===== 0002601_18960523_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
esti ra: al 0114101 ncl e/ na' [ Oa°

A Co ov..st• ori'vr°so ,treet'lef svs."-

===== 0002601_18960523_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEN STREET. 6laughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. tiOffers for mien large quantity of 1 f • :°" AND BONE MANURE h•-..P1 PINE POWDERY CONDITION. Iltst 4iosa—ighlY. recommended for Roots and Crass. l'aid ;"for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Caws, &c., oitild removed any reasonable distances. 4" PUNCTUALLY ATTBNOND TO.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
A ERVOUS DEBILITY.

A Christian Gentleman will send any sufferer, on receipt of Stamped and Addressed Envelope, his Physician's Pre- scription, which completely cured him in one month This will prevent sufferers being imposed upon and roobed by unscrupulous quacks, as any Plyamaeeutical Chemist can make it up.—lttr. EDWARDS, 35, South John Street, Liverpool.

LADIES' BEST FRIEND Marriel or Single Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY ILLUSTRA.TED GUIDE, post free, sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor mation of never-failing remedies for all ILLUSTEATED Irregularities and Obstructions, obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous U I DE. I or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the meat delicate. MADAME A.R. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRIST L

OARLISLE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—He idmaster, F. J. It. M .A., late of f ettes College. Edinburgh. oarders received !ri Headmaster's house. Entrance scholar- ships annually in July ; Li!ildings;new and well equipped, with southern aspect. gymnasium, cricket field, laboratory, fives courts, &c. Boys preparett for all the usual exaruina- tient).

ATANCHESTBR CUP.— A Gentleman will send special 111_ Selections, is. 6d. Connections extra confident. Wires (best only) daily 25.. weekly 7e. 6d,—N ELS ON, 3, Saralf-s' reet Begetkt Road, Salford.

rPHE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered ay the Fmnsican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. LUMBAGO, sSCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It is ms4,-ical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirimere-street, Leigh.—Please send two b3ttles of NINE OILS immediately, It is a wonderful remedy.—Every Bicyclist, Footballer, A thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by J. WOOREND, Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpogl, in bottles Is lfd and 2s 9d, free by post is 4d and 2s, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. You/fop Chemist, Warrington.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE IMMENSE STOOK FORIYOURSELVES,

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, CARPE VS AND LINOLV!p4R Tr/pm) pREI

===== 0002601_18960523_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
: , ;- • c , . 4 I . >. , i t:44 .e 1 C 1 1 'I 4 1 , t I ^ 4 t . I la- I 1 • , , - , , , i 1 a i I I 1 1 1 14 1 , I, , , 4 , 11 'I A 1 I ) t 1 , , , li , , 1 i I

===== 0002601_18960523_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• , , le, t, 4 r

===== 0002601_18960523_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YGORUORCBR FOR INICDOUGALL'S PATEINT SELF-RAISING FLOUR PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. 1 CAPITAL" CHAI.

No DIFFERENCE.—Waiter: "Brown bread or "'white, sir t" He: "It makes no difference to zne; I am colourblind." HE "I've bought you a pet monkey to amuse you, darling." She: "Oh, how kind of you! Now sha'n't miss you when you're away." "WELL, Mary, how do you like your new rplace ? " "I can't tell yet positively; you know, the first day the ladies are always politeness

CUSTOMER : "Is is customary to tip the waiter there?" Waiter: "Yes, sir." Customer: "Then ;hand over your tip. I've waited for nearly an

.hour." HE DESERVED TO ESCAPE.—" Have yor been at cyour books, Henry ?" "Ye—yes, ma." "Henry, are you lying to me? Your hair is wet. You've been in the brook swimming." "Ye—yes, ma; but there's books in the running brooks, you

know." WIFE of his bosom (contemptuously) ; "You ,despicable fellow, I can't express the hatred and detestation I feel for you!" Husband (fervently) : 4` Thank'sh heaven ! " A CAREFUL BOY.—" Liz," said Mr. Kiljordan's youngest brother, "do you say woods is' or 'woods are ?' " "Woods are, of course," she answered. " Why ? " "Cause Mr. Woods are down in the parlour waitin' to see you." TOMMY'S SUCCESS.—Mrs. Cawker : "I am so glad that my little boy went to the head of his class this morning. How did you come to do it, Tommy ?" Tommy: "The rest of the fellows had guessed all the other ways of spelling the word." MECHANICAL.—Timmins : "This talk about the typewriter being a drawback to genius is all rot. I do all of my poems with a typewriter." Simmons: "You do? I had an idea that you made them with a set of rubber stamps." No OCCASION FOR THOUGHT. "My dear daughter," said Mr. Scadds, "I want you to think twice before you acoept Mr. Weevil, if he should propose." "Yes, papa," replied Miss Scadds, dutifully. "And you must put an interval of ten years between the two thoughts."

A MEAN LOVER. I love to make my Mabel cry, By jealous taunts and jeers, For then I get a chance to try And kiss away her tears. PLEASANT FOR THE NEIGHBOURS.—Friend: "I should think your daughter's four hours' practice on the piano would drive you crazy." Hostess: "Oh, not at all. She opens all the windows, and most of the sound goes outside." MOTHER (severely) : "How dare you take the money from your missionary bank ?" Willy: "Didn't you say I was a regular little heathen ? " Mother: You are far worse." Willy: "Well, I was saving the money for the heathen, and first comefirst served." A POSSIBLE REASON.—Petersbe : "Why doesn't Brownkins ever send his wife to the seashore in the summer ? " Jonesly : "Don't know. I guess it is because he doesn't know what good times a fellow can have when he sends his wife there." A MATRIMONIAL MARK.—Bridget M`Gavin : " Yer owld inimy, the °widest M'Nulty gurrl, is mahrried." Mary Ann Casey: "Oi knew 't." Bridget M‘Gavin : "How did yez know 't whin none av yez is on shpakin' turrums ?" Mary Ann Casey: "Didn't Oi mate her wid a black oye ?" FIRST Doctor: "Well, doctor, I had a peculiar case to-day." Second Doctor: "What was it, please?" First Doctor: "I attended a grass widow who is afflicted with hay fever." MANSON : "What was the biggest purse you ever won on a single hand?" Stacy: "Two millions, cash." Manson, " Impossible ! Where did you hold that hand?" Stacy: "Here, two years ago. She's my wife now." LANDLADY: "Soup, fish, joint and sweets at seven! I told you I could not undertake late din- ners, sir !" Lodger; "Certainly not, madam. This is an early supper." Landlady; "Oh, well, that makes a difference." Do ANYTHING TO WIN.—" Papa, do lawyers •ever tell the truth ? " "Certainly my boy; they will do anything to win their case." • IN an East-end clothing shop is a card announc- ing " Perfectly-fit ting garments. Every article sits as well as a hen." THE REASON. —Ada: "I hear that Harry Robin- son's father has started him in business, Ida: " Yes ; I understand he couldn't get anybody to pay Harry a salary." PERMANyNTLY HIGH.—" Do you feel that you are wedded to high art?" Yes; I suppose I am. I've always looked forward to moving my studio a few storeys lower; but I guess I'll have to let it go." SHE HAD TOLD THAT FIB ALREADY.—Matri- monial Agent: "Just one thing more. How old are you ? " Miss Singler : "Twenty-five years." Agent: "Oh, well, you can easily say you are five years younger." Miss Singler : "Oh, I've done that already !" DOWNTON : "Here comes Binkers. He's got a new baby, and he'll talk us to death." Upton: "Well, here comes a neighbour of mine who has a new dog. Let's introduce them to each other, and leave them to their fate." PROFESSIONAL AMENITIES.—Dr. Killern (indig- nantly) : "What do you. think? Shrouds, the undertaker, offered me twenty per cent. on all the business I would put in his way." Dr. Pillem (dryly) : "You'll be a rich man yet, Killem !" TURN ABOUT IS FAIR PLAY.—Mr. Upton (across the air shaft) : "I wish you folks wouldn't make .so much noise; you're , keeping our baby awake." Mr. Forthfloor (blandly) : "Oh, we are, are we? Well, just ask your baby how he likes it himself !" NORMAL.—Brown: "How is your appetite these days !" Jones: "Fair. I can eat three meals a day onweek days, and about fifteen on Sunday." AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHER (touring in Cheshire) : "Pardon me, sir, but would you object to my taking your daughter just as she is?" Farmer Oldun : "My word, now, this is sudden! But, there, take her along and be happy." (To daughter) : "Keep your eyes on him, Sal, till I scoot round for the parson." IT WAS A GOOD BUSINESS.—" Well, Jimmy, how much did you put in the Sunday-school box to- day?" " Threepence " said Jimmy. "It was good business, too. Teacher gave me a card for being the most generous boy in the class, and I swapped it for a postage-stamp worth sixpence with Billy Wilkins." VERY STRICT.—In Germany the police regula- tions are very strict, and any violation of them is promptly punished. The people have an inherent terror of the law. Two gentlemen happened to meet in Berlin, and the following conversation, it is alleged, took place :—" Have you heard the dreadful news about Muller ? " "No ; what is it?" "He was in a boat on the river. He fell overboard and was drowned. The water was too deep." "Didn't he know how to swim?" "Swim! Don't you know that all persons are for- bidden by the police to swim in the river?" THE BILL-STICKER'S POLITICS.—A rural bill- sticker, who had to do duty for both candidates, was asked which party he preferred, when he said: "When I starts on my rounds, I thinks, William 'Arcourt—'n's the man for me! None of your bloomin' lords, but just a plain man like myself!' So I sticks up his posters. But when I starts on my second rounds, I thinks as how I've been unfair to my noble Lord of Salisbury, and the confidence 'e reposes in me in gending me 'is bills; so I sticks them right over 'Arcourt's, so that both parties have their turn, and their confidence in inc is justified." WHY T I LEY READ UPSIDE DOWN. —Mr. and Mrs. Wings were reading the evening paper. "Peculiar ways the Japanese have," said Mrs. Wings, casually : " they read up instead of down, and from right to left. What do you suppose they do that for, Mr. Wings?" "How should I know, Mrs. Wings? What questions you women do ask." 'Then there was silence, until suddenly Wings threw down the paper with a remark of an electric-blue colour and a milestone smell and began poking the fire viciously. "What is the matter, Mr. Wings?" eagerly asked his wife. " Matter ? Oh, nothing—nothing at all. I only read a half-column of thrilling narrative before I fond that it wound up with a patent medicine -advertis,2nnt." Again there was silence. Then Mrs. Wings, who had been pondering something deeply, sad: "I know now why the Japanese read up instead Of down." Oh, you do, eh? Well, why?" "So ;Ls to see the patent, medicine advertisement before reading the article. '

Of all the efforts made in recent years to revive old industries in various parts of Ireland none have succeeded better than those which have been directed to the production of coloured linens. A varied selection of these fabrics on Monday on view at Donegal House, Wigmore-st., revealed the very high degree of perfectioh which has been at- tained. No fewer than 500 combinations of tints are manufactured, the splendid Oriental reds and blues being quite as durable as their Egyptian pro- totypes oE 2,000 years ago. There is a distinct in- dividuality about these linens, all of them made on hand-looms in cottages, and the softer-tinted kinds are fpecially adapted for decorative purposes. A few specimens stencilled in silver and gold with original Japanese designs and after Japanese methods instanced the fine effects arrived at by , simple means and at a comparatively low cost. A I better background for pictures can hardly be imagined. Rich Eastern fabrics are a luxury, but these Irish linens, well within reach of the mode- rately filled purse, are in their way quite as beau- tiful, and certainly not less truly artistic. Certain finer kinds woven for dress use are " shot " in a manner altogether novel and attractive. Thanks to the example of many leaders of fashion,the linen industry bids fair to answer the expectations of the ladies wllo have worked so energetically for its restoration.

The directors of the Chartered Company, what- ever they may do from motives of policy, are, it is said, equally divi led in numbers as to the aban- donment of Mr. Cecil Ehodes Mr. Rochefort Maguire, ex-Parnellite M.P., has not been slow to point to the disorganisation which followed the abandonment of Parnell on an issue of morals. What will be attempted, therefore, will, we are as- sured, be a compromise—the retirement of Mr. Rhodes for a season, and his reinstatement as soon as time may be supposed to have deadened the prickings of the public conscience or the situation in South Africa has definitively cleared up.

Although Dr. Jameson has given a denial to the rumours about his approaching marriage,those who profess to know something about the matter take the denial as simply implying that the marriage is not immediately imminent. According to the story current in some circles, the attachment is of long standing. The lady, at any rate, to whom rumour allotted him is not youthful, and is the mother of a son who has already achieved some distinction in public life. She is the widow of a peer, and has been a widow for a considerable time, but her at- tachment to Dr. Jameson is said to be as strong as his is to her. However, while his fate in connec- tion with the present trial remains uncertain, pru- dence probably dictates delay until the judicial pro- ceedings have run their course.

Lord Rosebery's urgent plea for a prompt inquiry in regard to the Chartered Company has helped to consolidate social opinion on the subject. It is now recognised that if the Government adhere to their original intention of not proceeding with the promised inquiry until next year, it will be of comparatively little use. There is reason to be- lieve that the leaders of the Opposition will take the earliest opportunity that presents itself to press the Government to order the inquiry forth- with. It is believed that the Colonial Secretary is Personally in favour of immediate action, but the Prime Minister is reported to be the leader of those Conservatives who prefer delay.

The particular service squadron which was called into existence just after the Kaiser's telegram to President Kruger is now about to be dispersed. It was on January Bth that the determination to com- mission the squadron was announced, so that it has been in existence about four months. It is inter- esting to know that at the Admiralty the way in which the squadron was mobilised is not regarded with the enthusiasm that it originally inspired among civilian observers. Although the announce- ment of the intention to commission was made on January Bth,it was not until the 14th that the admiral hoisted his flag, and not until the 20th that the squadron put to sea. It is the fashion to say that the squadron was fitted out in twenty-four hours and the Admiralty authorities regard this as much nearer the time which should have been occupied than the twelve days which actually were occupied.

'lhere is much interest, or, more strictls, curio- sity, felt at the action Mr. T. W. Russell is likely to takti if the Government surrender on the Irish Land Bill to the outcry of the Irish landlords. The belief is general that he will leave the Govern- ment, and seek a position of greater freedom on one of the benches below the Ministerial gangway. The Government stand pledged to Mr. Russell to pro- ceed with the Bill ; and Mr. Russell stands pledged to the Ulster tenant farmers that it will be pushed forward. Mr. Russell is a man neither of half- convictions nor of half-speech, and, as he is thoroughly sincere in his desire to act up to his pledges, he will not cling to office if the landlords are successful. The positicn of the Government is therefore a delicate one. They can carry the Bill through the Commons against the opposition of the landlords, but they run the risk of being beaten in the POllBB of Lords, where a Tory cave once before placed a Tory Government in an awkward plight.

The amendment paper relating to the Education Bill is becoming a volume of unwieldy proportions, and growing in size day by day. Every evening fresh showers of amendments are rained in upon tke clerks, and the calculations of one evening are left far behind by those of the next. At the be- ginning of the week no fewer than 1,300 or 1,400 amendments had been put down, and it is ex- pected that the number will be doubled before the committee stage is reached. It is manifestly im- possible to deal with such a list near the end of the session by the old ordinary process of patiently plodding through it, and between doing that and elosuring by compartments there is no alternative under the present rules of the house. By the latter process, some of the most important amendments will he completely blocked out without a single word of discussion, and as it will operate irrespec- tive of the claims of the one side or the other, the Ministerialists will suffer quite as much as the Opposition. Under the most favourable circum- stancet the Bill cannot be reached for some weeks, as the second reading of the Irish Land Bill is to be taken as soon as the Agricultural Ratingdlill passes through committee.

The Fadical Committee have now issued their manifesto. In the words of the Committee "it has been resolved to form a distinctive, advanced Radi- cal section in Parliament. and to appeal to the Radical elements in the Liberal party and in the constituencies to carry on an active and energetic campaign." In the opinion of the Committee it is the duty of the Radicals to unite their forces in the -.-flThrt to abolish the House of Lords and bring about a system of devolution,other wise Home Rule all round. It has been arranged, I believe, to hold a meeting of the new party every Tuesday after- noon, when Parliamentary action will be discussed and decided upon.

I hear that the Emperor William has recently developed a taste for the study of currency ques- tions, and that his Majesty has called for special reports, which are now being prepared, on the con- troversy in England. The latest works on bime- tallism and monometallism by English authors are to be sent to his Majesty.

The strike in the London building trade is break- ing down, bat almost the only fact that is known is that the collapse is arising from the retreat of the masters. Ninety mister joiners and carpenters have given way, and probably nearly the whole 10,000 of the workmen who struck work on Mon- day will be employed again this week. The masters have conceded the advance of wages, and are negotiating for a new code of work- ing rules. This leaves about 15,000 men still on strike but as negotiations have been begun with .ome Of' the other allied trades, it is believed that terms will be immediately arranged, and that the strike will be practically over before the week is out. But the deliberations are withheld from the Press with a scrupulousness that does not augur well for the spread of the principles of the new diplomacy.

TO PRRSHRVE YOUR HAIR use common sense: don ruin it by sousing it with cold water or starve it by neglect all liv ng things require nourishment, and pure grease is tin doubtedly the best nourisher of the hair: for more than a century. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL has been considered the beet preserver of the hair ever used :it prevents it falling off or turning grey, removes scurf and promotes a luxuriant grow h: for children it is unsurpassed also in a golden colour for air hair. Bottles 3s 6d., is. 108 6d. (equal to 4 small). Row uti's Macassar OIL--Nourishes the hair. Row id's Macassar Oil.—Prevents baldness. Ask anywhere for Rowland's Macassar Oil of 20, Hatton Garden London, and avoid cbeop .worthletr imitations.

All rights reserved.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD

KNOWN as Rev. Joseph Holmes' Mexican Prescription - is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those u LID suffer from nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. 3.idney or bladder diseas•-s, gravel, prostate, spina! weak• ness, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test, for twenty years. Send a self-address, d -tamped nvelope to Jos. HOLMES' Remedy Co. Illta n.sl;ury Man 'gm, Bloomsbury Square. London, and get tu,! particu!ars ot this great specific free ot charge. Mention whether for Trate or female, Beware ot fraudnleat imitators.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY MAY 23, 1896 THE HIDDEN HAND;

" WOMEN'S CHAT."

At the Drawing Boom, held by the Princess of Wales last Monday, members of the Royal Family, and the wives of officials were still debarred from wearing colours,but the toilettes worn by the other women were, if possible, more brilliant than ever. The young Duchess of Marlborough was presented by her mother- in-law, the Marchioness of Blandford, and !oohed very lovely in her ivory satin gown trimmed with exquisite Brussels poiut. Her Grace carried a shower bouquet of lilies of the valley, and in addition to other handsome ornaments wore a very beautiful diamond girdle. The Duke and Duchess have now taken up their residence at 6, Audley-square for the season.

Passers-by would scarcely believe that such charming grounds as those attached to Buckingham Palace, lie hidden behind the ugly brick wall which stretches down Grosvenor-place. Yet,but for the rumbling of the street traffic,the picturesque spot might lie in the heart of the country. It is the one thing which reconciles her Majesty to an occasional brief sojourn at the palace. The shrubs, flowers and trees, are magnificent, and the swans,ducks and wild fowls on the lakes, and the pea- cocks on the lawns, make the scene a delightful one. The little son of Prince and Princess Adolphus of 'reek is just now on a visit to his grandparents,the Duke and Duchess of Teck at White Lodge, Richmond. It is satisfactory to know that there is every chance of the poor child's eight being restored to him, thanks to the excellent treatment which ho has received from his medical attendants. The two small sons of the Duke and Duchess of Ycrk are also staying with the Duke and Duchess of Teck,and there could not be a prettier spec- tacle than these three babies toddling about on the broad lawn which stretches behind the Lodge. Rumours are afloat concerning the approaching betrothal ef Queen Wilhelmina of Holland to Prince Bernhard Henry of Saxe Weimar, and although the young Queen will not be seventeen till August, there is every reason to believe that the report is trustworthy. The official announcement will, it is expected, be made on the 25th of next month, the 80th birthday of the Grand Duke of Saxe Weimar. Prince Bernhard Henry is only nineteen years of age. The little King of Spain, who was ten years old on the 17th inst., has now entered upon the dignity of one whole decade, by taking unto himself a separate house- hold from that of his mother, the Queen Regent. Con- gratulations were showered uppn the Queen Resent whose position has been a very responsible one during the past ten years. She has indeed cherished her fragile little boy's health with matronly solicitude, and so trained him morally and physically, that be will enter upon his public career,with every prospect of prosperity and renown.

It appears the Dowager Czarina of Russia intends to make Princess Maud a most magnificent pregent of jewels on her wedding. This the Dowager Empress is perfectly well able to do, as her collection is one ot the finest in the world. The late Czar was never tired of gratifying her taste for precious jewels, and he spent an enormous sum in this direction. Hardly second to the jewel casket of the Dowager Empress of Russia,how- ever, stands that of the Empress of Austria, whose black pearls are noted throughout Europe for their ex- treme beauty and rarity. But to return to my subject, viz., Princess Maud's wedding gifts, of the Princess of Wales's presents to her daughter will be an exquisitely worked copy of the Sacred Cross,which was found is the tomb of Queen Dagmar. When the Princess of Wales was married, her father the King of Denmark, gave her a copy of this cross,which is regarded with superstitious , veneration in Denmark.—Apropos of weddings, one may ' really begin to ask if a church is a suitable place in which ,to indulge in load laughter, plenty of talk, and not a I little Eirtation ; for it seems to be an established fact I that at weddings, churches are no longer either s-lemn or serious places. Several times lately I have wondered to find the exquisite singing and solemn service all un- heeded by the fluttering crowds of friends who have as- sembled to see two made into one.

Many of my readers who are not already aware of the fact may be interested to know that the practice of a woman changing her name on marriage originated from a Roman custom. The practice, however, is not universal. In many parts of the United States, a woman never relinquishes her maiden name, and is called by it as often as by that of her husband's. In many parts of France and Belgium the husband and wife's names are used together when either of them are mentioned, and in Spain and Portugal married women do not take the name of their husband, but continue to be known by their own. Even in the rural parts of England one often finds a married woman called by her maiden name, and in the country districts of Scotland it is sometimes found that both names are used.

There is no doubt that if the impecunious woman cannot ring the changes so necessary in evening gowns at the present mornent,when the London season is in full swing, she never will, for not only are fichus adorable, quaint and eminently useful, to be correct, but we are to be permitted the choice of either a contrasting bodice or contrasting sleeves. Speaking of the impecunious woman reminds me of an excellent recipe for cleaning black silk or satin, that, alas, has become shiny. Take some per- fectly clean potato parings, cover them with water.and allow them to soak twenty-four hours. Then strain, and well sponge the material with the water. Lay be- tween clean cloths, and iron, on the wrong side, until quite dry.

All the newest silk petticoats are daintily finished with an inner frill of pinked out shot silk,and an outer flounce of lace, either black or butter color. White petticoats are reserved for very light gowns, and frequently these are lined with a color. The safest shade in petticoats,to indulge in just now, is beige, as it goes with the fash- ionable grass lawn and with the endless shades of pale brown, tan, biscuit, deep cream, and buff tones, now so much en-evidence.

With regard to sunshades, the inside of this most use- ful complement of the toilette,is receiving quite as much attention this season as the outside. It is covered with gathered chiffon and lace frills and made beautiful in a variety of ways. This fashion we all cinnot but appre- ciate, for it is seldom a parasol is held upright, and the spectacle of unadorned ribs is not fascinating. I received a shock a few mornings back from the head- _ _ _

ini.Oi-iin--articlein one of our fiendon daily papers, "The Moon One Yard Off." Surely. I thought, this is too near! However on reading further I discovered that Mr. Deloncle, who is responsible for the telescope which is to achieve this wonder at the next Paris Exhibition, has now lengthened the distance to thirty-eight mi;es. In other words the moon will then be about the same distance from the earth as Hind Head is from London.

Philosophers have remarked that upon our best things we chance, and how true this ia ! For example,the other night a meteor appeared ,flashed a moment and was gone, but not however before several readers of a London evening newspaper had caught sight of it. Among these was a cyclist, who saw it while" keeping a sharp look out fvr stones." He observed that it was very beautiful that "its trail was marked by brownish smoke," and "just before it disappeared it divided into two." For- tunate cyclist, had he been seeking meteors, he would have found only stones. BOILED BATTER PUDDING i 5 delicious and very econom- ioal. Take two eggs, half a pint of milk, four ounces of flour, and some golden syrup. Beat the eggs and strain them inte the milk. Put the fiber in a basin and mix in the milk and eggs gradually, keeping the batter quite stiff at first. Pour into a greased pudding basin and boil for an hour. Heat two tablespoonfuls of golden syrup and pour it round the pudding as a sauce.

" MADGE."

CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. By Nils. E. D. E. N. SOUTHYTORT H.

CHAPTER XXXIX. CAP FREES THE CAPTIVE. •" Hold daughter ! I do spy a kind of hope, Which craveth as desperate an execution As that is desperate, which we would prevent And if thou darest, I'll give the remedy ! Hold, then ! go home, be merry, give consent To marry Paris ! Wednesday is to-morrow !" —SHAKESPEARE. As the autumn weather was now very pleasant, Capitola continued her rides, and without standing upon ceremony, repeated her visit to the Hidden House. She was as usual followed by Wool, who kept at a respectful distance, and who during hi mistress's visit remained outside ha attendame upon the horses.

Capitola luckily was in no danger of encounter- ing Colonel Le Noir, who since the night of the mysterious tragedy had not returned home; hut had gone to and settled in his winter quarters at Washington City. But she again met Craven Le Noir, who, con- trary to his usual ' custom of accompanying his father upon his annual migrations to the metropo- lis, had upon this occasion remained home in close attendance upon his cousin, the wealthy orphan. Capitola found Clara the same sweet, gentle and patient girl, with this difference only - that her youthful brow was now overshadowed by a heavy trouble which could not wholly be explained by her state of orphanage, or her sorrow for the dead --it was too full of anxiety, gloom and terror to have reference to the past alene. Capito'a saw all this, and trusting in her own powers, would have sought the confidence of the poor girl, with the view of soothing her sorrom and helping her out of her difficulties ; but Miss Day, candid upon all other topics was stranely reserved upon this subject, and Capitola, with all her eccentricity, was too delicate to seek to intrude upon the young mourner's sanctuary of grief. But a crisis was fast approaching which rendered further concealment difficult and dangerous, and which threw Clara for protection upon the courage, presence of mind and address of Capitola. Since Clara Day had parted with her betrothed and taken up her residence beneath her guardian s roof she had regularly written both to Traverse at St. Louis, and to his mother at Staunton. But she had received no reply from either mother or son. And months had passed filling the mind of Clara with anxiety upon their account. She did not for one moment doubt their con- stancy ; alas ! it required but littls perspicacity on her part to perceive that the letters on either side must have been intercepted by the Le Noire— father and son. Her great anxiety was lest Mrs. Rocke an.l Traverse, failing to hear from her, should imagin,, that she had forgotten them. She longed to asaare them that she had not! But how should she do this —lt was perfectly useless to write and send the letter to the post-office by any servant at the Hidden House, for such a letter so sent would be sure to find its way—not into the • mail-bags, but —into the pocket of Colonel Le Noir. Finally, Clara resolved to entrust honest Cap. with so much of her story as would engage her interest and co-operation, and then confide to her care the letter to be placed in the post-office. Clara had scarcely come to this resolution ere, as we said, an imminent crisis obliged her to seek the further aid of Capitola. Craven Le Noir had never abated his unaccep- table attentions to the orphan heiress. Day by day, on the contrary, to Clara s unspeakable dis- tress, these attentions grew more pointed and alarming. At first she had received them coldly and re- pulsed them gently ; but as they grew more ardent and devoted she became colder and more reserved, until at length by maintaining a freezing hauteur, at variance with her usually sweet temper, she sought to repel the declaration that was ever ready to fall from his lips. But notwithstanding her evident abhorrence of his suit, Craven Le Noir persisted in his purpose. And so, one morning, he entered the parlour and finding Clara alone, he closed the door, seated him- self beside her, took her hand and made a formal declaration of love and proposal of marriage, urging his suit with all the eloquence of which he was master.

Now Clara Day, a Christian maiden, a recently bereaved orphan and an affianced bride, bad too profound a regard for her duties towards Cod, her father's will, and her betrothed husband's rights, to treat this attempted invasion of her faith in any other than the most deliberate, serious and (iig- nitied manner.

"1 am very sorry, Mr. Le Noir, that it has at length come to this. I thought I had conducted myself in such a manner as totally to discourage any such purpose as this which you have just honoured me by disclosing. Now, however, that the subject may be set at rest for ever, I feel bound to announce to you that my hand is already pliuhted," said Clara, gravely. "But my fairest and dearest love, your little hand cannot be plighted without the consent of your guardian, who would never countenance the impudent pretensions which I understand to be made by the low born young man to whom, I pre- sume, you allude. That engagement was a very foolish affair, my dear girl, and only to be palliated upon the ground of your extreme childishness at the time of its being made. You must forget the whole matter, my sweetest love, and prepare your- selftp listen to a. suit more worthy of your social position," said Craven Le Noir, attempting to steal his arm around her waist. Clara coldly repelled him, saying: "I am at a loss to understand, Mr. Le Noir, what act of levity on my part has given you the assurance to offer me this affront ?" "Do you call it an affront, fair cousin, that I lay my hand and heart, and fortune, at your feet? "I have called your act, sir, by its gentlest name. Under the circumstances I might well have called it an outrage f' "And what may be those circumstances that eonvert an act of—adoration—into an outrage, my sweet Cousin?" Sir, you know them well! I have not concealed from yourself or. my guardian that I am the affianced bride of Doctor Roche, nor that our troth wtts plighted with the full consent of my dear fatherr, said Clara, gravely. "Tut, tut, tut, my charming cousin, that was mere child's play—a school girl's romanti: whim; do not dream that your guardian will ever permit you to throw yourself away upon that low-bred fellow !" "Mr. Le Noir, if you permit yourself to address me in this manner, I shall feel compelled to retire. I cannot remain here to have my honoured father's will and memory, and the rights of my betrothed, insulted in my person !" said Clara, rising to leave the room. " No—stay ! forgive me, Clara pardon me, Fentlest girl, if, in my great love for you. I grow impatient of any other claim upon your heart, especially from such an unworthy quarter ! Clara, you are a mere child, full of generous but romantic sentim-nts, and dangerous impulses ! You require extra vigilance and titan exercise of authority on the part of your guardian to save you fromeertain self-destruction! And some day, sweet girl, you will thank us for preserving you from the horrot s of such a mesalliance, said Craven Le Noir, gently detaining her. "I tell you, Mr. Le Noir, that your manner of speaking of my betrothal is equally insulting to myself, Doctor Roche, and my dear father, who never would have plightod our hands had he con- sidered our prospective marriage a mesalliance." 'Nor do I suppose he ever did plight your hands —while in his right senses !" " Oh sir ! this has been discussed be'ore ! I beg of you to let the subject drop for ever, remember- ing that I hold myself sacredly betrothed to Tra- verse Roche. and ready--when, at my legal majority, he shall claim me—to redeem my plighted faith by becoming his wife." " Clam-a! this is madness !it must not be en- dured, nor shall not! I have hitherto sought to win your heart by showing you the great extent of love ! but be careful how you scorn that love, or continue to taunt me with the mention of an un- worthy rival I for though I use gentle ?mom, should I find them fail of their purpose, I shall know how to avail myself of harsher ones." Clara disdained reply, except by permitting her clear eye to pass over him from head to foot, with an expression of consuming acorn that scathed him to the quick. "I tell you to be careful, Clara Day! I come to you armed with the authority of your legal guar- dian, my father, Colonel Le Noir, who will fore- stall your foolish purpose by throwing yourself and your fortune away upon a beggar, even though to do so, he strain his authority and coerce you into taking a more suitable companion,' said Craven Le Noir, rising impatiently, and pacing the floor. But no sooner had he spoken these words than he saw how greatly he had injured his cause, aud re.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS A WOMAN WANTS TO KNOW.

uERTAINLY, with the advance of summer, capes are curtailed in length; some ladies seem to think the shorter they are the smarter, and so much reduce their length as to make them quite unbecoming. This is not the case, however, with the cape of which I am giving you a sketch. It was made of a dull shot red and green silk, trimmed with grass muslin, and edged with a deep frill of black chiffor.. It is cut full, as you will see, and falls in flutes, each flute being marked by a light passementerie of embroidered grass lawn. The high stand-up collar is of the same material, as are also the ends which reach to the lower edge of the cape. A wide bow of ribbon fastens it at the neck, and completes a very dainty garment, and one which, with a good pattern such as we supply, could be undertaken by any lady for herself. These little capes of silk, chiffon, and lace, are really such dainty making that they might be looked upon in the light of fancy work almost more than dressmaking, and a lady with good taste and nimble fingers will soon find that many of the trimmings she has by her can be utilised for their ornamentation.

The frill round this cape is put on quite at the edge, so that it is transparent. Many of the capes this year are, I consider, over- ornamented. Some of those which have bA.en

A Fashionable Cape. No. 3123. Paper Pattern, sp. To be had from PATTERN DEPARTMENT,IB, HENRIETTA. STREET LONDON, W.C.

seen in the Park lately have almost erred on the side of good taste, ribbons, laces, chiffon, and artificial flowers even, having been brought into requisition for their ornamentation, and this, too, with no light hand. The result is that in the struggle after what is considered fashion, many have forgotten that good taste must be the foundation of all really fashionable dressing. My second sketch shows a design which I trust will be very useful for an underskirt. This pattern is exceedingly well cut, and thoroughly suited for wearing under the full skirts of to-day. It is suitable for almost every material. First and foremost, of course, silk would be better than anything else, and in this case the frills—which, you will notice, are deeper at the back than in the front—should be edged with lace, and the top one gathered with a heading. For smart evening wear, white China silk, with frills edged with Valen- ciennes, leaves nothing to be desired. It is absolutely ideal wear, it washes perfectly, and will not easily wear out. To come to a more everyday petticoat, a fine white cambric trimmed with embroidered frills, or frills of cambric edged with fairly strong lace, or again, a zephyr of pale colouring with frills to match, would both look remarkably well? Some people I have seen lately have made their skirts of a pretty shot alpaca, and they had the frills only of silk. In this way the

A Pretty Underskirt. No. 3124. Parer Pattern, Bicl.

To be had from PATTERN DEPARTMENT, 18, HENRIETTA STREET, LONDON, W.C.

desired frou-frou is obtainable at considerably less cost. Moreover, of course, the alpaca skirt wears better than the ordinary glace silk. I notice at the present time that all the smartest people are wearing hats rather than toques; in fact, for the moment, toques are hardly as popular as formerly. Hats of medium size with a small brim are the most favoured this year, and these are trimmed with masses of tulle or gauze, and flowers of almost every kind. I notice the brims are still turned up considerably at the back to show bunches of flowers or rosettes of ribbon and lace nest- ling on the hair. Many of us now are enjoying to the full all kinds of outdoor summer games, tennis, boat- ing, golf, cycling, all come in for their share, and with what result? Of course our faces are considerably sunburnt, and our hands too. Many people do not mind the former, but the latter are not to be borne. I think, therefore, a simple lotion for whitming the hands may be appreciated by you. Place a pint of orange- flower-water, or rose-water, in a bottle. Add to it one ounce of glycerine, and a teaspoonful of powdered borax. Mix these well together, and use constantly after washing. It may also be used occasionally on the face, but it is not advisable to use it regularly, on account of the glycerine contained in its composition. Muslin curtains have a very brightening effect in a house during the summer, and care- ful housewives are glad to take down their handsome winter curtains, which readily spoil if exposed to the full glare of the hot summer sun, and replace them with muslin. Then again there are windows for which one cannot afford winter curtains, which yet may , be adorned by those of muslin. Let me ' recommend to you a very cheap kind of curtain pole. Secure an ordinary bro.-im handle and two brass knobs from your ironmonger. Paint the broom handle any colour to suit your woodwork, and then screw on the brass ends. With a dozen rings large enough to slip over the rod, and two long hooks to hold it, the curtain pole will be ready for its new and. dainty muslin curtains. Failing the broom- handle, bamboos, which can be bought quite inexpensively, will do as well.

Grass lawns grow more bewilderingly lovely every week, and made up over heliotrope satin or sateen, this particular fabric is delightful for blouses. Embroidery, too, made up over a color, is being used with much en- thusiasm to form blouses and in mcst of the West End shops at the present moment it is possible to buy pieces (specially cut, and traced to shape) which can easily be maniputatel by the home dressmaker.

.'ry ,- .._ . f 6, ~\.„ ~,;.:4. ........ ....0.>.•,.4,-•:..,,:.?,•?e, CasMitaif• - tor ~..., ~.. _0 1 . .0, i • ff• 1.".• ,•'''. 5.. r 1 \ i tv ..:•ii:.>.re • .;'-iiii,j;,.,:: ',...•', ':,:.•:?•-ei t , ''.: ...4,Q. • -.,-,r • - --"' ... '1.i.:,?,-;,_ // j 1

, 1/ 11 ii,/ 4:1 , • ... ///y / / ' // .i /4 "1 ' 1 Z;;/- * • •.) • t ; 1 .4.1. . ', . • /lc '•dA • , r. • ' i! • I c,)"' •A ,r,:3 ~,, -,,,, . ,;••- ,t h \. ,i-, ir • '• 1 v,41‘,&, )..,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE ABOUT THE NEW FOOD

PREPA RATION.

The particulars now being published of a new nourish- ing, stimulating, and vitalising Food Beverage, the merits of which have already been recognised to an extent hitherto untnown in the history of any prepara- tion, are really remarkable. It is not a drug or a curative medicine in any sense of the word, yet it builds up strength and vigour by imparting nourishment, and possessing strengthening, stimulative, and restorative qualities unsurpassed by any other Food Beverage. The majority of men and women have, from their very childhood, been so accustomed to fly to nauseous 'drugs and medicines, that it is a difficult matter to get them to believe that strength and muscular activity, rosy cheeks, and health cai.. be obtained without the use of such aid. It can, however, be done. A Food Beverage such as Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, with its unique powers of nutriment and exceptional vitalis- ing properties, is a means whereby strength and nervous energy is gained .as a rational outcome ef increased vitality and the pleasing consequence of greater nourish- ment and sustenant force.' It aids the digestive Dowers and is invaluable to tired men and delicate women and children. It has the retreshing properties of fine tea,the nourish- ment of the best cocoas, and a tonic and recuperative possessed by neither,and can be used in all cases where tea and coffee are prohibited. It is not a'medicine,but a unique and wonderful Food Beverage. The wonderful African Kolo nut which it contains has concentrated powers of nutriment, and imparts stamina and staying powers,adds to power of endurance, and enables those who use it to undergo greater physical exertion and fatigue. The unique vitalising and restorative powers of Dr. Tibbles' Vi Cocoa are being recognised to an extent hitherto unknown in the history of any preparation. Merit,and merit alone,is what is claimed for Dr.Tilibles' Vi-Cocoa,and the proprietors are prepared to send to any reader who names the " Warrington Examiner" (post- card will do) a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' V-- Cocoa free and post paid. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is made up in 61. packets, and 9d. and is. 6d. tins. It can be obtained from all chem- ists, grocers, and stores, or from Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Limited, Suffolk House, Canon-at., London, E.C. (2)

===== 0002601_18960523_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
pented them. Going to Clara and interceptin her as she was about to leave the room, he gently took her hand, and dropping his eyes lo the floor with a look of h mility and penitence, he said : " Clara, my sly-et cousin. I know not how suf- ficiently to express my sorrow at having been hurried into harshness towards you ;—towards you whom I love more than my own soul, and whom it is the fondest wish of my heart to call—wife I can only excuse myself for this, Or any future extravagance of manner, by my excessive lore for you and the jealousy that maddens my brain at the bare mention of my rival. That is it, sweet girl! Can you forgive one whom love and jealousy have hurried into frenzy ?" "Mr. Le Noir, the Bible errj,cPins me to forgive injuries. I shall endeavour, when I can, to forgive you; though for the present my heart is, still burning under the sense of wrongs done towards myself and those whom I love and esteem, and the only way in which you can make me forget what has just passed, will be to repeat the offi:nce.". And with these words, Clara bent her head and; passed from the room. Could she have seen the malignant scowl and gesture with which Craven Le Noir followed her departure, she would scarcely have tru.ted his expressions of penitence. Lifting his arm above his head, he fiercely shook his fist after her, and exclaimed : "Go on, insolent girl, and imagine- that you have humbled me! but the tune shall be changed by this day month ! for before that time, whatever power the law gives the husband over his wife and her property, shall be mine over you and your pos- sessions! 'Dien we shall see who shall be insolent! Then we shall see whose proud blue eye shall day after day dare to look up and rebuke me! Oh !to get you into my power, my girl I not that I love you, moon-faced creature! but I want your possess- ions! which is quite as strong an incentive." Then he fell into thought. He had an ugly way of scowling and biting his nails when deeply brood- ing over any subject, and now he walked slowly up and down the floor with his head. upon his breast, his brows drawn over his nose, and his four fingers between his teeth, gnawing away like &wild beast, while he muttered: "-She is not like the other one! she has more sense and strength! she will give us more trouble. We must continue to try fair means a little longer! It will be difficult, for I am not accustomed to con- trol my passions even for a purpose Yet—peni- tence and love are the only cards to be played to this insolent girl for the present. Al terwards--!1 Here his soliloquy muttered itself into silence. his head sunk deeper upon his breast, his brows' gathered lower over his nose, and he walked and; gnawed his nails like a hungry wolf. The immediate result of this cogitation was that!. he went into the library and wrote off a letter to his father, telling him all that had transpired between himself and Clara, and asking his further - counsel. He dispatched this letter and waited an answer. During the week that ensued before he could hope to e'hear from Colonel Le Noir, he treated Clara with marked deference and respect. And Clara on her part did not tax his forbear- ance by appearing in his presence oftener than she could possi:dy avoid. At the end of the week the.expected letter came. It was short and to the purpose. It ran thus ; "WASHINGTON, Dec. 14, 18—. "Mr DEAR CRAVEN .--You are losing time. Do not hope to win the girl by the means you propose. She is too acute to be deceived and too firm to be persuaded. We must not hesitate to use the only possible means by which we can coerce her into compliance. I. shall follow this letter by the first stage-coach; and, before the beginning of the next month, Clara Day shall be your wife. Your ade-tionate father„ " GABRIEL LE NOM. "C. Le Noir, Esq.,.Hiclden House." When Craven Le Noir read this letter, his thin white face and deep-set eyes lighted up with triumph. But Craven Le Noir huzzaed before he was out of the woods.. He had not calculated upon Capitola. The next day- Colonel Le Noir came to the Hidden House. He arrived late in the afternoon.

After refreshing himself with a bath, a change of clothing, and a light luncheon, he went to the library, where he passed the remainder of the even- ing in a confidential conference with his son. Their supper was ordered to be served up to them there. And for that one evening Clara had the comfort of taking her tea aloue.

The result of this conference was that the next morning, after breakfast, Colonel Le Noir sent for Miss Day to cometo,hiin in the library. When Clara, nerving her gentle heart to resist a sinful tyranny, entered the library, Colonel Le Noir arose and courteously handed her to a chair- and then, seating himself beside her, said : "My dear Clara. the responsibilities of a guar- dian are always very onerous, and his duties not always very agreeable, especially when his ward is the sole heiress of a large property and the object of pursuit by fortune-hunters and manceuverers, male and female. When such is the case, the duties and responsibilities, of the guardian are aug- mented a hundred fold." "Sir, this cannot be so in my case; since you are perfectly aware that my destiny is—humanly speaking—already d'ecided," replied Clara, with, gentle firmness. "As how, I pray:you‘ my fair ward?" "You cannot possibly be at a loss to . sir. You have been already advised that I am be- trothed. to Dr. Rocke, who will claim me as his : wife upon the day that I shall complete my twenty- first year."' "Miss Clara. Day; nomore of that, I beseech you. It is folly, perversity, frenzy! But, thanks to the wisdom of legislators,. the law very properly invests the guardian with great latitude of discretionary. power over the person an:d property of his ward— - to be used,. of c uric, for that ward's interest., - And thus, my dear Clara, it is my duty, while hold- ing this power over you., to exercise it for prevent.. big the possibility of your ever, either now or at any future time,. throwing yourself away upon a mere adventurer. TO, do this, I must provide you. with a suitable husband. My sou, Mr. Craven Le Noir, has lone loved and wooed y it. He is a young man cf good reputation and air prospects. I en- tirely approve his :nit ; aml as your guardian, I conr!atnd you, to. receive him for your destined. husband."' "Colonel Le Noir, this is no time 'for bated breath and whispered humbleness.' I am but a simple girl of seventeen, but I under,tand your purpose and that of your son just as well as though I were an old man of the world ! are, the fortune hunters. and in Akeuverers ! It. is the icr,inte of the wealthy heiress and f:ienille,s orphan that you are fl; pursuit of ! But that fortune, like ii.y hand arul heart, is already promised to One I:love ; and to spew: very plainly to you I would, di, ern, I would disappoint hin or wed your .30n,:" said, Clara, with, invinka'Ole firmness. Dis, 60.1 ?—there are worse things than ,death in the world.i' said Lotonel Le Noir, with a,,threatr cuing glare.. 1 know it! and °Tie of the worst thiaa's. in the world would be a union with a man I Le-LOCI neither esteem nor even endure !" exclaimed ( k °lolled. Le Noir saw that there was no use, in further disguise. Throwing oil', then, the last restraint of good breeding, he said : "And there are still more terrible evila fbr a woman than to be the wife of one she canineith,er esteem nor endure Clara shook her head in proud scorn. `3 There are evils, to escape which, such, a woman would go down upon her betided knees.to.be: made the wife of such a man 1" Clara's gentle eyes flashed with indignation! "Infamous 1" she cried.. "You slander all wo- manhood in my person !"' "The evils to ,which I allude are—comprised in —a life of dishonour ;" hissed Le Noir through his set teeth. "This to my fathep?s daughter I" exclaimed Clara, growing white- as death at the insult. "Aye, my girl! it is, time we understood each other 1 You are in nay power,, and I intend to coerce you to my wilt!' These words, accompanied as they were by a look that left no doubt upon her mina that he would carry out his purpose to any extremity, so appalled the maidens soul that she stood like one suddenly struck with catalepsy. The unscrupulous wretch ther. approached her and said: "I am going now to the county seat to take out marriage licence for you and my son. I shall have the carriage at the door by six o'clock this. evening, when I desire that you will be ready to, accompany us to church, where a clerical frieraa will be in attendance to perform the marriage ceremony 1--Clara Day, if you would save your honour, look to this 1' All this time Clara had neither moved, nor spoken, nor breathed. She had stood cold, white and still, as if turned to stone. "Let no vain hope of escape delude your mind. Tile doors will he kept locked; the servants are all warned not to stiffer you to leave the house. Look to it, Clara, for the rising of another sun ahall see my purpose accomplished 1" (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18960523_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• sr -", - P • -

===== 0002601_18960523_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
-iru

MIR BRITISH CYCLB 111/A.NUFACTURING Co. 45, Rierton RoE2d, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0 a Vi I'3 n

===== 0002601_18960523_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
p,,.• s 0 .cx on E,,..t. o H

S" G t- m CD r. 4

M P LND 00

„ (:;=

co w -c--:'.. P'

CO a"Zt cm -....... I

)4k- ....1 1

CA Cil 0' Cn

===== 0002601_18960523_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tNn ~i. C"

===== 0002601_18960523_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
c.): et) cn

===== 0002601_18960523_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAGUE OF

A "Little Cough,°' THE RUIN OF HEALTH : A" Little-Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Cough. Which may be CURED now by the. IMMEDIATE HALL'S: FOR INFLUENZA LUNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CHEST ,T LUNG AND THROA RESTOIIER COMPLAINTS. 0 N"'r ''il,• H,POSSHSSESTEIE POWS:a LUNG to Soon E, RELIEVII HEAL, which exists in ° RESTORE:, other preparation. FOR COUGHS LUNG OE RESTORER . COLDS' Never Falls. It NEVER FAILS to GO LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER THE. FIRST DOSE 18 A SOOTHING fli'lr LUNG LUDE TO THE CVO' RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. $ LUNG DOES NOT CONT,4.OOt RESTORER LAUDANUM. orlig,'A Never Falls MORPHIA. LUNS. FOR W HOUING 0, RESTORER Coe° 1.,'" IT ACTS LIKE A OW pChildren like it. ESTORER Never Fails ORB 1 QI2D. porrO• _L c) lIA WS I_,,""ipESTORER NEVER PROVES ITS via .1 Ili Registered ESTABLISHED 40 .. GI v ES INSTANT NIVO RELIEF FAILS FAILS'

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Glee, Croyd7;i To Mr, THOMAS HALL.—" DEAR SIR,—I ant poi', testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your m 0 RESTORER, which I hlve given to several child:001" my Home—in two cases partilularly its effects were loos having cured most obstintte Coughs. I shall be to recommend it to all my friends. nr 110 'O9 CAUTION.- When you ask, ask for a Bottle LUNG RESTORER, dont be persuaded to accoPt 4 else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genoindrist* appears my Trade Mark (the figure of HoPE) and 0.. Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovations. gsttl7o Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere. ~,in,.„,09„ is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any 0f I' t; obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on receiPu or the amount. !from! 'MOS, HALL, 24, Queen Otreet, London

===== 0002601_18960523_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ct t• , s

===== 0002601_18960523_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0

===== 0002601_18960523_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3 L 4

===== 0002601_18960523_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A 0

===== 0002601_18960523_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL MEN _ ARE LIARS.

--- - • ) writes a Por-lar Auth,r. Wot so bade, that I hope, although I must adroit sorno /lien are wickt-s1 liars ; in fact, it's only by accident tli,v Cr speak the truth. It is not a lie when Grim, the 11versal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street ; 19, and 21, Hilton-street, Mawhester, t des that he never attempts to put before the public common new London ; tnade tubbi h, more like orange boxes, for high-class second-hand it is not a lie when Gershon states that he !aver'attempts to trespass upon his neigkbour's business. by should he? It only causes a bad feeling. Gershon's thotto is live and let live. He sticks to the one thing he Understands, namely, furnishing. If you can't furnish with a Irian that understands his business, you cannot do so with men that don't. Gershon has for years cautioned the publlc sigainst buying common new London furniture for second 'hand, and he still does so. However distasteful it may be to others, Gershon still takes hi 3 stand upOn the rock of Honesty and Justice," which are i'he guiding principles of buainesa, and irom ehich precots time nor tide will cause him to recede TRRMS OF BUSINEs'S. • RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSToMERS. GOODS STORED FRIG'. TILL REQUIRED. REAEMBEIi." Any lot Advertised may be had on the deferred payment tystem without any extra charge. Goods exchanged if not satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will Durchatie or take in exchange a single article or ..tomplete Louses of furniture. COMPARE PRICES.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. Mr. GERSHON is a great admirer of keen comptti- tot he strongly objects to others copying his advertise- tnetits. Its nu; and to those that have nz,t the brain Power to write their own, Mr. Gersholt 'will do so for them.

REVOLUTION EIN TH FURNISHING TRADE. No extra charge or credit, and's:per cent. allowed for Vrompt cash. Mr. ble:shon is anxioesly waitiug to sec, what ,Unscrupulous shopkeeper will copy this.

HVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. -- MARVELLOVS BARGAINS. GERSHON'S CAUTION. When in searchxf genuine second-hand goods doet be de- `ceived had have new common stuff, m re like orange boxes, Palmed on to yen. When I have second-hind fcrniture I Rive the names and addresses, and delft simply -say I get 'them from this place and th‘t place, You 'night as well 1 look for a neeloile in a truss of hay as look for the late owner. ; Don't forget *hat the popular authorairote, " All men are • Hui:" NO,EIXTRA OHAEGE FOR CREDIT. WVE PERCENT. ALLOWED FOR PROVIPT CASH. , Out of the amber of mansions, hotels, apd houses I have. eallecond-hand goods from. thelollowing may be mentioned. CALL AND INSPECT THE <GOODS FLOM— HAYESLKIGH, OLD TRAFFORD PRINCE OF WALES MOTEL, HARROGATE. HOWE' LODGE, ALEXANDRA PARK. FULSHAW BANK. WILMSLOW. CARLTON-STREET,. M 056 SIDE. MRS: GOLLOTT, WISM - LOW. MRS: THOKBURN„ 'UPPER BROOK-ETRICET, LED 'OTHERS.

BARGAINS GREAT AND NV ONDERPUL. snnat complete Ifouse••of Furniture,-tonsistingf the Whole furhiture for three irooms, +sitting-room, bedroom.; full size bedstead. mattress bed.tolster, pillows, 'sheets, blankets, bolster case, pllow slips, and kitohen complete, all likesnew; Price 14 guineas. No extra charge on the deferred payment IlYstem. Fly, per cent. for prompt cash. Call and inspect them. No harm done•if you don% buy.

MARVELLOUS V ALU E A Charming House efl-Furniture, really like new. it nonsists of dining-room sandin leather, ,extending dining- table, carpet, rug, fender. fire brasses, lace curtains, 'window Pole complete, magnificent bedroom suite (not painted, solid Wood), enclosed dressing-table, large'bevelled glass attached; enclosed washstand, marblenlab tile back, and 'bevelled *having mirror, therform two completa chest of drawers ; Tull-size handsome black 'and brass bedstead, wire spring Mattress, bed, bolster. pillows, sheets, blankets, pillow slips, bolster cases, toilet *et, carpet, completefurniture far kitchen. clorcloth for same, ditto for lobby and stairs. Call and nisPeCt the lot. Get a reomplete list, and you will say they are a marvel of cheapness for'2l guineas. No extra charge On the deferred payment system. Five per cent allowed for Prompt cash.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street :(next to the Adelphi Bank). Manchester. Charming Drawing-room lot, in porfect condition, con- , slating of handsome Snite, just been re-covered in one of the most fashionable coverings: the charming Cobinet to tnatch, lovely Overmantel, two'Tanics, Carpets and Rug, • Pender and Fire Brasses. all complete and ready for fit- ting up. A superior drawing-room well worth £5 i.dellvered • for 24 guineas. NO EXTR A. CHARGE TOR CREDIT. FIVE PER CENT ALLOWED FOR PROMPT CASH.

G..ERSHON, THE UNIVERSAL FURNISH- TR . ING CONAiCTOR, 44, Okiham-st., next to the Adelphi Rink, Manehester.

VROM ONE of the ABOVE ADDRESSES. Remarkably handscme Solid Walnut Bedroom Suite. rtimilisting of full 61t. wardrobe with two robing bevelled rs reaching from,plynth to cornice, fitted with drawers, oft rd a and hanging,compartments ; magnificent pedes- `.l dressing table, fitted with eightdmwers in the 'pedestals large bevelled Olasssttached supported by carved bran- ; large size pedestal washstand, fitted with cupboards in Pedestals; bedside pedestal ',with napkin drawer, t )wel `. alld three charmicg upholstered chairs. The suite is guaranteed solid throughout. Well worth.BEo ; packed, war- ranted, and deliveredior 24 ..guineas. No extra charge for flredit, five per cent. allowed for prompt cash. Gershon, Universal Furnishing Oontractor, Oldbaw.-stroet, next to Adelphi Bank, Manchester. OHRSIION 4LLOW3 FIVE PER CENT DISCOUNT FOR

===== 0002601_18960523_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
vitompr Ia&EIH.

ANUMBER cif Bedroom Suites, ..just like new, from a hotel, in solid American Walnut, Bur Walnut, Satin Walnut, Olive Wood, Bird's Eye.als,ple. English Ash, Mahogany. Cyprus, and « flier •woods. Bach suite includes a superior wardrobe, well-fitted and plate-glass door, bevelled; 4tessing table with 'bevelled glass attached, some enclosed, '"ute open, and some with side reflectors ; -double washstand vith marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving mirror; ,bedside cupbesrd, chairs, and lowel airer ; the prices are 18. .t 6 14. 12.10 and 8 guine t the suite, pack3d and delivered. 2ach suite is worth double. Five percent. for prompt cash. yr« extra for credit. ,Call and inspe2t th^„m. GERSHON, Universal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-stteet, next to r the Adel Phi Bank, Manchester.

GRAND BAAGAIN IN DINING-ROOM SUITE. Aft the wend work is guaranteed solid, spring stuffed, covered in dark grain leather' all in perfect order; the covering is .new ; packed and delivered, £4 18s 64. Chartulu4 Suite, in saddle bags, all new cover- ing, extra strong Nand frames ; grandlitrgain for 5 guineas. Several Sideboards, in variou's quoods, at marvellously low Prices, with bevelled glass backs; from £4 10s to £6O. Dining Tables, all sizes and all woods; from '24s. Second-hand Carpets, Rugs, Fenders and ievery requisite for complete furnishing. at GERSHON'S, 'tier UNIVERSAL FURNISH- ING CONTRACTOR. 44, OLDHAM-STREET, next to the Adelphl Bank, MANCHESTER. ALL ARE INVITED TO WALK THROUGH.

RESULT OF UNEI A P,13.Y MARRIAGE, DIVORMI PROCENDINGS, ao.„ perhaps the most favourable opportunity ever offered to those about furnishing In good style is the present. The furnishing in qu.'stion has been removed from a very large house in the vicinity of Ply- Mouth Grove, and everything •wastnade to order only 14 tnonths ago by one of the beet .houses lathe city. The prices quoted are exactly one-half the cost. Nothing like is full des- cription can be given. Inspectdort is inaited. Firstly the hall Is furnished with a grand dark mahogany Louis stand and, pair chairs to match; price 9 guineas. The dining-room Ii in solid black walnut 'of magnificent ant uncommon design. To attempt anything like a description would be a waste of time"; to say the least. it is the most charming and Unique, the dining-table extending with (atm leaves, ; sup- 'Ported. by -square legs, which are beautifully carved the over- Mantel is such that can only be wade by workmen of the thighest standard ;itis a work of art. Next comes the truly magnificent Suite, which, of course are also in solid black walnut, and-consists of 12 standard Chairs (the price quoted ifs for six chairs, more can be had if required), with double- Padded backs, two extra large lounge chairs, and a grand couch, of large size, sideboard alone is worthß6o Os 9d. the whole furmirsg a noble lot for high-class dining-room. Price ' 68 guineas. I have also the carpets, paintiags, and engravings from the same room. The drawing room is furnished in the lataitt style, and surpasses everything for elegance I have .'ever seen. Fivatly, the Curio display cabinet at once, strikes you as being a marvel of beauty and workmanship. It Possesses all the requirements ot such an artistic articlet Next eomes the handsome music cabinet with face frond and various diviskats, lined with plush ; two curious shape tables, with fancy cat and carved legs; the overmantel, With diamond-shaped glasses, and recesses for the display 'Of nick-necks ; lastiy, but by no means the least, the truly .ItregZictr; t state ot double gondola settee, for any part of two charming easy chairs, four occasional chairs, tWo gossipy chairs. All are upholster.d in a rich silk tapestry, with raised Cowers and sprays, and finished with are e iieuoirtaw Cord and gimp. It may ba remarked that these fittings for only a high-class drawing-room. There are in All nine bedrooms, spastic prevents all being described. The 'best room of all. I may here state, is suitable for a lady of titieor a lore, it cost £l2), and is offered for 63gs. The suite 'ls simply ras,guificent, the wood is perfeAty solid bright- Polished walnut of the oholcest quality, the wardrobe is 71ft wide, fitted at either and with hanging compartments 'w.bleh are enelased with brilliant bevelhd Vaxhan plate glass 'or shield shape, between the Mors are drawers, and aoove "e blaY-shaped.cupboards, with massive carved panel', which ltt ortue oisplays great dexteritq with the chisel, the whole is irTvned with a ecrnice of tower like shape,the dressing table 441 t 6in, wide, psdestal design, and ray-shaped between is E' Pedestals, which are fitted with drawers, the glass, which I,...PPorted by carved brackets, is shield shape and extra .:"ge. Next comes the 4tt 6in hay-shaped washstand, with fuoarble slab, tile, and glass back. about 4ft high, the pedestal • "el rail and upholstered chairs forms one of the finest money can bir,g• There ace eight other bedrooms ▪ Ich contain suites at all prices, 'some as low as 4 guineas uci some at 14, 18, and 25 guineas' The suite from the breakfast room is in saddle bags, price I°4ll4loas ; dining table, Rs ; sideboard. £7 15s; two recesses of ca'es• 76s each. Another carve 4 oak bookcase and a host Other atticles are on view. Carpets, rugs, fenders, orna.- inent e• Paintinge, china, arid glass, all removed to 44, Old- amrstreet, Manchester.

DON'T FORGET. nON'T MA Kg ANY EXTRA CHARGE FOR P4Oe...REDITT , AND ALLOW FIVE PER CENT FOR aP OA.SH.

ci-EnsuoN, UNIVERSAL FURNISHING CONTRACTOR, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER. lok NEXT TO THE ADELPEII BANK, and 'tnd 21. HILTON-STREET, all adjoining and corn "Inleitting with 44, Oldham-street, Manchester,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Clf T.Y 014 RS.

IMlii

===== 0002601_18960523_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
lILWAN TIME TA BLE.

. ROM WktRINGTON TO

- •• - Brid-7 10,7 36, 828, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 15, 5 420, Suutly,t-s 10 15 a.m. Altnr and-flilltiouse--rE. 12, 8 31,a11 15, 1.a3 1.5,a 40, a6' at 9 Sunlayr, 9 36, 2 5,t 50. a Stops if reqtarect. Birmina•tm (L NAV.)a3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0,3. 50, 5 15, 7 20, 11 35. Su,ndays 3 0.10 15, 4 2C, 11 35, aDleildays only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 14, 9 3E, 11 55, 1255, 30, 50,

5, 1152: Sundays n 46, 4 25,5 15 p.m. Blackburn -2 37,.5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 12 25, 2 25, 445 1 6 14, 847 102. Suneays 843. 60. Blackpool-5 25, 6 45, 835, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 45, '614, 1 17, 84, 102. Suudays227, '8 43 60. Bo!ton-5 45,8 25.9 19.10 0, 1040,1 15, 3 20,4 21, 6 25, 9 1. Sundays 843 a..”- ~ 5 0.7 47, p.m. Carlisle-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 56, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 2 37, 3 35 Chester-7 42,9 5,10 23,12 7.12 15,1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 5 11. 64, 7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 844 a.m.? 45,11 32. bArpley. 'Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 5 30, 3 48, 55, 6'20, 78, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 8 41, 60. Crewe-a3t, b 3 23, 7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 960, 10 45, 12 -9, 1 50, 35, 3 20, .5 15, 720, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, 11 35. aMondays excepted. bltlondays only. Daresbury---1 42, 9 5. 1215, 152, 3 13, 5 'll, 6 4, 742, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Isidland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12'55, 20, 50,11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Barlesteyf n-5 47,7 10,8 25,8 35,9.25.10 5,10 10, -IC 20, 10 43, 12 7,12 25. 1 15,3 30,3 48, 5, 525 6.20,7 8. 9 25.13 20. Sun- days,7 4C-,3 35, 8 43,a.m. 4 56,6 0, 47,9 45 p.m. Edinburgh-2 40. 520. 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15 Sundays. Z 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 38. 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55. 3 33. SZZ, 6 17,80, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 59. Frodsham-7 42, 95, 10,23, 12 15, 152, 3 13.4 22, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Gaccton (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 56. 831. 95.12 '0 15. 2 10. 40, 70, 80. c 930, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- dsys3 0, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 16. dSaturdays only. cSaturdays excepted. a4asgow-2 40. 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12.35. 2 25, a 4tS, 11) 15. Sundays 2 40, a.m. 9 45. Golborne-5 45,7 10,8 35, 1040,12 25, 1 15,3 48, 5 25, 7 17, 925 10 10. Sundays 243.6 0. Hougrs Green-7 12, 756,6 31, 95. a 9 30,120. 1 5,2 10,4 0 6,0, 70, 79, 80, 59 30, alo 20. Sunday 90, 11 25, 2 39, / 13, 9 18. aMondays and Saturdays only t.F.aturdays excepted. c Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 14, 70,9 15 Sundays 8 56, 10 12. 320, 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,9 0, 9 68, 10 49, 12 36. 1 16. 3.38. 4 11, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, P 13. Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 18. nSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W,)-3 La, 532. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 105, 127, 1 15, 348. 55, 620 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 35, 5 30, 8 35, 843, 328, 486, 60, 945. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,9 43, 105, 1153,1 55, 3 30; 5 12,6 17,8 0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40,7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 .36, 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 31. 8 50,9 5, 950, 1024, 1030, 1050, 1150. 120, 1250, 125.7, 15. 141, 150, 210,250,38. 337, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 550, 616. 650, '7O, 750 80, 850.96, 920, 10 15 1046. alllo, 11. 39 Sundays 435,5 30, 9 0,-946, 1125. 220, 2 39, 7 10, 830,9 18, 20 18, 10 33. ahlxcept Mondays. London (L.& N .-W.)--a3 0, 5323. 735. 950. 1045, 120 150.3 20,5 15, 11 36. Sundays 3 0, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays excepted. tgondays. only. London (Midland)--6 14,159, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. Sundays 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. Lymra-6 20, 7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,1 16, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18,5 40c 6 13. 78. a 7 .45.9 13. Sundays 859, 38, 8 16. aSattudays only. 'From Arpley Station. cWednesdays.and Thursdays excepted, Manchester (L. S 4.-W.)-2 45, a 3 10, 54 46, 5 45. 7 1.0 8 25, 9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 2 0.3 20, 4 21, 5 25, 6 5 717.9 5, 1020. Sundays 3 10, '7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 6 20,7 47. From High Level Platform. alllondays only, kliondays ex_ cepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-.6 20 7 20,? 56,8 57, 9 65, 10-46, 1 14,3 35, 4 9. 6 10. 7 5, 910, 11 40. Sundays 846. 3 6. 8 15,11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester .(Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 14, 8 55, 9 2 9 55, 1055, 11 25, 11.55, 1255. 155 255, 3 55, 4 65, 555 655,7 0, 755, 8 12, 8 55, 9 25, 9 55, alOO, 31115, 11 50, .1157 a. Sundays 2 56,9 37, 10.12, 35, 3 20, 5 15, 7 18, 8 65, 9 22, 9 35, 10 0. aSaturdayfronly. Middleavicti-7.35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Moore-7 35,160,235. 535, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 45a,3 10c. a 4 45, 5 45,7 10,8 35,9 19, 100, 1040, 1214, 1225, 1 15. 3 20, 348, 421, 6 25, 6 25, 7 17.95, 9 25,10 10,1020. Sundays 3 10.7 40, 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 50,6 0, 7 47, 9 45. ',a-Mondays only, cMaadays excepted. Parlgate-7 0, '755,3 14,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 12 27,/ 44, 2 17,3 55, 5 28,7 0,, 8-12.9 15. Sundays 8 56. 10 12, 360, 5 159 35. Preston-23?. 529, 545, 835, 955. 114 12 25, 25, 3 48,-445, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays, 37, 8 43, 3 35, 60 43 45. Runcorn-7 38.8 25,9 43, 11 53,1 55, 3 30. 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 110, 12 0, 15, 2 10, 2 58,4 0. 5 29, a 6 O. 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20,1046. Sun- days 90, 11.25. 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -855, .1555, .1227, 155, 46, 655. Sundaya-5 5 p.m, St. Helens-5 32, 7 10,8 20,8 35,10 5, 10 40, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 55,,620,78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 836. 8-43,-4 56,6 0, 945 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, 114, 315,40, 63, 65,7 9, 9 10, Sundays 9 36,2 5,8 50, aSaturdays ..only. Thetwall-6. 20, 722,80. 9 0, 958, 10 49;1236,1 18,338,4 11, 518, 613. 78.07 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- aye only. -From Arpley Station. Whirrea (Oheshire Lines)-7 56, 8 31,9 5,10 5,11 0,12 0,1 5 10,258, 40, 5 29, 60, 70, 80, 9 10, r. 9 30, 6102). Sun- days 90,9 36,.239, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. ,bSaturdays *idnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38. 325, 9 43, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 330, 5 12,6 17, 8.0, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48. 2 40, 750. Wigan-2 37, 5.29, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 25, 125. :3448, 445, 5 25. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 25, .10 2, .10 10. Sundays 2 37, 8.43, 3 35, 60, 9 45.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Aetoeißrldge—:6-36;"7 45-, 8 52, 11 43, 57, 440, 8 44, 829 Sundays '7,53, 4,32. Altoar And Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18. 8 24, 954. Sundays

£O. 2 26,S 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)--3 10. 5 50,1 20, a 0, 1130,3 40, 5 50, 72.5.10 15, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 8 50, 959,1130, 123, 240, 545 646.510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. &Ric- opt Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 850, 1048, 1 55.2 40..4.20,5 347 55, 10 12, 12.35, ndays 80, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45. .55, 1035, 35, 7 10, 5 35, 100. Sundays 725, 1 35. 5 15.-8.40. Blaaknool (Central)-8 0, 827, 8 55, 9 55..10 10, 20, 2 50, 445, 655, 815. Sundays? 10, 1 20. 4 55.8 50, Bolton-5 45, 80, 840, 915, 10 35.12 35..2 20, 415, 510. 5 55, 830. Sundays 8 20 a.m.,6 10, 920 p.m. Carlis-12 5, 12 10a, 6 50. 8 40, 12 50,1 40, 4 22,5 38,8 41. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays only, Chester-2 0,2 32, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10,250, 3 45. 55. 5 30, 6 35. 735, 835. Sundays 20, 2 32, 6 30,a,m,-6 50, p.m. aSaturdays only. Collins Green-6 39,7 16.8 42,10 9.11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 3 10, 528. 6 23, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 8 10. a.m„.7 15. , trewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11,5, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 410,5 25,5 40,6 5,8 5,9 20. Sundays 2 1, 4 55,7 10.2 40,4 0,9 12* Darestuary-8 16. 10 17, 11 43,1 2 47, 5 24, 8 13. Sundays 21,.a.m..7 37 p.m. Derby--8 15, 1020. 110, 35,350,445,70, 83, a 1235 3_33. Sundays 7 30. 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. alikoopt

Mondays. Earlestcwn-6 59, 720. 843, 932, 1013, 1131. 12 41 12 50.18,1 47,2 15, 3 14,3 21,5 8,520,5 53,6 37,7 14,7 38.9 20 1050. Sundays 8 24, 9 59, 40, 7 3). 9 27. Edinburgh-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 910 Fiddler's .Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43. 1224. Z 17, 32i 57.6 2. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57. 87. Frodsban2-7 55, 93, 102. 1127, 2 32. 4 IT, 527,657,757 Sundays 6 59..a.m. 7 16 p.m. Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627, 7 42, 90.9' 50. 1040, 125. 12:86, 213, 35, 420. 4 56. 59, 5 56. 657, 93, 11 21- Sundays 823. 910, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 651. 8.64. Glasgaw-1010,20, 555, 95. Sundays k 60, 95. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 28,2 41, 4 66,5 35,7 15,9 1, 1042. Sundays 940.75. Hough Green-6 40,7 55, 8 25, 99, 10 3,1 0,1 54. 2 24, 3 19' 50 5 23. 7. 7 11, 94, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 920. 331 9 55,410. Irlamz.ud Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 51, 5 4,,8 52, 11 20 Sundays 19 59. 6 53, 8 35. 100. Latchford-8 13. 840, 932 105. 11 17, 120, al 45. 213 30.4 22, 1541, 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sunda.ys 833 33,7 33. aSaturdays only. bbaturdays exoepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)—a2 .35. 60. 8 0. 9 20. 11 50, 1 30, 30. 430 5 35,6,35, 105, .11 15. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, a.m. 6 50. 8 40. 'Mondays only. *Saturdays only. Via Widnes-6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55, 1235, 1 30. 2 40, 3 35.4 20, 520, 65. 6 10,10 45. Sundays 745, 2 10. 7 20. 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 20. 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 935,9 38. 10 35 11 30.11 35,11 55, 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 10,1 50,20. 2 30, 3 45. 4 30, 4 40, 4 50. 5 30. 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30, 8 0 830, 8 40. 9 30.. alo 45. 11 0. 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 230, 2 55,4 20,6 30,8 30,833,9 35. a Mondays and Sat/inlays .only. London (L. & N.-W.)--515, 7 15,10 10,1210.2 10,4 10, 530, 10 0, 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50,100, 12 0. London (Midland.)-5 15. 10 5. 12 0, 20, 40,50, a 9 15 112 0. Sundays 5 15, 12 0. a except Mondays Lymm-8 5 852, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9. 1 11. a 137, 2 5., 250 4 14. 55 33. 5 SS, 6 41. 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 225, 715. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 O. 11 25, 15, 2 2,3 0. 3 £5,4 25,5 Q. 5 10, 7 5.9 20,10 40. Sundays 8 0, 830. 9 0, 9 50, a.m. 6 0, 10 40. From Exchange. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35 15, 20, 3 40, 555, 5 20. 6 5. 7 5, 8 55, 1045.; Sundays 7 40, 1 40, 630. sSaturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Linee)-6 48, 7120, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 935, 10 30, 10 45. 1130. 1230, 12 45, 130. 230, 330,430 530, 6 30, 6 38.7 30. S 30, 833, 9 55, alo 50,11 0. Sun- d4 Ba4y;, 830, 9 10, 9 30,10 40.1. 40,2 0 2 5,6 40, 8 15..9 49. anon- days and Saturdays only, Middlewich-6 48, 11 37. 2 42, 6 1. Moore-7 0, 96. 11 57, 3 20. 4 55, 6 57. Sundays 3is Newton-le-Willows.-6 55, 7 30. 8 42, 924. 10 9. 11 23 10.52. 1 6,1 30,3 0, 4 7.4 58,5 5,5 49,6 27,7 30.7 35, 9 9,) 9 55, 10.0 Sundays 8 30. 949. 100, a.m. 3 55,7 20, 11 5, Padgate-7 51, 8 26, 90. 10 6, 19. 2 5,5 17, 73, 9 16. Su/I- dly 853, 1120, 2 32, 9 12. 1013, Preston-02 11, 52 36.5 50,6 25,95, 939, 1120, 1128, 246 4 25, 7 59, 9 30.10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, 10 46 aliondays excepted. bMunday mornings only Runcorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, I 6 29, 8 29. Sankey (for Penketh)-6 51. 8 6 8 41. 9 25, 10 19, 11 24. 112 36, 136,2 5,2 40. 3 44. 4 25,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 8 49, 3 43, 5 7, 9 23, (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line —ll 0, 2 0, 4 55. 65. Sundays 8 15. St. Helene-6 25, 70, 828, 9 18, 9 55,11 15,12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 1 55, 255, 445, 5 15, 610. 70, 90, 10 30, *ll2O Sunday 7 50, 9 35,a,m.. 6 55, 9 5. *Saturdays only. Southport (Lord Street) —8 10, 10 20, 11 25, 10. 2 15. 2 50, 3 55, 10. 65,a9 0. 9 35. Sundays 90, 25, 80. aSatut- days only. Thelwall— 89, 8 36, 9 28, 10 10, 1113. 115, al 41, 29, 255; 4 18, 5537, 63, 6 45, 745. 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, 2 29, 7 19. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Widnes (L. & N.-WO-7 5, 8 56, 9 33,10 33, 12 16,1 4, 2 10, 5 20. 40.5 0, 5 55, 6 48, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 824. 2 50, 7 59, 11 6. Widnes Cheshire Lines)-8 30, 9 15, 10 9, 1112. 12 25. 1 25, 230. 3.35 4 25,. 5 29.6 12, 7 16.7 56,9 10, 9 25. all 42 Sundays 8 42, 3 36,5 0. 9 7,9 20. aOn Saturaays only. Wigan-2 41. 35. 633, 8 15. 9 31, 10 10, 11 23, 12 15, 2 50, 4 25. 454. 5 25, 75, 8 52,10 30. Socdays 2 11, 9 30, a.n1..3 40. 6 55, 1113.

LIFE IN THE FIREPLACE.

The object lecsons we have in life are so numerous and familiar that we naturally pass them by without notice. As we iaok at an open fire, for instance, few of us think of the principle of human life which is there revealed. Wilun the fire burns low, we throw on a litt#o kindling, and think no more about it. The fire soon burns brighty again, and the lesson is unheeded. When you notice that the fire of life burns feebly,why tdo you not remember the kindling ? Here is a lady— well known in the community in which she lives—who learned how to kindle this human flame. She writes :

"In glancing through the testimonials in a pamph- let, I read with interest cue which (=responded to the case of my little girl new fifteen tuonths old. At six months she was a really beautiful baby, but after she was weaned I was greatly disappofiated at the little pro- gress she made. She was not is any way ill, and was decidedly agood-tempered child., but made ibsolutely no progress, although I devoted •inv entire time to her. I cJuld not think it right that 41 child so well taken care of, and so much in the fresh air, should lose flesh in spite of apparent good health. When she was seven months old she had cut four , teeth, but in the next five months cut only one more. At this time when baby was a year old, I began giving her Scott's Emulsion. I have much pleasure in saying that she improved in a marvellous manner. Baby took the Emulsion with evident enjoyment, and I may say it was just what she needed to give her flesh, strength, and vitality. —Yours very truly, (signed), MRS. GEORGE HAN- DEL, Marsden, Whitstable, Kent, December, 19th, 1895."

The point to emphasise in Mrs. Handel's letter is that, although she devoted her entire time to her baby, it did not make any progress. There was no evidence of disease or any tangible ailment, but it was none the less evident that something was wanting. You have read her letter. You know what started the fire burning brightly again. It was kindling. There are probably millions of babies in the world who are not making any progress. They all need Scott's Emulsion to restore the blush of health and make dimples when they laugh. If you are a father or mother, you know what rosy cheeks mil dimples mean.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SNTURDAY, MAY 23, 189 a

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

in the House of Commons on Monday, Sir J. Gonsr,in answer to several questions, said it would not be prac- ticable to introduce clauses dealing with the superannua- tion of teachers into the Education Bill; and the Govern- ment did not see their way to introduce a Teachers' Pension Bill until after the provisions of the Education Bill had been settled by the House. In reply to Mr. P. A. M'Huou, Mr. BALFOUR said the question of an amnesty to the Irish treason-felony ,prisoners had already been discussed this session, and the decision of the Home Secretary given upon it. He did not, therefore, think it would be possible under pre- sent circumstances to renew a debate on the same sub- ject. Sir W. WEDDERBURN asked the Secretary for India if he would disallow the Cotton Duties Act. 1896, and the Act to amend the Indian Tariff Act .if 1894, on the ground that they increased the burden of taxation on the poorest class in India,while lightening the burden on those who were comparatively well-to-do. Lord G. fLunurox said the additional taxation upon a very small proportion of cotton cloth consumed in India repre- sented an infinitesimally small increase of cost to the in- dividual purchaser, while, on the other hand, the duty on yarns had been abolished. Under all the circum- stances he did not propose to advise the Government of , India to remit the duties recently imposed by the Legis- lature. Not regarding the answer as satisfactory, Sir W. Wedderburn moved the adjournment of the House. The whale of the Opposition, except the front beach, ' rose in support of the motion, and Sir W. WIDDERBURN proceeded to call attention to the effect of the Indian cotton duties as recently rearranged, which were said to be "causing grave dissatisfactiou in India by increasing the burden of taxation imposed on the poorest classes of consumers." Sir J. Leng seconded the motion which, after statements by Lord G.Hamilten and Sir H.Fowler, was withdrawn.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the Reuse of Commons on Tuesday, the London and North-Western Railway Bill was ordered for third reading, the Speaker having ruled out of order motions relating to third-class accommodation between Euston and Holyhead. Replying to Mr. MaIIGAN, Sir M. WatTs RIDLEY said he had no evidence that the shooting of homing pigeons was systematic, ner bad he reason to believe the police required to be reminded of their duty in the matter. Mr. CHAMBERLLIE informed Mr. Edmund Robertson that the form of the inquiry which the Government pro- posed to institute into the conduct of the British South Africa Company had onot yet been finally decided upon. In committee on the Agricultural Rating Bill, con- sideration of Mr. LuttrelPs amendment to tzeinpt from half the rates agricultural buildings as well as agricul- tural lands was resumed. Sir WILLIAI2. HABCOLIET ridi- culed the proposal, and said it was calculated to benefit the landlords. The .GSANCELLOft of the Exchmiultit declined to accept the amendment.which was negatived by a majority of 273. Mr. Ronsox proposed an amend- ment restricting the relief given by the bill to land let at an annual rent of less thanl an acre,but after some dis- cussion this was negatived by a majority of 63. Mr. Beraroug then moved that the words down to "pay one- half"stand out of the bill,and this was finally carried by a majority of 57. Mr.D.T.IIOMAS moved to leave out "one halt" and insert three-quarters, the object being to re- quire the occupiers of agricultural land to pay three quarters instead of one-half of the present rate. This was ,negatived by a majority of 76.

In the House of Lords, the Reserve Forces Bill was read a second time, and the Elouse went into committee on the Divorce Amendment Bill. An amendment to Clause 1 by Lord Gricathorpe to prohibit the remarriage of persons found gnilty of adultery by a superior court was negatived without a division, and the bill after- wards passed through committee. The Locomotives on Highways Bill and the Derelict 'Vessels Report Bill also passed through committee.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

The Agricultural Land Rating Bill was again ccnlsi" dered in Committee in the House of COMMOIRS on Wed- nesday. On clause 1 Mr. Lloyd-George ved a n amendment to provide that relief should be given only mo in the case of land out of which, owing to depression in agriculture, no rent had been derived for the three years next before the passing of the Act. The amend- ment was rejected by 190 votes to 82. The Chairman (Mr. J. W. Lwther) then ruled a page and a half of amendments out of order on the ground that they pro- posed alterations in the general law of assessment and the law of landlord and tenant, and also that the Com- mittee had already decided in the bill that the occupier should only be Habil to half the rate. Mr. Lloyd- George moved an amendment to except the poor rate from the operation of the bill. The amendment was supported by Sir H. Fowler and Sir W. Har- court, both of whom described the proposal in the bill as a first step towards a national poor rate. After further debate Mr. BALFOUR moved the closure. which was carried by 238 votes to 119, and the amend- ment was rejected by 246 votes to 112. Two minor amendnaents having been withdrawn, the question was put that clause 1 stand part of the bill. Mr. J. A. PEASE moved its rejection. Mr. BALFOUR again moved the closure, which was carried by 249 votes to 117, and the motion that the clause should stand part of the Bill was carried by 248 votes to 111. The clause was then agreed to, progress was reported, and the House resumed.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

NOT RAVING CONTROL.-At the Warrington County Petty Sessions, on Wednesday, William Owen, Warring- ton, was fined is. and costs for not having proper con- trol of his horse at Poulton on the 14th May by being 150 yards from it.—A similar charge was brought Against Thomas Tomlinsan,who said that he was deliver- ing bread at a house 150 yards away and the wheel of his cart was locked for safety.—Mr. John Eck.rsley, Warrington, defendant's employer, said there was no nearer way ot getting to the house in question without leaving the cart. He did not consider there was any danger as the wheel of the vehicle was locked on each occasion.—The magistrates ordered defendant to pay the costs.--James Rafter was charged with committing a similar offence at Poulton by being 30 yards from his horse on the 30th April.—He pleaded guilty and was fined is. and costs.

An inquest was held on Wednosday on the body of Alice Allison,the young woman who was shot by her husband,the manager of the Rising Sun public-house in the Strand,London. It was stated that two brothers of Allison had committed suicide,and that he said on Sun- day night he had gone out one day to do as his brother,, had done. Miss Archer,barmaid,said Mr. and Mrs. Alli- son did not appear to agree very well. The cook at the Rising Sun spoke to a complaint made by the deceased, and that her husband took more notice of Miss Archer than of her. A police constable dr posed that Allison told him he shot his wife through jealousy. The inquiry was adjourned. Allison is still in the hospital suffering from a gunshot wound self-inflicted after the murder of his wife.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

Flower farming undertaken by women ir by no means unlucrative. One lady is doiwg well with a violet farm and apple orchard. Another lady, no longer young, but with an indomitable pluck, compelled by circumstances to make her own living, started a lily farm in a remote Fu sex village. She is succeeding wonderfully, and ebides her lilies, disposes of eggs, cream, mushrooms, and other garden produce without difficulty. She was, too, a London woman, who had had no previous experi- ence in country ways and doings.

Mark Twain's home in Hartford is a sort of pilgrim's shrine. Not long since a caller, a big, good-natured countryman—a butcher, as he introduced himself—after a few minutes' chat, asked Mark, 6' Now tell me for a fact, are you the one that wrote all them books ?" "Truly I am," said Mark. "Of course you are ! Of course you are !" cried the honest fellow ; "but, by George, I shouldn't think it from your looks !" Whereat Mark was hugely tickled, says the author of a " Cen- tury " character-sketch.

A Mormon choir is travelling on the Pacific Coast. Two daughters, one son-in-law, and several grandchil- dren of Brigham Young are members of the choir. They have one hundred and seventy•five singers.

Paderewski never signs an agreement, and he has never failed to keep an engagement except through serious illness. It is a peculiarity of his that he cannot pass a blind man without giving him alms.

A brakesman on the Erie Railway, a few days since, caught a spark on the back of his celluloid collar as his train entered a station : the collar took fire and exploded with a loud report. He seized the collar with both hands and tore it from his neck,and thereby was burned severely on the face, neck, and hands. Be will be dis- abled for some time.

A correspondent of the " Daily Chronicle "writes : " I have good reason to believe that the key of famous cipher despatches fell into the hands of the Boer Govern- mens as the result of a curious accident. Among the Johannesburg prisoners in Pretoria Gaol is a Mr. Wet,or e,e %Vet (White ?). Not long ago a criminal confined in the gaol having served his time was discharged, and on departing took with him Mr. de Wet's overcoat instead of his own. He soon found cut his mistake, but his at- tention was attracted to what appeared to be a quantity of papers sewed in the lining. In the hope, perhaps, that it was money in the form of banknotes, he ripped open the lining, and discovered, not banknotes, but the long-lost key of the cipher despatches which the Trans- vaal officials had so long been searching for."

In a certain fashionable and well-known West-end thoroughfare an elderly but energetic individual may be seen sweeping a crossing from half-past ten in the morning until noon, and again from seven to eight p.m. At first sight there would seem to be nothing startling in this, but a certain romantic and pathetic interest at- taches to it from the fact that the crosing-sweeper is related to two well-known public men, both in Parlia- ment, one of them a Junior Lord of the Treasury, and that having no other means of subsistence he has chosen the honourable, if humble, method of livelihood des- cribed above, and has selected for his" pitch" that por- tion of the thoroughfare which leads from the front door of one of these more happily situated relatives.

Lord Wolseley has jest issued a series of amen.iments of the Volunteer Regulations,amongst which there is an addition to the enrolment procedure as follows : " Every person offering himself for enrolment will be re- quired to pass a physical examination, which will be carried out by a medical officer of the corps. The chief points to be attended to in the examination are—(a) That his vision is sufficiently good to enable him to see clearly with his naked eye at the required distance, as laid down on Army Form I. 1,220. (b) That his hearing is good. (c) That his chest is capacious and well formed, and that his heart and lungs are sound." The regulations also state that the £2O outfit allowance for subalterns will be issued half on appointment and half after a month's successful instruction at a school or with the regular forces; that officers attending schools of in- struction,or with regular troops,will be allowed 8;. a day (10s. for submarine miners) ; that officers' allowance with marching columns,or in Cann), will be 4s. a day,in- stead of 2g.; and that in exceptional cases of corps or detachments desiring to encamp with regular forces at a distant military station,the Secretary for War will con- sider applications for the actual cost of travelling, if the corps make specially economical arrangements for their conveyance.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
A Belgian syndicate has purchased a vast tract of territory in the south of Argentine for the purpose of colonisation.

The" Revue Anglo-Romaine " states that the Golden Rose annually blessed at Easter by the Pope and sent to that one of the Catholic princesses who has particularly distinguished herself during the year for her devotion to the Chutch is to be sent to the Princess of Bulgaria," to recompense her for the noble firmness with which she endeavoured to prevent the apostasy of her husband."

Among his many other attributes, Shakespeare seems to have been very strongly prophetic. At the New York Electrical Exhibition on Saturday a telegraphic message was sent round the world in fifty minutes! Mr. Chau- ncey Depew wrote a despatch as follows :—" God created Nature's treasures and science utilizes electric power for the grandeur of the nations and the peace of the world." This was sent by President Chandler,of the Postal Tele- graphs Department, who was sitting at one side of a table in the Exhibition, and opposite him, at the other side of the table was Mr. Edison waiting t ) receive it after its long journey. Mr. Chandler transmitted it at 8.34 over the wires of the Western Union, through Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and thence to Van- couver,Winnineg,Montreal, Canso, and London,which it reached at 8.38. Thence it was sent through Lisbon, Gibraltar, Malta, Alexandria, Suez, Bombay, Madras, Singapore, Shanghai, Nagasaki,and Tokio. The message was returned by the same route,and was received by Mr. Edison in fifty minutes after Mr. Chandler had started it. The message was reported from each of the places mentioned as it reached it. This is the fastest piece of international telegraphinglever accomplished. The mes- sage cost at tariff rates 152 dots. 52 cents.

William Liebknecht, who has just come over to Eng- land on a lecturing tour' is, and always has been, one of the leading Socialists in Germany. Unlike Babel, his re- doubtable companion in arms—who only enjoyed a vil- lage school education, and is a turner by trade—Lieb- knecht studied at the university of Giessen,where he was born in 1826, and afterwards t Berlin and Marburg. Moreover, whereas Bebel only became converted to Socialism late in life, Leiblmecht may be said to have been a man of war in the cause from his youth upwards —either with pike or pen. In the revolutionary year 1848 he joined the Baden iasurgents,for which he subse- quently served a few months' imprisonment. After that, until 1862,he led a fugitive life in Switzerland and Eng- land, where,llke Kossuth, he acquired the mastery over our tongue which enables him to address British audi- ences as fluently almost as if they were German. His in- tercourse with Karl Marx in England intensified his Socialist convictions, and he hastened to join the move- ment organised by Lassalle.

A Russian paper states that no fewer than forty-nine lady singers, each of prima-donna rank, were engaged for the Coronation festivities. The fees paid to Mme. Sigrid Arnoldsou alone are said to be more than three thousand guineas for a short series. Saving Mme. Adelina Patti, no singer has commanded such terms in Russia.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE BY A GIRL.

On Wednesday morning at the Warrington County l'etty Sessions, before Captain Withington, Mr. S. It. Armitage, and Mr. W. Houghton, Mary Harrison, aged 15, a pit-brow girl residing with a Mrs. Barrett, at Collins Green, was charged with attempting to commit suicide by drowning herself in a pond at Burtonwood on the 17th May. Inspector Morgan said that the girl was 15 years of age and was living with her grandmother. Lately she had been courting a young man who had left her. The defendant had been teased about it, and she went and threw herself in a pit. He added that the girl had been in custody at his house since the 17th May and had seemed very penitent. A woman who lived with the girl's grandmother had promised to look after her. Thomas Makin, a fireman, living in Fa.lrclough-street, Burtonwoad, said that at 8 o'clock on Sunday night he was coming down Chapel-lane and saw three girls going over a style. Directly after he passed he heard a scream that someone was drowning. He immediately went to the spot and found the girl Harrison in a pond of water up to her neck. Witness got hold of her arms and pulled her towards the side. Defendant said " Don' pull me out. Let me drown. It's through Jack .71 He persuaded the other girls to take her home. Defendant promised the bench not to act so foolishly again and was discharged.

A New York telegram on Monday states that on the previous day another cyclone swept over a portion of Kansas State, causin,, heavy loss of life and doing enor- mous damage. Six of the people injured in the recent cyclone at Sherman, Texas, have succumbed to their

FROM THE MOMENT OF BIRTH USE CUTICURA SOAP.—I 6 is not only the purest, sweetest, and most refreshing of nursery soap=,but it contains delicate emol- lient properties obtained from Cuticura (ointment), the ,reat skin cure, which purify and beautify the skin, and remove skin blemishes, occasioned by imperfect cleans- iu and the continued use of impure soapc. Guaranteed absolutely pure by analytical chemists of the highest standing, whose certificates of analysis accompany each tablet,

WARRINGTON PA RK.

This park is just now looking at its best, and is well worth a visit. When it is considered that the park is situated in the centre of a smoky town, the wonder is that the trees, shrubs, and flowers flourish so well. Great credit is due to Mr. Parker, the head gardener,for his judicious choice of plants suitable to the situation, and for the excellent manner in which the park is kept. Several improvements have been made, and a few par- ticulars respecting them may prove interesting. Entering by the new gate opposite Parker-st., it will be noticed that the plot of ground near the palisadings bordering Sankey-st., has been made quite trim and neat. It has been planted with laburnum, privet, elder and lime trees, and also a number of plants in- cluding the iris. It is bordered by a newly- laid verge about three feet wide. Right opposite this entrance is a mound of Foil which was tipped here at the time the wall was taken down. This has now been laid out and a number of privet trees planted thereon. The opening of this additional entrance has created the need for asphaltic walks at this end of the park,the present scattered material on the walks present- ing a ragged appearance in contrast to the other walks in the vicinity. On the outer circle round the band- stand,a row of limes, about ninety in number,have been placed at a distance of about six yards apart, and look in a very healthy condition. Proceeding up the walk running parellel with Crosfield-street, on the left hand side will be seen a newly-laid verge running from one end to the e,ther,nearly a quarter of a mile in length. The privets which were planted alongside the palisadings have grown to such a height as to screen the walk from the public when travelling along Crosfield-street, and the walk is now one of the finest and most select in the park. It may be stated that this and other walks are now placed at the disposal of lady-cyclists, and each morn- ing from 6 a.m. to 8.30 a.m. a number of ladies repair there with their " bikes." The recreation ground has beeu banked round so that it may be flooded in winter time. This should make an excellent skating place. Entering the park itself by the entrance nearest Ken- drick-street, an improvement will be noticed near what has been known as the vinery. The ground bas been nicely laid out, and tke raw tile which surrounded it has given place to a fine verge. Numerous beds of blood-red and yellow wall-flowers, look exceed- ingly pretty, and the air is scented with sweet smelling azalea, lilac, and laburnum trees. The rustic arches near to the aviary are now becoming covered with clinging plants, and are making quite a sheltered passage. Upwards of 3,000 plants, chiefly geraniums, will shortly be taken from the greenhouses and placed in beds. The aviary still continues to be a centre of at- traction, and this is well-looked after by Mr. Ashton. It is stocked with numerous birds, and additional speci- mens are always being added. Recently,there has been a marked increase in the number of paraquets, there being now about a score in the aviary.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

During last week, which was the 19th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington 26 10 Latchford 5

Total 3l

The excess of births over deaths was 21. The death rate from all causes was equal to 8.9 per 1,000, against 149 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 14-5 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zynaotic diseases was equal to Nil per :,000, against 12 the average rate of the four previoutOveeks, and against Nil the corresponding week of 1895. The ages of mortality were- - 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 4 1 5 10

The deaths included-1 from alcoholism, 1 from can- cer, 5 from lung disease. 1 from heart disease, 1 from brain disease.

The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Erysipelas, 1 case, S;arlet fever, 2 cases, enteric fever, 2 cases. Total number of patients in hotpital on Saturday, May 9th-11.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

Fever Hospital, Aikin Street, Warrington. Report for the month ending 20ch April. 1896 : In Hospital on the Ist of April 17 Cases. Admitted during the month— Cases of scarlet fever 8 ~ „ enteric „

Total

Discharged cured ll Dead In Hospital on the Ist of May l2

Total

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Superintendent.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

ST. MARS'S C.E.T.S.—On Friday evening last week the annual tea party to the members of the St. Mary's Church of England Temperance Society, was held in the Infants schoolroom. A very good tea was given and the meeting was much enjoyed by those present. _ _

S. MARY'S miNsTaiis.—On Saturday afternoon the members and friends of the St. Mary's amateur minstrel troupe held their first annual trip, their destination being Frodsham Hills. The minstrels assembled in full force under the able leadership of their popular interlocutor Mr. J. Thompson. The party numbered 40 in all and proceeded to their destination in one of Mr. Conn n's four-in-hand 'busses. The niggers were of course en eostumt, and were seated in a prominent position on the 'bus, and created no small amusement in the places they passed through. Songs and choruses enlivened the journey, and on arrival at the Bear's Paw the horses were stabled, and the troupe assembled in front and gave a slight performance prior to ascending the hill to Mersey View where they were expected. Arrived there they amused themselves in various ways until the tea was pronounced ready. A substantial tea was disposed of, and then the troupe took possession of the platform, and the services of a generous lady pianist having been secured, an entertainment was given. The members were in great form and the visitors present were greatly pleased .with their performance, which was a decided success. Prior to the home journey another perform- ance was given before the Bear's Paw, and was much enjoyed by the inhabitants. The home journey was accomplished without any untoward incident, Penketh being reached at 10.45. The trip was a signal success, and the thanks of all are due to Mr. P. Pownall for his efficient arrangement of the travelling department, and to Mr. E.Sutton andMr.J. Thompson,the energetic secre- tary and interlocutor, for the way they looked after the comfort of the party.

HOOD'S Is carefully prepared SARSAPARILLA from Sarsaparilla' HOODS' Dandelion,Mandrake, SARSAPARILLA D o c k , Pipsissewa. HOODS' Juniper Berries, and SARSAPARILLA other well known and EL 00D S ' valuable vegetable SARSAPARILLA remedies, by a pecul- HOODS' far combination, pro- SARSAPARILLA portion and process. HOODS' giving to Hcod's Sat.- SARSAPARILLA •a pa rillacurative HOODS' . powers not possessed SARSAPARILLA by other medicines. HOODS' SARSAPARILLA Is the best blood putt- flOODS' fier before the public. SARSAPARILLA It eradicates every im- ._ _ _ _

HOODS' purity, and cures SARSAPARILLA Scrofula ,alt Rheum _ . ,

HOODS' Boils, Pimples, all Hu- SARSAPARILLA more, Dyspeps H ia, Bit- OODo'loneness, Sick Head- SARSAPARILLA ach e . Indigestion, HOODS' General Debility, Ca SARSAPARILLA tarn]. Rheumatism, HOODS' Kidney and Liver corn- - SARSAPARILLA p 1 a i n t s. overcomes

HOODS' that tired 'fee- iiii&,--c—r-e-- SARSAPARILLA ales an appetite, and lI"D'S builds upthe system. SARSA.PARILLA 111 00D'S Is peculiar in its SARSA.PARILLA strength and eeon- HO OD'S omy. It costs the eon- k:ARSAPARILLA sumer less than any HOOD'S other medicine, be- SARSAPARILLA cause of its great con- HOOD'S centrated strength, SARSAPARILLA and the number of lIOOD'S doses in each hottle, SARSAPARILLA according to the dir- HOO D'S ections, is greater SARSAPARILLA than any other. HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Is the One True Blood HOOD'S Pur tier prominently SARSAPARILLA in the public eye. It HOOD'S has a greater record SARSAPARILLA of cures, and has I_lOOD'S larger sales than any SARSAPARILLA other medicine in the world. Get HOOD'S. Is sold by chemists. Price 2s. 94.. and 4s. 61. Or can be obtained by post by sending price In stamps or postal order to C. I. Hood At Co., 34, snow Hill, London, B.C.

TTOOD'S PILLS 1.1 Cure all liver ills, s'ck headache, biliousness. ls. lid. Sent by post on receipt or price in IStatnia or postal order, by C. I. Hood 8; Co., 34, Snow Hill, London, B.C. (5)

WA RRINGTON.

SERIOUS STREET ACCIDENT AT WA TIRINGTiiN

On Monday afternoon, about tour o'ciocKoi iictle girl, about two years old, who resides with her parents at Napier-at., was admitted into the In- firmary. She had been knocked down by a run- away horse near her home and seriously injured. The horse was stopped after colliding with a cart. DEATH OF MRS. R. GREENALL.

In the parish of Grappenhall and the surrounding country regret is keenly felt at the death of Mrs. Greenall, wife of the Rev. Richard Greenall, rector of Grappenhall, which took place on Tuesday, at the Rectory, Grappenhall. The decaased lady was 63 years of age and her loss will be felt by both the Rector and his people. PROPERTY SALE AT WARRINGTON.

On Tuesday evening, at the Corn Exchange, Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket-st., Mr. Thomas Sutton offered for sale by auction, subject to the public sale conditicns of the Liverpool Law Society, 14 dwelling-houses, Nos. 1 to 27, Erwood-st., off Buckley-st., Winwick-road. The property is free- hold, contains 1,282 superficial square yards of land produces a gross anual rental of £146 18s., and is subject to a yearly chief rent of £25. The solicitors to the venders were Messrs. Edward Heath and Sons, Swan-st., Manchester. There was a fairly good attendance. The bidding s ;arted at £5OO and rose to £925, when the sale was declared an open one. Bids of £5 followed, and ultimately, the lot was knocked down to Mr. Fred. J. Carlisle,butcher, Market-st., for £960. NEWSOME'S CIRCUS, WARRINGTON.

A well-varied and attractive programme has been submitted at the circus in Queen-st. this week. The bears have again proved a great attrac- tion, and their performance has been one of the prime favourites of the whole programme. Mule- riding and the comic antics of the clowns have been the most amusing section of the entertain- ment, while the Yeldings have again been loudly applauded for their graceful and daring equestrian- ism. Acrobatic displays have been given by the Lizzetta troupe, and Miss Rubina has well pleased the audience by her agility OR the tight wire. A local-attraction was the display of boxing given by the Corbet Migets, boy and girl, and children of Mr. James Hunt, the famoua Warrington jumper. A three-round glove fight is engaged in by them, and in which both give evidence of a knowlege of the "noble art." The little girl is quite a match for her brother,and deals him some hard knocks. There are numerous other items of a pleasing character, and under Mr. Cook's directorehip Mr. James New- some's Circus provides good fun for Warrington pleasure-seekers. LOCAL MINI)7G CASE.—BANKS AND OTHERS V. AcKtEts, WHITLEY AND CO., LTD.

This case was heard in the Queen's Bench Division before Yr. Baron Pollock and Mr. Justice Bruce, on Monday and Tuesday, the 4th and sth May, when owing to the importance of the questions involved judgment was reserved. Mr. Lawson Walton, Q.C., and Mr. M'Swinney, instructed by Messrs. Jeans and Son, solicitors, Warrington and Manchester, represented the plaintiffs, and Mr. Robson, Q.C., and Mr. Darlington instructed by Messrs. Darling- ton and Son. solicitors, Wigan, represented the defendants, The plaintiffs are Mr. Thomas Banks, mining engineer, of Manchester, Mr. John Leyland Martlew, estate agent, of The Grange, Hindley, and Mr. Louis Adrian Voisey, chartered accountant, Warrington, as trustees of the will of the late Mr. Abraham Ackers, of Bickershaw Ball, near Wigan; and the defendants are Messrs. Ackers, Whitley,and Co., Ltd., of the Plank-lane Collieries, near Wigan. The main question to be decided was whether the defendants are or are not liable to pay the fixed minimum rent of £250 a year during the residue of a term of 21 years from the Ist May, 1875, they having shortly after that date closed the shafts Ithrough which the two seams of coal,the subject of the lease, were intended to be worked, or whether after having continued to pay the minimum rent Idown to Ist May, 1894, the defendants were justi- fied in declining to pay any further rent on the ground that they had, as they alleged, paid the full value of the coal, and in order to prove that they I had done so they claimed to be entitled to adduce in evidence the thickness of the same seams of coal, as they had been found to exist, in other or adjoining lands. On both these questions the I Court on Saturday last gave judgment in favour ot the plaintiff, with costs as against the defendants

===== 0002601_18960523_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOP FIRE IN G OLBORNE-EITRBET.

A fire broke out at the shop of Mr. David Owen, carver and gilder, and picture frame manufacturer, Golborne-street,on Saturday evening. About seven o'clock Mr. Frank Turner, the deputy-superintend- ent of the Warrington Fire Brigade, was passing down Golborne-street when be perceived smoke issuing from underneath the front door of Mr. Owen's shop. Being apprehensive, he immediately made inquiries as to the cause of the smoke, and found that the inside premises were in flames. With all possible speed he returned to the Fire Engine Station, and finding several of the brigade men on the spot, the alarm bell was not rung, it being feared that too large a crowd would conse- quently collect, and in such a narrow street would seriously hinder the operations of the firemen. The reel cart was promptly got out, and in a few minutes two connections were made, and volumes of water were poured on the burning building. It was discovered that the fire had attained a firm hold, but after working hard for about fifteen minutes, the firemen—who had in the meantime been joined by more of their comrades—were ob- taining the upper hand, although little hope was held out of saving much of the stock in the shop. The flames were soon effectually subdued, and had been successfully confined to the shop and rooms above and beyond, which were used for working and storing purposes. It is regarded as very for- tunate that the fire had not happened earlier in the week. Had it. occurred some four or five days before, the loss would have been much greater, for then several important and valuable orders were being executed. Most ot these, however had been finished and sent home by Saturday. The origin of the fire is unknown, but it is supposed to have commenced in the wmkshop at the back of the shop. About six o'clock in the evening Mr. Owen left everything apparently safe when te went to transact some business. He was returning home about two hours afterwards when the startling news of the occurrence was communicatecl to him. There was no one on the premises at the time, but Mr. Owen's family live next door to the shop, where the business will be carried on pending the work of reconstruction. The property is partially insured in the Union Fire Assurance Company. WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS' ANNUAL CHURCH PARADE.

On Sunday morning the Warrington Volunteers attended at the Parish Church for Divine service a week prior to proceeding to camp. Assembling at the Drill Hall at 9.15 to the strength of about 300 they fell in and marched along Bath-st., Legh-at., Sankey-st., Buttermarket-at., Irlam-st., and Church- st, to the Parish Church, the band preceding them and playing appropriate selections of music. Colonel Ridgway was in command, and among the officers present were Captain and Adjutant Silver- thorne, Captains J. D. Buckton, Baynes' Appleton, Chorley, and Fairclough, Lieutenant Fairclough, Lieutenant Fletcher, Captain and Quartermaster Hutchinson, Sergeant-Major Sullivan,and Sergeant- Instructor Barker. The troop presented a smart and soldierly appearance which was much ad- mired. Having entered the sacred edifice the band played the National Anthem, following upon which the hymn "Fight the good fight" was sung, the band accompanying. The Rev. Canon Willis, rector, and acting-chaplain of the battalion, preached a brief and appropriate sermon. He took for his text 2 Timothy ii. 3-7 " Thou therefore endure hardness,as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please Him who bath chosen him to be a soldier. And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except be strive lawfully. The husband- man that laboured] must he first partaker of the fruits. Consider what I say; and the Lord give thee understanding in all things" The hymns "Onward, Christian Soldiers," and "Hail the day that sees Him rise" were subsequently sung, the band playing the accompaniments. At the conclu- sion of the service the men left the church, and , after being formed into" four deep "marched back to the Drill Hall. Prior to being disbanded, the Commanding Officer highly complimented them I upon their efficient appearance, and expressed his gratification that they had assembled in such large numbers. A small fatigue party, under the com- mand of Captain Baynes, ieft Warrington on Tues- day for the camp ground at Conway Marsh. Their duties will be to take over the ground and mark it out. Another fatigue party under the command of Captain and Quartermaster Hutchinson, consisting of about 30 men, left, on Wednesday morning re assist in pitching the tents in readiness for the arrival of the main body of the battalion this even- ing.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

The quarterly open meeting of this society was held on Sunday, and as on previous occasions it was largely attended. Mr. Zeba Armitage, J.P., presided, and la the course of a short address said that if they could see churches full to that extent every Sunday the reproach about their churche4 being half full would fall to the gtound. That large congregation appealed to him in rather a different manner. A few weeks ago when he was in Egypt such a sight as he saw that af,ernoon would have bee?: an impossibility. In E4ypt, except with those Englishmen who resided there for the purpose of business and the Wark done by the American Mission, Christianity was almost unknown. The people pro- fessed hardly any religion ; those who die were followers of Mello:inlet. But there were only a few who took an interest in religious work,and these were not ashamed to show it. It was quite com- mon to see the followers of Mahomet go through their devotions in the middle of the street or in public places. f hey were not hindered by tbe fear of being seen in rendering their worship. It was a. part of their ceremonial religion and the benefit they de- rived from their religion was connected with their -obser- vance of ceremonies. We had a different belief and did not believe in public and ostentatious ceremonies. But we might learn a lesson from these Mohammedans and that was that we should not be ashamed of the religion we professed. There were many times when they would be thrown into the company of people who themselves were not religious people and before whom it seemed difficult to maintain their religious character. - But those were times when they could show their courage pretty much in the same way as the Mohammedans. He thought that services of that description were a very great privilege to all of them. Public services, conducted in that way for the good of those who attended them, were quite different from some Mohammedan services which were for the bcnefit of the priests, the people tak- ing a small part in them. Their s-Tvices were of the heart in wliich they all rendered a real and hearty service. Miss Dutton, of Moore, delivered the address for the afternoon, and at the outset exrressed regret at the absence of the president of the society—lhe Rev. John Yonge—accl hoped he might be EOM with them again. She proceeded to speak of the parable of the "Prodigal Son," and drew many useful lessons from it. The ser- vice was also taken part in by the Rev. J. S. Hughes, of Hill Cliffe, Mr. B. Farrar, and Mr. T. Wallington. Mr. W. H.Walling,ton was tle solopt and he very effectively sang " The Cleansing Fires:' A 'cello solo was contri- buted by Mr. Edgar Balinford in a musicianly manner, and Mr. W. H. i'ayton presided at the organ with his. usual ability. A collection ,was taken on behalf of the P.S.A. funds.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

THE REV W. S. HCILME'S DEPARTURE.

On Wednesday evening a social gathering was held ire the Chtgeli-room, Stockton Heath. Songs were given by several of the members and various games indulged in to the enjoyment of all. Opportunity was taken of the gathering to present to the Rev. W. S. Huline, who is leaving the parish, with " Sadler's Commentary on the New Testament" (12 vols.), as a souvenir from the members of the Church Institute and friends. Mr. H. N. Houghton made the presentation,and said they gave Mr. Hulme their best wishes in his new sphere of labour. —The Rev. W. S. Hulme, who was received with ap- plause,in expressing his gratitude for the gift, said he could hardly believe he had such kind frienas. He had been a very shert time stationed amongst them and he felt that he had done extremely little to deserve such a kind recognition on their part. It was a great pleasure to him to be connected with the Men's Club or in any way with his fellow men. In deciding upon those la volumes he could assure them that they had made a very wise selection and could not have chosen a better work or a more useful commentary. Alluding to his own work Mr. Hulme said they knew that a clergy- man's work was by no means an easy one. A clergy- man's lot was not a "bed of roses." It had some thorns as well. (Rear, hear.) They, the clergymen had great things expected of them, and it was not an easy thing to please everybody. Tlu y were criticised and taken to task, but, generally speaking, they tried their level best to please. They were not ministers of the people but ministers of Christ, and as such bad to minister to man, woman; and child. (Applause.) The speaker then ad- vised his hearers as to work they could do, and said that as members of the bible class or church room they could influence others, and had done, and it was to the credit of Mr. H. J. Westbrook and Mr. Wine that the class had risen to its present strength. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Hulme added that it was the greatest grief to him to leave, and be hoped he might come again at some future time. In his visits, of which he had made 730, he had always been received very kindly and although people might say that they had not seen him, that was bezause it. had not been in his power. These constant changes were bad for the parish—(hear, hear)—but they knew how they were brought about.—Mr. J. L iv/ton also spoke in terms of praise of Mr. Hulme, and hoped he would get a better situation elsewhere.—Mr. H, J. Westbrook dise!aimed any prominent participation with regard to the success of the Bible Class, taken by either himself or Mr.Daine. He believed in the difficult work of parsons, and said it was the duty of the parishioners to give all the sym- pathy possible to the clergymen, and not to criticise. He believed he was right in saying that the present repre- , seated their feelings towards Mr. Hulme. (Applause.) —Mr. Daine also spc.ke, and referred to changes being disadvantageous. They had no sootier got used to a Dian than they had to accustom themselves to someone else. —On the first page of Vol. 1 of the Commentary were the words :—" To the Rev. Walter S. Hulme. A souvenir, with complement of other volumes, from the members and friends of the Churhroom on his leaving St. Thomas', Stockten Heath. Whitsuntide, 1896." This page had been art stically illumined by Mr. S. F. Welsby.

For the past quarter of a century there as been a continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonderful cures effected by CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURB, "the finest Blood Purifier th.t science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers froni Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Leg's, Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples, and Sores of any kind. are solicited to give it a trial to best its value. Sold everywhere. at 2s. 9d. per bottle Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. —Advt. (6)

WHY COMPLAIN OF YOUR FEET ?

WHY ,r SUFFER NEEDLESS PAIN?

PEDESIUM ! PEDESIUM !! PEDESIUM !! ! ril E latest, best and sur.st PREVENTIVE of A CORNS. CURING SORE AND PERSIIRING FEET. Walking, standing, running, cycliog, becomes a pleasure, It being impossible for the fe et to chafe or become over- heated.

BEWARE OF SUBSTITUTES. Sold:in Boxes, 6d., and is. (post free).

Agent for Warrington :7

J. RY.NIEn YOUNG, 40, Sankey-street. or send direct to A, HAMILTON, 23, Waterside, North Lincoln.

FITS OR EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.

I will demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful of all complaints, "Epilepsy," which has been hitherto considered incurable, can be permanently cured (without the chance of failure). Write to the "SECRETARY," Burwood House. Burwood Place, Hide Park, London. He will send you, "Gratis," full instructions for cure.

* * 3101 c * Act 4V.1 341 E HOW THE PICK 0' TEA IS * PLUCKED. * The burst,ing forth et bus awl tender * leaflets on the tea-bush is called its " flush-

140 E lug." Then's the pl•mter's busiest time, for jec if the succulent and sappy shoots should

not be plucked to-day, they will harden. lir * darken, and less flavour. So every hand that can be got is gatLering in the garden. *and many hundreds of deft thumbs and * fingers are dexterously nipping off the delicately-green leaflets before they lose their dainty tenderness. The soft new growth that a picked is very like the light- green shoot tint you may see, just now, 3410 peeping.out.between the larger _leaves. of

*our linglish 1. urel. Every leaf dry tea represents at least one .tfpplng by nimble Eastern fingers, so that miltions of separate operations are neeesrtry before enough * leaves ate gathered to fill even a few chests. _ _ _ _ _

The still-wide.' bud and the next two mlir, -tgoy unfolding leaflets are p!ucked alone for the finest lee. And then the upper halves of 'dr , the two leaflets next below are often picked, * *. leaving the lower halves to shield the new shoots which will flush in a few mire days. 2eir Bat many of the leaflets are so tender, that, lir when they are afterwaras ' Ii el, for dry- . *ing, they break up into particles, which nevettaeless contain the very stzength and essence of th 3 tea.

_ *Whenever you want the youngest and *— the finest tea that can bo bought an; where

*• at the price, you msy be quite sure you * will get it at OUR AGENTS', FOR 1/-, 1/2,1/4,1/8, 2/-,2/4, 8:2/8 Vt#: ALB.

BROOKEI BOND & c0.,.* LIMITED. 27,11.. THI3 LANOASHIRR TRA WARMIOUSLE,

17, PiccADILLY 1 29. 1/t/ mmiEsrzt

===== 0002601_18960523_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;! - • 1 44 ,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "Oramintr " &trio.

PKBPAID ADVIiRTISJIMENTS.

ming under the following neaa, 4re inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Oh CHARGE, as per scale given below,

One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45

- 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

EtotritOtit Otrbants, Scr.

WANTED, an assistant DRESSMAKER, live In or aut.— PIONINGTON, King-st., Stretford.

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT.—Mrs. SPILMONT, 87, Ravenswood Gardens, Hyde Park, Leeds.

WANTED, a respectable GIRL; state age, U.—GEORGE POOLE. Pork Butcher, Chester Road, Stretford. Manchester.

WANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT: wages ss. per week.—Apply Mrs. iONFB, Market Gardener, Gratrix- lane, Sale.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Y- DUNG LADY, 18, desires to learn business. Would come for small salary.—Address, Box 19, " Bxaminer " Office, Warrington.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL ; Church; bake; active; wages £l6 to £18; good refetences.—Mrs. RusErros, All Sainte. Blackburn.

POUNTRY SBRVANTS Wanted, £l5, to £2.5. Generals, Cooks, Housemaid-waitresses and others. Ai:Bores AGENCIES, Lumb-lane, Bradford.

WANTED, Cooks. Housemaids, and Waitresses and Generals for all parts; good families.—Mrs. HATTON, Ladies' British Registry, 10, Manor-square, Otey, near Leeds.

GENERAL StatVANT (good, strong) Wanted 25 to 30 In a clergyman's famiiy ; early riser; able to wash and bake ; good wages.—Apply, stating length of references, Lc., to him. PARK, St. Anne's Vicarage, Lancaster.

HALIFAX. 1. Boothtown-road, SERVANTS' REGISTRY; no entrance fee ; servants in every cap.zeity suited imme- diately; highest wages and good homes offered to generals. Write naming reference.

GENERAL SHRVANT wanted (strong will) for Business house, with slight knowledge of cooking, age 18. Good wages, character required.—Apyly Mrs. BRIDGMAN, Six Ashes. near Bridgenorth. Salop.

mALB and FEMALE NURSES nibTITUTION, 70, Hope- street, Liverpool.—Established 1878.--For reliable Attendants. Mein al, M.dieal and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr4pll.—•' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

50,000 Areewnetlsi eWr and dEaDI tkoi nh lsdocf lhuob us sf eohr owl da tea h e s oods tor the London and Birmingham Watch Company; extraor- dinary commission ; everybody should write to us who an, deals-bus of incressing their income.—CEXTRAL OFFICES, Corpora:ion-street, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Mtanttb.

_ .AGENTS Wanted to push first-eass Machinery Oils; liberal commisaion.--iiox 31,Post Office, Liverpool. x

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy iend 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, IXtoi Chorley.

WANTBD, thorough, good Plain COOK ; a little washing; Church of England.—Mrs. MoLEawormr, Hamer Hall, Rochdale.

WANTHD, Girl about 2 . for Fish and Potato Shop, good home—JACKSON, 170. Tatton-strset, llegent-rd ,

Salford.

OLD STAMPS Wanted for cash,. Enclose stamp for crier and return of specimens forwardtd to H. FIELDING, 153, Stamford-street, London, S.E.

T PAY 21e. per 100, for fine Penny Black English Postage 1 STAMPS of 1840 ; Blue 2d. stamps, same year also wanted.—MACKEY, 74, New-street, Birmingham.

4,2PLENDID AGENCY.—BIue Ribbon Tea Company, Burton-In-Lonsdale. require agents to sell famous diges- tive p .cket teas. Samr Les, enclose stamp. Handsome bonus presents.

rpo RKALISR A PROFIT ON SMALL WARMS !—'• Bits J. of experience." etc. ;or " Practical Farming." Is. 6d. each, post free.—PAHDURY, Chiddingtold (Ciodalming), Surrey.

WANTED. every Lady to write to the Bradford and Man- chester Warehouse Company, Halifax, Yorkshire, for patterns of new dress materials ; 6 yards, double width, for 3s. Ild.

FOREIGN POSTAGE STAMPS.—Wanted to purchase an old collection, or used or unused English stArnps issued previous to 1830 (except id. red used).— J. LASCELLES, Machynlleth, 313ntgomeryshire.

TOBACCONISTS commencing; Illustrated Guide and L Catalogue (259 pages) 3d.—TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTING Co., 186 Euston-road, London. Established 1866; Manager, IiVNTRY

ElYLOYillistsll.—A salary from 10s. to 255. iO earned Weekly.—For sample and particulars send Postal Order for Is. 6d. to DtnicArt and Co., Great Freeman- street, Nottingham. Genuine.

FOREIGN POSTAGE STAMPS.—Wanted to purchase an Old Collection. or any English Stamps issued before 1830 (used or unused) except Id. red (used).—J. LASCELLES, M.chvnlleth. MontgomPrvshire.

(lAN A N FARMINLT.—Wanted, at once, several pupils k_) also yroing ladies ; board, lodging, and pay ; excellent prosp:Tt ; pamphlet 6d. ; particulars free.—HENRY Howi eN, 46. High-street, ShefEeti.

r(10 INSURANCE AGENTS.—Wanted, Agents in Lanca- 1, shire and Cheshire towns ancl villages; liberal terms. Apply British Mutual Plate Glass Insurance Company (Limited). 3, Cookridge-street, Leeds. HOME SEWING.—PIain, simple work, per parcels post; weekly easily earned; persons required everywhere, patterns and instruction book 6 stamps ; many advertisements mislead, this is genuine.—WiLav, Saviletown, Dewsbury. a

RITISH HOMES INVESTMENT CORPORATION LIMITED.—The phenomenal success of this genuine and progressive Institution still continues. Good agents wanted.—Apply Joax PODMORE, Bewscy Chambers, War- rington.

FREE TUITION for Civil Service Fxams. ; rapid success full preparations by thoronghly qualified masters - good pay, permanent employment, short hours, pension. - UNIVERSAL CORRESPONDENCE COACHING AGENCY, East Finch- ley, London.

-- / IAPTA I N Prescott cAn tioroughly recommend his Gardener, who has been in his family the last ten years; leaving for no fault ; thoroughly honest, trustworthy, reliable, hard working; married, with children.—Address DALTGN GRANGN, near Southport.

HARROPS, 122, BRIDGE-STREEL, WARRINGTON BASSINETTES and MAIL CARTS; buy direct from the maker ; cash or easy payments. Rent Collectors, Insur- ance Agents, and others wanted to solicit orders; good re- muneration.--Note aldrees. HARBOP3, 123, Bridge-..,treet, Warrington.

T. SLACK & CO., 1951 WESTMINSTER BRIDGE ROAD, LONDON, S.E. DEALERS IN TEAS, COFFEES, COCOAS, AND DUTCH CIGARS.

The above Firm can supply Teas, &c., at the undermen- tioned Prices, viz. 'l' 1 EA. rp INDIAN TEAS. 1 Blended Souchong at is. 2d. per lb. 2 Pekoe „ is. 4d. „ 3 Our Own Blend ~ is. 6d. „ 4 Atterneen lea is. Bd. „ 5 Very Choice 111 23• Od• '6 Superb 99 2s. 64. „ China Teas can be supplied at the same prices as the above.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
FRENCH COFFEES.

per lb. I French Coffee as prepared in Paris with Chicory at is. Od. ~ ~ „ 2 „ Is. 2d. ~ „ Is. 41. is. 6.1.

1113'.: ilb.. and 111;: Tins:

P(1 UIZE 1./OFFEES. 1 Best Pura Coffee at is. Ed. per lb. in t, I, and 11b. Tins. 2 1• „ „ is. Ed. 3 „ „ Is. 10d. „ 4 „ „ 2s. Os. „ 9,9, 9.

COCOAS. 1 linv",matbic at Is. 2d. per lb,in I ' ' i and 11b. Tins, 2 Pure Cocoa Essence at 2s. Od 3 Finest at 2s. Bd. ~ 4 Del i ions Soluble Coco (Dutch) at 3s. Od. ~ ,i,

CIGARS

The fo:l6wing Brands o' Dutch Cigars are always in Stock. Singl, boxes at the undermentioned Prices Carriage P 1 aid. 13s. Od. pr 100 8 t• ea Flower 16s. 6. pr 100. Ja-_o:a 2 Entri_, Nous 14s. Od. 9 Whiliminas 17s. 6d, 3 Geucrso 15s. Cd. 1 Pertecto 17s. 6d. " 4 S 0011 16s. Od, 11 Manillas 209. 61. " 5 Heraldtica 168. Od. „ 12 Planteurs 219. Od. 6 Express 16s. 6d. „ 13 Tri um pile! ors 225. 6d. „ 7 Nautilus 16s. 6d. „ 14 aldines 278. 6d. „ Planteurs are supplied in Boxes of 25 at 1- price per 100. Triumplietors „ „ 50 Valdlues are supplied in Boxes of 25 and 50 at and price per 10. Special quotations on the at.ove Cigars in qunitities of SCO. 6arnples oi any of the above will be forwarded on receipt of

12 stamps

TERMS C H WITH ORDEII. Carriage on 711.4. and upwards is Free to any add ess in the United -Kingdom, except 0,, Teas Nos. 1 and 2. rilje samo applies to French Ccffee- 1 ..nd 2,and Cocoa 1. Tins free; Samples are sent free on appli,ation. Chests (501b5.), full Cher.ts (100ibs.), are subject to 10 per cent. discount.

SHANKS'S LAWN MOWERS Having the greatl advantage of Patent Steel Axle Springs, Inventsd 1893. These Mowers excel all others. The springs relifve all strain and the machines work noiselessly and with surprising ease. Unanli ous testimony from pracVcal gardeners, who regard these springs as invaluable, and as advancing the Lawn Mower to a perfection not otherwise attainat le. Catalogues and testimonials from all leading Ironmongers and Seedsmen, or from ALEX SHANKS & SON, LTD., ARBROATH and 110, CANNON STRBRT, LONDON, B.C. x

THE FALKLAND SHIRTINGS, for Dresses. Aprons and 1 Shirts, 4id. per yard; patterns free.—FALILLAND and Co.. bicholas-street. Manchester. x

===== 0002601_18960523_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A DESIDERATUM FOUND:

The Trouble with Children's Heads, which is liable to arise even in the beet regulAted families is now reduced to a mini- mum, RS TRUMAN'S NURSERY LOTION by one application only, effectually destroys all parasites, at the same time devitslising all nits. It it cleanly and is cer- tain , not greasy, and there is no danger of catching cold be its use. A little applied to the scalp over night. and th head becomes perfectly tree from all parasites in the morn ing. So ver) rarely is a second application necessary that it is no exaggeration to state that ONCE USING IS SUFFICIENT. Sold in Bottles at 6d. and is. each, through any Chemist ; or direct by post for 9 or 15 stamps, from the Prorietors, PAIGNDESTRE & TRUMAN 71, Old Kent-road, London, B.E. N.B. Insist upon having TRUMAN'S LOTION and no tsappointment can occur.

FItHEHOLD.—To be sold or let, Two new well-built Houses, In Fairfield hoad, containing parlour, lobbied sitting-room, good kitchen with larder, wash house and three od bedrooms ; bath and lavatory, and hot and cold waters throughout.—For further particulars apply at No. 36, FAIR- FIELD RoAD, Stockton Heath,

96, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS PIANOS

BEARD, STEINWAY, COLLARD AND COILARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, BORD, ALLISON,

AND THB CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS, CASEI PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN ORGANS

BY MASON AND HAMLIN, ESTY, BELL, BAUR,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
AND THE

CELEBRATED NEWMAN ORGANS, FOR WHICH WM. H. AND G. H. DRAPER ARE THE

SOLE AGENTS. CASH, PRICE, FROM

PIANOS FROM 7S. PER MONTH. ORGANS FROM ss. PER MONTH.

PIANOFORTES AND HARMONIUMS FOR ORDINARY HIRE, REPAIRED, TAKEN IN EXCHANGE, AND TUNED, SINGLY OR BY TkIE YEAR.

eizo, Voultro, &r.

A. A. ZIMMERMANN, ESQ., CHAMPION CYCLIST 01" TEE WORLD.—" I think Kops Ale very adaptable for athletes, and during my visit at Liverpool have found it very refreshing after hard work."

FREV. MARTIN, ESQ., AMATEUR HOLDER OF LONDON TO BATH AND BACK RECORD, &c., says :—" I have a high ap- preciation of Kops Ale, and have drank nothing else in all my long distance and record rides for the past three years. It is the cyclists' drink. Have tried every other beverage but prefer Kops." Fifteen Gold Medals awarded. Two million bottles sold in one week. Bittered from choicest Hops only. Agent :—W. FIJRNESS, Hop Stores, Bev/gay-et., Warrington,

Estimates Free.

RICHARD BRETHERrON Jug' FAMILY BUTCHER, • 4, ST. JAMRS'S-STIIHRT, 0.1 WARRINGTON. pOßgi PRIMR BBRF, MUTTON, LAMB, VBiAL. - Always on band. from 50. to 80. p.r Ib;roi ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTIND and delivered when required.

~_

VURNISI

THE "Rts PA hit IiMPo:

____ C1-R B

===== 0002601_18960523_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eprits.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
IALCOTT BROS.' 00ventr7 CYCLES, elf V £l2;•Caloott £15.. Immediate delivery of a few on,' —2, GussaAm-trr., EdgoiLane„Liverpool.

CYCLUS ;. from £5 10e. ; buy aret,b+l34 S special Het free.-99, DUIIIILUZ-BOAD, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Ak_

-p

r'S Y..dy°ll orcier6 ,t• Wllll. wbich ac ' lilt Ow aot r. TRat#

adiu't°

co,t Ist Dp•lel' sliso r i 311•—•

11 a 0 e, r *tsieheT 1, bans as r ; twelve krult.eas."" 5 crade and ih tyres', ro most srd !rirk=ro'''

tted "s all over wuoroker,

idT3l.-arOP ball. Alt :the or- rArli.

The SULY 30 • tr 7 COUIOIOIIb. .M 99e5. few ow.

.ert ; 3192 tht doUbw' MRS 13106_,ii 111

yrfeet .LD'e2l9°^.•

,L3sJOP•

Boer., el, rhoLoar r addt t chines '- ,aid' onli;

)rsted A ~..s BHOO . D E°13114

soiled anq _

mONOO

UREIC-Af

LAW

s Fo_2>

--------' liN

araArit.

)

SO' ,0111' ib„,• )

===== 0002601_18960523_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LIMITO`

===== 0002601_18960523_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
------d

===== 0002601_18960523_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
jaL,,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, MAY 23rd, 1896.

)I; A COTTAGE HOUSE, completely and beautifully fIVTSHED for £l5 coataining every requisite,worth £35 ; Particulars. Latil:. A most nada', substantial House of Furniture for "oom, kitchen, two bedrooms. sundries for scullery, ',fairs, landing, Al., for £4O ; the sideboard in the din- Originally cost £3O. This is a rare bargain; first come ed. Will be stored free until required upon pay- Ltet .`"` 6 Per cent. deposit. Z.4t4,.'L A downright good HOUSE of FURNITURE for a ~,,at;intre tad who is house proud and admires a comfortable .914111,,11a the first place there is one of the handsomest eli"o Mahogany Sideboard Dressers, with carved back, _with mirrors the prettiest ever made ; the Sofa, hairs, le.tinro, Chairs are all hair. The Bedroom contains a proper Bedroom Suite,strong well made,all solid Ameri- tt kt ~..""not. A massive brass-mounted Bedstead with spring hair mattress, Ice. There is everything required clas such as carpets, oi;cloths, fenders, fireirons,chamber tit tsri; rogs ; but space prevents us giving full particulars ; s-tiek i• send full particulars if you will write for them. Yek,., or the lot complete, £39 98 6d. Guaranteed for 101 LoCCWOISSLEY'S. The best House of Furniture in England for £5O , 14144. Write for particulars. v„". Excellent, opportunity for matrimonial candidates. lerni,7„Pretty HOUSE OF FURNITURE, only recently to order by a good provincial house. Wortley s can I'l4 1,1 exceptional bargain. The lot complete cost £250, • 'Lurnished in exquisite style, and is now no worse than f'ls,isrinif perfectly clean ann fresh). Price tor the lot, When we say it contains solid Furniture for D. raw- ',.4.chi,Vng, and two Bed Rooms, besides all the sundries for fiervant's Bedroom, Hall Furniture, Carpets and i tiark.,jurri for ail looms, there is no further need to say t is a wertl4;_ Come and see for yourself. A complete list for- 7arlYone taking the trouble to write tor it. ,7441,..„4 ROUST,: OF FURNITURE. plain, but strong and "otitsitable for shooting box, seaside dwelling, or small w tot, 'opse, price £lB 10s. Seeni-detached HOUSE OF FURNITURE (rent £5O). The whole of this furnitur, including a LeWiak r-eYer pianoforte, is in splendid condition, contains dining-room, sitting-room, four bedrooms, ^4Leloth roona, hall. kitchen, ani cellars, ,No carpets or thri tho heavy furniture wil, be offered by • kers ipl a on lot or separate. n one lot for £l5O, cost k4h.,n e P Cculars supplied post free. C3IIBAT BARGAINS IN tOt FURNITURE. 150. A Magnificent Solid Oak Dining-room Suite, by s‘r,flett, consisting of a magnificent suite of couch, two ease kik,lrs,aud 12 single chairs, in morocco, stuffed all through tt.`,l4 finest curled hair ; a splendid suite, beautitully upho I- TC:1, comfortable and luxurious; price 20 guineas,cost £B5. bideboard is all solid oak to mateh, is a fine ape. imen of hiZ, cabinet work; price £l4, cost £45. The massive 10 feet ;-„''ait Table to match for £B, cost £25, Ihe suite complete iqt,"%°ue lot, far £4O; suite. sideboard, and table the cheapest, W13,..41 Great Britain. Inspect at once, or will be sold.— Astat,, t„..tot 17a • • rad A Very Massive Soild Oak Dining-room Suit. Banning, consisting of suite of :5 pieces, con h. "Nle 116,„Olairs, and 12 high-class standard padded back 417"ra, late the property of a nobleman ; th, suite 42oroec0l'st have cost £l5O to £2OO. It is upholstered in only 20 and his a set of loose covers ; our price for the lot tittioreountberdnw:ictiStaftelrity design hetTine,a• The sideboard ;t; magnificent, boils in ; the back is divided he three parts, sur- beautiful Corinthian cornice and capitals, 12f0. the low vstat mirrors are eiegently litt.tl in the re- 'eaae worth £ .ce er part is als Pn (may 235. -108R.45. 0 massive and elegantly fitted; klatch for £l5 15s roateh, cost £3O, for" A fine 12 feet dining table to rdture o tiass second-hand f, A splendid overmantel to y requires to be b-eri to Anyone requiring really high- out !..• ,ot 213. A Spanish Mahogany lb' - e4l,glit to inspect this lot at once ; a speedy clearance. with 9-plece dining-roorn. iningt:reowo,, oom Suite, nom- ;fftie 7-feettwo easy irsv, and six fine massive singlesuitecheairs in morocco, Spanish mahogan sideboard, a.-41 a 10-feet tXamvish mahogany dining table oYn heavy carved supports hole lot for £:.5. would cost £l2O new. -WOR,LtiX

DINING-ROOM

RE AT BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE. 1,.L0t 516. A DRAWING-ROOM, one of the most perfectly 47bItihed rooms imagina%le, containing furniture of the 440 t, stylish, recherche. fascinating description. The ebe carved Chippendale, being dull polished so highly reciated new in society, and although second-hand itecinite perfect, so perfect that it would puzzle an uphol- lsh,t, to tell it had been used, all that art could do hay- sArJust been completed to make the furniture equal to being essential that drawing-room furniture should be eakt'ullty fresh. The suite contains settee, two Princess easy sip rk a carved back chair, and four variously designed occa- s,:al chairs, the whole being upholstered in rich Genoa lunve,t• The cabinet is sft ; Mooresque in style, having a IsitPsb carved curtain canopy ; the whole is britliautly fitted 1,,,v7 curiously shaped panels of bevelled plate glass, the r Portion containing china encasements. The overma.ntel 4 o_e Itwhes, the coal cabinet ditto, and last, but not least. there "t of four occasional tables of wierd style.eaeli different. sso: 'thole, as before staled, forms a charming suite, well tDa:L: 250 guineas • price for immetiate sale 85 guineas. In- H.WORSLEY, Gaythorn, Manchester. 1'144_15,3. A Magnificent Drawing-room Suite, secand hand, to new,in walnut,cust £5 ),tor £l2 leg. The h kis I"ffonier to match, with glass back and marble top, Lo—tu,loo• Overmantel to match, 455. A Very Pretty Chippendale Drawing-room Suite. /444,111 silk covering, exquisitely upholstered, most stylish in tkbr, for £l5 15s; worth £35. Moorish Chippendale to match, for £l5 15s. Overmantel, urawing-room Suites on view, £3 lOs to £5O _ A T BARGAINS tot FURNITURE. 913. I3edroom Furniture' handsome, very bold, and in itkal4rnal,des gn, by Doveston, and consists of a very massive L,'lllla;,"',. • containing all modern fitments, with a pair of Zola i:'Plate glass full dress folding doors. The dressing iTaato.-_Pedestal fitted with numerous drawers and sur- ,mttad`.,'l wi:h brilliant swing mirror attached to elegantly- glarbiacwel drawers. The washstand is filted with Carrara Ittibe.,t°'', also Carrari marble back, as superior to tiles, M 443 f0","50 with shaving mirror, There is a fine table de nuit N,ur chairs and tov. el airer. The wardrobe is 7ft. 6in, ; ik_ttl•blet sft. The suite cost £175 ; price 65 guineas. lota4sle returned if not satisfactory. The very heavy solid ?Plasedr!ab bedstead of this room Is a surprise, being in.'- t:taq wiA the handsomest in the North of England ; it s quadruple wire mattress and quite new hair mat- for Ny',Elets thelot, £2B 15s. The bedstead alone cost 9-„"RSLEY'S, Manchester. trte, A high-c'ass solid American walnut bedroom tt, very :uIY and superbly carved in has relief. This suite is "e fikt brierior style and workmanship, and is unique horn viPa th t . abu at it the only one of tha kind in the world. It b;kls I,tbe usual pieces as in lot 3. but the sizes are 6ft. s L'llel°-`and 4ft 6'i dre • smg n table and washstand ; the h__-xtist,4te all •d American walnut with the finest ,17nt,11'urr walnutT oprsicle£3s worth £7O The brass Persian Ofnilar to lot 3, but not so massive; price £l5 WO itSLEY'S, Manchester. •11° 1,.5)1,40 -11 Y BUYERS—The enormous patron- go,.;Lshir.—.l°Ved by Worslev's from customers all over Nit5,,,411,4111-e, mYobartitksThidir,e,,,Cntdie,is.vhirle' The Potteries. all over the 4 will prove how much is the 1/44.WillTt" by Pu'rehasinga east Worsley's. In tuture a.r- -tist,lttia Paid on all orders over £2O to ilny part of Eng- t44l tkrpobtAilleedß•thlt is only fair to say that better value could i and the Second- It rbifu an Worsley's New Gout•s• a • ever re • bewcers dernorall.,es competi- 'bt. Pay .tiry doirsatiaeny?se Manchester, quite 5J per ;yoyuouliviv•illtsraTe

IN BEDROOM

GOnA Terms of business : and delivered free. It-a:l:Ler by graduated payments. tve..roaternent fro:n advertised bargains. ear..sip,a.:sTthh7ePdaonortlif which is i Ottit,„3lllthe absolutel v guaranteed. lotanheteotisiteer 110134 Central Stition. ycitultiotrenec VERY DIY. JD.% SINIISS, 9 to 7 E

THE DUKE of DEVONSHIRE has The Duke of not been much to the front lately Devonshire. as a political speechmaker, but he again broke the ice, so to speak, at a meeting of Conservative delegates at Swansea on Wednesday. Perhaps his Grace's temporary retirement from the political platform was partly due to the fact that the speeches he made a few months ago have, in the light of subsequent events, turned out to bo rather unfortunate utterances. People do not for- get, for instance, that he promised the country a period of repose as a result of the return of a Unionist Government. As it happens, repose is the very thing which the country has not ob- tained. The speech of Wednesday was framed in a cautious key. There was no attempt made on this occasion to forecast the future and there were even one or two notable omissions from the defence of the Govornment's policy. No allusion V'as, for example, made to that extraordinary production of reactionary Toryism, the Agricultural Rating Bill, which the Government is forcing through the House of Commons by a constant use of the closure. On this subject the Dulut of DEVONSHIRE had nothing to say, and it is not at all improbable that he con- siders the less said the better it will be for his own party. But if Tory and Unionist speakers care- fully avoid this question there are, fortunately, plenty of other people who do not hesitate to make themselves heard in opposition. The Government should begin to realise the reprehensible character of their proposals when Town Councils are protest- ing against the Bill. This is what has been done by the Crewe Town Council, which is able to give very convincing reasons for the action it has taken. It is proposed by this Bill to hand over 2,000,000 a year to the owners of agricultural land, for there can be little doubt that the money will, soon er or later and directly or indirectly, find its way into the pockets of that small and privi- leged class. Roughly speaking, therefore, this means that the people of the country will be taxed at the rate of a shilling per head per annum for the benefit of rural landlords. Reckoned upon this basis the contribution of the borough of Crewe will amount to £2,000 a year. The Cor- poration of that town rightly protest against the exaction. It is pointed out that if the £2,000 were placed at the disposal of the Corporation "it would suffice to pay the annual instalment of principal and interest on the loan of £39,100 at three per cent. for thirty years," by means of which loan various useful and much needed improve-

ments might be carried out without any additional cost to the ratepayers. Then, again, it is pointed out that the agriculturists surrounding Crewe are really less in need of assistance than the towns- people themselves. The workmen are nearly all employed in the works of the London and North- Western Railway Company and these works have been on short time during the greater part of the last three years. The result is that even the agricultural labourers of the district have been in a better position than the workingmen in the borough. Yet the latter are to be called upon to contribute through the medium of the taxed articles they consume, and in other ways, for the benefit of the landlords and the farmers. The Rating Bill when viewed in the light thrown upon it by this petition is clearly seen to be a mon- strous piece of class legislation, and it is, perhaps, surprising that more Town Councils and other representative bodies in the urban districts have not protested against it. In a town like War- rington, for instance,with an estimated population of nearly 60,000,the contribution, on the basis of a shilling per head,amounts to nearly £3,000 a year. The Corporation of this town could certainly join with that of Crewe in saying that such a sum as that would enable them to carry out several very necessary improvements. The Rating Bill being what it is, there is nothing surprising in the fact that the DuKE of DEVONSHIRE did not deal with it, especially when addressing a town audience. The Duke is in some respects a plain blunt man, and it is not at all unlikely that, if he had referred to the Bill, he would have candidly admitted its true character—that it will be and was intended to be in the interests of the landlords. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S own colleagues have been singu- larly chary in awarding him praise for his methods of dealing with the South African difficulty. The Duke of DEVONSHIRE made some amends for this on Wednesday, though a few remarks on the latest developments would have been listened to with interest. It is evident that the whitewashing of the Chartered Compaq and its managing directors is not helping the prisoners in Pretoria. The four leading Johanesburcrers who were con- demned to death have had their sentences re- duced to fifteen years' imprisonment. This is still a more severe punishment than was expected, and it is believed that it will be further reduced.linfor- tunately, the English Government has not placed itself in a position to interfere with good effect. It has practically declined to even prosecute the

===== 0002601_18960523_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIE EXAMINER SATURI )AY, MAY 23, 1896.

ringleaders in the plot to upset the Boer Govern- ment, and the latter will, therefore, almost feel bound to make its :punishments more severe than it would otherwise have done.

THE coronation ceremony which , The Czar's Coionation is being conducted on a very magnificent scale at Moscow, is naturally leading many people to ask what sort of man the new CZAR is. That is, however, a question which it is easier to ask than to answer. There is either not a great deal known about the Russian Autocrat or else what is known is rjot made public. One of the fullest biographies of the young ruler is that given by Mr. STEAD in this month's " Review of Reviews," but even this account falls far short of satisfying public curio- sity. In one respect NICHOLAS 11. has an advan- tage over some of his predecessors on the Russian throne,and that is in regard to education. By the , time he was twenty-one he could, it is said, speak fluently in four languages—Russian, German, French and English. His course of reading has included the works of Shakespeare, Scott, Dickens and Robert Louis Stevenson, and in French his favourite authors are Victor Hugo and Lamartine. In his days of greater freedom and less responsi- bility he more than once visitedlthis country. He was present at the marriage of the DUKE of YORK, and—strange experience for a Russian ruler—he has listened from the Distinguished Strangers' Gallery of the House of Commons to the out- spoken debates of the elected representatives of the people. Ho has too seen more of the world than most other Russian princes. In 1891, he travelled to India, and visited China and Japan. In this last-named country he narrowly escaped assassination. As he was passing through one of the narrow streets a native policeman suddenly struck at him with a sword and inflicted a wound on the head, and if it had not been for the prompt interposition of Prince GEORGE of Greece the CZAR might not have been the central figure at the present celebrations in Moscow. With reference to his political leanings, it is said that the CZAR was at one time strongly in favour of an understanding with England. Whether he still holds the same opinions is not known, though after certain recent events byth in the Turkey and in the Further East, it may be doubted whether he is quite so well dis- posed towards this country as he used to be.

TIM TIMBER TBADTC ON THE CANAL. Where is every probability that the traffic on the Ship Canal in Runcorn and the district will be somewhat brisk during the next few weeks. There are 13 or 14 vessels expected to bring large cargoes of timber as far as Runcorn layt y to be transhipped into barges for con• veyance to Manchester. The first of the fleet arrived at Saltport on Thursday with a cargo of 1,800 tons of logs for various merchants in Lancashire. It is expected that the wharves whereby the accommodation at the lavby has been extended, will be used for the first time since their construction by the timber vessels which are expected so soon to reach this neighbourhood. This Increased traffic,it is to be hoped, will have the effect of providing employment for a number of unemployed workmen.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
J. S. GARLAND, CYCLE AGENT, BRIDGR-STRUT, WARRINGTON. DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR

10 GUINEA. LADIES' SATY. WEIGHT I,lLui. _ _

Sole AgPnt for " New Rapid" CYCLES. Immediate Delivery Guaranteed. No Waiting.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND 1.7-.[II)NES.

MILL BROW WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN. The above school held the anniversary services on Sunday last in the'Elalton Road Church. The Rev. George Bask of Manchester, formerly a minister in the circuit, preached at both services. Special music was rendered by the scholars, asiisted by the choir. The collections for the day totalled £23, which is an advance of £2 ftn the previous year. RUNCORN AND DISTRICT TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.

On Friday evening„ under the auspices ot the above association a public meeting will be held in the Bethesda Lecture Hall, Runcorn. The meeting is called to con- sider some of the details of the Education Bill now be- fore Parliament. Mr. J. C. Horobin, M.A., will deliver an address. Managers of schools, teachers and others interested in the question of education, are cordially invited.

BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN.

On Sunday the anniversary sermons in connection with the above Sunday school ware preached in the Bethesda Church, by the Rev. A. H. Cullen of Manches- ter. In the afternoon the Rev.o de P. Gliddon of Halton, gave an instructive address on" Five stones o.tof a brook." The attendance throughout was very good,and the collections amounted to £8 ss. id. a trifle less than the amount taken last year. MERSEY MISSION TRIP, RUNCORN....

On Whit-Tuesday this annual excursion will be held as usual. As in recent years it has been an unqualified success, there is every reason to believe it will be largely patronised. Every accommodation has been provided, and the" Snowdrop" being a New Brighton boat, the tare charged (Is. 61), will include all pier dues at New Brighton. It is expected that the excursion will be ac- compani..d by the Volunteer band. Further particulars will be found in an advertisement.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUNK AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday before Messrs. F. J. Norman and J. W. Lightburn at the Runcorn Police Court, Henry Peaketh Mather, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in High-street on the previous day, from the evidence of P.C. Booth it was proved that prisoner was found drund, and creating a disturbance in High-street in the evening. The officer who had previously warned him for begging in Ir well-lane, locked him up. Defendant was ordered either to pay 20s. and ss. 4d. costs or in default compulsory retirement for 21 days.

SALE OF PROPERTY AT RUNCORN. On Monday evening Mr. Luke Holmes offered for sale at the South Bank Hotel several lots of property situ- ated in Mersey-3t., Granville-at., Cooper st., Union-st., Bentinck-st., and Hope-st., Runcorn. The dwelling- house, 8, Cooper-st., with garden land in the rear, Bub- ject to a ground rent of £2 133. per annum, was pur- chased by Mr. Dugdala of Alvanley; for £lO5. The freehold dwelling-house at 52, Union-st., occupied by Mr. Samuel Fletcher, was sold for £165 to Mr. Parting" ton. The rest of the lots when put up did not reach the reserve, and were accordingly withdrawn. Air. F. A. Lake was the solicitor for the matter. ACCIDENT AT THE OLD QUAY RUNCORN. On Saturday morning about seven o'clock, Thomas Cox of Halton, was seriously injured, while assisting to load the steamer" Homewood," lying in the Ship Can with brickettes. While on the stage it is believed he wa Feized with giddiness foT he fell off into the vessel's hold, a depth of more than a dozen feet. Dr. McDougall was at once sent for, and on examination found toe man suffering from severe laceration on the left side of the face, compound fracture of the jaw in several places, fracture of two or three ribs and serious shock to the system. On being taken home he was placed under the care of Dr. Carruthers and under that gentleman's ad- vice was taken to the Royal Infirmary Liverpool on Sat- urday night.

RUNCORN CTCLE CLUB. The church parade, which is now an annual event in connection with the above club,took place on Saturday. The members and a number of unattached wheelmen met at the headquarters, Bridze-street,about two o'clock and a start was made for Dutton where the club was received by the Vicar, the Rev. J. Holden. The machines were left on the vicarage lawn, after which the cyclists numbering about. 60 and including several ladies attended a spceial service. The service was conducted by the vicar, the Rev. J. Holden, who preached an appropriate ad lress. A collection was taken on behalf of the Warrington Infirmary.—The Saturday section of the club made Sale Botanical Gardens the headquarters for the week end run, and a pleasant afternoon was spent. The, Wednesday fixture for the club run should have been Cranage but the weather was so unfavourable that very few of the members turned out.

RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL AND SHIP CANAL BILL

A special meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Coun- cil was held on Monday afternoon at the Workhouse, Dutton, for the signing and sealing of a petition to the House of Lords against the proposals of the Ship Canal Bill to close the tidal openings. The chair was occupied 1 by Mr. J. Mclntyre, J. P. The Clerk (Mr. A3hton) read the petition, which was a very lengthy one. It clearly indicated the townships,the area, and the rateable value of the Council's district, as well as the length of frontage on the canal ;.showing that sewage works had been con- structed in Appleton, Frodsham, Frodsham Lordship and Weston;: explained that by the Act of 1885 the Canal Company undertook not to interfere with the sewers until they had provided fresh outfalls ; pointed out that they had failed to d,o that, and proceedings were insti- tuted for an injunction to restrain them, which was granted, and it was made a cocdition precedent that they should enter into the agreement of 1891 ; that the Company had not constructed all the works under the agreement ; and the memorialists urged that the tidal openings being closed would interfere with the sewers. They claimed to have the Bill dismissed, but if their Lordships considered the preamble proved, to have cer- tain clauses inserted for the full protection of the Coun- cil's district.—On the motion of Mr. Heywood, seconded by Mr. Aaron, it was unanimously resolved to affix the seal of the Board to the petition, which was accordingly done, and the same afternoon it was forwarded to London, Tuesday being the last day for receiving • memorials.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND THE CANAL BILL.

On Wedneecia.;,-a meeting of the Parliamentary Corn- mittee of the Runcorn District Council took place at the Town Hall. Runcorn. The Ship Canal Bill as it is to be presented to the House of Lords was fully considered and it was decided,seeing the amendments made by the House of Commons,to recommend that no further steps be taken in oppositioa to the Bill.—At the same meet- ing it was decided to petition against the Bill confirm- ing certain provisional orders made by the Local Govern- ment Board in connection with the Port Sanitary Auth- ority. The grounds for the petition were based on tae fact that it would be unjust to throw upon a small district a burden far in excess of thdt placed on districts which are rapidly increasing and will have control over and obtain the chief benefits to be derived from the authority. The injustice was shown by a comparison of the amount in the wiled on the rates which the pro- posel scheme would inflict. If the only expenditure reached £l,BOO the Rural Council would have to levy a rate of nearly Is. 21. in the 2, while Manchester would only require 1-18 and Salford 1-5 in the 2 for their share. But as unjust as this is it would eventually besome more so, for as traffic was making to the Man- chester end the benefit to Runcorn deminished. The memorial contended that if Runcorn had to contribute to the anthority, other districta such as Widnes, War- rington, Ellesmere Port, Irla.m and Manchester should also pay a share.

TRH APPROACH OF WHITSUNTID3 AT RUNCORN. The coming of Whitsuntide at Ruocorn is perhaps, to the juvenile portion of the community, one of the most important events of the year. The mere fact of the period being the Whitsun season does not provide any theme for interest to most of the children,but its atten- dant features, the gala day en Monday, the travelling on Tuesday, and the cessation of school for the week, make it a time to be looked forward to with eager anti- cipation. Most of the organisations and schools taking part in the procession are now busy making prepara- tions for the event which will follow very much on the lines laid down in former years. For Tuesday there are any amount of attra;•tions, chief of which will be the Seamen's Mission trip. Mr. Shaw has again fixed this pleasant outing for Tuesday, and has chartered a steamer to take his patrons down the river to Liverpool and New Brighton. The railway companies are also putting forth announcements bearing upon the different attractions of both local and distant pleasure resorts. Looking at the bills anyone will see thi.t for the next week travelling will be cheap to nearly all available pleasure grounds in this part of England, while longer period excursions can be made to as far as scotland on the one side, and London ,on th, other. Business in Runcorn for two or three days will be at a stand still. As will be seen from an announcement in our advertising columns the Manchester Ship Canal Cmnpany give netice of their in- tention to suspend work at Runcorn Docks, Bridgewater Wharves, and Saltport on Monday and Tuesday. The schools in the district are also closing this week end, for the Whit-week,so the the holidays as far as the children are concerned,will not be trammelled with the thoughts of education either under the new or old code. Mcst of the business houses and firms in the Gown will be closed on Monday and Tuesday.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
HONOUR FOR A RUNCORN COUNIY

COUNCILLOR.

On Thursday afternoon news was received in Runcorn that Mr. P. Speakman,a Runcorn represen- tative on the Cheshire County Council,had been se- lected to fill an aldermanic vacancy on the Council. Mr. Speakman is well known in Runcorn, and the honour shown him has been well deserved. Not only has he been a member of the County Cum:mil since that august body was formed, but he is also on the Commission of Peace, and officiates as a magistrate on the Bench. He is also a mem- ber of the Runcorn Urban Pistrict Council. As Mr. Speakman is a supporter of the Liberal cause the news was received with pleasure by the Liberals of the town who the same evening began to cast about for a Liberal candidate for the coming election to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Speak man's promotion to the aldermanic seat. A meet- ing was called the same evening (Thursday) in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom and a number of active Liberals attended, including Mtssrs. Basnett, S. Crosby, J. Greenhalgh, B. Kniveton, S. Walton, J. W. Bailey, W. Hoxv.,orth, J. Wilson. W. Mundy, P. Leathwood. Wicktball and others. Mr. Speakman occupied the chair, after congratulatory speeches had been made by several gentlemen on the distinguished honour conferred upon the chair, the meeting proceeded to select a candidate to stand in the coming election to represent the Liberal in- terests. On the motion of Mr. J. Bazley, seconded by Mr. Hoxworth, and supported by Messrs. .Knive- ton, Dean. and Posnett, it was resolved to ask Mr. A. R. Norman, to allow himself to be nominated. Mr. Norman accepted the invitation and thanked the meeting for the confidence it had reposed in him.—There is every reason to believe that a con- test for the seat will be the result, and already ramour is busy with the names of several promin- ent Conservates likely to oppose Mr. Norman. As the election will very quickly follow—probably next Saturday but one—something definite will have to be speedily settled.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

THE NOMINATIONS.

On Thursday evening a epee-jai meeting of the Run. corn Football Club was held in the large room connected with Mr. Riley's cafe, Bridge-st., to receive nomina- tions for the respective offices. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. Carroll, and there was a fair attendauce.The following is a list of the nominations :—President, Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., Co. Aid.; vice-presidents, his Grace the Duke of Westminster ; Sir John T. Bruener, Bart., MY. ; Sir Richard Marcus Brooke, Bart. ; and Sir Joseph Verdin. Bart. : treasurer, Mr. C. Flown'll ; secre- tary, Messrs. J. E. Langshaw and J. Ellison ; assistant secretary, Mr. J. Ellison; committee, Messrs. Carroll,A. Lightburn, W. Jones, W. Collier, J. Tudor, W. E. Dud- ley, W. Cawley, .1. Fraser, T. Whinyates, W. Nield, T. Robinson, D. Ligntfoot, W. Cooper, T. Cooper, E. Key, S. Abrams, J. E. Langshaw, A. Hough, J. Goodwell, J. Cragg, T. Anderton, El. Farmer, R. Briscoe, S. Houghton, W. Moston, and P. Deakin ; captain, first team. Mr. W. Faulkner ; sub- capt&in, first team, Mr. T. Warder; captain, second team, Mr. W. Gregory : sub-captain, second team, Mr. E. Woodward; auditors, Messrs. E. Lunt and T. C. Cooper. The committee consists of twelve members who will be selected out of the twenty-six nominated. The annual meeting is announced for next Thursday even- ing,but after being formally opened,it will be adjourned to a date to be selected. THE TESTIMONIAL FUND.

A meeting of the committee having in hand the rais- ing of the testimonial for the players of the Runcorn Football Club was held on Wednesday evening. The Secretary, Mr. W. E. Dudley, intimated that the reports of the book-holders were satisfactory. The subscrip- tions were coming in liberally, and there was every promise of success attending the scheme.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY DEATH OF A RUNCORN CHILD.

SUPPOSED FATAL FALL FROM A SWING.

Mr. Worsley held an inquest at the Police Station, Runcorn,on Tuesday,on the body of Lawrence Lenghna, who died on Saturday last at 19, Friar-st. Runcorn. Annie Lenghna, wife af James Lenghna, chemical labourer, said the deceased was her child and was three years Old. About a month ago her child fell off a swing between two walls. Her son was brought home crying, , and another child told her that—" Cissie Donovan haul knocked him off the swing." He was not well afterwards and she had to call a doctor who attended him up to the time of his death.—Dr. Delaney, said he was called to see the deceased and attended him up to the time of death. The child complained of pains in the region of the spine. The deceased died on Saturday night and the cause of death was meningitis. It was possible that meningitis might have occurred without the fall but a severe fall might have set it up. He would say that death was from meningitis probably occasioned by the fall. There was a slight contusion of the forehead. —Catherine Donovan, a girl of about 10 years, living in Friar-st.' said she remembered deceased falling from the swing. There was a lot of children playing on the swing and deceased in jumping off it fell. He said he was not hurt, and he did not tumble on his head.—A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned.

Music.—" The Ot phan's Prayer" is the title of a new and tenderly pathetic ballad, the words of which are by Mr. L. B. Butler,and the music by Mons. Gustave Chan- doir. The song is rendered at the St. James' Hall, Lon- don, by Master Buffery, and as a loncly boy's supplica- tion to his departed mother it is extremely touchirw,and meets with the greatest possible success. Mr.Butter,the author, it may be mentioned, is secretary to Messrs. Moore and Burgess.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DROWNING OF A SEAMAN AT

ItIINCOItN

INQUEST.

On Tuesday morning at the Police Statior,Mr.Worsley held an itquest on the body of Donald Sanderson, an able bodiea seaman, aged 34, who was drowned in the Weston Canal on Saturday night. Donald Tabish, an able-bodied sailor on board the Kenilworth, said he had known Donald Sanderson 7 or 8 weeks since he had been with the vessel. Deceased was a seaman. On Saturday the Kenilworth was lying at Weston Point and he and deceased came to Runcorn. They left the ship about 4 30,and made some purchases in Runcorn. It was close to eleven o'clock when they left the " Duke of Wellington "for the ship. When they got on board they turned back for a cap deceased had missed. Deceased had had more drink than he had but they were both under the influence of drink. They went back and passed the " Duke of Wellington." They could not find the cap so returned towards the ship. They were going down to the canal making for the bank and deceased who was about ten yards before him fell into the canal. He lay down on the bank and saw deceased come up. He was about three yards from him and he went down and never came up again. He could not swim but called out and a man came. He told the man that he had lost his mate down there (pointing to the canal) and the man looked down and said there was no man there. Some other men came along and he told them and one offered to dive but he teld the man that deceased was dead. He then went on board and told the captain who said he could not do anything."—William Johnson, landlord of the Duke of Wellington public-house, said he saw deceased and the last witness at his house. They came in about half-past eight. They stayed about five or ten minutes. Deceased was slightly under the influ- ence of drink though not drunk, while the previous wit- ness seemed sober. Deceased came out with very bad language, and he persuaded them to go out. P.C. Gregory said he was present when the body was recovered. It was fully dressed except the hat. He examined the boiy and there were no marks of violence. He had in his pockets Zs. 6d., a knife, a box of matches, and some receipts. From the ship's papers he found deceased's age was 34. He was found in the Weston casual near the Arnold Dock. For anyone not knowing the way very well it was a dangerous path. In answer to the Coroner: The road could be protected.—Continu- ing, a man named James Porter made a statement to him that he (Porter) was going to Runcorn about 12.30 when he met a man, and he told him something which he could not understand as he was that drunk he could not speak. Porter said he told the man to go home and mind he did not go down. On the Sunday when he heard of the man being found in the canal. Porter thought that the incident had something to do with it. Porter had since sailed. Witness also saw the captain of the Kenilworth who said that Tabish did not tell him of the accident until Sunday morning about eight o'clock. He then gave information to the police. The Coroner in putting the case to the jury, said the explanation of the matter was that the two men were hopelessly intoxicated. The story told by Tabish was probably true in substance, but he was cot in a position ta remember the times and places connected with the occurrence. They must have both being hopelessly in- toxicated, and the wonder was that the other man had not fallen in. It had been said that the road was dan- gerous. He did not know if there was anyone present in connection with any authority governing the road, but if so attention might be drawn to the fact that the road was dangerous, and it would be better if it was made safe —A Juror: The road is a private one.—The Coroner: In that case we can only send a recommenda- tion. A verdict of "Found drowned" was returned, and the foreman stated that he would see the owner of the road, and place the recommendation of the jury before him. Donald Sanderson, the seaman who was unfortunately drowned on Saturday, leaves a wife and four children, and the widow wrote to the superintendent of police stating that she was unable to come to Runcorn and had no means to bury her husband. Through the representa- tions of Mr. Shaw ef the Seamen's Missionary, the body was buried in the sailors' grave. At the Cemetery on Thursday Mr. Shaw was met by Mr. W. Byfield, Mr. T. Shaw, and a number of sailors who attended the funeral.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUNK AND ASSAULTING THE POLICE

AT RUNCORN.

A MELEE IN DUKE-STREET.

At the Petty Sessions held at Runcorn on Monday morning. William Walker was charged with being drunk and aisorderly in Duke-at.. on Saturday night, with assaulting P.C. Wylie at the same time and place. and with damaging a policeman's uniform to the extent of 153.—P.C. Wylie said he was on duty on Saturday night about 11.30 with Inspectornicks, Sergeant Lee, and P.C. Lakin. Their attention was directed to Duke- St., where they proceeded and found the street in an up- roar. There was a general disturbance in which Walker was the ringleader. Walker, a 11,n asked refused to give his name, and the Inspector told witness to take the prisoner down to the police station. Prisoner refused to go and became very abusive, and kicked him several times about the legs. Sergeant Lee assisted him, and prisoner becoming quiet he was left to take him on to the police station. On the way prisoner was again very violent and kicked him about the legs and tore his trousers. He had to handcuff prisoner before he could get him down. Inspector Hicks said that while he was in Duke-street thero was a most disorderly and rough crowd, such as he had not seen in Runcorn for at least 12 months. The prisoner and two other men who were also in custody were fighting and he ordered P.C. Wylie to take him to the Police Station. Prisoner was both impudent and abusive. He saw him assault the constable. If there had been less than four constables there, one of them would have been seriously injured in the melee.—Prisoner was fined 53. and 63.4 d. costs for being drunk, 103. and 53. costs for the assault and 15s. damage to the uniforn. George Handles was also charged with being drunk and disorderly in Duke-3treet on Saturday night and also with assaulting P.C. Lakin.—P.C. Lakin,who stated the case, said that during the course of the disturbance he was helping P.C. Wylie when prisoner who WAS standing at the back struck him a blow under the ear. He at once arrested the defendant who was drunk.—lnspector Hicks said that while Constable Lakin was assisting Wylie he saw the defendant deliberately strike Lakin behind the ear.—Fined ss. and 63. 4d. costs for druaken- ness and 103. and 17s. costs for the assault. Arising out of the same cases was a charge of drunkenness while in Duke-street against Nicholas Johnson.—P.C. Wylie stated that defendant was one of the ringleaders but quietened down when he saw the police.—A fine of 53. and costs amounting in all to us. 4d. was imposed.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSBAIS.

TEACHERS' PICNIC. —On Saturday afternoon the teachers connected with OyArton Sunday school, ac- companied by the Revs. W. T. Dickenson and E. A. Simms, left Frodsham by the 1.38 train for Chester whence they were conveyed per waggonette to Hawar- den Castle. After spending a couple of hours in and about the castle and grounds, a substantial tea was pro- vided at the Glynne Arms. The rest of the afternoon was spent in visiting the church and other points of in- terest in the locality, and the pleasant outing was thoroughly enjoyed, Frodsham being reached about nine o'clock. The entire expense of the excursion was borne by the Misses Wright, who take a deep interest in the working of the church Sunday school.

FAULESTOWN BAPTIST CHURCH. The special anniversary services in aid of the Sunday School connected with the above church were held on Sunday. At each service there were large congregations, and appropriate discourses were preached morning and evening by the Rev. G. W. Brooker, of Leigh, special hymns being sung by the choir. In the afternoon a sacred recital was given by the choir and the Earlestown Orchestral Society, the latter under the leadership of Mr. Ashley. The following programme was efficiently submitted " Agnus Dei " sand; anthem " I was glad " choir; song" The promise of the Ring " Miss Limond ; "The Gloria" band; solo, Mr. Clarke; anthem " Praise ye the Lord." choir ; song "Two cities," Miss M. Partington ; anthem ; "The song of Jubilee." choir; sacred solo "The heavenly song," Mr. A. Limond ; selection " L'Amour au Village," band. Mr. Eckersley presided at the organ. The collections at the three services amounted to .E 38.2

PLEASANT SAILINOS TO MOSTYN.—During the Whit- suntide holidays c9mmencing next Saturday May 23), the fast paddle saloon steamer " Flying Falcon" will sail from the Prince's ',sliding Stage. Liverpool, for Mostvn in North Wales. This is stated to be the best and iuickest route to Holywell. St. Winifride Well, Pan- tasaph, Prestatyn, and Rhyl, and the fares chart.ed are most reas(onable. Further particulars will be found in our advertising columns.

Before Mr. Justice Hawkins on Monday ,Henry Trow- bridge Pockett, moncy-lender, Stroud-green, London, was sentenced to six months' hard labour and to pay a fine of £5OO for obtaining money by false pretences from people who wanted to borrow.

The l'toyal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLosB Is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starche" men. Fee., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall. says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss.' " From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes end Polishes. but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d., and 61., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIM FOR DISMISSAL BY AN

===== 0002601_18960523_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOPirN COLLIER.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, James Downs,collier, Legh-street, Earlestown, claimed from the Collins Green Colliery Company £2 damages for dismissal on the 13th March last in lieu of notice. The company made a counter-claim for £4 43. for neglect of work at various times previously extending to January.—Mr. Riley, solicitor, St. Helens, appeared in support of the claim on behalf of the St. Helens Branch of the Miners Federation. Mr. Percy Davies, solicitor, represented the defendant

company. James Downs stated that he had been employed as a collier by the Collins Green Colliery Company for a number of years. When he was engaged he signed an agreement with the company. On the 13th of March he had finished_ a " place " in the mine. The under-

manager told witness that there were no more empty places for him and witness and his mates must fetch their tools out of the pit. They did so. Witness went to the colliery on the following day about three o'clock in the afternoon, and saw John Thomas Mehers, one of the underground foremen, and asked him it he could find him (witness) a place. Mehers said he hadn't time to look round then, but told him to ccme again. Witness did so, and Mehers then told him that if he weuld come again on the following Friday he would find him a place. Witness went but Mehers then said that Mr. Cunliffe had put on another . .

set of men in the place where he (Mehers) was thinking of setting witness and others to work. Witness did not go to the colliery again but he afterwards received a message from the miners agent (Mr. Glover) stating that Mr. Jackson, the manager of the Collins Green Colliery wanted to see hina. Mr. Jackson asked witness about Mr. Glover's letter which claimed wages for wit- ness in lieu of notice of dismissal. Mr. Jackson asked him whether it would not be better to put his money in the Post Office instead of in the Miners' Union. Wit- ness said it might be but he did not think so. He also I told Mr. Jackson that h^ had to let Mr. GI )ver know I what Mr. Jackson had said. Mr. Jackson then told him that he could tell Mr. Glover to proceed with the case and he would defend it. Witness had not been able to get work since he was told,to bring his tools out on the 13th March last. He never received seven days' notice. —ln answer to questions by Mr. Davies witness said he was paid by the ton. He did not know he would finish the place or contract on which he had entered by a certain time. He could not tell how long the place would last. The under-manager did not tell him seven days before he was told to bring his tools out that the company would not be able to keep him on when the place was finished. He did not know his employment would cease. He supposed the Colliery Company would find him another place as they had done previously or give him a week's notice. Witness did complain to the manager when free h men were engaged before himself or his brother. He was ill when he stayed away from his work. He had earned as much as 94. a day at the colliery. He had not refused to work for the company. He admitted that he told Mr. Jackson in the interview he had with him that he (witness) was not making the claim against the company. He did not know the Federation was claiming £2 damages.—On being re-examined by Mr. Riley, witness said that the. com- pany had changed his place in the colliery about twice. William Downs, 61, Viaduct-st., Earlestown, said he had worked as drawer for his brother (the plaintiff), at the Collins Green Colliery Company for about eight years. He corroborated the plaintiff's statement as to lbeing told to bring his tools out. He considered that as receiving the "sack." Witness did not belong to the Miners' Federation. rie had since found work at another colliery. For the defence,Mr. Davies said the greater portion of the evidence was untrue. The plaintiff and others were engaged in a certain place and were to remove the coal at a certain price per ton. The work had nothing to do with the engagement contract. When they had cleared the place their work was finished and the plain- tiff and those working with him knew it. Some time before they had removed all the coal at that place, the plaintiff was told by the manager that he would soon be finished. The plaintiff knew that he would then be out of work. He was a man who had not attended to his work regularly. Sometimes he only worked one day a week, and he was told that when he had finished the piece on which he was engaged the company would not have him any longer. When he left he never knew that he had any claim against the company or he would have made it. The Miners Federation had instituted those proceedings on statements which had been made behind the back of the colliery company. The plaintiff after he had taken his tools away wit offered a Job but he refused to have it because he would have to work with two other men. They seemed to be approaching an age when workmen could dictate to a colliery com- pany where they were going to work, when they could work as they liked, and do as they liked. Andrew Jackson,manager of the Collins Green Coiliery Company, said the plaintiff was engaged in get- ting coal. He was paid is. 4d. a ton, 30 per cent, on that. and 4d. A ton for drawing according to the arrangement arrived at. The company employed 325 workmen. The plaintiff was is very irregular worker. If he liked to have work he could have it. He did not stop away always on account of illness. Be received the letter produced from Mr. Glover, miner's agent. The plaintiff told him that it was not his claim and that he knew nothing at all about it. He told plain- tiff that he would find him a place if he would work.—ln answer to Mr. Riley,witnese said the company had never claimed from a workman who had left without giving notice. The plaintiff was employed until his place was finished. The plaintiff had notice given to him. Wit- ness considered that the contract was at an end. Colliery owners were in the hands of the miners. He thought it was wrong for the Federation to bring them to the court time after time. When they wanted a man to leave, he admitted, they generally gave him notice. John Thomas Mehers, underlooker, and residing at Railway View, Collins Green, said the plaintiff would know when he had finished his place. It was not cus- tomary to give a man who was working as the plaintiff, any notice for him to firish. On the ih March, wit- ness offered the plaintiff a place with two men named Hinglish and another named Ogden, but he would not work at it, stating that he wanted a place for himself and brother. In cross-examination, witness said he knew that the contract entered into stipulated that seven days notice must be taken and given, but he had never known it to be enforced. Henry Williams, fireman at the colliery and living at Albert Terrace. Collins Green. said he was present when Mr. Mehers offered the plaintiff a place. The plaintiff re- fused to have it, and also declined a job witness offered him of" driving a brow." Workmen had been able to leave without giving notice. The plaintiff had been receiving 14s. a week from the Federation during the time he was out of work. James Cunliffe, under-manager, said he had worked for the company for about seven years. Witness told plaintiff about a week previous to the 13th March that when he had finished his place there was no other for him for the present. He told the plaintiff to remove his tools on the 13th March. Mr. Riley urged on behalf of the plaintiff that where there was a written contract between two people it was absolutely binding. The contract remained in force so long as the workman continued to be employed at the colliery. On the 13th March, the plaintiff was a work- man tbere.and was subject to the obligations of the con- tract which he had entered into with the company. It was therefore incumbent tapon the company to carry out their part of the agreement. The men were entitled to reasonable notice before being dism;ssed, and it was unreasonable to expect them to hang about the colliery on the off-chance of work being found for them. No evidence had been offered with reference to the counter- claim. Mr. Davies said the company withdrew the' counter- claim. His Flonsur said the difficulty arose front the lax practises of the colliery company. He did not mean that there was any culpable negligence or that there was any improper relations between employers and employed. On the contrary, from the evidence given, he believed the colliery company were prepared to deal in a friendly way with their men. But the easy-going way of dealing with the men did not alter the letter of the contract which existed between the company and the men. On their own printed copy of the rules which was given to each man on signing his agreement there was a stipula- tion that there should be an insistence of seven days notice on either side. It was for an indefinite period and whenever a workman left or was discharged there was to be seven days notice. It had been urged that this contract did not apply in the present case because the plaintiff undertook to do a cer- tain piece of work for which he was paid ' by piece-work. He thought that Mr. Jackson's evidence showed clearly that the plaintiff was a collier and not a contractor. The plaintiff only did what other miners had to do. When the plaintiff took his tools from the colliery the relation between the Company and the plaintiff ceased, and by the contract he was entitled to seven days' notice. Be was therefore justified in claim- ing the damages. He would give a verdict for the plaintiff, allowing 365. damages and costs. The coun- ter claim was dismissed.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLITERATE VOTERS

A return in reply to Mr. R. C. Webster on the 28th February last, and just issued, shows the num- ber of persons who voted as illiterates at the general election of 1895. With this are given for comparison, the figures of 1892. In the Newton Division 9,212 votes were polled ; of these 78 were illiterates against 8,532 and 122 respectively in 1892; Widnes. 7,429 and 73 against 7,527 and 172; St. Helens, 8,791 and 341 against 8.457 and 562 Warrington, 7,327 and 188 against 7,101 and 288.

Mrs PONSONBY'S HAIR RESTOREx, s. great discovery, a Most Refreshinq Wash, Marvellous Results, Innumetable Testimonials, Patronised by Royalty. In great demand by Professionals. makes the Hair Grow, prevcints Bald- ness, Invigorating, restores hair to its natural colour, gives healthy and youthful appearance. Most astonish- ing results ;2s 61 Bottle. post free.—Address Mts. PON- soNsr, 25, Lime-st., Liverpool—Advt.

Ibbtrtistment6 not elaolfttll.

pARR'S BANK, LIMITED.-OLD BANK, RUNC,,RN.

—This Bank and the sub-branch at Frodsharn will be CLOSED at 12 o'clock noon TUESDA.Y and WEDNESDAY in Whit Week.

3. B. HOLLAND, Manager.

MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. The ANNUAL EXCUR,ION to LIVERPOOL and NEW BRIGHTON on WHIT-TUESDAY. Rues to LIVERPOOL ONLY, is. 3d., NRW BRIGHTON is 6d. Children under 12 half-price. The steamer Snowdrop being a New Brighton boat no extra charge will be made on landing or returning at New Brighton. To avoid disappointment get tickets early. The Boat will leave DUKE'S PIER, RUNCORN, at 9.30 a.m., returning from New Brighton 8.15 ; Liverpool Landing Stage 8.45. Friends from Widnes, Frodsham. and Preston Brook, will be charged 3d. less oa showing their railway or bridge ticket.

THE MANCHESTER SIM CANAL COMPANY. (BRIDGEIWATBR CANALS UNDHRTAKING.)

ifiliCoßN DOCKS .Titmortc. ecc

NOTICH is HBRBBY Given, That the dnn-nany will sus- pend work at Runcorn Do¢ks, B idgewater iVharvts, and saliport on Whit-Monday the 25th and Tuesday, the 26th Inst.

Craft, however, will be able to pass through the Canals and Docks as usual. _

W. 11. COLLIER, Manager, Bridgewater Canals.

Manchester, May 15th, 1896.

GENERAL SHRTANT Wanted (good) ; age 12 to 20 ; no washing ; ole accustomed to children preferred.— Apply 47, BUTTKRMARKKT-ST., WarringtOtl.

LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BtiAUbiAMS, BANGOR AND MRNAI BRIDGE.

DAILY SAILINGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted and circumstances ermitting). BANK HOLIDAY SAILINGS. (Wht-Monday, 25th May). "ST. BLVIB3 "(New steamer). "ST. TUDNO." Leaves Liverpool 945 cm Leaves Liverpool -.10.45 am .9 Llandudno -.11-30 am „ Llandudno 1-0 pm „ Beaumaris —l2-33 pm „ Beaurnaris 2-0 pm „ Bangor 12-50 pm „ Bangor ...2-20 pm Arrives Menai Bridge -1-0 pm Arrives Menai Bridge 2-33 pm Leaves Menai Bridge _4-0 rorn Leaves Menai Bridge 3-30 pro •• Banger 4-10 pm „ Bangor 3-43 pm Beaumaris 4-30 pm ~ Beaumaris 4-0 pm „ Llandudno 5-33 pm „ Llandudno ...5-15 pm Arrives Liverpool 7-15 pm I Arrives Liverpool 7-30 pm Allowing 6 hours on shore at Llandudno. There will be an early morning boat from Wales on Thursday, 26th May. The " ST. TUDNO "26th anti daily to 30th of May, Leaves Liverpool 10.45 a.m., arrives back 7.33 p.m. " ST. BLVISS " (New Steamer). 26th. 27th. and 28th of May Leaves Liverpool 2 15 n m. for Llandudno and Menai Straits. Passengers by this steamer may connect with the" St. Tudno." ' Leaving Llandudno at 5.15 p.m.. arriving back Liverpool at 7..9.) p.m.

For Fares and further particulars apply to— LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STBAMSHIP CO., LTD., T. (1. BRIM, Secretary, 2), WATER-ST., LIVER- ...DOL. Tel. 6366.

WANTBD, sHoe PRIMISRS in best marketing thor- oughfare, suitable grocery.—Apply giving full partic- ulars, rnea.airerrents. rent lesse !cc.. to '• GROCER," 42 and 44, Great Tichfield-street, Oxford-street, London, W.

QIRLS (respectable) can obtain good SITUATIONS a—t once by applying to Mtsa CLARE, Confectioner, Buston-rod Registry, Morecambe.

ON SALE a good DWELLING-HOUSE, No. 132. Market- street, Harlestwan, containing three bedrooms, bath- room. parlour, sitting-room. kitchen, pantry, wash-house, hot and cold water throughout.

Q.OUTHPORT.—Comfortable Apartments, highly recom- -0 mended for cooking, cleanliness, and reasonable charges; piano, bath, lavatories. w.-c. ; near station and pro- menade,—Mrs. BRUMBV. 8, Gordon-s.reet.

WA Niz T H ood; amt eo ntehe, rege o(f Vm()i ieyn. e r sal pSplii y 1 tmV Ar NsTT,Anxbil ow a sst;,;.:. street, Fleetwood.

WANTIM a useful 11/11,1) who can undertake housework. pl.tin cooking and washing—Address 24, ROE-LANE. Southport.

CIHICKHNS.—Leghorn, Minorca, and Orpington Chicks. 9 t each : Crosibrecis 6d. each ; Ducklings ; Eggs for bitting. —PAGE, Mulborry-rotti, tt,),:k Merry.

first-zlass BICYCLIh for Sale, a Swift a it a nudge; cushions ; tHst mike; MYTrON-STREET, Hulme, Manchester.

WAGGONETrI3B.—Two for !sale, carry 14 and 8 respec- tively ; thoroughly repaire i and painted.—SPAN, coachbuilder, Warrington.

CYCLBS.—For Sale nevv and second-hand Pneumatic Safeties, low prices --Apply L. Liz. 53a, Cheethara Hill-road, Manchester.

‘ITANTRO.—Good (INNICSIAL bIitiVANT for small V tamily, must be Th'e t A-nab. no cooking, and have good references ; goxi wag., to suita'Jle person. —193, Cll KEIT- HA M HILL-Rosa), Manchester,

TO BE SOLD at once 6 WELL-BUILT COTTAGES', all 1 tenanted and almoAt new, in one of the best setting neighbourhoods in town, to pay over 7 per eent.—Address 8.A., EXAMINER Offi e, Warrington.

THE COUNTY COUNCIL OF THE COUNTY PALATINE OF LANCASTER. ___

WI L D BIRDS PROTECTION ACTS, 1880 to 194. NOTICE is Hereby Given, that, on the application of the County Council of the County Palatine ot Lancaster, the following Order has been made:— In Persuance of the powers conferred OR me by "The Will Birds Prot,ction Act. 1894," and upon application by the County Council ot the Administrative County of Lancaster, I hereby mak : the following Order:— " The Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880," shall apply within the Administ•ative County of Lancaster to the following species of Wild Birds in the same manner as if those species were included in the Schedule to the Act: Swallow Golden-crested Wren Yellow Wagtail House Martin Wh:tstear Pied Flycatcher Sand Martin Stonechat Spotted Flycatcher Swift Whinchat Thrush Nutbatch • Long-tailed Tit Blackbird Creeper Dipper Redbreast Black Cap Warbler Hawfileli Redstart Garden Warbler Common Bunting Kestrel Wood Warbler Yellow Bun:ing He ige Warbler Reed Warbler Black-heath-d Bunting Sedge Warbler Willow Warbler Linnet Merlin White Throat Lesser Redpile Hobby Lesser White Throat Pled Wagtail Buzzard Wren Gray Wagtail Heron Given under my hand, at Whi; ehall, this 16th day of May. 1896, (Signed) M. W. RIDLEY. One of her Majesty's Principal Sect etaries of State.

FRED. C. HULTON, Clerk of the County Council. County Offices. Preston, 19th May, 1893.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL. LIIGH-STRERT. ‘VARRINGTON. ANNIVE IiSARY SHRMONS. TO-MORROW (Sundty). MAY 24TH. Morning, 10.30 am. Evening. 6 p.m. Preacher : Rev. WALTHR GRAHAM. In the Afternoon at 2.15. the Service of Song, " Left Alone" wi.l be rendered. Your presence and support are earnestly desired.

LADIES' CYCLING COSTUMES, Gaiters. Dirided Skirts. &e. Special Department now open. WILLIAM HODGKIN- SON, 46 and 48, Bridge-st., Warrington,- tdv LADIES CYCLING COSTUMER, Gaiters, Divided Skirts, e &c. Special Depa,tment now open. WILLIAM HODGKIN- SON, 46 and 48, Bridge-st.. Warrington.—Advt. LADIES' CYCLING COSTUMES. Gaiters. Divided Skirts &c. Special Department now open. WILLIAM HODGKIN- SON, 46 and 48, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advi, SEE OUR STOCK of Blouses, Umbrellas, and Sunshades. —BvArr•i'. 17, Sankey-street, War ington.—Advt. LADIES.CYCLING COSTUMES, Gaiters, Divided Skirts. &c. Special Department now oi,en. WILLIAM HODGKIN- SON, 46 and 48, Bridge-st.. Wacrington.—Advt. LADLES' CYCLING COSTUMES, Gaiters, Divided Skirts, &c. Special Department now open. WILLIAM HODGKIN- SON, 46 and 48, Bridge-st.. Wa ington.—.Ad rt. OUR NOTED KID GLOVES in Black, Brown and Tan .at :s. 6d., is. 110., and 2s. 6,1. per pair.—livANs 17. Sankey street, Warrington.— hit.

THE: LATEST NOVELTIES in Silk and Plush Capes and Mantles, now showing at EVANS', 17, Sankey-stree Warrington.—Advt.

IHE LATE.G3T NOVELTIES in Silk and Plush Capes and Mantles, now showing at EVANS', 17, Sankey-street, Warrington.— Advt. SEE OUR STOCK of Blouses, Umbrellas, and Sunshades. —Evexs', 17, Sankey-street, Wa rrington.—Advt.

OUR NOTED KID GLovEs in Black. Brown and Tan. at is. 60.. Is. 110.. anl 2s. €.l. per plir.—BvANs, 17, Sankey-street, Warrington.--,:drt.

THE COLD WEATHER AND THE CROPS.

By the very keen frost on Wednesday night consirl r- able mischief was done in the orchards, gardens, and pQtato fields at many places in Lancashire and Cheshire. Apple and plum trees have suffered to a very large ex- tent, anti great damage has been caused amongst the early pltato crops. Frost after rain has been very much feared by growers. Owing to the frost many hundreds of acres of early potatoes have been completely des- troyed in South Westmoreland. This calamity has been more particularly felt in the missland districts, where a great revenue is annually expected from this early crop.

The prisoners Milsom and Fowler were convicted ca Thursday of the murder of Mr. Smith at Muswell Hill. Whilst the jury were considering their verdict Fowler made a ferocious attack on Miliom, and a terrible scene tollowed. The prisoner is a very powerful man, and he fought desperately in the dock with the policemen, who evevtually overpowered him. Mr. Justice Hawkins passed sentence of death on thr, prisoners,and told them there was no hope af a repri-. Fowler was led away from the dock whilst protestinz that he was the author of a serious crime at Lewisham for which two men ars 'now in custody.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~ f. 1 1 A :t 1:4 :

===== 0002601_18960523_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POT OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the the time to which a Letter can e posted with Ordinary Postage. and with an. Ext Half penn Stamp.

With Or- dinary Postage up to

With Extra Halfpenny Stamp

2-15 am.

4-0 a.m.

5 15 a.m

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Noon 1.50 a.m

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.m.

1-25 P.m.

140 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-38 P.m.

2-45 P.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 545 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 P.m. 11-15 P.m.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

HEAD OFFICE POSTMASTER

... High-St.. Newton ... Mr.Janiee Jordan

LIST OF DRSPAICHES.

Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ord' nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

"Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 , ,

11-10 ~

2-15 p.m.

5-30 ~ 8-0 ~

5-40 ~ BECEIv nta

RECEIVING ROUSE— *Rarlestown

SIM-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne

Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick "Wargrave

10-35 a.m

2-20 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Ni!. Nil. Nil.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :- 1 To I By I Callers. I Postmen.

7-0 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, I and Foreign London and the South Frodsham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire , Yorksbire, Durham. Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk, Widnes, & Earlestown London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancash:ye. New• wton-le-Willows, St. Helens. and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton S London & Foreign, South, and - Eastern Counties

7-0 a.m.

10-30 „ 10-45 „ / 11-30 „ .11-4 b

11-30 a.m

} 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-15 „ 13-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

3-15 m.

6-45 a.m.

/7-0 a.m. Next day

THE NEW REGULATION POST CARD

WITH PRINTED HEADING, FROM 3/9 PER 11000.

- Hours of Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nat. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Boa closes at 5.40 p.m . The Telegraph Office is open en Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETrza DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

Extra id. Stamp.

'ER BOXES

SUNDAYS. A-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. ,10-30 a.m.

Ni!. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

MOUE DDIORDEULY CONDUCT IN THE PLUIC.-EXEISPARLY

PENALTY.

On Monday morning, at the Warringtoi. Borough Court, Benjamin Timmins, 1, Collins-st., and Anthony Backhouse, 52, Priestley-st., were charged with being guilty of disorderly behaviour in Bank Park on May llth.—Frederick Scarisbrick, assistant gardener at the Park, said that he was crossing the recreation ground on May 11th when he noticed the defendants, They were behaving in a disorderly manner.—P.C. Cooper said he accompanied Mr. Ashton, the parkkeeper, to the piaci named on tbe day in question. He there saw defendants acting disorderly. He took them into one of the green- houses and there taxed them with the offence, which they admitted. They were taken before the Town Clerk and reported.—The Chief Constable pressed for the ulti- mate penalty in both cases, urging upon the Bench the necessity of keeping the Park "a clean place."—Both defendants were fined 40s. and costs (z 2 63. in all). SROP-BREAYING AT WARRINGTON.—SMART CAPTURE BY

===== 0002601_18960523_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLICE.

On Tuesday before Mr. E. J. Guest (in the chair),and Mr. R. Garnett. James Donlan, 5 Brick-street, Warring- ton,and Joseph Ellison .11 Dial-street, Warrington,young men,were charged with breaking and entering the shop of Charles Paikin, 3 Dial-street, between three o'clock on Sunday and ten o'clock on Monday morning, and steal- ing a jacket value 103. 81 his property.—The Chief ConstAle said that Mr. Paikin last saw his shop secure about three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, when he left the premises. He returned about 11 o'clock on Monday morning and then found that the premises had been en- tered by thieves. They had scaled a wall, entered the yard,and attempted to enter by a lattice window. They had not succeeded here and a large square of glass was broken out of the top half of another window and the catch put back. A number of articles were disturbed but the only thing which was found to be missing was a new Icoat value 103. 81. Inspector Cox, wbo visited the scene of the theft, found on one of the window panes distinct marks of the knee of a pair of cor- duroy trousers. On the gate was the mark of a clog. On apprehension Ellison was found to be wearing trousers and clogs corresponding to the marks. On Monday evening Mary Leslie, general dealer, Mersey-street, was in her shop when Donlan entered wearing the missing coat. He wanted her to buy it for ss. and another coat but she refused, as she had had a description of the coat served her by the police. Just at that moment Inspecter Cox came up and seeing the defendants outside the shop took them into custody, and the coat was left in the shop. Ellison was wearing two coats, Donlan's and his own.—Charles Paikin, a Jew, general dealer of 2, Dial-street, and resid- ing in Lovely-lane, corroborated. Mrs. Leslie and Inspector Cox also supported the evidence of the Chief- Constable, the latter observing that when he came down Mersey-street on Monday night his attention was drawn to the defendants by their standing outside Mrs. Leslie's shop and Donlan being without coat and Ellison having two on.—ln answer to the charge Dlnlan said " As there is a God in heaven I did not know that coat wtis stolen." Ellison made no statement and both prisoners were committed to the next Qearter Sessions at Liver- pool for trial.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDLY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman). Dr. Gornall. Mr. S. Wright and Councillor Roberts. THEFT FROM IN HOTEL.— Jabez Smith, a middle-sged man, was charged with stealing from the Central Hotel, Horsemarket-street, sometime between Fridry arid Saturday last a sheet value 4s. 6d, the property of Joseph Woodin.— The Chief Constable said the sheet was left in the washhouse of the Central Hotel in a soiled condition on Friday. It was missed on Monday. The police were informed and De'ective Foster fowl,* that the article had been sold at the shop of Catherine Gibbons. Mersey-street for Is. She purchased it on oaturday morning from the defendant who had been seen out the neighbourhood of the washhouse. by Lily fluter- worth, domestic servant at the Central Hotel.—Miss Butter- worth, Detective Foster, agcl Mrs. Gibbons corroborated. Defendant in his defence contradicted himself, and having made 13 appearances, he was sentenced to 14 days hard labour. _ .

TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—James Stuart was granted tem- porary authority to sell at an off- 'cense, 64, Bewsey-road, in lieu of EIiZA Allen. _

ALLEGVD ASSAULT.—Ann Makin and Mary Savage, Lee-st , each charged the other with assault on the Bth May.—Mr. Browne appeared for Mrs. Makin.—Mrs. Savage said Mrs. Makin swore at her and struck her.—ln cross-examination she admitted having gone down on her knees in the street and swore to have it out of her.—The magistrates dismissed the case. and order-A payment of costs by each side. A WARRINGTON VIRAGO —Jane Johnson, bilver-st„ 44th appearance, was charged with assaulting and beating Eliza- beth Lavelle, 3, Chapel Court.—Mrs. Lavelle said that de- fendant thr-atened her and seized her by the throat, as a result of her havinz given evidence against defendant five weeks before.—Defeudant was committed for one month's hard labour.

MONDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Mr. T. Birchall. and Mr. J. W. Hayward.

BIVIGING.—WiIIiam Risley and Thomas Travis were each sent to gaol for seven days' hard labour for begging in the town on Sunday.—The Chief Constable said there had been a lot of complaints about begging, he thought more than usual. A RCM IN BOSTOCK-STREET.--Clara Hassall, 9. Bostock- street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bostock-street, on the 10th of May.—P.C. Delahay stated that at 1 o'clock in the morning of that day defendant was drunk and creating a disturbane 3in Bostock-street. He had received several complaints about the defendant and her con- duct. Witness threatened to lock her up if she was not quiet and shamed bad language to him and P.C. Penning- ton. She was carried into her house by some of the neigh- bours,— Another woman came forward to give evidence for the defence when the officers stated that she was drunk also at the time and fell down in a drunken fit, —A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed on Mrs. Hassall.

INTEMPERLNCE.—Margaret Lane, 14, Hill-st.. an eldPrley woman was fined ss. including costs for being drunk and dis- orderly in Hill-street, on the 4th inst. OBSCENI I Y.—For making use of obscene language in Philltp-st., Thomas Green. 32, Phillip-st., was fined ss. and costs. —P.C. Bradley proved the csse. TUEsusY.—Before Mr. E. J. Guest (chairman), and Mr. R.

Garnett.

DRUNKENNEBS.—James Houghton. for being drunk in Bold-st. on Monday evening, was dismissed with a caution THURSDAY.—Before Colonel Ridgway and Alderman Sutton.

SCHOOL CASEEL—The following persons were dealt with for neglecting to send their children regularly to school : Thomas Thomason. 14, Charles-st., ordered to send the boy to school ; Arthur Brindley. 16, Norman-street, fined 2s. 6d. ; Joseph Poulter, 23, Hoyle-street, 2s. 6d. ; Charles Higginson, ss. ; Patrick Carey, 347,Winwick-road. ss. ; Thomas Chrimes, Warburton-street, ss. Mr. W. Jones, school attendance offi- cer, prosecuted. SnoP TuErr or BoYS.—Peter Scully. 1, Back Crossley-st., Shmuel Lomax, 17, Chorley-street. George Roberts, 18, Back Crosslev-st., Walter Jackson, 15. Crossley-st., Thomas Frangleton, 19, Crossley-st., and Richard Allen, 3. Crossley- et., boys of irom 12 to 14. were charged with stealing from the shop of Henry Furness, 32, School Brow, between Satur- day night and Monday morning, a quantity of confectionery valued at 55., his property.--Mr. Talbot in detailing ilie circumstances of tha case, said that the shop was left secure on Saturday night. On Monday morning it was found that the premises had been: entered by a sits-used chimney, and

BOWLING.

LAN-ASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON (CEMETERY) V. KERSAL Mooß.—These teams met in the second round of the championship competition on Saturday, on the green of the Lloyd's Club, Chorlton-cum-Eiardy, the Warringtonians securing a victory by 59 pints. Mr.J.Midgeley acted as referee. Score :--

WARRINGTON. KERSAL MOOR. H Williams A J Jones (captain) R Hothwell T Ellison

S Ball • 21 J Dawson • 12 E Taylor 2l J Biggi . J Allison James Bridge 11 Farrington l4 F C Butterfield 2l Thomas Bridge l2 J i n Pretca . 21 __

W Wood 2l G BArker 2O R Anderton 230

Total ,

Total.

31.j0r1ty, 59 for North Warrington.

SOUTH WARRINGTON v. PENDLETON.—PIayed on the Victoria ground at Urmston. Messrs. J. Caldwell and R. Harrison acting as reteree. Score :

SOUTH WARRINGTON. PENDLETON. R Fairbrother

T Hackett 2l A Disney l2 C Shaw 21 W Jelly W Bolton B Hall 2l H Hough 9 _ _ . .

W Shand F Berry 2l A Itoo•ers l7 J Shaw

D 21 E Emery l3 T Locker 2l R Robinson _ 16

J Gle tve

12 W Webb _ _ _ • 21

Its

229 Majority, 39 for South Warrington.

LEIGh CEIALLENGE CUP COMPETITION. EARLESTOWN VIADUCT INSTITUTE V. NEWTON. Played on Saturday at Earlestown. Scores:—

_ INnTITUTE. NEWTON. T Compton 2l W I evereux W Grimshaw. . 2l J Robinvat ... l9 T Mather l4 T Pairclough J Savage P Talbot R Green _. _ _

.., J klcAtee 2l J etmeron It Sherlock

161 AT NEWTON.

INiTITUTE. NEWTON. 8 Warburton ... 9 A Clough 2l J. Gee 2O IFairclough

.. J Finch

J Watson 2l Kean _ J 14 --

R Partington 5 G Lyons 2l J Mitchell J Bedworth l4 .1' McCormick

A Gee 114 169 161 .116

Total.. Result a draw.

LIBERAL CLUB v. OUGHTRINGTON

On Saturday afternoon the Liberal Club Bowling team visited Ou2htrington where a main of 12 a sWe was played. The weather was all that could be desired and the green being a comparatively new one, was, though dry, in good condition. After the match, tea was par- taken of at the Fleece Hotel, Lymm, the catering of Mr. David Flooley giving every satisfaction. The scores are as follows :

LIBERAL CLUB. OUGUTR NGTON. DOUBLES. SINGLES. SINGLES. BRIDLES. 9 ) Shearer 8 11 Lea 1 Bennioa 11 6 L Thomaeon }l5 9 y Jones 2 11 Stmpeon 115 1 James 2 • 11 S Thomason 155 Robinson 7 11 11 Thomason 1 9 1 Jennings 11 10 Owen 115 Mitch-di 11 10 Wood Massey 10 11 Burgess 115 10 / Sankey 7 6 11 Shaw James 11 Owen 115 15 { Vir:lhmle/ 1111 9 Leigh 2 Brierley 1 2

The majority for Oughtrington on the two garnes was 19 points.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all chemists, is. id.per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S FLYING

CLUB.

This club held its first race of the Reason for old birds from Worcester, on Satuaday, the 16th lost., nearly 200 birds competing, the property of 19 members. Tne birds were sent in care of the West Lancashire Federation ,the liberation being affected at 1 10 n.m. by Mr. John Buckley ot Warrington. Distance 84 miles. Weather lear. Wind SE. Tao first bird to arrive belonged to Mr. Thomas Warburton,Mill-lane, Warrington, and com- pleted the journey in 2 hours, 28 minutes. Warburton lOlB Glare Warburt-m 99) James 907 Richardson 997 R Bolton (3 birds)

_ Sidney Taylor Williams 960 Cl.re Burgess Smith 937 Wells James . Allerton . R Bolton 934 Sidney Taylor Smith . James 939 Thomas Taylor 726 R Bolton 919 Grounds & Atherton

Burgess' second bird disqualified for wiring wrong num- ber. The next race is from Swindon, 131 miles.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BURTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD.

A meeting of this Board was held in the class- room of the Board Schools, when there were pre- sent—Messrs. Andrew Jackson (in the chair), Wil- liam Pairclough, Thomas Norcott, H. Gawthorpe (schoolmaster), and William IVebster (clerk). The Clerk reported that, on hearing of the death of the late Mr. James Warburton (who had been a member of the Board since the 6th April, 1882, and was thus the oldest member of the Board, and had been chairman since 20th April, 1882), he had consulted with the Vice-Chairman, and by his directions closed the schools on Tuesday and postponed the Board meeting from Tuesday to that evening. It was resolved that such action be approved.—A let- ter was read from the Rev. A. M. Mitchell, stating that he truly regretted their Chairman's death. The vote of condolence had his whole sympathy.—Mr. Pairclough moved, and Mr. Norcott seconded the following resolution :—" That this Board desires to place on record their appreciation of the services rendered to the inhabitants of Burtonwood by the late Chairman, Mr. James Warburton, and to ex- press to his widow and family their deep sympathy with them in their sad bereavement; and that the Clerk be directed to forward a copy of this resolu- tion to Mrs. Warburton." The motion was carried. The attendance returns were as follows :—St. Paul's of the Cross R.C., mixed,on register 108,aver- age 93, or 86 per cent. ; infantv, 87, 65, and 74.7 reg.. pectively: Board School, mixed 138,1124, and 81 .4 respectively ; infants, 59,43, and 73 respectively. The low infants' average is due to sickness. It was resolved to hold a special meeting of the Board for the purpose of filling the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. James Warburton.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
B. TERRY, ESQ.. TERRY'S THEATNE.—" I certainly think Kops Ale is the nearest to the real thing I have tasted" Rey. JOHN CLIFFOP.D. Kops Ale ought to be welcome. It is refreshing and appetising, and I should judge, likely to be benefi,Aal." Dr. T. R. ALLINSON, L. H.C.P.—" If out snd thirsty drink Kops Ale in preference to other b.verages." Fifteen Gold Medals awarded, Two million bottles sold in one week, Bittered from choicest Hops only. Agent :—W. FunNFss, 'Kops Stores, Bewsey-street, Warrington. (3)

===== 0002601_18960523_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

VI_EO. G. BUSSEY. dc CO., the leading Sports Menulac- trirers of London, S.E., have published a most com- plete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cricketers, Golfers. Tennisers, Uroquet Players, and thelike. If you cannot ob- tain a copy from the local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B. & Co., as above.

Cricketers should get the G. G. B. Diary, price WI. post free.

WARRINGTON V. ROOTLE.—The Warrington team sus- tained their first defeat of the season on Saturday, when they encountered Bootle at Bootle. The defeat of War- rington was chiefly due to the bowing of Airey who took seven wickets for 23 runs. Connor was the best bowler on the Warrington side taking eight wickets for 33 runs. Score and bowling analysis :

BO3TLE. WILIIRINGTON. Crouch b Connor 5 S M Crsfield c Costain b Airev

Johmscn bJ J Crosfiel i ... 0

_ Spence c ilampson b Bibby b Price 5 Connor

Price b Connor Brownhill b Connor Clark b Scrimshaw Costain b Connor Williams b Connor 8 Podmore lbw b Airey l2 Graham not out 5 Plomer b Price Jones b Connor Al•ey c Hampson b England lbw b Airey Connor Extras

Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. BOOTLE. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. E Connor l6l 633 8 W Airey ll 3 28 7 J J Croslield lO 3 26 1 Price lOl 3 14 2 Scrimshaw

WARRINGTON V. BOOTLE (2ND ELEVENS).—At War- rington. , Score :

.. , BOOTLR. WARRINGTON. Jones c Ashton b Si!cock... 23 Adamson b Mama ... Clarke b Roddy Rllams b Silcock 2 Cook b Smith Bates c Silcock b Roldy ... 9 Crompton b Smith 5 Schweit7er a Adamson c Duckworth c Sprakeling b Silcock Johnson jun. run out l7 Rushworth b Smith 42 Sprakeling b Silcock Rogers not out Parr c Duckworth b Ashton not out

Crom pton ll Roddy ta Smith 7 Smith b Crompton 9 Hatton b Schweitzer Dew lbw b Crompton 0 Extras 8 Extras lB

Total 128

;Total 230

WARRINGTON Sr. ELPRIN'S v. PARTINGTON.—PIayed at Gorsey-lane, on Saturday. Partington won the toss, and elected to bat, their innings producing 56 runs. Gresty again bowled well, his analysis being six for 12 runs, five being clean bowled. On St. Elphin's going in they made a poor start, three wickets being down for six runs, hut they managed to wipe out the deficiency, finally winning by 12 runs. Score : PIRTINGTON. ST. ELPHIN'S: Ackerley b Warhurst 0 Woods b Ackerley 3 Rose b Warhurst 0 Robinson b Pritchard 0 Whitfield c Warhurst b Tay'or run out Barnes Howard b Warhurst T Rogers b Gresty B Rogers c Duckworth b klaskell a Rose b Prit- Gresty Barnett not out Andrews h Gresty Burgess b Gresty 0 chard Pritchard b Gresty 0 Whitham run 0ut.... 2 Ross o Gresty ... 1 Barnes b Ackerley Scarisbrick not out 2 Extras 9 Extras

Total 56

Total ... 68

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS (IST) V. SUTTON (IsT.) —At Sutton. The Engineers journeyed to Sutton on Saturday to meet a strong team of that village, and re- turned defeated by 30 runs. Harrison bowled well for the Engineers, taking six wickets for 24 runs. Walker and Lawless being the only two to reach double figures. Score :

..........- . SUTTON. ENGINEERS. Taylor b Harrison Walsh c Walker b Harrison 9 S Howard c Hughes b Davies c Forster b Harri- Davies 2 son McCully run out 7 Davies 4 Hughes b Lawless . . 3 I Lawless (captAin) c Taylor b Harrison 5 Taylor b Hughes Strachan b Lawless 4 W Irvine run out Whitfield run out lO J Forster b Hughes 2 Flews not out 1 James Monks c Davies b Pritchard o Lawless b Whitfield 4 Harrison 0 J Harrison c Davies b Thomas c Forster b Harri- Whitfield 2 SOO b Whitfield 0 J Bailey lbw b Davies 3 A N Other (sub) not out 1 Extras 2 Extras 5

Total Bl Total 5O CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS 2ND V. SUTTON 2ND.—At Warrington. Score :

SUTTON. ENGINEERS. a Taylor c Hackett b Healey (capt.) b Taylor ... 0 Deetey Parry o Hackett b Glea7e 4 Higham run out McCully o Genders b Brown B McCully Gleave Bold b Gleave Fairhurst not out 4 hurst C HeMy o Gleave b Hard- Siddall bTaylor ing I Taylor b Gleave Newton run out 1 Peacock b Taylor 2 Williams b Gleave Anders c Brown b Gleave 0 Hughes not out Hunter b Gleave 6 Extras 3 Extras 4

Total

Total 42

WHITRCROSS v. WIDNICS EXCELSIOR.—This match took place at Widnes on Saturday. and resulted in a win for Whitecross by 32 runs. Evans batted well for the winners. Score :

............... _ WNITECROSS. WIDNES. Kenwright c Barber b Smith ls Skid&ll Hartland W Siddall e Cameron b Vickerstaffe b Kenwright 0 Lewis A Siddall c Cameron b E Jones b Kenwright...... 8 Hartland Clark b Barbar 8 H Lewis b Kenwrigbt ... 2 Thompson b Lewis 0 Barber not out o Corless lbw b Lewis Evans run out l7 Bryne run out Whitfield b Ltwis 1 Dixon b Siddall Gibbons not out Hamer b Lewis 0

WOrrell b Hartland Extras 8 Extras ............... ... 4

Total 72 Total ............... 40 HIILME GRAMMAR SCHOOL V. WkRRINGTON GILiIdHAR SCHOOL.—At Alexandra Park, Manchester. Score :

HUL246 G. 8. WARRINGTON G. 8. Clarke h Kidd l5 Beevers b Wikl 2 Vlies c Paco b Kidd ll M'Gregor run out Ford b Riley i3 Bryant run out 0 Baker lbw b Kidd Wihl b Kidd 0 Pierooint b Hobdey ...... 39 Hobdey b Riley Brewer b Riley 0 Riley b Hobdey Searle b Kidd Van der Veer not out 33. Veer 6 Muth run out Adshead b Kidd Price c Vile, b Hobdey Ex ras 4 Extras 0

Total 114 Total ' BUCKLEY-STREET S.S. V. ST. ANN'S.—Played on Siturday on the gro.,.nd of the latter, and ended in a win for the home team. Score :--- BUCKLEY-STREET. ST. Aim's, Spruce c Bolesworth b liarrison a Spruce b Turner Cook c & b Gibson...—. ...... 0 Appleton b Spruce G Pugh b Glbson J Leech b Turner F Leech b Turner 1 Pedley c Spruce b Leech 0 Looker not out lO Taylor c Cook b Spruce ... 5 A Pugh b Gibson 0 Turner b Leech 4 Landers c& b Gibson Hall b Turner 3 Shekalls not out Cook b Gibson 0 Morris c Looker b Spruce 0 Plumpton b tabson Extras 3 Extras 1

Total 23

Total.

WARRINGTON FOLIOS V. MOORE.—This match was played at Moore on Saturday, with the following reftult

—... . WARRINGTON POLICE. moonx. Hollingsworth b Antrobus 0 Millington et Monks b Evans lbw b Taylor Leonard c Antrobus b Antrobus at Monks b Taylor 2 Leonard Monks e Forster b Antra- Morgan at Monks b Stuart 8 bus .. 3 Johnson b Evans 1 Forster b Taylor 0 Webb h Evans Pennington run out Bradley 0 Millington b Forster run out l6 Antronus Stuart c Morgan b Taylor 2 Kiishaw not out 5 Newey cA b Antrobus 1 Grimes run opt 6 B4rlow not out Condliffd b Antrobua 0 Extras 6 Extras 6

Total l9

Total 63

• PENKETII WESLEYANS v. WINDSOR WESLEYANS.— Played at Penketh on Saturday. The visitors won easily, this result beine in a v ry great measure due to the extrenselv poor fielding of the local team. Score : WINDSOR WFSLEYANS. PENKETH WESLEYAN& Bradburn b App'eton Stubbt b Appleton 2l. H Barlow c Rimmer b Davies b Bowyer Ireland c W T Wilkinson Dttnabin lbw b Rimmer 7 b Bowyer 1 A Barlow b Pullen 5 Grocott c V Wilkinson b Bowyer lbw b Evans 3 Barlow Le Brun b Appleton 1 Lewis c Davies b Rimmer 17 Bullen c anci b Barlow 23 Ashton c Guest b Bullen... l Guest c F Wilkinson b Wll Wilkinson b Bilden— 3 Barlow 1 E Wilkinson b Rimmer ... 3 Rimmer c F Wilkinson b F Wilkinson not out. ...... ~ 0

Barlow Evaos b Arp'eton

Jontis riot out Extras

Total

Total ......... 51

===== 0002601_18960523_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER CLASS FIRING AT RTJNCORN.

The F and G Companies of the 2nd V.B. Cheshire Regiment performed the annual Government class firing (3rd class) on Saturday afternoons, May 9% and 16th. The shooting was very satisfactory. The following are some of the scores :

r COMPANY. Colour-Sergeant J Mort 76 Private 3 Mort Lance-Sergeant J Gittens Sergeant J A Rushton 66 Private 0 Worrall 65 Private S D Matthews Lance-Corporal G Ouitram Corporal P Turner_ 59 __

Lance-Sergeant G Lee 5B Private J P le Couteur

Private G Preece Private W H Broidey 56 Lfmce-Corporal 8 Thompson Sergeant J Platt Serge‘nt J W Woodland 52 Private H H Gatley 52

===== 0002601_18960523_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
G COMPANY.

Sergeant T) Edwards Sergeant W Cooper Sergeant W H Harvey 66 Corporal W H Phcenix __

- . Corporal W Marsh Private W Gregory Lance-Corporal R Foulkes 6O Private J Sadler 59 Corporal W H Gaskell 59 Private C Bradbury 59 Private J F Edwards 'Private S El Stubbs Lance-CorPoral C Temple Sergeant T Holmes Private F Pope Lance-Sergeant W Nield 53 Corporal F Coward .. Private P Shaw 52 Private W Cooper 52 Private W A Marsh 5O Colour-Sergeant J Poole 5O Private J J Newell

===== 0002601_18960523_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A MINUTE WITH YOU PLEASE

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices is. 10., Of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLDROYD's Medical Hall ChPckheaten, Yorks. Sold at 35, Bridge-st., Warringtca. Don't be put off, if you cannot get th,rn write toltbe:Proprietor and a box will be se-it next past,— Advt

CADBURY'S COCOA is bath a stimulating and refreshing ing drink, and 9 nutritious food, probably more nourishing than any other beverage. It is absolutely pure, containing no foreign admixture.—Adet,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

When the Warrington team journeyed to Bootle on Saturday to play the Bootle first team, they did not expect to be placed on a field which would not do credit to a junior club. But such was the case, for there was a most ugly patch close to the pitch which made accurate play impossible. It may be urged that it was the came for both sides, but that is not so, for the hotnesters are well acquainted with it, and their fast bowler—Airey, manipulated the ball in such a manner as to make the defects of the field of advantage to his side. He " humped " the ball in such a fashion as to give almost every • Warrington batsman some nasty knocks. Mr. S. M. Crosfield was the first victim,and he was closely followed by Thewlis, who received such a severe blow on the temples as to compel him to retire. Other Warrington batsmen were hit about the body,and the captain, Mr. S. M. Crosfield, instructed the plaoers to run no risks in keeping up their wickets. The result was that they were all sent to the right about for the small total of 42, as against 92 by their opponents.

Connor again allowed Nis skill with the ball, and although he did not bowl from the same end at which Airay was able to do so much mischief, yet he catrieri all before him, his record being eight wickets for 33 runs. The two other Warrington bowlers,j. J. Crosfield and Scrimshaw, were punished rather severely, the former only taking one wicket for 26 runs, and the latter one for 23. Price,Clark, and Costain each reached double figures for the home team. Another double- figure item in connection with the Bootle score is that recorded for" Extras," numbering 10, which compares unfavourably with 0 allowed to Warrington.

With 92 runs required to equalise, Warrington started with S. M. Crosfield and J. Bibby. After eleven runs had been scored, the popular captain of the visiting team received a blow on the elbow, and. with his next . stroke he placed the ball into the hands of Costain. Bibby shortly after- wards was bowled by Price, and a further disaster befel Warrington when Thewlis was struck by the ball on the left temple and had to retire. Mreycontiriued to bowl dangerously and several of the visiting batsmen nar- rowly escaped serious injuries. Knocks on the legs and body were frequently oxperienced by the batsmen, and correct cricket became an impossibility. Two of the batsmen—Podmore and England—were given out by the Bootle umpire for leg before wicket, and these decisions were strongly questioned. At 42, the Warrinatonians were out, and thus concluded one of the least enjoy- able matches w hich it has been the lot of the Warrington team to engage in tor a long period.

The Warrington second eleven again won handsomely on Saturday when they met the Bootle second team on the Arpley enclosure. The home team was the first to go to the wickets but the start was not a very promis- ing one,foilr wickets falling for 67 runs. Of this num- beroldamson, the home captain, compiled 34. But the stand of the afternoon was yet to be made. Rushworth joined Duckworth and before a separation was made,the partnership had realised 84 runs. Duckworth contri- buted a faultless 50 and Rushworth 34. Of the five re- maining batsmen,only one reached double figures, viz., H Ashton,who carried his bat out for lb. The innings closed for a grand total of 200 runs. The visitors man- aged to reach thfee figure, but fell short of the total by 72 runs. Their best batsman was Rogers who scored 40 not out.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
YACHTING.

The Warrington Sailing Club which has recently altered its title of the Warrington and Bank Quay Sailing Club to the present one, holds its annual cup race on Whit Monday next. In former years this race has always been held on the Saturday following Good Friday but this year it had to be delayed owing to there being no tide sufficient for the race on that date. A capital entry has been obtained and it is fully expected that all numbered on the card will face the sts.rters. It the list several boats new to this district will be noticed, includ- ing "May," a New Brighton crack. " Fairy " and "Explorer." Great things are expected from the first named. The race will commence at the South End of Thewlis' wall, Bank Quay, the first boat is expected to be in sight at 10.15 a.m. This is much earlier than usual, but from the great interest being shown I have no doubt a large number of people will witness the finish.

At night the members will hold a general meeting at the Volunteer Inn, when the cup will ba- handed to the successful captain and the prize money will be distri- buted. A supper will be provided. The Challenge Cup, which has been on view in the window of Messrs. Mawson and Co., Sankey-street, is of splenlid des.gn ani'. was supplied by Messrs. E. and A. Eustance in 1895. Mr. Walter Warburton, cwner of " Pink," is the present holder.

There is now quite a small fleet of Nactts in the river at IVarrington,and at the present the various crews may be seen working like s" troopers" each night to get all things trim for Monday.

The Sailing Club Committee have engaged the steam launck " Umbria" to be used by the officials on the race day.

The wielders of the willow representing the Warring- ton Grammer School "caught a tartar" on Saturday when they paid a visit ta Alexandra Park, Manchester, with the intention of defeating the Hume Grammar School there. A good game was played and for each side a single player passed 30 runs. For the victors a Dutchman possessing the euphonious name of Van der Veer, was not out for 33, while Pierpoint for Warrington managed to compile a good 39 before being bowled by Hobdey. The Hulme team altogether scored 114 against the visitors 78.

A Partington eleven entertained St. Elphins at Part- ington on Saturday and going in first were only able to put together 56 runs. Gresty finished them off in fine style, taking 6 wickets for an average of 2 runs per wicket. On the Saints taking the pitch an ommuus beginning was made, for Woods, R3binson and Taylor were converted from batsmen into spectators with only 3 runs between them. Duckworth, however, came to the rescue with 12 and other dozen coming from Maskell and no more" ducks" being made,they eventually won by 12 runs. This was a very near thing as 11 of tbe 12 were extras.

The "guardians of the peace" are not showing up very brilliantly as cricketers, it may be that the differ- ence in weight and shape between a cricket bat and a truncheon bothers them. Last Siturday they engaged the Moore team at Moore, and could only contrive to make 19 against 68 for the homesters. Five " ducks " were captured and the top score among the police was 3, though 6 runs were added to the total for extras. Millington, of Moore, scored just the same number of runs himself as the whole of the Police' team, viz., 13. This is however the first season for the Police and they have time enough to improve.

Two sets of Wesleyans were batting for supremacy at Penketh on Saturday when the Windsor Wesleyans went there and succeeded in defeating the homesters by 97 against 51. The fielding of the home side was so feeble as to be mainly the cause of defeat. More smartne-s than was displayed on Saturday will be needed if the Penketh Wesleyans are going to have a decent record to show at the end of the season.

The Whitecross eleven returned hcme vic- torious from Widnes on Saturday by a majority of 32 runs. Kenwright, Evans, and Gibbons were mainly responsible for this result by their good batting, and also by the sure bowling of the first named. None of the players for " the chemical town" reached double figures.

On Saturday afternoon the Cheshire Lines Engineers had a big job on hand when they visited Sutton to play the local team. A good attempt was made but the homesters proved too good for the Engineers by 81. runs to 50. Taylor contributed 29 for the winners,so that he may be regarded almost as the winner of the match. S. Walker made the best score for the C.L.E's. Harrison bowled excellently and raised the hopes of the visitors to a high pitch by taking 6 wickets for 24 iuns. Taylor, however, seemed to like the bowling and kept the ball traveiling. A somewhat singular thing, and moreover one that has occurred twice this season with local teams, is that the juniors of the same clubs played a match in which the result was the same, namely,a, majority of 31 runs for Sutton. Another coincidence about the same match was that in this case also a Taylor hatted first and won the match by compiling over 30 runs. The village oe Sutton ought to be fond of coincidences.

Buckley-street and St. Ann's tild a game on the ground of the latter on Saturday and scoring was slow on both sides. The homesters retired with 41 and the visitors were only able to meet this with 23.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SyeKuPallies

FOOTBALL CONCERT AT ituril

ioth the method and result. the genuine and original SYRUP OF FIGS is taken; it is pleasant and rare: to the taste, and acts gentlY promptly on the Kidneys, Livert4 Bowels, cleanses the systein tually, dispels colds, headachrs ' fevers, and cures habitual constWe SYRUP OF FIGS is the only of its kind ever produced, pleasil the taste and acceptable to the stor prompt in its action and trulY ficial in its effects; prepared oaf: the most healthy and agreeabien stances, its many excellent OITA.' commend it to ai! and have 014" the most pramtar remedy knovVo' SYRUP OF pi r 5 is manufactured Oil br

If you get it, you ‘vill have the true remedY'el you accept any prcwiration made by some on under a similar name, you will be disag Remember, the original SYRUP OF FIGS iS factored by the

Califorda Fig Syrup Of all Chemists, is. id. & 2s. 9d., or post fr'"'

receipt of price from the

Depot for Great Britain, and Goiania; 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON.

PRESENTITION OF THE MEDALS. On Monday night a grand concert was held auspices of the Runcorn Football Club, in Hall, Runcorn. The concert was attended hi Leg members of the club who occupied the fitf seats and the opportunity was taken as a 011 present the players with the medals won by tho the Lancashire Chmpionshb Competition. a good attendance of the outside public. - was opened by Mr. Leslie Harris, whose first's tion to what proved an enjoyable nrograolo,e, pianoforte solo given in almost faultless ettra Minnie Casey, in the first half of the prOgraWs loudly applauded for her singing of the ballaila Herrin!," and was equally successful with w " Where love is king " in tho latter half' Sweetman, the well-known bass, more than audience with his singing of the quaint 0! ballad and song (a) "The golden vanity," (04. dillo," an responding to a cordial encore git".,, " Drinking." Mr. Leslie H-irris'supplied thel?", items in the programm)), his first effort begionTA song on the foibles of the new woman and corlc:,011 the song "It does go," for an encore. Mr. ink a !aughing song and in the second portion 0' of gramme gave a sketch illustrating a Christths, mime and also set to music the verses " The 7 later." A cornet solo by Mr. J. Greenwood

exceptionally meritorintis performance. On the conclusion of the concert the players,;, seats on the platform and 'here enthusiasticaludr, by the audience. Mr. Langshaw called upoo,7oi Speakman to hand the medals to the men lantly won them a week or two ago at BroughritO Mr. Speakman, the president of the club, 04 was very often in the position in Runcorn of It was the unanimous wish of the Football

_ that Sir J. T. Brunner, should distribute the i-be wen he (the president), wrote to Sir Jobe, toe back saying it was impossible for him to atte enthusiasm which had been m tnifested in Rut the medals were won by their noble team was gether diminished, but it could not be et-eiey they should continue such enthusiasm as fortnight aeo. (Applause.) He was glad to eti for 14 or 15 years enthusiasm for football had been steadily in the ascen, lent ad Manchester, the great match played by the !1 behind burn he thought he was never ao delight life as he was for the first hour and ten minute in the last ten minutes he felt very uncf." mfort was delighted when at the close of the game tl was theirs. (Applause.) Their vict)ry was co steady consistency of form in the Rugby ge members of their team had initiated this antin to such a pitch of excellence, that during tae:011 minutes of the final match they disp'ayed the tw of scientific football that had ever been witt football world. Their team were staunch honest in principle and that was the reason Ike Runcorn was so much in the ascendant. Whet'. to peint out and what he was pleased t4O their footballers was that they worked a week and went to the matches turned successful because great princiPle' them. It was grand to see the cup which the, won, and to see the medals which they WOOI their own, and to think in gaining them the/ the admiration of the f Netball world as arna paid men. (Cheers.) They had a noble (cheer-,)—a noble tearn—(cheers)--a noble e._ and treasurer, and a noble chairman of con3,01:00: that was why the combination had secure nor cided success. (Cheers.) All honour to 001 they had done. (Cheers.) foee The medals were then distributed in te•-aly order :—Captain Faulkner. George Robinsoria q. William Lightfoot, George Moores, T.Wardera ton. H. Myers, W. Pendlebury, S. Walker. ,7 worth, H. Farmer, S. Abrams, J. Faulkner. Darlington, H. Williams, H. West, William Reece. T. Jolley, S. Johnson. F. Geyter, acme, All the players with the exception of' F. Langley were present.and it was stated that _e attending his own marriage at which the oth'eelr —Langley was officiating as best mare As 61, stepped up to the Chairman he was the reel hearty ovation. Mr. Speakman then said he had great plea9Ld senting Mr. Langshaw with a medal. He had retary to the club for many years, and ha yeoman service. Mr. E. Key then said that the committee Al to present a medal to the president of the idee thought it was impossible to get a better Pregol Mr. Speakman for he was always there to both in sympathy and pocket. He was tke F help them in any difficulty and the coansuitt.`;fi it was very iesirahle the. he ehould receliele token in recognition of the success of their c planse.) •ci e' Mr. Speakma.n briefly responded, and ell b ever he could do for the football in the futor',ol, have the greatest pleasure in doing Its in tbeEoo Cheers being raised and shouts for a few the ceptain Mr. W. Faulkner said on heri fo`i players he thanked Mr. Sp.Akar.an very Moc old he had said. (Applause) They had WO°, 'IV had no stolen it. (Laughter and applauie.looA got a good team and he hoped the members,e'r together so that they could see if they CO the cup in town. (Cheers.) The proceedings then terminated by the Natioual Anthem.

6./ 08 TOBACCONISTS commencing; Tlltutrateloa ruc, (259 pages) 34. TOBACCONISTte 0001.1: Euston-road, London. (Mgr), HENRY IdTfo"

pERFECTION " SOAP

AND LIFE ASSV"

---------- 4 too 7 , offec, ti ,A11:59159. JOSEPH OROSFIELD a 8°101).04 1_ users of', PERFECTION " SOAP • helle ep LIFE ASSURANCE, wills immedia'' te -a o One Year, in the British Workman's Assurance Company. tg / 1 tige'• IP ti The policies may be taken out for al nont 'of and run from £2 25. to £ll 105. in sui-diet° benefits are much larger than can secured li tim usual weekly payments. floors 112 " Perfection " (outside) sir.rty collected any time before June 30th, For full particulars see bills. a ,116 Y " PERFECTION " SOAP is mannfacteg w, FULL POU•N

)44 ezhaordinary gel '?!tt's Basking Con 1114 d, was held in.( thy, Lord Playfait 'the desirability 01

,ziicitor explain 'llaigaination. 'all 44 assets o the 31st jegions. The 4.llehich was t tb7," exception 1 capital of I 4krilie retained bn °bg their i _ In consider 7.eate an iSSUE istribution a, Bank. Tte DaTinent 3 on the s Bank. Ti: iripaSSU i last, and ii ling on 31st 4ors of th was 1! :area Ba iated Bant the Congo 'arr's Bank tors of the and these I not electei lit Pany v leS with P office. 1 I the Coi lan MOC Z74,l2mat OUtiti I'm'Ment he vth itZrY well. Pa 4i' branches i thttinot hitherto lilitte; of Manch uabd, was e ' and growi tion would , lb !dandiest that not 1414eteci "4-ak oches of: ' 'ad receive edle-stree bUsiness, a result of the hank w %WO wa , • Parr se 4 carried, ebf: to ques Nie4. the nil ilaWiolidated IltiNkiiller share .were woi Nek, compan itil e agreeine ' 1404 Would bi 9 The din Sr glii"," were t( ittetolizottnd tiler PI or other, )1k 44 author ,Cirea; of £lO, 40.._ted. and tile—re of the • albalgama ted.

LAS' .ue week vessels tiZ4llchester veLiTisecl tonok ;7_., of 27,48 littrq 38 of 23 it;4l Services see Mar 4 eIT' to oes °fullest thf 14%Tere1r "toas:4ll ot ti \°9 ehi " oni l!Dfurg,nlßea°,uta:c .k • 14. IPPing r.

TRU AT %turn of the docks, the grc Saturday b //thh46-`4llc, th Months

rnoo_ls,, it eB9 Ip:osaici.hs. 11: a p IMlttaxV. IiZR 4 4Pril, leg - - oUki hc. 6 1.1i.-' -- noted claV's tram i It is also ne rest four mont `l,". correspond k!lin increase that then '" whose

Y. and the docks is a 11310 date the to spring

4IRING ,

.t,ttn_izys,vt;t:l,o4h._iii444l7o,6,o.;ontintt::::e.:ll:sb,,t;hitdrtGei.iehdo..d.hipoe.,jurgecirte;aortnicyl.,:h:mor:oiaeneiEt rvratlon of 74-11 Y was the Iseittzeonsiderat -41st,! result sl rtktott49. I,v/hi( %„ksirflgmine 13:74etimleg re-( -44ttii,„ financial 414:0 for in their. 14119 Daid' Nlkt them asi, ,* •20) bouelda,Soi cothood o: .uPahy. klphat,l) MINI; : 144:4:11(litjon Zeatallltltttiee tha t„eadY on 10 %111 the i 000 te gold to tile aPet leve' Ni4144,0°° feet tire,.ll' COO Vttle -"ettY h 4,1441 e D•riee ofal la ;alit aheuld tel...e,eeeding qetilk: it'. et of t ani b."oot t-41111 °I the ti‘tMgale b th " ti-. eed -ck I. 01 litNtitol4 _ go kit:l'4'k ,abluegrera (b.:4 Part 1 rl tr Dee4lle et re k:,iotigroon :ee 'will t 6 fUlly Nlyta.a to ti Itkb glzr, LIVEF

-3,—,, ...,.' ~.; • '--.,'-•.....',',?!•`-,•-. _ v• ..!..4 r'•,`;',..::•,',....-'1'.';`,14'.,. . ' !‘;'4,',,"',...-..,,,V, ~,;',,,:,''.i5...._,.. """.-• -;—:•A-- , ~--..t:A.,,..j..'.--' .4.iii,,,:,1,::..4-,4,-,...,.. ...,,,. -14•:(...5; fte .-•,4:4i.'!•4:. ~4_,,,,,. 4,4..;,::,•,,.-.4, - &..t. ~,,,'Y ev, i•,,,-._:•,, , . . , ; ' %od. ''' ~,,,,,4, . , - ~,i-1.-. ~..,_,-,.,:i4,--:)4. • ~,,loli '-:;.",?4'.,,=;.:Y1k ''',',•''' ..,,/,. • ..,:4 ''si'4,,q4,:F,'-....' -" L' _.4,-,,!:,;-:,,i;;::'7:,i,;(:1 /PO,. ' - itf;;;'•::•,:" . . ' • 7i.,...•;;;:ii•.,.?,•',1ii ..;,:tkir . ,rs'''''.!:-• '• • 1441 , ,f :....,-,. ~.,,, ~.'' ', ...,,,,,.. , ~.•,!,?:••• '. , ,:-,. . ~, IN •,.•.'i',,,t-f,-z-.,,„•-<•,.._ •-, !....... . . • tz,-.. . .14.:.,,,, .. ~.. 'l,oon i;A:-.1 ':•,:.y.,:Fil. ''. .' . 't,t'.,' •-.i.;,;-:•• :-• . .. „I`v• ). ' kiis4tl,-V. • ..-.. ''.. 1,,,,,;: . -.: . ' . -ur, it ~,..TA....... eifil-> t. ::,.i;;'.l.,•:Ac:-.4.:, ,to 0 It' ' iti j 1 E. Nj°llsl: '.144. bk. • ---calltS /1 - • "4 dii ' ', ted • ke. a .51., 1, 's'' thetu , Pitt,., , b kti e. ' ' . ‘4l•"ri 1 ly ' ' thi ' • C, a ~ 4 ~,„ggida, ip, re'w ...., 1..., *hid 1 Ykk w k ,itli" . 00140;,... 11r , poi ',. , uti a 'I, be.4l '' • _ oft I. Yikat i 1 e li a4t •rL . ,5 i Xl ~ ' -ne COI 4 11 •.' , , '..11 fit k •Lt,. 1 • the' 116:: 01 •E ' • t0,,,._b ,'. , • —'ettietv ;poor.; • • b‘ 41 ' .SIL • . ' ' t %h.': • ' ' b.k . - 4• ' , . k it , ic.4ty?. • ' t . . i . OF i 344'• ihtt 1, 1 1. ' 1 . 1/1 ,iiSti P 1 ~ !1 ,vi ' s tlqbe_ 4 0 ' 1 tt;;;It atr 10' oi• liV. 4 , P - tO4 k ! , , • , 'kb i ' • . . •r_ Co I" .usackl 02::. 113:100i :. 081 t'• ' , ' ') :AI . . . b i•iii 4A ;tier (11/ ' :. • ria ki I , 111 • '4, ..k.,_ ,ittei Ititt7l -4 111 i (0!' fl" li 0 til lal . korto. ,1 (101 co', " 1001 'pi . ti oirti, ,4 • , 1 , , - 0 ) AI ,

NE

r.l.lllv,r:l:‘ir I. '] • . 144'14 Culr,'‘, %It ktra4latll).l 1,111ei.„"

===== 0002601_18960523_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ellillk

===== 0002601_18960523_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
cithiFeßilia FIG syROP

PARR'S I

===== 0002601_18960523_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,447

===== 0002601_18960523_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
,C4S

PARR'S 13 iNK, LIMITED.

reft .entlY Liver,

nstipi cbe- iy re' stolv„1 rulY onlY eable t msdes love-

ed oalY bi

~A rernuv), ,onle 09fit dis3PP°oo los i 5

up ti post Ire°

oionies:it N. g'y

eztr . rd!nary general meeting of the shareholders °king Company and the Allianee Bank, Taa held in Cannon-street Hotel, London, on Playfair, the chairman, presiding to con- ,nr l.airability of amalgamation with the Consolid- leekt . faelailtor explained the main provisions of the pro- Ito 441 gatnation• eTh Consolidated Bank was to assets of every kind, including its pro- all it* trzeht? °lst a December last, to Parr's Bank, with Air I,?na• The first of these was a sum of !er.0111:11ich was to be retained by the liquidators. the "oePtion was a Qum equal to 9s. per share oaPital of the Consolidated Bank, which retained by the liquidators fir distribu- 'ng their shareholders according to their In consideration of the transfer Parr's Baelt r.eate an issue of 16,000 new shares of £lOO raribution among the shareholders of the Con- -I,tilt• Tte £320,000 referred to was to be DaTnient of £2O per share on new shares, ;ni en the same footing as the existing capi- ii.aak. The 16,000 new shares were to carry passu with the existing shares from the 41,1:41t, and in lieu of the dividend for the three on 31st March Parr's Bank were to pay 'uators of the Consolidated Bank a sum of. lion was is. el. per share on the capital of ;_, Parr's Bank were to satisfy all liabilities of 'dated Bank, and were to elect six of the %the Consolidated Bank to be members of the area Bank. They were also to pay the fees 44,4ra of the Consolidated Bank up to the 30th and these directors of the Consolidattd Bank r,oot elected to seats on the board of Parr's ,L°ll,4l:°,lhPany were to be at liberty to make ra with Parr's Bank for compensation for office. Parr's Bank was to take over the the Consolidated• Bank. Liclt-Znnan moved a resolution authorising the 0nt7,7 out the proposed amalgamation. The •Lagreirient, he said, was upcn the same lines as with the Alliance Bank, which had liitabelyery 6, of well. Parr's Banking Company had a large 1W 44 Ranches in Lancashire and Cheshire; but qtriettitot hitherto been able to penetrate the import- tthe,e, of Manchester. The Consolidated Bank, on '''lll' • -and, was extremely strong there, having a :11.47ad growing business. The effect of the 10%;t1on would be that they would have twelve Anliktve4Ma,richester and its neighbourhood ; and it AliNtb that not one of these overlapped with the Ltanches of Parr's Banking Company. In Lon- %,illekead received a very valuable freehold property, iti,ttisneedle-street. There was no intention of dts- ti'2. business of the different banks as now trans- ziOer!, result of the whole scheme was that, the -cau 41e hank would be increased to L6,600,0A, of et4z4,7,..320,000 was paid up. L Parr seconded the motion, which was un- tarried, 1711:14! to questions. N.Cti, the manager, stated that the shareholders tirolidated Bank would receive £1,498,000 ; kaaer share the 200,000 shares of the Consoli- Reei°4oZ. were worth exactly £1,500,000. The direc- tzOtic', companies had carefully considered every, agreement, and were satisfied that the ar- !VOL' Would be benefical to the shareholders and Iketsllen'i. The directors who did not join the Board of alc_they-il were to receive £l,OOO each on condition Ote;""land themselves for three years not to engage `4,oo3lati„B or otherwise in any ether rival bank. th;"os authorising the increase of the capital by Libt:!!)f £lOO each, changing the name of Parr's m'iteetZwl, and empewering the board to add six of atZtlie .1•6 of the Consolidated Bank to the director- ''l44;:rnalgainated bank were passed, and the meet- -mated.

4.o.tea, r.. ,;•\ : '44 .• • 'it! n , , pO,OOO v ••.;`,i‘v. • to t, )y5 ,tsli to, 111 •t't di! ktki , fts .es th, e Nhsi ,100 Ilit i,ett ,onnqqi 1% rlk -m10) p,

.4u, um, -me(

===== 0002601_18960523_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
players Erg, LsticalltPir, '1 j upon 00 90 men vi 3roug h. lub, Sal 01 corn 0,11100 tball

—n-oble .rieei; t corloloo ecured 6 tot 4 to tile° _,.4

folV in theol inson. 4.0 'artier,' i;11 alker.% Toy, ner. 2•§11 [Liam Ds,l r andnatft F. I that u othereD AS 6.7 the revl

01 t ple,a3 Be bi'd id had j

ittee dopil )f tbe er preol, !re °Ills; oir s tke :nolitte-0 0 receiloD. their c . I

st •a o‘ 1 841 D j luta'a ot• • tbePiay in war 0 few ati on bell-for ' och rni di) Woo it - e ) au, • so 0; abers ,d 7 COO' of OP' the sill'

too iv Cl' y.Fo°

tsCP

too! offoo,i ,oxs .ro „fit, f belluatO ;le a atn° Ord tS•

fel 41611 P otu. ifi

===== 0002601_18960523_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

Ithie LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC. tit-Noc,ii;"o week ending Friday May 151 the number 041, esselß arriving at and sailing from the tegurlehester was 191, representing an aggregate ipticered tonnage of 51,101 tons. Of this total t7tuo, anacil 27,480 tons were engaged in the coastwise 144,11 h ,LlB of 23,621 tons in the foreign trade. New • verseip y"rvfees were started between Manchester Itt-4. 4re 1!1,6111 Manchester and the South of Ireland eq, to materially increase the trade of the 07,1Lts ot et the principal arrivals were two large eO7: 14 4„ letal merchandise from New York, several -4411akod from Egypt. The ex?orts included 0i timber from Nova Scotia, and a cargo shipm %ions kil'ireburg, trite of a miscellaneous character to St. htit,,°f itlnay and Australia. The total move- Plugwas the largest recorded in any week

, -----_____ t_ll4 lan APRIL TRAFFIC RETURNS. ' Wlthrn of the weight of nrrchlindiss handled at , "ous docks, wharves, &c., On the Ship Canal last ind the gross earnings thereon, which was pub- " Saturday, shows' that not only is the traffic tke . rapidly, but also that the rate of progress tends totiNetneoanstthhebtouldeaosf trheegrport expands. . traffic was c 1/tetitorifte, as following comparison with the best • tls Months demonstrates : Seagoing traffic Total traffic.. . , 041,1895 ..... 105,994 [ Jetty.her, 1895 1 tons 03,515 tons 133,865 tons. 1101ff-7'91R8% 113,006 tons 138,04]. tons. 1:1-41`viin18-- 113,993 tons most rli a p a noted that the January record, wivek i 1%441 davP,r°achas to last month's, includes an add ni- !raffia, equal to three or four thousand INk trst f!" also noteworthy that whereas the traffic for Z.vttii. _ ruur months of 1895 was 40 per cent.mo re than now;.e-0 .reaponding period of 1894, the con ent cyear itiA4n Increase on ups of 44 per cern. It may safely i , 3! that there is no other seaport n the United I..4lpkiVea whose trade is increasing with an equa I NO, and the fact that this large traffic never half docks is a reassuring proof of their capacity to bki4ipsodate the greatly augmented trade which seems 1:1 t 0 spring up as time goes on.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
_ 41}TING AND FINANCIAL NEWS.

t JACKSON GOLDFIELDS. tt I% t fr NI sahe recommendation of that well-known mining Z 4115,,:, air. J. F. Parks, superintendent of the celebrated Gold Mine,which is situated close to the pro- Zkituiwned by the Jackson Goldfields Company, the L l riirLthe present shaft on the Amador Queen mine Vort „nng continued to a further depth of 500 feet, om cutting will be commenced. The depth at- tiTl April 25th was 211 ftet, and every sample of iiN itiertc. assayed contained gold. All the successful Oret„stbe immediate vicinity had .shits sunk to a epth of 500 feet,prior to dpfting,and during of sinking a large quantity of gold was ob- i.‘ 041411(1in one instance at least—the Church Mine- -0 k toY Wa.s the expense of 6joking defrayed, but there P.'1044 461derable surplus; and there is no reason why k...Nek il result should not be obtained with the Amador lit,J4e,°, • I,which is liter ally surrounded by some of the g mines in the district.one of which,tbe Oneida Vss eel test t rig re-opened under the auspices of the most IL it,. hancial firm in the world. Now, therefore, is , et% ' for investors to purchase as many Jackson atqultit their present very low price of is. ed. fpoi.er, tit4l4l t,s; Daidtas they are able to t.ike. up to pay Is 4 b„, ern aside to reap results similar o those ob: !uch dividend payers as h the. Keystone. Ken- r,c,„rei,,aoL,SoouitthheEmurienkeas,oanwdneodthboyrstthne ilthaeok immediateseo u old ~ ttiPany, ICkuit uIINING SHARES OF NEW ZEAL &ND. 101....linsition should the Achilles property, situated --s. Zeal.,„l, take • now that we have got the Nrettio - belseall,, that the Achilles Company's 30-stamp , frer„;Y, on the property, turned out 725 OM. of c4illtstolletoilat:e:-.. t‘eev initial 720 tons lof ore crushed, and that w' gold stone was on from a lower depth— leel—it produced 10 on. to the ton, tid IN totul). feet level the crushings exhibited 20 oz. 11.40Dert Considering that the immense richness of 7 has how been proved, it is obvious that of the shares is to be measured by their ld 44 1 is "hiskl,ahou ~ now advance by leaps and bounds. 1 11:154psectle`ung mail brings reports from New Zealand !14e4 tin of its mines as satisfactory as they are and the mines owned by Achilles Gold- ttiLohf 6.lltc'd, are now contributing much evidence the mineral wealth of the colony. Cable- .4l/471 ,_ been lately received exhihiting the mines Vele. he Achilles Comp any as of immense produc- Lich tts! n7EI the last crushing—in April—produced N. 4°ld -gold, in addition to which 2,000 tons of ;elk eabbil'o were still "on hand. According to the N % 4 'granis and %h reports, a winza is now being a Neel, Dart of the main lode for the No. 5 level, tpLtiteDgent returns may be looked forward to from k-41_,RrCsuA %CU ' where it is expected that. the three 04, at, cull meet. Achilles shares now stand at 3s. Ntlieill as toy Paid but having regard to what is now , lie great wealth of the mines, they must . min , - to many times their present price. ..._

ER's LI ti rrLE ,v_ R PILLS . 1 BEAU iIFUL TEETH ' '' ' - ..2e" !or all who use daily on tir,i tooth - ,4 I '/,',"' . '. I'l - . If 1 VA ti. [..0rt.....4• A., '.‘..'' I brush a few drop; 4,,1 SOZODOh f: v(t,,,.., be pleasantest ir_ the ;;- 1(i.,,,,, t i-Eil.c: or , " T iie ~.,Li.ver iv.e ; Cleanses the teetslilift,ii/lstriaeciBe_.s lqt tkOpleitio,' it , t between them a tfli.,ll\hit:e. will. Sound :Ind pear:Y.,,,r-rnt ' Chni RO tv)."ll7'tlY : . teeth, rosy lips, awl. ir. , ctuist,,, ..1:4-)_,-4.ta"i ! breath ensured. Ask IakISOZODONZ

,IVEE

===== 0002601_18960523_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
, • 4€4,, 'plAirh-A7

===== 0002601_18960523_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING! PRINTING !

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS,

PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN,

RINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES,

PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18960523_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ENVELOPES FROM 2s. PER 1,000. THE "EXAMINER" WORKS, BEWSEY STIIEET

===== 0002601_18960523_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
'e 4Sl44%kkorbto ) fr . ~. / \ : . A ' .e .‘' .„.• vv -- e. if. I!, I I ' f ttil 1:‘:4 0 v,,- -

===== 0002601_18960523_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bogs. Moths. Beetles.

POWDER,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERB A L EMBROCATION.

RUPTURES.—REYNOLDS' Patent Imperceptible Indiarubber Stem Pad TRUSS. Suitable in all cases. perfect Fit Ensured. Write or call for particulars.— REYNOLDS, 10, Slate -treet (a few doars Bold-street), Liverpool. Open o Saturday until 7 v.m.—advt

===== 0002601_18960523_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18960523_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

WEAK STOMACH

===== 0002601_18960523_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
TREE TO MEN. When you are tired of takii. useous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weetkness, Sze. from whatere cause arising . NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope o," receipt of two stamps for postage A. d.LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-street, London, W.O

;. ••,N 4,..' 4,, , •

===== 0002601_18960523_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-•k , , . ,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
.:::in: , • .7:1. ini: t.,,,.!.,,,,...";::: 7:I.:: :. „.: 1,;.!,,, ~',5.: ,45. '4,1;--,-,::•';'.:'' ...Tvw....,,,.. 1 ENGAGEMENT ~.-7. ~,. 4i it_ ~,, .. 'Jo

HALF-HOOP, MARQUISE, GIPSY, AND ALL OTHER DESIGNS,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SET WITH

BRILLIANTS, RUBIES, EMERALDS, PEARLS, SAPPHIRES, OPALS, TURQUOISE, ETC., ETC., ETC. 6,000 IN STOCK TO CHOOSE FROM.

PARCELS OF UNSET GEMS TO SELECT FROM.

WEDDING RINGS AND KEEPERS. MERCHANTS NETT CASH CITY PRICES, SAVING ALL PROFITS, SELECTIONS SENT TO THE COUNTRY ON APPROVAL.

The FINEST, CHEAPEST, and LARGEST STOCK of

RINCS in LONDON.

Illustrated Book of Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, Watches, Clocks, Plate, &c., at Reduced Prices, Post Free.

SIZE OLD

CARDS SENT FREE JEWELLERY AND WATCHES

ON APPLICATION. TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

J. W. BENS • Ng HA. the Queen's Jeweller,

Steam Factory: 62 az 64, LTJI3O/I"rE HILL.

AND AT 82, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C., and 25, OLD BOND STREET, W., LONDON.

"Half a Loaf is better than No Bread"

it is made with the famous

D

9 •e•IL.

burgh, Yeast,

„ , ..,” / -. • ' V• '---? ' .4, /-,•:, r, ^ / , ~...,,,..; , ~,",,,..,„„:,,,,,, • _ N, ofy. ,'•:" \\\,,\ / ‘`." - /////77 \\\\ ' / ' //- -.:6AN. , 4,1/ -.....!•.: •,,,, ;. ,4 ~..„ : ,\\ ‘V,,, Nk 0 yl/ I.‘l ‘S EE. '.,„:',; \s. , -*•••,C47. ~, `s? \—, ' /104:.----:7,'!: ~.., --t- 1 ';'• N.‘' `-! ~.. A ( e 4-1 fl ,fif.,,,R ~,,. .•.s.s.s..'. A: ~ .A, ~-.- , - = - W.V 4.;' ,0' : • ;,:•''''' ..,;.' .'`:'. •::,. -„, •, ~ , " ,:,,,- ,-..-- ~,,, ff, ow; .- .--_-_i.-.T-,--.., ~•-•._' -•- • :-' ,* . :,,... ; . .• , . :?:' ' - ~ _. _ ,= , ..., . ''' "—:42% ;;- , ~ ' '

===== 0002601_18960523_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
YEIAST.

DISTILLERS COMPANY, Ltd., Edin- invite Shopkeepers to sell their and Bakers and Householders to Absolutely pure and unequalled for Loaf and Fancy Bread, Tea Cakes, Buns, &c. :0:-

'D.C.I.: Note

===== 0002601_18960523_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITII a prudent use, has savel many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

2

cç • STOWEICS IME-JUICE

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Supplied to'' the .0.y4;z1.1-lousehold.

'l' rnim ii......,i....,.. , . casini„ L . , ' ,ipx,--- . 41

go" ~;-':- ,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
, .. . ~ , ...- . .. . . ' 1 'rf- '''-.. . • ~ ~...° ~..., q.. ~ , ;,,, •,.., ,:,, , As, ysl . ~,, 4 q ~ t,. , ~..., ,;. . .:, , .. , .. •,..

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &c. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for

CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS.. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, tee.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD 7STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE IRISH LINEN

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN :RISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L DIEN IRISH LINEN IRISW LINEN

G.R.

IRISIIVKirTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

J. Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. _ _ .

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; ma,le spec;al to patterno 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,419, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISE NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per_yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. . IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SII3!I‘IER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durab,ilityr , 5 and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents',lN ear. PIATTERNS FR** RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCE4S OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID, HUTTON 84 CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
, ~ , , .. , , 1' 5 I, Is , 1 1 •i,; ; it; . '• 4 ; 01 e , , i I ;., 1 t I . 1 ~ ' 4 : -4 .ttr, i , • 1 I ~ • .; , , . , j N t t. 1 :1,1•.... • i .- 1. • 1 • It .t , • , ' ' , i t ; ; 1 ; ; 1 ' i .; ; t ; i I t i 1 . , 1 _ ! - i I , t , . t ,t! . 14. f ~ / •••., i • , , i t .., I r . . ,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISH AT WORSLEY'S, " THE PANTHEO "

GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER.

HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURSITURE. IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. •

THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNITURE BY LAMB, GILLOWS, FURNUURB BY DOVBSTON, OGDBN,

FURNITURE BY BIMAN, WILSON.

FURNITURE BY GOODALL, GARNETT,

FURNITURE BY MAPLE, AND SHOOLBRED.

TO COUNTRY BUY ERS.—The enormous patron- JIL age enjoyed by Worsley's from customers all over Lan- cashire, Yorkshire, Cheshire. The Potteries. all over the North. The Midlaxds, and Wales, will prove how much is the saving effected by purchasing at Worsley's. In future car- riage will be paid on all orders over 220 to any part of Bng- land and Wales. It is only fair to say thAt better value could not be obtained than Worsley's New Goods, and the Second- hand Furniture simply bewi,ders and demoralises competi- tion. Never mind what distance you live from Manchester. It will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 50 per gent.

QPECIAL NOTICE.—WORSLEY'S buy, sell, or exchange furniture to ~ny amount. If you wish to sell your furniture apply to Wors'ev's, who will attend promptly and save you worry and loss of auction. If you wish to ex- change yonr furniture, you eannot do better than see Wore- ley's, who will effect a satisfactory and equitable exchange. If you wish to buy furniture, then you must go to Worsley's, or be guilty of criminally neglecting your own interest and that of economy and stability. Worsley's have 10 times more second-hand furniture on view than all I heir competitors put together, being the only firm who have regularly accredited commission agents buying all over the country.

FURNISH THROUGHOUT AT WORSLEY'S. Mr. Worsley wishes to draw special attention to the following complete Houses of Furniture. teing considerably the best value ever offered. Mr. Worslev makes a speciality of complete houses of furnitur-, clittinz down the prfces. be- lieving in the equity of selling a complete lot at a less ratio of profit than a single article. Inspection invited.

COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. As usual, we have several Houses iif Furniture which have been purchased from suburbs round Manchester and removed to "The Pantheon' for convenience of sale, The complete particulars containing 'perfect apt tification will be forwarded post free to any address upon application. It is worth your while to write for on, it will be information for you. we confidently assert that for £2O you can obtain what many of our competitors would charge £4O for new. The first Lot is an exceliput HOUSH of FURNITURE. complete for four rooms. Hall, Stairs. Landing, itc., pur- chased and removed from Great Western-street; honestly worth £4O, our price £2O.

NOTICE. —We have many other Houses of furni- ture for Sale, and shall be pleased to supply particulars from £lO up to almost any price, also all special inquiries for single articles, or can separate any of the above lots, striking sit anything not required, Yo.l will find Worsley's very obig- ing, either in supplying particulars or in showing you the goods. If you are not satisfied, don't buy.

- HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. Great S ALK, by Private Treaty, at "THE PAN- THEON."—CONTENTS o I Ea.:Weigh Gardens Villa.

LOT 110. Complete SUITE for Dining-room, in genuine Pollard oak, the finest figured and prettiest wood extant, being rich in colour and beautifully mottled. Prices quoted for each article, or free delivery to any railway station in England The suite consists of six chairs of massive build, the backs having square panels of upholstery. all richly carved ; the two easy chairs have arms to Loth, are of equal size, and luxurioasly upholstered. The couch is broad and comfortable, with massive so:id heads of carving, the whole being covered in rich Turkey grain morocco leather, wine colour. The suite cost £B5; price £42, Quite as good as new. There are six extra chairs and two carvers if required. The sideboard is a specimen of very high class cabinet work, made by Morris, of Bath, is profusely rich in artistic carving, and Is altogether one of the handsomest sideboards in England. Honestly worth £lOO ; price £4l 10s. The dining-table to dine 14, is also heavily carved ; mat £25 ; price £ll2 106 The over- mantel is a gem, quite superior in style, £7 15s The coal cabinet, in rich Pollard oak, is £7 105, but cost £2O. This will assure our readers it is no ordinary pieee of furniture. The whole will be sold in one lot tor 102 guineas, money returned If not satisfactory in every respect.—W. H WORSLEY, " The Pantheon, Gaythorn, Manchester. Established 1841,

LOT 112.—The DRAWING-ROOM is one of the most perfectly furnished rooms imaginable, containing furniture of the most stylist]. recherche. fascinating descrip- tion. The whole is carved Chippendale, being dull polished. so highly appreciated now in society, and although second- hand is quite perfect. so perfect that it would puzzle axiom- bolsterer to tell it had been used, all that art could do having just been completed to make the furniture equal to new, it being essential that drawing-room furniture should be spot- tessly fresh. The suite contains settee. two Princess easy chairs, a carved backed chair, and tour variously designed occasional chairs, the whole being upholstered in rich Genoa velvet. The cabinet is sft., Mooresque in style, having a Moorish carved curtain canopy; the whole Is brilliantly fitted with curiously shaped panels of bevelled plate glass, the lower portion containing china encasements. The overmantel matches, the coal cabinet ditto, and last, but not least, there Is a set of four occasional tables of weird style, each different. The whole, as before state 1. forms a charming suite, well worth 259 guineas; price for immedia e stale, 85 guineas. Inspection invited.—W. H. WOHBLBY, Gaythorn, Man- chester.

Lot' 113.—Tho Best BEDROOM FURNITURE is handsome, very bold sod of original design, by Doves- ond consists of a very massive wardrobe, containing all modern fitments. with a pair of brilliant plate-glass full-dress folding doors. The dressing table is pedestal, fitted with numerous drawers and surmounted with brilliant swing mirror attached to elegantly-fitted jewelled drawers. The washstand is fitted with Carrara marble top, also Carrara marble bick, as superior to tiles, fitted also with shaving ralirer. There is a fine table de nuit,aho four chairs and towel airrr. Thewardrobe is 7ft gin ; the tables 51t. The suit cost £175; price 65 guineas. Money retnrned if not satisfactory. The very heavy solid brass Persian bedstead of this room is a surprise, being undoubtedly the handsomest in the North of Rngland ; it Is fitted with quadruple wire mattress and quite new hair mattress. Price .or the lot, 228158. The bedstead alone cost £5O. WORSLEY'S, Manchester.

LoT 114.—The Visitors' BEDROOM. contains a high-class solid American walnut bedroom suite, richly and superbly carved in bss relief. This suite is of very superior style ant workmanship. and is unique from the fact that it is the only one of the kind In the world. It contains the usual pieces as in lot 3, but the sizes are 61t. wardroue and 4ft 61n dressing table an I washstand; the panels are all inlaid on solid American walnut with the finest figured burr walnut; price £35, worth 70. The brass Persian bedstead is similar to lot 3. but not so massive; price £l5 •cornplete. WORSLEY'S, Manchester.

T OT 115.—The HALL FURNITURE is fumed _IL .4 oak, and consists of a very handsome hall stand, +fatted with hat and overcast hooks of repousee brass, also large bevelled mirror in centre, with square framed umbrella and stick holders, also two hall chairs to match; the set complete fur £9 10s., worth £2).—WOISLNY'S, daythorn.

T OT 116.—Magnificent Solid Oak Cylinder DESK, kJ cost £33, for £l2. Lot 7. Ameri3an Desk, cost E2l, for £9; also Scotch Bureau, £B. Lot 8. Mahogany Book- case. 71t., £lO, cost £6O. Lot 9. Miler's Safe, cost £2C, for £6. Thousands of Miscelltneous Bargains at WORSLEY'S. Special Notice. —Mr. W. H. Wors'ey wishes it to Le dis- tinctly understood that no further charge beyond the adver- tised price will be made either for storing, delivery, or fitting. " The Pantheon " is close to the Central Station, Af%nchester, and is a massive pile of buildings, containing over £2O 000 worth of high el sss second-hand furniture of all d,,,seriptions. 400 suites from £3 10s. to £l5O.—W. H. WORSLEY (established 1841), "The Pantheon." Gaythorn, Manehester. HOURS OF BUSINESS, 9 to 7 EVERY DAY.

CONSUMPTION.

BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

I will demonstrate to the whole world and to suf- ferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be permanently cured by an entirely New Method of treatment, without the chance of failure. Particu. lars is" from Mr. WILLIAMS, 11, Burwood place, Norfolk Crescent, London, W.

VARICOSE VEINS.

VARIXIA.— The new remedy for Varicose Veins, applied as a Lntion,gives immediate relief.

VARIXI A—cures Varicose Veins without operation or band- ages. Medical and other tr stimonials accompany each bottle. VARIXIA. 2s. 9d, per bottle, post free. Of all Chemists .or direct from the VARIXIA COMPANY, 10 , HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. (Ist floor.) Sole manufaciurere.

THE MOST PERFECT TR t?ATMENT IN THE WORLD. PUPTURE Specbilly Treated by the World- renowned BROOKE'S' TREATMENT. without Pain, D Inger, Operation, or Detention from:Th.lE4.nm. Immediate relief. One visit only oecess,ary. Large book, giving full details, sent liee from Mc. AUSTIN BROOKES. Hernia Specialist, 17. Southampton,treet, High Holborn, London Also at PoWand Crescent, Leeds; and I,l9wrz.st/e-on.qm, x

PURE RICH RED

BLOOD BY TAKING

HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA.

" I venture to say that Hood's Sar- -saparilla is the best blood purifier I have ever known. I have suffered very much from impure blood. The symptoms were pimples on the hands. I tried many bottles of lotions, which only 'kept them back, but did not cure them. In the spring I bled at the nose quantities of blood which was very •dark,and which when cold had the appearance of a lump of black liver. I believe if that had not come out it would have killed me, and so said the doctor, and I think it was nothing but blood poison. I could not sleep, for pains. in my legs, arms and all my jointa. and my body was very muck swollen. Er.ery little cold gave me bronchitis and asthma. I was litt'm better in the summer, but during last winter I was as bad as ever. Early in the spring I received -one of the papers advertising Hoods Sarsaparilla. I at once sent for a bottle. I have now had two large ones rind two small ones, and I am a better man to-day than! have been for years. My isands burn a little at night, but I think they will soon be all right. I have recommended Hood's Sarsaparilla all around and have told many what a blessing I have found. You are at liberty to print this letter for the good of .otters." JosEPrt CaPpEEstacr, Ebecezer Cottage, Flarnborough, N.B. If you decide to take Hood's Sarsai arilia do not be induced to buy any other. Insist upon Hood's and only

HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Sold by chemistg ; 2s. 91.; and 4s. 61. Sent by post on receipt of priee in stamps or postal order. by C. I, How) 6; Co., 31, Snow Hill, London, H.C.

HOOD' FILLS

CURE ,SICK HEADACHE, is. 11d: Sold by chemists or sent by Dost on re:teipt of price by C. I. HOOD & CO., 34, Snow Hill. London, B.C. (1(

===== 0002601_18960523_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.

EARLESTOWN DRUIDS.

On Saturday evening the Earlestown Lodge of the Order of Druids had a social evening, held chiefly for the purpose of infusing new life into the mem- bers. The proceedings included a substantial knife and fork tea at the lodge, the rrince of Wales llotel,provided by Mr. R. Lythgoe, to which there were about 40 present. After tea a convivial even- ing was spent, songs, &c., being contributed by members and friends. EARLESTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

The 142nd quarterly meeting of this society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, on Mon- day evening. Mr. D. Forrester presided, and there was a very large attendance of members. The re- port and balance sheet showed that the cash re- ceipts over the counter for goods sold was £4,061 its. 011., showing a decrease below last quarter of £2 13. lid. The nett profits available for dividend on purchases were £550 83. Bd., out of which it was proposed, to pay a dividend of 2s. 91. in the £ to members requiring £546 us. 3d.. and is. 4d. in the .E to non-members, requiring 143. 81, leaving a balance of £3 2s. 91. to be added to the contingent fund. During the quarter 15 new members had been admitted, and 9 struck off, leaving the mem- bership at 949, of whom 624 had brought in checks. The following were elected to serve on the Com- mittee of Management :—Messrs. T. Swift, D. Bar- croft, and W. Clare, the latter to serve three months in place of Mr. S. Barrett who has resigned. Mr J. Jones was re-elected stock-taker. It was decided to grant the same amount for the employes' picnic, as on previous occasions. It was decided to invite the Bolton District Council to hold their conference this year at Earlestown. The question of a testi• monial or retiring gratuity to the late manager,Mr. T. Hargreaves, who has been compelled to resign through ill-health was brought up,and after a brief discussion it was decided to present him with an illuminated address, and a purse of £5O, a special meeting to be called for the purpose of the presen- tation. The question of filling the vacancy caused by the resignation of the manager was intrbduced, but no decision was arrived at, and the meeting was adjourned for further consideration of the matter. The adjourned meeting was held on Thurs- day night, but there was only a moderate attend- ance of members. The question of arranging for the duties of the late manager was again brought forward, and after some discussion it was decided to continue as a temporary arrangement the appointment of Mr. H. Birks as manager, with Messrs. Parr and Swift to perform the secretarial work, until the revision of the rules is completed. The legality of the gratuity of £5O, voted to the manager was brought into question and the com- mittee were requested to lay the whole facts before the society's solicitor and obtain his opinion upon them.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
EIRLESTOWN &ND N EWTON.

MEDICAL AND SURGICAL AID SOCIETY, EARLEsTOWN.

The annual collection in aid of the funds of the above society, which was taken up at the Vulcan Foundry last week, amounted to a 125., which Mr. A. Peaks the secretary has acknowledged.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSE AND CATTLE FAIR AT NEWTON.

The May Fair for the sale of horses and cows was held at Newton on Monday. The cattle fair in the morning was successtul both in point, of numbers and quality. Prices also were high ranging for milking cows from £l7 to .V 23 heifers and stirks also bringing good figures. In the afternoon a large number of horses was offered for sale, but the quality was only moderate, and little business was done. The transactions in cattle were fairly numerous.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUNKENNESS.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning, before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, John Cunning- ham, of Warrington, and John Flaherty, for being drunk in Earlestown on Saturday, were each fined 2s. 6d. and costs, and in default were sent to gaol or 7 days,—On Tuesday morning before Mr.Borron, William Pate, farmer, of Huston, near Chorley, was charged with being drunk in charge of a horse at Newton fair, the previous evening, and was fined 2s. 6d. and costs.—On Wednesday morning Peter Mclieown,of no fixed residence, for being drunk at Newton on Tuesday,was finad 2s.6d.and costs.and in default was sent to gaol for 7 days. GOOD IEMPLARY (EBENEZER LODGB). The Earlestown Ebentz-d. Lodge held its weekly session on Tuesday evening in the Co-operative Hail, Earle-street. Bro. T. Dean, C.T., presided. One candidate was admitted to membership. The L.D. Bro. W. J. Taylor read District Lodge circular, the next session to be held at Ormskirk on the 30th inst. The secretary, Bro. J. Taylor gave the report of No. 1 Convention held at Ashton on Saturday last. Bro. A. Francis, D.S.J.T., of St. Helens, gave an address, and thanks were tendered to him for his visit. Programme for evening " New officers to entertain." Sister Owens a song, Sister Woods a song, Bro. T. Dean a stump speech, after which the lodge closed. SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO A COLLIERY MANAGER.

On Monday, Mr. John Smallshaw, surface man- ager, at the Bold Colliery of the Collins Green Colliery Company, met with a serious accident, which it is feared will terminate fatally. Mr.Small- shaw was superintending the building of a new engine house, and was on a scaffold about 18 feet from the ground, when he slipped and fell heavily to the earth. He was removed unconscious to the Providence Hospital, St. Helens,where it was found that he had sustained injuries to the spine,and was completely paralysed. He lies in a precarious con- dition, and in order to ascertain the position and nature of his injuries the new photography was brought into use on Wednesday. GOOD TEMPLAR&

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. G. Clarke, C.T., presided, and there was a good attendance of mem- bers. The digest of business for the district lodge session was read by Bro. E. Newman, and represen- tatives instructed to attend. A report of the No.l Convention held the previous Saturday was read by Bro. E. Newman and adopted. The question of the annual pic-nic was left over tor a fortnight. The meeting was then declared open, the arrangements for the programme being in the hands of Bro. W. H. Crowther. Songs, recitations, •&c., were given by Sisters R. Warburton, M. Ord, A. Newman, J. Hill, Bros. Crowther, .1. Taylor, John Warburton and G. Clarke, and Bro. Newman, S.J.T., gave a short address. Bro. J. R. Muscrott presided at the piano. An enjoyable meeting was held. BURGLARS AT EARLESTOWN.

On Friday night about 11.45, Mr. Brammer, chief tailor to Mr. E. T. Evans, Market-street, returned to work to finish an order which was urgently required early on Saturday.and saw two men go suspiciously across the yard at the rear. He called Messrs. Owen and Parkinson in, and search was made. Nothing, however, was found to be missing, but Mr. Parkinson blew a whistle for the police, who also made a fruitless search. Mr. Owen saw a rag lying at the back door, and underneath discovered a jemmy. One of the mentad taken off his boots and left them on the stairs, but being suddenly dis- turbed it is surmised that he beat a 'quick retreat. Nothing more has been beard of the men, but it was subsequently found that a pair of boots were miss- ing from Mr. Hill's shop in Wargrave-road. SUDDEN DEATH Uie A BOLD FARMER AT HAILLBSTOWN.

On Monday afternoon Charles Whitfield, 69 years of age, a farmer, who lived at Bold, diei very sud- denly tit Earlestown railway station. He left borne in the morning accompanied by his son for the pur- pose of selling a horse at Newton fair. He disposed of the animal and left Newton by train about five o'clock for home. He had to change at Earlestown, and after walking from the curve to the station, he entered a carriage of the train which leaves Earles- town for St. Helens Junction at .5.25. As he was about to take his seat, he was observed to gasp,and immediately fell back. He was removed from the train, and was then found to be dead. The body was removed by the police to the Ram:'s Head Hotel and the coroner communicated with. Deceased had suffered fo- some time from heart diseas, and this is supposed to be the cause of death. '1 he doctor having certified that death was due to heart disase, the Coroner did not consider an inquest necessary.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
VULCAN WESLEY.LV.-SUNDAY SCHOOL.

Special anniversary services in aid of the above school were held on Sunday afternoon and evening in the schoolroom. In the afternoon the service ot song entitled "Frances Ridley Havergal," was given by the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. C. Dickens, Master W. 11. Grundy presiding at the organ. The narrative was read by the Rev. W. Arrowsmith of St. Helens. There was a large audi- ence, and the service was creditably given, the principal vocal items being rendered by Misses Astall, Martin, Harrison and Mrs. Wadsworth. The Rev. W. Arrowswith remarked that it might be

interesting to those present to know that they had 160 scholars and 1e) teachers. During .the past year it had taken £l5 Bs. 10d. to inaintain the school,and he had been requested to ask them for £lO. He never asked anything unreasonable from acongreg- ation, and he did not think he was doing so on that

occasion. In the evening the rev, gentleman preached to n large congregation when special hymns were sung by the children and choir. The collections at both services amounted to £8 Is. 10d. VULCAN FOUNDRY READING ROOM.

On Saturday evening a concert in aid of the Reading Room connected with the employes of the Vulcan Foundry Co.' took place in the Vulcan schoolroom. Mr. W. Norman, works manager,pre- sided, and there was a crowded audience. Mr. No- rman apologised for the absence of Nir.Collingwood, who should have favoured the audience with a couple of vocal items, but he was away from home and could not be present. Referring to the objects of the concert, he said that up to about 18 months

, ago they had no place of amusement,no library and I no place to read in except their own homes,and the Company came forward and generously lent them the dining room free. They were sorry the reading room had not been patronised according to expec- tation, and he would regret very much to see the thing drop, but he hoped everyone present would that night become contianous members. There was no telling what they would come to if they received sufficient encouragement. The concert was then proceeded with, an excellent programme , of songs being given by Mr.G.Wright,,Mr.J. Nichols, Miss Williamson, Miss Conway, Mr. Roscoe (Whis- , ton) ; cornet solos by Mr. Baxter ; dulcimer solos by Mr. Taylor; recitation by Mr. G'radwell, and Mr. Vernon supplied the humour. Mr. W. Thompson Hand Mr. 11. Hunt accompanied. DARING ROBBERY AT EARLESTODT.

- On Thursday afternoon about four o'clock a rob- bery of a barefaced character was committed at the residence of Mr. Roberts, in King-st., Earlestown. Miss Roberts, wto is housekeeper for her father left the house for a few minutes to do some shop- ping. She locked all the house doors, but left the yard door open, her father, who is employed at Messrs. Evans and Co.'s signal cabin a few yards away, having gone up the line to oil some points. When he returned, he went to the house and found the kitchen window slightly open at which he was much surprised,as he found it had been forced open with a pick which was in the yard. On his daugh- ter returning a few minutes „afterwards, they went upstairs, and found the things in the Lack bedroom upset, and a search disclosed the fact that Mr. Roberts watch and gold chain and pendant, goLl ring, and a suit of clothes belocgMg to his son-in- law were missing. The matter was immediately reported to the poliee,and prompt search was made but up t 3 the time of writing no arrest has been made. Although the housl, is one of a long row,no- tody of a suspicious appearanpewas observed about, and there is no clue As to tile identity of rte thief or thieves,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. EDWARD BROCIELE- HURST, OF TRETTON.

The remains of the late Mr. Edward Brockle- hurst, of Road-side Farm, Stretton, were interred. in Stretton churchyard on Sunday afternoon. De- ceased was a :well-known villager, and during his lifetime held various offices connected with the church, in which he took a great interest as well as in the schools. For some time he had been in fail- ing health, but his death was not expected so soon. His medical attendant was Dr. Moberly. The funeral cortege left deceased's residence soon after four o'clock, and was met at the church by the Rev. Cannon Dodd, who conducted a very impressive service. The coffin was of English oak with brass mountings, and was covered with many beautiful wreaths sent by relatives and friends. Deceased was 45 years of age. The chief mourners were— Mrs. Brocklehurst, Messrs. Ernest, Herbert. and Roger Brooklehurst (sons), the Misses Emily and Mary Brocklehurst (daughters), Messrs. Joseph, Richard and James Brocklehurst (brothers), and Mr. and Mrs. Purslow, Mr. and Mrs. Frith, Mr. and Mrs. John Ditchfield, Mr. and Mrs. W. Darlington, Mr. and Mrs. T. Ditchfield, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ren- shaw, and Mr. Joseph Ditchtield. Much sympathy is expressed to the widow and family in their sad bereavement.

FLETCHER, RUSSELL, AND CO.'S FOOTBALL TEAM. On Saturday the above team and their friends to the number of about 40 met together at the Red Lion, Stockton, Heath to celebrate their vic- tory in the recent Works Competition. In the afternoon a bowling match was held, Married v. Single,the benedicts just winning. A capital knife and fork tea was provided, to which justice was done. After the tables had been cleared a capital programme was provided,Mr. W.Waterfield officiat- ing at the piano. The following is the programme: —Pianoforte solo, Mr. Watertield ; songs (2), Mr. E. Sutcliffe ; songs (2), Mr. W. Woodcock ; song, Mr.J. Evans ; songs (2),Mr. F. Heesom ; song, Mr. Peters; song, Mr. White; clarionet solos (2), Mr. Adcroft. During an interval in the programme Mr. J.Lawless proposed a toast, viz., the health of the Fletcher, Russell, and Co's football team. lie said it was a pleasing duty for him to perform. In the compe- tition the team played 4 matches and scored 77 points against a dropped goal (4) point3,never hav- ing their lines crossed. He thought this spoke well for the abilities of the team. If there was any little fault in their play it only needed mentioning to have the matter rectified. This had been a pleas- ing feature, and had given great satisfaction to the team committee. Their opponents thought they were perfect and faultless,but the "good old cherry and white" soon dispelled this idea. His toast was "Health to Fietcher, Russell, and Co's football team." He hoped they mikht live long to wear the gold medals which they had won fairly and honestly against all opposition both good,bad and indifferent. Tile toast was enthusias- tically honoured. Mr. John W. Mills, in reply to the toasts, said the duty of replying to the toast should really fall on Mr. Heesom, the captain of the team, but as he was more at home on the football field than in making a speech the duty devolved upon him as secretary to the team. He said the team throughout the competition had endeavoured to play a good sound game of. football, and they thought they might at least congratulate them- selves that they had not tarnished the name they bore by their exhibitions of football.tTo Mr. Ernest Fletcher in particular, he gave the thanks of the team for his presence at the final tie, as the interest he had taken had been of great encouragement to each member of the team. Their opponents in the final tie made sure of victory but they reminded him of a great watch dog, " Their bark was worse than their bite," and after they had taught them not to shout until they were out of the wood and had won the victory, the team's triumph was completed in finding Mr. Fletcher there to receive the medals on their behalf. They had not won the medals by boasting whac. they could do, but by each and every man in the team doing his share of work, and to that they owed the victory. In conclusion, he thanked them for the toast and assured them that the team had derived benefit from the en- couragement they had received. If occasion again demanded it, each and every mem- ber of the team, was again prepared to do his best to maintain the name they had won as footballers in the Warrington district.. A most pleasant evening was brought to a close after a vote of thanks on the proposition ot Mr. Peters to the host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Coprock, to which Mr. Coppock suitably responded. A vote ot thanks was also passed to Mr. Bowers for his services as chairman, and Mr. Bowers,in reply, said he hoped they would soon have another pleasant gathering like the one they had spent that evening. The company then dispersed in the usual manner by singing "Auld Lang Syne," and" God Save the Queen."

===== 0002601_18960523_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATEST THING IN BICYCLES.

" I should deeply regret," writes the cycling editor of "Land and Water," being the first to saund a note of alarm amongst the holders of any company stock: but it is more than probable that the next few weeks will see the advent of a bicycle that will entirely revolu- tioniz• the trade. I have had the privilege of riding the very first machine of the new style. Its inventors claim that at last the pneumatic tyre has been superseded,and really I must confess that I am greatly inclined to agree with this view. lam not at liberty to go thoroughly into details of construction of the new [machine yet, but I can say the wheels are shod with solid rubber tyres while the frame is pneumatically slung. There is also an improvement in the build of the head of the machine. which greatly facilitates steering, The application of ' the pneumatic principle in the new machine is extremely simple and ingenious, and noes credit to the skill of the adaptor. On Monday I rode the machine a'couple of spins round S. James's Park. The roads therein,:as we all knew, are not the best for cycling, yet I got over them in a way that surprised me. The resilience was perfect. and at the same time there was an entire ab- sence of vibration in the handle bar. I rode at all speeds, from dead slow to the highest rate I dared in the presence of the law ; I also ran down the rough cobble- stone waterways by the side of the road, yet the result was the same, ease and comfort, and no extra labour re- quired to attain it. Later in the day I had a long spin, and I have formed the opinion that there is a future,and a great one, for this new rival of the pneumatic tyre. I should like to point out just two advantages suggested by the new, machine—first, the absence of inflated tyres will minimise the risk of breaking down on the road ; second, the new machine, so I am told, will be turned out in first-class style at a more popular price than the first-class machines of the hour. I believe that £lO or £l2 complete will be its retail price. Intending investors had better remember Captain Cuttle's advice, Stand by,' and wait for further developments. I may add that the machine I rode, being the first one made, does not satisfy the ideas of the inventor—nor does it contain all the points enumerated in the amended specifications of patent. The gentleman who purposes introducing this cycle to the public informs roe that the inventor is hav- ing a number of perfect mac Lines made within the next few days."

===== 0002601_18960523_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETOTAL OCTOGENARIANS.

As a practical demonstration of the hygienic results of teetotalism, the National Temperance League hit upon the idea of holding a meeting of octogenarian total ab- stainers, which gathering took place on Thuraday even- ing in St. Martin's Town Hall, London. Forty-one abstainers, including three women, occupied seats on the platform, the age of everyone of them being between eighty and ninety. The Secretary informed the meeting that he had received evidence of the existence of over 200 octogenarian teetotallers. Taking 152 of these, 16 were ninety to ninety-four years old, 31 wore eighty-five to eighty-nine, and 105 were between eighty and eighty-four. A great number of letters had been received, includidg one from Mr. T. Walmsley, of Preston, who wrote thNe his wife, three sisters, and brother were, Ilk himself, all over eighty, and had been original members of the Preston Temperance Society from the date of its formation in 1832. During the evening Mr. Livesey, of the same town, referred to the great temperance work done by his father,and exhibited the original " modera- tion " pledge framed at Preston 63 years ago. Another speaker was Mr. Isaac Sharp, an abstainer of 60 years' standing, and an admirable specimen (to use his own words) of a man who had reached three times thirty years. He was followed by the Rev. Newman Hall,wh-o completed Li, eightieth year on Friday. The chairman (Dr. F. R. Lees) referred to his aged supporters on the platform as old men really young, with faculties unim- paired, who had exploded every alcoholic superstition. Mr. Henry Brown, of Dublin, as representinc, Ireland, claimed that the sister isle formulated the first total abstinence pledge, in 1836, in Dublin and Belfast.

Charles Baker, aged 43, was sentenced at the Old Bailey on Wednesday to penal servitude for seven years for bigamy. Ho had defrauded a number of well-to-do but extremely credulous women. Although Baker had been repeatedly in gaol, he appears to have been able to obtain admission to good society in his intervals of free- dom, and to find ready acceptance of his representation of himself as " a gentleman,"a " large Australian sheep- farmer," and " the son of a bishop."

===== 0002601_18960523_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO A L. & N.W. TtAIL WAY OFFICIAL AT EA.RLESTOWN.

On Saturday evening about 60 of the employee and efficials of the wagon department of the London and North Western Railway Company, at Eirlestown, met at the Viaduct hotel for the purpose of presenting to Mr. George Dale, a foreman at the works, on the occasion of his retirement on a pension, with tokens of their appre- ciation of his long connection with the works. The pro- ceedings commenced with an excellent knife and fork tea,which was served in capital style by Mr. A. Tunstall and thoroughly enjoyed. After the cloth had been re- moved, Mr. F. Harwood, chief foreman at the works, presided, and Mr. W. Gilmour acted vice-chairman. After the usual loyal toasts had been proposed and duly honoured, the Chairman proceeded with the presenta- tion. He said they were met together to take part in a duty whic4 to him, and he was sure he might say to them all, was a pleasing one. But before he proceeded with the presentation, it would perhaps not be out of place if he first eavelthem a brief sketch of their friend's c onnection with the Viaduct Works. Mr. Dale was a Staff rdshire man, and he told him (the speaker) that he Ferved his apprenticeship in the town of Stafford. Soon after he was out of his time he thought it wise to visit other shops so as to gain experience, and in the course of time he arrived at Eerlestown, and was eiven employ- ment at the Wagon Works, in the year 1856, just about 30 years ago. He continued at the works up to the spring of 1869 when he left to do the joiner work at the new houses in Williamson Square. He also worked a short time for the contractor who was building the new ' shops in the works, and commenced again for the com- pany in November 1870, and was on new work for about 18 monthe,when he was selected to take foreman Morris's duty, during the latter's sickness. About that time Mr. F. Williamson, whom some of them might remember was foreman in the saw-mill, left to fill an appointment in America, Mr. Norris was appointed foreman in the saw mill, and Mr. Dale was appointed foreman over the repairs in place of Mr. Norris, a position which he held for about 17 years, and for the past seven years or more he had been as they were aware, assistant foreman over the new work. This whole servitude with the London and North Western Railway Company which was from 38 to 39 years, or, to be strictly accur- ate, 38 years and four months, as he believed he was away one year and eight months. (Applause.) It must be very gratifying to their friend to know that during the whole time he had been on good terms with his fellow workmen, and was respected by all with whom he came in contact. He had been a good servant to the Company, being impartial and just to the men under his charge. He (Mr. Harwood) could look back and remember a series of foremen, and though be did not wish there to make any comparison, he might be permitted to say that none had exceeded in their desire and earnestness to worthily fill that position their excellent friend Mr. Dale. (Applause.) He then on be- half of the subscribers formally presented Mr. Dale with a handsome gold albert and walking stick, and asked bine to accept them as a token of the esteem and respect in whieh he was held by them, and he added that they all united in expressing the hope that Mr Dale might long be spared to enjey his well earned rest in health and happiness. (Applause.) Mr. Dale thanked hia fellow workmen for the testi- monial, and he also thanked Mr. Harwood for present- ing it to him. He could assure them that he felt it very much to have to break away from old friends. (Hear, hear.) The toast of " rite London and North-Western Rail- way Company "was proposed by Mr. Limond, and res- ponded to by Mr. W. Gilmour. Other toasts followed, and the evening was spent in a convivial manner, songs being given by Messrs. J. Lewis, W. Kay, J. Huddles- ton, J. Gibbons, W. Mawdsley, and J. Edgar, Mr. E. Leyland presiding at the piano. A vote of thanks to the Chairman on the motion of Mr. J. Swann, terminated a very pleasant evening.

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

As a spectacular display the May Queen festival was a decided success, but I think the authorities— I mean the town authorities—might have had a little more consideration for the children. The day was hot and dusty, and the sufferings of the youngsters as they trudged along amidst the crowds of spectators and through the volumes of dust, can be better imagined than described. All this might have been remedied had the watering cart been dispatched over the line of route, say an hour, or even less, before the time the procession got under weigh. Near the place of assembly the dust was frightful, and before the children could get on to the hard roads they were literally covered with it. The cost of watering this particular por- tion ot the route would not have been very heavy but the benefit would have been incalculable.

I have on previous occasions drawn attention to the want of a mortuary for the reception of stran- gers who happen to come by their death suddenly in Earlestown. Instances have arisen on several occasions proving the necessity of such a build- ing being erected, and this week the provis- ion of a proper building has again been brought in evidence. An old gentleman died sud- denly at the railway station, and his body was taken by the police to a public-house. The landlord, however, refused to take it in, alleg- ing that he had no accommodation. The police had then to convey the body further up the town to the Ram'.4 Head.where luckily they found a rest- ing place. Supposing, however, all the publicaus had taken the same course and refused to take in the body the police would have been in a fix.l think the matter should be taken up by the District Council at once, and some provision made to pre- vent bodies being carted about the streets in this manner. This is not the first case of the kind.

The number of cyclists in Earlestown has during the last few weeks increased to an extraordinary extent,and yet they are without the social influence of a club. lam an advocate of social and friendly intercourse, and there is nothing which will tend to pcoruote this better than a club including both sexes What I should like to see is a strong tour- ing club of a respectable character which would advocate Saturday afternoon runs during the cy- cling season.

Another fad of mine is a cyclists' lantern parade in aid of some local charity. The affair need not he of an expensive character, but I feel certain that if properly worked out it would attract equally as much attention as the May Queen festival. The Harriers' could be asked to assist as collectors,and I fancy after the payment ot !?xpenses a respectable sum could be handed over,

===== 0002601_18960523_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thursday Colonel Rus- SELL asked Mr. Chamberlain if he had received any con- firmation of the sentence passed upon the leaders of the reform movement at Pretoria. Mr. Chamberlain re- ferred the hon. member to the telegrams published in the papers. With regard to the treatment of the pri- soners in gaol, he said he had not seen any suggestion that the insanity and suicide of one of the prisoners was due to the severity and hardships of imprisonment. He had received a telegram from the British Agent at Pre- toria stating that the President of the South African Re- public had promised that special gaol rules and regula- tions w‘ould be immediately framed, and also that the housing and accommodation would be vastly improved. The final sentences upon the four men who had been condemned to death would be considered next week.

Asked by Mr. KILBRIDE why the importation of Irish store pigs into Lancashire had been prohibited, Mr. LONG said the regulations were imposed by the local authority in order to prevent the introduction of swine fever into the county, and it rested with the local authority to say when those regulations might be with- drawn.

Asked by Sir C. DILICE what he intended to do with reference to the petition from nine members of the jury who tried William Kearsley for the murder of Detective Kidd at Wigan (in which the jurymen stated that had they known the full facts of the case before .they gave their verdict they would have found Kearsley not guilty), Sir M. White RIDLEY said that after carefully consiier- ing all the circumstances of the case, and after consult- ing the judge who tried the prisoner, he had come to the conclusion that Kearsley was rightly convicted ; and al- though there were circumstances which justified him in advising the exercise of the prerogative of mercy, he saw no grounds for reconsidering the case. Mr. Balfour proposed the suspension of ths twelve o'clock rule, so that the debate on the Agricultural Rat- ing Bill might proceed after midnight. The motion was carried by 215 votes to 103. On clause 2, which pro- vides for the payment out of the local taxation account in respect of the deficiency arising from the exemption granted under the previous clause, Mr. Lloyd-George moved a drafting amendment to provide that the amount to be paid to the local authorities should be described as paid to make up the " differ- ence " and not the " deficiency " in the rates. After some debate, the Solicitor General promised that the points raised should receive careful consideration be- fore the report stage of the bill, and Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE thereupon withdrew his amendment. Mr. CHAPLIN next proposed that the payment out of the Local Taxation Account in respect of the deficiency should be " during the continuance of this Act," and the motion was carried by 223 votes to 102. Several amendments w-,re then dealt with and rejected with the aid of the closure.

aln the House of Lords the Reserve Forces Bill passPd through Committee. Lord LANSDOWNE, Secretary for War, said we have at present a reserve force of 80,000 men, who can only be recalled to the colours in case of imminent danger and national emergency. The bill gives the Government power to recall the reservists in their first year "when warlike expeditions are in con- templation or in progress." The House will meet again on June 8.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB.

ANNUAL MEETING.

On Thursday evening there was a strong muster of member of the above club at the Workingmen's Club room, in the Market Place, when the annual meeting was held. Councillor Davies presided and was supported on the platform by Mr. J. E. Warren (secretary), Mr. S. W. Jeffery (assistant secretary), and Mr. T. Pemberton (treasurer).

===== 0002601_18960523_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THANKS TO THE SECRETARY.

Mr. DAVIES said he thought it would be out of place in him if he allowed that opportunity to pass without, in the name of the club, thanking their worthy secretary for his efforts in the interests of Rugby football. (Hear, hear and applause.) Mr. Warren not only deserved their congregations but he (Mr. Davies) was sure he deserved and had the congratulations of every Rugby football club in Lancashire. It was common talk in ootball circles, what wonderful work he had done and how indefatigable he had been. They themselves knew how determined he was with respect to that very vexed question of broken time. (Hear, hedr.) Mr. Warren, backed by a number of other gentlemen, thought that players of Rugby football were not being treated properly, and that there ought to be some con- sideration made for workingmen who were obliged to give up some of their time for football, in the shape of payment for the loss of such time. (Applause.) There was very strong feeling about it, and he would remind them of the very important work their secretary had done not only for his own club but for all the clubs in ' Lancashire. He had carried the whole thing through independent of all the antagonism which was opposing him. Mr. Warren would not be forgotten by those workingmen whose interests he had been furthering and he and others thought a workingman had the right to play just as much as a rich man. There were many other matters besides broken time, but be (Mr. Davies) thought thdt so far as the Northern Union was concetned it bad been a matter of pleasure to them to see bow very harmoniously things had worked. Those independent men of Swinton, Salford, and ether clubs who refused to have anything to do with the Northern Union but would stick to the County Club, had now cast in their lot with them. They had only needed to be left a little timeito be taught that the proper way of dealing with workingmen players was to adopt the principles of the Northern Union. (Applause.) He proposed that they tender to Mr. Warren their heartiest congratulations and thanks for what he had done during the past year. (Applause.) Councillor Tiartnorr said he had great pleasure indeed in seconding the proposition. Mr. Warren had given a lot of time in furthering the interests of the Union and the least they could do was to show that they thoroughly appreciated the efficient work he had done for the War- rington Club and Rugby football generally. (Ap- plause.) The vote was then passed with acclamation. THE REPORT.

Councillor TINNION proposed that the Secretary and Treasurer's reports should be adopted. He was sure they would all of them look back upon last year's work- ing of the club with great satisfaction. Speaking of the matter dealt with in the secretary's report, he said the football bad been of a high class nature, and had been viewed with great pleasure by the spectators,and it was something to congratulate themselves upon that they stood so well as they did. With regard to the treasurer's report, that was even more satisfactory than the other. (Applause.) They had had the pleasure the whole of the season of witnessing good football and what was more they had a good balance in hand. (Hear, hear.) He:thought that spoke volumes for the way the club had been managed. (applause.) .The speaker did not think there was any club in the whole of the Union, compara- tively speaking, which had been so successful as the Warrington Club. (Applause.) Mr.GEoeoz SMITH seconded the motion,and remarked that at the dune sports last year the prizes were marked "made in Germany." That was not right,and he meant to ask the incoming committee to go against that sort of thing, as Englishmen. (Hear, hear.) They were spending the public money.and the public had a right to speak on that subject. He hoped the committee would see to it in the future. The CHAIRMAN said he was asked to inform Mr. Smith that he was wrong about Germany, as the goods were made in Vienna, and should have been marked Austria. (Laughter, and a voice: "That's worse.") ii,The reports were adopted..

===== 0002601_18960523_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
NONCONFORMISTS AND THE IRISH

PARTY.

The "Westminster Gazette " says :—"We telegraphed to Mr. Gladstone, at Hawarden, this morning, to ask if we might say anything on his behalf in reply to the threats of the Nonconformist leaders and newspapers that they would abandon Home Rule in consequence of the action of the Irish members on the Education Bill. Mr. Gladstone has replied to us as follows :—' I am in- disposed to interfere as I am unable to take part with either side.—W. E. GLILDSTONE2 "

===== 0002601_18960523_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE LEARNING IN THE STREETS

A CORONER'S WARNING.

At Chelsea on Thursday, an inquest on held on the re- mains of Eliza Houghton, widow of the late Captain William Boughton, who was knocked down by a bicyclist on the Thames Embankment a fortnight ago, and died from injuries and shock. The evidence showed that the bicylist was learning to ride.—The Coroner condemned the practice of learning in the public streets, and the jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." A young naan who was riding a bicycle alosg West- minster Bridge-road, London, on Wednesday, was knocked down and killed. He was passing the end of Tower-street, when a horse and van turning out of the street knocked him down and ran over him. He was taken to the hospital, but was dead when he arrived. His machine was smashed to pieces.

As the result of the inquest on the sixty-two victims of the Micklefield Colliery disaster, the jury on Wednes- day found that the explosion was caused by gas, was purely accidental, and that no blame attached to any- one.

_ A storm of a cyclonic character, accompanied by a deluge of rain, broke over the golf links at Sandwich on Wednesday while the second day's play for the amateur championship was in progress. The marquees and their contents were completely wrecked. William Seaman, charged with the murder of John G. Levy and Anna Gale at Mile End, was convicted and sentenced to death at the Old Bailey on Monday. The prisoner,it will be remembered, sprang into the street from the roof of the house in which he had killed Levy and his housekeeper. He offered no defence.

===== 0002601_18960523_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER.

SWINE FEVER. OTICE is Hereby Given, that the Executive Conlej mittee of the Local Authority of the Cousql Chester, at a Meeting held 4t the Crewe Arms Crewe, on Friday, the Ist day of May, 1896. or t day ORDERED.—That frcln and after the said is „f May, 1896, the movement of Swine into the district ,Lci, the said Local Authority from any place or places ja are by the:Board of Agriculture declared to be Areas . . . _

fected with Swine Fever, shall be ABSOLUTELY PROHIBITED until this Order is revoked. NOTICE. At the date hereof, the following places are Ss%it; Fever Inftcted Areas to which the foregoing Order plies, viz. The Parish of Luton, in the County of Bedford, 11134 also the Borough of Luton. The Parish of Buckden, in the County of Huntingdli The Parishes of Bury and Ramsey, in the Couril Huntingdon. bee The Parishes of Elm, Leverington, Wisbech, . of

St. Mary, and Wisbech St. Peter, in the County the Isle of Ely. ;n the The Parishes of Frodingham and Scunthorpe, parts of Lindsey, Lincolnshire. The Parish of Basford in the County of Nottingbinlf and also the Borough of Nottingham. MOS The Parishes of Greasley, Kirkley-in-Ashfield, Thai field, Selston and Sutton-in-Asbfield, in the of Nottingham. Nottingham. The Parish of St. John the Baptist, in the Soke of Peterborough, and also the Borough of Peter' borough. 67 The Parishes or lownships of Bentley, Bilston, ap rll ton, Wednesfield and Willenhall, in the County Stafford, and also the Boroughs of Walsall and Vfr verha mpten. The Borough of Burton-upon-Trent. • tbe The Parishes of Hilperton and Steeple Ashton, In County of Wilts. The Parish of Warminster in the County of Wilts The Parish of Kidderminster Foreign, in the CountY _ . - • Tririam•n3inflter"

Worcester, and ate the Borough of Kiddern3inil.:A The Parish of Sutton-with-Stoneferry, in the DS Riding of the County of York, and also the Borour, of Kingston-upon-Bull. The Parish of El • ndsworth, in the West Riding of Ott County of York, and also the Borough of Sheffield' The &rough of York. tiop And during the operation of such Order, inforns. a. can be obtained as to any alteration in the above !islet Swine Fever Infected Areas from the Office of the c'The Constable, County Constabulary, Chester; or frora Officers of the Police Force of the County of Chester, sr pointed Inspectors under the Diseases of Animals Act. REGI NALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Council. Chester, Eith May, 1896.

of DISTRICT.—The District of ths Local Authority the County of Chest3r does not include the City,/ Chester or any of the Boroughs, either wholly or Par" within this county. PENALTIES.—Any offence against the above rtiltr„if, lations is deemed an offence a2alnst the &et of 1871 which renders the offender liable to a penalty of 13', exceeding TWENTY POUNDS.

"how Is IT TIIIT CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTIIII% obtained such great popularity" is a question which fti perplexed many. The answer is, that it is ustquestiono:f the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill Ptp brought to light. Thlusands of wonderful cures have n effc2ted by it For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skins,n, Blood Diseases, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kind tip ffects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per b,°„, ware of worthless imitations anti substitutes.—Advt. t'i

MARKETS.

WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDIY May 2cfron FRUIT VRaRTABLR, POULTRY. BUTCHERS' Arb.

FISHMONGERS' TABLE. s. d. s. d. I. d. 0 8 Beef ,Eng ,411, ttO to 0 9 Melons each u u- „ Lamb per lb 1 0- 1 3 Oranges, each 0 C- g Mutton,. th 6-0 10 Celery V stick 00- 0 Veal „ „ 0 6-0 10 Pears 0 0- „0 0 Pork • ~0 5- 0 8 Ahriclts each 0 0- Pork sides ... 0 41- 0 5 Carrots per lb 0 _OO 2 ~ cured... 0 4- 0 5 Cauliflo'rs each 0 Whole pigs,sc. 7 0- 7 3 Cucumb•rs ~0 0- $ Geese lb O- 0 10 Cabbages •,0 1- 0_ 6 Fowls tcouple 4 0- 0 0 Tomato-s Vny 1 0- 0 Chi lens 4 6 - 5 6 Filberts lb 0 8- 0. I Ducklings - 0 0 Spanish Oni'tis 00 - $ Rabbits - 3 0 Turnir.l 0 1- 0 0 Hares each... 0 0 - 0 0 AsparagusVloo 0 0 Pigeons , 1 0- 0 0 Potatoes? loal 4 6- 3 Pat'dge b'ece 3 0 - 0 0 Newnotatoes b 0 2- V. 0 Grouse ~0 0- 0 0 Mushrooms 'Ps 0 0 •;77 1 0 Pheasants ... 0 0 -0 0 Green Peas Pk 0 0-1 0 Turkey lb .. 0 0-n 11 Green Speutsl, 0 0 Butter.fr'sh its 1 0 - 0 10 Bean,k'dn'yslllo L.,- 0 0 Hen eggs 16... 1 0 - 0 0 Pomegranates 0 0 0 Duck,, 12 1 0- 0 0 Walnuts lb Apples lb ... 0 0 - 0 3 Lemons each 0 g Onions ...0 0 1 - 0 2 Cheese Grapes , 00- 4 0 Best New 580 t PlneApple meta 6 - 0 Good GreengagessottO 0 - 0 0 Medium - Cherries lb 1 0- 0 0 Lobster A lb 0 0- u St'wbVies „ 1 0 - 0 0 Turbot „ 0 0- 1 Damsons „ 0 0- 0 0 Salmon „ 0 0- I HI Plums ~ 0 0 0 0 Whitings „ 0 0- X G'sebYies „ 0 0- 0 8 Flukes , 0 0 0 R'spb eies „ 0 0- 0 0 Eels 0 0-0 A Black Cur'nts 0 0 - 0 0 S, les 1 4-- 0 v Red Cur'ants 0 0 - 0 0 Sparlings 0 0- 1 S Marrows each 0 0- 0 6 Codfiih „ 0 4 0 6 Seakale es 8 0 - 0 Herringgsk elelp eeraedho z .01 cO-7- 01 I Rhubarb beh 0 0 -

DEATHS. 811° DIGNUM.—On the 22nd inst. at the Poplars, P aed trs nke> Eatton, wife of John Dignum, g 72 ye .

===== 0002601_18960523_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1853.

E. /-tUKLAND, S ENR.• g ' MONUMENTAL MASON AN!, SCUO9LJ- ' LEGH-STREET AND 180, MAIUHESTBIt_I' .tif (Near Cemetery entrai.f.r). wARRINGToiN 'solo Stone worked by steam power. D signs and 1,04010, sent free. Monuments, Headstones, Crosses, 3coo 'ld UP? stock. The cheapest firm in town for porcelain We' 00,de( Wreaths, Crosses. Ancho,s, Ha .pa, Ac.. to 'Mitt uiffr ..............." flowers. Also Globes and Shades Shades to match. A" . ettering and gilding executed on the sifortest notics . o°,` --- VT DO tr A Warrington.—Printed and Published by JoietN .• !„,5,0 tor,' 7/me Examiner General Printing Wor ma, P.c.erpioris: and Published also at The Examiner Old: '7.stree"ilA WIDNES; High-street. RUNCORN; 32, George .0.-'' Helens ; and 33, Market-street 23rd, 1893.

894 FRIENDS I OWITHRmARICET - 10-kORROW ( ,UNDAY AN

EiE ESS ENT]

As taught I

1. Dr. B. VIPONT

effftti

110 ROUGH C WARNIN :If °TIC E IS HBREIBY 44Y Street to the obstruc oteritenta or pis- engers RI. tasehiat' (Which includes a 147 .i!e)Ns9llbe liabl, un 0n..."..1 a p.nnlty not e: it;"l7:W. or in the discretio etel„..-ttfi May be committ fourteen days, a p0ii2,747 'without w3rrant tics :tut nyes t 3 uchilee, offence; 'kis • 'Aoki .41,."13' Bicycle or T %111,0*.reets ot the homing! %%L4'10111)1 de-mcd to Act. This notie Rilie9-street 64,4e1martt et-street Orch-street '„ridge-street Zarsemark-t-st.eet ZlllWiek-Btreet Zildersponl-causewaV .biltsford-road .4*.4 this 27th day Ma. Hall. Warring 111-1111,BiliN DIST `I4dAIkIiRFIIiLD. Aetv To }! k %to Council invorsiet for one year corn I 441144thltikylk COM mittee .tatithittttli of the otincil th forms of '41444144,-1411 ealt:ntOeir°rartinlB3;allienChdia „ Town Ha vxrrr vv ESTMIN

L0N14441418 IN TEAS, C' thlllede libev,t Firm can 91 Nett, VIZ. ".t/Ided.Souchong pek a 54 cit t r Ozß Teale Blend d

ibterie Chei„ I..rbe 174 can be auppl INtlch cot FREN " 8 Prepart

ilbs,

1D PUR: 6 at la. • ,p la.

" 28

1 k_ ' % '`ulti ,0145e4Dathle at : , ikzeocoa neeenee at 2 , t tbn.°4B SoLb] e at 1 --* (rlutce) at

_ -- . , ;rle: 1.1114:nt_ii34**41:47.''11411"-14,13:44:11rlifilb:11:1•11:eg.:::Y1311131::::;86;11.1.43:3;14:8(dttP:1:.11Pdii: '4 i1b.....,-4‘r°4° 16e. od. .. '7..ol.4itilus 16°. 6`l. " ,v_t9,ugipastors • ...Ines ara.anptaind .1, :4--.....),,quntations .an till —.l2_ Nee nf any ort the a' gat:ape.

4‘triage 71111/0 0 kittc4, nond 71bs. and .Kg u: 1 om. 422 ee t itik_es to French Ucfle are sent free or 41-NriTANT, TO V. eL LIMSE D El . ATM • 61141ghter Yarn, Offers hr $a UraLOOD AND

:IN PINE POl 'lE4ghlys recom met 4141.1444 Daidtsor Deße and •reinoved .‘444:4314131--1.8 " G,UUT

Bt.I44IFRAED AQO. Yi4btlt ' tAbirs plLLS- iLh4lltte FIL4OB. tsoZ 44yuwg 131 aeati" ga 4-"OlkieriSit 90,3,T IC,„ _ lPrepared Ito) I,4ll;*Z%kitua4: "4.1tE3 G T -ouT HU liftST M BitsT M ""J° BUST ?AUDI' 'O4,,,AZt'S Al 1/4110 quick' omove t (414t4 r r,.ct tl "Ysternot ail In tzu miatioosly off keMckv,i,vx the cau "lerstias of body Nlts4l-Lt Clierat.'sts i I°I4P4AI) A/ i.44„...N. 04 receipt of • -411 ALL-ROAD, 4t,8 A, ERVOI Cleutletnan lud Addresse *ill Db. Z Which complete 't'at sufferers he Ps4474lMlqui Itistx

1

4 4.4:1,1111,ti ' ‘4lint4Dtel44 tou.

===== 0002601_18960523_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
11N COE N, WIDNES, AND DISTRICT hin 'I3ACREItS ASSOCIATION. On FRIDAY EVEN- * at 3.30 a PUBLIC MEETING will be held in the lOttetill'lM LECTURE HALL, RUNCORN, to discus. kri,2! the details of the EDUCATION BILL now before Address by d. C. HOROBIN, Esq., M.A.

MUSEUM PALACE, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THIS DAL NEW WONDERS. " CLEOPATRA." The 36-stoae Giantess. CA jiL FREEMAN, Conjuror. And Variety Company. ILLUSIONS. Great Attractions for the Holidays. Popular prices.

14"130N AND N ORTH-W ESTER N' AND GREAT WESTERN JOINT RAILWAYS. On WHITSUNTIDE EXCURSIONS. kop,-ATURDAY, MAY 23, SUNDAY. MAY 24, and WHIT tilar,l,Y MAY 25, and every day during Whit-week, two "`r RXCURSION TICKETS. for half-day, one day, or (ix or three days. will be issued by trains leaving Manchester o.4l2llange) at 7.45, 8.5, 9.40, 11.25 am.; 1.5, 2.30, and 4.25 bittLarld from other principal stations in the Manchester 'as per bills, to Halton, Norton, Frodsham, Helsby, a‘e. West Kirby. and Chester. %nal Particulars as to times, fares, and return trains, see tifaxi'lls, to be obtained at the stations, at the usual inquiry gt„,..2 or from Mr. COLES, Excursion Agent, 77a, Market . Manchester. W. THORNE, superintendent.

Ar°ll-7------CE is Hereby given that a general Sii:lol.si be ho,'"f the. Peace for tke County Palatine of Lancaster will Dool.:,`Qien at the County Sessions House. Islington, in Liver- Voloon 2URSDAY, the 9th day of June next, at eleven In the fo-enoon precisely. p• ml3ollolters engaged in prosecutions at the said Session 'lotted to taka notice that all instructions for indict- 'lipLlnd depositions are required to be sent to the Clerk of 50,11 sec seven days at least before the said Session. F. C. HULTON, Cif:• tit Clerk of the Peace. Of the Peace's Office, Preston, 21st May, 1896.

WARRIN G- T 0 N UNiON INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS. 50 SHOEMAKERS. ‘41,1_"1 tecl by the Guardians of the Warrington Union. a Man and his wife (without children) between the • 210' and 40 years. to discharge the duties of Shoemaker Instructor, and Foster Mother of one of the Homes • "19. atPadgate Schools. Applicants most be active: tand willing to make themselves generally useful.. „Mtary £45 per annum, with apartments, rations, &c ons with copies of Testimonials as to character and —037 to be sent to Mr. H. M. MINES, Padgate Warrington, on or before MONDAY. June Ist. By order J. C. SUWON, Clerk to the Guardians. Chambers. Warrington.

WARRF,N GTON UNION. loa,„ xaRINTENDENT, SCLIOOLMASTER, AND Ills a MATRON. alkiti-tUardians of the Warrington Union require at their 44th Schools a Head Schoolmaster, who will undertake %'dUtte,aff Superintendent, and a Matron. The per - ilap2f3Pointerl to '3e husband and wife. The Salary as IdiC4ltrident will be £3O and as Schoolmaster £5O (if a iktisD.punis awarded as hitherto has been, on the School tica.Zr.s report the excess will be added to the salary). Yof Matron will be £25. In both twee with apart- lauations, Ac. If the Superintendent is competent to 1210-;,;711; e the duties of,Bandmaster an additional Salary of Paid him. k&tions must be Made on the forms to be obtained Zl/411.41 r• Mines, the present Superintendent of the Schools "011 h,Ttte. Warrington, (from whom any additional inforina- lke%r be also obtained) and must be sent to me, with not 1440_ stoug, for each candidate 3 Testimonials, under seal, *more b,"orsed "Application for Superintendent, &a." on or Jane Ist Candidates will have due notice. Canvassing the Will be deemed a disqualification. Dv Order, J. C. SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Z,wittlbera, Warrington, _"",1 12th, Mi.

SPECIAL SUMMER SHOW. WRING THE ENSUING WEEK W. HODGKINSON WILL HAVE ON VIEW IR the various departments TILE LATEST NOVELTIES FOR SummEß WEAR, CONSISTING OF -MANTLES, CAPES, JACKETS, COSTUMES, COATS AND SKIRTS, ALLLLNERY & FANCY DRAPERY. HER MAJESTY'S CORSET. SPECIAL NOTICE. ----, TAYLOR, toThe ExPert Fitter of Her Majescy's CORSET. oltsnences TWO WEEKS ENGAGRMENT at the , ve adlress on MONDAY NEXT, for the purpose • „b3t.erlEplaining to Ladies in this neighbourhood the ef this Celebrated CORSET, and to give • 4-17:1GS BY APPOINTMENT. .4.1 t should be distinctly understood that, Ladles will kiZrbe expected to purchase a CORbEf after a g, Unless they so desire. vaiII,,FGAGRMENTS FOR FITTING can be_m_ade MRS. TAYLOR by post or Telegraph, uare or W. HODGKINSON. CORTI, --uId.LER AND GENERAL DRAPER, BRIDGE SIMEET, lATARRINGTON.

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

,lANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sons' easy n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool. —

(.)11ND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned firm & hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new ones. Great sale —Gramis and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards. Wards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to I,ny part.—CRANE and BINS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool. DURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crine and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. itt T. BGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of wipture ; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works,? £9, Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester. PERSONAL APPEARANCE.-11-0W TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS I per oz. I IMMOVABLE I from MADE UP, j 2s. I SC ALPETTES, S 21.- SEALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STRAET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL.

kjOINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD. SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. Ac. Highest price given for (Joins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 635 RENST3 AW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

gobtpptn% Aottres. sATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAIL- INGS TO NORTH WALBS. The splendid Saloon Reimer SNOWDON Will sail every Saturday (commencing, May 16th) at 2 p.m, for LLANDUDNO, arriving back about 8.30 p.m. Return Fares .-3s. 6d. First Class; 2s. 6cl. Second Class. Also Every Sunday at 10.45 for LLANDUDNO, BRAUMARIS and MENAI BRIDGE, arriving back about 7.30 p.m. Low fares. For further particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31. Tower- buildings, Liverpool. Telephone 1585.

LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS BANGOR, AND MENAI BRIDGE. From Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted, and weather and other circumstarwes permitting). The "ST. TUDNO Paddle Steamer. 16th and daily to 30th May. Leaves Liverpool 10-45 a.m. for Llandudno and Beaumaris, Bangor and Menai Bridge, arriving back in Liverpool at 7-30 1 p.m. The "ST. ELVIES " (New Steamer). To NORTH WALES. FROM NORTH WALES 21st and daily to 28th May 22nd, 23rd, and 29th May, (except Bank Holiday) Leaves Menai Bridge 8 a.m. Leaves Liverpool 2-15 p.m. 26th. 27th, and 28th May, Leaves Menai Be 6-30 a.m. 1 (Usual Afternoon Excursions—Liverpool to Llandudno). BANK HOLIDAY SAILINGS (25TH MAT). "ST. ELVIES " (New Steamer). "ST. TUDNO." Leaves Liverpool 945 a.m. 1 Leaves Liverpool 10-45 a.m. Arrives back 7-45 p m I Arrives back 7-30 p.m. Allowing 6 hours on shore at Llandudno. For Fares and further particulars apply to— PEERS BRIMIsLOW, Horse and Jockey, Warrington, or to LIVERPOOL AND NORTri WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LTD. T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER-ST. LIVER- POOL. Tel. 6366.

WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS. DAILY SAILINGS. Best and quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winefride Well, Pantasaph. Prestatvn and Rhyl. The fast paddle saloon steamer "FLYING FALCON" wilt sail from Princes Landing Stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting) as under:— Liverpoolto Mostyn and back the same day. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM MOSTYN. Saturday 23rd May 7-0 are. Saturday 23rd May, 9-0 a.m. do .. 5-0 p.m. do 8-0 p.m. Tuesday 26 ~8-30 a.m. Tuesday 26” „ 10-30 am. do „ „ 6-0 p.m. do „ „ 8-30 p.m. Wednesday 27 ~ 9-0 a.m. Wednesday 27 „ 12-30 p.m. Thursday 28 „ 9-0 a.m. Thursday 28 „ 1-15 n.m. Friday 29 „9 0 a.m. Friday 29 „ 2-0 p.m. Saturday 3,11 „ 9-30 a.m. Saturday 30 ', 2-30 p.m. Single Fares. Return Fares, Available for day of issue only. Deck, Is. 6d. Deck, 2s. Od. Bridge, 2s. 6d. Bridge, 3s. Tickets not transferable. Children under 12 half fare. Southport every Sunday at 3 p.m. Return fare Is. 6d. I Telephone No. 2334. Office 27. Water-street. Liverpool.

ISLE OF MAN.-ISLE OF MAN SiEAM PACKET I CO.'S STEAMERS. WHITSUNTIDE SERVICE. May 23rd to June 2nd. From LrvcoPooL. From DOUGLAS. Daily 103) am and 2 pm 'Daily Sam and 4 pm Saturdays 23rd and 30th spm Whit-Mondhy 12 night Saturday 23rd ll-45 pas Every Monday l2-30 am Whit-Mon lam Sunday night 26th and 28th " Peveril ' 25th.27th an•l29th. " Peveril," 12 night 12 night* 27th "E. Vannin "12 night 26th and 28th, "B. Vannin," I 12 night* I ONE DAY EXCURSIONS. Whit-Monday lam and 10-30 am. Returning 4pmor 12 night Also Daily. May 23rd to June 2nd. From Liverpool 10-30 am I From Douglas 4 pm Arrive Douglas about 2-15 pm I Arrive Liverpool about 7-45 pm Or passengers can return from Douglas at 12 night on dates announced above. *Day tickets Issued by these Battings to return from Douglas following day at 4 p.m. FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily, Friday 22nd May to I Daily, Saturday, 23rd May to June 2nd, at 2-15 pm. I June 2nd, at 8-30 am. ncwrwoon TO RsmsEr. via Dauglas.—May 22nd, 25th. 28th, 29th, June Ist and 2nd, at 2-15 pm. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY.—livery Saturday direct, 12-30 noon; via Douglas. May 21st and 22nd, 11-30 am; 25th. 28th, and 29th. 2 pm ; June Ist and 2nd, 2 prn. Guide and Battings forwarded by ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO.. LTD.. DOUGLAS.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE , ISLE oF MAN. tri THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. - Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) commencing May 23rd. BARR() W to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 830 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 955 a.rn Speeial Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon Third-class and Saloon lse. d. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin lie. Od. steAmers. SPECIAL N OTICK —CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or rite versa,can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and Saloon 13s. 6d, Third-class and Fore Cabin 95. 6d. Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward journey. Passengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone ((or the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow.

LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, - CALLING AT GREENOCK. tvey,w,., Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Warrington, Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and all parts of Staffordshire. Weather and circumstances permitting, OWL AND BRAR. Or °the" Amnion are intended to Sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). MAY AND lIINR. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM GLASGOW. CLARENCE DOCK, And by train from Glasgow to (South-west side). Creenock at 5.21 p.m. Thursday.. 2B, 9pm Tuesday 26, 3pm Wednesday 3, 4om Saturday 3O, 3pm Ordinary PAres.—Cabin (including steward's fee), 10s;, Return (available for two months), 15s ; available for ten clays 12s 6d. Steerage, 5s ; Return (available for ten days). 76 6,1. Return tickets are available by Messrs. Langlands' Liver- pool steamers and also by their Manchester steamers on pay- ment of ls. AGENTS.—J. Bruce Murray and Co., 24, George-square, Glasgow ; J. and J. Denholm, Greenock. C. MACIVISR and CO. 9, Albert-square Manchester, and 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-street, Liverpool.

FISH CHEAPER THAN EVER! GAME AND POULTRY FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE NOW OPEN EVERY DAY With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9D. each. CHICKENS, from Is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from Is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 7D. per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. ORDERS DELIVERED IN TOWN AND DISTRICT. NOTE THE ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON. VIOLINS. BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, ctc., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSH RE KT, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED URS, FURS. 1882. SEALSKIN JACKETS RE-DYED 61. 6d., best workman- ship guaranteed. Also all kinds of Furs altered to the present fashion; Sealskin Jackets re-modelled for £2 25., including high sleeves. storm collar. &c. Furs cleaned and skins dressed at half the price charged elsewhere. Skins mounted into Rugs. Country orders punctually attended to. Call or write to A. BERKWITH, PRACTICAL FURRIER. 45. GREAT GEORGE-MEET (near top of BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL, and 5, Sr. JAMES' PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Work done for the trade at spe3ial prices.

ciCHIERWATER AND LLOYD 1/40 SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED RETAIL AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WAICH COMPANY. SCHIERWA.TER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BEsr TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WOULD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance £l 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LADIES' DRESS BASKETS. GOOD MAKE from 20a. LADIES' VISITING PORT NIANTE AUS. BONNET CASES. GLADSTONE BAGS. /cc., At NORMAN'S Trunk Manufactory, ROSCOE ARCADE. top of BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENT& UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In grtat variety. SPECIAL GRAND SHOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW'S, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

PAPER HANGINGS. Established 1875. 300.000 PIECES of PAPER HANGINGS, to be CLEARED OUT below Makers' Prices,suitable for all classes of Property, From Mansion to Cottage. BORDERS Half Price. R. HOPE, 142 AND 144. LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. I(Opposite OWEN OWEN'S). Business Hours, 7.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturdays, 7.30 a.m. to 2 p.m. Patterns sent on application.

HENRY WHITTY. 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. LAWN TENNIS. CRICKET, GOLF, BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY, LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RRSTRUNG, 58. 6D. Agent for T. H. Ayres' High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis.

% part of the world. inviting settlers, offers brighter pros- pects to the Agriculturist than ONTARIO. Descrintive Pamphlet with Maps, sent free on applica- tion to the ONTARIO Government Agency, 7, James-sreet, Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. ' LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. Evßay WEDNEknAv. GERMANIC Wed.. May 27. I n'EUTONIC Wed.. June 3. Cotton not carried on Passenoer Steamer:. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to lIOLLY. IhERIB, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. 8.0.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., ‘• EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORR, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND. stould take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WA RRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENT MELBOURNE and SYDNEY A DEL AIDE, STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW L3._ YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORIf. and PHILADELPHIA. every WED- NESDAY.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS ATES. smITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow IVA Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicin flora the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purchise is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL REcipE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria Street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are en- grived on the Gov.rnment Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 9.3 .ach,by most Chemists.

T G . . PATERSON, FLUSHING, HO GLAND, THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Post free. Telegraphic Addresses :1 PATERSON, Flushing; BUMPTIOUS, London.

ESTABLISHED lea. Wm. H. .&- G-. H. DREAPER 96, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS BEARD Br STEINWEG COLLARD & COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, BORD, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RIbKS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 75. PER MONIH. CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS. 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6457. Telegram. " Apollo."

MAWSON & CO. STANDARD TAILORS. NEW WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SPECIALITIES from the Leading Irish Manufacturers. PRICES MODERATE. NO READY MADES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES TO ORDER. UMBRELLAS, Itc. 35, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. MOURNING ORDERS EXECUTED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR • GOOD BOOTS.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SgLECTION OF BOOKS Is now being offered by T. VAARKE, " EXAMINER " OFFICE, NARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 45. in the Pound.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES: GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIB?S' DRESS BASKETS Prom 245. V. ATEEPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 391 AND 41 DALE 'STREET, 12, LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER. STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A. CLARE, RNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES• REPAIRS, PLATING, AND ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. , ALL CLASSICS Qr MACHINERY, &c., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. RAM RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 28, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR: COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, &a., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

iliarbtntrp, Scr., on oalt.

11011 SALE, 54 inch " Clayton " Thrasher, in thorough i. good order, cheap £45 ; also new finishers, portable and metion engines.—STSNLEY HVANS, Manor House Engine works, Far Cotton, Northampton.

LI T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL an PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, avid all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue 01 wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

PATENT OFF lON HANCHESTEH, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha‘l more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practioal knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, andiron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. HEORGE DAVIES, C.E.. & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

Otturatton.

ATACANCIES In Ladies' School for Boarders; he‘lthy V suburb of Liverpool, near park, for terms address "BOARDERS," Bxaminer Office, Warrington.

14,DUCATION. at Uxbridge Grammar School. Healthy J home from home. Commercial,Eduoational, End Classical Departments.

'TRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE.—HEADMASTER: J_ Mr. J. P. HUGHES. The College built for scholastc purposes is replete with modern apolianzes ; gymnasium- swimming bath, cricket and football fields. Thorough train. ing for Professional and Mercantile purposes. Special atten- on to backward and delicate boys. Good Table. RESULTS for 1895 —1 Matriculation London University Ist Division; 1 London College of Music Senior Division honors; 6 Cambridge Local, 3 honors, 3 distinctions ; Ist in German, lth in Religious Knowledge; 12 in French in all Yorkshire ; 8 Preliminat7 Oamti idge 1 Distinction ; Cricket 14 won, 11 lost, 2 drawn ; Football Association, 17 won, 7 lost, 6 drawn. Next Term begins May 4th, 1896. ALVERN LINK SCHOOL, SNIAL,L ROME IV SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas yearly. Healthie3t pl ice in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the spezial care of Principal's wife, who is very successful in their training. There having been ito medical visit durinv the last ten years,—AddressDr. AUSIN

JAMES HORTON, 139, SANKRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON. PARK MACHINE BAKERY, 111%,BgiAmilicEpRriYi jpsiefisted in esup on thvens dezcoliemrypr,,oivt:dl. a view to the cleanliness of the goods produced and the health and comfort of the workmen. PURE BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. • HOVIS BREAD AND BISCUITS. AWARD AND DIPLOMA FOR PURITY, SWEETNESS AND EXCELLENCE.

310tt15, 34pbroS, Zoarbing .05tab5. &DY, residing in the Vsle of Conway, desires to take in JIA SUMMER BOARDERS; 255. per week.—App.y XI h. Tally Bont, near Conway. R—AMSEY. ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville. first-class Boarding Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts, golf. Ac. Table d' Hote 7. Tariff.

BOWNESS, Vr 'MUMMER% Albert Hotel.—Parties /catered for. Moderate charges. Tariff on application. Near the lake. —B. DARWICK, Proprietor.

IDASTBOURNE.—Board and residence, in &large detached 121 house, one minute from sea ; large garden, stables, and tennis lawn; private sitting-rooms by arrangement, and good bedrooms on ground floor; no steps.—Apply Mrs. SARGENT, Brunswick House,tßastbourne. BLACKPOOL, ATKINSON, 16, Springfield-road, North Shore. Home from home; minute from sea, station, church, pier; bedroom and use front sitting room,l4s. weekly; no extra charge for two persons; moderate terms for private sitting rooms. Stamp reply. —

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

OIITHPORT.--SUNNYSIDR HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR- NARDO, Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. Summer Terms' from Ts. per day.-3, BOOCOCK, Proprietors

CASTLE HOTEL, HALTON, RUNCORN . -- Finest Wines, Spirits, Ales, Porter, lte., Picnic Parties Catered for. Fine Views, Drives, Walks. Grounds, Bowling Green, Stabl- ling. Free House. T. WALKER, Proprietor.

PAW & RAILWAY HOTEL,FRODSHAM. BEARS' ESTIBLIMED 1632. WILLIAM YOUD, PROPRIETOR. GOOD ACCOMMODATION for Travellers. Cyclists. Picnic and Wedding parties. Excellent Bowling Green and Stabling. Teas and Refreshments of every description. Beat quality of wine and spirits kept in the hotel.

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINE IN SOUTHPORT AT HAYES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIRE RAILWAY CO.'s STATION. 38, CHAPEL!- STREET. SOUTHPORT. ESTABLISHED 1869.

partintitts, Surntsbtb 110u5e5, TII WALES COAST.ncige For Agent, c 0 rwuyrnril3haeyd C ° rouYseNs ZolletN2pßp

- - 1-T)RtCAMBI. West lirid.—Well-furnished Apartments INI two minutes from sea, five from new pier.-14, CAM BRIDGE-ROAD.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. HlGBoN,from Helrnshore; Private and Public Apartments. 162, Lytham-road, south Shore, sea view; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs KIRK, 18, Hornby-road. Comfortable APARIMHNTS, one minute from Central Station and sea, piano, terms moderate.

y LANDUDNO.—Comfortable Apartments, near lea; good _l4 cooking and attention; moderate terms.—Mrs. SAGGS, Mostyn Avenue, Craig-y•don.

COUNTRY LODGINGS, quarter of a mile from Glenrnaye Waterfall.—Address EDWARD BAILEY, Gordon House, Peel, Isle of Man. Terms moderate.

S 0 UTH PO RT.- Furnished APARTMENTS; sitting sud bedrooms, piano ; all conveniene,es.—SELviNk, 6, Jack- son's Grove. Lord-street, West.

I)DLACKPOOL.- Mrs. It. SHAW, 111, Ifornby-road, three minutes from Central Station. Comfortable Apart- ments; terms moderate.

B- LACKPOOL.—Mrs. 0. WALSH (from Accrington). Corn- fortable Apartments; home comforts.-24, Tyldesley- road. near Foxhall and Sea.

S' QUPERIOR homely APARTMENTS; good cooking; highly recommended ; terms moderate.—Mna. BARROW, Stone Grove, Lloyd-street, Llandudno.

T LANGOLLEN.—Ap-trtments to Lit; two sitting-rooms _LI six bedrooms ; beautiful seenery.—Apply MRS. MORRIS Penybryn Farm.

f 10MFORT ABLE Apartments in the country during sum- k..) mer, or permanent, with or without board at AYTON FIELDB, Dorrington, Shrewsbury.

S-OUTHPORT,—Comforable APARTMENTS close to Promenade; terms moderate.—Mrs. BARTON (late Mrs. Lomax), 16. School-street.

r AKE DISTRICT APARTMENTS.—SpI.ndid views of LA surrounding mountain scenery ; termer moderate.—Mrs. Mum 13 I+ ARON. 4. Abbotsleigh-terrace, Keswic ‘.

MATLOCK.—For comfortable APARTMENTS at exceed- ingly low prices; pony and carriage.—Apply j. SIDDILL, Beaconsfield House, Smedley-street.

SOUTH SHORE, BLACKPOOL.— Mrs. RAWLING, 63, Withnell-road. Late of Warrington. Comfortable APARTMENTS. near Victoria Pier and Station.

BLA.CKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS.—Mrs. sox's, Portfield, 19 Waterloo-avenue. South Shore. Board if required ; one minute walk frotn the sea. 1 AKE DlSTRlCT.—Furnished HOUSE To Let; two sit- Ij and seven bedrooms.—Apply Miss TRIM,- KELP, The Grange, near Keswick, Cumberland.

IISTS of APARTMENTS on Lancashire Coast, North 4 Wales. Isle of Man, Yorkshire Coast, tte., to be had free from PUBLISIIING OFFICES. ga, Lord-et., Liverpool.

OOD Furnished APARTMENTS, midway between Parish kj Church and Railway; permanency or otherwise ; terms moderate.— Mrs, YOUNGS, Rotherham Villa, Beresford-road, Lowestoft.

BLACK FOOL—Excellent Apartments, public and private, superior drawing and bed rooms ; three doors from sea; terms most moderate.-51r8. Cfaxcrt, Ingledene, 16, Alexandra-road, South Shore.

DLACKPOOL.—Visitors will fold comfortable APART- MENTS, with or without bolrd at Mrs. T. COWEN'S, 14, Crysttl-road. South Shure, Public and private apart- ments. Close to sea. Piano. (Near South Shore Railway Station.)

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Rachl patient fionrfwormadre:izforehand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An MD.. also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extractiriliroaus shgtecleto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Bsors, of th late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.;

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. JOHN YATES, TAILOR AND CLOTHIER, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED tot 35, CHURCH-STREET. RUNCORN, Where the BUSINESS will be carried on as usual. A CHOICE SELECTION OF SEASONABLE NOVELTIES ALWAYS ON HAND.

G. AND J. PERCIVAL, PARK SIDE DAIRY, GREEFIWAY-ROAD AND 7, LOWLANDS-ROAD, RUNCORN. ALL KINDS OF VEGETABLES FRESH FROM FAKM DAILY. NOTED FOR FINEST FRESH EGGS AND BUTTER DIEBOT FROM FARM. All Orders Promptly Attended to. •

UNSWORTIPS LEADING LINES. THE LIXTJM, 2s. 61). In Half-a-Dozen Stylish Shapes. A Thorough Good, Reliable Hat. THE LIXUM, 2s. 9D. Best Satin Liqed, The Smartest Hat in the Trade. Half-Dozen Stylish Shapes. THE ELECTRIC, 3s. 9D. All Pure Fur, Very Light and Flexible. Best Satin Lined, All the Latest Styles. THE ZEPHYR, ss. A Perfect Treat. The Newest Shapes, Serviceable Shades, • Perfect Ventilation. UNS WORTH BROS., " THE HATTERS." 71 LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE WARRINGTON.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES. vi JOHN SARGENT, FAMILY BUTCHER, BEGS TO ANNOUNCE that he has OPENED the Premises, 10. ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON, Prime English BEEF, MUTTON. LAMB, PORK. ate., ara only kept at LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. A TRIAL RESPECTFULLY, SOLICITED. All Orders PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO and Delivered if Required. Note the Address: 10, ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND -IPENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON IME FIRMS CO.. LD. AGENTS FOR ACXERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE : Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, 1 Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. J Warrington.

T. & W CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WAIZRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

ESTABLISHED 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWICR-STREET, WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

k)IGARS.. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to deal direct with MANUFACTURERS and to call upon or write to WILSON HIGGIN AND COMPANY.

CIGAR MAN tIFACTUItkatS AN Le latruuThato, 38, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL. Telegrams :—" Senoritas," Liverpool. Branch Office, 84, PORTLAND-ST., MANCHESTER.

%OM-

CYCLES for Ladies and Gerais men 30 per cent saved. EDO terms. 1893 Lists of new and Second band Cycles, post free.

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING. THE MANCHESTER rfAILORING A.ND kjLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 101 HORSEMARKET 'STREET. WARRINGTON. ---- HAVE NOW READY for the inspection of their numerous Customers, a larger collection thatvecrei NEW SPRING GOODS, NOTWITHSTANDING TH E GRE XT ADVANCE IN PRICE OF WOOL (FULLY 10 PER CENT.) THE M.O.D. HAVE BERN ABLE TO PLAGE LARGE CONTRACT ORDERS AT OLD PRICES. This advantage being offered to all purchasers:. • A SAVING OF 10 PER CENT: May be effected by entrusting orders for CLOTHING, EARLY with the M.C.D. THE M.C.D. will forward, on receipt of Post Card, their LATEST PATTERN BOOK, C&NTAINING OVER 400 NEW SAMPLES FOR SPRING•AND SUMMER. ONE OF THEIR ASSISTANTS WILL ALSO ATTEND FORCHE PURPOSE OF MhASURING AND TO TAKE ORDERS FOR ANY CRASS OF GARMENT REQUIRED. ALL-CLOTHES ARE THOROUGHLY SHRUNK GARMENTS WELL MADE AND TRIMMED. - PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE, GOODS MADE TO ORDER At the following. prices, CANNDTBE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTER OR LIVERPO iL bt I

CZ 11.4 • I eNLY THE BESI CUTTERS AND WORVISN EMPLOYED:_ rr.t. M.C.D. CORDIALLY INVITE AN INSPECTIOIg> OF ALL THEIR DEPARTMENTs- & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

HARROP'S BASSINETTES. HABROP'S BASSINETTBS. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 1221, BRIDGE STRE:O 1221 BRIDGE STREET. 1221 BRIDGE STRESS END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. Thia is a Bona-fide CLEA.RA.NCEI SALE of about Class Bassinetts, now offered under cost price tools& COME EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122. BRIDGE-STREET\ WARRINGTON.

Iliorellantous.

GEORGE JACKSON. , PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AD 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

FOR WHITSUNTIDE SALE. Men's COATS from Is. lid. each. Men's TROUSERS from is. 6,1. pair. Men's VESTS from 9d. each. Youths' SUITS from ss. 6d, each. Boys' KNICKER SUITS from is. 11d. each. „ ODD VESTS from 6d. each Men's SHIRTS from 11.3 d. Men's ALL WOOL SINGLETS from Is. 6d. Men's DRAWERS from Is. 9d. Great BARGAINS in DRESS PIECES. Call and see before you buy elsewhere.

APair of Enclosed Walnut DRE-39- ING TABLES, the cheapest Payments taken. and best Tables in town for the money ; call and inspect them before £3 108. going elsewhere. A bargain for

JI UST forfeited a very handsome Marble TIMEPISCH with bronze mounts and beautifully Payments taken. embossed hi gold, goes eight days, correct time-keeper. in excellent condition, cost late owner "e " guineas; our price £2 12s. VD. Call and see it.

A Good sound Kitchen CHAIR ./1. best value in town, we dety Payments taken. competition at 2. 'ltd. halt-dozen 17s 6d. Nursing Chair 45 11d. 9 Child's Recker ss.lS. 9D. Give us a trial. ASpecial Bargain. Unredeemed pledge, a grand Silver LtiVltit Payments taken. WATCH by Russell, Liverpool A reliable article in good going order; 30s. cost late owner £3 10s, our price

AV/4 are offering same special Bargains in OVERMAN fLBS Payments taken. In various styles, rAnging from 15s lid upwards. Call and see them.

PAD LEGS, Eczema, Skin Irritations cured by using Hall's I/ Fam3us Skin Specific, curiage paid; Is. 1443.-31 r. HALL, 32, Arthur-st., riumstead. a

FARMS, ESTATES, RESIDENCES; Rents from 51. acre, prices from £6 acre, Rutter's Monthly List poet fret 2d. 5, Newbridge St., London.

FISHMONGBRS and Hawkers requiring good Fish very cheap, should write tor price list.—Joux It onnrsox. jun.. Wholesale Fish Merchant, Grimsby. a

FItIiTWORK TOOLS, cheapeat anywhere, saws hi. doz., wood 3d. (not, patterns Id. each, framea 6d. each; list free.—STER, Wilson-street, Finsbury. London.

SBEGES.-54in. Navy Blue and Black Suiting Serges for Gentlemen and Boys' wear and for Ladies Costumes. Patterns free.—At.rnxn MACE, Chipping Nort,n, Oxon. x UMERY WHEELS; Emery Cloth; Glass Paper; Grain Emery.—Manufacturers, J. G. NAYLOR, and Co., 57. Carruthers-street, Manchester.

SERG JACKBTS, 41. ed.. Cord and Mole Trousers, 6s. 6d. E Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, ss. 6d.—HAGUE AND Co.. Limited, 65, Bryom-st., Liverpool.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's Bitterns for our 0 Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good value,-11AouE AND Co., Limited, c 5, Byrom-et. Liverpool.

BUTCHERS.—To be Sold, a well-fitted SHOP In one of the best thoroughfares in Liverpool, doinA good cash trade. Good ressons for leaving.—Apply 93, Earle-road. Liverpool.

TANKS, 84 te 2508 gallons. Also Jacketted Pan. Steam 1. and Hand Winches, Smithy Crane. Ship's Boat, An. —Joseph Tnomrsortgand Co., 10, Gorse-piazzas, Liverpool. Telephone 5852.

ARTHBNWARB and ClillNA.—Seconds, £2 crates; best, £3 ; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., kailway Passage, Longton, Scaffordshire.

CALVES, CALVES, Why let them die Teear's Black Leg Drinks are a pure preventive Est'd. 1819. 2s. 6d per dozen, carriage paid. —V. J. '1 EEAR. 72, B[arkenhoe Street, Leicester, Royal Show Stand, No. 122.

YEW Patent Rubber Specialities for domestic purposes I. English manufacture ; for 3s. 6d. postais will send six special samples ; largely in use ; cabs Nue on application.— MANCHESTER NOVELTY CO., Clayton, MarleneStet'. X

FHBEHOLD LAND. Plots or Acres. Sales weekly. Leigh, Southend, Rayleigh, Itochford, Herne Bay, and Med- stead.—LAND Co., 67 and 68. Cheapside, always selling good cheap Land ; easy terms; deeds free ; Plans post free. z

IQs H RUMAT' SM C RBD.—M es. Low, 16, Brunswick _IL Square, London, W.C. who has been thoroughly cured of rheumatism after much suffering will gladly send full particulars to any sufferer on receipt of application to her. z

ADIES seeking a HEAL lIIIMBDY for irregularities to., 11 should try BOYLES's TONIC htlXTUtai. It is a per- fect system ot genuine treatment and never fails. Send stamped and addressed envelope for particulars to U. BOYLE, 43, Brook Clreen, London, W.

ESTABLISHED 1875—Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China, 50s. and upwards. Prices on appli- cnatoi. -W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-et, Lcngton, Staffordshire.

_ 3 'MIN LOWS, -Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON BALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B, Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

910 LAD IRS.— Female In egularities and obstruction 1. quickly and surely corrected in a few hours by a new and simple method, which I wiil send free on receipt of Stamped envelope.—Mr. C. S. MARTYN. 20, Bishopsgate, Without. London.

TO BE DISPOSED of at once, a well fitted-up SHOP, 1. as a going c, ncern, in the Men's Retail Clothier and General Outfitters; stock to be taken at valuation; splendid position to the docks ; good reason for leaving; good house; rent low.—Apply I, DOCK-ST., Fleetwood.

FOIL GLAZING Linen Equal to •ehina.—A never-failing receipt. which will impart a beautiful gloss to collars, cuffs, shirt-fronts, Ac. ; will be forwarded to any address on receipt of six penny stamps.—Address Mdlle. D. ELAINE (late of Paris) , 1?, ledge-lane, Liverpool. '''

OHINA and EARTHENWARE.—Buyers are strongly ad- vised to send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything sent as sample. Buy direct from the Pot- teries.—S. W EBB and Co.,Lon gton.Staffordshi re Potteries.

\IL AND GREASE.—G. J. STEPHENSON and Co., Oil kl and Grease Works, Hull. Lard Oil, Whale Oil, Rai Oil. Raw Linseed Oil, Belled Linseed Oil, Refined Cotton Oil, Refined Colza Oil, Best Pine Oil, Best Castor Oil, Finest Sperm Oil, Best Gallipill Oil, Fine Olive Oil, Black Varnish, Tallow, Scc. Best house in England. Carriage paid all over the United Kingdom.

F" FISH, FISH.—For 10s. we forward 10 stone kit of Cod. Ling. Haddock, Rock Salmon, etc. Fresh Her- rings 2s. 3d. per 100 ; Kippers and Bloaters Is. 6d. a box; Mackerell 4s. 6d. score; halibut, as. 6d. stone lOr for P.O. 2/3 or 3s. 6d. we torwaid a bass of finest selected Fish Carriage paid.—Great Britain Fish and Oyster Supply Co.. Grimsby Dock:—

ULOWERS, LOVELY FLOWERS —Choice Annuals a epeciality. Victoria Quilled and China Asters. Ten week Stocks, Indian aid Chinese Pinks, Phloxes, Ice., &c. All 4d. per doz., 2s. per 100. Enough Geraninms in best varieties to make a nice bed, 2s. 6d. Everything well hardened. Carri- age free.—WILLIAM MANN. Florist, Sycamore House, Chart- bury, Oxfordshire,

A. BARGAIN. Wash Leather, the test of ages. Don't use worthless substitutes. Send postal order or stamps, tor one Large Chamois Leather and one panel cleaner "The Sponge Eclipsed," is. lid. or wash leather and cash bag 3-fold, is. 40., or the lot Is. 70. Post free in Great Britain. Why be without a finished leather tit for jewelle y, plate, carriage or window? Show your friends. Dozen or half dozen. Parcels Post .—JoYES, jun., Beeston Road, Lenton, Nottingham.

NOW READY. GEORGE CARTER AND 'SONS' CRICK la FIXTURE LIST For Present Season, Containing List of all County. University and Australian Matches, with dates and ground on which they will be played. In handsome illustrated cover, printed in six colours. Handy size for pocket. Sent free on receipt of halfpenny stamp for postage. Address Postal Department , Surrey Square, Old Kent Road. London.

GEORGE CARTER AND SONS' 3s. 6d. FUR FELT HATS Are the best value in the world. All colours, all shapes. SPECIALITY.—The New Trilby Hats (soft with dented crown) in Btack, Dark Brown, Slate, or Cubs Brown. Sent to any part of the United Kingdom on receipt of size and P.O. for 3s. 9d. Retail Establishments all over London. Offices, Wholesale Warehouses and Postal Department,Surrey Square, Old Kent Road, London, S.E.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND • DECORATORS. II MORELL,I7 and 18,Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury. W.C. Cheapest Rouse hi London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. ece. Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regtlding. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Patt.rn Books Fist puw- lished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six panny stamps, Glass Lists Fret. .monthly. Telegram RABBITRY. London."

Aiirellarteoug.

ATELVET PILE SQUARE (bordered), from same house, V and will match the above suite, size 3by 4; only 504. ; quite clean and fresh ; cost recently £310.. —bIELLoR, pawn- broker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth Park, Liverpool.

11)13D110031 SUITH, 8 pieces in Solid Satin Walnut, equal 1J to new, fine roomy Wardrobe, with bevelled robing glass door, deep drawer under, very handsome pair of Toilet Tables with bevelled silvered glass, 3 large drawers and 2 small drawers, marble slab and double inlaid back, 3 chairs, pedestal and towel rail. Wonderful value, only £8 We. ; worth 13 guineas.-3IELLoR, Pawkbroker, '4lO, Park-road, Liverpool.

BOOK CASE, American Walnut, 81t. high and 3ft. 6in. wide, upper portion with glazed doors and move- able shelves, und,r portion forming sidebcard with 2 drawers and 2 cupboards. with carved panel fronts, gold locks and glass handles. Very cheap, only £6 105., worth 10 guineas.— MELLon, Pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool.

GARDIIN NETTING.--100 square yards. 2s. 6d., carriaga is. ;Cricket or Tennis net. Is. 6d., carriage 28,—8. A. NORTHEY, Auctioneer, Plymouth. I

PHOTOGRAPHS. —Beautiful Studies, Classical beauties &C.; catalogue with specimens, 2s.—ATJG. VAN DR VELDR, Amsterdam, Holland. x

MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great Importance bo Ladies. Stamped address for parti- culars. Mrs, B. WlLam 1114er Grove, Sheffield. x

A Gentlemanly appearance and a good character will Li. secure you an Independent position.—Apply by letter, WILBERFORCE, 365 righton-road, Croydon. London, S.B. a

HASTINGS.—Superior LODGING-HOUSE for disposal; best letting position on sea front,excellent connection, well furnished ; 12 years' lease.-5, CARLISLE VILLAS. X

221 STOKHSLBY SHOW, fori the best Six Potatoee, grown with the NCRMANBY PATANT SLOA MAN UttE.—NOß3tAi(l3r IRONWOitiLS CO., LIMITICD. Middleborough. x

10ISH all ktbe year round. Packages 25., 25..6d. upwards _l2 Orders carriage paid and cleaned for cooking.—Address in full, Afaxaomn, btar Fish Supply Co, Fish Docks, G ri msby. a

JEDIAN BUTTERFLIES and MOTHS for collections or decorative purposes ; extdanatory and descriptive cats- togue 20.— ERNEST wintoz, Entomologist, Avenue House, Oxford.

PlLES.—Boddy's Patent Ointment cures all outward Piles in two or three Lays; post free, with testimonials is. 2d.; only one trial solicited:—W. BODDY, Bradford. Yorks.

ENGRAVING.—Your name or initials on Umbrellas, Sticks, Coins, Medals, Fcc., 6d. Brass doer Vats with name 3s. 6d. Trade supplied.—Cows, SJ, Sir IhJmas-st., Liverpool.

AIR BALLOONS.—Mr. T. HUMPHRIES, the well-known maker of stir erior balloons (white and coloured) has a large stock ready at 37, Basitighall-street, London. Yrice list free, (Mors sent by return.

VOR 4 STAMPS we send one pair Folding Scissors and 1: one Patent Penknife. both Sheffield steel guaranteed. Useful present together with Amusing Novelty Catalogue.— VARIETY Ca., Dalston, London. x

A BOON TO MOTHURS.—Portable water closet seats 111. for children (Long's Patent) suitable for use in any w.c. ; price Is. 6d. carriage paid.—Sole maker, JOSEPH LoNo, 12,8e11e Vue Road, Cinderford, Gloucestershire. a

FIRE t FIRE FIRE Geninue SALE of extensive Stock of Pianos, Organs, so., previous to re-building of premises, owing to the recent fire ; easiest terms arranged to effect a cleAranoe.—PArmi, 103, Approach-road, Cambridge Heath.

BIRMINGHAM GOODS.—Watches, Clocks, Jewellery. Plate, Cutlery. Guns, Bronzes. Musical Boxes, Sport Prizes, Safes, Cycles, Materials. Tools, General Goods. Wholesale lists ,free.—F. H. POWELL. 48. Edgbaston-street, Birmingham.

150,000 SOLD, io LcalcaesrtasersAocelfeobrraAted tophoto- -ustrrsoootr Professionals. liarigLTHß AdExcr' is ni 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints'). Lists _free. Second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

rpo BB LEASBD for BUILDING PURPOSES. a PLOT o 1 LAND situated in a good position ia Stockton H.ath f low ground rent.—Apply T. BOSTOCK, estate agont. Bank; street, Warrington, TRY J. D. PYKB and SON for assorted F iSH in small 1 parcels of 71b 21., 101 b 2s. 6d., and 141 b 3s. 6d. (carriage paid). Kits of mixed Fish from 10s. upwards.—P.O. or stamps to J. D. Pr xs and SON. Fish Docks. Grimsby.

Et ARDEN NETTING.—Protect your Peas, Buds, ecc., from ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed , 35 square yards is.; sent any width or length ; carriage paid on orders over 63. Hundreds of testimonials. -HENRY ROBINSON, Net Merchant, Rye, Sussex.

ALEX. ROSS' HAIR DESTROYER removes superfluous hair from the face, arms and hands. It gives no Injury. The cost is 48 stamps and can be had of all chemists.-82, TIIEOBALD'S-ROAD, Holborn, London, Letters replied towhen stamped envelopes are sent.

TRON CHUIICH to seat 20?, £110; 30. £130; 500, £2OO ; Mission Hall 50 by 20, £105; isolation hospitals, ready to contain 6, 12, or 20 beds ; billiard rooms, pavilions, ac, Cheapest House in the trade for any description iron build ing.—HAwKiNs, Ashford, Middlesex.

(111 INA and Earthenware DEALERS who want to make k) money should send at once for one of our £4 Crates containing a gene at assortment of every day sate; satisfac- tion guaranteed, and prompt delivery; lists on application.— HARRY LATHAM, DEAN AND Co., Darlington Works,Longton, Staffs.

QINGER'S SEWING MACHINE, very latest pattern on stand, with dome cover, equal to new, guaranteed right in every respect, all the tools complete, cost late owner £B, receipt to show; my price only £4 15s.—MELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool. Telephone No. 9925, MARVELLOUS Secret, health without medicine or electricity, simplicity itself, no expense whatever; this is no humbug or quack remedy but a gennine physicians advice Full information is. 7d. free (mention paper).—D. SIMPSON, 33 Ardmoulin Avenue. Belfast.

ALL SUFFERERS who desire speedy relief from Indi- 1-1. gestion, Tic, Ancemia,Conaumption, Nervousness, &c., should send stamp for FREE copy of our registered tisane of inexpensive recipes ; valuable dietic advice. &c.—Tuaco,34s, Fulham-road, S.W.

ON SALE. LARGE QUANTITIES OF SPRITTINC4 BOXES. Apply JOSEPH MATTHEWS, Fairfield Saw Mills, Manchester-road. Warrington.

EPIDERMICA: THE SOVEREIGN REMEDY FOR ALL SKIN COMPLAINTS. And simply invaluable for Keeping the Blood in order at all Seasons. HUNDREDS OF TESTIMONIALS. 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. of all Chemists, or Post Free 3s. 2d. and ss. °WYNNE AND CO., 10, STATION-ROAD, BRIXTON, LONDON, S.W. x

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY. the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sth 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

LADIES.—A Message for You! ! ! In all cases oi Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long standing, try the MIRACULOUS and never-failing Remedy, known all over the world as DASPdAIL'S SPECI- FIC. Thousands of testimonials testifying to the Wonderful Cases that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICI A Lady weites ' Your Medicine is truly wonderful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies of testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt of stamped envelope to A. DASIdAIL.376, Langdale, Walt hamstow. Established nearly 50 years.

AN HONEST MEDICINE. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUSr PILLS FOR [FEMALES The Most Effectual on Earth. Nothing c.in resist them. is. 2. 91.. 4s. 6d., sent free from observation by Dr. DAVIS. 309 Portobello Road, London, W.; or order of any chemist. Mr. Davre's little book for MARRIED WOMEN, mast invaluable, sent frte on receipt of a stamped addressed envelope.

SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Bre3tts. Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore Byes, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for 12 stamps, from DOLDROYD'S attUG STORRS, Cleck- heaton, Yorks.

Iftiflttliantoug.

GUNS.—Two üble breechloadlng Guns on Sale; high-class make, 12 bore, left barrel choked,reboundlng looks, good walnut stocks, best twist barrels ; wonderful value; only £3 55. and 155.; marvellous valtse.—MELLoa, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool. Telephone No. 9925.

ON SALE, MANURE WORXS, Widnes, and Gigs Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyehire.—Apply to J. RossilxG, 16, Fenwink-street, Liverpool.

HAIR CURLING FLUID, valsable recipe for 7 stamp.; also splendid hair restorative recipe, 7 stamps.— CARTER, 10, Fraser-mount, Burmantofts, Leeds.

fJOW to make polishing paste, blscking, dubbin, starch glaze, hair dye. flypapers, wasling cream. Lett Is. id. —HARKER, Sackyille-st., Itayensthorpe, Yorkshire.

VOL{ SALE. 21 Pairs of Mill Stones. 11-in. horizontal L Engine, 30 in. stroke. fly-wheel complete, nearlr new, now on foundation. Wanted scrap iron, rails, and all kinds of metals.—Apply D. H9t/LT, Worksop,

ADIES.—ROYAL NAVY SERGE ; pure wool Indigo 1J dye, 31inches wide. BLACK SERGE, pure wool ;.both at ls. 64. per yard. Will withstand the action of sun, salt- water and washing ; the vary best article for ladieo and chil- dren. GREY ARMY FLANNEL, all wool, Is. 2d. per yard. Samples and testimonials by post.—W. REJPlnes, 7, Whet- stone-lane, Charing Cross, BErkenhead.

TENTS! TIINTS I—Suitable for Gardens. Cricket, or 1. Camping-out purposes. 40 feet In circumference, pegs. poles. mallst, and lines complete (with tent bag included): These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government, and originally cost over £6 each. I will send one complete for 30s. Can be sent on, approval. N.B. —I have a quantity of tents from 154 to 25s each, but the tents which please my customers are those I send out at 30s each. Carriage paid. Price list of marquees (any size) post free.—HENRY JOHN GAMON, Government Contractor, aye, Sussex.

fßontp.

MONEY lent privately by an influential Christian ilentle- man. Please note, no honest person ever reitastd, No loan office, stamped envelope will show.—Huwrox, 3.5, South John Street, Liverpool.

pia, AND BB CONVINCED. Money advaneed daily at J. a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly attended to.— Apply in confidence JONES. 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

HOW OFTEN a TEMPORARY LOAN would be of the greatest help. but the DELAY and COSIS of obtaining money from Loan Offices Is so great. All this is obviated and every help given to responsible persons by a Manchester Gentleman and LOANS of £lO to £1,090 can be arranged and the strictest privacy guaranteed. Wrftt to T. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Manchester Chambers, 464 Market-street, Manchestkr.

H E OLDEST ADVANCE OIiTICE IN MANCHHSTHR. STRICTLY PRIVATH ADYANCHS from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOT)] ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged, to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GRORGR, PAYNB, Aecountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

FIELDING'S LIMITED.-BILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIERS. LOANS £3 TO £5OOl DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties, and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on Life Assurauce Pbliclea, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/.per wk. „ 2/6 „ £2) „ ICP. £lO „ 5/- „ 525 ~ 12/5 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Mee hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPII WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

THE CREWE AND DISTRICT LOAN (Est. 1889). 32, CHMBTHRY-ROAD, MUMS. ADVANCHS CASH from £5 upwards on the Osortest notice, in town or country, male or female, upon simple promissory notes, on Mortgage of Furniture, Trade and Farm Stock, Crops, Plants, Ac. Without removal. Also on deeds reversions, stocks, shares and merchandise of every &scrip. tion, repayable by easy instalments. Distance no object Anyone requiring money %ill do well, before applying else- where or paying fees to think of this : " Surely I can dc better with a firm who have been established in -Cheshire many years.and devoting themselves to this class of business. than I can with so-called private money lenders or agents with small means. Good borrowers can obtain money here on reasonable terms and quickly. Write or call for prospectus. W. JACKSON. Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. diONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

IVIONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties publicity, or security, from £2O to £.5,000, to ladies o gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no abject) upon. much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees Of preliminary charges ishatever • strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings guaranteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender,' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me. and I will as- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Bstablished, 1851.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. Ilts PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a bisz capital at his disposal Is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply ou note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally, or by letter to MANAGER. 6, Cross Lane, Barlestown (private house). Hours 9 a,m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

gPtorko, 33115ineogeg, ttG

r9O Y AND FANCY.—Established 30 years; giving up. I through ill-health; large sea-side town, Kent.—Sscrrik 36, St. Peter's-street,Canterbary.

141RUITIIRER, Ore ngrocery, and Florist BUSINESS; 12 splendid stand; doing a good ready-money trade ; shop, well fitted; good house; low rent; leaving through ill- health. Established 12 years.—Apply Mills, bag manntao- turer.j36, Breektield road, North Liverpool.

T ARGE FLOURISHING DRAPERY and FURNISH- JLI ING BUSINESS to be SOLD, situated on the outskirts of Northwich and near to Warrington. The trade is chiefly on the instalment system, and includes ovtr 300 good customers, y,tho pay at regular intervals. The book debts amount to £336 M. Bd. good debts, and about £9O doubtful. The. collections from which realise £23 to £25 per week on an average. The profits are estimAed at £6 to £7 per week. Tho•business has doubled this last five years, and is increasing every day. There is also a large cash trade connected: Established 22 years, present tenant occupying 8 years, and, is giving up at the doctor's advice. tkrough bad health. Proofagiven and books shown. List of the debts may be seen at the dikes of the undermentioned, between 9 o'clock and 5, o'ctock each day.—Full particulars upon application to CONSTANT/NE 8: Cy., accountants. 71 Ma rket-st.. Manchester.

Co be Let. DERCY-STREET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re .1 decorated ss. CATHERINE-ST., re-decorates houses, 4s. 31. WELLFIELD-ST.. re-decorated Houses, ss. 64. STOCKTON HEATH, Good Houses, 4s. HOYLE-ST., re-decorated Houses, 4s. PENKETH, good six-roomed Houses, ss. 64. PENKETH. Cottages horn 2s. Sd. to ss. BANK - STREET, Warrington OFFICES, from £5, Room. LIAGLE AND CHILD YARD.—JOINERS' WORKSHOP. IA and YARD, £25. pply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

CAPITAL HOUSE TO BE LET, tronting Latch. ford. Lobbied through; larg rooms, rent ss. 3d. clear. —S. I. 6111.10ESHAFT, Grappenhall. PREMISES suitable for WORKiHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrinpton.

TO LET.—Good COTTAGES off Lovely Lane, rent els _1 Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-et,, Warrington. CIOUNTRY Cottage TO LET; bay window; six rooms; yard, garden ; rent £l4 cleat.—Apply W. SHORE, grocer, Frodsham Bridge, Cheshire. rrO LET.—Good HOUSE, 28, Catherine-st., 3 b. drnoms, 1. rent, 4s. 6d.- Apply Aswrox, and WOODS, solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. 110 BE LET or SOLD. four Shops with dwelling, good I spac ous shops, sitting room, kitchen, scullery, and washh use and three bedrooms (newly built). Apply on the premises, T. WILLIAms, Mersey-street, Warr ngtou.

*alto bp Zurtuut.

Tali/phone : N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTAI'II AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OrwicEs—Market Gate Chambers, AucTioalgooma—No. 1 r Esnk Street } Warrington. AOKNT 2,--Bun lire ani Life Grace, Lonion , listansile 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass ,Ifidelity ante° and Employers ' Liability) Insuranc3 Associatiun Established 1856. Imperial Li7,l Stock Insurivsice Association Limited. tablisiled 1875.. National Boned nsurance Company, Li mite d sh el 1884.

ALEX. GILMOUR, Valuer, Estate, Business, and Mercantile Agent. —B, PABZ-LAKE, Leeds. loirrphoue 1545.

JONES AND ELSWORTH INCORPOSATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGEIT3. &c.. 57, WHITACHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for gale )y Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on applicaticit. Re-leases periodically. Piwticulars of property entered with out charge unless a sale Is. effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permaaent3. on easy terms. No PRHAIIIJM CHARGED TN CONNRCTION WITW AD,FANCES ON HOOD IREEIOOI.D SRCURITiRD. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates-of interest. Telegraphic Address, " lltsworth, Liverpool," Telephone N0..2,136.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. 0.1.710 ES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD CItAXPERS. SALEROOM:— J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON • Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

Carnage% t a3sstnettesc &r

O N' SAM Grand BASSINEMB, good appearanoe ; a bargain. 125.—RANDFORD, Nursery Terrace, Belfield Rochdale.

CARRYAGE LAMPS from 9. 6dt. per pair; re-silver plat- Mg-, repairs, and japanning.—W. Bizixto2s, 37, Daulby- st. (top of London-read), Liverpool, Established 1869.

CARMAGE LAMPS, of every Description. Repairs Silver Plating and Japanning.—Hnwicaa Brxmom, 4, Audley- street, London-road, (close to Owen Owen) Liverpool.

I IGHT 4-wheeled DOG CART, mufti to new, Warner _LA wheels, with brake, black body,. blue carriage, in blue cloth and :Miser mounts, suit 15 or 16, hands ; coat 75 guineas, will take 40 guineas; eau be seen all any time.—G. RILEY, conf3ctioner.. 21, Gerton-lane, Manchester. 00PE1 AND S i MMON COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATHR-STREBT, LLVRRPOOL High class CARRIAGRS a Moderate Prices. Good Stook o select from. listimates for Repairs given free . The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landau.. Pictorial Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

ttbe-gotark, Sa.

iptzsas.—R. D. GARRITT. Barton, Ampthill, Beds can de- t liver- splesdid growers and stores of all descriptions rrlaeap now.

F SIS ITH, Marston, Ampthill Beds, having several of his noted Pure and Cross-bred PIGS for disposal will send Sny quantity from 145.. each. Carnage paid. Excel- lent growers and feeders.

ON SALE —Six Powerful Lurry HORSES. 16.2 to 17 handb,,also useful Farmer's Horse, 15.2 hands. can all be seen at work by applying te. THOMAS- Ho-woo, Carting Agent; Waterford Stollen. nenr Manchester..

BAILY:S Roup and Condition Pills for Poultry. Pigeons and Pheasants have been in use all over the world for over fifty years, still the best in the marl, et. In boxes is.. as., 48., post free.--BAILY and SON, DT Mount-et., Lon cteny_Vi. _ MR. BRN. MAN-Y 0 N, 45 Stiolin s street. Bedford, have to dispose of a large- quantity of Yorkshire and all other pure bred PIGS from Bs., tOe 12s„ 14e., 165., 18s., 20s , 225., 25s ; all warranted healthy and strong. and as old and good as any other advertiser; c irriage paid on, fear and up- wards ; by taking over four I deduct Is. per head.

DARROTS,I PARROTS I—Any person in wan of one of these most amusing of all birds, should write to the fountain head. Notice,, all grey parrots are imported in Liverpool ; one can be safely sent te,any address* ; the prince and therpeasant supplied from this, the greatest establish- ment on earth ; 500 cages.—Winntszvr Cnoss,Largest Importer of Beasts, Birds nnd Animals, Liverpool.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street. E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.: 20 oz.. 2s. of all Chemists. ITETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Doge, itc. from CONDY'e FLUID WORKS, 61. Tun:train-street. London.E .C.

EALE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS S. FFBRED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. --- EADws pus. - 30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea,. S.W., January 27,1892. EADE'S PILLS. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise EADWS• pus. for introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills. Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pain suquickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three mouths at a time, but now I not only get re- Go VT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less , Rthan a week. My complaint HEU MAT ISM is the worst of all Gouts, called Chalk Gout. —Yours W,01.1T truly. W. LITTLEJOHN." •RILBUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADES GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. 10., and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, • IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of ' the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition ot the UV BR relieve the systemof all impurities, wnich, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- FADE'S ANTIBILIMS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. 10. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE EADE,, f 2, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

GOLD Spangled Harnburgh EGGS, winners. 3s. sitting immedlate.—T, BLAcASsolue, Sbeewood Lodge, Westoro, super-Mare.

CAN epare few eggs from per/ of pure bred Menden cock and black Minorca hens, cross prcxlucos best layers out, and non sitters, Zs. 6d. per silting, BWOOD 211A.12KILIrs, Todmorden.

BLACK MINORCA ROOS Hopkins, and Minters, Noted Layers 3lnd Prize Strain. also Iplendid: Orpington, only gd. dozen, packed'. —JOSEPH 139feETT, 304, Earre-streeti, Earlestown.

LIGGS barre 4 Plymouth rocks. No. 1 pens, '94 nelr, winner _12.1 several prints. and sire of first atti special Gloucester, and cockerel full brother to Butterfield's '36 Palace' cup and' first Dairy winners, hens and pullets Abbot's chamisiOn, cup and medal strain direct. ss. per 13; &Lett, 3s. per 13'; ma- :l3Alle replaced.—Mm. l3ratuYit. Charlestkaa,•BridlinpAbn.

10LYMOUTH Rock EGGS, from First and Special Chester A. mated with Pullets from Ist Derby ; also Silver Wyan-, crates from 2nd Wellingbotough. mated With grand btrds,- and one Ist; unrivalled winter layers; flay above pullets averaged 200 eggs a week, Noteember. Dee?rnber. Jacuary last ;Ze. tiltting.—The Rev H. Lovsrr, Newport, Salop

EGOS FOR BITTING trout hest and prize strains. of Minorcas. LeghornsrOtOingtons and Pfpnouth Rocks- Winners in'each pen. Birds carefully selectad throughosst: Price 3r: 6d.. carrssge paid 4s. First Cross 2s. 6d. Unfertilev replace& if returned.—C. TLRiC Black Breor-lane, Fearn.- head, Viszrington.

tiGGS FOR SITTING from bett and prize strains el?' JI.2J ' Mir:areas, Legliorns, Orpitigtbns and Plymmirth Rocks-- Winners fill each p.m!! Birds ctrefuilly selected throughout. Price 34., carriage pa?d 3s. 61. First Cross 2.5. Untertiles, replaced if eturned.-0. Ttra-l'Eft; • Black Brook-le, Yearn- head, Warrington. TOHN BIILMUNDSON, Crank Pbult7 Yard (Bstablished ' 1890), Monks his cnestomers for they liberal support in the past. and by matinA his birdi, tb produce gccet layers and show poi:its combined, hopes to-have a condi:mance of their support Costomeos, will confer a favour by in wetting his Stock befcre buying Eggs elsewhere. Plymouth, Becks, Mick Minorca', Langshafts, Houdaus,Dark Brahma3l.Anda- instant, Old Bullish-Game (Black Red); Brown Lelhoras. White Leghoriss. Gioldms Pencilled',. Homburgs. Buff Coctiins, Buff reghorns, 35.. 6f1... per' Sitting of 13 eggs. Goiden and Silver, Wyandottes, Black lariorcas. Single-combed Orplagtons, Light Brahmas.- Partridge -C'ochins and Ihdian Game., 4s. per sitting.. All untertile eggs-replaced, if reftrrsed carriage paid. Yard open om holidays. inspection invited. No Sunday business).

IG3S FOR SIT' ING.—Hiving rP-arranged my per vend .12.1 pot them on new grass runs, I now offer eggs fro:lothe following breeds of Pure-brad Fowls :—Black Minorcae, Browr•Leghorns. iVhite Leghrris, Flouda.les Redcaps, Blue Andalualans, Buff Cochins. Light Brahrnae; Langshane, Orpingt*ns, Plymouth Rocks; all at 3s. per sitting. Also fine crosses for laying and table. use (male • bird menticned first) :—White Leghona—Ligtt Brahma,. Redcap--if' Cnchin, Mowian—lndian Game, Indian Game—OrpingAm, Black MThrocra—Orpinot o, all sit. 2s. 6d. per sitting. Also splendid Rouen Ducks, at 4s. persitting. 0-:and Aylesbury, - at 3s. 6d. per sitting, wonde'rful layers. Indiais runners at 3s. All Piggs safely packed in neat; box and rent to any part of the warld. Note.—l will reduceall eggs at. per sittirtg; to parties who come and inspect my birds and take away their eggs,.—HENRI" DRIPR. lt•-ather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-lc-Willows (fire minutes' walk from Lowton St.. Mary's). No business done on Sundays.

LA D3ES' BEST FRIEND LADIES MADAME D. LILLY'S FEMALAI 45.-6 d. - LADIES Post LAD I ES Free. LADIES "" ORUSOSO," 4s. 6d. ; Post Free LADIES EAPIDLY REMOVES OBSTRUC 4s. 6d, LADIES TIDES, HOWEVER Post LADIES OB,TINATE. Free. LADIES THE ONLY POSITIVE- REMEDY. LADIES Send at on-71. 4e. 6d. LADIES pp my sex who require a positive.. Post LADIES 17 and never-failing remedy for Free. LADIES ail ladies' requirements, speedily- LADIES removes all obstractiens and irreg- 4s. 6d. LADIES ularities, especially in -Ifficult and Post LADIBb long-standing cases ; never fails to Free. LADIES have the desired effeat. A few doses LADIES generally sufficient. Nor-ease cen- 41. 6d. LADIES sidereal hopeless when y-i-tehave this Post LADIES remedy. Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO." LADIES Regt. Trade Mark. 4s. 6d, LADIES " Orusoso ' is pleasant' to take Post LADIES and will not injure the most deli- Prey. LADIES eta& 4s. 6d. (post free 41. Ed.).sealed. LADIES It has proved the " Ladies' Best, 4s. 6d. LADIES Friend" in thousands of eases. Post LADIES Delay not, but send at °ace. Free Address—A. G-LILLY, 35. COLSTON-STREET, inusToL. Illustrated Guide, Free 2d.

SIT N INSURANCE OrriCE, FOUNDED 1710. Slim INSURED IN 1894.-2393,622,400. For all partltukArs apply to the rellowing Agents :.--- WARRINGTON-. Messrs. J. R. Pickinere It Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. IVoo.le; Commercial Chambers, 58.Hor8emarket-street MOssrs. Vol Bey and WOrthtngton,Zl Xing-street Mr. R. Lowe. Marke3'Gate Chambers •

ACCEDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB., RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. =WEED AGAINST Br THE RAILWAY PASSEINGERS' AMIRANCE CO. ESTLISIISHED 1849. CAPITAL 21.000.001 k. COMPENSATION PAID, £3.600,000, 84, CORNHILL , LONDON. AB VIAN, Secretary. AGENTh Warrington... ... . .... Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ LEY, Nesse ifs, Viatoria Road Latchford St. He1ene................ ..Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stree Knutsford Sandbach.

A BOGYKFOR MAR-B,IED WOMEN The information contained im;this book cught to be known by:every married woman, and it will not, harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided. Into 12 chapters. The first chapter treats o! the changes at puberty,or when a girl becomes a woman- The second chapter.taeats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best age for marriage, and, who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful in- formation, that one can ordinarily get only from an in, telligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage.. of bloed; relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of,Ohe signs of. pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a Iceman should live during the pregnant state. The sixtk chapter treats of mishaps and how to. avoid them. The seventh chapter treats cf maternal impressions arrd shows that birthmarks are not due tolongings on the -part of the mother, bat rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how• to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forthtin pain and, trouble, but, the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made • comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these- rules are given. The ninth chapter, treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby, is born. The tenth chapter tells how.to treat the mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh ohapter treats of steeility ; gives the rnam. causes of it4.,how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter- treats of, the "change," a moat important article for, all women, over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case. for knowledge is power and the means at attaining happiness. The book can be had from Dr. I' R. ALLINSON,IS Box. 4, Spanish-place Manchester-square, London,, W., in retain for a Postal crdoror is. id.

CoUGH—JUST USE DON'T COUGH—JUST WSE "A SIMPLE, 'Cr. Ask throughout the wild in any, country. that can be named. you will fhad KRATING'S I,O7IENGES largely sold. There is absolutely no remedy that is so speedy in giving relief, so certain to cure, anoi yet the most delicate can take them. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, K EATLINTG'S COUGH LOUNGES. AE Y MOTOR WrIL TELL you" there is no Jettet Cough 'Medicine than KEATING'S LOZRNGES. tine gives relief ; they wi/ cure. and they Win 14 9t injure your heath sold everywhere in 130. tins.

SAMUEL GEORGE DAVEY, /ATE DIRECTOR AND SECRETARY OF HENRY MILLING AND CO., LIMITED, HAS PURCHASED Tux BUSINESS FOUNDED BY MR. A. E. A. SMITH at 2 AND 41 ACADEMY-ST., AND BUTTERMARKET - ST., WARRINGTON. AND HAS OPENED TIJE PREMISES WITH A CHOICE SELECTION OF THE FRESHEST and FINEST QUALITY GOODS, WHICH ARE OFFERED AT THE LOWEST REMUNERATIVE PROFIT.

"ATTENTION !" ROMS WAS NOT BUILT IN A D'Ait. TRUE. IT BAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO' BUILD CT 01711 REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. Y6l Iran'rrurf buy Ilubbti. at liwbbishy Prices, bal to can ptirchaaie a RUDGE from BIG' Nett, surely it NI your blle te ignore the many cheip,and nasty apol4l4EF Cycletrnow on the market. Boy a RUDGEI or ty WORTH, and save the endless sum& for repairs Which vow. purchase'of a Cycle (f) mad's of gaspim and bedstsac .nd always, necessitates, not to mention the risk of We limbs atttlidant upon a rider of a crock. Guareaiteet from many avnts, and makers, are uot I'Vrtba, the paper they are written ipon, so many people Cycle Trade bi-ing here to-day and gone tomorrow. fore, get the•Gtiaraistes of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYC-Lli FIRM' IN, THE W By Bung RUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCtES. Good Diocount for Cash, or on-Alcor New Wray. Payrae t System. RUDGE-WHITWORT3I, LIMITED' C/ludge Cycle•C'o.., Ltd., and Whttivtorth Cycle-Cdr., Ltd') Works—COVENTRY and EIRMINGHPAIL Turing out Over One Thousand /lifelines per Week. LivisaViiroff HousE-101, BOLD-STREET.

VL TANIIRM, cushion, connected hteering, fratt sd:11 _ for lady cr gent/ernan ; splendfd-lcondition WOOIrTILLR-TERMACE, B-erton, Liverpool.

t ELENT'S Higl,grade QUINTON, laif6; model ;COs 9wner £l4 He: last March ; fitted, with Dunlop. We Zyres, split crazas, crown heads, balls all over; goo rutty for twelve months ; marvellous vatus ; only All'''. IlDit.tori, pawnbroker, ala, Park-road, Liverpool.

r ADTS High-grade New Model BA/PTT. with al improvementi ;. best gum metal tnblag, Welly *tsishn' eleetto-plated parts,- good' gear case, silk dress, guard , over, double crown head, new shaped hand% bar • mcnthe warranty only // guineas; Worth, 16 gulneas•- lidi-r.Lon, 210, Park-road, Liv" erpool. Telephone- 9925.'

d ADY'S 1E95 Nag,- MOLIBL ; highest pcssibie grade sn uhist ; well-known maker; Dunlop-Welch tyr shapod tubing. new male handle bar; tWeive rocrn‘Ti warranty transpaaent gear case. silk drosmguard ; ' £l2 158. ; worth 16. guiness.,—MELLoh, 2101 Park-r°' Liverpool.

r ALT.'S 1896 Safety BICYCLB, the Olyrnpie; lEtted rch clincher non-slipping tyres,. chain guard,. dress goa. pump, and tools; new shaped handle bar; balls all over ' only £to,.; well werth 1.2 guineas.—ltlELLob,,,pawnorobet' 210, Park-road, Liverpool..

:18NT'S High-grade light IiCsADSTICR, 1896 model, VAT hauttle bar, clincher tvres, double crown haul', over, purap and toots complete ; also twelve roortchs' ranty goad local maker ; only 29, 10s.—NIELLo•re-21:0:- r4r- road, Liverpool. Telephone 9925.

GHNT'S Highest Possible Grade MACHINE; roe S°D- beam. 1896 model,. fitted with now Besitorb• tyre!' Carter ge-sr case (impr)ved), very best finish throughoir. very llgbl only £l4 15; well w-)rth 18 guineas.—bizt.r.,ol?" pawnbroker, 210, Park-read, Liverpool. 1e1eph0u5,9136.

SALE, splendid Pneumatic BICYCLE, newl,C9 ; St#3,. Lady'ci; Pneumatic Bicycle. new, £9 108.; wartii,doubw. I:—Apyly 20;L1NEUALL.T, Ballymena. t

CYCLES. Flttings and Sundries wipplied by TrrmtEllf—)3lll6ji Byrarc Aroa.de, liroaderedel&.—Write for 7 Y".

Ø) 15s. only for Cushion-tyre SAFETY, in cm-fee CI-, dition,•with ben, limp, and pouch. —42, Az.nniN9°' 3VAD, mitadown-road. Li vnrpoci

QUADRANT CYCDIA COMPANY, SEE OUB NEW PATTERNS AT PRICES TO.SUIT ALL. LIST PE31)...4 69,. ItOLD-STREET, LIVBRPOOL. I.IID 302; STANDBY-ROAD, BOOTLE. LADIES TAUGHT AT OUR TWO LARUE IIDOra SCHOOLS.

QAFETIES .1 : Safetio&P-Important to A/pmts.. Lagers. eali) kJ others.- Illustrated-lAst•of over 1,000 (One-Thous: Machines, New.and Socond-hand, post free to any add es",3o' Thu't pay large and, fancy prices for youi• machine- At Wamlowa prices before • purchasing. Sisigle 31Eachi11e' Wholesale Plies. LadisS' &If bt....e3, a speci,.lltv. Cash%o Agents wanted. List, Post Free from W. if.wstow'" Cycle Manufacturer, Recent-street,Wesi on -supor-A___Le___.----tre• • CARPENTER AND Co 53,.RENSHA.W-STREBT, LIVERPDOD • THE OLD 'FIRM. ted Sole . Liverpool andiDistziet Agents, for Celebrt 001 CS. ROVERS,- PREMIFIES. NEW RAPID i SL'Alili%nr,lll ROTLIWIE,L'S ALLA.RD'S GLO BE AND -a- HOOD CYCLES. LADIES'. GML3LEII4 it SPE, 3IALLITY.. Every Machine 0 maranl ..eed... Ruasirs and. Sundries,—Low Prbees. A • fay,: Shop soiled and; Secondend Maclunes under cost.

J.. H. DUT ToN-k. RARK,ET-STREET, ELESTOWN. Giciaaa (D). GENERAZi,EURNBSHINGt & MILE dittS 1110NMONG0L Sobs-Agenh for the Celebrated RUDGE, WHErWoßill, EXCI !ILL i9R, EUREOf. AND ccettENTRY CROsS YCLES. GREENS PATENT SILENFi , AgOWERs, GARDEN ROLLE'R,s, GARDEN Slays' RAEBS,, SPADES, FORK, ETC., • ATAOWEST PO.3SIBLR PRICES. ?GUNS AND AMMUNITION.

CYCLES! CYCLES! t CYCLES! I I THE CYCLE iING. J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 • miles Nortlern,Boaa' Record), 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON.- AGENT THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW IIIIDSOD"'' ALLARD, MOHAWK,. ATV) TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE 314%r- HINES, REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Becond•ha nd Machlmes always in Stock. Ihree years' Guarantee. LADIES CYCf,ES A SPEMALITY. To meet the requirements of. thosu.who cannot'ee' their way clear to DAT a. Machine Ri2ht Ou4i IV; paying £3 down they can have a Machine aki3C64ll dlilliPtr 1896. DON'T FALL TO LOOK, IN AT WADDINGTON'S CIiCLE SAO' 16, ST.. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO.A.Tt MERSEY-CIIAMEERS, MIERSEY-STRO:Ib" Vi,.‘ RRINGTON. PATENTEA „LND MAKER, 4)0. TaS " ELEGANT." CYCLE STAND. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY FOR HOME US$- AGENT FOR THE f " RUDGE," " WHITWORTH: TOWNEND BROS., AND OTHER BIa,II4*EADB CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. SA t. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTICS- REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PRONIICLIC ATTENDED TO. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE W04.1"' LIVERPOOL- ROAD, W ARR,INGTON.

PURNISH AT WORSLEY'S, THE MAMMOTH HOUSE FURNISHERS, 71-11$ PANTHEON," GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. SMPORIUM OF THE WORLD FOR HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. WEEKLY CHAT. the many interesting subjects which are occupying tokt.unlan brain, none at this season of the year is more im- tohont than "House Furnishing." As one of the best guides fittli,,use furnishing is obtained by personal visits and ocular tbmrstration, we should recommend all intending pur- PaY a visit to "The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Man 115 g 55,, Perhaps the very largest and most complete furnish- c't llha.bi!thrcnit in the world so largely devoted to the sale ,""-e'ass Second-hand Furniture. WORSLEY'S have Ittst :ecreclited agents throughout the country buying the '„DeCirneas of hand-made, high-class, genuine Second- (}{ll4 rtirniture, by the very best makers, such as Lamb. It t °Rden. Doventon, Garnett, Ac. 14m-is a fact indisputable that you can obtain at Worsley's I.e Second-hand Furniture equal, if not better, than any bkr46Prices positively less than the new common London Irowdla'e-- As an example of what Worsley's can offer we ikllostrate it best by citing a Massive Fine Old Spanish t01c,7,,,_,Y Sideboard. 6ft. Sin. long, in magnificent rich- wocxl, splendidly figured—a perfect picture. This ter-s"'''rd would cost originally quite 70 to 80 guineas ; Wors- 114,,,Price. Ll 2. This bargain is worth a dozen of the new t,_‘,oards of to-day at £l2. We could give hundreds and AtT,.44ands of such bargains, in fact Worsley's can tit you up kgices simply astounding; they have a large cabinet fac- tk,,,i; and employ over 60 men manufacturing the bulk of II"' stock,

PPIE. PANTHEON. It I, visit, to The Pantheon will well repay the trouble. of Manchester's warehouses of immense size, close to libov„,!i_Lral Station ; occupies nearly a million square feet of 11l fitted throughout with the electric light • has lifts '' th • )f t floors, and contains ten times the stock of has jir Ilttler house in Manchester. All the showrooms are l lit, easy of access, you can see what you are purehas- P1:1,41314w it thoroughly, and, best of all, you can Please t 'tLyea whether you buy or not. No salesman is allowed ‘.3, press a customer to purchase.

SP,CIAL BARGAINS. ~ut of the Thousands cf Bargains on view at the Pan- shr,;..7aYthorn ,we select a few which are enumerated below, Ne:tnerreven following: _ tnafull and adequate description. Kindly Itoks roR CA.BII OR GRADUAL PAYMENTS. LEY'S ALLOW CREDIT to any respectable purchaser.

t of Complete HOUSES of FURNITURE. ALL WONDERFUL BARGAINS. tint Lot is an excellent HOUSE of FURNITURE, th,,4l4te for Four Rooms, Hall, Stairs, Landing. &c„ fur- Nth .Ikild removed from Great Western-street ; honestly '4O, our price £2O.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BALLYMENA, LINEN and DAMASK MANUFACTURERS. beg to inform their former Patrons and the Public generally that their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, IS NOW OPEN with a JOMPLETS STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DAYiASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-HANDKERCHIEFS, also GENTLE- MEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS. and LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTH- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which they will SELL at Bona-fide MANUFACTURERS' PRICES, All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No one importuned to buy. JOEIN WILSON AND SON, LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, OF BELFAST, 76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For Brwous and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, FOITL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRF-SSIoN, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, LOSS OF APPETIT'E, DYSPEPSIA. HEARTBURN, LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS. &Q. As a General Family Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. Heads of households should always have a box by them to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge. as by paying attention to the regular r.ction of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels,many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. Prepared only by W. LAMBHILT, 173, Seymour Place, London. W.

Newton-le-Willows ....••• Widnes, Appleton, Farnw Ditton, Penketh, Preston Br Frodsham, Helsby, Daresb and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thel wall Newchureh, Croft Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchord Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock port, Buxton, Y rkshire North- umberland, Durham. & S.-East Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western Counties, Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leikh Manchester, part of North Wales, and in-land Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery.. Londoa, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe. Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wrexham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Broo Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and *wan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St. Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-Bast Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cumberland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasstow Night Mail Despatch. All Parts London. Midlands, S.-Eastern S• South Counties. & Foreign

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts We3t of Chester. Accrington. Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool. Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mall Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London. Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester. Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWalea,Preston,St.Helens. Southport. and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton t Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mall. :OUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL Lo ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m. 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-l5 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton I 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. Newton Common 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. (Near the Racecourse)l Railway Station (Newton Bridge) 7 p.m. Preston Junction 6-40 p.m. Church-it.. Golborne B-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. Legh Street. „ 9-30 a.m. and 7 p.m. Lowton Chapel B-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Lowton Common 6 p.m. (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton. 7 p.m. Vulcan Village Burtonwood 9-30 a.m. (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

EVERY PERSON'S FUTURE. Every person's future is, to a certain extent, in his own hand. Many a future which might have been bril- liant has been darkened by lack of the spirit of self-help. Many a home might have been gladdened by life and health and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness and death, in many cases wholly preventible. The spring and summer months are, from a sanitary point of view, among the most important of the year. Due care may now mean a healthy and happy summer and autumn, and robust constitution to meet the trials of next winter. Neglect may now mean a joyless sum- mer, a trying autumn, and a broken constitution to succumb uniler the attacks of any exceptional trial. There are indeed few that do not feel the system needs recruiting. With some it is " only a little cough," "tendency to bronchitis," and others, " not quite up to the mark," "a sort of all over sinking feeling," " too weak to do anything about the house," "these recurring , headaches,"" no appetite for his food," &c. These and a dozen others are common expressions which all point , to the urgent need of some good tonic. What change of air can do for you in a few months' time—if you are no I worse then than you are now—a course of some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of established reputa- tion and of proved virtue will do now. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic. It is the Best REMEDY of the age for WEAKNESS, NERVOUSNESS, LOW SPIRITS, MELANCHOLY, CHEST AFFECTION, LOSS OF APPETITE, INDIGESTION, AND BLOOD DISORDERS. • Avoid Imitations. See the name" Gwilym Evans" on the Label, Stamp and Bottle. Prices :—Bottles, 2s. 9d.; double size, 4.5. 6d. To be had of all Chemists, or direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING Co LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

the dour then opeited.Confectionery and flour had been taken. The police arrested the defendants who all made statements incriminating one another. —Corroborative evidence was given and the elder boys Lomax, Roberts, and Scully were sentenced to 12 strokes of the birch and ,the other three to 6 strokes. WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—Before Captain Withinkton (in the chair), Mr. S. R. Armitage end Mr. W. Houghton. Funrous DRIVING.—For being guilty of . furious driving on the 14th May at Croft, Tinmas Wellay was fined Is. and costs. DRUNKENNES3.—For having been drunk and disorderly in Penketh and Poulton respectively, Peter Moss and John Highfield were fined, the former ss. and costs and the latter 7s. 6d. including costs. Done AT LARGE.—James Jay fined 7s. 6d. f r allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzled on the 2nd May. in Sankey.— Samuel Taylor was fined a like amount for the same offence in Poulton on the 3rd May. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY.—Before Messrs. P. Speakman and W. Lightburn. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—THE 29rH APPEARANCE,— Sarah Ann Meakin pleaded guilty to a charge of being drunk and disorderly in Stune-st., on April 24th. Defendant who had been 28 times beiora the Runcorn Bench was sent to gaol for one month. SCHOOL CA,ES.—T!,e following persons were fined ss. each for neJecting to send their children to school :—William Ellis, Surrey-street ; John Clarke, King-street ; James Cole- man, Cooner-street ; Frederick Ednes, Church-street ; and Joseph Basnett, High-st. ALLEGED DESERVION.—CharIes Johnson, of Piror-street was again charged with deserting his wife and family. It will be remembered that the case was adjourned for a month to prove means, but this his not yet been done as defendant is ill anti has not the means to contribute to his wife's main- tainaace. Mr. F. A. Lake appeared for the defendant. The case was now adjourned another two months. LICENSING TRANSFERS.—Pernaission to sell intoxictnts was given to Thomas Houghton, for the Railway Tavern, lately occupied by John Chambers Wylie, and to James Robinson for the King's Head, lately occupied by Walter Wright.

1 EARLESTOWN V. LIVERPOOL.—An eleven of Liverpool I met Earlestown on the borne ground on Saturday after- noon, and although on previous occasions Earlestown have managed to obtain the victory, in this instance they had to suffer defeat. Liverpool went first to the wickets and succeeded in compiling 100 in a little over an hour, Melly batting very carefully for his 21. Hus- band and Dennis opened the innings for EarleAown,the latter after adding 2, being cleverelv caught by Ring- rose. Miller and Barker made a good stand, but the latter was unfortunate in being struck several times on the hand with the ball. Bell was also placed at a dis- advantage by falling and twisting his knee. Score : LIVERPOOL. EARLESTOWN. A G Melly b Husband C M Kinnear c Mitchell b Goodwin 6 Bell 0 G W Dennis c A b Rio- -11 Stewart Brown c Bell b gross Husband J Bingham jun b Clare l9 Goodwin 2l G N Hampshire b Husband 0 T Barker c Harrison b R H Tilney c Alderson b Go )dwin Husband Rev JIM Ainslie c Clare b Ringrose Husband T Edmondson b Alderson 14 J H Alderson c Ringrose B C Harrison b Husband... 8 b Goodwin. Goodwin not mit /4 W Jenkinson not out Ringrose b Husband C W Emmett b Ringrose 0 T Mitchell c Hampshire b Ringrose Extras 9 Extras 6 Total 100 Total 74 EARLESTOWN 2ND V. POOLSTOCK IsT.—At Poolstock Score : EARLFSTOwN. POOLSTOCK. J Marsh b Ectife l2 JPrestt cSaunders bMercer 17 T Marsh e Seaife b Hartley 15 A Murphy b Mercer J Sanders b Hartley W H Nokes b Hartley C Hipwood b Hartley J Burrell b Hartley 0 H Mawdsley not o•-.t W Hatton c& b Hartley ... 30 J Halliwell c Horsley b J Mercer b Scaife l5 Mer,er ll J James sl, Mawdsley b J H Halliwell b Mercer 4 Hartley F Horsley not, out W Harrison c Prestt b 11 G Smith b J Marsh 2l Scaife Extras.. Total 132 Total for 9 wkts ... 131 RUNCORN V. WIDNES WHITE ROSE.—Played at Runcorn on Saturna.v, resulting in a win ter the home team by ,14 runs. Abrams was again in fine form with the ball, taking seven wickets for 13 runs. Cross and Heath did well with the bat. Score WHITE ROSE. RUNCORN. Wilcock b Abrams 4 Cross b Sadler Hart b Abrams Fadler c Warder 1) Abrams 9 Evans b Sadler Martindale c Abrams b Dodd b Walls Evans.. Walls b Evans Davies c Todd b Arams 6 Jeacock c Skinner bSadler 0 Smith c Evans b Heath Skinner h Abrams 0 Johnson b Smith C Williams b Abrams Bailey c Jeaeock b Abrams 3 °token not out 0 Seddon not out Extras 5 Extras lO Total 45 Total 5B RUNCORN JUNIORS V. WIDNES ALRION.—Rayed on Saturday on the ground of the latter in fine weather. Moores, Catterall, and Bradley batted splendidly for 1 the visitors, as did Callon for the homesters. Catterall I bowled in fine form for the Juniors, who won easily. Score : 1 JUNIORS. ALBION& Walker b Martendale 5 HCalloncWalker blloores 0 Bettley St; Bankes b Yates 0 Burgess at Stanway b Wright c Sankey b Moores 8 Martendale Bradley b Callon l3 Bankes bCa tterall ... ...... 0 Stanway c Callon b Mar- Martendale b Moores 2 tendale Catterall c Yates b Mar- e Callon c Walker b CA- tendale Moores not out 26 Murphy c Stanway b Cat- Yates b Murphy 1 terall Carruthers b Murphy Baxter b Murphy Hopwood b Murphy Extras • 6 Extras 1 Total WESTON N. NEWSHAM.—Tbis match as played at Fairfield, and ended in a draw. Winby and A. F. Jones batted well for their respective scores : Scores :- 2,TEWEIHAM. WESTON. Winby not out Skae b J Pendlebery 0 Hope b T Jones 13 F Jones b Mitchison Williamson lbw b J Tudor 7 W Pendlebury c Winby b Newton a Hope b Pendle- Williamson 6 bury 9 J Tudor at Skae b T T P Jones not out 9 Jones Jackson. Suer, Goss. Mitchison c Newton b Edwards and Philips Williamson 7 did not bat. J A Pendlebury b T Jones 0 Somerville b T Jones C Pendlebury not out 6 Rowles not cut 1 Lightfoot to bat. Extras 0 Extras. l2 Total 114 Total 42 WESTON 2ND V. HIGHFIELD TANNERY.—PIayed at Weston on Saturday. Score :-- HIGHFIELD. WESTON. Haves c Yate. b Tudor 0 Tudor b Stonley ...- ....... 2 Greenhalgh b Pye Percival b Pye 1 Owens b Stonley 0 Forshaw c Owen b Pye ... 0 Pye a Hassell b Burrows 0 Burrows b Tudor Hassell b Pye Dutton c Somerville b Bankes b Stonley 1 Tudor 2 Somerville b Burrows ll Stonley b Barnes 9 Ball c Humphries b Bur- Humphr es b Pye Gee b Pye 0 Green u Stonley b Bur- Lightfoot not out... Williams not out Extras 2 Extras Total 2O Total 3O

RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY COMMITTEE MEETING. The Free Library Committee met in the Runcorn Town Hall on Tuesday evening. Present : Mr. Elandley (in the chair), Messrs. T. Riley, J. Pritchard, W. J. Cunuingham and the Rev. J. Simpson. The cash statement for the month showed payments amounting to £9 163. 93., of which £4 161. 91. was due April 21st. The remaining item of £5 was put down as salaries. The receipts were by tines lie. 101., tickets ss. 81., catalogues 41., papers 23. 3d., subscriptions is., balance due £8 159. Si. Dotal £9 163. 91. The report of the Book Selection Committee was sub- mitted, together with a list of nooks totalling 228 volumes amounting to £26 173. 31. The Committee ex- pressed their approval of the report, and it was decided to recommend the Council to purchase the hooks on the list presented by the Committee. It was also decided to ask for the transfer of £5O to the Library Fund. Ac- counts amounting te £5 15s. 2d. were passed for pay- ment. The donations included the following :-4 water colour paintings by Mr. W. H. Leathwood, a native of the town, to be hung in the r-ading room, by Mr. S. Taylor, J.P.. C.C. ; Rt-fiections on the festhetic principle," with tales and poems by Mr. W. H. Leath- wood ; Great Yarwood and Liverpo3l. by Mr. J. Simp- son, of Runcorn, Frodsham and flelsby (illustrated)Mr. S Bellamy, a copy of same for reading room, J. J' Wheelan.

On Tuesday evening, at the Velodrome de la Seine, Paris, Tom Linton established new cycling records from the fifth mile, covering 30 miles within the hour. On Tuesday afternoon the body of a child was found in the nightsoil cart at the Holt Town Depot. The di- visional police surgeon (Dr. Heslop) examined it, and discovered that a piece of cotton wool had been rammed down the child's throat, causing suffocation. At the in- quest on Wednesday,the Coroner remarked that the case had all the appearances of child murder, and he ad- journed the inquest until the 3rd proximo.

. .11120 ~,;,, 4,.. ~,,,:::: ~ ~, ~,z3, 1 ,tl, 14, .71 ~r, 0, ia-• 1. fib,. • c?.. ; 111 i'i 1 1 .- 3 . , ,4, 4,44 . , ,1.:. ,X,,i ~t, a -% )11 ~n,ll, ! • 4 4•, 61 ''4 r .....-ir 4 4. , • . ~,E '4e,;,4 IT PAYS YOU to PURCHASE your COS- TUEVIES by POST, Ahriays Provided youy !BUY Them DIRECT from the LARGEST FIFINI of COSTUME IVIANUFACTUr ERS in the WORLD. THE JOHN NOBLE Model Costumes are Scientifically Cut, Well Made Throughout and Beautifully Finished in John Noble's Own Fac- tories, where over §,OOO well paid Workers are Employed under the Strictest Conditions of Sanitation and Cleanliness. -.64 Model 374. Model 404 se- -HE JOHN NOBLE HALF- STYLISH EMBROIDERED GUINEA COSTUME .n exceedingly smart COSTUME, mode in the John Noble in the John Noble Cheviot Cheviot Serge, consisting et 1 01 6 with Se r ge, comprising very ot wide Go.d smart Bodice, full widr , ,t; also very Go.det Skirt, 10 /0 with Eiffel A Bodice, with full front I broad box pleat down Toweredß e lit' ch Uexle° .ntre, trimmed bold silk attach ~ w ird and three large .rom waist to l throat. and. i luttons. Collar and Cuffs s prettily embroidered nished silk cord; saddle with silk in harmonising id sleeves lined. Price shade; collar and cuffs ly xO/6 complete, trimmed EN sprrE, sadc.lle :ed _ and sent and sleeves lined. Prick .iage paid for 9d. extra. only x6/6 complete, _IRT only, as sketch, sup- Packed _ , and sent died for 5/6; carriage 6d.ex. carriage paid for 91. extra.

—,.. V. filkji -• ,t , Ski a Belt lf nea \ .' • 4 , and cer col , • 4 an._ • ' ' care SK: plied a. '!* ''-6341 Model 427. THE JOHN NOBLE KNOCK. ri,Poi. YOUNG LADIES' COSTUME, ABOUT FROCKS FOR GIRLS ,-.4---",•..', in the John Noble Cheviot are indisputably the most mar- aii 7 4 Serge, wih lined. _Bodice trim- vellous value ever offered, being 1 med military braid, centre box thoroughly well made in the VI re pleat and buttons, the FROM John Noble Cheviot FROM '"" "' skirt being ornamented 8i 6 Serge with saddle-top, 1/6 at each side with fancy long full sleeves and .. pocket, and finished pocket. They are loose- military braid and buttons EN fitting and allow ample room SUITE. for development of the limbs. •A- Lengths 35 38 42 46 50 ins. Lengths and Prices as follows: Jr Prices BA 9;6 10/9 111 13/6 ea 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45ins Packed - and sent carriage !.;45 a! 2/6 3/ 3 6 41416 Si 56 ea • I • j , paid for 9d. extra. Lengths are Postage 44d. extra. Lengths from top of neckband to bottom are from top of neckband to of skirt in front. bottom of skirt in front. N.B.—The Ordinary Stock Size of the Ladies' Costumes fit any figure up to 38105. round the bil,t t.- arms, the skirts being 38, 40, &42 ins, long in front. Larger or special sizes made to measure for i,:.,i ra l CO LO U RS : Any of the above Costumes can be supplied in Black, Navy' Brown, Myrile,Bronze-GrP.en, Etectric Blue, Ruby, Dark Cinnamon, Fawn, or Grey. PATTERNS, also the Illustrated ••Fs ,k ofl c 1 Serge "8, Fashion Sheets of numerous other designs sent post free to any reader o f this paper on app JOHN NOBLE Ltd., Br : ook St -Ms, IVIANCHESTE. ___________,-....._.•••••worensem..nnos

CYEANC/Ne.:SS 11S.E ON! I' , , 4 e ,9 ; Vott • 4Z. "C. , *0 • „, ._t. , , /Lk/ —4PS ra

. . , ti 1 ' I /. ' ' By u Es PApRoCsETL 6 0." i zAII r, DIRECT FROM THE LEADING FIRM OF COSTUME MANUFACTURERS .el / , A 1f : 03-1W#4160 • 1,k10.--...54 The London Manufacturers. - ~ Thousands of Testimonials testify to the wonderful value of our Half-Guinea Costumes. Costumes to measure. Perfect fit guaranteed. , , ' ini6sitlade In our i World-Pamed SERGE. 10 /6 ( , / .., , ~ '-. iu / Our most successful Costume for indoor wear is design No. zoo. This Cos- tume appears to stand alone in point of excellence to such a great / e' i'. degree compared with other Costumes offered to the public at anything l' approachng the same price, not only as regards the material, the i%11" Celebrated Specialite Serge, but as regards the make, style and q j yi';. general appearance of the Costume, that we cannot but feel the ;/ ' i% :Pit greatest amount of pleasure as well as unbounded assurance, in recom- ! w II mending you to purchase one of these useful and ladylike , I( i 04;4 Costumes. , '' , , We can equally' recommend our Open-fronted Half-Guinea Cos- , i I ~ / Al tume, Design No. 'l(4 which is comprised of a fashionably cut Open- ,/ (/,,, 'VI fronted Jacket with a full size skirt. Patterns Post Free. Ladies are requested to kindly forward their name and address for patterns ii 1 , ' ~, :t, ;,' ',P, which will be sent by return free, and not on approval, together with ' •, 1. 111' / .'.10.1.) our Sketch Book containing Illustrations and Sketches of our A. various ous designs. Allen Foster a Co's Half-Guinea Costumes are 11/ N. ~,,'% ~•,1 UTTERLYUNRIVALLED All the WORLD Over. 1,0 •Al,:, .1:1.1 Can be had in any of the following shades :Black, Navy, Tabac, Brown, .'11; ~& - innamon, Fawn, Grey, Electric Blue, Myrtle, Bronze- Green, Ruby, ,air ,-___ _ Cardinal, etc. 15,. We also offer to our customers a more expensive Cos- tu / U me at Fifteen and Sixpence, made in our fashionable Design No. zoo. Frieze Cloth. This Costume cannot fail to give satisfaction. Patterns, Sketches and Order Forms, Post Free, Each Costume securely packed and sent carriage paidg.d. extra. Speclallte Serge: any length can be had at 113 per yard, purchaser paying carriage. Bankers : London & County, Aldersgate-street Branch. All communications must be addressed : ALLEN I' OS 6: co., x 7, Roscon STREET, LONDON, E.C.

POLISHING—A PLEASURE! WILL NOT 5.95 t STEPH EN SO li's FINGER ~,z._,..),.. e#i?:' MARK. . ...• FURNITURE t... •..,....,.... ~ :...•.._, /..:2,.. , -.......:::.;.-.......f.:.:-.---,-....*,._.5,...„,_,,,-_, 1 Cll.. EAM a . ,• ...- ~... , ,tck,• ~ , ',,;•:,,f,-44.:;-.,'•-.0.-fintait ~ z • - •.- ''••• ''t,;s:,•• \ :...i-' , ... ~. ;-i•:..-,-w,t, ---,- -',...,-.::.,. .• , 4.4,.,., 4.1.1.-44 ... - -..- •- . ~....;' -.... ....:-‘4,---.,---•,!..., • • ' &1.,. -,-,..', ...-. • ::: .., -,; - . ~, ',;:',--.., 41:`,,i i ' s::.1 • -.-, ` :',7, I ,-;1' ..,:;../ ; ',.. ; -,:,•;;•:, , tie—,---_. ----r,— ..—;V.,---_—_-:4-___ L-:.:,._,°;.,--,,fr, I, -- ~.r..k, . ,--,_ .-: le, -.: -In 4-,,,42.1g.--i: !'-g- ai,'• / .'' -.,:':.:-,43.=,...!*;-_-•-. --, ',.. - -_-_-_-.-- --; , ..•:iyp. ,•' - .7----.llif. •lif, g -:" lir • ;41,01104-4,, • ..,,..„..„--:.• te,,?4,' .1 '1 illo '• '" t'' 1.; ' ••,' --../ _•;- '''' -....._!'•'.. '.,, ' k) ,4olfl by Chemists. Grocers, and I roocmortgerß. Bole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD

... . , . i . ~ , I:SINFEG, . , .., .. .. ~...,..„„.„....„.:,..,5inT„,,,...„„ __,,,„..:. .t4!.....„,,,,...4,,,,..i.#1-21,,.-...',,,,,z1.4,,:vp-,1-„,:.,, ~,..;,..:.,4,-. Ve:liti , , •:, ~ 4. :,.,z,'., :•;","!,.... p, ",' ' ',41: A' , "SAN ~., ; ~, ~ , ~., tg.:. , ..,,:,,,t, . . ~,„,.r, . ,4, ,-.• SOAPS i • ,' " ' POWDER .64' FLUIDS, .''' re st ing F'''rrP il'ig6-efitpe,-,.,1,,, ..1 6 i'o ,1,t.,•.,-, ', %,-.I:K, `,:‘-', n'•"-- 5a5..n.itai.::601.2,,Lc),;,8ejh.,6141...,4,re4,.0nife. w.!

LADIES jIIDISPENSABLE TO LADIES! Particularly ih°BB who desire a qulak Sate and reliable remedyfor all obstructions and trregty larlUeS, a medicine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair as the most obstinate & hopeless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: ,our inkaluable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopeless- ness." A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with all testi- monials and medicine. One package at 4s. ad. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit ,ElOOO for every testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, W— AAL iLTO NI CIE IF rt IILS D I CAL INSTITUTE. HACKNEY ROAD (0 ppo site Bhoreditch Church). London, Nal

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES. --- Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however ohs inate or lrng-standing, and never fail to bringabout the desired effect. as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parelel in medical science; have saved thousianci trouble, illnas and expense. Stamped envelope for price Iist.—GnALIFLED CazmisT, 201, Great Ancoats-st., Manchester.

GOVERNMENT ARMS, ACCOUTRE- MENTS, CLOTHING, STORES, ecc. Government Clothing:—Great Coats, /6;7 Scarlet Tunics, 1/8 ; Jackets, r/i ; Grey Capes, rho; Glengarries' id.; Waterproof Hoods and Capes, xod. Police Clothing:—Great Coats, 5/6; Trousers, x/g ; Leggings, 2/-; Lanterns, pd. ' • &c. Arms as actually used by the French during the Franco-Prussian. War :—Chasse- pot breech-loading Rifles, 8/- each; Swords, with brass handles and steel scabbards, xf- ; Lances, 4/-; Navy Boarding Pikes, 2/7 ; &c. British Government Camp Equipment: —Army bell Tents, 40-ft. in circumference, with pole, pegs, peg mallet, and 1-in, lines, in bag complete, ready for use, 17/6 each ; Brown Army Blankets, 7-ft. by 5-ft. 8-in., x/6 ; Waterproof Sheets, 3-ft. by 6 ft., i/6; Mcss Tins, ; &c. British Government Harness:— Heavy Cart Harness, Li 155. 6d.; Gear Harness, Zx Is.; Trooper's Riding Saddles, complete, x2/6 each; Bridle.;, 2/3 ; Head Collars, i/9; Leather Surcingles, 1/3 ; Nose Bags, ventilated, complete with buckle and strap, 3d. ; &c. New Harness:—Full-size Gig, complete, £3 is.; Demi Hogskin, Riding Saddles, complete, Lx 55.; &c. Curtains, Carpets, &c.:—White Lace Curtains, 3-yds. long, 50-ins. wide, 2/4 per pair ; Carpets, 2-yds. by 3-yds., 3s. each; Rugs to match, Bd.; &c. Illustrated Price List jive on atislication to %JARDINE, Ncektinalosairrs.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fin Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons. so preva- lent with the s,x. Boxes is. 11-d. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker E T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham. Beware of imitations.

THE GREAT REMEDY. s,LAlnss GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Ptin is quickly relieved. Sere. Safe. and liffeetull. Sold by all Chemists at is. lid. and 2s 9d per box.

These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam NNT,I4 of Copaiba, Cubebs or Injections and cure 4 hours the same in ame diseases without incon- - 4,1 venience. 4/6 of all Che- mists. Or post free. WILCOX & Co., 289, OXFORD ST., LON DON, W

ONE BOX OF` CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel, and Pains in the back. Gmaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 45. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any adAress for sixty stamps bvthe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG C VAPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY it SONS LoAdon, and all the Wholesale Houses,

FOUND DEAD. DOTSON FOR KILLING RATS. Thlusands hay been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of rats dad by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box o SANFORD SZ SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it Soldby Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn StaCkS, and poison for killin Moles on land.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECKs BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACC.GUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES. and ANNUITIES purch.tsed and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thnft the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted Z. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars post Tree. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager.

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 10 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES TO all irregularities and obstructions. a LADIES „,,, remedy which under the most trying L'-' circumstances and in the most ,difficult LA DIES TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LAD I ES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES RELIEF, TO GENERALLY IN A YEW HOURS. LADIES TO No case , hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES TO Hill, Cambet well, writes : LADIES TO .• By adopting your treatment my anxiety and misery was over within'. LADIES TO twenty-four hours, although for over three LADIES TO months T had been daily taking pills and LADIES ,TO other things in vain. Half the quantity LADIES ITO you sent proved effective. to my intense LADIES oy and surprise." TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES TO expensive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by LADIES TO post, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any LADIES TO eltll particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES TO envelope. LADIES Write privately to— TO Mrs. M. M. 11., LADIES TO 145, STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON, s.w LADIES

Li.' Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths. Beetles. KEATING'6 ! Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. K-E—ATING'S POW 1), Kills Fless, Bugs. Moths, Beetles.

cueine: 31, 6d., and IS. T INS. brlatheida, Pius w perfectly 3 6t d., and IS. TINS. liiinarnicl'ess rivalled in destroying (whilsttoallpearnfeicmtlll 3d., 6d., and I.S. TINS. Ifiufers). should be well sprinkled with the Pow- der before placing away. Sold only in tins.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN, Are easily. surely, and with perfect safety get rid of by us lug KEATING'S WOR &I TABLETS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins. Is. lid. each.

SMITIrs TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOIJS PILLS. is id. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for I or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, aftei excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curial., hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLICR'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. 13/4d., per I box, by post for 15 stamps; a known cure, however bad the ase . SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZ SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors,

EADE'S PILLS. EADWI3 piLLs. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism s'iould immediately EADB'S pILLs. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S plus. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADICS pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very. EADICS plus. worst eases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE. AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT . , " 16,Eurton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd. 1894. .HEUM A TI S M "Dear Sir,—lt is with untiounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of ycur most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHE U MAT IS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course -GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUMAT IS M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HE mebelnifenlaild have atigaipt.he Il3evaeort GOUT pails I have taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHE UMAT I S M directly, I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUMA T I S 31 You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write It HEU MAT ISM me (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you every success, Yours truly. ALBERT MOUNTAIN." EADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9.1. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. B.C. Ask for and be sure Nou obtain BADE'S GOUT AND RHEU- 31A.TIC PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.

MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, &a. ACTS MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. -- MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA-ROAD. MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

(1 LACE UURTAINS DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURERS. THE HAPPY HOME PARCEL.-1 Pair elegant Draw- ing Room Curtains, 4 yds. long, 2 yds. wide ; 1 pair splendid Dining Room Curtains, 3i yds. long, 52 in. wide; 1 pair Breakfast Room Curtains, floral style, 3 yds. long. 48 in. wide; 1 pair pretty Bedroom Curtains, 3yds. long, 40 in. wide (ALL TAPED EDGES); 1 Lace Cushion Cover, 1 Lace Handkerchief, 12 yds Fancy Lace, 12 yds. Crochet Edging. The lot, Car. Paid, 17s 6d. Whits or Ecru. SUCH HANDSOME VALUE HAS NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Money returned if not approved, Picture Book of Lace Curtains. Roller Blinds. Frilled Curtains, Lace, &C., Post Free. ROLLER BLINDS. edged with Lace or Fringe, from ss. 6d. Samples of Materials on approval. GORRINGe: & Co., 56 DEPT., NOTTINGHAM

'TOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without intern medicine 'TOPING COUGH HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole JRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, CROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. All Sizes of MOWERS as below kept in Stock. SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR CASH. REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. f 471.7. rt 11„111‘ L"C ,impA e - LAWN MOWERS! LAWN MOWERS ! ! WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to H.M. the Queen and his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PATENT " SILENS MESSOR " LAWN MOWERS, WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID LINK STEEL CHAINS. NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of all o hers, and are the FIRST. FOREMOST, and BEST IN THE WORLD. They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years. and have carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been givea in all eases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens and Gjlf Clebs. They will out either short or long grass. bents, &a., wet or dry. EVERY ONE SIINT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction, Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had o: all respectable Ironmongers and Seeds- men in the United Kingdom, or from the Manufacturers. TkiOMAS GREEN & SON. LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS. AND SURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the United Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free on Application. BEWARE OF DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS. N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments for the trade as well as others.

•' • ' • i 1(- 0.--- , . . ~ ~.f ....7, if ,F '., ea '- ,---,.., .- ~ rmi, 4,,,: '4' , p,I --: f4< I ' ..- '',6,,,/,/, .;•,''','2? ':' ''''.;,h:' IC; ?.. ti ti,„H'o.,t;{.-., A\ ' It sdili ..' , • ~A.,;-„,i,,,, i , .v., 0.14.?,,,, , 07..,,,A,#,--/.4t,,',,c,..1%1 1.:,"41:4,Vil 1 ~!.Y,:, ';',',.;-' ..,,Li,..k ~t 7... :::.-) 4, . ~. A; , ~,$, ~i.,.., mil, ry..k... •', ;'-'•:L,,,; r••*? -A, . ) .7, Au. 1e•44-/ • - •,•`",, ' i 4.-• 41. 1,..,_ ,011,10,,,.• tn' 1,... ~',' ' 40.1.2dP5' , ( k s•'-A!%i's 14, 47.4.5.1.,,.,,..5.,,.t.,.,..e...:, . .: . I,' IN tic 44;•,; t-,,,k,,i, •......:440,41c01 . t .3..-.40-,•, i.-. - .. -,.., I. :4. • . rt,,•• .44,...:-.• ~.ir•-,,-144'. #ec ' ---a FIFTY ye' ', .... 00THINC, 4‘q3 '.- ,REIIIE1: --.. \ tr\s \ F Et; MISR HEAT., ' ',.. ),i\,. •i, , ~,. 1 ...c,,,:„. , . _.) 7..1 . .. .1 Preserve : r - . Healthy Vete ef the : .1' • -. , • . cesrhtet:te icring the j fi,, diaren P.° ief VETHING '/ CU t t 12., fig e 1.411 vl,. • , ; TIN AI4VOIKUI S ~....urroy. •,1,-,', - • 7- i Please Observe the E E .iA:.. s, -,, -,1 N STEEDM AN ~, IT- • ~ -

TUCK 86 CO. LTD. MAKERS OF INDIARUBBER AND PURE ASBESTOS GOODS, LEATHER BELTING, Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES 86c. GUARANTEED QUALITY. 42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL. LONDON, CARDIFF, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN. LEATHER WORKS :- LIVERPOOL.

WORTH A GUINEA A .u.o.r. 13gEtit PILLS' 1.4 FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

DISORDERED LIVER, and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 91d., Is. rid., and 2s. 91. each. wit h full directions. The ls. 111. Box rc. ..afas 56 J'i 1 . PREPARED ONLY BY TM: PROPRIETOR— THOMAS BEECOM, St. lielens, Lancashire. BEEGHAErs TOOTH PASTE BFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES TIIR TEETH—PERFUMES TI-18 BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggistr., or from the Proprietors, for is,, post-paid.

'ALEXANDRA' HAND SEPARATORS. retake 20 °/. More.— rillllll Butter. Ins' -g..,....-......_ m...,-;.,. ... ..7, .... Saves Sent on ,kr,___:', --'• 4----..-7--_, Labour Trial. Time Time Carriage ..) ~;'-..,V '''V Fuel Paid. .; ...—. - )--..._....--- .. Space , 1,4 ~ i • ~ , V..af li+,o ,!,' ,‘ ‘i '•,-;/? and —.....- . ----. ,---_-_----7—c--,- \ , . ---'- ' - Utensils, SIZE EASY TO WORK FOR A £ s. d No. 12 Lad 16 Galls, per hr. 9 0 0 ~ 19 „ 25 „ f f 14 0 0 fl/ B ~30 , V 11, 1515 0

R.A.LISTERB6I., _TD. DURSLEY, GLOS.

THERE IS ONE BEVERAGE SUITABLE for at .1. SEASONS of the YEAR, Amid Spring's ethereal mild ness, summer's long and sunny days, autumn's golden stores, and esmcially winter's unkindly blasts, a I lUP OF GOOD COFFEE is ever acceptable. It ‘,..) cheers and enlivens the robust, it stimulates.aud nerves the invalid. VRENCH. COFFEE has ever had the highest ..12 reputation, and it is therefore satisfacteryto know that an English house of high reputation such as Messrs. BAR- BFR'S can supply us with the luxury of the *nest FRENCH COFFEE as used in Paris, roasted on the French principle, and most car-fully blended in proper proportions with the best Burges chicory, ••so highly recommended by the faculty." 'This luxury is sold in canister complete at One Shilling per Pound, or Two Pound Tins free by post for 2s. 6d. to every post town in the United Kingdom and Channel Islands. Large parcels carriage free, MESSRS. BARBER'S HIGH-CLASS TEAS and COFFEES are much APPRECIATED.—Vide "Court Journal," September 21st 1895. P,ice list sent free. a BISHOPSGATE STREET, E.C., ; 274, Regent 61, Circus. W. ; 102. Westbourne Grove, W.; Brighton and Birmingham. DEVON. COUNTY SCHOOL, near Tiverton, Devon.—One hundred success,s, healthy situation; fees 30gs. bix £lO scholarships offered. - Prospectus forwarded.

BRUCE & STILL, LTD., 75, NORFOLK-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Manufacturers of STEEL & IRON ROOFS, Coutractors for HAY SHEDS, DUTCH BARNS, HOSPITALS, SCHOOLS, MISSION ROOMS, &C. ESTIMATES FREE. Write for New Illustrated Catalogue of Poultry Houses, Dog Kennels, and appliances, postage free. BRUCE & STILL, LTD., 75, NORFOLK-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

• ESTABLISHED 1879. CHARLES' (30TTON, SCOTLAND-ROAD (Mol'n:LA.3eB YAlta), WARRINGTON. TURNING, FITTING. SCIARWOUT CING, PUNCHING, DRILLING. GENERAL SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Fortzings), HORSES CAREFULLY SHOD. Estimates Supplied Free.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 4LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRING-TON. Also Sole Agent for ANGL )411AV RIAN AM .ER ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists. in Canister 5d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each.. Wholesale by J. GEDDES. AND SON. WARRINGTON

PETER COTTON, ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER, Sacking, Canvas, Stack Covers. Netting, Curled Hair, Oil Sheets, dr.e., &o. Tents and Marquees for Sale or Hire. Sports, Picnics, &c., fitted complete. No. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

H. EzA R D, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR. FRARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants own plans. Jobbing punctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., DELIVERED IN BAGS. CARRIAGE PAID. IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT £3 PER TON Special price over 100 miles. SUPPLY sctly limited. ORDERS should be given .early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department. Town Hall. Manchester; 'Or to J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester; BOLD ALDRED. Stamford Road. Altrincharn.

J. MOSS, PAIgIILY tEUTCHER, r 59, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEIM iMUTTON, VEAL AN PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All orders promptly attended to and delivered when required.

TOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED.; NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., is. 2d., is. 4d., Is. 6d., is. Bd., AND 28. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

- • • FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but Msl arrangTEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand thewor au— TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, 0 TEETH. Painless Eat,qteitlanuauss hero by tbe TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 galloo6 weekly. Exore. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST Mt EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Of" WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SA.l,lO' RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE- NORTH ef, WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLIMIA.B.Or-

E. ESSENHIGH, MANCHESTER-ROAD, WARRINGTON. „ogle, Architectural and Monumental Sculptor and Delpfl) Tombs, Landings, Monuments and Mead Stones. Ig' Granite and Stone. Estimates given.,
