===== 0002601_18960704_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
YO.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED_ FOR

. TRANSMISSION

1/iftt, -1) READ AND CONFECTIONERY.

UOVIS BREAD AND BISCUITS.

A WARD AND DIPLOMA

FOR

tbDb 'LITY, SWEETNESS AND EXCELLENCE.

-I INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED . 1710. Svnt tNSURED IN 1895.—t390,775,000.

4.1thirb4,.1311 art Ltulars ON . Ato the followine Agents : *****— , eBBrs. J. It. Pickmere lc Son, Bridge-st. Air. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Mes Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street Bre. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. 1/* we. Market Clete Chambers U

THROUGH THE LAKE ; 'STRICT: TO THE ISLE ,F MAN. N.. THE .BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage.

Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted). BARR') W to DO! GLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 90 a.m. Train in conntction with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 956 a.m Special Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 23s. 6d. Trains run Third-class and Saloon ...... d. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin ll5. Od. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE —CUR ULA.R TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning, via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or rice rersa,ean now be cbtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon 193. Od. Third-elass and Saloon 13s. 6d, Third-class awl Fore Cabin 9s. 6d. Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the ontw.ard and homeward journey. Passengers' luggage is conveyed free of charge from and tOtahsesebntgeear' msens at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (tor the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. Barrow.

ae.mEs LITTLE & CO.

HENRY MILLING & CO LTD.

TO MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE

TIMES, HAVE PLEASURE IN OFFERING- TO THEIR

===== 0002601_18960704_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
CUSTOMERS AND THB PUBLIC

EXCEPTIONALLY A- OOD TEA, AT ONE SHILLING PER LB. IS. PER POUND.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ABOVE TO BB HAD

ONLY

FROM HENRY MILLING & CO., LTD.,

5, HORS E MARK ET-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

Telegrams Milling," Warrington. Telepllone :—No. 48.

)iletor, H,

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS .1. RS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow .0 Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Mediciu from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and inc,easing demand. Purchasers should therefore atteild to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they porch se is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only portion in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside labe by Mrs. Sirothers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street," fo-merly of 67. St. Paul's, London, are en- ved on the Gov.rnm. nt Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d each,by most Chtutiabs.

.trAiturat ton.

SPECIAL OFFER, FOR A SHORT TIME A VERY LARGit AND CHOICE ELECTION VF BOOKS is now being offered by i• • ILARICE, " EXAMINR " FFICR, KARLISTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOOK AND BOWDON, LoNDON. At a Discount ot 20 per cent. or 4s. in the Pound..

PETER COTTON, ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER, Sacking, Canvas, Stack Covers. Netting, Curled Hair, Oil Sheets, &0., ttc.

Tents and Marquees for Sale or Hire. Sports, Picnics, &c., fitted complete. No. 6, CHESTER'S-N.A.RD, WINWICK-STREET WARRINGTON,

FURNISH AT WORSLEYS,

THE MAMMOTH HOUSE FURNISHERS, " THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HE EMPORIUM OF THE WORLD FOR HIGH-CLAS

SECOND-HAND FURNITURE.

WEEKLY CHAT.

Among the many interesting subjects which are occupying the human brain, none at this season of the year is more im- portant than '• House Furnishing." As one of the best guides to house furnishing is obtained by personal visits and ocular demonstration, we should recommend all intending pur- chasers to pay a visit to "The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Man- chester, perhaps the very largest and rn•)st complete furnish- ing establishment in the world so largely devoted to the sale of high-Cass Second-hand Furniture. WOH3LEY'S have duly accredited agents throughout the country buying the best specimens of hand-made, high-class. genuine Second- hand Furniture, by the very best makel, sw.lll as Lamb, Urillows, Ogden, Doveston, Garnett, A. It is a fact indisputable that you can obtain at Worsley's Massive Second-hand Furniture equal, if not better, than any new, at prices positively less than the new common London furniture. As an example of what Worsley's can offer we would illustrate it best by citing a Massive Fine Old Spanish Mahogany Sideboard, 6ft. 6in long, in magnificent rich- coloured wood, splendidly fig.:• d—a perfect picture. This sideboard would cost originally quite 70 to 80 guineas; Wors- ley's price, £l2. This bargain is worth a dozen of the new sideboards of to-day at £l2. We could give hundreds and thousands of such bargains, in fact Worsley's can fit you up at prices simply astounding; they have a large cabinet fac- tory, and employ over 60 men manufacturing the bulk of their new

T—HE PANTHEON. A visit to The Pantheon will well repay the trouble. It is one of Manchester's warehouses of immense alt.., C,030 to the Central Station ; occupies nearly a million square feet of showroom, fitted throughout ith the electric light ; hai lifts to all the floors, and contains ten times the stock of flu niture of any other house in Manchester. All the showroo.es are well lighted, easy of access, you can see what you are purchas- ing, examine it thoroughly, and, best of all, you can please yourselves whether you buy or not. No salesman is allowed tounduly press a customer to purchase. QPECIAL BAttGAINt3. I.J Out of the Thousands of Bargains or, view at the Pan- theon, G-aythorn,we select a few which are enumerated below, space preventing a full and adequate description. Kindly note the following • . FOR CASH OR GRADUAL PAYMENTS. WO RSLEY'S ALLOW CREDIT to any respectable purchaser.

Lis' of Complete 1-101J66 ot FURNITUttb. ALL WONDERFUL BARGAINS. The first Lot is an excellent HOUSE of FURNITURE, complete for Four Rooms, Hall, Stairs, Landing, Ac., pur- chased and removed from Great Westena-street ; honestly worth £4O, our price Lot 2. A COTTAGE HOUSE, comp rely ar.d beautatuity FURNISHED for £l5 containing every requisite,worth £35 write for particulars. Lot 3. A most useful, substantial House of Furniture for dining-room, kitchen, two bedrooms, sundries for scullery. hall, stairs, landing, vi.. for £4O; the sideboard in the din- ing room originally ct,st £3O. This is a rare bargain; first come first served. Will be stored free until required upon pay- ment of 5 per cent. deposit. Lot 4. A downright good HOUSE of FURNITURE for a Lancashire lad who is house proud and admires a comfortable home. In the first place there is one of the haudSOMeSt Spanish Mahogany Sideboard Dressers, with carved back, fitted with mirrors,the prettiest ever made ; the Sofa, Chairs, and Arm Chairs are all hair. The Bedroom contains a proper Lancashire Bedroom Suite.strong well made,all solid Ameri- can walnut. A massive brass-mounted Bedstead with spring mattress, hair mattress, Ac. There i 3 everything required besides, such as carpets, oilcloths, fenders, fireirons,chamber service, rugs ; but space prevents us gl, ing full particulars 7,, we will send full particulars if you will write for them. Price for the lot complete, £39 9s 6d. Guaranteed for 10 years. —wonsurs. Lot 5. The best House of Furniture in England for £5O delivered. Write for particulars. Lot 6. Excehent opportunity for matrimonial candidates.. A 1,-ry pretty HOUSE OF FURNITURE, only recently furnished to order by a good provincial house. Worsley's can offer an exceptional bargain, the la complete cost £250, and is furnished in exquisite style. and is now no worse than new, bang perfectly clean and fresn. Price tor the lot, £B5 15s. When we say it contains solid Furniture for Draw- ing, Dining, and two Bed Rooms, besides all the sundries for Kitchen, Servant's Bedroom, Hall Furniture, Carpets and Linoleum for all iComs, there is n ) further need to say it is a bargain. Come and see for yourself. A complete list for- warded to anyone taking the trouble to write for it. Lot 7. A. HOUSE OF FURNITURE, plain, hut strong and useful, suitable for shooting box, seaside dwelling, or small country house; price £lB 10s. Lo; 8. A Semi-detached HOUSE OF FURNITURE (rent of house was £5O) Ihe whole of this furniture. including a new Neumeyer pianoforte, is in splendid condition, contains drawing-room, dining-room, sittin 'r-rom, four bedrooms, servants' room, hall. kitchen, and cellars, No r arpeta or oileloihs, simply all till heavy furniture wil' be Offered by Worsley a, in one lot or septirate. In 0.10 lot for 2,150, cost nearly £4O). Particulars supp.ied post free.

GREAT BARGAINS IN FURNITURIL Lot 150. A Magnificent Solid Oak Dining-room Suite, by Garnett, consisting of a magnificent spite of couch, two easy chairs, aud 12 single chairs, in morocco, stuffed all through with finest curled hair ; a selendid suite, beautifully uphol- stered. comfortable and luxurious ; price 20 guinetts,cost £B5. The Sidebuard is all solid o•ik to matPh, is a fine spa -linen of good cabinet work ; price £l4, cost £45. The massive 10 feet Dininz Table to match for £B. cat £5, The suite complete If in one lot, for £4O; suite. sideboard, and table the cheapest, lot in Great Britain. Inspect at once, or will be sold.— WORSLEY'S. Lot 179. A Very Massive Solid Oik Dining-room Suit. Marzttien and Banning, con,isting of suite of .5 pieees, cou-h, two easy ch tirs, and 12 high-class standard padded back single chairs, late tiv ps °pert,/ of a nobleman ; th- suite ' alone must have cost £l5O to £?,00. it is upholstered in Morocco and has a set of loose cove's ; our price for the lot only 20 guine ts. The sidelyarci 's magnificent, both in d -sign and quality ; the back is divided in three parts, sur- mounted with a beautiful Corinthi In cornize and capitals. three briliant crystal mirrors are elegently fitt d in the re- cesses : the lower part is also massive and elegently fitted; price only £3 , worth £l2O. k fine 12 feet dining table to match tor £l5 155., cost £45. A splendid overma.ntel to match cost, £3O. for £9 10s. Anyone requiring really high- class second-h,nd furniture ought to inspect this lot at once ; only require, to he seen to effee, a speedy clearance. Lot 213, A Spani,h Mahogany Dining-room Suite, Com- plete, with 9-piece dining-room suite of counh, two easy chairs, and eiX tine inwive single chairs in morocco, massive 7-feet Sp .nlsb mahogany sideboard, sad a 10-feet Spanish mahogany dining table on hewy carved supports the whole lot tor £25, would cost £12„) new. WORSIAY'S GREA BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROMI FURNITURE. Lot 516. A DRAWING-ROOM, one of the most perfectly furnished rooms imaginteole, containing furniture of the most stylish. recherche. fascinating description. The whole in carved Chippendale, being dull polished so highly appreciated new in society, and although second-hand is quite perfect, so perfect that it would puzzle an uphol- sterer to tell it had been used, all that art could do hav- ing just been completed to make the furniture equal to new, it neing essential that drawing-room furniture should be- sp tlessly fresh. The suite contains ts,t 'se, two Princess easy chairs, a carved back chair, and four var,ously designed occa- sional chairs, the whole being uphol-tered in rich Genoa velvet. The cabinet is sft ; Mooresque in style, having a Moorish carved curtain canopy ; the m11,31e is brilliantly fitted, with curiously shaped panels of bevelled plate glass, the lower portion containing china encasements. The overmantel naatches,the coal cibinet litto, and list, but not least, there is a set of four occasional!. Wes of wierd style„eseh diferent. The whole, as before sta•,ed, forms a charming suite, well worth 250 guineas • price for Immeilate sale 85 gaineas. In invited.—'W. H.WORSLEY, Gaythorn, Manchester. Lot 753 A Magnificent Drawing-room Suite, second hand, but equal to new,in inut,cost £5 ,for £l2 10s. The hind- some Ch'ff mier to n7'.tch, with glass back and marble top. for £6 10s. Overmantei to match, 458. Lot 593. A Very Pretty Chirpenoale Drawing-room Suite., in rich silk covering, exquiaitelv upholstered, most stylish in design. for £l5 15.; worth £35 'Moorish Chippendale Cabinet to match. f !t• £l5 15s. Overmantel, £4 4s. I 100 Drawing-roons Suites on view, £3 10s to £5O.

1)1Di IPA tit-ROOM

===== 0002601_18960704_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Apartmatts, Surnintb oustl,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
IN B EDRO 0 M_

- GREAT BARGAINS FURNITURE. Lot 913. Bedroom Furniture, handsome, very bold. and of Original des gn, by Doveston, and consists of a very massive wardrobe, containing all modern fitments, with a pair of brilliant plate glass full dress fotding doors. The dressing: table s pedestal, fitted with numer ats drawers and sur- mounted wi:h brilliant siring mirror attached to elegantly- fitted jewel drawers. The washstand is fit ted with Carrara marbl too, also Carrara marble back, as superior to tiles, fitted also with shaving mirror. There is a fine table de nuit also four chairs and to ael airer. The wardrobe is lit 61n.; The tables bit. The suite cost £175; price 65 guineas. Money returned if not satisfactory. The very heavy solid. brass Persian bedstead of this room is a surprise, being un- doubtedly the handsomest tn the Norl,h of England; it is fitted with quadruple wire mattress and quite new hair mat- tress. Puce for the lot, £2B 15s. The bedstead atone cost £5O, VVORSLEY'S, Manchester. Lot 952. A high class solid American walnut bedroom suite, richly and suparbly carved in has relief. This suite is of v, ry superior style and workmanship, and is unique horn the tact that it i- the only one of tha Lind in the world. It contains the usual pieces as in lot 3, but the sizes are 61t. wardr. be and 41t. 6in. dressing table and washstand; the panels are all isilaid in solid American walaut with the finest figured burr walnut ; price £35 worth £7O The brass Persian beds, cad is similar to lot 3. but not so massive; price £l5 compete. WO -SLEY'S, Manchester

TO COUNTRY BUY (RS.—The enormous patron- -1 age enjoyed by Worsley's from customers all over Lancashire, Yorkshiro, Cheshire, The Potteries, all over the North, The Midlands, and Wales, will prove how much is the saving effected by purchasing at Woreley's. In future car- riage will be paid on all orders over £2.0 to any part of Eng- land and Wales. his only fah to say that better value could not be obtained than Worsley's New Gicx,ds. and the Second- hand Furniture simply bewil era and demoralises competi- tion. Never mind what distance.yon live from Manchester. it will pay you to visit os irsley's ; you will save quite 5U pea cent.

Terms of business : Goods packed and delivered free. Cash or by graduated pa: ments. No abatement from advertised bargains. Everythiug absolutely guaranteed. W. H. WO it NY. The Pantheon," G sythorne. Manchester._ City-road cars pass the door, which is quite close to the Central Station. ROURS OF BUSINESS, 9 to? EVERY DAY•

MR. J. E. K. STUDD. HON. SEC. THE POLYTECHNIC YOUNG MENS CHRISTIAN INSTITUTE.-- I have mch pleasure in s ating that (-luring the past few .nonths I have u ed licps Ale as .sdrinic, and have round it very an et-able end refresh- -1 think it ought to supply th need of those whe have hitherto complained tnat th ir ohk ct ion to total abstinence was the absence of a palatable liquid I eincefely wish you, efforts every success."-23rd 1894. Fifteen co!d Nedls awarderi. Two million ti,ttles sold in one week Bittered trom choicest Hops only. Agent : —W. FURNP SS, Rope Stores, Bewsey-street, Warrington. (9)

===== 0002601_18960704_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
2 MCDoTTG A [A,s PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR MAKES THE BEST PASTRY.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS,

WITH the average playwright it is all work and no play. A TALE well told is twice told, but a tale twic% told becomes monotonous.

OF all sorts of embarrassment, that of riches is the most easily overcome.

THE man who always looks before he leaps, never leaps.

KEEP your troubles to yourself; when you tell them you are taking up the time of the man who is waiting to tell you his. IF we could live our lives again, we would no doubt avoid a great many of our mistakes and renlace them by an entirely different assortment. IT is a slow baby that does not know which of its relatives is most easily imposed upon.

GETTING THE BETTER OF ROBERT.—One of the .better order of " bikists " had ventured on the footpath for a short distance—this was in Surrey —to avoid a newlv-macadamised bit of road. Up popped a man in blue. "'Your name and address, please.'' Cyclist gave card containinc, his right name and address. Constable (reading): "'S. J. Smith, 2, Raspberry Crescent, 'Arrow-on-the-'lll.' Go on with you.! I want your proper name and address; we've too many Smiths about here, or I'll run you in." Cyclist (desperately) : "Then, if you must have it, it's William Shakespeare, Stratford-on-Avon." Constable : "Thank you, sir; sorry to have troublsd you." (Proceeds to enter the name and address carefully in his book.) MRS. Trott; "Oh, I 'only went into town on a shopping expedition ! " Mrs. Streete : "Did you? Tell me all about it. Did you have a real good time ? " Mrs. Trott, "Not at all. I found what I wanted in the very first place I went into." Mrs. Streete : "How provoking ! "

FAIR MAIDEN (at the football game, during an exciting mele6) : "Oh, look there—can't Jack- hug just beautifully!" SUGGESTED A SOLUTION.—An ostentatious mem- ber of a certain County Council, whose father is well-known as a retired omnibus-driver, was one day displaying a large seal he usually wears, repre- senting St. George and the Dragon, and while several bystanders were expressing their admira tion of it, its owner remarked, in solemn tones— " Aw, one of my ancestors is—aw—supposed to have killed the dwagon—aw.--don't you know." "Dear me," inquired one of his hearers, who knew something about him, "did he run over it?" ADAM'S NURSE.—A Sunday-school superinten- dent at the close of an address on the Creation, which he felt sure he had kept within the compre- hension of the least scholars, smilingly invited questions. A tiny boy with a white, eager face and large brow, at once held up his hand. "Please, sir, why was Adam never a baby?" The superintendent coughed in some doubt as to what answer to give, but a little girl of nine, the eldest of several brothers and sisters, came promptly to his aid. "Please, sir," she said, smartly, " there was nobody to nuss him ! " CHOLLY Fiveclock ; " Yaas, I twied to learn to play golf last summah, don't y' know, but I gave it up when I got struck on the head with the ball and knocked silly." Miss Quickwit "How sad! And can the doctors do nothing for you "

NOT LIKE THAT. —Here is a story illustrative of the prosaic nature on which art makes no im- pression :—ln Westminster Abbey there is a large marble tablet in memory of a famous bishop. It is a basrelief, representing the bishop—a portrait— in the agony of death, sinking into the arms of an allegorical female figure, presumably intended for the Angel of Death. It is said that an aged couple from the country were being shown round the Abbey, and that, pausing long before the tablet, the old lady remarked to her husband—" That's a good likeness of the bishop, but" (regarding the angelic personage attentively) "it's a very poor one of Mrs. —. I knew her well, and she didn't look like that !"

SMART.—A north-countryman went to a solicitor, laid before him a case in dispute, and then asked him if he would undertake- to win the suit. "Certainly," replied the solicitor, "I will readily undestake the case.. We are sure to win !" "So you really think it is a good case ?" "Un- doubtedly, my dear sir. I am prepared to guarantee you will secure a verdict in your favour." "Very good, sir; I'm much obliged to you, but I slon't think I'll go in for law this time; for, you see, the case I have laid before you is my opponent's ! " WILLING TO ,EXCHANGE.—The pastor bade her proceed.—" Tell me all," he urged, kindly, "I put a button in the contribution box" she faltered. He smiled. "And did your conscience trouble you ? " he asked. The woman raised her eyes earnestly. "No," she answered. "I put in the wrong button and broke a set, and I would like to exchange it, if you please." AT LAST.—The stout party with the eye-glasses gazed with rapture at the rolling, dark-blue waves. "At last," he said, " the dream of my life is realised? I have the glories of the mighty deep before my eyes, the moisture of the salt breeze for the first time on my cheek !" Here he wept. The careless loungers of the sandy shore', recognising the celebrated writer of sea stories, respected his emotion, and stood silent, nor jarred upon his joy with their idle babble.

DIFFERENT.—They were talking about how they happened to marry. "I married- my wife," said one, after the others had all had their say; "be- -cause she was different from any woman I had ever met." "How was that?" chorused the others. "She was the only woman I ever met who would lave me."

PRECEPT AND EXAMPLE. —Scene: A Sunday School. Johnnie: "I say, Miss Jones, I know now why you dial'nt want me to rob birds' nests last, spring." Miss Jones (with an oriole in her hat) : " Why was it Johnnie V' Johnnie (gazing with admiring eyes at the hat) : "'Cause you wanted the birds to grow big enough to wear 'em." A CRISIS.—Under the electric lights the whole room was seen to be in a state of wild disorder. Articles of vertu were strewn over the carpet, mingled with many toilet accessories. Bureau drawers and cupboards were pulled open and their contents hung out. The furniture was dragged out of place and upset, and rugs lay in crumpled heaps. In the midst of this terrible disarray two human beino.s confronted each other; one a woman, the other a mocking, jeering fiend whom the law called her husband. He eves had a strange, hunted look ; her nervous hands pressed hard on her feverish brow. She strove for speech, but it was denied her, while the man still laughed his cruel, triumph- ant laugh. At last, with a stifled groan, she fell swooning on the floor, irrevocably disarranging her stiff shirt-front. She was a new woman, she had lost her collar-button, and she did not know how to swear. TRUE TEST OF NERVE.—" I used to think," said Mr. Gratebar, "when I read of generals calmly dictating despatches amid the carnage and uproar of the battle, what nerve " But now as I try to write a letter here at home, with the two older children in the parlom- playing on the piano, and 'singing with the vigour and voice of youth, the two younger children in the dining-room learning their lessons for the morrow, One times one is one; two times two is two ; three times three is three,' and Did the cat catch the rat? No, the cat did not catch the rat. Why did not the cat catch the rat?" with a carpet-sweeper obbligato by Mrs. Gratebar, and an occasional variation by the two younger children racing through the hall, coupled with a grand instrumental and staccato in the parlour, why I say to myself, No, no; the true test or nerve conies not in the stormier scenes of life, but amid the delightful repose of home.'" NECESSARY PRECAUTION. —A good story is told in connection with the final for the English Cup, decided not long back at the Crystal Palace. Prior to the match, it will be remembered, the Aston Villa and West Bromwich Albion teams were photographed, a proceeding by no means unusual. Among the crowd was a countryman who, apparently, had taken advantage of the cheap -excursion more with a view of exploring the Palace than of witnessing the match. " Wot be they a- takin' theer fort;,,graffs for, I wonder?" he ex- claimed to his neighbour, a youth from Birming- ham. The latter smiied at the ignorance of his questioner, and replied, with the air of one who knows what he is talking about,— "That is a necessary precaution." " Oh, aye," said the countryman, as wise as ever. "You see," added the yokh, "if they didn't take their photographs the committees would never be able to, sort out their own men after a scrummage."

===== 0002601_18960704_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

Some interesting particulars ht,ve been given b:,. a Russian workman fresh from the great strike in Russia, which has attracted so much notice. Of the 30,000 persons on strike, 10,000 are women, and the majority of the 30,000 are textile workers. The " casus belli which produced the strike lay in the circumstances connected with the Czar's corona- tion. The police ordered the workpeople to take three days' holiday, for which the employers stopped the three days' pay. Their workpeople in- sisted upon payment, and when the masters held out they struck work. But the strike immediately broadened ont into other issues, the principal being the reduction of the daily hours of work from 15 to U. For this slavery the men are paid from 15s. to 20s. per week, and the women 108. 61. But what a life of drudgery and starvation. Hours so atrocious and wages so pitifully small justify something more than mere discontent; but 1 understand that in Russia one of the penalties of organising a strike as a protest against so inhuman a lot is a compulsory and protracted visit to Siberia.

I have just seen a private circular issued by the directors of a powerful and highly connected Rho- desian company to their shareholders, stating that they have been assured on the highest authority that it will be utterly impossible to send out from any of the large centres of population a single pros- pector or mining agent for the next twelve months. if they find any white man ta go into the isolated districts to which a man engaged in prospecting operations must go, they will not take the responsi- bility of sending him in face of the chance that he will fall a victim to some band of natives and never return. 1 his circular, I have no doubt, expresses the general feeling of other Rhodesian companies. Another company has also just sent in a large claim against the Chartered Company for the outlay it has incurred in despatching a body of young engineers ptospectors, and clerks to Rhodesia. keeping them there for some time, and finally sending them home again in consequence of the hopeless condition of the country as regards mining work. tither com- panies, I believe, will follow with similar claims. All this is significant of the view taken by men of shrewdness and Experience on the spot, and the facts I have mentioned point to a long and tedious intervtil before the territo:y is restored to a healthy administrative condition.

Nothing is yet known with regard to the con- stitution of the Commission on Old-age Pensions. But there is remarkably iittle curiosity on the sub- ject in the House of Commons. The belief, indeed, appears to be almost universal that the inquiries ot ti e Commission will come to nothing, and it is well ki.own that several leading members of the Govern- ment would be very sorry if they promised to have any result. Sir M. Hicks-Beach, for instance, is credited with the view that any working scheme of old-81.-,,e pensions is impracticable ; and there are certainly a large number of the rank and file of the Unionist party who are prepar,,d to give their opin- ion to any who may ask for it that no bill can possibly be devised which will pass the House of Commons. however, Mr. Chamberlain appears to have insisted on something being done, and he has attained his end. The appointment of the Commis- sion will at least do something to shield the Secre- tary for the Colonies from awkward inquiries dur- ing the recess.

I learn that the leading Liberals in Quebec con- template sending a special delegate to Rome to procure a decision from the Vatican with regard to the exercise of Roman Catholic clerical influence in Canadian political affairs. The friends of Mr. Laurier declare that the conduct of Monsignor lif,fn2he and others of the Roman clergy during the recent electoral campaign renders an appeal to Rome a matter of necessity.

Sir William Harcourt is more popular at present with his party than he wo..s ever before. He stayed in the House on Tuesday morning till half-past eight o'clock, and it is noteworthy that Lady Har- court was a spectator in the ladies' gallery during the hours of the early morning. Lady Frances Bal- four was also in the gallery during the greater por- tion of the night.

The East End is far* from being the only home of the London costermonger. In the district imme- diately south of the Thames his presence is a necessity, inasmuch as he brings to the doors of a teeming population various supplies at a very low price. Next in importance to the street trader himself is the long-suffering animal who accom- panies him in his daily round, and to say that the costermonger seldom fails to treat his coadjutor fairly and even handsomely is to do him no more than justice. At Herne Hill on Tuesday afternoon ocular demonstration was given of these happy relations between master and servant in the sleek and well-fed appearance of 127 donkeys which coirpeted for prizes at a show held in the London County Athletic Grounds. Lord Sudley and his fellow-judgfs had no easy task before them in apportioning rewards, and the successful claimants for the prize of five shillings given for good groom- ing proved to be very numerous. Early in the evening the Duke alighted at the pavilion, where, after due words of commendation had been spoken, the proud costers received the promised coins at the hands of the Queens granddaughter.

The agenda paper for the coming International Labour Congress is a very interestiLg study, as it specifically indicates the principles put forward for discussion by a large number of Labour parties throughout Europe. It enables us thus to see what is uppermost in the thoughts of the European 'workers," to adopt the expression that is fashion- able in Labour circles in these later days; and it is. is fact, a chronicle of the doctrines of the school of the most modern economics. Various Dutch Labour Unions want respectively—first, a clear de- finition of what is comprehended within, and ex- cluded from, the term " political action?' which is recommended in many quarters as the best means of emancipating the workers; second. the abandon- ment of the agitation for en eight. haurs' day on the Ist of May, and substitution for it of an agita- tion in favour of the convert ion of the means of pro- duction and consumption from private into collec- tive proprrty ; third, an international strike by all workers in the countries affected,as a protest against any declaration of war by any Governmen!-.; fotirthly,the organisation Of socialist schoolmasters; fifthly, the legislative reonlation of wages and working hours; and, sixthly, the establishment of an eight hours' day. Coming to Poland and Russia, the Labour party in the former country call for the independence and autonomy of Poland. The Russian Labour party in Poland advocate, first the international solidarity of the worker for the sup- pression of the capitalist, ; and, second, that the sup- pression of Russian absolutism is a cause which concerns the whole working classes of Europe.

The NAVT York "Nation " rnalres a very happy oomment upon Mr. Fort's srticle in last month's " Nineteenth Century." declaring that the real ob- ject. of the Rhodes-Jameson raid was to secure pos- session of documentary evidence at Pretoria of negotiations between the Transvaal and Germanv. " The idea," says the Nation," of Rending 800 troop- ers to s'eal some documents ! One skilled burglar would have been much bet ter,"

Much • comment, with many expressions of dis- satisfaction, has been aroused by the abandonment by the National Liberal club of the dinner to Mr. John Morley fixed for Werinesdav next. I under- stand that this course has been taken on the initia- tive of the gue4 of the evening, end for purely private reasons. Some difficulty as to a chair- man had, however, been experieneel, as Lot/ Car- rington, who was to have presided, found that another important engagement would prevent his a/t end ance.

Notice has been served noon nnmerons tenants of cottage property in Mancncter thit in consequence of the increased rates their vnts will he raised. The Corporation of Liverpool on Wednesday became the owners of the property, richts, powers, and privi- leees of the Liverpool Electri, Sorrily Company,Lialited, the purchase price being £400,000

===== 0002601_18960704_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ROWLAND'S KALYDOR inraluabie for th. Fldn n "ether ; cools and refreshes it ; removes Freckles. Tan t.unburn. Redness, Roughne.s : core and soothes Irritation. Triect fting., Cutaneous Frut tions toduces soft,deli ate skin and a beautifully fair complexion. 13ottles, 2s. 3d. and 4s td.

ROWLANDS' MACASqAI? OTL prevents hair falling off or becnming dry in summer time ; eratiestes scurf ; Rlso in Galen Colour. bottles 3s. 6-1.. 75.. rs 6d. noWLANDS' ODONTO whitens the teeth, prevents decay, sweetens the breath, 2s. 91. Ask Chemists Drugght. or Stores for ROWLANDS' articles, sent post free I,)y A. Pow LAND SG SONS. 20, Hatton Garden, London, on receipt of advertised price inpoatal order.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE XAMINEP, -YOURDAY JULY 4. 1)96

THE HIDDEN HAND;

CAPITOLA. TILE MADCAP. Ms. E. D. E. N. SOUTIIWORTH.

CH A.PTER XLIX: THE AWFUL PERIL OF CAPITOL. Out of this nettle, danger,

I'll pluck the flower, safety ! ”—S HAKEsrEARE

Capitala's blood seemed to turn to ice, and her form to stone at the sight! Her first impulse waq to scream and let fall the waiter! She controlled herself and repressed the scream, though she was very near dropping the waiter. Black Dzinald looked at her and laughed aloud at her consternation, saying with a chuckle: "You did not expect to see me here to-night, did you now, my dear e She gazed at him in a.silent panic for a moment.

Then- her faculties, that had been suddenly dis- persed by the shock, as suddenly rallied to her rescue.

In one moment .she understood her real position..

Black Donald had locked her in with himself, and held the key; so she could not hope to get out:

The loudest ;Cream that she might: utter- would never reach the distant chamber of Major Warfield, or the still more remote apartment of Mrs. Condi- ment; so she could not hope to bring anyone to her assistance.

She was therefore entirely in the power of Black Donald. She fully comprehended this, and said to herself:

"Now, my dear Cap, if you don't look sharp your hoer is come! Nothing on earth will save you, Cap, but your own wits I for if ever I saw mischief in anyone's face, it is in that fellow's that is eating you up with his great eyes at the same time that he is laughing at you with his big mouth! Now, Cap, my little man, be a woman. don't you stick at trifles! Think of Jael and Sisera I Think of Judith and Holofernes 1 And the devil and Ductor Faust, if necessary, and don't you Wench! All stratagems are fair in love and war— especially in war, and most especially in such a war as this is likely to be—a contest in close quarters for dear life I "

All this passed through her miud in one moment, and in the next her plan was formed. Setting her waiter down upon the table, and throwing herself into one of the arm-chairs, she said:

"Well, upon my word, I think a gentleman might let a lady know when he means to pay her a domiciliary visit a midnight 1 " "Upon my word, / think you are very cool 1" replied Black Donald, throwing himself in the second arm-chair on the other side of the stand of refreshments.

"People are likely to be cool on a December tight, wibh the thermometer at zero, and the ground three feet under the snow," said Cap, nothing daunted.

"Capitols, I admire you You are a cucumber. That's what you are, a cucumber." "A pickled one 2" asked Cap. " Yes! and as pickled cucumbers are good to give one an appetite, I think I shalt fall to and eat." "Do so," said Cap, "for Heaven forbid that I should fail in hospitality." "Why, really, this looks as though you had ex- pected a visitor—doesn't it 7 ' asked Biack Donald, helping himself to a huge slice of ham, and stretch- ing his feet out towards the fire. "Well, yes, rather; though, to say the truth, it was not your reverence I expected," said Cap. "An 1 somebody else's reverence, eh? Well, let them come 1 I'll be ready for them 1" said the out- law, pouring eat and quaffing a large glass of brandy. He drank it, set down the glass, and turning to our little heroine, inquired: " Capitola, did you ever have Craven Le Noir here to supper with you ? " "You insult me! I scorn to reply "said Cap.

" Whe-ew ! what long whiskers our Grimaliiin's got You scorn to reply I Then you really are not afraid of me I" asked the robber, rolling a great piece of cheese in his month. "Afraid of you I—No, I guess not," replied Cap, with a toss of her head.

"Yet, I might do you some harm." "Bat you won't." "Wby won't I." "Because it won't pay." • "Why won't it 7" "Because you couldn't do me any harm, unless you were to kill me, and you would gain nothing by my death, except a few trinkets that you may have without."

"Then, you are really not afraid of me 7" he asked, taking another deep draught of brandy." "Not a bit of it—l rather like you." " Come, now, you're running a rig upon a fellow," said the outlaw, wiLking, and depositing a huge chunk of bread in his capacious jaws.

"No, indeed! I liked-you long before I saw you 1 always did like people that made other people's hair stand on end Don't you remember when you first came here disguised as a peddler, though I did not know who you were, when we were talking of Black Donald, and everybody was abusing him, except myself, I took his part, and said that, for my part, I liked Black Donald, and wanted to see him ?"

"Sure enough, my jewel, so you did and didn't I bravely risk my life, by throwing off my disguise, to gratiff your laudable wish 2"

• "So you did, my hero!" "Ah, but, well as you liked me, the moment you thought me in your power, did'nt you leap upon my shoulders like a catamount, and cling there, shout- ing to all the world to come and help you, for that you had caught Black Donald, and would die, before you would give him up? Ali! you little vampire, how you thirsted for my blood! And you pretended to like me 1" said Black Donald, eyeing her from head to foot, with a sly leer. Cap returned the look with interest. Dropping her head on one side, she glanced upwards, from the corner of her eye, with an expression of "infinite" humour, mischief and roguery, saying: "Lor didn't you knew why I did that ? " "Because you wanted me captured, I suppose." "No, indeed, but, because--" "Well, what I" "Because—l wanted you to carry me off ! " "Well, I declare, I never thought of that!" said the outlaw, dropping his bread and cheese, and staring at the young girl. "Well, you might have thought of it., then! I was tired of hum-drum life, and I wanted to see adven- tures 1" said Cap. Black Donald looked at the mad girl from head to foot, and then said, coolly: "Miss Black, I am afraid you are not good." "Yes I am—before folks!" said Cap. " And so you really wished me to carry you off." "I should think so! didn't I stick to you until you dropped me ?"

" CerEkiinly ; and now if you really like me as well as you say you do, come give me a kiss." "I won't" said Cap, "until you have done your supper and washed your face. Your beard is full of crumbs!"

"Very well, I can wait awhile; meantime just brew me a bowl of egg-nog, by way of a night-cap, will you " said the outlaw, drawing off his boots and sttetching his legs to the fire. _ . .

"Agreed; but it —takes two to make egg-nog; you'll nave to whisk up the whites of the eggs into a froth, while I beat the yellows, and mix the other Ingredients," said Cap. "Just so," assented the outlaw, standing up and taking off his coat, and flinging it upon the floor. Cap shuddered, but went on calmly with her preparations. There were two little white bowls sitting one within the other upon the table. Cap took them apart and set them side by side and began to break the eggs, letting the white slip into one bowl and dropping the yellow into the other. Black Duaald sat down in his shirt-sleeves, took one of the bowls from Capitola and began to whisk ap the whites with all his might and main. Capitola beat up the yellows, gradually mixing the sugar with it. In the course of her work she complained that the heat of the fire scorched her face, and she drew her chair farther towards the corner of the chimney, and pulled the stand after her. "Oh! you are trying to get away from me," said Black Donald, hitching his own chair in the same direction, close to the stand, so that he sat imme- diately in front of the fireplace. Cap smiled, and went on beating her eggs and sugar together. Then she stirred in the brandv and poured in the milk, and took the howl from Black Donald, and laid on the foam. Finally, she filled a goblet with the rich compound and handed it to her uncanny' guest. Black Donald untied his neck cloth, threw it upon the floor, and sipped his egg-nog, all the while looking over the tqp of the glass at Capit ola. "Miss Black," he said, "It must be past twelve o'clock."

_ " I buppose it is," said Cap. "Then, it must be long past your mud hour a retiring." "01 course it is," said Cap. "Then what are you waiting for?" "For my company to go borne," replied Cap. "Meaning me 2."

"Meanink" you." "Oh, don't mind me, my dear." "Very well," 'aid Can, "I shall not trouble myself about you," and her tones were steady though her heart seemed turned into a ball of ice through terror. Black Donald went on slowly sipping his egg-nog, filling up his goblet when it was empty, and looked at Capitola over the top of his glass. At last he said: "I have been watching you, Miss Black." "Little need to tell me that," said Cap. "And I have been reading you." " Well, I hope the page was entertaining. "Well—yes, my dear, it was, rather so. But why don't you proceed?" "Pi oceed—with what ? " "With what you are thinking or, my darling." "I don't understand you." "Why don't you offer to go down stairs and bring up some lemons?" "Oh, I'll go in a moment," said "Cap, if you wish."

"Ha—ha—ha—ha—ha! Of course you will, my darling and you'd deliver me into the hands of the Philistines, just as you did my poor men when you fooled them about the victuals! I know your tricks, and all your acting has no other effect on me than to make me admire your wonderful coolness and courage; so, my dear, stop puzzling your little head with schemes to baffle me. You are like the caged star- ling You—can't get out!" chuckled Black Donald, hitching his chair nearer to hers. He was now right upon the centre of the rug. Capitola turned very pale, but not with fear, though Black Donald thought she did, and roared with laughter. "Have you done your supper ? " she asked, with a sort of awful calmness.

"Yes, my duck," replied the outlaw, pouring the last of the egg-nog into his goblet, drinking it at a draught, and chuckling as he set down the glass. Capitola then lifted the stand with the refresh- ments to remove it to its usual place. "What are you going to do, my dear 7" asked Black Donald. "Clear away the things and set the room in order," said Capitols, in the same awfully calm tone. "A nice little housewife you'll make, my duck!" said Black Donald.

Capitola set the stand in its corner, and then re- moved her own arm-chair to its place before the dressing-bureau. Nothing now remained upon the rug except Black Donald seated in the arm-chair.

Capitola paused; her blood seemed freezing in her veins; her heart beat thickly; her threat was choked; her head full nearly to bursting, and her eyes were veiled by a blinding film. "Come, come, my duck—make haste; it is late; haven't you done setting the room in order yet ? " said Black Donald, impatiently. "In one moment," said Capitola, coming behind his chair and leaning upon the back of it. "Donald," she said, with dreadful calmness, "I will not call you Black Donald I I will call you as your poor mother did, when your young soul was as white as your skin, before she ever dreamed her boy would grow black with crime. I will call you simply Donald, and entreat you to hear me for a few minutes." "Talk on, then, but talk fast, and leave my mother alone. Let the dead rest!" exclaimed the outlaw, with a violent convulsion of his bearded chin and lip that did not escape the notice of Capitola, who hoped some good of this betrayal of feeling. "Donald," she said, "men call you a man of blood; they say that your hand is red and your soul black with crime." "They may say what they like; I care not," laughed the outlaw. "Bat /do not believe all this of you. I believe that there is good in all, and much good in you; that there is hope for all, and strong hope for you." "Bosh! stop talking poetry! 'Taint in my line, nor yours either I" laughed Black Donald. "But truth is in all our lines. Donald! I repeat It, men call you a man of blood! They say that your hands are red and your soul black with sin. Mack Donald they call you! Bat, Donald, you have never yet stained your soul with a crime as -black as that which you think of perpetrating to- night I" "It must be near one o'clock, and I'm tired," replied the outlaw, with a yawn. "All your former acts," continued Capitola, in the same voice of awful calmness, "have been those of a bold, bad man! this act would be that of a base one 1" "Take care, girl! no bad names! You are in my power ! at my mercy ! "I know ray position; but I must continue. Hitherto you have robbed mail-coaches and broken

into rich men's houses. In doing thus, you have always boldly risked your life, often at such fearful • odds that men have trembled at their firesides to Lear of it. And even women, while deploring your crimes, have admired your courage." "I thank 'era kindly for it. Women always like men with a spice of the devil in them," laughed the outlaw. "No, they do not,' said Capitola, gravely; "they like men of strength, courage, and spirit—but those qualities do not come from the Evil One, but from the Lord, who is the giver of all good. Your Creator, Donald, gave you the strength, courage, and spirit that all men and women so much admire; but he did not give you these great powers that you might use them in the service of his,enemy, the devil." "1 declare there is really something in that—l nevet thought of that before." "Nor ever thought, perhaps, that however mis- guided you may have been, there is really something great and goof,' in yourself that might yet be used for the good of man and the glory of God," said Capitola, solemnly. "Ha-ha-ha I Oh, you flatterer. Come—have you done? I tell you it is after one o'clock, and lam tired to death." "Donald, in all your former acts of lawlessness your antagonists were strong men; and as you boldly risked your life in your depredations, your acts, though bad, were not base. But now your antagonist is a feeble girl, who has been unfortu- nate from her very birth—to destroy her would be an act of baseness to which you never yet descended." "Bosh 1 who talks of destruction? lam tired of all this nonsense. I mean to carry you off, and there's an end of it," said the outlaw, doggedly rising from his seat.

" 8-ToP I " said Capitola, turning ashen pale "stop, sit down and hear me for just five minutes; I will, not tax your patience longer." The robber, with a loud laugh, sank again into his chair, saying "Very well; talk on for just five minutes and not a singio second longer; hut if you think in that time to persuade me to leave this room to-night without you, you am widely out of your reaming, my duck, that's all." "Donald, do you sink your soul to perdition by a

crime that Heaven cannot pardon. Listen to me; I have jewels here worth several thousand dollars. If you will consent to go, I will give them all to you, and let you quietly out of the front door, and never say one word to mortal of what passed here to-night." " Ha-ha-ha I why, my dear, how green you must tiaink me! What hinders me from posiessing myself of your jewels as well as yourself ?" said Black Donald, impatiently rising. "SIT STILL! the five minutes' grace are not half out yet l'' said Capitola, in a breathless voice. "So they are not I will keep my promise," replied Black Donald—laughing, and again dropping into his seat. _

" Danald, uncle pays me a quarterly sum for pocket money, which is at least live timei as much as I can spend in this quiet country place. It has been accumulating for years until now I have several thousand dollars all of my own. You•shall have it if you will only go quietly away and leave me in peace!" prayed Capitols. "My near, I intend to take that anyhow take it as your bridal dower, you know. Nor I'm going to carry you off and make an honest wife of you 1" "Donald, give up this heinous purpose I" cried Capitola, in an agony of supplication, as she leant over the back of the outlaw's chair. "Yes, you know I will! ha—ha—ha 1" laughed the robber. "Mar!, for your own sake give it up!" . _

, "Ha-ha-ha for my sake I;" "Yes, for yours! Black Donald. have you ever reflected on death ?" asked Capitola, in a low and terrible voice.

".1 have risked it often enough; but as to reflect- ing upon it, it will be time enough to do that when it comes. I am a powerful man, in the prime and pride of life," said the athlete, stretching himself exultingly. "Yet it might come I death, might come with sudden, overwhelming power and hurl you to destruction. What a terrible thing for this mag- nificent frame of yours, this glorious handiwork of ' the Creator, to be hurled to. swift destruction,

and for the soul that animates it to be cast into hell 1"

"Bosh, again that is a subject for the pulpit, not for a pretty girl's room. If you really think me such a handsome man, why don't you go with me at once and say no more about it," roared the Tt- law, laughing. "Black Donald—WlLL you leave my room I" cried Capitola, in an agony of prayer. "No," answered the outlaw, mocking her tone.

, "Is there no inducement that I can- hold out to you to leave me?"

"NONE 1"

Capitola raised herself from her leaning posture, took a step backward so that she stood entirely free from the trap-door; then slipping her foot under the rug, she placed it lightly on the spring-bolt which she was careful not to press; the ample fall of her dress concealed the position of her foot. Capitola was now paler than a corpse, for hers was the pallor of a living horror! Her heart beat violently, her head throbbed, her voice was broken as she said :

" Man, I will give you one more chance. Oh, man, pity yourself as I pity you, and consent to leave me."

" Ha-ha-ha ! it is quite likely that I will! isn't it now. No, my duck! I haven't watched and planned for this chance for this long time past to give it up now that you are in my power. A likely story, indeed! And now the five minutes' grace are quite up." "STOP! don't move yet before you stir say, 'Lord have mercy on me " said Capitola, solemnly, "Ha-ha-ha: that's a pretty ideal why should I say that?" "Say it to please me! only say it, Black Donald ! "

"But why to please you " "Because I wish not to kill both your body and soul! because I would not send you prayerless into the presence of your Creator! for, Black Donald, within a few seconds your body will be hurled to swift destruction, and your soul will stand before the bar of God "said Capitola, with her foot upon the spring of the concealed trap. She had scarcely ceased speaking before he bounded to his feet, whirled around, and confronted her, like a lion at bay, roaring forth: "You have a revolver there, girl! move a finger* and I shall throw myself on you like an avalanche 1 "

"I have no revolver! watch my hands as I take them forth and see I " said Capitola, stretching her arms out towards him.

"What do you mean, then, by your talk of sudden destruction " inquired Black Donald, in a voice of thunder.

"I mean that it hangs over you! that it is imminent! that it is not to be escaped! Oh, man, call on God, for you have not a minute to live!"

The outlaw gazed on her in astonishment. Well he might, for there she stood, paler than marb:e ! sterner than fate! with no look of human feeling about her but the gleaming light of her terrible eyes, and the beading sweat upon her death- like brow.

For an instant the outlaw gazed on her in con- sternation, and then recovering himself, he burst into a loud laugh, exclaiming:

" Ha-ha-ha 1- Well, I supp-ose this is what people would call a piece of splendid acting. Do not expect to frighten me, my dear, as you did Craven Le Noir, with the peas!" "Say—'Lord have mercy on my soul,' say it Black Donald, say it, 1 beseech you 1" she prayed. "Ha-ha-ha, my dear! you may say it for me! and to reward you, I will give you—such a kiss! it will put life into those marble cheeks of yours!" he laughed. - -

"-I will say it for you! May the Lord pity and save Black Donald's soul, if that be yet possible, for the Saviour's sake!" prayed Capitola, in a broken voice, with her foot upon the concealed and fatal spring. He laughed aloud, and stretched forth his arms to clasp her.

She pressed the spring. The drop fell with a tremendous crash

The ouilaw shot downwards! There was an Instant's vision of a white and panic-stricken face, and wild uplifted hands as he disappeared, and then a square, black opening was all that remained where the terrible intruaer had sat.

No sight or sound came up from that horrible pi to hint of the secrets of the prison house. One shuddering glance at the awful void, and then Oipitola turned and threw herself, face down- wards, upon the bed, not daring to rejoice in the safety that had been purchased by such a dreadful deed, feeling that it was an awful, though a com- vlete victory!

CHAPTER L. THE NEXT MORNING. "Oh, such a day So fought, so followed and so fairly won Came not till now to dignify the times, _

Since Csar'a fort-une;."—SHAKE'srEARE.

Capitola lay upoo the bed, with her Luxe buried in the pillow, the greater portion of the time from two o'clock until day. An uncontrollable horror prevented her from turning lest she should see the yawning mystery in the middle of the floor, or hear some awful sound from its unknown depths. The very shadows on the walls thrown up wildly by the expiring firelight, were objects of grotesque terror. Never, never, in the whole youth of stnnge vicis- situde, had the nerves of this brave girl been so tremendously shaken and prostrat ed. It was late in the morning when at last nature sticcumbed, and she sank into a deep sleep. She had not slept long when she was aroused from a pro- found state of insensibility by a loud, impatient knocking at her door.

. -- She started up wildly and gazed around her. For a.minute she could not remember what were the circumstances under which she had lain down, or what was that vague feeling of horror and alarm that possessed her. Then the yawning trap-door, the remnants of the supper, and Black Donald's coat, hat and boots upon the floor, drove in upon her reeiing brain the memory of the night of terror! The knocking continued more loudly and impa- tiently, accompanied by the voice of Mrs. Condi- ment, crying: "Miss Capitola! Miss Capitola! why, what can be the matter with her 7—Miss Capitola I" "Eh! what? yes!" answered Capitols, pressing her hands to her feverish forehead, and putting back her dishevelled hair. Why, bow soundly you sleep, my dear! I've been calling and rapping here for a quarter of an hour Good gracious, child, what made you over- sleep yorrselr 60 T' "I—did not get to bed till very late," said Capitola, confusedly. " Well, well, my deer, make haste now, your uncle is none of the petientest, aid he has been waiting breakfast for some time ! Come, open the door and I will help you to dress, SO that you may be ready sooner." Capitola rose from the side of the bed, where she had been sitting, and went mound that gaping trap-door to her chamber-door, when she missed the key, and suddenly remembered that it had, been in Black Donald's pocket when he fell. A shudder thrilled through her frame as she thought of that teirible fall. "Well, well, Miss Capitola, why don't you open the door?" cried the old lady, impatiently. " Mrs. Condiment, I have lost the key—dropped it down the trap-door. Please ask ueele to send for some one to take the lock off—and don'te,vait break- fast for me." "Well, I do think that was very careless, my dear; but I'll go at once," said the old lady, moving away. She had not gone more than ten minutes, when Old Hurricane was heard, coming blustering along the hall, and : "What now, you imp of Satan? What mischief have you been at now? Opening the trap-door, you mischievous monkey I wish from the bottom of my seul you had fallen into it, and I should have got rid of one trial! Losing your key, you careless baggage! I've a great mind to leave you locked up there for ever." Thus scolding, Old Hurricane reached the spot, and began to ply screw-drivers and chisels until at length the strong lock yielded, and he opened the door. There a vision met his eyes that arrested his steps upon the very threshold; the remains of a bacchanalian supper; a man's coat and hat and boots upon the floor; in the midst of the room the great, square, back opening; and beyond it, stand- ing upon the hearth, the form of Capito:a, with disordered dress, dishevelled hair, and wild aspect. "Oh, uncle, see what I have been obliged to do 1" she exclaimed, extending both her arms down towards the opening with a look of blended horror and inspiration, such as might have sat upon the countenance of some sacrificial priestess of the olden time.

" What—what—what 1" cried the old man, nearly dumb with amazement.

, "Black Donald will; in my room last night; he stole from his concealment and locked the door on _the. inside, and withdrew the key_, thus lock*: We 111111,,1 d both hands to her face shuddering from head to loot.

ON, GIRL 1" thundered Old Hurricane, in an agony of anxiety. —" I escaped harmless ! oh, I did, sir, but at what a fearful price. 7' Explain Explain I" cried Old Hurricane, in breathless agitation.

"I drew him to sit upon a chair on the rug, and—" again she shuddered from head to foot—" and I sprung the trap and precipitated him to—oh, Heaven of Heavens 1 where.:? I know not !" "But you—you were unharmed 2" "Yes, yes I" "Oh, Cap! Oh, my dear Car! Thank Heaven for that !"

"But, uncle, where—oh, where did he go 7" in- quired Cl.pitola, almost wildly. "Who the demon cares? To perdition, 'I hope and trust, with all my heart and soul 1" cried Old Hurricane, with emphasis, as he approached and looked down the opening. "Uncle, what is below there ?" asked Capitola, anxiously pointing down the abyss. "An old cellar, as I have told you, and Black Donald, as you have just told me. HILLO THERE! are you killed, as you deserve to be, you atrocious villain ?" roared Old Hurricane, stooping down into the opening. A feeble, distant moan answered him. Oh, heaven ! he is living! he is living! I have not killed him F' cried Capitola, clasping her hands. "Why, I do believe you are glad of it 1" ex- claimed Old Hurricane, in astonishment.

" Oh, yes, yes, yes! for it was a fearful thought that I had been compelled to take a sacred life I " to send an immortal soul unprepared to its account I" _

"Well! his neck isn't broken, it appears, or he couldn't groan; but I hope and trust that every other bone in his body is Mrs. Condiment, mum! I'll trouble you to put on your bonnet and walk over to Ezy's and tell him to come here directly I must send for the constable," said Old Hurricane, going to the door and speaking to his housekeeper, who, with an appalled countenance, had been a silent spectator of all that had passed. As soon as the old woman had gone to do her errand he turned again, and stooping down the hole, exclaimed:

"I say, you scoundrel down there! What do you think of yourself now? Are you much hurt, you knave? Is every one of your bones broken, as they deserve to be, you villain? Answer me, you varlet 1" A low, deep moan was the only response, "If that means yes, I'm glad to hear it, you wretch. You'll go to the camp-meeting with us again, won't you, you knave! You'll preach against evil passions and profane swearing, looking right straight at me all the time, until you bring the eyes of the whole congregation upon me as a sinner above all sinners, you scoundrel 7 You'll turn me out of my own bed and away from my own board, won't you, you villain? Won't you, precious Father Gray? Oh, we'll Father Gray you I Demmy, the next time a trap-door falls under you, you rascal, there shall be a rope round your neck to keep you from the ground, pr cious Father Gray 1" "Uncle! Uncle that is cowardly 1" exclaimed Oaptola. "What is cowardly, Miss Impertinence?"

"To insult and ainit.e a fallen man who is in your power! The poor man is badly hurt, may be dying, for aught you know, and you stand over him and berate him when he cannot even answer you " llmph, umph, umph ; demmy, you're—umph, well, he is fallen, fallen pretty baaly, eh? and if he should come around after this, the next fall he gets will be like to break his neck, eh ?—I say, you gentleman below there Mr. Black Donald precious Father Gray—you'll keep quiet, won't you, while we go and get our hreakfast ? Do, now! Come, Cap, come down and pour out my coffee, and by the time we get through, old Ezy will be here."

- . Cantola complied, and they left the room together. The overseer came in while they were at breakfast, and with his hair standing on end, listened to the account of the capture of the outlaw by our heroine. "And now saddle Fleetfoot and ride for your life to Tip Top and bring a pair of constables," were the last orders of Old Hurricane.

While Mr. Ezy was gone on his errand, Major Warfield, Capitola. and Mrs. Condiment remained below stairs. - -

It was several hours before the messenger returned with the constables, and with several neighbours whom interest and curiosity had insti- gated to join the party. As soon as they arrived, a long ladder was pro- cured and carried up into Capitola's chamber, and let down through the trap door. Fortunately it was long enough, for when the foot of the ladder found the floor of the cellar, the head rested securely against the edge of the opening. In a moment the two constables began singly to descend, the foremost one carrying a lighted candle in his hand.

The remaining members of the party, consisting of Major Warfield, Capitola, Mrs. Condiment, and some half dozm neighbours, remained gathered around the open trap-door, waiting, watching, and listening for what might next happen. Presently one of the constables called oat: "Major Warfield, sir! "Well I " replied Old Hurricane. "He's a-breathing still, sir; but seems badly hurt, and may be a-dying, seeing as he's nnsensible and unspeakable. What shall we do along of him 2"

"Bring him up t let's have a look at the fellow, at any rate I" exclaimed Old Hurricane, peremp- torily. _ _

":Just so, sir but some of the gem-men up there'll have to come down on the ladder and give a lift. He's dead weight now, I tell your honour!"

Several of the neighbours immediatelyvolunteered for the service, and two of the strongest descended the ladder to lend their aid.

On attempting to move the injured man he uttered a cry of pain, and fainted, and then it took the united strength and skill of four strong men to raise the huge insensible form of the athlete, and get him up the ladder. No doubt the motion greatly inflamed his inward wounds, but that could not be helped. They got him up at last, and laid out upon the floor, a ghastly, bleed- ing, insensible form, around which every one gathered to gaze. While they were all looking upon him as upon a slaughtered wild beast, Capi- tola alone felt compassion. "Uncle, he is quite crushed by his fall. Make- the men lay him upon the bed. Never think of me; I shall never occupy this room again;, its associations are too full of horrors. There, uncle, make them at once lay him upon the bed." "I think the young lady is right, unless we mean to let the fellow die," said one of the neighbours. Very well! I have particular reasons of my own for wishing that the man's life should be spared until he could be brought to trial and Induced to give up his accomplices," said Old Hurricane. Then turning to his ward, he said : "Come along, Capital. Mrs, Condiment will see that your effects are transferred to another apartment." "And you, friends.," he continued, addressing the men present, "be so good, so soon as we have gone. as to undress that fellow and put him to bed, and examine his injuries while I send off for a physician ' - for I consider it Ix ry, important that his life should be spared suffiaiently long te enable him to give up his accomplices." And so sayi,g, old Hurricane drew the arm of Capitola within his own and left the room.

It was noon before the physician arrived. When he had examined the patient, he pronounced him utterly unfit to be removed, as besides other serious contusions zind bruises, his legs were broken and several of his ribs fractured.

In a word, it was several weeks before the strong constitution of the outlaw prevailed over his many injuries, and he was pronounced well enough to be taken before a magistrate and committed to prison to wait his trial. Alas I his life, it was said, was forfeit by an hundred crimes, and there could be no doubt as to his fate. He maintained a self- possessed, good-humoured, and laughingly defiant manner, and when asked to give up his accomplices, he answered gaily: "That treachery was a legal virtue which outlaws could not be expected to know anything about." Capitola was everywhere landed for her brave part in the capture of the famous desperado. But Cap was too sincerely sorry for Black Donald to care for the applause. (to be continued).

===== 0002601_18960704_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
CARL)

I(NOWN as Rev. Joseph Holmes' Mexican Pretcription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those wha suffer from nervous weakr,ess, exhamted vitality- kidney or bladder diseases, gravel, prostate, spina; weak- ness, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test for twenty years. Send a self-addressed starstpt,d nvelope to Jos. HoLmEs' Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Man eions, Bloomsbury Square, London, and get full parlAculars of this great specific free of eharge. Mention wh.ethar for , male or female, 13:ware:of fraud.tleiat imitators,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
• 14,„. , . tir ao

ts.„„l,,v-i*l

4--- ( CYCLES for Larlies and irms, 1593 Lists cf nee ,_.1...,--- Second hanl Cyolei. Psi' ivriv,,:,!.,ll.44lpAzqktiatr7lFAlD- T.1.1E B.1"1:1‘311 CY2.l,t; M:114 UFA° WIZINa CG. 45, Evert ?,u Ito ,d. Uverpoll. -,

HAR ROP BASSIN ME& HAR IMP'S' BASSIN ETT HAR. R FS BASS I N EVES. 122, BRIDGE ST° 499 - Si' I ME 1 921 BRE DG Srfts° END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. EN D GI? SEASON SAIS

60 P. This is a Bola-fi,le Cl E INCE SALE; of about I,lf. Class B.,ssinetts, now off ere..l under cos:. price Wc COiviE EARLY AND CllOOsE. FIRST COMERS BEST BA.RGAINS• HA tiROP'..3,

122. BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

lIIGH-CLASS

TAILORING.

T N

TANCIIES,TER .1 A !LORING OP • (:)LOT ING DEPOt & 10, HORSE AI AIZ no' 'WARRINGTON.

ft AVE NOW :REATH for the inspection °el numerous Customers, a larger collection 0,0 NEW SPRING G 00D5...

NOTWITHSTANDING THE GREAT ADVA.,I:I4Ic, IN EC OF WOOL (PUr,LY 10 PER CPcl THE M. 0.). HAVE BEEN ABLE TO LARGE CON CRACP OEDE iS AT OLD PRI.

This advantage being off-Ted tn all parch'. A SAVING OF 10 PE Cd May be effected by entrusting orders W CLOTHING, EARLY with the Ai,Cir).

THE M.O.D. will forward, on reeelp!-, of n Card, their

LATEST PATTERN 1300 L CONTAINING OV E R 400 NEW SAM ?L .-,PRING AND SUMMER.

ONE OP THEIR AS -ISTANTS WILL ALSO FOR THE PURPOStu OP MEASURING A ORDERS EOU ANY CLASS OF GARlika" REWIRED.

ALL CLOTHES A HE ThOROUGULN SllOl GARMENTS WELL MADE AND Ti PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY vALUS. GOODS MADE TO ORDO

At tte following prices, 01 CANNOT BE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTI3O

LIVERPOOL.

0

s cr •—•

..IX '' HO 3 ''' ,3'

—, , _-_, 0 c 5 gl) p. `C ca „g: ;

===== 0002601_18960704_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CZ C.O C:)

c: C''

===== 0002601_18960704_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
zo,--, ...,/ *

===== 0002601_18960704_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CZ CZ,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i•••"

===== 0002601_18960704_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAGUE OF Lir

A " Litt' e Cough," THE RUIN OH HEALTH

I, O. A " Little Coo,, THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Coug,, Li Which may be CURED now by the IMMEOIO' HALL' .; L 0°( LUNGxt,ESTOR ER FOR IN _ Re_iste. est I)F _V 0,0, LUNG ANDc o Ilti Lrlb., AC,lll:i,rs rile: 0 ANP 1'54 RESTORER Never Fails. It POSSESSEs.,'„IO itt LUNG to SOOTHE, RESTORER HEAL. which ex' other prepiratiO' 0 LUNG ESTORER. HS FOR COUG COY p , g T _l_t Never Fail Es. It NEVER F. 1.1,41P.1, ' LUNG IN frsTANT It' .t nOSS RESTORER. THE FIRST IS A Soool"Ctir ' 1-e"G LUDE TO, T-11-4 gge . 4 RESTORER. INDUCES SL , e 51,14 6 Cairn fled fetr 4P:, JUNG 00,4,' ..d !.,ESTORER Never Fails. LUNG DmLOA:u:DrAH, NN: siio.7l. or IP Iti ' ESTO rtRER. Fo W , JUNG IT ACT HOOF,IsS:CO4O S LTl' ft., -J RESTORER Children' o _al Neve: Fails. HALL'S -• 01. ry ot ONE 1020' yxLvil T UNG RESIORER przoini:i 1411.05/3 4ofsii; Li Registered ES.TAIIIIS— GIVES INSTANT NEVER VA- OP RELIEF. FAILS. t OA OS - tio'VO EXTRACT PROM LETTER OF WITN Mrs M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls. To Mr. THOMASHALL.-"DEAR Siti•--1 f Y°131,1 testify to.abegreat beneftt sieriveci from the 11,5:' 1 0'4,4 dir RESTOWER, which I have given to se,_ve:ere 111,,1,c1 Home—in two eases particularly its effeci3,ll ho r (/ hayinx cured most obst in ite Coughs. 1 51'' recommend it to all my friends. mittle ;A tAti CAUIION.—When you ask, ask for LUNG RESTORER, d n' t be Fur via ,• ed else. Upon the outside wrapper of everjr.).4o3 - appears my Trade Mark (the figure of 05. elli Beware of fraudulent imitations and in 6, novall , Ti 61,1 i . Sold by Chemists and Stores everYwrefiettl Pl./ is. 10. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any (II ,sf ir.o'oo ing, it will be sent e.arriage paid, on re leiPb "vieig) amount,frorn THOMAS HALL, 24. Queea , London.

,/

===== 0002601_18960704_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
l"""

===== 0002601_18960704_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
l••L ...4 C.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-i

===== 0002601_18960704_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18960704_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
L

ils`i°ll'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, tilehain-street .(next to the Acelphi Bank). tiPlkhz• Manchester. ting opg Drawinc,room lot. in perfect condition, con- n had i s me -uite, just been re-covered n one of Pkteh. c' hion,ble -coverings • the charming CAbinet to °ZeIY Over' antel, two.T.o) ea. Carpets and Rug, to:it tip n''d Fire Press s, all compete and ready for fit- - 24- • A superior drawing•room well worth £si,delivered A ritnas. CHARGR FOR CiIEDIT FIVE PER CENT 1-1 POI{ PROMPT CASH. 4tIN ON, 44 THE UN IV ERSAL FURNISH- - ~; CONTRACTOR, 44, Oldham-et., next -to the Manchester. 1/F.! ONE of the ABOVE ADDRESSES. 1:415i,v,,,5-"tarkablv .handsome Solid Walnut Bedroom Suite. ,ZrrcWlg of full 6ft. wardrobe with 'two robing bevelled Zttioar",le,ehing from plvidir to co-nice, fitted with drawers, ti and hanging .comp rtments; magnificent pedes- .N table. fitted with eight drawers in the pedestals .74 ,-Vgb bevett,d lass attmchel support-d by carved brac- N,: size pedesi al washstand &tee.' with cupboards in kir eci stals ; bedside edestal with napkin drawer, t wel itizt;,arti three charming ilpho'stered ckairs. The suite is .ktailteed solid Ihr.ughuut. Well worth £5O; packed. war- aid delivered for 24 guineas. No extra charge for 4zilt, five per cent. allowed for prompt cash. Gershon, ,kii've-sa Furl ishing Contractor 44. Oloham-street, next to ti&li Bank, Manchester. -.1-10N ALLOWS FIVE PER CENT DISCOUNT ,F PROMP t CASH.

113 \I B FIR of Bedroom Stiitec,i juatst BluirkZVanlnentw' a hotel, in solid American e 14_01,,. linglish Ash. tseith„,oll"leat, olive Woad, Bird's lass door. bevelled:; lt,Dertor 3risrus, and tiler woodiaj.ye. Each suite includes R.', -ate,...'"ine t-,',7lrobe well -fitt ed and p g some enclosed, --t„e 0-aae with beveled glass attached, mirror,; 12 ..a,si te,-,,,,-„ and some wit h s,de re fleet ors ; • double washstand '-s•uski -`lla slab 'tile back, and bevelled shaving _ 16, le emeePbosrel ' chairs and owel airer ; the Ito exstuite prices.are Id 9. kaeh ' '4..10 and '8 guine s :the suite. packed and delivered. B unite double. Fine percent. for prompt cash. 011ie ra for credit C.ll and inspe4 them. GERSHON,. ti.„„ ersal Furnishing Contractor, 0' Oldham-atieet, next :to: ',Adelphi Bank. Manchester. . ----- q,RAND B ARG AIN IN INING-ItOOlf SUITE. 411. —All the wo d work ii-;) guaranteed solid, Spring _ied, covere:l in dark grain -le it her, till in perfect ''.,,:n; the covering is new; Proe packed and delivered, 14,,.•Gs 6d. ctormin ! Suite, in saddle bags, all new ?ever- a2letztril stroll!, tolid frames.; grand b trgain- ral :sideboards, in various woods at marvellously: low for 5 guineas. with bevelled glass backs • from £4 lOs to E-90. Dining ii;`Nuies, all sizes and all woods' • from 245. Second-hand rrrh.ets, Rugs, R 2a4th, g Fenders an every requ• site for complete irte. at GERaHON'S. the UNIVERSAL FUPTISH- CONTRACTOR. 44, °LOH 's let -sTitlitleT, next to the Adelithi Pank, MANCHESTER. ALL ARE INVITED .1 0 WALK THROUGH. , gU L T 0 F U N II AP PT MARRIAGE'. , 14,0 blvoltoii PROCEEDINGS, &C . perhaps the most listaLthble opportunity ever off Ired to.those about furnishing teg,"'Q Ayie ia the present. The furnishing in question has /tloZttoved from a very lee ge house in the vicinity of Ply- tgoeth 4r°ve, and everything was made to order only 14 "1ta1.,.,' ago by one of the best houses in the city. The prices 1,411 !on trite ale exactly one-half the cost. Nothing like a fulldes- chit be given. Inspeetion ie invited. Firstly, the %di' furnished with a grand dark mahogany Louis Stand . h '4l'' Chairs to match :Twice 9 guineas. The dining-room tlafeaa- telid black walnut of magnificent ant uncommon lessr- To attempt anything like a description would be a ttlittef titne ;to say the least, it is the most charming and Ilteqieethe dining-table extending with extra leaves, sup- square legs. which are beautifully carved ; the over- 'tilth ''. Is such that, can only be made by workmen of the Nitlet standard ;itis a work.of art. Next comes the truly IN ineeet dint', which, of course, are also in solid black 11104,4 t:, and contists of 12 standard Chairs (the price quoted - tadd„stx. chairs, more can be lad if required), with double- iLtotteo l acks, ten extra large lounge chairs, and a grand: 'hol ..,9f l'ege size. sideboard alone is worth 453 Os 9d, the -alltliittn,.ing a noble lot for high-class dining-room. Price !Ile Rtvo also the carpets' , paintings and engravings from mtesiale. e room' The drawing m room is furnished in the e. and surpasses everything for elegance ,I have *ttik Been. Firstly, the Curio display cabinet at once. atee po, You as being a marvel of beauty and ,workraanship, eat sasses all th:- requirements o such an artistic :articiet . 4tkd eee„atees the .hendsome music cabinet with ,face •frond Itit ' tabiet,'".o!le divisions fined with plush; two curious shape I"iti, .l.'"lth fancy cut and carved legs ; tie overmantel ill tier'eetid-shaped glasses, and recesses :for the display ei.4lNtele-"'el4"; lastly, but by no means the least, the truly -at to cent euite of double gondola settee, .for . any part of t ' Atka °4l • we charming easy chairs, .four oceasional.chadFa. Nat (.43,113a• chairs, ell are upholster-d in a rich silk 'with 'raised flowers and sprays, and finished .with kt sifliN itud SgPi in It may be la marked that these fittings ell 4. table for Only . a ha,•,h-Class drawing-room. Uere are in bedroom' s e pace prevents all b it g described. The rttt --oni of all, Ima,y here state, is siet'able for a ;lady of 4ist ti-it°T lord. It coat £l2 , and is offered for 60gs The suite • r4ite l' rnagniti'n et the wood. is , perfe -tty solid bright- -1°111( tt ett 1 ' ' Vit 1e• w h Mat of the choicest qtiality, the wardrobe is Ut pt ell ,tr tedaia either end with hanging compartments s,,,bictie exiclosed with brilliant bevell-id Vaxhan plate glass AO basalehaee. between the doors .are drawers, and aor?ve tt otia, Ped cupboards, with massive carved panel-, which with the chisel the is 14Wiciat 'Plays great dexteriky . . . whole , tti,,ft 6in. ttp % Corzine of tot' like snape.the dressing table liele,"'lde, pt &stet (Reign, and t ay-shaped k tet ween 111% La's, Which are fitted with drawers, the ViaSZ, which Ote, 41.'c'ted by carved braekets, is shield shape and extra comes the 4tt 6in baY-shaped washstand, with ri„!1 rail t sele, and glass back, about 4ft high, the pedestal t"ll7' INT,' aild- Ileholstered chairs forms one of the Cnest 4il,lth el• .can buy. Th-re are eight Other bedrooms d 4ahi suites a Znt all priees' so 9 as low as 4 guineas t Ihe-s:tat 14. 18 and , 25 guineas. m t.,,,k4ltiea,:•!' le<rn the breakfast room is in saddle bags, price dining bible, 355; sideboard, £7 158 ; two recesses tritl'ther a' ' ,7.5 s eat3i 1 . ituotl-.rcarve A oak bookcase and a hest, I.l.ltits, 1.41' leles are on. view. ('• P 14-stree..l7ll_64et. china tendl, r' "7 all removed to 44. Old- e ste ts. rugs, tenders. orns, 4., ' `'. AlanChir'.

lr• DON'T FOoi4ET. " tn AVY CHARGE FOR XPT. AND aLLow rivn F PENT FORE— g 0 N 441 PCNNISITING C nom i.STKET, MANCIINOTBR TO HE ADELPIII B& r NK, and ONTRACTOR, 110,141 ; ••I &MON- ef. aa.r.thing and corn With 44, Oldhran-street. &lanObester.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE,

Simple washing frocks, whether all white or in light zephyrs or cambrics, are delightful for children in warm weather, and require no wrap for outdoor wear, but merely a large hat, either of drawn washing silk on a tulle frame, or of Leg- horn, with satin bows and white feathers. The banded waist is now very popular for girls of nine to 15, and is especially becoming to tall, growing girls of 11 to 12, where the more childish Empire style appears unsuitable, and gives additional length to the figure. Spotted muslin, made up on blue sateen, or over a thin white linen, is charm- ing with the bodice trimmed with braces and bands

,of insertion lace. 'For a girl of 11 to 13, "the skirt , should measure three yards at the edge. There is .a whole 'width at back :and front, gored to the top, and one gore on each side, this sloped .on one edge, only leaving the straight -edivedge, to the ,front. The top is kept tolerably :plain in front, but gathered •round the sides and beck, and attached to the bodice. he lining of the bodice is cut in three parts. The material is cut in similar fashion to the lining, but .with about four inches extra allowed in the centre front for fulness, and three inches to each half-back. The lace is laid on afterwarcic, and the waist finished with ribbon. Large hats are very general, and these,are wider Irom side to .side, and rather shallow in 'front, and the back is-invariably turned up and filled in with flowers or ribbon bows. Of the hats in quiet tones, black and white is extremely fashionable, -the shape either in white rice straw, or chip, bound,with tlack velvet, stretched quite tight in the old-fashioned style, or a dead-white fancy -crinolinewith irregular-scalleped edge. •

A ~very pretty hat tri-aimed with ostrich feathers is of fawn straw, lined with black velvet, and trimmed with pink reses, black tips, and shoterose-coloured glace ribbons. Another hat may be trimmed with black and white, with pink roses.. _ _ _

at the back; oraN7laite hat is charming iiith dahlia. or heliotrope ribbon, a black plume, paste buckle,. and band of black velvet round the crown. A. black hat with white edge is 4150 effective, with. shot rote and crimson ribbon, black pluie, and. pink roses ;'and the style of tim trimming can be copied in any of these combinations. .Although the bodiGe is still the most .elaborate: portion of the gown, yet skirts 4composed of very- thin, or !semi-transparent, textures are generally- trimmed:; while silks., satins, and, heavier fabrics are left severely plain. Black silk canvas, .grena- dine, ,or gauze generagy shows one to three,smalt ,pleated flounces, .headed by insertion, or full- „gathered frills headed by a ruche, c.r tiny frills of lace, with .chiffon or gauze rosettes at iiateals, ;are seen ou.the plainer type, of material.

- 1 have seen some very pretty bodices this week -of pointed fouiard in rich Oriental colours, with the new sleeves with three puff?. At the neck is shown the .chemisette and jabot of lace with blue eatin ribbon colla.r and bows at the neck and waist. With summer he3t upon us at last, ano in the superlative degree, cottons are for the moLicnt th'e most interesting dress fabrics, and next in_poptr- larity comes the cool and dust-resisting alpaca. I have a particular fancy -for steel-grey alpaca, made up with white, 13ut the right tint is not obtainable in the cheaper make, which is chiefly represented in shot effects. I saw a charming gown of this description yesterday. It was- a coat -and skirt, the former open-fronted, and very simply en with, large pointed revers carefully lined and boxed, to obviate limpness. The full vest, with folded waist, belt, shaped to a slight point in front, was of ivory 14Tagpore silk, and a tucker and cravat of lace was worn at the neck. The hat was of white rush, trimmed with white tulle and pale pink ca,rna. tions, and with white kid gloves, the wearer looked the personification of coolness and elegance, and yet the whole toilette was simplicity itself. Drill and linen gowns are always nice for summer wear, though they are not exactly cheap, for the material must be of fair quality, or it will not wash satis- factorily. However, a nice drill or linen costume, if made in a style that does not show date too much, will wear for at least two, and perhaps three successive summers.

Your loving JENNIE.

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The State Concert held at Buckingham Palace on Monday last, was largely attended, and lacked but the presence of the Queen to be a gathering of quite un- usual brilliancy. e The jewels and gowns worn by the women, and th gay uniforms and orders donned by the men made a gorges picture, and never were flowers so Many of my readers may be interested tmoultenhowin ue that these ese concerts take place in the magnifi- cent ball room, a stage being erected for the performers. The Royalties eat iu front on scarlet and gold chairs,and

the order of precedence is strictly, observed when ths Princes and Princesses take their places. The guests are accommodated upon benches arranged down the room (which by the way are neither very handsome nor earticularly comfortable) and they are all seated before the Royal procession enters headed by the great officers of the Household. The gold plate which is sent up from Windeor Castle for the State concerts, amounts to about 10,000 pieces, and is carried by special train under escort of a guard of soldiers and delivered to the butler at Buckingham Palace Be gives a receipt and is responsible for it while it remains at the -Palace. The same formalities are observed in taking it back and all persons concerned ar3 considerably relieved when it is once more restored to the safe keeping of the gold pantry. INi-ten the Queen is in residence either at Windsor or Osborne, all toe Royal linen is washed at Richmoud. The ordinary table linen, as well as sheets, towels, pillow-cases; curtains, etc., iscarried to and fro in huge wicker hampers, the personal linen in wooden boxes, and the transmission of them on the South Western Railway is specially attended to. Of course, when Her Majesty is ae Wiedeor there is no difficulty whatever in , the workinla, of the system, but the same cannot he said of it with regard to Osborne, and it seems in- credible that the 'Queen with such ample space at her 'command should not long ago have established a laundry in the Isle of Wight. it is stated that Her Majeaa 's laundry bill amounts to very nearly £5,'60€0 sper-aunum. , The a MUM* of "The Mighty Atom,"" The Sorrows of i Satan," &c., is a petite and-extremely fair girl with an abundant head of babe golden brown, soft and curling round her head, and with eyes of grey, deeply set. Missi Corelli is a Catholic ad was educated at a convent. Shel has a line library and is a goed 'linguist. Thle Queen, the Prince of Wales and the Duke of York are all ad- mirersof the noveiies talents and the letters and arltoe yraphsViss Corelli 'receivesfrom crowned heads and dietinguished statesman might well ezeite the envy of a collector. It is singular how little notice is taken of the prospect ci, thelDeceased Wife's Sister Bill passing itito law 'lebfore Parliament rises. 'Veers ago it used to exercise nubile opiniotenot a little, but apparently meat people Aave become tired of 'the contrc versy, and perhaps =hardly anyone believeactbat it will really be passed. =in 188 thellouse of Lords passed the ececond reading of a sieeetaae legalisiog Bill by a mejority of- seven, hut only to riject it in theifinal stage by atmajority of =five. The present Bill has been so amended by Lord Halifax at the inetance of the 'Bishops, as to praqically ostracise church going people eat ing advantage 4 2 its legal provisions, as iterendera clergymen - subject tolecclesiastical -disabilities for doing what the law may say is perfectly right and proper at the-registry office. lit is difficult to innderstand the hostility Of the Bishops and clergy to suchanarriaees : wbich are legal in most other ountries and the colonies, i-aad the &Ave to stigmatise them as something disgrace- ' fed, is not likely to add to tbegeopularity of the church. If the Bill should be sent to the House of Commons for =completion this Session this 'objectionable alteration will probably be-modified, and in that caseethe Bill ii almost sureto come to the ground again, between the l two Houses-of Parliament. 1 , ' Patent tecther stops arseetijoying considerable favour 1--this seasonand although some people consider that they make the foot appear larger, certain it -is that patent 1 leather loots smart and cleans better than glace kid which soon turns dull and shabby. "Pointed toes are : still also-eeeevidence. We have come to thirat them cor- rect, because we associate them with ewell dressed women, but a more moderate shape would-look quite : g Well, if it would only become fashionable, and would give ease to many a tortured foot. The aEontgen rays could indeed tell a tele of curvature, and other ills we're they permitted to reveal-the secrets of the prison-houee, or rather the prison-boot. -Gowns for lien'ey are just now occupying the thoughtselthe happy chatelaines of houseboats and their invited guests. It is however, quite aneode of the past i to suggest the boating gown in one's tolette, and most of the women who went to Ascot will make the frocksof that carnival do duty for Henley ; grass' lawn, muslin, and other diaphanous -fabric is the prettiest wear 'for young girls, while the-matrons can be apptopriately.ar- rayed in grenadine over silk. The summer sales are now in full swing, and if we steadily ',make up our -minds not to bet-tempted with making purchases that we have no poseible use for, just because they are cheap; there are exoellentenpportunitiee for securing bargains at-the present moment, such as do • not fall in-our wa every day in the year. tatemnants tif silks abound on every side, and are going at extraordin- arily low prices. My-readers would do-well to secure some of these. . Either they-will come- in -for sleeves or for the bodice of some gown that perthance will need renovating a-little lateree, or the obrap-er qualities tef some bright color will form a slip bodice and skirt over which blank grenadine :can be effectively arranged. Again remnants of silk are most useful- wben the frills of: our petticoats need renewing, or the -inside of -a coat or: cape needstrelining. , Same of the huge-ruffles I have lately noticed worn by ' very up-to-date women, look not only •outrageouely 'pit iand uncomfortable, but utterly ridiceloue, eerecially at i the back- wbere the effect is all hat aed ruffle and‘no head. Moderate sized reifies for avomen whose necks are long enough to permit them to don this particular adornment, ere decidedly becoming as a rule, but they would do well to sacrifice the mode altogether, rather than countenance such caricatures as are being shown -in many of the smartest to:inners shops to day. The manners of the Board School children are so rapidly deteriorating as to be likely ere long to he a trouble and nuiraece to the community. -No attempt is made in the egementary schools atanything in the way of teaching morals, and the 'private individual who en- deavours to make any impression is likely to get him- self or herself- into trouble. But if there is no time or opportunity for instruction of this sort in the ordinary eseanoml, could not something be done in the Sendav Schools to give-children some notion of chivalry ,courtesy and reverence for age? Some very sensible sugeeseons were made by Miss Jerenet Humphreys at a recen-t eiceet- -ingof the Sunday School, Union, on the advisability of introducing story books in Hunday Schools. The un- satisfactory condition of the average-Sunday School and the -mechanical routine which is practised hy the semi- educated and inferior class of young persons who eel; as teachers, must have struck any outsider who is ac- quainted with the-lifeless systetn pursued in t,Ol many of these establishments. 'Large numbers of :children go to them partly because it is an outward badge of res- pectability. partly because of the treats connected with them, and 1,-rgely teecause their mothers are glad to get them out of the way-on Sunday afternoons. The-Sun- day Sclicol would seem te afford a good opportunity for . counteracting the materialistic hetuerice of secular edu- cation and of enlarging children's imaginationa:lcl ideas ; by means of poetry, stories of heroes and herole deeds, pictures,-and any other agencies (in addition to the usual of riptural teaching, of course), through weeich the soul and heart can he reached, I BANAvA- PUDDING, is delicious. Make a clear syruP by melting aamall pot of red currant jelly, and dilute it ' with a little-water. Cut -up a banana into small pieces, . and let these-just become-ant in the seieue, Then Pour -them into a. -basin and allow the sauce to become cold. 'Make a pudding with a custard composed of two eggs end three-quarters of a pit of emilk, a little, sugar and wanilla. Add-three sponge cakes crumbled ;two bananas out small, and-hake in a well-greased basin- or mould for an hour. 'When cold turn out and serv^ . with the sance poured over it. ' " MADE '''

D'S PILLS iLL Cure all Liver Ills

. . t .;... , L...e.. .... ~,, r . /I, . ."-.44' :.: •.‘74," ; ... :- ~- ••• '. 44„,.. A. , iif) ~,.---.,,,L. \I ...- , ~,„, , • , ‘kl, ------4::_...."- • 4.4...,„.....,. trp., - ~, -- 4 . 4 q, . , f at, A A 11 \ . . 41 / 'I • ' i ( , 14;sA '/41:7 -.........._ V:

- •,y;.0r,0 i lybk, —• f ;';•94V6 li--,', - -,--5,t.01-lid 4-3, ---:, 44,, ',. • ,-,:tl f„,, i; p ;:4' ' ''''! \s, .:;:.:Y. '41-41,-;4*:-040544k!'4.1 4f,- 4,4 t, .•..--z_votx,),. L,;:y6' • .43.f.,=,__-,,,,,,• v. ~;,0.• ,---;--, , • .'"- '--, - - - - . ir 2-2'---- 4, • 0 9t;

• 0,,, Lt. •".,., s'..-t ,-- ' - 4-,, ' 4".-27_*,, • . :••;---,- ) • .-...1 41:-.1".V. - gA' t-;',Y7-',; It ',''...•, '1447:wA':,71-1,-,'," , ii.4\ ~,,.f.y,Z-::::,.41,Z1l, I/ "'',•, \ '','„,,,, -, T,,,12----7_,-, ',..7„...\, \, til iir •;''... .. ‘tXl ' '..% .77,7'' ' 4A , 4 "•\•,,: -4'-1/11f .•tiNg'o,V,:, ''-:, ‘-‘-'? 4 .I,.:kk,',.';'. 'iv). '',('''',;-..,-,.)-ti! if,- 4iit'Ai...',%' •-•.;frp"'N't:iti.\l'Vlii, f t•i ,'1;,,,,,„'...,-4,-.--V\07.7),,t: ,•,1t,y,•,./,,,,,,,,.',, vi;\\''-ir''-';-,------, kIA. i,-1„7-I'v,,,. /,..5,-;,',::,),•//,.. ( 4,.,\- % i''.t.4 ' . '.A",''',/1;ir• 6C. 14Y/////, A AZ:1'11; .tr,ll/.: Itt / ..,, ,/, l' •••—•_,.,,,,;14-, to-,',.,/ //, ..,.....,__A\ V ' d y//,/,' i; . , - - - ,/7/ • / t - .4.N/ , • 7, •r/i - . .. . i/ .'•' ' - . ' / ~' _, _,, ,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Tll 14; EXAM! NI- f4';ll,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

'LAST NV FEK'S TRAFFIC.

The Warping movement on the Manchester Ship Canal during the seven days ended triday, June .26, was ope of the 'largest yet recorded this year. ke compared vwith the preceding seven days the coastwise traffic increased by neatty4,ooo net registered tons, send the foreign traffictty over MO tons, a total increase of 12,079 tons. The principal arrivals included '2,300 'tons of wheatirom San Vransisco—the first'Californian wheat ever.thipped direct to Macchester,--Aiimber and wood- , pulialrom Hopewell Cape, Ship Island, Mobile, :-Soroka, Riga, elle, Gothenburg, and 'Suniswall ; resin and .ttm turpentine from. Savannah, bone aat from Rio Grande,: ice 'from Christiania, freit from'Vaiencia, cotton from Mobile (the first imported from Ainbamarvia the canal),; flies from Dieppe, and general enrgoes from ntwerp, Boulogne, Capenhagen Ghent, Ea,mburg, Eotterdarn., and Treport Over 340 tons of general merchandise "acre exported to Bombay by the Conference -steamers Olen Gordon and Armenia. the 'former being the first steamer everdespatehed from•Menchater toindia with- out loading any portion of her , cargo at Birkenhead ; the largest cargo ever shippedirom Manchester to the editeranean was taken cut by-the Prince liner Swedish Prince, and a large ,consignment of pitch wac shipped to ,Cette. There were also sedings to Antwerp, Barcelona, 'Boulogne, Christiania, Ghent.lflamburg. Iceland, 'Lot- terdasa, Stockholase, Wyborg, and Wilmington.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A GIRL'S ESCAPE.

About three miles from Elandford, Dorsetshire. is the I little village of Tarrant Rostaton. All tiro parish knew the paloand bloodless face of Miss Annie Coombs, who was in a decline. Her parents' fears that her wasting condition was the prelude to an early grave were shared by all who knew them, until latterly, with surprising rapidity,a remarkable change came over hea: the weary and languid form becamo. active and -vigorous, and within a very brief period the girl had completely re- gained the beelth that bad been denied herlor more than five years. A reporter, commissioned to enquire into the facts, I called on the girl's mother. Mrs. Coombs ..gladly told the story, which we reprint in her own words. She confirmed every detail cf her &taunter's sad condition, and continued: "We happened to see ;Dr. Williams' Pink Pills or Pale 'People mentioned in the news- papers, as having effected extraordinary cures in apparently thopeless caser, and I sent for some for my daughter. -,S'he bad been ill since she was 11 years of age. She was 16 when we sent for the Pills. We tried two very clever doctors, who said she was *sofffering from anaemia. Her ,appetite was very bad, and she was subject to sickness. She had no particular pain, but was so pale and thitryou could al- most see through her hands." • .6 Will you tell me about the effectof Mr. Williams Pills nowd&s. Coomb6l"

Well," was the reply, 4,6 I sent for one box of Dr. Wil- liams' and aftAr taking them for three days my daughter was much better. She bean to have an appetite. Befog e she had taken one box she was quite .able to work about tbetouse. She had three boxes in rail, and when she had taken these she was perfectly F•well. She kis better than she has been since she was ke!even."

"And yen attribute the benefit solely to using •Dr. Williams' Pick Pills ?"

"Yes," Nks. Coombs replied;r " solely to the Pills mad I would recommend them to everybody who is ill. I Cave taken them Myself and find them .very good for indigestion. Tay husband has also taken them.; and we both value them before any other medicine." • Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure.not only cases like the above, but all the many disorders which arise from an impover- ished .state of the blood aid nerves, such as anemia, pate and sallow complexion, general muscular weak- ness, less of appetite, shortness of breatb, pains in the back, nervous headache, early decay,all forms of female weakness, hysteria, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, sciatica, pplpitations, low vitality, and wasting strength from any cause. These Pills are genuine only with the full name, Mr. Williams' Pink Pit/6 for Pale People, anU are sold by chemists and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Corn- n,43, Holborn'viaduct, ,London, E.G., at 26.1 d. a box, or six for 13s. Od. They are unrivalled as a tonic and St rengtheningaledicine for both sexes.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TE)CHN,ICAL INSTRUCTION IN LA.NCASUIRE.

EXANILNATIONS FOR SCEIOLARSHIFS AND APIUL, 1896.

• *ln the reports of the examiners the following among other candidates have been recommended by the Techni- cal instruction Committee to the .Lancasbire County Council for election: This recommendation will come before.the County Council at the meeting on the 6th Ainzust

Lett Science Scholarships of the value of 60 per year tenable a term not exceeding three years : WiliaLl MiGregAT Ross, Grammar School and Victoria Science and Art School, Southport:; Percy Kenyon, Central .School, Mtnehester.

-.Five Comme'rciail ScholarsKus of the value of £6O par year, tellable for a terry not exceeding three yea rs : Alice, Mariin .liartoot,. Milton Mount, Leigh.; Harry Wyattt, Eritish and Technical echools, Leigh. Two Senior Agricieltural Scholarships of the value of E6O per:year, tenable fsr a term not exoeeding three years : .04:in Davies Cooke (Friends' School, Penketh), Lancashire County-: Council Agricultural o:asses, Pres- ton Lawrence Abram (St. John's School, Crnssens), Lancashire .County Council .Agriculturaf Classes, Preston.

Thirty-three Science F.ehibitions of the value of £lCl', each. tenable Cr one year.: Frederick Bowen, Mining Sdhoot. Wigan, and Technical School, Leigh -; Alfred Walker (Technical School, frianchester), Mechanics' In- stitute, Horwich. • Twenty-nine Juoior Science Exhibitions of the value of £lO each,tenable for one year: Arthur Stanley Helm, Higher Grade Senool,Urniston: Arthur Statham, Higher Grade School, Uruiston ; Mary Jackson. Higher Grade 6chool,Urmston :; WiUam Brogden (Higher Grade School Patricroft), Central Sohool, Manchester ; Nessie Clagae, Higher Grade School,Urnoston ; Edmund Hunt, Nigher 1 Grade School, Urmston ; John Tyldesley, Higher Grade School, Urmston ; Liliaa F. Topham, Higher Grade School, Urmston. Thirty Art Exhibitions of the value of £lO each,l ten abiu for one year : Frederick Podmore, School of Art, Warrington ; Gertrude Pickavance, School of Art, Warrington; Charles H. Heaton. Miniag School, WilL an.

Three Music Exhibitions of the value of Eiel each, tenable for brie year Janet Rnstron (Ehnswood Col- le;Te, Stretford), Southolme School of Music, Whalley ' TwPnty-sin Commercial* Exhibitions' of the .value of .E 3.0 01,ronable for oce year : John Keegan, Technical SchrCol,Leiub ; Arthur Ed IVP, rd Turton, Board School and Technical School, Widdr:7l,; Grace Whitton, High school, Wigan ; John Herb.:;,, Pile,Farnworth Grammar School, widnes. -

THrty•fe. Junior (.Anmercial Exhibitions of the value ,)f L'l.o each,tFnable f6r one year: Evan Bakiwin,Gram- m„ school,F.Fnworth, Widnes ; Albert Charles, Gram- mar S;.hoo), Farnwortb, Widnes ; Ernest Hague, Farn- ikorth Grammar School, Widne ; William Edwardson •and Frank Robinson, F4rnworth Grammar School, Widnes.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
eXCLE-CitA.

The finest embroca'ion, in the world. Promptly restores tone to the tired or straintd inusclea. Made by the Homocea Company, Limited, an put up in collapsible tubes. price 6(1. and Is. 6d eacl? Sold. by :-- Mr.J. R. YOUNG. Pharmaceutical hemiit, SAnkey-street, Warrington.

DIE RECENT TRIPLE EXECUTION.

ALLEGED HORRIBLE SCENE.

"'Lloyd's News" asserts that,despite the official state- ment that the triple execution of Fowler, Seaman, and Milsom passes off in a satisfactory manner, there was considerable bungling. "The execution," i; adds, "was carried out in the presence of Under-Sheriff Met- ' mile, acting for the High Sheriff of the County of Lon- don, Under-Sheriff Rushton, and certain gaol officials. Sillington was the hangman, having as his assistant Wilkinson. of Bolton. The cells of the prisoners are but a few yards from the execction shed, and in the order of things, Fowler was the first to undergo the process of pinioning, and to be placed upon the drop, Seaman coming next, and Milsom last. The chaplain, reading the Burial Service, reached the solemn words, " Inthe midst of life we are in death" at the exact moment when the assistant was strapping the legs-of Milsom. The words quoted are usually the notification to the sheriffs-for the signal for death, and ignorant or careless of the fact that the preparations were not quite complete, they gave it. Wilkinson's hands were still busy with the straps about Maori's feet as Billington pulled‘the lever, and the convict and the assistant-hangman 'fell through the trap together. Then ensued a horrible scene, Shooting head foremost down, Wilkinson, to save his own neck from the full depth of the pit, overtwenty feet, clutched to the legs of the unhappy culprit, and swung there with him. Thectoeping attitude of the assistant naturally threw him forward as he clung to Milsom's legs, so that the 4etter did not get a direct drop, and the first impact of the noose came upon the babk of the neck in- stead of slightly forward as it should do, to ensure in- stantaneous death. Milsom was duly hanged, but it was a death of minutes, not seconds, as in the case of his companions."

The " Sun " avers, on what is stated to be indis- putable.authoritv, that what really occurred was that Milsom fell into the -pit with his legs unstrapped, and thnt Wilkinson did not fall into the pit, hut got down and held Milsom's legs. Fowler and Seaman, it is aided, died instantly and painlessly,but Milsom's agony was frightfully prolonged, and death was due to suffo- cation rather than to dislocation of thovetebras.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18960704_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SA, FIT DAY, JULY 4, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLMGTON INTERVIEWED,

'BilFnaton was interviewed on Monday with reference to the statPment in "Lloyd's Newspaper " about the exe- cution. He said::—" It is not true. I know nothing whatever about it." He declined, however, to converse on the matter.

-Str Matthew White Ridley, the Home Secretary has, 'llowever relieved the public mind by the statement he made in the House of Commons on Tuesday with regard to the allr,ged bungling at the execution. The only foundation for the sensational stories which have ga abroad is, it appears, that the aseista,nt executioner did not step back as piornptly as he ought, and fell into the pit with the condemned men when the bolt was drawn. Though this is an exceedingly unfortunate incident, it is much less serious than what we were led to suppose -11 ad occurred.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MIN OF ME MOMENT.,

R. C. ARTHUR PEARSON, the well-known eiitor and puMisher,is just about 'o turn his business into a limited ibility c,mpany. Most of our remlers are no doubt interested in one or more of the many pepular periodicals published by Mr. Pearson, and will therefore take a perscnal and perhaps financial interest in the new company. The few notes published below of Mr. 'Pearsori's private life and public work which we gather from the •'Stationer and 'Fancy Trades Regis- ter," will probably, therefore, be read with special in- terest.

Mr. Cyril ArthurTearson was born on February 24, ,18e8, and is therefore now thirty. The place of his birth as Vi'ookey, near Wells, also famous for the manufacture of excellent hand-made paper. The son and gracdson of a country clergyman, it was intended that Mr. Pearson should continue the clerical traditions of his ancestors. But fate had willed otherwise, and it happened that shortly after he had left Winchester -College in 1884, a big competition was annwinced in "Tit Bits "—a journalistic venture of the theu George Ne vr nes. Mr. Newnes had offered a situation in his office, with .a salary of £lOO a year to the winner of a competition ,in his Inquiry Column. Mr. Pearson determined to try for this:price and for thirteen weeks be persevered in answering the questions asked. In the end he came out first of over 3,000 competitors, and so in due course entered Mr. Newnes' employ ai conductor-of the depart- , ment in connection With which he had so successfully studied. I For more than six years Mr. Pearson worked hard with Mr.-Newnes, becomiag the most useful member of his staff, and introducing many new ideas. A diversity of opinion came about when Mr. Pearson and Mr. Newnes differed as to the adf,quaey of the for- mer's salary, whereupon the subject of our sketch promptly said good-bye to A' Tit-Bits" and Mr. Newnes, and sought pastures new. Assisted by Mr. K.ary and one other colleague on " Tit-Bits," Mr. Pearson took two rooms in temple Chambers, where he commenced the publication of " Pearson's Weekly," now sufficiently well known by its P.W." With its red colour, twice the size of any contemporary, the A' Weekly " went up in circula- tion by leans and bounds. The palatial buildings in Henrietta-et., W.C. which Mr. Pearson has occupied since outgrowing the rooms in Temple Chambers, are now becoming all too small for the conduct of his many and increasing successful ventures. The subject of our sketch was known at sebool as an unusually bright boy,and carried off the form prizes at Winchester Collegeseveral times. _ _

All his life Mr.- Pearson had had an intense love of games, and it may be truly said that the successes of " Pearson's Weekly" and " Pearson's Magazine" were won on the playing fields of Winchester. When but fifteen years of age, Mr. Pearson played cricket in the Redford County Eleven, and had he been able to devote the necessary time to the game he would no doubt have ,developed into one of our foremost cricketers. _ _

Mr. Pearson resides at Godalming, in Surrey, with his wife and three children, and his sporting prowess is known.fra beyond that district. Every outdoer game knows Mr. Pearson as an enthusiast. A late member of the Yeomanry Cavalry, he is a fine horseman and an ex- pert at tent -pegging and other military sports,whilst his 4ove of driving a tandem or four-in-hand is only equalled by his love or cycling. There are few better whius,and when in:unted on one of his eighteen-pound bicycles he can get over the roads,kowever hilly,at a good seventeen or eighteen nv:les an hour. He is also an adept at lawn tencis and scientific croquet, plays a good game of golf, shoots straieht, and is, moreover, skilled at such indoor games as billiards and whist. In short, Mr... Pearson is one °Mose lucky men to whom games and snorts of all kinds 66M a second nature. Mr. Peter Keary'is Mr. Pes.rson's right band man, and has worked with him for more than twelve years. No one has a clearer insight as to what Class of matter the reading public most appreciates, and no one works harder to carry out his ideas. It is row proposed, under the title of " C. Arthur Pearson,Linsited," to purchase and carry on the business of newsroom and magazine printers, publishers, and proprietors, and to acquire the following periodicals : PEARSON'S WEEKLY, with its circulation closely verging upon half-a-million ; PEARSON'S MAGAZINE, than which but one other magazine commands a larger sale: HOME Nores. the pioneer of popular ladies' pipers, Hone COOKERY, SHORT STORIES, DRESSMAKING AT HOME, and FAsannes FOR CHILDREN. The Company will also acquire a large interest in the well-known musical magazine MeLonr, which is managed by Mr. Pearson. Mr. Pearson, it is reassuring to learn, will have the controlling interest in the business under his title of managing Director." He will have on the Board the ben fit tof the advice of his co-directors-6ir William Ingram. Bart. (chairman), the chairman and manager of the "Illustrated London News" Limited • his ex- perienced colleague, Mr. Peter Keary ; and Mr. A. W. Stirling. In reference to the aouudness of the concern, it is a matter of great significance to note that the bankers of the Company are to be the Bank of England, and that the auditors are to be the renowned firm of Messrs. Price. Waterhouse asei Co. A success as a private concern ought undoubtedly to be still more a success as a public enncern, and we have little doubt that this truism will lee. borne out by C. Arthur Pearson, Limited.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Y:M.C.A, GARDEN PARTY.

VISIT TO GRAPPENHALL HEYES.

Perhaps (tile of the most successful garden parties which has been held in connection' with the Warringtor4 branch of the Young Men's Christian Association wa, that which took place at Grappenhall Hayes on Satur- day afternoon. The members proceeded thence at the kind invitation of the President, Mr. J. Charlton Parr. J.P., DL., and Mrs. Parr. The event was favoured with fine weather, and no fewer than 230 persons res- ponded to the invitation. A start was made from the headquarters of the A sociation at 2 30, and ad the large pasty proceeded in conveyances through the streets, it attracted a great deal of attentien. The journey,beyond 'ef3B or two evidences of an inclination on the part of the horses to stop, was accomplished without any occui r- -1-once of note. On arrival at the hall, a reception was held, and the visitors were introduced to Mr. and Mrs. Parr by Mr. Osborne, the energetic secretary of the Acsoeiation. Proceeding through the entrance hall to the reception room one was struck with the wealth of pic- tures, curios, handsomely carved furniture, and adorn- ments to be seen on every hand. An inspection was afterwards made of the conservatories, and the party was then left to ramble through the extensive grounds and to indulge in various games uctil tea-time. A walk throngh the grounds was one of the most enjoyable features of the visit. They are admirably kept and reflect great credit upon the head gardener, Mr. Thompson. Shrubs, flowers, and plants were to be seen in a flourishing condition, and the air was scented with the perfume of roses of num- berl-ss tints. In the greenhouses, some fine specimens of orchids were conspicuous,and in the vineries,apricots, grapes and figs were being cultivated with as great a success as under sunnier skies. The aviary contained some specimens of that highly esteemed bird by epicures —the quail. A pleasant nook was the fernery, near to which a number of water-birds were tea be seen swim- ming on a pond, shaded by the overhanging branches of oak and other trees. Those of the party who were fond of angling were given permission to fish in the poolssand some good catches were made. Others engaged in lawn tennis, croquet, or bowls, whilst the youthful element played football in an adjoining field. Some others pre- ferred to sit down and listen to the music discoursed by the St. Paul's brass band, under the conductorship of Air. Smith. During the afternoon, Mr. and Mrs. Parr Mr. Roger Parr and Mr. Lister Kaye en- deavoured in every possible manner to make the garden t arty a success. At four o'clock, tea was provided in a tent erected in front of the house. The catering was in the hands of Mr. John Tort, of Bridge-street, and he gave every satisfaction. The tea tables were pre- sided at by Mrs. Parr, Mrs. John Fairclough, Miss Davies. Mrs. S. B. Stringer, Miss Shaw Green, and Miss Richards. The party afterwards assem- bled near the tennis court and was photographed by Mr. Cavanagh. Amongst those present in addition to Mr. and Mrs. Parr and Mr. Roger Parr, were Mr. and Mrs. John Fairclough, Mr. R. A. Naylor, Mr. William Owen, J.P., Dr. Starkey Smith, J.P., Rev. J. Davies v (vicar of St. Ann's),Miss Dies,Councillor Shaw Green,2 Mr. Wyllie (chairman of the Executive Committee of the Y.M.C.A), Mr. S. B. S ringer, Mr. J. Taylor, Mr.Bayley, Mr. Pickferd, Mr. Mounfield, Mr. John S. Green, Mr. Holford, and Mr. E. Osborne (general secretary of the Association). Whilst the party was assembled in a group,_elr._Parr was thanked for his hospitality.

_ Mr. R. WYLLIE said the present time was a favourable opportunity for unitedly expressing their thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Parr for the privilege and treat which they were all enjoying that afternoon. The winter months were the time of activity and general interest among the members, there being fewer attractions outside and cooler evenings to draw them together inside. They were looking forward to this next winter session with great expectations. Preparation was already being made. and they wanted every young man to feel that it was their Association,and cons, quently their interest and co- operation which were the ground work of success. (Ap- plause.)lt was more difficult to keep up the same amount of enthusiasm during the warm and relaxing summer months when every temptation was to get outside into the open air. They were then more apt to lose touch with each other. Still they had their cricket, lawn ten- nis, and cycles all on the move, with a crowded P.S.A. and Bible Class going on during the summer. It was a great pleasure for all of them to be given the opportu- nity of meeting with their President and his good lady on their (awn beautiful lawns. (Applause.) They must not suppose that bnause they did not often see their Presi- dent at Friars' Green that he did not visit and interest himself in the Association. Mr. Parr was more frequently there than some of them thought of. As the most powerful levers worked from below, even so their president's work and interest was more below than above the surface. Such an outing as that htd created a wonderful flutter of interest both inside and outside the Association, and they felt its effect in the numbers of young men who were enrolling as members each month. (Applause.) Their hope for the future was bright so far as the working success of the A,socia- don was concerned, Lnd they felt sure that if the work- ing success was attained, with Gld's blessing the finan- cial success would also be gained. (Anplause.) Let them all give their time, interest and talents to the furtherance of the yree, noble, and world-wide_ institu;

tion of which their Y.M.C.A. was a branch. He pro. posed that they accord to Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Parr a

hearty vote of thanks for their kindness in inviting them to such a beautiful garden party, and might they long be spared to bestow blessings and joys on those around them and receive the greater encomium from the Master, "Well done good and faithful servants." (Applause.) p Councillor &raw GREEN soconded the motion. He said he was disappointed that Mr. John Faircleugh, who had been with them that afternoon, and who was one of their vice-presidents, was not now present to fulfil that duty. It was but right that the Chairman of the Executive Committee should pro- pose a zee of thanks and it would also have been seemly iMeir Senior Vice-President. Mr. Fairclough, had seconded it. Hqwever, in Mr. Fairclough's absence he had much pleasure in discharging the duty. Them were Many present that evening who did not know of the beauties which surrounded that old town of theirs. They imagined that because it contained large works and had much smoke in it that they had none of the beauties of nature around them that were to be seen in places far distant. While standing on that lawn they could well imagine they were many miles from a town, although they were comparatively near to one. Ho was proud that Mr. Parr, in the goodness of his heart and with a strong desire to benefit the association ,had opened his charming gardens for their pleasure, thus giving them an opportunity for enjoying the beauties around them. Be (the spoaker) knew no institution which was calculated to benefit young people like the Y.M.C.A. They were banded together with a strong desire to pro- mote each o hers Christian welfare and material bene- fit. As a Corporatien they were doing very much to give the young people an opportnnity of receiving tech- nical and scientific instruction. They developed these advantages to the utmost of their power. He was , proud to he associated with the gathering that day, and felt that their thanks were greatly due to Mr. Parr, who had not only the ability but the spirit to give them that glorious treat. (Applause.) Mr. PICHFORD spoke on behalf of the P.S.A. in con- nection with the Association,and in a humorous manner supported the motion. The Rev. JAMES DAVIES said from the bottom ef his heart he wished the members " God speed " in the grand work in which they were engaged. ,He wished he could come amongst them a little more, but, as they knew, he had the respoosibility of a large and* poor parish, and it involved F Lich a great deal of work that he had little time for other duties. He was thinking that if he got a few more invitations to attend parties like the present he should regard them as permanent institutions, like Walking Day. (Laughter.) He most heartily sup- ported the vote of thank. (Applause.) Mr. W. 11. BAYLEY remarked that the frie.mbers of the association knew the practical interest which Mr. Parr took in the association ; he was sure they could not have a better president, and they loved him and appreciated all he had done for them. He (the 'speaker) was one of their Oelegates to the conference at Derby last week, where 500 representatives of Y.M.C. Ass )ciations were assembled from all pasts of the world. He did not think the members of the association in Warringten under- stood the vast importance of the work which these associations were tryieg to carry out. They only did work in a very small and humble way in Warrington, whereas in many large cities and towns in England it was of vast importance. (Hear' hear.) On behalf of the !young men of the Association he had pleasure in sup- porting the resolution.

Mr. PARR, on rising to respond, was greeted with cheer*: • He-said it gave Mrs. Parr and himself the greatest pleasure to see them gathered that day, and to hear that they had all enjeyed themselves. Be was not a man of many words,and what he did not say he hoped they would take for granted. He felt very grateful to them for the kind manner in which his name had been received and big poor services recognised. He confessed that he did talc° a very great interest in the association, and hoped he should continue to do so, and that he would see it in even a renre prosperous condition than it was that day. But the poor services he was able to render were nothing compared with those rendered by the Executive Cornin:ttee, including such men as Mr. Wyllie and Mr. Oshorrie.9.ho gave their time and talents and worked,its someone had said,from below. They did not show half the work they did on the sut face. It was thePe persons who really kept the association entre and to whom their best thanks were due. They must all remember that it was the members who made the Y. M.C.A. and not the Y.M.C.A. who made tile members. They ought to do their best to bring up the association to the highest pinnacle of efficiency and respectability, and every other virtue titey could suggest:* As they all knew, these agsociations were worked admirably in Lon- don. They were very powerful institutions, and the head of them had been recognised by the Qeeen for the valuable services he had rendered to the country. (Applause.) Let them all emulate the example which had been set by the London institutions, and make up their minds that Warrineton should not be far behind them. Let every mernher make up his mind that it de- pended upon his exertions as to how soon perfecVon was reached—if it ever could be reached in this world. He

thanked the ladies for having attended that day and for having by their presence—as one of the speakers had said—lent SO much beauty to the proceedings. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He had partly in deference to the ladies asked to he allowed to introduce an innovation which, lie hop d, would not be frowned upon by the as- eciation, and that was, that as soon as the meeting ternamated that the hind should strike up scene lively runes,and their friends should engage in a dance. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. OSBORNE' said ee was glad to have that opportun- ity of thanking personally Mr. and Mrs. Parr for the manner they had entertained the members of the Association that day. He stated that Mr. Parr had been the president of the aseociation since its formation, and Mrs. Parr had shown her deep interest in it by acting on 'he ladies.auxlary. Mr. Lister Kaye had willingly helped them that day in their prep,irations, and as he and the ladies who had presided at the tea tab:es had worked har I, the best thanks were due to them. These associa- tions were growing rapiellv. The latest return showed that the work of the Y.NI.C.A. was represented through- out the world by 6,232 centres, being an increase of 497 centres for their la-t year. The distribution was as fol- lbws :—Etsrope 4,545, American, 1,456 Africa, 19, Asia, 188, Oceana 24. 'I he gross membership now exceeded the half million, the exact fi4ures representing the totals for the different countries being 511.750 an increase of membership for the past year 05 19,165. The work was carried on by or on behalf of the young manhor d by- over 40 different nationalities, and it was a pronounced success. They in Warrington were rapidly growing,the membership was increasing,and 'Any intended to branch out and work more extensively and exhaustively for time Master. It was certainly a good work in which they were engaged. It had been saki that anyone who joined such an aseociation ss as namby-pamby. (Laughter.) But that was a ridiculous idea. He should like to know if their founder, who was One of the most suecessful business men isr all London, was namby-pamby? (Ap- plause.) They aimed at being good young men, not goody-goody men, and they wished to show that while they were Christians they could enjoy themselves as they had been doing that Afternoon. (Applause.) The band afterwards played fer dancing which was con- tinued on the tennis ground until about 7.30, when the party again entered tha conveyances, and a start was made for home. As the party moved off, cheers and counter cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. Parr.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CIIURCHES-WARRINGTON-

SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY AT LATCHFORD.

On Sunday, the anniversary services in connection with the vVesleyan Church, Latchford were held. In the morning the services were conducted by the Rev. C. Andrew, of the Baptist Chapel, Latchford and he preached an excellent sermon. In the afternoon a 11 iwer service was held for parents and children, most of the children bringing large bun;hei of beautiful flowers. Mr. W. Hitehin delivered an address on "Flowers." The Misses flenshall, Hart, wad Whittaker had taken a great deal of trouble to tastefully decorate the chapel for the occasion, and it was consequently very bright and attractive. Mrs. Broadbent, of the- Hollies, had also kindly lent some plants. The service in the evening was conducted by Miss Dutton, of Moore, whose discourse proved of a vory attractive character; The sibging of the choir reflected great credit upon, their choirmaster, Mr. W. Ford,And it was evident that he had taken great pains to train them. The collections, which were in aid of the Sunday schools, amounted to £2l. There was a large attendance at all the services, but more esp2cially in the evening.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LINE OF FRONTAGE CASE AT NEWTON.

RONAYNE GIVEN AN ALTERNATIVE.

Before the magistrate 4 at the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, Garratt lionayne was summoned to show cause why he should not be com- mitted to prison for the non-payment of £4 17s 61. the amount of an order made against him on the 17th inst, and which now amounted to £5 74. with the costs. Mr. Ronayne : The land is my own land. lam not setting the law at defiance. Tne Magistrate's Clerk : That is nothing. It has been gone into. er Mr. Worsley,: We admit it.

The CiPrk :You most either pay t!'e money or show cans' why you stiou.ld not go to prison. Mr. lionarie : I shall not consent whatever the con- sequences may be. "[he Chairman : You refuse to pay the amount. Mr. 11-mayse : Ido sir. It is a glaring wrong.

The Chairman : You will have to pay the money or go to prison for 14 days. Mr. Ronayne then resumed his seat.

" HOW IS IT THAT CLARKE'S BL. 10D MIX RUHR: has obtained such great popularity " is a question-which has perplexed many. The answer is, that it is u..questionably the finiist Blood Purifier that science and medical ,kill have brougitt to light. Tlottsands of wonderful cures have been effeided by it For Scrotula, scurvy, ki,zema, Skins,and Blood Diseases, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kind its fleets ir marvellous. Sold everywhere at Zs. 9d. per bottle ware of worthless imitations anu substitutes.—Adrt. (2)

The i'toyal Ltund-esses say Critch:ey's '' STARCH GLOBS is noes) Aled for inap crting a beatit.ful finish to starched in-n &c., either cold or boiiing w ttor starch. Mr.-. Corn- wall. says -"1y wife will not finish our linen without your _

Starch Gloss ' " From Alrs.—. Bradford :—Dear am pleased to inform you th At I nave tried many so-called Starch Glazes nrk,i Polishes. but find none equal to yours." It shou‘d be I.ed in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 61.; by most starch B,llers. If not in stock will pro Cure it. T. OzarrcaLuv, Blackburn, P:oprietor.—Advt.

FITS OR EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.

I will demonstrate t) the whole world how that most dreadful of all complaints, "Epilepsy," which has been hhherto considered incurable, can be permanently cured (without the chance of failure). Write to the "SECRETARY," Burwood House. Burwood Place, Hyde Park, London. Hs will send you. " Gratis," full instructions for cure.

n _E ERFECTION "

AND LIFE

‘4: L.OAP

ASSURANCE.

ALL users of " PERFECTION " SOAP are offered a Po.i,y of Life Asiurance, with immediate beaefir, for °le year, in the British Workman's an I General Aesurance Gompany. Arrangements will be made to continue the Policy year by sear. The rot cies may' be taken nut for all ages to 6.5, and vary from E 2 2s. to Ell 10s., .according to age.

Policies will be lusted as soon as 112 (outalcb), Wrappers are saved and sent in.

Last day, June 30th next year. For full particulars see bills. " PERFECTION" SOAP is manufactured

FULL POUND 'WRIGHT.

** * ** * -.Rama- the leaf -v follows on the witharing, In China, this is

tediously done by native palms ttnd ftngers, .4.,Veet but you may rest assured that BROOKE, BOND'S PEAS are never rolled by hand. All our teas are twis•erl in the cleanest * possible manner by Ingenious machinery minag.d in Britim-Indian Gardens by * ' your own white and careful countrymen. The atilt gremd and withered leaves are *roll-d u der an eccentrically revolving disc. 4r. pith a gradually inc easing pressur., thus soft ning and turning out etchlea w.th the Idsar, ne eo•etrytwist. This process breaks up the .117-4 inner cellu ar subst ince of the leaf. to as to *liberate its juicy sap. containing the very * essence of the coming tta, encl make it. after • firing,' mo-e freely soluble in the hot 414 a. water of the tea-I ellen yotie table. Care is *I taken to keep dd•ten the heat naturally v.IE, arising' from the inction betwifft the twist- .1 in leaves a•id pressing outfaces, as the organic a.,‘.1 is in th • ex tding sap now per- 4c, me •ting rho ineilreet ICt. are undergoing .tmelior t,ing changes. which would go ton . .„ fist and far if the temperAure we: high. 5.4 you see that in tltes., as in, all the . 7- ~, • -.teit care is .1.4

_ other -dello tte proces....: . Ihe 121, HA. taken to givo yon the v.- .2:. bet tea that is _"..S. *possib'e at the trice, v, ~ n yen buy. your weekly * 70' packet Iron's owe Azent. . 0,,t A r slg I S sall our celetrateo te,. ' * 1/-, 1/2, 1/4 1/39 1-2/ &2. * .y, 2 / i 4; /18 :2*:44. A U. and so suit all ptm.PF f.nd all PeoP'-''• *

BPC'IOKE4 130 Pr -uk * Vkl" si IMMO * THI: LANCALVIIfii: t LP RECIT &ES , * placAprt.L% TA•i, 'l9„ WIARKF.T Nt. 6"..m.kithl .114 R * * TIE 4.1 z

===== 0002601_18960704_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Tibe "Cyamintr "

L'ILBPAID AD VICRTISSAIIINTS. ming under the following neaa, -trP igserted In ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Ors CHARUE, as per scale given below.

One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 'The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 26. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Bamtsttt gterbantis, &r.

IyANTBD General SBEVANT ; reference re.quired.-- Apply 30, CIIIIRCH-ST.. Bolton.

MRS. PEAK, 3, Bold-place. LiverpooLreguires HBLI'S for private and public, town and country.

WANTED, Good GENERAL. age 18 to 22, small family. Mrs. THOMAS, Thorn Lea, New Ferry Park. New Ferry.

WANTED, Respectable GIRL, fond of children; wages £B.—Apply MRS. WILLIAMS, 23, Palmerston-Bt.. Mos. Side, Manchester. WANTEDT-for Finn House. a good GE NERAL—SitiiVANT, —Apply TnomAe MOORE, Spen Moor, hadeliffe, near Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, about 22. to wash, iron, and cook a httle,willing to assist with children.- 20, MAYFIELD- ROAD, Eccles, Manchester.

GOOD COOK dieengaged; £4O. £45; age 40; hind and Scullerymaid kept; long references.--jaQuEs's Thirsk Registry, Scarborough.

WANTED. good, strong GENERAL SERVANT; refer- ences required.—Address EATON, Chdlaist, 129. Alexandra-road. Manchester.

GENERAL (experienced), about 20; also HOUSEMAID, about 18; boy kept.—Apply, wfth character.—MßS. PEARSON, Westbury House, Market Drayton.

WAN LED, strong respectable GIRL. about 25, a* GENERAL SERVANT, two kept, Church of Engiand. Best references required..—Apply Miss NICHOLAs, Bridge- etreet, Ruabon.

LA UNDRY HANDS.— Wanted experienced skirt, plain and fancy ironers ; also good Wash-houpe hands , none but first-class hands need apply.—The WHARFEDALE bTEAM LAUNDRY Co., Burley-in-Wharfedale.

'MEW BEIGHTON.—Wanted in a small private family, a -11 GRNERAL SRFVANT, who can do plain cooking, &c.; no washing, sae 20 to 24, wages about £ls.—Apply to Mr, 0. JONES, St. James-road.

WANTBD, healthy, respectable young GIRL to assist in general work another servant kept. small family; state 'wages and references.—Apply Mrs. WOLLMER, Wilbraham House. Alexandra Park, Manchester.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES frIt••TITUTION; 70, Hope- street. Liveipool.—Establ shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental. Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr ph.—•• urses," Liverpool. 'Telephone, 570

===== 0002601_18960704_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
&Barden.

AGENTS Wanted to push first-c'ass Machinery Oils; liberal coramtsslon.--t ox 31,Post Office, Liverpool. x

TAVELLERS AND AGENTS. —Good salary or commission Particulars SO.—MARLEY AND CO., Coniston. Lan- cashire.

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy aend 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, 'IXtO 1

-Chorley

%VAR MEDALS Wanted, dated 1848 or etrlier. Sovereign V V each given, reore for rarer vaietiea.—MAJolt wags, Droftwich.

A GENTS for Rubber Stamps.—Send to IfuNT, 53 _tIL liatherley-road, Walthamstow ; cheapest and best maker in the world.

you NG MAN WANTED, 355. per week and commission ; regular work; splendid opening—Address COMPO WORM. Farnworth, Bolton.LaL cs.

,CLOUGBRS.—WANIAII six Breakers-np contant work to steady men. Address J. H. WiLniaais. elogger, Ammanford. Carmarthenshire, S.W.

A GENTS WANTED everywhere, liberal commission, no .11. risk, guaranteed perfectly ge mine. Set of samples, etc., is —D. hichniEs, Chorlton-road, Mancht sten

AGENCIES on liberal terms for hors- insurance and treble risk vehicle and third party insurande. Write to Tit., BRITISH UNION INSURANCE, 3, Easteheap, Loud, n, E.C.,

TOBACCONISTS commencing: Illustrated Guide and Catalogue (259 pages) 3d.—TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTING Co., 186 Ruston-road, London. Established 1866; Manager.. HENRY MYERS.

NEW ZEALAND.—A gentleman farmer, now England. is willing to take two or three cadets ; a thorough farm eAucation ; premium inclusive, £lOO for one year.—Apely W. F. 111.. 25, Hans-road, Longon, S.W.

WANTEvery Lady to write to B—RADF :RD 41,1 MeNcßEs'i ER WAREHOUSE Co., Halifivt, for patterns • of NEW DRESS MATERIALS; six yards double width, 3s. 11d. Ladies' Tailor-made Costumes, 10s. 6d.

I' "TOME 811 WING.—Plain, simple work, per parcels post; OM weeitly easily earned; persons required everywhere, -patterns and instruction book 6 stamps ; many advertisements mislead, this is genuine.—WiLnY, Saviletown, Dewsbury. x

- - -- - -- -- BRITISH HOMES INVESTMENT CORPORATION LIMITED.—The phenomenal success of this genuine and progressive Institution still continues. Good agents wonted.—Apply JOHN PODAIOHE, Bewsey Chambers, War- rington.

910 posTm ASTERS —Re-engagement WANTED by young I lady 19; cntnretent all duties. S.N. A B C and aceounts. 3 years' experienc.. Live in. At liberty now. Good references.—C. TAYLOR, 68, High-st Whitchurch, Salop.

N\rANTHD. SHOP PRIMISES in best marketing thoroughfare of St. Helens, suitable grocery.—Apply, giving full particulars, measurements, rent. lease. Bcc. •' GROCER." 42, and 44, Great Tichfieid-street, Orford-street, London, W.

50 000 Aigeewnetlsl elVvik N andTliaDl tkoi nhao sl do fc 1 hu(l3, us sfoohr ow,atgcohoeiss, tor the London and Birmingham Watch Company; extraor- dinary commission ; everybody should write to us who are desirious of increising their income.—CENTRAL OFFICES, Corporelon-street, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ttbr.A,torli, &r.

PIGS.—R. D. GARRATT. Barton. Ampthill. Beds, can de- liver splendid growers and stores of all descriptions cheap now.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, troken knees, cracktd heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.; 20 oz.. 2s. of all Chemists. ATETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases nf Horses, Dogs, Bre. from CONDYII FLUID WORKS, 61, Turnmill-otreet. London,E .C.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be Eet.

DERCY-STREET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Boomed houses, re decorated 55. HOYLE-ST.. re-decorated I.fouses,3B.9d. B NK - STREET, ‘Varrington OFFICES, from £5, Room. PENKETII —Semi-detached HOUSES with gardens, £l5 and £l3 per year. Cottages 35.6 d. and 2s. 84. per wet•lt

Apply, ROBERT Lowr.. listate Aged, Market Gate Chambers • Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

IDREMISRS suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-stFeet.— Apply AsmoN Ais•D WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrineton.

PO LET.—Clcod COTTAGES off Lovely Lane, rent 4s.— _IL Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st„ Warrington.

'rllo LET.—Good HOUSE. 36, Pie-roint-street, rent 46.- 1 Apply METON and Warns, Solicitors, Horsemarke, street, Warrington.

7110 LET—Good HOUSE, 28, Catherine-st., 3 bedrooms. rent, 4s. 6d.- Apply ASHTON, and WOODS, solicitors, orse mark et-street, W arrington.

Cl--- HO P and HOUSE in best part of St. Anne's•on-Sea ; let for b years' lease; good Investment; to be sod cheap.— App' v J. HALL. Cabinet Maker, to.. St. Anne's-on-Sea.

J. kS • GARLAND,

YCLE AGENT, BR! DGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR 10 GUINEA LADIES' SAFETY. WEIGHT .311.n5. Sole Agent for "New Rapid" CYCLES. Irrunediate Delivery Guaranteed. No Waiting. T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND :CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.

TT MORELL,I7 and B,Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury. lii W.C. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Moulding. Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings &c. Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books FIFA pub- lished, 107 pa ges containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass' Lists Free monthly, Telegram RA. B BITRY, London."

===== 0002601_18960704_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
SAMUEL GEORGE DAVEY, LATE DIRECTOR AND SECRETARY, OF HENRY MILLING AND CO., LIMITED, HAS PURCHASED THE BUSINESS FOUNDED BY

_ ME. A. E. A. -SMITH at 2 AND 41 ACADEMY-ST., AND BUTTERMARKET - ST., WARRINGTON. AND HAS OPENED TRE PREMISES WITH A OHOICE SELECTION OF THE FRESHEST and FINEST QUALITY GOODS. WHICH ARE OFFERED AT THE LOWEST REMUNERATIVE FROYIT.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eprirs,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Tire Government has at last 01 The Rating Wit ceeded in forcing the Agrl- Bill. Rating Bill through the ffe Pc°6l Commons. It is not often any. measure P- ro .? by a responsible Government meets with S"vi, longed and determined opposition as Wood offered to this Rating Bill. But then it 01 years since any legislation so flagrantly je"4oos' sible as this has been placed before Parlitol The Government would have done 'letter own interests if they had abandoned the Illbeit Bill as they abandoned the Education Biii• however, decided to pass it at all costs, tenacious manner in which they stuck to it 5 be an admirable object known to the coilatfrio large. It shows vary clearly that the Tory Per Olg still above everything else, a landlord's parS37orill, splendid fight in face of an overwhe:ming re9' fOl/47 ofo made by Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT and his has had at least one excellent result-141 it thoroughly exposed the Bill in all its defe`.4 The debate on Wednesday night was in th- est degree instructive. The most onctiVa on the Government's own - side of the tiO of :Commons was Mr. WHITELEY, one ere" Tory members for Stockport, but he condemned the Bill and warned his 001 0.1 of the disastrous effect it would have 013 1.04:A fortunes of the Unionist party in all the be s 0 constituences of the country. Mr. WWI deo not hesitate to accuse the Unionist f of something like a betrayal of the interestsreoOy constituents, and he challenged atlY flrs Unionist candidate for an urban constittlsoo7:o the last election to produce any pronaisetenoodli a Bill of this description. It is eat to say that this challenge was •tlet fogilto No such candidate went beyond red intimation that he would be PreP.:6l,:j support legislation for the " relief of agrliotsll7„ If the electors of heavily rated urban distr to been told that they should be called aPee 000, bee vide another £2,000,000 a year for the tb6t wealthy landlords it is quite certaincessfisi.j, Tories would have been much less sic, eiect;p the boroughs than they were at the has' thst Some attempts have been made to dellYsvea WHITEI.EY represents what may be urban Conservative opinion of Lane: Cheshire on this subject, but he ulef iepaSal criticism on the part of his political 1r bi the candid offer to resign his seat and e„fte;ger 7.04 for re-election on the issue if his chaveopet undertake to do the same. No TorY yet had the hardihood to take gr• Ord his word. However loud!y they fogvideptyi House of Commons they are eb9ttef,joo opinion that " discretion is the OP', ee° of valour under the circumstan d I' ere! by the Rating Bill. It is novi

V I , '

===== 0002601_18960704_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
011-143', Voultr, &r.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ittable whether the Bill will be as popular even at Purely agricultural districts as the Government 2,11 e time evidently anticipated. In those parts genv'lle country where the agriculturists suffer from nine istress, the offer to " relieve" them to :46 extent of about a shilling per acre through the 7tltes 'will be regarded as nothing less than ttrkerY• What farmers really want in these dis- noets is a substantial reduction of rents, and tithing less will be of any benefit to them. That tlitte is plenty of room for landlords to relieve hbeir, Own tenants where relief is needed, is shown tne fact that while the average rating of land ti°lllsl 3s. 2d. per acre, the average rent is 7d. It may be seen therefore that those cases where the depression is Ittethe rel3' felt the abolition of the whole of rates might not bring the necessary zdf, while the landlord himself has an ample 'rgin to play upon. In those parts of the ,tetl:ll:l.ltrYin which there are no complaints of agri- - 'aural distress, what is likely to be the effect of ? Will the redaction of naafi not afford 44etext for an increase of rates? Already fears theb,eing expressed that this may be one result of ill, and if these tears be realised the Govern- Will eventually find that they have been with their own petar " even in the county —"44ltuences.

t, The THE deplorable loss of the Drum- mond mond Castle still continues to , 4,4 attract a great deal of attention. 4,l4ucial inquiry will, of course, be held, but as pitZis instance there is, owing to the very com- Ni • tless of the loss, an almost absolute dearth of b„.• kble evidence, a wide field for more or less nie 14.0 us theorising is left open. A Mr.Gxonox 0041 P; who writes from Eastbourne, suggests a ible explanation for the wreck of the Drum- ter Castle which should on general grounds tivlve some consideration. Mr. LACEY asserts t,he captain and officers of large passenger t‘,718 do not now-a-days give that exclusive at- -o°. to navigation that was formerly the prac- att;l Io the old days passengers did without itor'ecaents on board vessels,although the voyages longer, but now, it is said, the officers are areted, if not by the owners of the vessels, at kevents by a certain class of passengers to Icle entertainments of one sort or another. ales the dawn of the gold era," says Mr.LA.cxv, tevtlevy class of passenger has sprung up, which Beems to be happy unless engaged in some racket. They arc perpetually urging the (t)Ptaio and officers to 'getup ' something. They tile" into his cabin and never give him a mo- tadrlr3 rest, ,and if he resents it they dub him a tc.en I heard one of this class call a man who has yea,'"4 the -Union Company's service for thirty ka:s, and is probably one of the safest ship- tt4—,ters afilat, and a cultured gentleman to boot, uncivilised boor not fit to command a tilallger steamer' because he paid more atten- t° the navigation of his ship than to ii anl'asement of his passengers." This kqra strong statement, and, if it be ac- it is very much to the point. It • known that there was an entertain- -011 board the Drummond Castle on the night thia""Nreok, and if it can be ascertained that tip. WAS, directly or indirectly, a cause of def cc navigation, steamship companies may reason- -6e expected to prohibit• their officers. from, TaLt'lng part in the "revels of the passengers.' u° officers themselves will probably be the last grumble at such a prohibition. At the same eo‘kne, although Mr. LACEY declares that he is nvinced there was some connection between the I_°as of the Drummond •Caitle and the entertain- given on board just before, the public will oct'lerioubt wish to hear what can be said on the t. side before coming to a conclusion.

onttl/he recent success of Mr. C. Johnson,of Runcorn, the e eYeie track brings before the local athletes to fact that there is not an athletic club in the 117111. Raving in view the recent achievm eats of , r4ohnson we are inclined to think there are not a 'ew promising runners and cyclists, who, with ! little club coaching would uphold on many a gala t.leld the prestige that Rtincorn holds in the athlet- ic world, It (lees seem a pity that a town which has turned out a Rugby team of cup-winning foot- bailers is unable to boast of a club for the furthe r- • eof general athletics. It is also strange that no enterprising organisation has had the energy to not and maintain an annual athletic gathering*

We are asked to draw attention to a new danger to Pedestrians on Norman-road, Runcorn. That Ilaad possessing as it does a long level stretch has uecorne infested with a few cycling enthusiastsi 'Who nightly career at break-neck speed along it, 14Och to the Langer of women and children in the toad. It is not the general body of cyclists who Call forth this complaint but a few who, having ;oo tlttOch energy, and too little regard tor the safety of he public, cr.dke themselves a nuisance to foot angers along the locality named by converting ' Into a racing track.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
r.so tor 30

k

EL1062,14.--FIRST-CLASS BOARDINCI• or LOD., GI N. - Ise to pier • a rare ehAnoon—Sxtiti, 41, oat Brighton.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CHOIR SERMONS AT ST. MICHAEL'S RUNCORN.

-----.--. _ _ On Sunday two sermons were •preached on behalf of the choir of the above church and in the morning the Rev, G. D. Wray, of Halton was the special preacher

while at the eve-ning service, a similar duty was per- formed by the Rev. A. J. Jameson, vicar of St. Augus7

tines, Brucksway. The collections amounted- to £8 83. 61.—1 t may be interesting to add that the junior members ot the choir took their annual outing on Mon-

-4:17,77,--on-wiic; day, accompanied by the Re-v. H. C. Moyle, they went to Southport where an enjoyable day

was spent

- ELLESMERE SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN. The anniversary services in connection with the school were held on Sunday last two appropriate and instruc- tive sermons being preached by the Rev. R. Percival. In the afternoon,beforß a large gathering, a musical rervice was held and presided over by the Rev. R. Percival. The soloists were Misses M. Paul, Holford, and Mr. Wesley Cooke, and a duet was also rendered by Misses Lucy Rutter and Holford. Recitations were given by Misses Hilda Newall, Mary IVlooxes, and Lizzie Holford. The collections throughout the day amounted to £2O 23.

BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. As will be geen by a reference to our advertising columns the 96th anniversary of Brunswick Wesleyan Sunday School, will take place on Sunday, when two sermons will be preached by the Rev. B. H. May. of Handsworth College, in St. Paul's Chapel, Runcorn. The Brunswick Schools bear the reputation of being 'the old- est and largest school in the locality and during the many years religious instruction has been going on in them much good must have been done. The Rev. H. H. May, who is a rising, young preacher of Methodism, will also preach on Monday night from the unusual subject "Red, White, Bay, Grisled and nick Horses." NEW TEACHERS AT RUNCORN.

_ A special meeting of the Runcorn School Band took' place last Saturday, the business being the filling of the vacancies on the Board teaching staff in Runcorn. There ' were present the Chairman (Mr. Pritchard), the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Mr. E. Imison, C.C., Mr. F. G. Norman, ' JP., and Mr. G. Moss (clerk). Several candidates for the vacancies were also in attendance. The following appointments were made :—Miss E. Garner, Liverpool, headmistress of Granville-st. Girls' School, salary £9O per annum ; Miss Holden, Liverpool, certificated assist- ant teacher at Victoria Road Boys' School, selary £B5 per annum; and Miss Daguid, Bellingham, Northum- berland, assistant mistress at Granville-et. Infants' School, salary £4O per annum. RUNCORN INDUSTRIAL BUILDING SOCIETY. Mr. E. Ridge presided over the annual meeting of this society which was held on Thursday. The eleventh annual report and balance sheet were submitted by Mr. J. E. Meredith, secretary. From the financial statement it was seen that the year commenced with a balance of £lBl 123. 4d., and £321 is. 91. had been received in members subscriptions, repayment of appropriation, Sze. On the adverse side £235 had been advanced on mortgage, £3O 93. Id. paid for working expenses and £228 14s. in withdrawals, leaving a balance in hand of £l4 103. In the revenue account the balances at the end of the year were shown at £1,328 93. 11d, due to shareholders and £2 193. ld. undivided profits, not including prospective profit which was estimated at £4lO. Messrs. John A. Goodwell and Richard KtileTOSS were re-elected directors and Messrs. W. Handley and Joseph Pritchard were gain appointed auditors. FLOWER SERVICES AT BETHESDA CHURCH, RUNCORN. In connection with tbe Bethesda Congregation Church, Runcorn, flower services were held last Sunday. The services both morning and evening were well attended, the congregation in the evening being an exceptional gathering. The decorations were well up to the stand- ard of previous years, the interior of the church being tastefully decorated. The pulpit was neatly garbed with lilies, creepers and oranee blossoms, while the table fronting the pulpit bore many beautiful bouquets, lavis- hly bestowed by the members of the congregation. The whole of the decorations were creditable to the skilful hands of those who assisted,to whom every praise is due. The set mons were preached by the pastor,. the Rev. J. Simpson, who in the evening preached, under the title of "A Summer Sermon," an appropriate address. Special music was rendered by the choir and solos were given by Mrs. Timperley. The flowers,after the iservices, were distributed amongst the sick, while a portion was I reserved for the Widnes Hospital. ST. EDWARD'S CATHOLIC CHURCH, RUNCORN. The anniversary serums in connection with the Wes- leyan Schools were preached on Sunday in the above church. The preacher—the Rev. Father Day, in the morning,took for his subject, "The scandal of our little ones," and dealt at censiderable length with the late Education Bill, and the attitude of the Board schools to religious teaching. The preacher pointed out the cruel disparity between board and voluntary sehools, and said the former did not supplement, but on the contrary rather superseded the latter, which was an infringement of the rights of the Church. The schools were a scandal because they had no thfiriite religious system, and this was the actual state of education given to.over 2,000,000 children in Christian England. Toe musical part of the service consisted of "Kyrie" and "Gloria" from Gosinod's "Messe Solennelle," and selections from Turner's "Missa de Santa Cecilia " ; with the offertory "0 Jesu bone pastor." Glover. The solos were rendered by Miss A. Richardson (Warrington). Messrs. Dockrey, and Lycns. In the evening the Rev. Father Day took for his subject "Of such is the Kingdom of Heaven."

RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPRRANCE.,

On Saturday the half-yearly meeting of the above organisation was held in the Greenway-road schools. Mr. Thomas Heesom preshled. Special reference was made to the death of' Mr. Robert Shingler, who kad been a member since its institution in the town. On the motion of Mr. Daniel Bishrown,seconded by Mr. Thomas Cooke, the following resolution of condolence was re- corded. " That this meeting tenders its sympathy to Mrs. Shingler in her sail bereavement, and records the appreciation of the services rendered by her late hus- band." After some consid Tation it was decided not to hold a demonstration on August Bank Holiday this year. The following were appointed as representatives at the Grand Division meeting to be held at Winsford on July 20th. :—Messrs. D. Bisbrown, Thomas Cooke, Thomas Whyte, Temnas Clarke and Thomas Heesom. The fol- lowing:,offiners were elected for the next six months : Patriarch (chairman),Mr. George Holt ; associate, Mr. James Fowles ; finan:;ial secretary, Mr. Eiward Key ; recording secretary,Mr. Thomas G.Holt ; treasurer, Mr. D. Bisbrown ; conductors,Nlr. E. Key,jun.,and Mr. John Fowle;i sentinel, Mr. Ribert Hussey ; auditors, Messrs. Thomas-and William Cooke ; sick stewards, Messrs. Thomas Clarke and James Johnson. Cadet or juvenile order, secretary, Mr. J. Johnson, and treasurer, Mr. , Thomas Whyte. MUSICAL SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S RUNCORN. On Wednesday evening a large audience assembled in , St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, Runcorn, to bear a musical service promoted by the choir, for the benefit of Mr. Harry Millington, one of their members, who recently met with a very severe accident. The arrangements were carried out with great enthusiasm and everything had been done to make the service a success. The choir was augmented by members of ther churches in the town who readily came forward to help, with the re- sult that the chorus included about 90 voices. A lengthy prograinrne embracing selections from most of the best known composers was submitted and thoroughly appre- ciated by the audience. The choruses g ven were : Be not afraid,"" 0 Father whose almighty power," "The Heavens are telling," (the trio its which was taken by Miss Jones, Mr. E. Worrell, and Mr. A. Shingler). "We never will bow down," " Ile,watching over Israel," and " Halle', jab," and tti-e choir at every effort demon- strated the careful training it had undergone. Mr. R. Birkett Musgrove, who presided at the organ gave several selections during the evening, and his efforts were highly appreciated. Special mention may be made of the following individual cif rts, cornet solos by Mr. R. W. Pierpoint, mit and air, " For behold darkness," and "The people have walked in darkness," by Mr. H. Branch, solo" He was despised," by Mr. Leathwood, solo" Come unto Him," by Miss A. Stubbs, duet" 0 lovely peace," by Misses A. Tavlor,and Simkin,quartette " Cast thy burden," by the Misses Jones and Birkett. The orchestral accompaniments were played by a num- ber of local musicians led by Mr. W. Kay, and Mr. B. Crosley conducted the choir. The successful arrange- ments of the concert were carried out by a committee to which Mr. W. Pendlebury acted as secretary. The Rev. T. Pattison was able to announce before the close of the concert that the proceeds were £34 124. LOCAL GOvERNIIENT INQUIRY AT RUNCORN. On Wednesday morning, Mr. Rienzi Walton, M. Inst. C.E., attended at the Town Hall, Runcorn, for the pur- pose of holding a public inquiry in connection with the application of the Runcorn Urban District Council to the Local Government Board, for sanction to borrow £6,432 for works of private street improvement and £2BO for purposes of street ..yatering, sewerage, and public street improvement. Amongst those present at the inquiry were Mr. J. W. Lightburn, J.P., chairman of the Coun- cil, Mr. W. Handley, Mr. S. Walton, Mr. F. A. Lake, Mr. E. Marshall,and Mr. J. Wilding. Mr. Lake, the clerk to the Council, explained that the area of the township was , 1,153 acres, and the total population at the last census was returned at 20,050. The rateable value of the town was in the gross £58,520 6s. Bd. and the assessable value £47,857 7s. 11d. Tne loans of the Counc:l were :—Yer- manent Works (general) £12.687 ; Private Street Works £8,650; Water Works £71300; Burial Board £4,780 ; Technical Institute £1,450; total £98,867. Tney asked for the loan for private street works for 10 years, for the scavenging and watering 15 years, for the sewering of Periketh-Lane £B5 for 30 Year's, and the improvement m of Noran.. road £65 for 30 years, Sutveyor said there were 27 streets to be made, and the usual notices had been properly served. Balfour-st. would be 381 t. wide with a 7ft. footpath, and the others would be 301 t. setow irt, hhmaadr. 3btLeteak . nee itichei; footpath.—ln answer to the inspec- but a r f o saidsent t o t h teb Co o LocalnG Council hadv ne ro b mye e ta w Boards„ approval. Thirty feet was the width prescribed by the sAuc rt vuenydoerrs 11;tvi said itchhe twh eb rCkowu nocoi lid hbaed fu s ua a lsl ybuadiatre db.—ataTrehe. The Inspector plplaces afterao d will concludingio de e e course inquiry a e re po visitedtb e L otehael va.rieus •Government Board. The result will be in the hands of the Council at an early data.

DRUNK AT RUNCORN.

On Tuesday at tlie—iitliCorn-Police Court, beiore Mr. F. 'J. Norman, Jane Ball Cooper, a market woman, was fined ss. for drunkenness the previous day.

SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN ATHLETE,

Success still attends the efforts of 0. Johnson, a well known local cyclist, who again demonstrated his abili- ties on the path by carrying off third prize in the two miles' bicycle handicap at Formby sports on Saturday last.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATUR IC, JULY 4.

RUNCORN LIRERAL ASSOCIATION.

On Wednesday evening a meeting under the auspices of the above Association was held in the Liberal club. The business was private. We understand the chief items were to consider whether to fight all future elec- tions on political lines,and also to suggest that a fund be raised at once to place the party finances on a satisfac- tory basis.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING MATCH AT RUNCORN

On Thursday afternoon Messrs. Thomas Dean and William Sherratt,two well-known Runcorn bowlers met on the Wilson's Hotel Bowling Green to decide a private match. There was a good attendance and an interest- ing game was witnessed. The terms of the match were 81 up fur £5 aside, and Mr. Dean ran up to his total while his opponent compiled 73. The game resulted in favour of the first-named by 7 points. GIRLS' FRIENDLY SOCIETY PICNIC, RUNCORN.

—.— On Wednesday afternoon about 120 members of the Girls' Friencily S)ciety in connection with the Parish and St. Michael's Churches, Runcorn, held their annual pic- nic. The party travelled to Overton in conveyances supplied by Messrs. Booth and Sons. At Overton service was held in the church. After which the rest of the afternoon was spent in the pleasure resorts of the neigh- bourhood. The Rev. W. R. Staples was in charge of the party, which returned to Runcorn shortly after eight o'clock.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CYCLING CLUB.

Last Saturday a number of the members of this club set out for Winnington.which place was reaahed in good time for the athletic festival in the Park. The Wednes- day fixture was Broxton, for which locality a fair num- ber started. On the road the weather became so un- favourable it was decided to call a halt at Chester,where the afternoon was sp.,nt and tea provided. RUNCORN WESLEYAN CIRCUIT QUARTERLY MEETING,.

The quarterly meeting of the Runcorn Wesleyan Cir- cuit was held on Monday-afternoon. Aboir 50 members were present to whom tea was supplied by Mesdames Rawlinson, F. J. Norman, George and Glicidon. Subse- quently the meeting was held over which the Rev. T. Brackenbury presided. The stewards (Messrs. Rawlin- son and Norman, presented their report which was read and adopted. The numerical report read by the Chair- man gave a gratifying increase in membership.—A vote of thanks was passed to Sister Annie for her admirable work at Weston and Weston Point, and a committee was appointed to •consider the question of retaining her services.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

TUESDAY. —Before his Honour Judge. Wynne-Ffoulkes.

A DISPUTE OVER GROCERIES.—WiIIiaIII Shore, grocer and chaese dealer, Frodshan2 Bridge, sued William Fearnett, for a sum of £3 103. • 6d., value of groceries supplied. Plaintiff, his wife and daughter severally proved the delivery ol the goods and the non-payment of the accounts sent in, and defendant denied contract- ing the debt or the receipt of the groceries. In support of his statement he called his wife, who also denied giv- ing the order or receiving the goods. His Honour gave judgment for the pla ntiff for the amount claimed, to be naid at the rate of 53. per month. A FEATHER BED STORY.—Edward Clark. of Kingswood farm, Frodsham, claimed £1 163. from Jane Bradburn, Peel-st., Runcorn, for feathers supplied. Defendant did not deny the purchasing of the feathers, but said she took them on the understanding that they were dressed. When the feathers were delivered they turned out to be undressed, and she had to get assistance to do the dres sing 'nerself. Evidence was called in support of he statement, but his Honour gave judgment for the amount claimed, pointing out that defendant ought to have examined the feathers before she concluded the bargain.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held in the Town Hall on Thursday morning. Present—Mr. J. W. Lightburn, J.P. (in the chair), the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi ; Messrs. H. J. Grice, J. Jones, W. Handley, J. Wilson, T. Dean, D. Bisbrown, P. Speakman, J.P., C.A., E. Imison, C.C., M. Sweettnan, J. Pritchard, J. Horsefield, G. Hewitt, F. A. Lake (clerk), E. Marshall (secretary), and J. Wilding (surveyor).

===== 0002601_18960704_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. McDougal reported that there had been 24 deaths registered during the last six months. One was an in- quest case,and of the 23 remaining 4 were duet° cancer, 8 to pneumonia, 3 to infantile diarrhoea, 2 to infantile convulsions, 2 to congenital debility, 1 each to typhoid fever, phithis, tubercular meningitis, senile decay, heart disease, pleurisy,sunstroke,and nervous disease. The 24 deaths show an average death rate for the 12 months of 15.5, and exclusive of the inquest case 149. Sixty-two births were registered during the month.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE.

This Committee recommended the adoption of the fol- lowing plans :—Of Mr. William Rowland 4of two stables with harness rooms and coach houses proposed to be erected at the rear of houses in Moughland-lane ; of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and C0.,0f internal alterations at the Nelson Inn, High-st. ; of Mr. D. Watkin of a'aingle-storeyed shop proposed to be erected in Church- street ;of Messrs. W. Farrell and Son of 17 houses pro- posed to be erected in the Holloway. (Original plan passed on the 14th May) ; of Mr. J. J. Bowyer of two cottages proposed to be erected at the junction at Heath- road and Victoria-road.

The recommendations were confirmed on the motion of Mr. Bisbrown seconded by Mr. Speakman.

HEALTH COMMITTEE.

This committee recommended that Mr. James Perci- val be appointed inspector of nuisances for ths urban district of Runcorn at a salary at the rate of £125 a year, subject to the appointment being determined on one month's notice being given. Mr. Handley moved the adoption of the minutes of the Health Committee and pointed out that Mr. Percivll would by the foregoing resolution be a permanent !Ali- cia' on the same tooting as the Council's other officials. With reference to the medical officer's report be might supplement it by saying that the notification of infec- tious diseases had been very satisfactory. Three months ago 23 cases of infectious diseases were notified, last month the members dropped to nine and this month it had been reduced still further to four. Four of the wards had been entirely without infectious disease. There had been one case of typhoid fever in the Halton Ward, and three cases of scarlet fever in the Mersey Ward.—Mr. Jones seconded the minutes, which were passed*

WATER COMMITTEE. The Water Committee recommended that the tender of the Staveley Coal and Iron Co. for the supply of 309 yards 3" iron pipes and 100 yards of 6" iron pipes be accepted, and that a 6" sluice valve be obtained from the Glenfield Company.—Confirmed on the motion of Mr. Pritchard. MARKETS AND CEMETERY COMMITTEE. The Markets and Cemetery Committee recommended that the following be the scale of charges for the use of the fire engine and apparatus in respect of fires lccurr- ing outside the urban district : Three guineas when the engine and apparatus is conveyed to a fire but not used. Four guineas when used for any perio4 not exceeding three hours ' • Five guineas when used for any period exceeding three hours. Dr. Grastaldi moved the adoption of tho minutes and Mr. Jones seconded. Mr. Dean asked a ques floc respecting the scale of chsrges for the use of the fire engine in the country dis- tricts. He wished to know whether the scale had been altered or not. For his own part he did not see why they should be so very modest in their charges to country dis- tricts. He took it that they did not contribute to their rates and lie understood the Council had been in the habit of charging £5 fist* the use of the engine.—Mr. Bisbrown said that when the matter cane under con- sideration it was felt that £5 was an exorbitant charge. Complaints had been laid to the Council by people who had used the engine, for a short time, and they found they were in excess of other districts in charging. The present scale was laid on the basis of scales, used by other authorities.—A member asked whether that included the horse hire.—Mr. Bisbrown in reply said that it was exclusive of horse hire for which they had a special resolution.—Mr. Dean said had he known that he I would not have asked the question, as he was basing his I calculations on the horse hire.

SPECIAL BUSINESS.

The Chairman reported that he had received the fol- lowing letter from the Local Government Board :—" I am directed by the Local Government Board to state that at a joint request of the Town Councils of Man- chester and Salford and the Urban District Council of Stretford. the Board had withdrawn and revoked the order which they had made on the 23rd March, 1896, and which became provisional for the construction of a permanent Port Sanitary Authority for the port of Manchester, and I am to forward for the informa- tion of the Urban District Council of Runcorn, the enclosed draft, of an order which the Board propose to mak. setting up as a temporary port sani- tary authority for a period of three years. a joint board, consisting of representatives of the Town Councils of Manchester and Salford, and the urban district of Stret- ford.—Mr.Speakman considered that the letter was very satisfactory to the committee which had had the matter in hand.—The Chairman was empowered to affix the seal of the Council to a contract with James Allen, senior and Sons.—Dr. Gastaldi asked whether the com- mittee formed a few months ago to enquire into the trade of the town had done anything.—fhe Chairman said they had m..t several times and had a number of suggestions before them.—The meeting then came to a conclusion. .Zioraalia

===== 0002601_18960704_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DISTRICT COUNCIL,

BUSINESS OF THE NEXT MEETING.

A meeting of this Council will be held in Ear:estown Town Hall on Monday next when the following among other business will be sebmitted. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.-MORE CORRESPONDENCE. This Committoe reports the receipt of another letter from the Education Department stating that if the managers of a school fail to give such information as is required to enable the School Attendance Committee to ascertain whether a child, resident in their district and attending that school, attends the same, they must cause to be produced to a duly authorised officer or member of the Committee at any reasonable time, the registers, &c., containing information with respect to the attendance of children and shall permit him to in- spect and take copies of and extracts from the same. A letter had also been received from the Rev. J. J. Lennon (managars' correspondent of St. Mary's and St. John's Roman Catholic day schools, Newton-le-Willows) stating that he had received a letter from the Education depart- ment; he also etated that the managers of the school had fixed the first and third or second and fourth Wed- nesdays of each month at 4.15 p.m.as the time when the school attendance officer of the committee could attend at their schools and ascertain the names of absentees,but that the managers would arrange that a pupil or assist-' ant teacher should be present to see that no further use was made of the registers. He also enclosed a copy of a letter which be stated would be forwarded by that even- ing's post to the Education Department. After consider- ing the foregoing letters the committee resolved that the Clerk be directed to acknowledge the receipt of the letter dated June 12th, from the Education Department, and to thank them for so promptly advising the commit- tee upon the:matter at issue, and that he enclose copy of the letter received from the managers' correspondent of Roman Catholic Day Schools, as well as a copy of the one which he stated was about to be sent up to the Education Department, both of which bore date of June 15th, 1896. It was also resolved that the second Wed- nesday in each month, at 4.15 p.m.,be the day and time when the school attendance officer shall present himself at the Roman Catholic day schools for the purpose of being supplied with, or of obtaining such information as the committee are legally entitled to, under section 22, Elementary Act, 1873,as set forth in the letter from the Education Department of June 12th, 1896. HIGHWAYS, PUBLIC WORKS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. This committee report the receipt of a letter dated June Bth, from Mr. Pardey, Lord Newton's agent, in answer to the Clerk's letter of the 4th of June informing him that a numerously signed petition had been addressed to the Chairman of the Council calling atten- tion to the insanitary and dangerous state of the pit at the junction of Crow-lane and Market-street. Mr. Pardey stated that he would give instructions for the pit to be fenced off or filled up. A letter was read from Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons calling attention to the disgraceful state of the footpath in Faircicugh-street. After a discussion,it was proposed by Mr. Borron, seconded by Mr. Thompson "that the footpath on one side of Fairclough-street be paved." An amendment was proposed by Mr. Gilmour, seconded By Mr. Ormand, "That the matter be deferred until the private streets within the district requiring attention are completed." Five votes were recorded for the amendment and four for the motion. The Chairman declared the amend- ment to be carried. A letter was read from Captain Royse, R.N. Newton- le-Willows, complaining that on the 18th of jay one of the Council's officials had allowed men and animals con- nected with the Fair to make use of the private road past his house. The Clerk was directed to say that the Committee had given instructions to prevent a recur- rence of his complaint. Tenders for carting as may be required by the Com- mittee for one year commencing July let, 1898, were submitted. A letter dated May 30th, 1896, was read from Mr. R. Jones of Bridge-St.. Earlestown (the present contractor for carting), reminding the Committee that his contract had yet two years to run. The Committee examined the contract signed by Mr. Jones. After a eiscussion it was resolved—that the tender of Mr. R. Jones be recommended to the Council for acceptance, provided he would agree to the contract being for a period of three years, commencing July Ist, 1896, at the prices quoted in his tender. Mr. Gregory, the deputy sanitary inspector, in his report states that the district is now quite free from cases of infectious diseases, though there are a few cases of scarlet fever in hospital. His monthly tolls for street hawking are £3 7s. 11d.;market tolls, £26 103. 3d.•' total £29 183. 2d. That amount includes £7 53., tolls for Newton horse and cattle fair. For the corresponding per- ind of last year the tolls were £29 53. 7d.,which included £7 10s. 9d. for tolls at the fair. Several nuisances were reported, and it was resolved that seven days' notice for their abatement should be served. Building plans were considered with reference to which it was resolved—that plans for a new Post Office at Newton-le-Willows, and of alterations and additions to the Railway Hotel, Earlestown, be approved and passed. Tenders for the erection of closets on the market were submitted, and it was resolved that the tender of Elis Bunting for the erection of closets on the Market for the sum of £B6 10s. be accepted. It was resolved that Messrs. Gilmour. Simpson, and MacMahon, with the chairman of ,the committee, be a sub-committee re stalls in the market.

GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE.

—..— A letter was read to the committee from Mr. John I Bridge, Parkiide, Newton-le-Willows, applying fer a supply of water. Mr. Bridge also attended in person and explained to the committee what he required ' • after a discussion it was resolved that Mr. John Bridge, of Parkside, Newton-le-Willows, be granted a supply of , water on the following conditions, viz. :—That he pro- I vide his own watercart and be permitted at the Bull'sl Head hydrant at the rate of 61. per load for a period of one month from the lfich June, 1896,the Council to lend him a stand-pipe and hose for which he be held res- ponsible as well as for the hydrant in case of damage or loss whether caused by his own negligence or otherwise, and that he keep a correct record of the water supplied. The Gas Manager reports that the illuminating power of the gas has beefs kept up to 20 candles. Quotations for 1-inch strong single brackets, and /- inch slide pendants were submitted, and it was resolved that the quotation of Mr. J. H. Dutton, Market-street, Earlestown,for the supply of inch strong single gas brackets at 28i. per dozen, anti inch strong slide pen- dants at 429. per dozen, as may be required by the Gas Manager for one year from July 15t,1896, be accepted. It was resolved that the tender of Mr. H. France of Crow-lane, Newton-le-Willows, for carting as may be re- quired by the Gas Committee for one year from the Ist day of July,lB96.be accepted at the prices and conditions named in his tender. FINANCE COMMITTEE.

• This committee report that the Clerk was instructed to make application to the Local Government Board for sanction to the appointment of Mr. Brierley,surveyor to the Council.aa inspector of nuisances to the Council, at a salary of £l5O per annum, and after such sancti3R has been obtained the clerk be further directed to apply to the Lancashire County Council for the annual payment of one half of the salary sanctioned to be paid to the in- spector of nuisances.

NOTICE OF MOTION. The Chairman of the Council (Mr. Borron) gives notice that be will move that the following resolution passed by the Commissioners on the 18',h day of November, 1893, viz. :—" That the list of charges and regulations for the letting of the Town flail now brought forward be approved "be rescinded.

SHIP CANAL. TRADE FOR THE HALF YEAR.

Dwring the month of June 734 seagoing vessels, with an aggregate net registered tonnage of 189,159 tons, ar- rived at and sailed from the port of Manchester,bringing up the total seagoing traffic for the half year ended on Tuesday last to considerably over a million net regis- tered tons. The record of the port for the last six months is one of steady, and, on the whole, rapid pro- gress, although in one or two directions its development has been retarded by unfriendly influence. Thus the effort made by the Levant meichants to obtain a dirt ct steamship service from the canal failed in consequence of a small but influential minority supporting the Conference shipowners in their hostile attitude. aimilarly the China trade, which a year ago was of great importance and promise, has been almost entirely rediverted t,) Birkenhead by the shipowners, acting in concert. This loss will, it is believed, be only tempor- ary, as arrangements are being made for a powerful Japanese steamship company, unfettered by Conference restrictions, to establish an ooposition service between Manchester and the Far East. In nearly every other direction unmistakable success has attained the efforts of the Canal management to attract traffic. In the other long-distanced trades, almost without exception, the volume of traffic has increased in a gratifying manner.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN RUGBY FOOTBALL UNION.

At a meeting of the Northern Rugby Football Union held at Huddersfield on Thursday night, the following new ckubs were admitted :—Swinton Church, Runcorn Recreation, and Runcorn Victoria. The committee ruled that the presentations made from the club funds to re- tired players constituted an act of professionalism on the part of both players and club. A. letter was read from the Wigan shop assistants, asking the union to form a Wednesday League. The committee decided that, though they could not form the proposed league, they would give the movement all the encouragement , they could. The rules of the Union,by laws of counties, and of challenge cup competitions proposed to be insti- tuted were revised.

SIR J. T. BRUNNER AFD THE RUNCORN CYCLING CLUB. The Secretary of the Runcorn Cycling Club has re- ceived during the week a communication from Sir J. T. Brunner, Bart., Bart., M.P., enclosing £lO to the fund, inaugurated by the Cycling Club for the provision of a ot tage Hospital.

WARItINGTO'N.

GIFT TO THE NATIONAL ART GALLERY.

The " Times" announces that Mr. Holbrook Gas- kell, of Woolton Wood, near Liverpool, has pre- sented to the National Gallery an important pic- ture by Wm. J. Muller, entitled "Dredging on the Medway." The Picture is hung in Et ylin XXI.

IRON and 1311Acsb is IS U3TE j• —GARLAND, iron- monger, Warrington.—Advt. WEDDING AT GRAPPENIIALL.

On Tuesday afternoon Wt-3-delin of Mr. T. Taylor, son of a Liverpool merchant, to Miss Fair- hurst, daughter of Mr. Robert Fairhurst, of Grappenhall, took place in Grappen- hall Parish Church. The proceedings were witnessed by a fairly large congregation as the bride is well known in the village. She was very prettily attired, and was given away by her father. The weather during the morning was very unpro- pitious, but by the time the happy couple left the church, amidst the congratulations of their friends, the sun shone brilliantly. A large number of use- ful presents have been received by Mr. and Mrs. Taylor. HVBRY CYCLIST should use JOHN S. ORR BN'S NEW ROAD MAP,6O miles about WarringLon,ls.6d.nett. at 34, Bridge-st. and 23,Buttermarket-st.—Advt. SCHOOL BOARD MIMING AT SANKRYI

The monthly meeting of the Great Sankey School Board was held on Tuesday evening in the Board -chools, Mr. W. P. Skelton in the chair. There were also present—Mr. Joseph Wright, Hr. Henry Bate, Mr. James Fairclough, Mr. George Clarke (bead master), and Mr. W. D. Jeans, jun. (clerk):— The Cl.-rk reported that there was a balance in handl of £3O 94. 2d. ¶1 he payments of the month would be about £43, but a precept had been issued for £lOO, half of which would be, received next week. They might also shortly expect the quarterly fee grant.—Mr. Jeans observed that in accordance with the instructions of the Board he had paid a Vigt to Messrs. Heywood and Co., of Manchester, and that he had ordered a number of desks for the schools at a cost of -El 7e. each. A. discount of 2 per cent had been allowed reducing the total cost to £9 43. 31 The desks had been in use several days.— The Chairman observed that that was the last meeting but one of the present Board. The election of the new Board would take place in August.— The other business before the Board was of a routine character TRAVELLING TRUNKS.—GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrington —Advt. SUNDAY SCHOOL TREAT AT DARESBURY.

On Saturday, about 170 of the Church Sunday School scholars attending the schools at Daresbury, Moore, Preston Brook and Hatton, were given an excellent tea by Mrs. William, C. Jones, of the Oak- lands. At three o'clock the scholars with their teachers arrived at Daresbury School, and com- menced amusing themselves in a field kindly placed at their di,posal by Mr. Joseph Billington. A little later the Warrington Blue Coat School band arrived, adding to the children's enjoyment, and after tea, cricket and games of all kinds were indulged in, including racing, tugs-of-war, &c., for which money prizes were given. Nuts, strawberries, buns, and sweets were distributed, and the happy evening was brought to a close by the Vicar proposing that hearty cheers be given for Mr. and Mrs. Jones for their kindness in providing the necessary funds for the treat. The following teachers siAd friends were present, and assisted in the pre;.aration of the tea: ' The Revs. H. Taprell Clark and J. W. Gilbertson, Mrs. Clark, Mrs. Gilbertson, Mrs. Wright, Mrs. Priestley, Misses Rodger, Darlington, Earp, Horrabin, Johnson, Hatton, Heywood, Green, and Messrs. P. DA Prez and S. Whitlow. Mrs PONSONBY'S HAIR RESTORE:R. n great disoos,ery, a Most Refreshing Wash, Marvellous Results, Innurnmable Testimonials, Estronised by Royalty. In great demsnd by Professionals. makes the Hair Grow, prev.mts Bald- ness, Invigorating, restores hair to its natural colour, gives healthy and youthful appearance. Most astonish- ing results ;2s 6d Bottle, post free.—Address Mts. PON- SORRY. 25. Lime-st., Liverpool—Advt. INQUEST ON A WARRINGTON CARTER.

On Monday morning. Joeph Stafford, 5, Cambria- place, expired suddenly at his residence. He was taken ill on Friday night but it was thought not seriously and no doctor was sent for until Monday morning when it was no'iced by those who Were watching him that his condition was precarious. Despite all their efforts, however, he expired about a quarter-past nine. lie was for many years em- ployed by Messrs. Pilkington as a carter. An in- quest on the body was held on 'I tiesday at the Borough Police Court, before Mr. Brighouse. The coroner said in thi- case there. had been rumours that deceased had stated that he received his in-

juries in a fight with another man. Inquiries, had been made into the matter. Dr. Ernest Bowden, deposed to reeking a post-mortem examination on the deceased and found internally that there were signs of pleurisy of some duration. Both lungs showed chronic bronchitis. The heart was dilated. Dr. Campbell, wbo bad been attending the deceased for some years, said he had been suffering from a dilated heart and chronic bronchitis. Mary Pierce, a stepdaughter of the deceased, gave evidence as to finding her father dead in bed. The jury found that the deceasei died from "Natural causes." War-

LAWN MO WE RS.—GARLAND, Bridg e-street, rington ,—Advt. BOATING ACCIDENT AT PADDINGTON LOCKS

_ On Sunday evening at Paddington Locks, a skiff was hired from Mr. Platt in which three men, a , boy about twelve years of age and a baby twelve months old started for a row on the river. About 5.15 p.m. they were in that part of the river near Paddington Locks. when it is stated one of the party got up to step out on to an old bat lying near the side. In doing so the boat capsized and the occupants were all thrown into the water. A. man on the bank jumped in.with the object of rescu- ing those in the water, but, unfortunately, he was soon in difficulties himself, and calling lot help. An oil boat from Manchester, the 14 umber, was just being locked in the Bridgewater Canal at the time, and the Lockma-ster (Mr. John Rathbone), his son (Mr. Peter Rathbone), Mr. Thomas Ward (the captain), the engine driver (Thomas Bent), and a man named Cornelius Kinsey gave timely assist- ance. Those in the water were in a critical posi- tion, and Mr. Rathbone lost no time in reaching the baby, who was resting on the chest of one of the men, with a boat hook. The others were in turn taken from the water, one man appearing to be suffering from the effects of his immersion,alt hcu,:h the other men did not appear any the worse. Mr. Peter Rathbone, who was a member of the Pad- gate C.L.B. Ambulance Class, rendered what assist- ance was necessary to those taken from the water. "AN ARTFUL DoDGER"

On Friday night a man dressed in seafaring cos- tume was giving exhibitions of feats of strength on the Earlestown Market-place before admiring crowds. After finishing his performance there he got into Market-street, and allowed himself to be tied to a lamp-post, undertaking to free himself. He was however, unable to do so, and his furtile efforts caused considerable amusement. Sergeant Banks eventually released the man from his bonds. The strong man ultimately set out for Warrington. but on arriving in Wargrave-road he evidently be- came disheartened with the task of having to trudge a weary five miles at nearly midnight. Con- seluently he either had a fir, or cleverly simulated one, with the result that the whole neighbourhood was aroused, including P.C. Schofield. All efforts to restore the man were however without avail,and Mr. T. Bowes, relieving officer, was sent for. The latter procured a cab,and the man having been lifted in, Mr. Bowes drove off with him to the War- rington workhouse. When just entering Warring- ton the man suddenly revived, and Mr. Bowes is new inclined to think that the man was an old dodger and knew how to obtain a free ride to his destination.

_ TRIED AND PROVED! Sufferers from Grivel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Pack Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Disms a of Kidney. Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices is. Of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps trom HOLDROVD's Medical Hall Checkhe,ateu, Yorks. Sold at 35, Bridge-st Warringtca. Don't be put off, If you cannot get them write to,the,Proprietor and a box will be seat next Post, A.dvt

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT..

I HURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thursday in answer to Mr. Maclean, Mr. CRA.MBERLAIN said Sir F. Carrington was solely responsible for advice to .the Government in regard to the forces required to put down the rebellion in Rhodesia. Bare the rebellion began the Imperial Government had taken ever the so 4 responsibility for the maintenance of peace and order Tn Rhodesia. The Lord A.dvacate (Mr. A. G. MURRAY), in asking for leave to introduce a bill for Scotland similar to the Agri- cultural Land Rating Bill for England, said the object of the English bill was to redress the inequality existing between personalty and reality in the matter of local taxation, and the application of relief to the agricul- tural class which most suffered. In applying that relief to•S3otland they could not follow the lines ok the Eng- lish bill, because the Scotch system of rating was so differeht, and they were therefore driven logically in the Scotch case to the principal of an equivalent grant. They proposed to give £214,500. Tne bill was brought in and read a first time. _ _ _ .

In Committee the consideration of the proposal to provide a sum of £3,000,000 for the construction of a railway from Mombasa to the Victoria Nyanz I, through the Protectorates of Zanzibar, British East Africa, and Uganda, was resumed. After a brief discussion the resolution was carried by 255 votes to 75. Sir M. El. BEACH moved a resolution the effect of which, he said, was to include cocoa bmter as well as the othor preparations of cocoa among dutiable articles. The resolution was agreed to. The Coal Mines Regulati•sn Ant (1887) Amendment (No. 2) Bill was read a second time and referred to the Grand Committee on Trade.

EXCESSIVE EATING AND DRINKING.

We all eat too much flesh food and drink too much tea, especially at this season of the year. The former militates against working energy, and the tannic acid and other deleterious properties to be found in tea lower the spirits and injure the health. The body, in fact., is a working engine, and as such it must be treated. The waste of tissue which daily goes on can only be replaced by the proper assimilation of food. It cannot be done with medicine.

..Science, however, has again come to the rescue, and it cannot be too widely known that tone and vigour can be promoted, and the rosy cheeks natural to health, ro- stored by the vitalising and restorative properties of a mon valuable diseovery. The evidence, ot medical men and the public is conclusive on this point. It proves that Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa as a Food Bever- age possesses nutrient, rertorative and vitalising pro- perties, which have hitherto been non-existent. It aids the digestive powers, and in invaluable to tired men and delicate women and children.

• It has the refreshing properties of fine tea, the nourishment of the best cocoas, and a tonic ani recuper- ative force possessed by neither, and cin be used in all cases where tea and coffee are prohibited. ,It is not a medicine, but a unique and wonderful food beverage. The wonderful African Kolo nut which it contains has concentrated powers of nutriment,and imparts stamina and staying powers, adds to power of endurance, and enables those who use it to undergo greater physical ex- ertion and fatigue. Merit, and merit alone, is what we claim for Dr. Tib- bles' Vi-Cocoa, and we are prepared to send to any reader who names the "Warrington Examiner" a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa free and post paid. Tbere is no magic in all this. It is a plain, honest, straightforward offer. It is done to introduce the merits of Vi-Cocoa into every home. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, as a concentrated form of nourishment and vitality is in- valuable ; nay more than this,for to all who wish to face the strife and battle of life with greater endurance and more sustained exertiki, it is absolutely indispensable. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is made up in 6d. packetr, and 9d. and is. 6J. tins. It can be obtained from all chemists grocers, and stores,. or from Dr. Tibbles' Vi. Cocoa, Limited, Suffolk House, Cannon-street, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
W ESTON.

WESLEYLN Smoot ANNIVERSARY....-00 Sunday the anniversary services in connection with the Weston Wesleyan School were held, the sermon being preached by the Rev. Robert Stevenson, of Whitechurch. In the afternoon the Rev. C. de P. Gliddon delivered an in- structive address to teachers, scholars, and parents. The services were exceptionally well attended, and the col- lections which will go to the school funds amounted to about £l6.

LONG SERVICE MEDALS FOR CHESHIRE VOLUNTEERS.-

The annual battalion parade of the 2nd (Earl of Chester's) Volunteer Regiment took place on Saturday at Frodsham, and at the close of a long drill the command- ing officer, Colonel Ashton, presented longservice medals to Sergeant and Corporal W. Crawford of H Co mpany Co-poral J. Colclough, C Company; Corporal W. Jones, I Company ; Privates F. Woods, Stretch, and Brown of the F and G Companies.

!LEIN WALKER AND CO.,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPRIETORS OF

THE EXAMINER SERIES

LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

===== 0002601_18960704_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WHICH COMPRISE

THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashto Golborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

THE St. Helens Examsner and .Prescot Weekly News, pu Wished Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Kin om. C.

rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. TIIE Widnsts Examiner, published Friday after- _l noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming un important centre of industry.

Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (exceptParliamentary)are inserted in all the above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pages. 56 long an wide columns,each column admitting more matter than th columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atte n Lion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each E zanitn, ddition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Price ei each Paper—ONE PENNY.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad e tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAAIINERS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. 3d. 27 Os. 9d. ... ls. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. ... 2s. .6d. ... 48. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 58. 04.

3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

These charges apply only to the classes of adverti: nv,iit specified below, and are strictly confined to tho: which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID F 4 PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be chargl by the Business scale : APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO I..hrr HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT

Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE.

Advertisements received at any of the District Offices or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamp received for amounts under ss.

JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINRR" OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

se )se, ,OR ,ed

===== 0002601_18960704_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
gibberttaincnts not elasrlifta.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.-TO CON- TRACTOR 4. The PAVING and SEWE /CAGE COMMITTEE of the Council of the Borough of Warrington is pr-p .red to receive TENDERS for Forming and Paving thiee Streets and four Passages Drawings, specifications, etc., may be seen, and forms of tender, 13,11 s of quantities, and all further information obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after MONDAY, 6TEE JULY, at which plac• tenders must be delivered on or betore 12 o'clock noon on Monday. the 13th day of July. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough Surveyor. Borough Surveyor's Office, 2nd July, 1896. •

O SALE. bY private treaty, a good MINERAL WATER kl BUSINESS, with all Plant, Gas Engine. Machinery, florses and Wagons, Stock in Trade, etc., as a going concern. vor fuil particulars apply to J. P. FEAR, Estate Agent. Crewe.

J'OUSILMAID-WAITIINSS.—Wanted by family in Stret- ford, ith.pectable young woman as above.—Adiress stating age, wages and references. L., 6, Cromwell-street, Strelford, Manchester.

WANTED, respectable GENERAL SERVANT; one who can wash; age 2..—Address Mrs, WAINE, Yew Tree Cottage, Moss Noolr, Cheadle, Cheshire.

ALPPRiiNTICII WANTS')Iy 1, Suzz-sruzwr. Warrington. WARUM, at ouce, t oung COOK-GIO.II3R&L, also GIRL about 16, as Housemaid; good references. Mrs. HAismITH, 7 Seymour-road, Crutupsxll, Manchester.

WANTBD, COOK - GIENBRAL immediately; wages £l.B to £2O; Charcl.woutart ; housemaid and boy kept —Mrs. FAITHFULL. Ilornbv. Lancaster.

A DVERTISHII offers 9 good by-windowed houses near .1"71. trains, showing I)per cent. alter deducting chief ; con- stantly occupied ; price £1,300. cheap.—J. orix.Livals. 65 Market-st., Manchester.

PERSONS possessed ,-st good education, from Office Boy, Junior Clerks, Clerks, to that of Secretary, Mauager, Fcc., age 14-25, are guaranteed excel ent Situstions ; salaries from 14s to £5 woekly.—till particulars Mr. TILDES- LEY, Lavender Hill. Lund, S.W.

ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE

RAILWAY PASSENGERS'

ASSURANCE CO.

ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPITAL £1,000.000. COMPENSATION PAID £3,600,000, 64. COHNHILL , LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENT:, Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W.H.RIG EY; Nesse We. Victoria Road t P Latchford ,

St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Knutsford E Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandhaeh . Mr. R.PINLOW.Rookery Bridq

===== 0002601_18960704_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

DOISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands haw been killed by • using SANFORD'S POISON Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is thn best Poison known, as they find a lot of rats doad by using it. Post Free. is..2L,as. 3d. box D SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it Soldhy Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killiu Moles on land..

EiLE'S GOUT & IItAIEUMATIC PILLS

S FFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS.

EADE'S piLLs.

"30, Randall Street, Bridgs Road, Battersea, SW.. January 27,1892. " Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to. write and give you great praise for introducing such a valuable. medicine as your Gout Pills.

EADR'S piLLS.

L' ADB'S puis. Having SUFFRRED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YRARS. I can truly say I have never hid anything to relieve my pAin so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re-

GOUT RHEUMATISM

lief in a few hour; i;ut am able to get to work in less than a week. My complaint. Ii the worst of all Gouts.

i 1 k.A OUT , called Chalk Gout. —lours truly. " W. LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Eade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

Prepared only by George Rade, 72, GiOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. DX.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottle.. is. lid.. and 2a. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

- THE HEST MEDICINE FOR BILL THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BBST4MBDICINE FOR INDIGESI lON. IS

EDE'S A NTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities, wnich, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

EADE'S ANTIB ILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. lid. and Es. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE BADS, 12, GOSWIILL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C.

EA DE'S ANTI BILIOUS PILLS

IMPORTAIff TO FARMERS, GARDENERS trx.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER,

ALLEN STREET.

• Slaughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. Offers for sales large quantity of

BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION. Highly recommended for Roots and Grass. Beet prices paid for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, ecc.i, and removed any reasonable distances. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

DEBERTs WONDERFUL WATCH. CENTRE SECONDS

===== 0002601_18960704_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ONE OF

EST VALUE IN THE:,WORLD.

IEBERT'S 4Es

plain if pre- ferred resem bling Real Silver e qua

_ can be bad in gold plated cases

Looks exactly as al5 Guinea Gold Watch. All are warranted timekeepers. I will send by registered post, safely packed. at my own risk to any address in the United Kingdom on receipt of pqstal order 7s. 6d. a Watch as above, plain t•ase resembling silver or gold (as desired). Enclose; this announcement C' Examiner ") with corder to-day. " Woltaz " Silver (stamped on e bar) are the best in the world. DeMbeyrt, 6Lidv. erpoo Albert the CHAIN Seal to match 41d.

Ladies' 601ici SILVER WATCHES from 10s. Gd

Real Silver Albert CHAINS 3s. 6d., real Silver Name BRoocaßs,Hall marked. from 10}d.—P. DEBRRT, Watch Manuf.corer. Wholeslle Jeweller and General Merchant, 10. CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established over 10 years.

B 1 BEATS ALL - I. 1 OTHERS 1, IN .i'. QUALITY , .... ti ' _.. _ 7 AN D \• ~ , . -1-----:-C, -5/' PRICE. 11WI=IMNIMM=n1111111=... .:','14,. - .... All- 0/5-,.. edrdLa, ~ , 4%. e '''s \r • 1,.! -Ci re?) t. .•... A I ! ' -: i .. .. '.. s4\/ • /I‘..' . ',7 • 5 Gut- 4, ' 1 / nes .-( - .... .., e„ -t-4,,,,,,,,:;:...................i,.... .... . ,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6/1I

s 0

===== 0002601_18960704_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY PERSON'S FUTURE.

, . Every person's future is, to a certain extent, in hi ,own hand. Many a future which might have been bril liant has been darkened by lack of the spirit of self-help Many a home might have been gladdened by lif(, and _health and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness and death, in many cases wholly preventible. 'he spring and summer months are, from a sanitary -point of view, among the most important of the year. Due care may now mean a healthy and happy sammer and autumn, and robust constitution to meet the trials of next winter. Neglect may now mean a joyless sum- mer, a tr 3 log autumn, and a broken constitution to succumb under the attacks of any exceptional trial. 'There are indeed few that do not feel the system needs recruiting. With some it is " only a little cough,' "tendency to bronchitis," and others," not quite up to the mark," "a sort of all over sinking feeling," " tog weak to do anything about the house," "these recurrind headaches,"" no appetite for his food," So. These an a dozen others are common expressions which all point to the urgent need of some good tonic. What change of air can do for you in a few months' time—if you are no worse then than you are now—a course of some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of established reputa- tion and of proved virtue will do now. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic. It is the Best REMEDY of the age for

WEAKNESS, NERVOUSNESS,

LOW SPIRITS,

MELANCHOLY,

CHEST AFFECTION, LOSS OF APPETITE. INI/IGESTION, AND BLOOD DISORDERS. At this season of the vea.r no one should be without GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. A course taken now will be va:ua.ble in giving tone to the system, new life to the blood, and in bracing tha nerves. Praised by everybody. Avoid Imitations. See the name" Gwilynt Evans" on the Label. Stamp and Bottle,. Prices :—Bottles, 2s. 91.; double size. 4s. 61 To be bad of all Chemists, or direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING Co., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WILES.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

lINHAPTY DOMESTIC RELATIONS AT WARRINGTON. Before the magistrates at the Warrington Borough Court on Thursday morning a man named Mallet, work- ing on the Ship Canal came and informed the bench that he was very much hurt about his wife'sconduct. He had been sent to prison for striking her and was determined to have done with it. He was afraid if things went on much longer he would lose his temper and strike her again. She had made a charge rgainst him which was entirely untrue and had threatened to strike him with a . bottle. Fiis children were also neglected. He wanted to know which course to pursue—The Rey. G. D. Mason told the magistrates that the man had teen much troubled by reports which his wife was circulating and as they were not true he had wished him (Mr_ Mason) to come to the court and help him. He thought that if he was to see the mants wife he might be able to do some- thing to meet the ca... If it was their wish he would do what he could.—The Chief Constable: You see hp makes no charge against his wife that we can notice.— " Applicant : I give her a lot of money and I don't know what she does with it. I have afrmany pawntickets in our house as would paper this place (" pointing round the court.)"—The magistrates said they thought the best thing would be for Mr. Mason to see the man s wife and try and smooth matters.

Tim AITEMPTED SUICIDE BY RAT POISON. At the Warrington Borough Court, on Tuesday, John Bolan, 56 years of age, of Back Dallam-lane, was brought up on remand an a charge of attempting to commit suicide on the 22nd June.—The Chief Conde?)le explained to the magistrates that the prisoner was re- manded in custody for a week in order that his condition might be attended to. He had got in a low nervous state, and had attempted to take his life by taking some rat poison.. The Chief Constable proceeded to recount the facts of the case as given in .our last issue, and stated that the prisoner seemed better that morning both mentally and phesically.—Mra. Bolan, wife of the prisoner, said that drink was the cause of her husband's conduct.—He now exelained his sorrow for what h* bad done, and promised not to repeat his foolish act- tion.—The magistrates discharged him. Tetra.es BY LAVERPOOL M7OgEN AT Warrmeemeee. Two at j rurned cases in which a couple of women, last from Liverpool were charged with theft at Warring- ton were heard at the Borough Court on Tuasday. The first was that in which Rose Da Val or Margaret 'llJcWillianai was charged with stealing from the shop of Richard Harrop, Bridge-st., a brown leather bag, value 53. 61 She now plea Jed guilty. The facts of the case, as publiklwd last week, were stated by the Chief Con- stable. With regard to an umbrella the prisoner had in her possession, and which she said dile had stolen at Lythain, the Chief Constable stated that he had com- municated with the Lytham police but they were unable to give any information respecting it. The prisqner ad- mitted that she had bean in gaols in Liverpool and Man- chester, but the authorities were unable to trace her. The police of Jer.sey had identified the woman by the phrtograph and stated that she had served various terms of imprisonment for theft and fraud.—The ma:is- trates committed tier to prison for two. months' hard labour.—Margaret Richardson, of Great Homer- street, Liverpool, was brought up on remand charged with breaking and entering the house number 35. Museum-St., and stealine, therefrom a tennis rac- quet and some gas fittings, the property of James Ken- worthy.—Arther Spn worthy stated that he was in the • employ of Mr. K-eworthy. His employer had an un- occupied house at 15, Museum-at. at the beginning of June. On the 8 h inst. he saw that it was sectifely fastened up, but when he visited it again on the 18!..h, be found that an entrance had been effected by breaking a pane of glass of the back window. The articles orn- • duced had been taken from the' house, and he valued them at about 103. The bath at the house had been. used and the water left running to waste.—Mrs. Leslie, wife of William Leslie, second-hand dealer, of 75, Mersey-St., gave evidence as to the prisoner offering for sale at the shop a portion of a glass chandelier. Detec- tive-Sergeant Monaghan stated that the prisoner was given into his custody at Prescot. She stated that the fittines had been given to her by a Mrs. Thompson who • bad since gone to America. She afterwards made a different.statement.—The Chief Constable stated that from enquiries made he found that the prisoner had been previously convicted for house-breaking 'and other offences. He might also add that a robbery was com- mitted at the same house in Museum-st. and an entrance effected in exactly the same manner sorra moirths ago, but it was never detected —The magistrates cr.mmitted the prisoner to gaol for three months' hard labour.

--- MINI{ CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRIDAY. —Be'ora Aliernan Harrison (eh tirmart). C,tun Roberts, Councillor Pierpoint, Kir. J. H. Ple:ni..g, mil Dr. Alornall. Si EMS CHARGE AGAINST A IVARIUNGToN MAN : A MAXIMUM PEN ',LTV' INFLICTED.--Tivotrots DO%bson, 17,, lA7an en-Street, was charvel with commi ting an aggravated _assault on IVlartht Heath, on Thursday rnoroing.—The Chief Constable sa d the chirge hal been ameruie t from) one of indecent satin in order that the case might be dealt with here and to save the chid from the riumer.ms examinations which %you'd he necessitated if the ease went to t'•e Assizes The case was that a little girt of 9. Martha Heath, living with her father at P, Littou's Row, Rose and Crown-street, was on Thursday morning going to schoil and was pro- ceedieg along Cairo-a, n-utt, when she met the prisoner, who - asked her to go down an entry in Egyot-street to find another girl he wanted to see. While there he took her into an ashpit and cunmitted the assault complained of. A young man named Robert Smith, working for Mr. J. Burgess, saw the prisoner taking t'e girl down the entry and ois suspicions being aroused he ro4d off on his bicycle and brought the police. The officers wentdowa t tie entry 'and opening the ash-pit door caught ~1 defendant in flf:tgran c delicto. —Nix% Browne defend. d. and .- ? urgel piisiter s pre toss good character. He htd wariced 17 years or ',Er. Smethnrst but since leaving a few months silo he had been sirang i iia.his actions.—The Bench unanimously .4.qtgreed upon pri- oner's culpability, and the C,nirman, atter l. Ililnaking very strong remarks upon his coaduct, it mmitteJ gaol for six months hard labour, the maximum • • pen.fiLy. . . VT c.V A: RING AT WARRINGTON.—WiIIiam Prarlshaw, • .; ta,,. i‘,. 65 Tuene.--street, Warrington, was ch tr,red with ..-_,,te .', 'I. • a gold rinz, the property o' Mrs. Bun-tett, Clawzate .•:_i,?.-P i .ovely-lane.—Mr. Tattiot (Chief Constable) -aid Nit's. ••••••f1...•., on the 13th inst lett the ring on the inside sill of ...Fit!. of .Ic)w. Prisoner was seen to, insert his hind .. : o,itill,&t , e the *intr. Ile was apprehended ou Thurs- ..„l,i4l.ll, ri , d the ntlice• he had thrown the rng away He 0, ineHe the ti.— uliaded guilty and the Bench - -41itsk:iha -• •i m intiss hard labour. . ...e l'il,ts,s„•-, , ULT..—lihn Braunen. 29, Town Hill was .1 `lff 3r ~ , tissin'ting and beating his wife etth rise . -;:a1; au trri--1, . Nia 't Ttin • Mrs. BranT•en sant d.fen.i,nt ran i• v a d kturk'd her emu. 11,, ,11 eat,oed -lit4ituk • 1,6 ' ..,i•,,lie wis mu di bruised hv h'm ant o,ving to ititt viol n •-• slio.ksired P. frparation order.—D fenitant was e.: ,o a hitt-J.O-'ll'e is lshour and. a eep,Ktion order t,:t7iiiesitene ,e. —Afterward 4 Mr. P. Davies and the .( ii..,,,,,,Thed the Benc i that. tile defendant was tt raaii, not given to:potence and that his .e."c44.44Vi0t."*. t Of tog° to gaol. 'I bey Buz-est-4 a mitt- ter ....,4.:tioaf:97,„ti.is 074 Me. i lis nial4isuates rec ns,ac. ,-(1 their , ,-,,,A.A.044: vtletendant 20e. and costs in lieu of a 111 ono3,..4ahnt,isid,q'ti'is .: 1. 411811=Ni, V. ':l. ',l.= R -'4. CAW; 2 of' '.-TEALING FURNITuf E. :R.Oitli'llffa'4,All:37 B)-to.k-st., was ctrirged .Ith ateating. -Olt 'ls,ei.Wai .r..'..,t.rintitricss value 20s. on the 33th of May,

; r

both a stimulating and *afresh. 410( 4!.igi)!4,e, ni2tritlw3 food. probably more nouriAbing rp.94;tbe,tl,4treri,giv- It is absolutely pure, containin

===== 0002601_18960704_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
the property of his wife,Maryllassall.—Mr.Browne said Mrs. H so 11 carried on business as a barber. She had had tuns cci s-veral times for assailt,afll on the 29th May he shut her out, and she went away atrairl. When she returned she found the furniture had been sold by him o a number of p rs n. Some of it Was hers, and she wanted her own back. Defendant pranised to return them, and the c tse was ad- journed for 14 days to allow them to do so. W,ys ESERrtox.—Edward Charnock was charge-I with desert!ng his wife Eliza eth Charnock. of 30. Litton's-row, on the 2 th March.—Mrs. Charnock said on the date in qu-st ion h. lett her and it was not the first time She had- not Seen him until Oursday night when he came to her house but shs woirtritaot admit nim. He irtd e ntributed n.4hing to her maintenance.—Defendant alleged that com- plainant had ordered him out often. -The magistrates made an order, for him to contribute ss.a week toward complainawt's maintenance.—Defenant, on hearing the decision, said terse!ar but with infinite torce and expression `• Oh Chrimes," and then sub ided dismally on to the prisoners' seat. KONDir —Betore Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Alderman Har- -- -

===== 0002601_18960704_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
rison and Mr. Thomas Birchall.

A. DESERTE t.—John Myler, 34, Barnes-st., Widnes, WAS charged with deserting from the Cheshire Militia on the 3rd June. -Defective Monaghan apprehended the prisoner at Ortord Barracks. He had been training in the South Lanca- shire 'Si lit under the name of Powler.—The Chie- Constabl. paid he heti r c dyed a communteation from the Colonel com- manding the regiment, asking that the prisoner should be remanded to await an escort. He had fraudulently enlisted In the South Lancashire Regiment. The prisoner on being charged with b -tug a deserter said " It is all right." The prisoner efts remanded, and the usual award was made to Detecti ye Serge ant Monaghan. ASSAULT ON A PoLICEMAN.—James Leonardy,2s, Haydock- st., was ckarged with having been drunk and disonierly in Horsema, ket-st and assaulting P.C. Bradley whilst in the execution of his duty.—P.C. Bradley depesed hat o , Satur- day night about eight o'clock he saw the prisoner fighting In Crown-st. He requested the prisoner to go away tett he refused, and butted witness under the chin with his headond also kicke I him on the knee. Witness closed with him and they both fell to the ground. A cab driver name to the as- sistance of witness, and the prisoeer was lock, d up. P.C. Whittaker also rendered assistance.—The Chief Constable said the prisoner was a Militiaman. and the police had a great deal tell trouble with the " half-s tvages " that belonged to the Militia. The prisoner had assaulted the police before. —The tnegistr des fined him 6s. and costs for being drunk and diso der y or seven days' imprisonment, and committed him tops m for two month's hard labour for the assault BEGGING.—For begging in Butterma-ket-st., on tlat urdae night, John Brown. 34, Si.ver-st.. Wigan, and John Dixon. 13, Liverp ,01-st., St. listens, were committed to prison for seven days' ha-d labour. P.C. Delahay proved the cases. DRUNICENNESS.—George Hopkins (39th appearance). of 71 Watkin-st ,was sent to prison for seven days for being drunk and diserderly in Scotland-road on Saturday night.—Mary Fyides, 8 tattle John-st., Widnes was fine' ss. and casts for being drunk and disorderly.—Annie Ryan, 9 Bank-st War- rington, was charged with a steelier offence in Priars'-green. The Chief Constable pointed out that it was her 20th appear- ance. They could do witbout her for Walking Day --The Prisoner : I have no clothes.—On being sentence tto one month's imprisonment she exclaimed, " Thank you. I shall have a blue suitnow—ft new rig out "—Nergaret Flan- nagan 14 Morris-court, Warrington (15th appe ,ran e), was fined ss. and cots or seven days' imprisonment for being drunk and disorderly, and Patrick Tyrrell, Silver-st was similarly deli'. with for a like off -nee. The Chltf Constab'e stated that several of the cases w -re due to the brea -up of the Militia. -K ,te Cartledge was fined 7s. 6d.including mats, for being drunk and disorderly in Turner-street on the 22ad June. AGORAVLTED ASSAULT ON A WOMAN--James T.Ainsworth, 101 Mingate, Wigen, was chaeged with committing an aggav Awl assa iltueon Sarah Johnson on Sunday night. On being asked whether he pleaded guilty or not guilty, the prisoner rather insolently replied, "flow c meld I know any- thing when I wee drunk ?" The Chief Constable at tel that the charge should r ally have been one of ind cent assault. but, as previeusly had been done with the magistrate,' per- mission, they had reduced it to one of aggravated assault,. The coneplainaet was the wife of Daniel Johnson, harneer manufacturer, residing at 373 Knutsford-road. Tina pris ner was given into the custody of .P.O. Clarke 'ey Mr. Joheson who found the prisoner in the ashpit. On being charged with the offence which was of a vile character, he replied, "it is no goot saying anything as long as I was there." P.O. Olaf ke stated that the prisoner was not so drunk as not to know what he was doing. The megiatrees inflicted the maximum penalty, six months' imprisonment with hard labour. A WOMEN'S FIGHT.—Margaret Ford and Annie.. Byres were charged w,th eommitting a breach of the peace by fight- ing in Dial-street on the 20th June. P.C. Evans gave evi- dence as to seeing the two defendants strike each o her. P.C. Sankey gave corrobaative evidence —The magistrates discharged the d -fend-ants with a caution. A GREENGROCER AND His HORSE. James Hope. R green- grocer, of Asetota-in-stakerfield, was charged with cruelty to a horse on the 20th Jone by working it in an unfit state.— Inspector Eidson, tL.SP C A., stated that he was in the wholesale vege:able market on the elate named and saw the defendant's bay mare attached to a cart. The animal was in a low coaiiition. and was lame on both fore feet. The cause of lameness was chronic ringbone and aidebone, and st-ained tend i's. The horse had since been kepc, in the stable. It was totally unfit for road work but, might be suitable for fl-id work. TllO d lendent did not appear to understand horses. The defendant st ated that he only had the animal three days before he was summoned. He fetid £1 for it but had since sold it for 22.—A. flue of Sc. includine costs was imposed. TUESDIY.—Before M.E.J. chest (chairman) and Mr

===== 0002601_18960704_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
j El. Fleming

ANOTEIR.R DPIAERTEIt —Francis Reid was charged with being a deserter from •hs 15th Hussars stationed at flublin since April.--P.C. Berry st tted that he saw the prisoner in Pad.,ate-lane. He stoptied him and asked him whether he had been in •ha army, and he replied that he had not Wit- ness eximined hisclothes, and found that. he was Wearins a pair of ,riiiit a•V b vots with the tops cut ~ff. He afterwards admitted that he was a deierter.—He w s now remand-3-1 to await a military e3eo,t. On the application of the Chief (instable, th.-• offic-r Was grant,ql the usual reward. BkironE Tim .MAGIsTRATE3 AGAIN —Nlarg tret Fort made kn. Bth appearance before the magiArates, this tirno charged wlti b.sirig d nk and disorderly in Hose-yard. the previous night. The Cht,f 0 citable said the prisoner was before the ma,tistrates the p,evious morning and w is discharge i with a caution. She was now before the ma•astrates again.—The magistr 1.1 es se, t her to prison for seven liLyS. A DETECrIve AsgAULTED —James ilegan, Wilderspool- road wa, committed to prison for one month for pros: Button in Mill-I ,ne th- previous suiAht, and assaulting Detective Forster. who arrested him.

WEDNE‘DLY.—Before•Mr. Jo',n Fairclouel (chlir nut) J. Ge.`del, and Mr. J. H. Fl ming.

ANTrITER ASSAULT ox A Fe%IA.LI.: AT %V ARRENGT.M.—Tames Reid, a soldier, was charged•wito comanitt lig an aggravated assault upon. Mar;taret Ann 1)y1e (aged 14) in Crown and Sceptre yard at 9.25 on Tuesday night.—The Chisd Constable said this charge had been aru,inied from one of indecent assault us they did not think that charge would stand at the Assizes. tie related thh cn.cum,tances of the cB3 wh;Cil showed that defendant, was cv ght by th-, police under incriminatuig clrcumatances an t arrested.—Defendant who had only been in the army (Iva weeks and had been puniched twice in that time, wai now committed for one mouth's hard labour.

THURSDAY.—Before Mr. S. Mimilpy 'elvtirman) awl Alder.

mnn Suttuu

A CONV(CTED THIEF SLEEPIIG ,up.—John Whi, taker, no asldreii, a convicted thief, NI-As charged with sleeping out in Sankev-st. tl2 20 that morning without visible means of stitip mt. P.C. Bell proecl finding him asleep in an omnibus belong:ng to Mr. Connor. He had b.en sleeping out fo': three iiights.—Defendant was committed to gaol for 14 d tys' har.l labour.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SE.SSION4

WEDNESDAy. Before Mr. G. Comber (chairrxrtn), Mr. W

Hough-ton.-a-nri Mr. W. Mortimer. INTRMPERA.NC.—PaIII ('aliwell was fined 24 64. and costs tor nting drunk and di...Mealy in Poniton ; Joku Ford. similar ,ffence,Oiford, was find ss. including costs ; G ores Flannagh .n. 'similar offNac.. Sankey. flied 10s. and C 3 tS ; John Hughes. 6ankey, fined 5s and costs. FOOTPVII3 CYCLING —Fur riding on the footnath in vart-na townships the following ,-ersqns were fined :—Cli nies William Berry and 1h !mats Hardman, riding in Croft, fined Is. and (Thts eaca James Ryder. in Sanke.s , 542an1 casts ; Henry Lloyd, in Pensceth, Is. and costs ; Richard Prescott, ant 'Thomas Unsvrortis in Burtuawoad, 2s. 61. ino lading cost ,f-ach.

THEFT FROM A. DwEr.r.txri-liousF: —Henry Wil,on, a young mar,. wle cis trg-d with st.eal,n4 from a dwelling•ihnise at Haycloc.: between the 21st and 22nd inst a silk hand ter- chief,the property of WilDein Richardson, a cap, coat, and waist ,at,ancl a penknife. the property of other persons. II e pl-ade I guilty.—Williarn Richardson, 52. Church•road. Hay- dolk,stidarlsoner and ano,her man lod4ed wits hitn.Witsyss ret tirleciltrom work on the22nd June and prisoner had cone. He en ,te.pientiv missed the articles entuncrated. Defemistot said he tad enlisted sincs.—The,Bench taking into considera- tion this lac', and also thst tt 1743 his first offence, bound prisoner over to appear when called upon.

NEWTON PETCY SESSIONS. SA.TUKDAY.—Befora Mr. T. J. G,llespie.

DISORDERLY Bl:HAVIOITR —Thomas Holden. of NKrlestowh, was charged with commlt:lm_, a breach of the peace by being disorderly on the 9th litay.—P.C. Schofle d Droved the ease, and t..s, d,fendant was bound over to keep the peace in a surety of £5. CHARGE OF ASSLULT.—WiIIiRm Ellarn Pia% charged with having on the 2!st of June at Newton committed a breach of. the I-Nace by striking George Burrows -Nfr.'Stuart pppesred on b-li Of of the defendant and pleaded not giiilty.—P.C. Schofield stated the case, and sal I that he saw the defendant and tw , others quarrelling. Ellam afte,wards struck Bu-- rows. —Mr. Stuart for the defence pointed out hat the state- ment had not been corr ,borated. His client deniel that lie struck Burrows, but admitted that they called one another names.—The rib enoant bore out,his solicitor's statement, and the Chairman said he thought there was a doubt in the case, ani dismissed it,

PITCH AND TOSS.— Three youths named Patrick Q.li nn, Tho vas Qainn, and William Taylor, of Rarlestown, were summoned for playing at a game of chance in Brlckfiald-st.. Rariestown, on the 21st June. P.C. Schofield proved the case, stating that the defendants were playing " pitch and toss."— • fine of is. and costs was imposed. Puontsm Womm—Mary McLoughlin and! Ann Kennon, of Golborne, were bound over to he of go id be- haviour for a pvrio I of six months tor fighting in Mill-street. 11,arne, on th - 13th of June. The DRUNICE•I LIST. The following were fined for being drunk: Charles Smith, -t Newton, on the 20:h 2s. 6. and Costs; Samue: Robinson. at Golborne, on the 110 May, 2a. 6cl. and costs; drunk .:nd disorderly:. Patrick Lyons, at Haydn .Ic, on th - 21st January, ss. and costs ;John Rimmer end Ann Hickey, at Golborne on the 13th ult., 2s. 6d. and costs; Patrick Rabbit in Penny-lane. Efaydock, on the 14 Is ult., ss. and costs ; Michael Murray, similar offence at ths same time and place, 2s. 6t. and costs ; Laurence Mannion and Thomas flyns, at Haydock, on the 14th, 2s. 6d. and coso.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS.

TUESDAY --Be—fo-Te- the—s;r3. J. C. Parr (chairman), W. Long 'W. Junt's, C. H. Broadbent, if. Nield, J. Mclntyre, and H. Talbot.

Cartwright. one a the execu- tors of the t.t Samuel Cartwright, was granted the transfer of the license of the " Birch acd Bottle " to himself.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
To IVloPHEas.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty year 1w millious of mothers fo theirchildren while teething with pt;rfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produce! natural quiet sleep, by relleiing the child from pain. and 111, little cherub awakes •as bright as a button." Of all .cilemists, is. Lct. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE FXAMINER, SATITRDAY, JULY 4, 1896.

DR NIC AND DISORDERLY.—For being fruity of this offence the fo lowing were fined :—John Lee, Grappenhall, ss. in- cluding costs; George Dunbabbin, Moore, Is. including co4s.

ASLEEP IN CrtatnE. —Alfred Arnold was charged with beinL asleep whilst in charge of a day and two horses in Moore on the 29th May.—The case was proved, end defendant was fined 5s and costs.

A CYCLIST WITHOUT LIGHT.—Georg 9 Brookes, Ellesmere- road. Appl..t, al, WAS fined is. and cots for riding a bieyelb without tight ot 10-20 p.m. on the Ist June in A piston. , DOG CT Lanou.t—limo,hy Brennan was fined ss. and costs for allowing a dog to be at large on the 23rd April in Apple; on.

IN SEARCH OF GAMF..—Timothy Brennan and Joseph Lee were char d with heating on the 23rd May committed tres- pass by being upon land in the occupation of Ralph Tickle in search of conies without consent. Lee pleaded not guilty.— John Broady, gamekeeper in the employ of Mr. Lyon. Apple- ton, said he was crossing the land at Hilt Warren on the elite in q ,estinn eb eit 9 p.m. when hi saw a dog in the field and several people in tht lane. Brenoan caught the dog and witness took his name. Lee was also there and gave seveial wrong names but at last gave his errect name. Harry Burgess, keeper for Sir Gilbert Greene 1. said he was in company with Broady at thi time and place in qe,stion and saw several men on the road and a man and a d 0..! in the field He asked one of the men if the dog had got anything and he rep led (not recognising witness) " He has just give one a good putting up." It was Lee who was in the field. Brennan was in the road. Joseph Whittaker, a.noti.e- keeper, come borated.—Brennan was lined 103. nod costs, and Lee ss. in- cluding costs. ALLEGED WILFUL DAMAGE BY A Boy oy BEI/I.:N.—Stephen Gerrard,aged seven.wai charged with cntninitting wilful dam- age to ado y. the property of William 13 eitaick, on the 13th June, and doing damage to the amount of 1 b denied the offence.—Johe Bo‘tock stated the damage that had been done, and said he had heard that Gerrard had done it.—Two other boys of seven ware called to give evidence for the prostrution but both denied that they ever saw defen- d nt damage the door.—The Bench dismissed the case. the Chairman remarking that the case was a trivial one, though he hoped the police would try to prevent stone throw- ing which was a great nuisance. PR )-ECUTION BY THE R.S.P.O A.—Freleriek Speed was charg .d with having illtreated a horse on the 18th June in Deresbury by working it in an unfit state.—He pleaded not guilty.—lnspec or Bilson, R.S.P.C.A. said that about 2 p-m, o the 18th he saw defendant in Omen of ta.• horse and coal cart. The horse was lame ip both forelegs from ring bone and side bone, and had broken knees. It j lints were also in- fl imect. He told defendaut that it was unfit for work and th- later promised to take it home, and dli so. Defendant a terwardi worked another ho se.—D•tfendant Are you a qualified veterinary surgeon ? —The Inepectir No. I have hut 7 years veterinary training and hid to pass a stiff ex- amination before becoming an iaspector.—P C Robinson corrob rated the Inspector's statement as to the lameness of the horse —Defendant put in a letter from %Ir. Bate, veterin- ary surgeon, dated a week after and stating that he had ex- amined the horse and cert fled it to be free from pale and fit to work.—The ca e viet3 THE Ilte.Yr OF WHISKEY.—Thuinle Stanton, farm labourer. Gripoenh ill, was charged with stealing a pint of whisk -y value 2s , the propely of John Thmtas.—Mrs. Thomas and John Thomas (lan Mord of the Ram's He id) repe den the evi- dence that was given at the Warri gtoll Occasional Court last week, and prisoner, who admitted the offeu_e, was fined Ed iniducling costs.

Patent 'lmpereeptible 121, I. TRUSS. snitablt, in rtIZ c:tses. I,Fr!eet' Ft ;•• •- 7 Write •or -call tor pirticutars,7 HEVIVOLD,', 7'), `!"r! -trefn if•-•vr.,(re Bold-street), !..•‘pen o datuniky uftiL 1 iv/it • •

ST. LURE'S V. BEVISEY- ROAD WESLEYAN 3 (WARRING- TON--Played on Sc Luke's ground, Liverpool-road, and resulted in a victory for the Saints. J. Ray (16) and Mellor (11) batted well for the home team, getting 30 runs for the firit wicket. Score : •

• ST. LUXES. WESLEYANS. J Ray b Cottatn Mellor b BLit W Ray b ,ottarn 0 Wilding run out 0 Matip-r b Bal; Grah un b C.)tt im . 0 Whitehouse b W Ray 1 Shiw b Ball Arm strong 0 B ill Warburton b .. ottani— ..... 1 Dixon b W Ray 1 Horooin not Out 0 ]wans not out 5 Bisketer b Bali Wright e Bail b Cotta,rn 1 Burton e J Ray b W Kay 2 Extms 6 Extras 6

Total ...... ... 39

Total 3O

S. ANN'S V. Sr. ALB'S—This match was played on the ground rt the torin-h•, and resulted in a win for St. Alban's by 12 runs. Garry compiled 20 for St. Alban's. score :—St. Alin', 33; St. Alban's 45. PADGATE WESLEYANS V. THEVILIS AND GRIFFITELS.— This match w.s p142..ed at Padgate on Saturday. Asnall pertorfnel the " hit trick." Score :

IVESLEYANS. THEWLIS AND GRIFFITHS. Harrington ',moat 0 Einem run out, 3 Monks bJ imtth 2 Dagnall c Grireshaw b Higham b F znith 0 mind! .. . Dawson b. 7 iznith Thornton b F Smith As b /then m Steel b J SmEh Grimzhaw b J Smith 1 DaWSOrs Pearce b Atherton Dilworth not out 1 Ryland. c Steel b Ashall 0 Ward c Higham b Mather 3 Percival b Ashall 0 Mather b Aehall... Higham b Dawson Extras ' 7 .••• Extras U

Total 5O

Total

WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY V. PENKETH FRIENDS' .7.,'ClloOL.—Pla7ed on Tuesday afternoon on the ground of the former. The result of the match was largelc due to. the excellent bowling of Johnson who took six wickets for six runs. Scores : FRIENDS' SCHOOL. EMPLOYEES. Linney b Johnson Derayshi eb J hnson Holdro(t b Albinsn Mar.den 43 /Oxman 4 shire 8 Johnson 0 Albinson b Derbyshire ... 16 _ .

Aldridge c seed b Albinson 0 Yew b Aldridge - 12 F Lloyd u Johnson 3 Baker c& b Darbyshire... 8 Waite b Albinson Lowe b Johnson . . Bodn dr c Wdkinson b Banner cAldridge bDarby- A ibinson... Andrews no. out 0 Molyneux not out 1 H Lloyd a B uin-r b Seed absent . 0 Johnson 2 Extras 1 Extras 7

Total PENICETH FRIENDS SCHOOL V. PENICETI; WESLEYANS Played on the We.leyan ground on Saturday, the schnol winning by 23 runs. Score :

-SCHOOL. WESLEYAN& Linney c F Wilkinson b Barlow run out Ashton . 19 HeywooA run out 3 Heyno•ds b Dunoin F Lbyd c s' Wilkinson b Bowyer b Darbvshire 3 Ashton Daro shire b Dunabin 3 B_Wilkinson c Lloyd b _

Andrew a Bowyer b Luna- Darbyshire .. bin 0 Seed b Darbyslitre Bodiner b AMA ,n .. 3 I' Wilkinson not out 4 Youde b Bowyer ' 0 Ashton c Lloyd b Darby- Marsden c Wi..stauley b shire 0 Bowyer Hartley b Bowyer H i I.,vd c Dunabin b Ashton 0 Cantle not, u.

Extras 9 Extras 9

Tot d 59

Totil

SANKEY WISE' MILLS V. SANKEY WESLEYANS (2ND rEArdS).—Tliis watch was played on Situeday, a.nd re- suited in a win for the Wire Mills by ten runs. Score :

WIRE MILLS WESLEY.A.NS. COOY C Tuligo u ootterill... 19 Moran b Etas l7 Ito.teriek rua out 5 Highley b Ellis ll Uuaw-o:th b Cote i.,.. ...... 7 dowett b Elba 6 Ell 3 b Cot ern' oough, l, CoLte• ill ,Illeoca b Ootte. 111 Bin b Cate' ill

!Lotter b Cotterill J Asfi.o 0 etawierton b Gorst b Ellis Mo:rali Of A. 61.14, not out ,:das3cy- b Cottetiii Extras .. 6 Extras 3

Taal 59

Total 49

EARLESTOWN V. NANTWICEI.— Played at Earlestown on Stturday. Nara:vie:l batted tirst, but they made a very f, eole sta..d,jlusba:ld and Clare dispodng, of the whole t-ain for 20 run, in 43 minutes. Earlestown folio w ed,and comOled 89 runs ior 5 wickets, when stumps were drawn. re NINTVVCCII. EARLESTOWN. J,Bul oca, sen,c Hipwood b G Husband b liutwlAtle... 33 husband W Us,,iveright c Mitchell b Johnson ' 0 Clare Zilii,l,c,, jun, c Miller b F Chre b Lord 7 Clare li Etuwistle runt out a G ts:vinton c Jankinson W H Crowther not out b Husband 2 J Alderson did not bat 'r Lorn b ilorioa,d . 0 C Hipwood „ V Clarke b 01:1(e 11 _Shentoa c Hip wood b - C W Emmett „

Clare FL retwibrot c b Husband 5 W Green c & 1:113 e .1 Johnson not on', Extras 1 Extras 4

Total 2O

total B9

itarlestowa 1,—,1:11.4 alysis Husband 7 1 15 4 Clare 6'l 2 4 5

EARLESTOWN 2ND v. HEYWOOD'S EXCELSIOR.—At Man- chester r 1 Siturday. Score :

REyvcOOD.S EXCELSIOR. A Atkinson c WrOnwright b

Hivrhon

EARLESTOWN. W Hatton run out

2 Thos. M rsh c Archer b

.i, Ro.w,n'th c Waiawright b Hildebrand Burrell • 6 james Saunders run out 14 SJa,,uan 1-) iturrett 0 Hildebra..d c Ogden b worth b Hildebrand ... 0 Harrison .

Livery b 'Joni 0n... ...... 0 Bosworth Archer c Oglen b J Ogden b Bosworth Harrison 0 J Burrell c Atkinson b . .

F Warlior,t c Horsley b B )sworth Harrimon.. . j' Connolly c Harrison b worth Burrell... _ 0 3 H-nderson 3 Archer b .. _

It Owen e S,unders b Bosworth Burrell-- ............... .. 0 F Horsley bßosworth 0

s ft I mrner not out , 1 W Harrison not out 3 c Saund,rs b Barrel], 0 _ • _

Extras 6

29

Extras 7

Total 62

RUNCORN V. GATEA.CRR.—These teams met at Gat„ureO SAturcia7, the match resulting in a in for the home team. Haddock compiled 48 in good style. which incloded two sixes and three fours. Runcorn were dismisied. for 41. Score :

GA.rEACTSE. RUNCORN. li• Houghton 0 Cross b Wright b Haddock Dodd Traddock 'bye b EVanS Sprott b Ctagg ........ .. ..... 16 Cross c Leek b Lott 6 1 arg,3 c 30oth 1, Evani; l3 Henn c and b Haddock ... 7 B'unlell b Cragg 4 Dodd c Blundell b Had- G,tesbv a Booths b Cragg lO dck 1 1..4,t' c Howard 1, Cragg. ..... 0 Booth a Houghton b Leek run out Trotuhtou not ont J Hougnton b 'Evqn; 5 dock 2 Jack3oi b Evan: Evans a Houghton b Blundell 4 Cragg b Blundell ...... Wrisht. jun., not out 1 Extras 6 Extras .. •

137 Total RUNCORN 2ND V. lIALEBANK.—rIayed at Runcorn. on 84.tursiay. Sc.nrn

....--...... . ..- _ . RUscortv 2ND. HALEBANx. - Johnson run out 7 Gardiner c Green b Hil- ROWIAII,IB b Gard; ,• • Hough c tiartier 1. Bagge- Twiss hit wkt b Burrows 0 ri ige HI li.t,.e b Biggeridge Ga k Ile awl b Hill kbram blill , 1 rows Leatilwood b Riggerid4e... 6 Smith lbw b Hillidge 1 McLeod no out Green b 11;'1 Burrows 1, Iti ii 0 Harper c Hillidge b Brown b Twlss 6 Baggeridge aot out Austin b Burrows 1 Button c Rowlands b Burrows Extrar 7 Extras 5

Tot:11 GO

Total

" DISFP;UIWO FOR LIFE" is the despairing cry of ,tholisarHl,,•=.lll,cted with unsiahtly skin diseases. Do you re4lise wo:-.t this disfiguration means to sensitive sottis ? It means isolatlc»), Peclusion. It is a bar to 4ocial r-ld hosiness success'. D.) you wonder that des- piir se 7.-e tip ,n these sufferers when doctors fail, stan- dard remedi,s fail, and nostrums prove worse than oseless ? :';kin diseases are most obstinate to cure or even retive. It is an easy matter to claim to cure •theM, hut quite another thing to do an. OCITICORA r-medies I-14.c.e earned the right to be call-d Skin Sped- -6.:5, nerviog,. fir years the; have met with most remark- able stic,cs.;;. There are cases they cannot cure, but they ,re few indeed. It is.no long-drawn- mtcexpensive ex- neriment. One shilling invested in CUTICURA SOAP will prove morn convincing than a pi er+ of ativerlisement. In Aline, CUTICURA. WORKS WONDERS, and its cures rf tortdrin!:, diOguring, humiliating skin diseases aro 'Simply marvellous.

BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIATION. ' THE AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP.

The seventh annual individual scratch contest, open to all affiliated amateurs in Lancashire and Cheshire, was commenced at Heaton Chapel on Saturday, and continued during the present week. Thy total of the entrants reached 128, a number in excess of previous years. The play of the past champions, all of whom contested, was watched with much interest, and three out of the five wire dismissed on taturday by heavy mijorities. The two Fieldings, of Lower Broughton, alone secured places in, the second round. Of those who gained awards in last season's individual merit competi- tion, the senior vice-president, who ran up to the final, came out of the ordeal with nine shots to spare ; R. W Munson. of Withington' distanced his opponent by seven ; A. Jones, of North Warrington,regained his posi- tion by eleven ; and R. Anderton enjoyed a walk over. Among the colts who made good headway were J. B. Shaw, of the Caledonians, who succeeded in putting in the heaviest majority in the day's performances. Re- sults :

===== 0002601_18960704_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY.—Before Messrs. F. J. Norman and J. W. Lightborn.

SLEEP(NO IN AN EMPTY Hottsr. Selina Giblin was char.o.l with sleeping in sin unocmipied house in Mersey-sti. on June 28th. without having anv visitsle means of subsis- tence. P.O. Booth proved the case, and defendant having be n prev'ouslv convicted, was rent to gaol for two months. DEttlNx AND DISORDERLY.—Jaine 3 hlulholland. labourer. employed at Parks!de Farm, av4s charged with being drunk 'lnd disorderly in Bold.st on Saturday night. Defendant pleidei guilty and was fined ss. and eosts. Sergeant Lee said that the smut mornin; the defendant pulled out a kni.e and threatened to st ib a Mr. Yarwo.sd.

A DPGRACE TO HER Sax."—Hllen ltioran, a familiar figure to the Runcorn Bmch, was brought np en a charge of being drunk ad d'sorderly in Nier.,ey-st. on iaturday night. P.C. Lea proved the case.—Mr. Johnson pointed out as a bad feature to the case, that the child, which defendant carried. was only six months old, and had wica been in gaol -Mr. Normal in giviing the decision o ,113 Bench said that she was a disgrace to her sex, and she w:nall have to go to val for one month's hard tabour.Pris,nee as) in ormed the Bench that she had five other children,who were being brought up in a couven6.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES A) NEV.

The North-Eastern Railway Getnpanyanuounce a new departure in connection with facilities for railway travel, 'i‘; being arranged to issue, from Ist July, books of coupons for 1,000 sniles of travel, which will enable the purcha.er of a book to' travel ler twelve months in any directiou over the North-Eistern .eyetem until the coupons are exhausted. The arrangement is limited to first-class passengerseand the orice for each thousand- mile book has been fixed at £5 Si., or abeu:7. lit per mile,which is a reduction of about 20 per eent.froln the ordinary eret-class fare. Tickets will be available until - the cud of twelve months from tee last day of the month in which the issue is made. The tickets are only avail- able for the personal use of the.purchaser and of his or her family and guests. . . It is easier to sympethiee With .741r.flenniker_fleaten's jubilant gratifieation at his latest victory over the " Cif- cumlocteieri Office " than to understand why the postal reform he has just succeeded in securing should ever have been rendered necessary. Fr S9lllO inexplicable 'reason, pircels have been sent to Japan by the British Post Office in German ships, and for some still .more mvsteriene reason, they were at one time forwarded, in the first place, to Hemburg or Bremen, thoughthe• Ger- man meii ships to Yokohama c Mat Southampton. Some time ago, "stung by reproaches," as their indefatigable critic puts it, the Eaglish Pest Office decided to dispense with the voyage to Germany, and parcels for Japan are now put on board the mail steamers at the Etiglien part. This ;Res an encouraging concession,and'Alr.Reatoii has the satisfaction of announcing thet arrangements have been adopted udder which p ircela. for Japan will from next October be sent no longer by German but by Ea - ships. The victory seems to have ma•le. Mr. Heaton very cheerful, and be write:. hopefully te the " Tinies " about the scheme for a parcel pest convention with the 'United States, which everyone must hope will soon be ado Wed.

One of the queerest eases of suicide on record is just reported from Gong Kong. wheaz it occurred a few days since. A very harrible plague is raging there, and it necessi:ates the employment of a, number of coolies , for -sanitary work. One of them who had been imprisoned with others for taking bribes, took his piiniahment so --much to heart that he hung himself in his. cell by his hair. Twisting his queue round his neck ha attached it to a ventilator, and with a drop of a single foot managed tfi dislocate his neck. The Empress Eagenie, who will return shortly to England to enjiy her IA ijesty's haspitality at o;barne has been visiting the scenes of her childhood in Spain. A few years ago there were mtlly ire G'-ana,da wao re- membered her Mojesty'a father, the Count dl GIIVIVII3 Mantij i Youtocarrero, a v-iry hairisome Spinish ()Meer, who fell in love with the 6eautiful- 7.-Aisa Kirk- patricc, dauatiter of our. Consul at Milaga, married her and brought her to Grin 'Ala, where the future Empress of the French and her sister, the Duchess of Alba, were bore. The C )unt hail been terribly wounded about the face and head in the Peninsu'ar wars, and was literally " minded ".witlagald plates, at large scalp waun.l being disguised with:a plaqu of addiand ano-her Wound its tha jaw was also coated " with the same precious metal!! Natalitst inding.he was afiati loaking inan,and his wife was exquaitel beautiful. Toe Emorta4a. wha had not been in Granatla for many years, recagnised.. soma- of her nf,i friends, and Was delighted by her visit .to her birthplace. A large firm of Irish linen manu'aeturers, having .failed, or einsing its stock to be soil off in Landon. Toe expiaaation of the f ilure will be read with interest. This firm. SilV3 the aanouncement " extensively engaged in the Irish linen trade, are compelled through the late Anarchical and disturbed state of Ireland, and the °On- fusion of the public mind with regard, to forthcoming events, which ocea-done a complete want of ztability of trade—to euspend payment, the result of which has been to bring Lbsa:d-aaaiblislied firm to bankruptcy." " The confusian af. the pualic triliod with reg-ard to farthcam- ing even tt; " an nm•3sinfr, commintary rip so the -claim of the T iriN that wilful they are in offite the minds of all men of businemi are at ease.

I The vrrk of Mrs. Stowe, who has just died at a great age, prerits ays the " IYlanchrster Guardian " one of the ms t c,:ifiosi.les of iecent literary history. N-ita grtmt rer,ah ti 3 oroduced,by her writings, or by her one( tto-i,us lock, an (..lioct probably wider -and more interc-4-, it lastArl, than any othef‘ writer of the century has- vecrial. Time, it must be eoalessal, has clawed 44 Uuci, Toaa:i Cabin " sadly in its ciatch. Everybody can uoilit out now its shortcomings in ac- curacy of social p )rtraitor ,1 aud in style. .Bit there is a kind of book whi,..h—partly by the intensity sf the feeling that shines through them and partly ,by their. sineular opportuneness in il':roduc.ing the public at the right moment to feelings Or c-inclu*ions en the verge of whieh he public was- consciorpth rig—sometimes' achieve a success scarce y intelligible to the reader sch.,, in later clays,tr,es to find in their workinanship the secret of their first popularity. One cannot give EalCh .work place in the first rank of literature, but a second-rate wrier never achieved a first rate popularity under mr- .cinnstances which li4a.ve so little to be regretted and so -much to he glad of as the popularity ..of Mrs. Scowo's famous story. '

A correspondent, of the "Tempi "has interviewed tip - Emperor Menelik, who showed him ;A bulky okl.ket 'of letters received by him from Eiirope and other par i.i; of the world. There were hundreds of letters•congratula,- ing him on his victories. Many of the writers wer,:— anxious to enter his service. Au Enc4liehmaa•addressed him as "My dear Neu." Inhabitants Of Trieste dir- liking Itily sent him an address in verse. Swiss. admirers reminded him of their own litrugle of inde- nendence. Germans and Austrians ridiculed' • their • Iralian allies. Schoolboys begged for Abyssinial peistage -.tamps. Jews offered to float Ethiopian .bonds. An ustralian clergyman sent him long quotations from the Bible. A French girl sent him a prayer. which cured all diseases and warded off all fhe correspondent .ilso saw French caricatures of Menelik and of Signoi Crispi, over which his Maj-.sty iwal very merry. Wen complimented upon his hospitable treatment of hi 4 pri- saners, he remarked that though the fr.Jians might have depicted him as a savage he had in this r6spect simply followed Abyssinian usages.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
C RICK LT.

ri_EO. G. EU 3SEY. & CO., the leading Sports Manufac- kX twrers of London, S.E., have published a most com- plete catalogue. it is bound to interest Cricketers, Golfers, Tennisers, Croquet Payers, ani the like. If you cannot ob- tain a copy from theloml Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B. & Co., BS above.

_ Uticketers should get the G. G. B. Diary, price 64d. post free.

*** Secretaries of Cricket lubs are lequested to note that ref, rts nt.he pl tyed on S ittirday must he sen to the Head Office i3ewsey-street. Warrington, not later than 10 to'ziock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

LATCHFORD JUNIORS V. ARPLEY JUNIOREL—PIayed at the Del. er;, Latchford. Score :—Latchtord, 28 ; Arpley, 15.

DARESBUIZY V. HarroN.—?layed on the ground of the former on Saturday, resulting in an easy win tor tile home team. Score :—Daresbury, 55; Hatton, 14.

PAUL-STREET" RED Ross" J.C. v. Sr. ALBAN'S 2ND TEAM LC.—This match was played on Saturday on the ground of the fcrrner, and resulted in a win for the homesters by 20 tuna. Score :—Paul-st., 63; St. Alban's, 43.

WARRINGTON v. BOOTLE.—There was a large attend- ance on the Arpley ground on Saturday to witness the ret9rn engaAtnent between these teams. The result was a decisive victory for the home team. Score and bowling analysis :

1330TLE. WARRINGTON. H Clarke b Scrimshaw ...... 7 J Bibby run out Price b Connor lB Thewl s b Price 0 W Spence b Scrimshaw 4 J C Mon b Price 14 GB owabill h Scrimshaw 5 W H Podmore c Crouch b _

- - II Williams b Connor R A t.o.taia b Scrimshaw... 6 B Connor not out 104 P Graham O Scrimshaw ... 2 G Clarke b Spence 0 J P Crouch c Poilmore b G Crosfield c Jones b Connor J L Jones b Scrimshaw ... 0 A C Nelson b Spence F C JohnaJn c and b Scrim- G ilampson ruu out shaw l5 Scrimshaw c Price b Rev IL Wiltux not out JJ C.•ostield absent hurt Extras 4 Extras 2

Total B3 Total ... ....... ..177 BOWLING ANALYSIS. BOOTLE. WARRINGTON.

OMEW 0 MR W B Connor l3 1 45 S Price Scrimelmw l2 4 3 34 7 Rev H Wilcox ... 11 227 0 Connor bowled a wide. P Graham.

Vy bpence _ _ _

li nirownbill... 3 0 19 0 BOOTLE V. WARRINGTON (SECOND ELEVENS) .—At Bootle. Sore

BOOTLE. WARRINGTON. WilliaMS-310oea b Cromp- England b Parr 2O ton

Parr c Sitcom( b Crompton 27 Silcock b Parr Ellams c Bowen b Duck Unsworth b Parr worth l5 Bowen not out Dr. A. R. 111'Leay 40t out 81 Crompton c Gilmore b Smith b Roddy Gil more b Duckworth Schweitzcrc and b Duck- Cook lbw b Parr. 8 worth

Rogers b Si!cock 0 Roddy b Ai•Leay hiddock b Duokwor h Gamer c Cook b Crompton 5

Dew c Duckwo,tlf b Uusv;orth kixtras lO Extras

Total 195

Total. 134

ST. ELPRIN'S, WARRINGTON, v. WINWICK.—A.t Gorsey- laneon S iturclay, aril resulted in a win for the home .team. Score : SE RLPRIN'S. ' WINWICK. 3ctaskell b Straw IttlAson b straw • 3 Wallace b Grestr 0

_ --....— Scarisbrick b Wallace 0 B Copple h-Clrety Robson b traw ,Duckwarth b Straw Barnes b follace Whittle c Pel;iis b Wallace 2 Straw lbw b Barnes Wools run out Gresty lbw o Wall Aee l2 J. PeHiss b Gresty 3 liradahaw not. out Hat on b Mathie4on Extras 6 Extras • 4

Total 4B

Total

iIYCKLEY-STREET S.S. (WARRINGTON) v. Sr. ELPHIN'S 2ND.—Pl.yeri on Saturd,4y on the ground of the former, and ended in an easy win for the hamsters by uiuk wickets and 91 runs. Scare : ST. rLPIIIN'S. BUCKLEY-STREET. TiAves b Jot fey 0 Spruce not out 5O Bu4erworth rim out 5 Jolley run out Wellfare b F Leech 0 4 Pugh not out Whitbarn b Jolley • 2 Hin,theliffa c Haddock b Jolt ,:cf Baines b F fo.e._.h.-..... Scott b F Lech Hall b Jo:l,v 0 Addilon D Jolley I Sykes not out Pugh b jolley Extras E Extras

Total l2

Total lO3

PETER WALKER AND SONS V. WESTON.—ThiS match was played.at Warrington on Saturday, resultlo2 in an ea,y win fonthe brewery. •T. Todd took four wicket kr four run,, and T. Allen fetir wickets for six runs. Score :

• BREWERY . WF.STON. Arber b Mitch sod 5 W Pendlebury b T Allen 0 Caine h Tocitir 2 Lightfoot b Todd ' Milner b Miteheson 13 Allen b Tuda- 2 Mitehe3on b T Allen Bail.,y. e Tu.ior.b MI • ch.tion 8 J A Pendlebury retired , _ .

Ashton b Tudor Tocl,l b7Pudor

8 hurt. 0 C PendlebuTl7 b Todd

P Allen: b Miteheson ~. 1 Murices p fodd 0 l'l nl.'on b Tudor . ' 0 Iloperb .0 Allen I Johnson not Out 2 Somerville b Todd 6 Tilling b Tudor 1 Owen not out lt Williams run out 3 Extras 3 Extras 2

Total 44 • Total 1.2 WESTON 2ND Y.• PETER WALKER AND SONS 2ND.—At Wenton, nn S iturday. Sxmc : WSTON2D. BREWERY 2ND. Tudor c Brookes b Ramp- Stone c Jones b Pye son

Jones blnns C WWI ins b' Harripsoa 0 Lloyd b Tudor Le eh Is Vo ,n• 23 Collins c Leach b Pye ...... 4 Yates-b OoUins 4 Knight c Norton b Tudor 0

Pye ci Noon b Collins 2 Brookes b Pye 6 Birs:Les rim out Green b li•light P WA i.i.nas c Ayling b Hampson c Pye b Tudor 2 Collins Mil not out ' 4 N,vtori. c Lloyd b Noon 5 Extras lB Extras 0

Total 101

Total 33

WARRING ros LEAGUE.

• SANKEY WI RE MIL LS V. SANKEY WESLEYANS. —This important fixture was played on the Weslecans' ground on Stturdar, bAlore a large gathering. The visitors won th toss, 13-eaman opening to Williams, who contented himself playing steadily,Bsiley on the other hand getting some away very nir•ely. till at last he fell to a catch at point. Ileishy, who followed, was caught first ball Runs after this came freely till Williams, who was appar- ently set, watt unfortunately run out. Crosskill, •Ntarshall, Woodcock, Simpson and Warburton hit, very freely for their scores, the innings at last terminating for the fair rcor,! of 113. . The botnesters started very badly', one wicket falliag for five and two for 28, but upon -Upson joining. Roderick a long stand was made and not till the ,;core had reached 60 was a separation effected. After this no one gave. Rods-rick any assistance, and the last wicket fell at 84!, Roderick earring out his bat for 28. Ilotyym had the fine average of six for 21 Alarshall to for five.. arid Warburton two for ten, Scare

• ' WIRE MUM. WEiLEYANS. Williams rim out • 9 Taylor b Hobson 4 Bailey e sudi, h ,Bearnatt 11 Roderick not ta,t 2B It el:l,v e Ll.z' ti b Beaman... 0 Clare b Marsh-dl Cess,kilt t.) Llowellyn... ..... 10 'Upson b Hobson 7vms b Llewe lyn

Mar:4l%ll c Llewellyn b Llewellyn b Hobson 16 Bennett c Hobson c Woofinnclc run ou'.

Sinats,n run out 2:i Liglkt b Warburtou Warburton b. WWII ail ll Sudlow b Hobs,' 0 /Colima b Beaman ...... 0 Cotturill c Hobson b Zitless not otit 4 Marshall 5 Watkins c Marshall b • .dobson Extras • 0 Extras it

.Total 113

Total 34

CuEszurty, LINEs ENGTNEERS v. "Y:M.C.A.—The En- • aineers met th Y.M.C:A. on Saturday,at Battersby-lane to play their first IPague match, the result being an easy win !oe the E.nginecrs. Barber of the Y.M.C.A. • being theTonlr one woo could stand the bowling mf Harrison and Monks; knocking np'2l in -fine s€3,le. ~I.awless and ,Ilmes Monks batted well for the Engineers, the former 22, and the latter 16. .Monk s and Harrison bowled in their isr;; goorl form.

EN(INEr.ItS. ' - . • Y.M.C.A. P It Lnwl.ss (cApt) 1) • F Darb3r 8 Brovrn le liarri., Tivirr pFc'i _ , 27. son It Drown 1) wand, '.... 10 It Wolls b tiarrison ...... 0 S ~vaiker c ;',/,. ;r: : 7,-, Ti.owp- - .1- Thompson c Howerdb

. . . ._....., . ..on . ~ 0 _:'‘lon'<:~ ' jolin Monks rnn Otlt ......... 5 E Lictunderi b Ilarriton: 1 Ihrinvls 'Walker ti Thuri'io- ' F Gleavei h •Monks... son ,T.tmes strarbon b WOO iit,... 0. J Pick too b 1‘.1o,1:1: . - 0 (1 Ilif.tlrstr4 b Won:ls NI, Cat-ave b flionips,in J E'-',*o,' 1. (11e,. ...... Tyne?, Tonks b r.... i r.- lB b .lonks . 0 S novr.ard not ont ' 6 FE Birch not out , Extras. . 3 . Fatra.s

• Total

Total 32

===== 0002601_18960704_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS,-FIRST ROUND.

C Towers, Harpurhey .21 W Adsl7l-ea.d-, • Withington 17 F Berry, Warrington S ....„ 21 S Morris, Radcliffe W Rothwetl, Croft's Bank... 21 C Eastoe, Didsbury l7 J West, Pendleton W 2l W Bff. Croft's Bank lB J Jackman,Low Broughton 21 J Wilson, Chef-tham T l7 J T Brown, Leven,hulme... 21 ATh >mason Urmston N 13 A J Jones, Warrington N... 21 T Paulden,Kersal(George) 10 F Wiswell. Wallington 2l 3 Codling. Broughton ... 14 John Crowther, Harpurhey 21 J Siddall. Withington ll M Chambers, Cheetham T 21 RenbenCooper,Oldleff'rd 14 Walter Wells, Withington 21 J PTince, Broughton J K Shaw, Caledonians ... 21 It Wrigley. Stretford J Pendlebury,Pendle`on W2l J Lawrence, Within 11 G Ashworth. Harpurhey ... 21 J Burns, Chee' ham P 19 H Broadey. titretford 2l 3 Whiteman, Withinzton 14 J A:nold, jun. Timperley 21 A Rogers, Pendle on H ... 9 J Tumbull, Radcliffe 2l H Cheatham, Withington 13 P Fieldlng.Lr Rroughton 2l J Shaw, Warrington 8 ... 11 It Rothwell, Warrington N 21 J Ormrod, Lr Bronghton 6 J Barnett, Witling'on R Ande,ton, Warrington N vro Al Ratcliffe, Didsbury ... --- G Wilson, Caledonians J Barlow. Urmston ... 2l JApplet'n,N'wen-'e-Wil's 16 HWolst-ncroft.CheethamT 21 J Abbott,Newton-le-Will's 16 J Tootill. Kersal (George) 21. H Sampson. Withington 13 T Los 4er, Warrington S WMuirhead.Kersal(George) 21 J Taylor, Wh.ll. y J Warburton. Tyldesley ... 21 jWilliamson,N'wt'n-le-W 11 F Shaw. Ta•hicsley 2l J Black, Didsbury R Williamson. Withington 21 W Webb, Pend'eton H J Sharpies, Dhisbury J Beswitk, Timperley W Woodall, Withington ... 21 3 Hartley, Hroughton ......10 G Hammond, Levenshume 21 B Cheste.r, Withington J Smith Cheethain ..... .... 21 W 33,11ey, Dldsbury Jas. Johnson, Stretford 2l W Murphv,Cheetham T... 13 WFielding.Lowerßroughen 21 J Sim kinson. Timperley 14 P Wells, Warrington :3 J Gleave Warrington S 2l F 3 Heyw'th,Kersal(G'rge) 15 W Wood, Warrington N wo W Gregg. Brou2hton — ARich,rds'n,Salford(Reg't) 21 3 H Hoysted, Broughton 11 J Critchlev, iiinsford 11 Shaw, Warrington S 2l W Mills, Newton-le-Wil's 10 P Featherstone,cheethunT 21 Jlf Baird, Whalley l5 TFairclough,N'ert'n-le-Wit's 21 G Ball, Warrinzton N J Isherwood, Radcliffe EFaircloughli'wen-le-Wit's 21 J. Allison. Warring'on N 11 D Wright Whalley. 2l HBenningt'n,PendleenW 9 Jos Isherw od, Leigh 2l D Taylor, Timperley W Shaw. Warrington S ...... 21 J Healey. Cheeth am T A Twiss, S•rtt'or I JW G Coombs.Withington 21 8 Helm'', Stretford l2 J Antwiss, tirmston N 2l Sidn'yKetsh'w,OldTrlrrd 19 T Bolton, W,rrington N TII arker. Levenshulme HBannister.Cla'arltotiGreen 21 3 Williams, Withington... 12 0 Coombs, Wallington 2l A Chappell. Lr Broughton 20 J Duggan. Chee' ham T 21 S Booth, Withington C Worsencroft, Didsbury... 21 D Huey, Withington 9

The second round of the amateur championship was opened at Heaton Chapel, an Monday, in the pre- sence of a large gathering. Much excitement was dis- played over several of the events, notably that between Critchley (Hindsford) and Wells, of South Warrington ; 14herwood, of Radcliffe. and Will Fielding. of Lower Bro.:ghton, and Philip Fielding with T. Fairclough, of Newton-le-Willows. In the latter event the ex-champion was distanced by three shots. Towers, of Harphurhey, played &runaway game against Duggan, of Cheetham. and Shaw, of the Caledonians, saved a place in the next round against Edward Fairclough. The third round was commenced about five o'clock. Its leadiag features were the defeat of A. Jones, of Warrington North, one of last year's prize winners ; also the distancing of R. 13,Try,gold medaltist, South Warrington ; and FrAnk Wiswell, of Withington. W. Wood, of Warrington North. dropped by a couple of shots to Tootal, of Bersal. Results :

===== 0002601_18960704_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND ROUND

_-. W Wood, Warrington N 21 J Antwiss, Urmston N ... 12 T Critchley, Tlindsford Ti P Wells. Warrington 5... 15 F Shaw, Tyldeslev 2l E Shaw, Warrington S ... 13 John Cr .wther. Harpurhey 21 Joseph Isherwood, Leigh 6 W Wiln, Cheatham 2l A Faulkner, Crofts Bank 13 It Anderton, Warrington N2l J T Brown, Levenshulme 9 W Fielding, Lower Brough- 3 Ltherwood, Radchffe

ton r '-harn'es. Doosa CR 2l J Barlow. llrmston N ... 10 F Berry. War, ingtm S 2l T Locker. Warrington S 18 F Chamhe-s. Cheei ham T 2l .T Beswiek. Timperley l2 A I wis, Str,,ford ..Tames Johris'n. qtretford 2l W Rothwell,Croft's 11 ink 5 JW G Coomt”,Wit.l.llll „ton 21 W 14tuirhead, Kersal G C.,nmbs Withirgton J J,4ekrnen,Low. BrootAtton 21 J B trnett, Withington T F irelough. Newtou-le- P Fielding. Lr. Broughton 18 Wil'ows" ' 2l G Ashworth, Harpnrhey 15 C Batlow, Levenshultne 2l 3 Gleaye, Warrington S 19 H 1),-wriaeis, 11.,ro•irhey 2l T Fairelough, Newton-le- -3 K Shaw, Caledonians 1 Willows

G T .wers Harnurhey W Shlw, Warrhaiton S 2l A Richardson, Salford If Bannister, Chorlton (Peet) Green 2l H Wolstencreft, Cheet- H 11, oadv. Stretford Walter Wells, WI: bington 21 P Featherstone, Chelt- , ham T l3 G Hammond. Levens- . hulme... 2O R Wil'iamson, Withiagton 21. J Arnold, jun.. Timperley 10 F Wiswell, Withington ... 21 GPendlebury,PendletonW 15 A J Tones Warr ngton N... 21 J Smith, Cheetham T W Wilson, Caledonians ... 21 W Jackson, Northenden 9 T Rolton, Warrinvon N... 21 J Turnbull. Radcliffe J Tootlll. Kersal (George) 21 0 Worsencroft, Didsbury 11 W Woodall. '''ithington ... 21 3 Warburton. Tyldesley 17 D Wright Whalley

===== 0002601_18960704_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRD ROUND,

D Wright, Whalley J Totalll. Kersal (Gorge) .21 W Wood, Warrington N... 19 C Barlow. tevensloulme T B ltoo, Warrington N ... 21 J Jackman, Lower 11 Williamson. Withington 21 Broughton l3 WW. ils, W:thington T Fairclough Newton , 2l J Sharpies, Douglas 6 JW G Coombs,Withington 21 W F Walker, Cheetbarn F Chambers, Cheetharn 2l If Binnister, Chorlton 1-1 Ciunsels, Hqrpurhey J Crowther, Harourhey ... 21 F Berry, Warrington R F Shaw, Ty!desl .y 2l A J Jones, Warrington Nl9 C Towers, Harpurhev W Wilson, Caledoniqns 21 3 K Sisaw. Caledonians ... 19 'W Shaw, War. ington S2l 11 Broady, Stretford W Fielding,Lower Though- 3 Johnson. Stret ord ton J Critchley. Hindstord... 16 ForritTEt ROUND. W Wells. WithimYt r W Fielding, L'r Broughton 21 3 Toot ill. Kersal C Towers, Harpurhey W Wilson, Caledonians-- 21 C Bari w. Levenshulme 14 .7 W Coombs. Withington 2l T Falre'ough, Newton... 16 F Shaw, Ty'dealey 2l R Williamson. Wallington 14 T Bo ton Warrington N 2l D Wright. Brooks's Bar... 14 W Shaw, Warrington S 2l J Crovrther, Harpurhey... 11

===== 0002601_18960704_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
FIFTH r:PUND

W Wells, Withinztoi 2l W- Fiddinz,Lr. Broughton 11 T Bolton. Warrlnzton N 2l vir Sh w, Warrir,gton 5..: 20 JW G Coombs.Withlngton 21 W Wilsen. Caleaonians ... 12 Towers, Harpurhe.y ...... SEArr-FixAL.

JW G Conmh,Wfthhtonl T Bo:ton, Warrington N... 5 W Wells, Withington . FINAL. .

. • CoombA , Third and Furth Prizes.

T BAWL, Warwington N... 21 oTlwers, Harpurhey ... 6 P•lth and Sixth, P,lzes. F Sbaw.T2.-Idesley ...... 21 W15.1,ft.w. Warrinlton 5... 17

3ventli snit iphth Prizes

W Wllion, Caledonians 2t W Flelding,Lr. Broughton 20 HANDOCK V. ASIITaN RECC,IIATION.—At Ashton, on Saturday. Scor,

HAYDO'HI. ASHTON. Thorogs Davies . 13 0 Jameson .. 15 John Millington John Tither

Jas Pilling. Hv Pilling , 11 W Hart Yd Fairhurst 5 T Jameson l5 J Marsh liaT Sirnna __

P Stirrup. wen ' 3 J. Dooley, jun l5 P Stirrup. jun John Stirrup. S Plant T Baines 6 C Rose l5 P Harrison l2 J Blinst.me G Pimpled • 12 C Simm l5 a Simm J Berry S Clayton 6 R Hart l5 Hy Sheppard 9 T Cross John Haseiden A Shaw _ __ _ _

J Rawlinson - - 9 J Heaton tJ Derbyshire W Bootle • 15 W Green 8 7 Davies ll T Hart l5 J Baines l5 J Picaton B Twist J Williams 8 .D Pilling l5 J Livesley 9 If Forster W Stirrup \ 7 J. Jameson J Boardman l3 S Houghton J Bibby B Baxenclale ll J Corkoran l5 Jas Elaine.' 'it J Forshaw l5 G Gino.. IT 11,9. tty T Berry

Majority for Ashton 129

At Winchester Assizes on Saturday. Private Smith,44th King's Royal Rifles, was sentenced to death for the murder of Cornbra.l Payne, of the same regiment at Aldershot, on the 231:h May. At Le:cester, Henry Lett. labourer, was Sc•.ntenced to death for the murder of Harry crosslancl, at Oactiv,'on the sth April last.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
a• 11 -E I 4- ~ r I ° • a •

A pleasant and refreshing 101. t five remedy, acting mildly Ye,. thoroughly and effectually UPI: the Liver, Kidneys, and BoWe" without any of the known WI:, pleasant effects of pills and Ptli- gative, Such a remedy has now becorae

generally known_

:t Sae, 40`. '4l -le .4 4 ••.• 4 It " 29 • -o - - 4:1 * 14 9. 4' • "44 WO

===== 0002601_18960704_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Syrup

° g s 0

An absolute cure for Habitual Constipation, Sluggish Liver,. Biliousness, Headache, Loss ot Appetite, Dyspepsia,, Indigestiou, and the many ills arising from a disorded state of the Liver, Kid- neys and Bowels. Pleasant to the palate; prompt yet gentle and painless in action. Children enjoY it, delicate ladies find it .an ideal I medicine; busy men take it with. out inconvenience or discomfort. The true and original Sypup of Figs is prepared onli by the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP COMPANY; Of Chemists everywhere. Price t/zi and 2/9; or POS4 free on receipt of price, from the Depot- -32 SNOVf HILL, LONDON, E.

V . ........./...:***l

IN TERES LING MA R RIAGE AT 61:.

PAUL'S CHU ItCH.

A. large congregation gathered in St. Paul's Chur Thursday, last week, to witness the marriage of Annie Smethurst, daughter of Councillor Smethur

Bewsev-road, to Mr. James Allison, governor of the wick Green Industrial Schools, and formerly assi

schoohnaster at the Nati.nal SChools,,,,filiurch4treel

bride eutered the church at two o'clock, and look

ceedingly pretty_ in a cream. figured-casidnere

trimmed with satin, and a picture hit to match.

carried an exqnili:e nouqu-t of orchidi and white

The bridesmaids were Bess Minnie and Miss Ada

burst, and they were attired in figured urocade. each carried a !plugger. the gift of the groom, who also presented them. with a gob of un! gue design and containing the mom

_ Of the recipient. The clutis of best than fulfilled by M. J. D. Brim-loc. • The oi

lug clergyman was th Rw. IL V. Pigot. SeF were played on the org.in by _Mr. Widce, and

peals were runz tin the bi-!IS:

Th'e newiy-m-irried

afterwards departed for North Wales 'where tho moon is being spea. A large number of frierl(

d.,wn .at the -sulis cinent, w(Adini!

, night there was a SrYtial gathering of friends of the , and bridegroom. The weddino• • presents included,'' following ; . •aet°. Bri egroom to bride, tlll.mnnd and,. pea..-I lyacelet brl briciegro.nn, gold alb,' ; Koller an , M' tii r, cheque?, travelinz 13..v,ket ; ,lotb r. knitted qui!t; Mr J• If smethlf# ; ,sa silver cake bas,,et ; Mis. M. •ineill it...L. else °Let knives and ~ forks ; Ms , A '.4rnethn.:,t. s 7 I ver s ad; Mr end Mrs Aim's, I,,,rne,er : Made, 9 onl. oi Noel. sidelo .rd cloth : ,' - -".. ban towels • Mr '. Cleo 44,0

'im•th tr

Mrs I Allison, sa'ad lam! eats servcrs ;.,Mr ad Airs vlus. pickle jars ; Sir and Mr, J oil. p ir of portu;si pictures ; fir end Mrs 3'P Whitt!, pair of ti-onz-s . gr(goll :Ars F Naylor (Brhilf ‘-d), skin ; vlts D B,o,niteY ton), Silver hreakkasticrit,l, ; Mat.re rt ti and P BronlhotA quilt ; Miss Marsh (8010 a). tea co, v ; er.s Ciia4wick. Pcpf, stands ;Mr 3 D Briinelow, ',mond au üby pia ; Sua,,nto schoolteachers of All Ssin 's Queen Ann,- silver te/rrio the Committee of Ar. Iwi ck Green In ; its 'Sel'°°l* ouificeo and bronz- clola surmount ed iiv bronz., ; rts"warbd of Ardwick etc., silver ci.tt et:sin:4 and gl'i'''''')lll-4.1n. sitS ton, Daliam. standard lamp ; the Char sugar t0n..;.• and Spoolls ; 41.4.9 e " , • parisr ofHludt,cathitinvsoa:s n an 1 t rint,t t ; Ablermiut c ,se dly one cart ai flowers ; Mr and .. Mrs it Pr St Mrs Boltou. urn r1%.1). silver Mr It Smith and IMiss STolynes.,ix :14;iig pot . nri Mr Smith, ink statni ;Mr ' N A Prail. 0 fruit spo,n ; Mr Hill (Far:ow) and M;ss Whift le silverivEt cu:t barrel ; Messrs and Misses Warburi on t'fiewseyb !IP! s_ ba•i anu 3/ biscuit ba,rel; Mr and Mrs Craddock, dinner service,,l, Brunclret:-., deser. dish ; Miss Brun:trett. servie, t-s ; ir t 9 • Mrs and Miss Walbank, painte.l pocce!-.in p-cture ; Mrs R Bradshaw, pair of ornaments and Pstiso graph ; Mrs Cox. fern stand ; Misse t•ox, glass vases ; Mrs War,l. p.arcelain, pllotogral hs.,4' Ward, - vase ; Miss Walki,s, trinket set ;. and Miss Houghton, silv-r butter dish ; miss Mi (Worsley), silvor jara spoon .; Miss Ito gliLin (\e •l' Willows), plant vase ; Mr and Mrs A PGrange„ In ket.',ooo Mr an Mrs Ward, pair of bronzs ; 'Miss e.th I d'oyleys; Mrs Baxter.oa,ket ; Miss %. Bounitler. plant 10' Miss E Clegg, antimacassars ; Mrs Boardman. bouquet ; B-unclrett serviette ; Miss Woods. Ri '-read helperdlipt and Mrs Crook (Bolon) pedestal staddle.iwer ~it ; Miss wick, photo frames; Mrs 3 Lawton, netted d'oyleys.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday Mi. CgOlsol'et LAIN informed Mr. Labouchere that the iiad no fukr„clef,' information as to the knowledge possessed by Mr. 13"-raiai of .the intended raid into the -Tramsvaal before that itel took place. He had heard " from the sclicitorso'sol` British South Africa Company " that the resignatioV, Mr: Rhodes, Mr. Belt, and Dr. Rutherford Hartis„ere, b_2er. tendered and accented.- Answering Mr, Labotle: the Chancellor of the Escm quer paid the_ordy Xt"; pease incurred by the Tre,ttity in conscqu.nce military operations in Rhodesia vris a small 0_12%0° the transport of 600 men from Capetown and 1:111 Mafekine. 0/ ter

Mr. BALFOUR, in reply to Mr. Coghill, gave the .090 of the referen•e to the Commission on Old-age-Penner' acd, in reply to Mr. -Charming, the terms-of the l'toei -ence to the _Commission which is to ii.quire incidence of local. and Imperial taxation. $ The Worldeg Men's Dwellings Bill was read a •5',11 r",: time in the Rouse of Lords on Monday. The 0' 091 le,?alise - marriage we h a deceased wife's sister 11 passed through Committee practically unaltered- og count CROSS meved the second reading of the oise„tiA of Animals Bill, and after a brief discussion the ~. was carried by 83 votes to 34. • TUESDAY. ANOTHER ALL-NIGH I" SITTING, The sitting of the House of Commons which tie,"iistP,. three o'clock on Monday afternoon was continue°, ere. a quarter past eight on Tuesday morning, when Tojciecl''., port stage of the Agricultural Rating Bill was coo*'''„vic_l4 The closure was moved by Mr. PALFOUIt at two 0 9 wken the sixth clause was under consideration. motion .was agreed to by 245 votes ,to 92,and the„cifor was added to the Bill by 253 votes to 94.1 Mr. .Pairee,:, again moved the closure at.twenty minutes Past and it wris agreed to by 246 votes to 38; A few 01;00') 1 before four o'clock Mr. Balfour moved that the that clause 7 'stand pair of the Bill be • put. TilZetl,.. carried by 234 votes to 89,and the cianse was the Bill by 334 votes to 90. A number of other aoi ments were briefly discussed; and eventually the 00 reading. N7';sl fixed for Wednesday. 4 , corita 0 Mr. CEIA:MBF.RLAINf replying to Mr.?". W. Isaac' 4eu ; both the Cape and Natal Governments bad-r3):', Vil, assist in suppressing the disturbances in I:W(109°0%0' up to the present the authorities on the spot had* • r. 0. vilted the acceptance of the offers. , tlls".tlie Mr. GOSCHEN informed Mr. E. Robertso"_. .00 7.6. statements as, to the misconduct of British seat°7 -cy bey occasion of their recent visit to Rome which_,,ova Itlte . published in some Continental papers were a"-- ) , oel

PECULI&R BICYCLE SELLING' TRAN-

SAC rION.

TYRES MADE IN GERMANY. A CHARGE OF FALSE PRETENCES. tovroti Friday, betore the magistrates at the Warrington 1,55 ugh Puttee Court, Geo. Bloomfield, Longforo-st., fai_c,cliarge-d wt n obtaining on the 19 ti April, £2 by .Zi..l:letences from Thomas Smith, 122, Orford-lane. fen7eciii. rowne prwecuted and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins de- 1i Browne said that Mr. Smith, the prosecutor, was It! e,nlan " dresser " in Dallam Forge. Defendant :en his time in the same department. They bad ijea co nv er s a tio n together on tne 19th April in the that om " heer-house.- Defendant told complainant bad a bicycle for sale for £6, a Dunlop, 1896, lafet hp .„.• He hoci a written guarantee with it 03_4" ziovember next. If the machine was satisfactory infiplainant said he would have it. He then paid about 17,: and a further 103. the week after and so on until i'uact -0 paid .t - —2. Every time he went out on the bicycle letfletured. 0,1 the 32th May complainant went to ixtllleadant add told him that the tyres were always and uggested that defendant should go out -'lll. They wekt and the tyres .punctured twice the eto Mirtinserott There they took the machine to the „" Dog and Partridge," and enquired if anyone among „"Mpany had a repairing outfit. A Mr. Baines, wh lot of cycle repairikg, said he had. They went yotrde and Mr. Baines asked defendant "What tyres do tie call those and where did you get the covers from." tiolnlacie nn answer, and Mr. Baines asked him a second gm: and he said '• They are Dunlop's." Mr. BAined kale I.LThey never saw Dunlop's and Dunlop never ta ,uYers.in that fashion. Mr. daines looked at the ilaiam? Which was '"The Patent Pneumatic Tyre" and teen,' they were made at Haarlem, in Germany." Pro- olizor then let slip some remark, and Mr. Baines saw at ioa.;that he had put his foot in it. Prosecutor t de- ed tehis £2 back and defendant promised to give money. Later on he said he was going to sell to d 'cYcle somewhere else and .et it from complainant so. Re offered it to another man saying that the Were Dunlop. Complainant did not get the £2, and le& °llt a warrant. When the summons was served adant's brother and mother made an offar to corn- -4alnant but he told them it was in his (Mr. Browne's) ollitis• That was the only course they could take. Com- b, 'ilant was done out of £2 and defendant had got the _ C•lm pack agiln. pteLJenk!ns contended that there was 130 case of false artt'l'ees. The tyren were stamped' and complain- Could have seen that for himself. He ,alse reminded by a gentleman in Court that the toci"(1) tyre was known as the" Patent Pneumatic Tyre" th, „Illiany people would not know the difference. He 11,6" the matter might be settled. ' aannhe tWO solicitors then retired and oa their return kr.-,s,"tined that they had come to an agreement, and utewne withdrew the charge.

b 41-LtRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB.

LIST OF FIXTURES FOR NEXT SEASON. ktkifrE'ady, the League fixtures of the Warrington Rugby Ciuia have been arranged, and a list will be NVended. No fixtures have been made for dates alarch 13th, and that is on account of the cup ties. ,4ultiber of dates occupied in the contest for the cup th" Pend upon the fortunes of the Warrington Club. ticel:Y succeed in reaching the final, the contests will tltteri them to the end of the season, but if they are %or Lci, they will have to arrange fixtures with clubs, th.mselves have been thrown out. It will be 4117 from the list that only one club outside the tlen;" has bee given a fivture, namely, Rochdale St. lelierentS, but it is very probable that others, including dktesli YArkshire clubs, will be played. The two open hp in Ili. list are December 25:h (Christmas Day) and Ilarr3Oth.

bePt.-- 5. s winton away r. 12. Leigh borne .. 19. Sto •kport .„ r. 26. Runcorn uct. 3. Morecambe borne -r, 10. *Rochdale St. Clement's home 17. Sa'tord home .. 24. Rochdale Hornets home r, 31. Widnes a wAy !goy. 7. Broughton Rangers home 14 St. Helens away ~ 21. Widnes borne 28. Rochdile Hornets away 'Lite 5. Oldh,im home

.. _. „ 12. Wigan away 19 Ty desiey away 25. Open 26. Swinton _ home

441. -1. Broughton Rangers away home „ 2. Wan

9. wlioehda'e St. Clements away •, 16. Leigh away „ 23. St. Helens home ~ 30. Open :Feb. 6. Myrelambe away 13. Stock, eft home 20 Oldham away ' .. 27. Tyldesley home ' Mar. 6. Salford away • • 13. Rututorn laJme 20. Cup tie " 27- Cul• tie '"Priendly match.

WA.RRINGTON CHURCH OCIETY.

-„,Thl3„ ~..therad:ctiety celebrated its fourth annual festival on ,goly 01, week. In the morning at eight a.m. there was 401 g, th-uMmunion at the Parish Church, and in the even- `44leep;,° Rev. Edward Bullock, M.A., vicar of S. Jude's, very-'''°l, conducted a service. The attendance was After the service, the annual general meet- the society was held‘ in the National Schools, lent"-st. There were only about a dozen persons pre- 'atet, Tee chair was occupied by the Rev. Morlei ensnn, and there were also present :—Revs. ',ter, G. B. Thurston, and W. S. Hulme, and Captain F. 'eeD.pleton, Messrs. H. Woods, H. N. Houghton, R. Dob_ ;;;;Tinonerley, and Mrs. Stevenson. `ue CitazastiN said he was sure they would all regret Q_ mueb that their president (the Rector) was absent, lit bo.•gh they would not grudge him his well-earned la •y• They regretted still more the absence of the tessmrtnan of the Committee (Mr. Burgess) through e e end they united in the wish that he d t again. ( might .be AP tisedily rest ore o health and strength lu he Secretary (Mr. WOODS) in his report stated that „4: work of the society during the past year had been ah fletl to providing a course of eight lectures on the bZient liturAies kindly given by the Rev. L. J. T. Dar- se were commenced on Thursday,October iZ44cl were continued. It was the intention of their irnittee to have arranged for a public meeting to BTe been held during Lent, but it was ascertained that atidtbitilar meeting might be arranged during the autumn, Was thought better to give up the idea of a Lent int,';',lng and to join forces with those who were promnt- autumn meeting. It was then found to be too 41e to arrange for another course of lectures for Christ- ' biear3; ThoY commenced their fourth year with 99 mem- ber-. boring the year there had been eight new mem- -111,13 added. One member had resigned so that there lzbeen a net gain of seven to the society, making its nt membership 106. Eloesoe submitted the annual financial statement. the %ted that it would be within their recollection that litintlatices of the society were not in a satisfactory con- tot?„?. last year, there being a balance against the bet -"Y of £4 4s. i. It was suggested that the mem- -14,1 'hould be asked to give donations in addition to 44reriptions. This was done and the donations (144nted to such a sum as had put the finances of the thisetY en a. sounder basis, and he was happy to say that Ati..33'et• he had to report a balance in hand of ten.' ~RAIRMAN said he thought there was matter for iiratulation in both reports. Of couree they all re- td „441 vere much that the attendances at the lectures ler -"vices Promoted by the society had not been Rer th 'lete an they were. But on the other hand, success 'the it ot always a matter of numbers. He believed that Atm 17tures which had been given were most admirable, idepkthee only influenced a few people and promoted a ,peld ','nowiedge of those truths which they as a society Iteer,':"ar, he thought the work of the society had not vain. (Applause.) repsrt and balance sheet were adopted on the ekre,„,"l3 of Mr. H. N. Houghton, seconded by Captain eietnn , Of% • 14et. eel's for the ensuing year were then appointed. The • ,the F. W. Wilts) was re-elected president on 711t.Zrnien of Mr. Woods, seconded by Mr. Timperiey. Ganti ''ods said it was absolutely impossible for him to loiei;lie as secretary as circumstances prevented him v,aed.lffi cn• He did sot now re3ide in the town, and it cult for him to get to the meetings. Alter some I.4l3'B,sion,the Rev. W. It.Hertwrigiat, L. Th.,of Orferd, ‘ttee:tected to the po4ition. Mr. Dobson was re-elected le Ter, and the following gentlemen were appointed h"alichl committee :—ReVe. MorleLStevensom, A. A. 'lclt, nlotrld L. ar97 L J T D all,tties . H.J. Westbrook, on H McGregor, Stalls field Woods, and H. • tioti e!'keth, vot es of thanks concluded the meeting.

4RTER'S LITTLE PILLS

BEAUTIFUL TEETH use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the world. Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, romy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for BOZODONT. 2s. 6d.

Liver, Bile, eme:teCeniplexion, and %%lye thae,„,..hes Promptly: 0e...a so as to stay 10. lid.

THE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO

CHILDREN.

MEETING OF THE WARRING roN BRANCH. The annual meeting of the Warrington and district branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children was held in the Mayor's Parlour at the Town RaII, Warrington, on Friday. Captain Rodger occupied the chair, and there were present—Mes3rB. C. Harold Broadbent, W. H. Greener, and A. Fl. Lee, Mrs. James Fairclough (Mayoress), Mrs. E. Greenall, and Mrs. Harrison. WORE IN WARRINGTON DISTRICT. The fourth annual report stated that the committee had great pleasure in vending the beneficial work' accomplished in this district during the past year, and took that opportunity of congratulating the Society's members upon the success-of their efforts. It was a cause for regret that the number of cases which bad come before the Society's notice had increased considerably. I upon the previous year's returns. On the other hand,it I was a proof of the Society's activity in bringing to light what would otherwise remain obscure. Action had been taken in 65$ eases, involving 994 offenders, and chang- ing for the better 600 homes in this district since the branch was started four year ago. It had reached 2,046 children,and,in the name of the 1aw,445 warnings bad been given, 131 prosecutions bad been instituted, and 1,400 supervisiou visit's had been m -des Facts and figures however, left little impression upon the ordinary mit:El ; but these facts and fieures repre. sented pain, sorrow,and suffering inflicted upon helpless childhood at the hands of brutal, callous,and indifferent parents. The society's first object was to prevent , cruelty to cl-ildren. It would be noticed that the num- ber of prosecuted cases had greatly decreased. Only when warning proved ineffectual, which was very seldom, did the society avail itself of the strong arm of the law. Supervision followed a term of imprisonment, and helped parents to fulfil their good resolutiocs. When a case came under the notice of your committee, it was peri-dically supervised by the Inspector, and no case was finally struck off the books until it was deemed per- fectly setistactery. Financially, the year had been one of success, and the committee tools that opportunity of congratulating the many labourers on the fruits o their toil. To the subscribers and donors their sincerest thanks were again due, and they trusted that their past favours might be extended to the future. They had been able to hand over a balance to the National Society of £llO 16s. 4d.. to help to further develop the w rk in other parts of the country, to educate public opinion, and carry Bills through the Houses of Parlia- ment of ;lie greatest importanre in coon. ction with the further protection of the Nation's children. The committee tended its best thanks to Miss Broadbent for the energetic and able way in which she was carrying had on the Children's League of Pity, and to all those who helped in the great work they had in hand,and they wished in particular to thank the police generally, the Scheel Attendance officers. 4Sce , for their kind and con- tinued help. They also desired to express their apprecia- tion of the very satisfactory way in which Inspector McAteer had fulfilled his difficult and sometimes painful duties.

The report was adopted on the motion of Mr. C. H Broadbent, seconded by the Mayoress. The CHAIRMAN proposed a vote or thanks to the hon. treasurer and secretary, and referred in felicitous terms to their excellent work on behalf of the society.—Mr. A. H. Lee seconded, and said they were exceedingly fortunate in Warrington in having those who would see to the interests of the society.—Mr. Greener responded to the vote of thitnks, and the meeting concluded with a similar compliment being accorded the Chairman.

LIVER PilL 6A\, Small Dose. r‘TER Small Price. for a, ITTLE 4 Ivo) Forty in a Fn. 't vial. Purely Vege t --- table. ni ow or • tk ‘ll-(1

;1110 ; • )

===== 0002601_18960704_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
untrue.

WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday. onAtilefOu'ef for the tiurci readng of the Agricultural 1.3f1u,'„,,:1vt, Bill, Mr. Asclomt moved that it be read again 0 three monthd." that after the bill had -ore'r tered about c.:l th,, sea of criticism, escaping 617e0P„s° only by being louyerted from a permanent co 3Øf ary naeascre; the bill was no longer clescliberl a:the The sure for the relief of agricultural distress, hut a of 4,e stop of a root-and-branch scherne thzl refornithat whole syrem of local taxation. He SUZgr"StediarOed,j, bill was in fact a mealure to conmensate tho[fool;50, terests of the Finance Act of 1894. di f'" • t`' s re denied that the bill would relieve agricultor3; DoSP,OO, or that it would reform local taxation. Sir. •),*(,'slAVlfor garded the hill as a horrible example of cllsa ,e,,e'lbere toe Mr. G. WHITELEY (one of the Conservative 01e740 of Stockport), said that in his judgment the sagenigeSs'4 Government in carrying this bill and the -'l,i;gitOtyoo' Animals Bill would in the lone run b 4 more "-fje than their failure to carry the Education Bill ielatid overwhelming evidence from the country i° Ono tho /On lived that the bill waa entirely repurmant . vib of the electors in the .tewns and urban distric":o4‘ the debate closed Sir W. HARCOURT deliVeTed:r V:ti`.3o speech in condmmation of the measure. and replied on behalf of the Government. Ti'e the third reading was carried by a majoritY 0„

===== 0002601_18960704_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Al

===== 0002601_18960704_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
1'

.f St. bt rl ed • soeP itel„ )goere 5

===== 0002601_18960704_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:001

===== 0002601_18960704_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A L L " t7"47 A INE1? SAT URI ) fir JULY 4, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
• ELBE. 2. Lady only, survived , awful disaster. (Miss. ,CKEE). She was wear-

a 'JOHN NOBLE ,lEVIOT SERGE COS- TIME which looked little

_ I,,couice asfet.e.r) For SUMMER HOLIDAY WEAR orfor ANY WEAR ANYWHERE, I in any Weather. THE JOHN NOBLE MODEL COSTUMES Ready Made and to Measure, are the Public and the Public Press, in ;.1 one clear voice, to be 0 pronounced by ABSOLUTELY the BEST VALUE in the WORLD. Scientifically Cut and thoroughly Well-made and finished in John Noble's own Factories; they are suppl ed in the tolldwing COLOURS: Black, Navy, Brown, Bronze-Green, Myrtle, Electric, 1 Ruby, Cinr Nwn, Gre• -nd Petunia. MODEL 458. • particularly - Costume isting of Sty- Bodice and full, le Skirt, trim- .;cl fine military Aid and fancy ittons. r i-ct:l6 I o'6 t - e. age xtra. Great Variety Costumes shown in John ,ble' s latest shion Volume N E VII DRESSES FOR 'YERYBODY."

long immersion

MODEL 469. Is a very Captiva- ting Coat and Skirt Costume, Tailor- made and finished in John Noble's best style, Th Coat

having unusu- ally neat revers

and square ca ners. A full wide Skirt. Price com- plete, only io/6. Sent carriage paid for 9d. extra. - Patterns &Illus- trated Fashion Sheets post free. A Full Dress Length of th World

tt) for -7;6. Car. 9d ex. ties round bust, under arms, the Skirts being 38, 40 neasure for 116 extra. , Please mention this paper. London & Midland Bank," and made payable to- 3rook St. MANCHESTER 15•000420060302-3902000 MS

• post free to applicants, to- ler with Pat- of the John Cheviot

famous John Noble Chev jot Sergesent

45 1 , 36 and 38 inc: and inches long in ._ :ia-1 sizes made to r Cheques and money nrc,. ~,,ould be crossed " JOHN NOBLE, at., E 026 0064441000110006G60 nommen

„..„.„,.....„_,.... , .__„„,_ 7;..---,7-,3.-_-&------------, - - .---'-C-,. - _ _:-. i. , ).--,----- --,ktit.4- I-:-..-.„----,---, -....-.,--. - -&-.,- - - ” ' '-',gt. . ------V, - - ----2,----NO-1 ~--1..1 F..fl ___,---. ~::„,---,- - --,t---4-7-4,-,--- -: • •••,--7 _ :72•,•_M IC ; • ill a _ --ti ti k 4. 1:49 ff-i 7::-. ~,, ,---_-_-=' 6...1.45e ,a,,,,,,i,?_......,_ , ,r, ...._ ..._., ----01-...,_ • - ' ..Q7/ ra Vii] F.?, __ ..,.._, _.,. --_-_—_,..-:.,=4 .k .....—. ,----,,x=.4----o','-'4,----,. ''''-',.......',-- `i."'" • -_, -7:--ii.V"--*WrAr----tE-4,'W-.3, ---NW -4.: ,_ - - 9-4.----:....x14,4 "retN„ - k„-,,-742,--.7.--,7-- ' - ' `..:7•-•,:,.„*„..- „. ---.. _!,4--...7.--:,*'7:l_,_ 1„,- .„.I:.rdi 40 MS 11.;;AN D 5 '.,*;lO4lEFt-...,,,,,,-, 4. t .-B1 '' :,4' 4All KV 7 :-.....;-_,', - WRECK OF THE 44 -• ~ .or--,.. -_-,._. ,‘‘'''V.;;;"rsA'T *VI. -t.--,J:4N. 081; -, , , gVuf.,,,cl/4. thi• • ), ' ';,\. )\:,:s.-,. *,•'1.t3,1 -..-r------1113::,-.- _ ~,,..c.• /r, ca• ing --,_-_-.-- -- --z- --- ------- - ywy TT . . --.6it,--- =.--- -------------?,77 --- '• •

namon. Fa, y at. -1.0. NIL . . Is a p: -,,',.'1.• Smart 1045 consisf kity?' wid, me( - et . bn• c'. ~,•,,,K3 1 VT.:, bu', • . 4 ~0 1 '',4,..:.• , P r 'PI t ',1%;\,, ..-.`,"•:(, only A pl et -,,'' ..,:':),''': , • Car'ia At 71' 1:44V 'NT= 9dA 7 ‘ 0 i are .. , ' A /•411 t. '. "/ '' /i',.5/ No ' ' 4A'' l /4/,, ~i• , i 41 h 'll . •••• ,// ~/.4 '; . c ~,,,,L, ,2,..!, A ~,,;74,F ~ ,-, getll ,Avipl,7„it ~ , • ';5 . . ', : • , ' tern /* Noble Serge. N.B. Ordinary Stock sizes are. 34, " - in front; Special -rderg shr

, ...,_ .1.611.1 Ir ,e '---- l*lrt' --"•.k, , 1 i I Il k ‘;,`•,;.' /i. 1, 't! ,/ 1 B t :;:. \7 ~ \,, . , , . ,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18960704_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
To be obtained from LEW

===== 0002601_18960704_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Send for our New List before buying elsewhere. You cannot get better quality. 99, Durham Road, BIRMINGHAM

===== 0002601_18960704_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
S & Co., Grocers, Widnes.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAStASED FARINA FOOD. A New and Very Superior Food for Infants, Delicate Children and Invalids. The great desideratum of a Food for Infants, Delicate Children, and Invalids, is easiness of digestion, simplicity of preparation, and power of restoring strength; for these purposes DIASTASED FARINA is superior to any other food Sold by all Che tB, 1/6 per Tin.

MANUFACTURERS t E. Beanes

Falcon Works

0 CO., Hackney Wick, London, E.

. w‘ • ;

===== 0002601_18960704_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE MARK.

$4- 4 *•1;1

===== 0002601_18960704_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER,

CONSTIPATION, WE AK STOMACH

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
LkCE CURTAINS DIRECT FIiONI THE MANUFAWURERS.

- - THE HAPPY HOME PARCEL.-1 Pair elegant Draw- ing Room Curtains. 4 .vds. long, 2 yds. wide ; 1 vair splendid Dining !loom t urtains. 3i yds. long, 52 in. wide; 1 pair Breakfast Room Curtains, floral style, 3 yds. long 48 in. wide; 1 pair pretty Bedroom Uurtaii-s. Zycls. long, 40 in. wide (ALL TAPED EDGES); 1 Lace Cushi In Cover, 1 Lace Hamiker hief, 12 yds Fancy Lace, 12 yds. Crochet Edv.ing. The lot, Car.. Paid, 17s ed. Whit' or Ecru. SUCH HANDSOME VALUE HAS NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Mon- y retrirneil if not approved. Picture Book of Lace Curtains, Roller Blinds. Frilled Curtains, DICE!. &c., Post Free. ROL ER BLINDS edged with Lace or Fringe, from ss. 6d. Samples of Materials on approval. U. GORRINGN & Co., 56 DEPT., NOTTINGHAM

===== 0002601_18960704_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
"Half a Loaf is better than No Bread"

===== 0002601_18960704_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
YEAST.

it Is made with the famous

f a f, 1.0.1t0

The DISTILLERS COMPANY, Ltd., Edin- urgh, invite Shopkeepers to sell their 'east, and Bakers and Householders to ;e it. Absolutely pure and unequalled for Loaf and Fancy Bread, Tea Cakes, Buns, f&c.

D• •C L• 11Cat° th° 6 D•C•L•1 arand.

If . 2 /7.‘"*---1 7 6 ~ .. .'" . at . .\.-.4 1,0,. 6/11.i, . '-‘,,,,-, , ---;, = :4 -,:--4-,,,„,-,,,f4r• ....-,• illt*:--,14 ;-/I.- -'-• - ~,,. ~ri• j. _ ' ,------ ,- t•- ~.„.-;., ~, • \ ~ - . /://j. 4 i''',4N ' v• ' / // . Y 1 \\ p,, ',...',..;.),,, •••••,..'. 4 At, ~.\.• ..., . , ~-, ust f ' -- M;.:7'":',,•-\\,\ --2-- ''b '''' " f'_- , ' '..l'!-. • i ;ter4', '"--- -- -'-- ±-7.' I'' .' ';-.2.,..---...---:-._...U'..-,t..-,, -- '"%*-'

===== 0002601_18960704_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PIL•,E IRISH 1.,,,1ENr.:

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN imsg LINEN aIISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L [NEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRISI.IoarTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

ALL

G.R, HUTTON & CO.! LARNE3 IRELAND.

Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. •

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozeh ; made spec;al to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittinus, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER 7:7 PKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen.

IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. . 2 yds. square, 241 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, qd, per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, Yd. per yard. Huckalrack.TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen: IRISH DRESS LINENS,‘ FOR SUM NI ER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldPutryelNeiroopl.l eatisnes4rsp, aifssfeodr fLeardSier,e, nogrtGhe, nDtuerawbveilaityr PATTERS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
v 44„ NA rti

T-q A- 011Tror91,TPIT" 4 4ikv .426,

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLD% SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &a. The Ointment is a sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bcci_

Manufactured only at. 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON..

===== 0002601_18960704_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY NEDICINE CNESTS.;

W ITII a prudent use, hag saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improvet upon and reduced to a more simple font. Take come good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or littio mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
T

===== 0002601_18960704_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
OC LE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
- - -.i; ...1., .. --------.---a. .:;,-,1- "4 i:,-. e ,n:. -• , -',- 4, ° .‘1 ' ' 'tf r'. : ‘r. ' I ''' ': ' t 41,. ENGAGEMENT A , i ~. , . -- _ • ... , .., x ?I'. ••,,, ---

HALF-HOOP, MARQUISE, AND ALL OTHER DESIGNS,

GIPSY,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SET WITH

BRILLIANTS, RUBIES, EMERALDS, PEARLS, SAPPHIRES, OPALS, TURQUOISE, ETC., ETC., ETC. 6,000 IN STOCK TO CHOOSE FROM.

PARCELS OF UNSET GEMS TO SELECT FROM.

WEDDING RINGS AND KEEPERS. MERCHANTS NETT CASH CITY PRICES, SAVING ALL PROFITS, SELECTIONS SENT TO THE COUNTRY ON APPROVAL.

The FINEST, CHEAPEST, and LARGEST STOCK of

RINGS in LONDON.

Illustrated Book of Rings. Brooches, Bracelets, Watches, Clocks, Plate, &c.,,at Reduced Prices, Post Free. CARDS SENT FREE JEWELLERY AND WATCHES

SIZE OLD

ON APPLICATION. TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

J. W. :lENS* N 911.1\11. tN Queen's Jeweller,.

Steam Factory: 62 Zitz 64, /LAUD°AIME MILL.

AND AT 82, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C., and 25, OLD BOND STREET, W., LONDON.

The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, Sce.

KIA Li'o Pull Drkiiiiis Fims, Bugs. moths Beetles.

F ACTS

and all Dealers.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN,

Are easilT. surely, and with perfect safety got rid of by us ing WWI 01 TABLSTS. Nearly 111 children suffer from Wurms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with ease cure the child (has no ffrct except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins, is. lid. tach.

THE GREAT REMEDY.

isualass GOUT PILLS

MORRIS'S TOLU AND lIONEr

MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA. TIC AND TOOTHACHE.

MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA-BOAD, MANCRRSTER. _

FOR GOUT RHEUMATI6II, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Bx3ruoiating Pain is cpiekly relieved. Sure. Safe. and }Meanll. Sold by all Chemists at is, lid. and 25 91 per boa.

DBALBIIB IN TEAS, COFFBBS. COCOAS, AND DUTCH CIGARS. The a%ove Firm can supply Teas, &c., at the undermen- tioned Prices, viz. : , i I BA.. INDIAN TEAS. I Blended Souchong at is. 24. per lb. 2 Pe. oe ~ is. 44 3 Our Own Blend ~ is. 64. „ 4 Aftern.wm Tea is. Bd. „ 5 Very Choice „ 2s. Od. „ 6 Superb ~ 2s. 64. „ China Teas can be supplied at the same prices as the above.

FRENCII COFFEES.

....._ . per lb. r French Coffee as prepared in Paris with Chicory at;ls. Od. „ 2 .• ls. 2d. PI II 3 ls. 4d. 4 .. ls. 6d. ..

In i;ncl 116: Tins:

PURE COFFERS. 1 Best Pure Coffee at Is. 6d. er lb. in 1, 1-, and 11b. Tins. is. Bd. „ „ 9* is. 10(1. „ Of ft ff „ 2s. Os. „ ft

4 ~

(-1 VOCOAS. 1 Homeopathic at is. 2d. per lb,in I. 1. and 11b. Tins. 2 Pure Cocoa Essence at 2s. 0(1. 3 Finest at 2s. Bd. ,4 Delicious Soluble Cocos (Dutch)

at 3s. Od. „ CIGARS. The following Brands of Dutch Cigars are always in Stock. Single boxes at the undermentioned Prices Carriage Paid. 1 Jaaks 13s. Od. pr 100 8 Sea Flower 16s. 6d. pr 100. 2 Bntre None 14s. Od. „ 9 Whiliminas 17s. 6d.• „ 3 Generoso 15s. Od. 11 Perfecto 17s. 64. „ 4 Speech 16s. Od. „ 11 Manillas 20s. 6d. „ 5 Heraldries 16s. Od. „ 12 Planteurs 21s. Od. „ 6 Express 16s. 64. „ 13 Triumphet ord 225. 6d. „ 7 Nautilus 16s. 64. ~ 14 Valdines 275. 6d. „ Planteurs are supplied in. Boxes of 25 at price per 100. Triunaphetors „ „ 50 - Valdines are supplied in Boxes of 2.6 and 50 at t and f price per 100. Special quotations on the above Cigars in quantities of 500: Samples of any of the above will be forwarded on receipt of 12 stamps.

TERMS: C ‘SH WITH ORDER. Carriage on 7lbs. and upwards is Free to any address in the United Kingdom, exeept on Teas Nos. 1 and 2. The same applies to French Coffees 1 and 2,and Cocoa 1. Tins free Samples are sent free on application. ft Chests (501b5.), fal Chests (1001bs.), are subject to 10 per cent, discount. x

===== 0002601_18960704_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
T. SLACK & CO.,

-.- 951 WESTMINSTER BRIDGE ROAD, LONDON, S.E.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
7Letterz to tor ebttor.

SANKEY BROOK. Sir,—l am glad someone has drawn attention through . yew columns to the wretched state of Sankey Brook. The stench arising from it is abominable.so much so that even during the hot weather which we recently experi- enced, we had to keep the windows and doors always closed as the -smell from the brook was worse than the inconvenience from the heat. And seemingly not con- tent with the existing nuisance, we are calmly told that the Rural Authority had under consideration the length of piping required for the conveyance of sewage into the brook. Surely some regard ought to be paid to the health of the inhabitants. It is well known that the • nuisance exists and yet no steps are taken to put it right. wonder then the locality has a bad name, and houses are empty which otherwise would be occupied. I hope that the matter will not be allowed to rest until the evil has been remedied.—Yeurs truly,

A SUFFERER:

ABOLITION OF WALKING DAY.

Sir,—Has not the time arrived for the abolition of Walking Day as a special festival for Warrington? I ask the question now in order to give ample time for the discussion of the subject before another year, and I trust the discussion will result in the discontinuance of the festival at this season of the year. It is passing strange that Warringten should give itself up to fes- tivity at a time when its neighbours are absorbed in business. What a dislocation of commercial arrange- ments it causes,and that for no earthly reason. If we are to keep holiday, let us do so when other people keep theirs, and we shall thus save much inconvenience. I have spoken to many persons lately on this subject, and they are agreed that Walking Day ought to be held on Whit-Monday. As it is,we are always having holidays. Nearly every month during the summer there is a holi- day—Easter, Whitsuntide, Walking Day, and August Bank Holiday—to the great injury of business. We have no sooner had one holiday than we are preparing for the next,and the consequence is that all through the summer business is at a very low ebb. Times are hard enough without having to suffer the stagnation caused by unnecessary holidays, and I trust the authorities will take steps to abolish a festival which has nlw no reason for its continuance as a special heliday.—Yours, ke.,

A TRADESMAN.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
July 2nd, 1896. PARISH COUNCIL MEETINGS. GRAPPENHALL.

On Monday P vening the quarterly meeting of the Grappenhall Parish Council was held in the National Schools. There were present :—Messrs. J. Charlton Parr, D.L . Lister Kaye, Thomas Smith, R. L. Warbur- ton, R. Boardmin, John Bradford. F. Ellison. and S. J. Woodcoci: (clerk). Mr. Boardman was voted to the chair, and he thanked the members for the honour they had conferred upon him as their chairman.—Mr. William Long, J.P., accepted the position of vice-chairman.— Mr. Lister K ,ye complained of the condition of the Ship Canal, and suggested that the County Council should be approazhed and asked to take steps to cause the bad smell from the water to be done away with.— The Chairman said he had been moving in the matter for the past six montns. He had written to the Public Health Committee of the County Council and the River Pollution Committee, and he had also written to the Warrington Corporation, through the Mayor. The more they agitated in the matter the more they were likely to be attended to. Many of them knew that a great deal of sickness was about, caused by the bad smells. The Clerk said there were two cases of illness in the village which the doctor attributed to bad smells.—Mr. Smith observed that the Ship Canal Company were as anxious as anyone that the bad smells should be done away with —The Clerk —The Salford Corporation have been sum- moned for contributing to the nusisance, and they have promised to abate it so far as they are concerned. It is caused by the sewage floating into the river Irwell, and subsequently finding its way into the canal. Steps are being taken to do away with the nuisance by forming reservoirs and filtering. It is said that in eime the nuis- ance will be entirely done away with.—The Chairman. —Perhaps not for a generation. (Laughter.)—Mr. Smith —There is a divided area. The Canal is part in one county and part in another.:—After some further discus- sion the following resolution was passed "That a memorial he forwarded to the Public Health Committee and the Rtvers Pollution Committee of. the County Council Item this Parish Council, complaining of the foul smell from the Snip Canal and the old river bed at Wilderspool, and urging that steps be taken to ascertain to whom the responsibility attaches and whether any remedial measures can be taken to obviate the nuisance, which may involve very serious. con!ccuiences to the public health, and is already causing sickness as well as much discomfort and annoyance through the district which it affects." —Mr. Smith alluded to the fact that dead. bodies found in the canal at Stockton Heath were brought to Cirap. i penhall and pulled out of the water n the district. Bodies found in the canal were put in a boat and landed at the looks.—Mr. Boardman: They are found in one parish and brought into another.—The Clerk said that this was a matter which had been discussed before. It was a public matter. He spoke to the coroner at the last inquest about the matter,and the latter " coolly shut him up" by showing that what he said would not affect the verdict. That was all he could get out of him. (Laughter.)—Mr. Warburton observed that the bodies were brought to the locks because of the difficulty of landing them elsewhere in consequence of the steep embankment. —lt was reported that no steps had been taken to light Latchford Locks and to protect the public while passing over them.—lt was decided to instruct the Clerk to write to the responsible authorities again com- plaining that tbe matters referred to had not received attention.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATEI.

A meeting of the Stockton Heath Parish Council was held on Tuesday evening in St. Thomaas Scheo Stockton Heath. There were present—lVlessri. J. Whit- low (in the chair), J. Warburton, C. W. Davenport, Atifiton Hayes, F. Pearson, A. Broady, W. Copoock and J. Ellison (clerk). The Clerk read the following letter which had been received from Mr. Piers Egerton War- burton :—" April 23, 11398, Arley Hall, Northwich, Cheshire. Sir,—Before removing the fence between London Bridge and the Mulberry Tree I think it would be more satisfactory to both of us to get the settlement of this question as agreed to by your Parish Council and confirmed by the County Council. PGrhaps you will kindly get this done. I will then remove the existing fence as far as the gardens, leaving you to get the remaining Portion as per agreement. —Mr. Davenport: I don't think the County Council have anything to do with us taking the land.—The Chairman: They will have something to say about making the fory-Inth._mr. Davenport then proposed that the ,enty Coui‘cil be written to asking them to make the f, 'path, and that a reply from the Council be obtained before further action was taken in the matter.— ',qr. Warburton seconded the motion, and it was carried unanimously.—Mr. Pearson said there was an evident desire on the part of Mr. Warburton ty) meet the wishes of the Council. —Mr. Pearson : I be,r to give notice that I shall bring forward a motion for the planting of trees in the lanes and roads in the parish i .—The Clerk : I will see that tlc entered on the agenda.—This was all the business, and the meet- ing concluded.

It will be remembered that when the Warrington team visited Bootle a short time ago they returned home de- feated,perhaps not so much on their merits but more on account of the wretched state of the ground. The de- feat was the more distasteful to the Warrington team in-as-much as it was the first cheek in their victorioui career. On Saturday they were given an opportunity of avenging that defeat,and they did so in a very decided fashion. The result read as follows :—Bootle 83, W ir- rington 177. Credit must be chiefly given to Connor for this result who carried out his bat for a brilliantly com- piled 104.

The visitors were the first to go to the wickets and they commenced in a promising Manner. The initial batsmen hit out briskly and the result was that after ten minutes play, +26 runs were recorded. Connor now effected a separation, by sending Price an extra fast one which disturbed his wickets. Scrimshaw was also successful in his next over in bowling Clark with a fast " yorker," and he followed up his success in a determined manner. The succeeding five overs dismissed a man in each over, and the result was that eight wickets were down for the poor total of 51. On the partnership of Crouch and Johnson, the score was increased to 67 before a fine catch at cover point by Podmore. sent Crouch back to the pavilion. The Rev. H. E. Wilson succeeded him and proved a useful partner. His defensive play enabled Johnson to make what score he could. An accident oc- curred of this point of the game, for in stopping a hard cut by Johnson, Mr. J. J. Crosfield was &merely hurt on the hand. He retired from the field, and took no fur- ther part in the match. The visitors' innings was brought to a close by Scrimshaw accepting a smart return from Johnson. The fielding of the Warrington men was very fine, and !lampoon again proved himself a compatent wicket-keeper, only one bye being allowed by him. Scrimshaw was the most successful bowler, arid had the fine average of seven wickets for 34 runs.

The home team made a very unpromising start in their task of compiling 83 runs. Before any score had been made, Thewlis was bowled, and Bibby was run out when the runs made only numbered eleven. .1. Callon and Podmore were instrumental in increaling the score to 29, but when it bad reached that figure, Callon fell a victim to a good length ball from Price. H. Connor next joined Podmore, and had only made three when he was missed by Spence at short slip, and as after- wards proved this was the turning point of the match. Connor and Podmore both played very caut- iously and as a result they were able to practically de- cide the engagement. Despite changes in the bowling the score was increased to over 70 before Podmore was caught. The retiring batsman's contribution to the score was 23, and it was made when runs were most needed. One ball sufficed to dismiss Clarke, the home captain, who was succeeded by G. Crosfield, who made his debut on the Arpley ground. He remained with Connor until the Bootle score hid been passed, when Jones caught him behind the wicket. Nelson ' had only scored three when he was bowled and made way for Hamnson Connor continued to bat in first-class style, .his hitting all round being brilliant. Four succeeded four in quick succession, and on two occasions he almost drove the ball out of the enclosure. Hamnson continmed with him until he had scored 88, and Scrimshaw succeeded ic keeping his end up while Connor reached three figures. In one over the amateur scored ten for Browdbill and in Price's next over he hit three twos. When Connor's century was hoisted there was enthusiastic cheering.and this was renewed when shortly afterwards he-carried out his bat for 104.

Unlike their seniors the Warrington second eleven were unable to record a victory on Saturday's nritch with Bootle. They were away from horse and in fair- ness it may be said that they acquitted themselves creditably in making a draw against a total of 195. Homesters and visitors alike made a good score and were well represented in batting. Further similarity was that the first half-dozen wickets of each team realize,d a great preponderance of the runs.

Bootle opened their 1001ng4 with Jones and Parr. The former retired with 11 but his partner contributed 27 before placing the ball within Silcock's reach. Mains followed with 15 and Dr. M'L.ary macre a grand stan.i, carrying out his bat for 81. With him Gilmore made 23 and Smith 14 and the innings closed for 195 for 10 wickets. The visitors made an equally promising start, for England compiled 20, Evans 11 and Silcock 17, in succession. Then Unsworth made a" duck" and Bowen went on batting with vigour. He withstood all bowling and outlasted the match with 41. to his credit. Had he been blessed with a good batting partner near the end there would have been a possibility of passing the hlin total, but the batsmen who joined- him retired for sin a totals and time was called with Carter and Bowen n o out. 1.34 runs for 9 wickets is not by any means bad.

Another couple of fixtures were playel in the War- rington League on Saturday and again attracted a large amount of interest. The most momentous of the two was that between the two Sankey rivals :—The Wire Mills and Wesleyans.

Last week I commented uron the success of both team's and expressed the opinbn that prhaos the latter eleven would be able to put a spoke in the wheel of the Wire Mills, not recollecting that they would so soon have an opportunity. Their chanct, came on Saturday, but either the "spoke" was not thick enough,or the" wheel " ,vas too strong, at any rate it was not stayed in it. 4 vic- torious career. The match was played on the Wesleyans' ground and the visitors were the first to utilise the wicket. Williams and Bailey opened steadily but the former was run out at 9 and the latter caught for 11. Flelsby retired first ball and Cros4kill put 10 to the total. Later on Marshall contributed 16, and Woodcock and Simpson made a strorg partnership. Roth were run out, the former at 24, and the latter 22. Another 11 came from the bat of Warburton, and the innings was finished for 113. A poor start was made by the homes- tors two wickets being down for 28,but a valuable stand was made by Roderick and lip ;,)it. They had carried the score to 60 when Upson fell a victim to Hobson, for 22. Roderick maintained his positin, hut the other batsmen were unable to back him up and eventually he carried out his bat for 28: The innings realized 84. Hob- son's bowling was one of th features of the game he having t,ken 6 wickets for 21 runs. Marshall and War- burton also trundled well.

The Cheshire Lines Engineers opened their League fixture list by playing the Y.M.C. A. on Saturday at Battersby-lane. They did not make a high score but it brought them victory,the Y.M.C. A. again being victims. For the homesters Lawless made 22 runs, James Monks 16, and Brown 10. Barber was the only one who could score from the bowling against his side, an he batted very freely for his 21. James Monks and flarri,ion were again destructive with the ball, causing a succession of kalf-a-dozen"ducks"among the "young men," who were all out for 32. What has become of their old prowess ?

Good bowling again broo2ht success to the Brewery first eleven. They had as visitors the Weston team whom they dismissed from a round drzan. Todd and Allen were well nigh unplayable with the ball. Other- wise the team might have been beaten for they were unable to make a big score themsclves, all being out for 44.

The Weston defeat was handsomely atoned for by the second team of the same name, for they wiped out the Brewery second to the tune of 101 to 33. Tudor, Leach, and Williams were the best batsmen for the homesters. whose victory was also largely assisted by the bad wicket keeping of the visitors, who allowed 18 extras, and received none from Weston. Tudor and Pye were the men who made a hole in the batting averages of the P. W. and Son's eleven.

One of the most surprising games on Saturday was that between Buckley-st. and St. Elphins second. The Saints batted—or rather atterrpted to—first, and Jolley and Leach had them all out for 12. Victory wag then almost assured for Buckley-st., but they were appa- rently equal to much greater things. Jolley was run out for a "duck." but the only other two players who handled the bat were Spruce and Pugh, who made 94 between them and were not out. The former scored 50 and the latter 44, while 9 extras brought the total to 103. To record a victory of 9 wickets and 91 runs should be a feather in the Buckley-st. cap for some time to come.

St. Elphins first managed to defeat Winwick on Sat- urday by 14 runs. The game was of a rather close character, the scores being low :—St. Elphins 48, Win- wick 34. This success relieves the monotony of losses which have fallen to the Saints of late.

Padgate Wesleyans and a team representiag Messrs. Thewlis and Griffiths had a match at Padgate on Satur- day. Scoring was remarkably we4k, for the home team only compiled 43 runs, 26 of which were from Ashall's bat, and 7 extras. The visitors made a far worse display for their total was 11—a magnificeot avefage of 1 each. Davison and Ashall prevented a better performance by their excellent bowling. The latter took 5 wickets for four runs and performed the hat trick, and the former four wickets for seven runs. The Sankey Wire Mills and Penketh Wesleyans second teams made a closer thing of it than their seniors though victory lay with the same team 59 and 49 were thei r respective scores and the first batsman in each eleven made the best performance viz :—Cook for ' the Wire Mills 19, and Morrall for the Weslevans 17. Ellis and flighley also batted well for the respective elevens.

BOWLING. The amateur bewling championship was decided at Heaton Chapel on Tuesday,and I am nleaQed to note that two of the prizes were gained by Warrington bowlers. They have had some high-class players to meet and fully deserve praise for their success. T. B Iron, Warrington North was the winner of the third PE`Z.9. and W. Shaw, Warrington South, secured the sixth prize.

The balance in hand on the borough rate fund account in the Man-,.hf-Aer and Liveroool District Bank on the lit April, 1895, was £132 164. 7d. The rates for this fund were £10,364 15s. 81., and the receipts from the Watch, Cemetery, Town Hall, Park, Baths, Borough Analysts, Contagious Diseases kanimals) departments, and taxes, maintenance of property, salaries depart- ment, Parliamentary expenses and miscellaneous brought up the total receipts to £16.895 04. 7d. The expenses on the saml accouots cv, re £18,127 10s. 53.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

===== 0002601_18960704_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1596.

amount on the receipt side was £1,909 02. 2d., and the expenses have included £226 us. 3d. general expenses. In the School of Art the expenses were £737 43: 10d., receipts £294 153. 10d. ' - School of Science and Commer- cial Classes, expenses L 759 153. 6d., receipts £307 93. 63. ; Continuation School, expenses £152 6. receipts £226 Is, sd. It will be seen that the last-named was the only institution to pay its way.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION FINANCE. TitE ANNUAL ACCOUNTS.

Mr. John Fairhurst thebborough treasurer, has just issued the annual statement of accounts of the Warring- ton Corporation for the year ending March 31st, 1896. It c.ntains a large amount of v.tluable information, ex- tending to upwards of 181 pages. We proceed to give some of the more interesting portions of it.

CHARGED OW THE BOROUGH RATE. -BALANCE IN BAND

===== 0002601_18960704_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCH DEPARTMENT.

The receipts on this department for the year have been £3.013 95., the highest item of which is £2,372 123. 61, pail by the Lancashire County Council as eno-half the charge for pay and clothing of police. The fines, penal- ties and fees imposed by the Borough Justices brought in £479 183.. and Her Majesty's Paymaster General paid £76 153. 91. for conveyance of prisoners to gaol. Other sources of income included lock-up fees, licenses, and the rent of the Sessions room to the county police; the latter item being £l5. The expenses totalled £6,104 10s. 31, including the sum of £306 113. 61 to the ex- chief constable and the chief constable respectively, con- stables' wages £4,256 64., clothing £3BO 43. id.; and £5OO, the salary of the clerk to the magistrates.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CEMETERY.

- The fees received by the Registrar were 41107 9 and the church burial foes amounted to £lBB 23. 6.1., makine the total receipts £1295 11,4.11 d. Toe expenses were £l7lO 44. 63. of which £702 54. Si. was required for interest and principal upon the debt ; salary of the registrar, £100; gardeners' and labourers' wages £341 24. 9 ; the various clergy of the town £176 53. 63„ and other minor items. TOWN if AND RANK PARK DEPARTMENTS,

The Town Hall has cost £523 19s. 101., for mainten- ance during the year. The chief items of expenditure were repairs and alterations at Rank House, rates;taxes, and insurance, and besides £129 194. 61 for the hall keep .r's and cleaneeslwages. Tne only item tocicunter- b slanle this was one of 103. for the sale of old wood. The park has cost £1489 163. 10d. The gardeners' labourers' and park-keepers' • wages abflorbed £562 14s. 61., the rustic work cost £39 3s, 81. and £5O were paid as a subscription to bands. Asphalting cost £52 16s. 81.. iron hurdles for west drive £3B 34. 61. fixing palisades, Sankey-street wall, and other improvements amounted to C 530 12s. 41.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXTHS.

The receipts from bathers were £520 21. and the use of the baths for ealas,£6 63. The expenses'were £966 75., consisting of £339 3s. 7d. for interest and repay- ment of princinal of the department, £lB2 34. 34. for superintendent's and assistants' wages; £lO9 153. 51. for water and fittings; and £72 64. 61. for a new room.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE DEPARTMENT.

This department has cost the town £696 7s. 73, con- sisting of the salary of the inspector £lO4 343. 21., ditto for Mr. William 'Wilber £92, ditto for Mr. J. H. Scarisbrick £4B 153., ditto ex-inspector Riley £52 10s. The maintenance of children at Industrial Schools has cost £294 12s. 81. and there is a further donation of £3O t 3 the training ship " CHO." BOROUGH ANALYST AND CONTAGIOUS DISEASES' DEPARTMENTS.

These two departmpet.. have vecc ived from the County Council a total of £36 53. 7d., and the salaries, &3. . ere 282 19i. 83. RENTS TAXES, &C. DEPARTMENT.

This Department has realised £126 19. 7d. from rents of public buildings, and the expenses in repairs, &e., have been £B5 2J.

VARIOUS DEPARTMENTS.

Towards the sinking fund for the debt upon the Town Hall and five acres of iani, and the Baths, the sum of £968 19. id. has been p .id for interest and rena.yment of the principal, £B3 163. 21. has been required for Parliamentary expenses, and £99 83. 41 for rent, &c., on open spaces.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
SALARIES DEPARTMENT.

For this department £1,060 h,is been transferred from the immovement.sate, and £350 from the water works revenue account, making a total of £1,410. The Town Clerk's department requires the Burn of £703 104. 101. ; the Borough Surveyor's department, £712 16. 81 ; and the Borough Treasurer's and rate collecting department, £1,041 19s. 81., making a total of £2.458 74. 2d.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPENSES OF MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

The municipal election in November cost the town £13943. 101., and the proportion of expenses incurred in carrying out the prAisions of the Registration of Voters' Act, 1890. for the years 1894 and 1895 amounted to the sum of £265'125. 10d.

31 tSCELLANEOUS DEPARTMENT.

This department has realised £2 for registering trans- fers of annuities and £2 175. on dividend on consols. In the expenditure we notice that the gold key presented to Mr. F. Monks on the occasion of opening the park gates cost £l2; £4O was paid to the Duchv of Lancister as a proportion of the pur,hage of foreshore, and the survey of the river cost £278 13s. 101, pi.ofessional as- sistance swallowing up £l9B 174., and photos of the canal £l2 2s. One of the largt-st items in this account is thlt of expenses of deputations which cost £l5B 14s. Id.

VIE IMPRriVE7IENT RATE FUND ACCOUNT. The rer,piot4 of this fund for the year. in- eludine: £21,596 93. 7d. from rates,l were £38,586 103. 63. There was a balance °wine' to the bAnk at the commencement of the you. of £1477 154. 7.1.

MARKETS AND WEIGHTS AND MEASURES DEPARTMENTS

The market is a profitable source of income as will be seen from the fact that the receipts reached the high total £4346 144. Si.. whilst the expenses only amounted to £1734 64 4d. The fair and market tolls realised £3039 04. 3J, and th, weighim: machine rF.ceipts at Bridge Foe.; were £79 14s. 10 I. The expenditure in- cludes £324 Is. for wages, and £2OO paid to the scaveng- -44,7 departmeat for scavenging the market during the year. Toe weights and meaures department has also come out om the right side with income £255 124 41, atid expenditure £144 174. 31: For stampina and a dj,14,- inc.!, weights and measures there was received £233 21., and the wages paid for the same were £l4O 24.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
HOSPITAL AND HEALTH DEPARTMENT.

The hospital expenses for the ye,r amount to £2005 Os. 5d., of which wages and caries amount to £593 17,, 9 1.. and provisions £644 15 The receipts have been £179105. 4d„ of which £163 104. 10,1. was paid by the Newton Commissioners, and £l5 by the Warringt-m Rural Sanitary Authority. The only receipt in the Health Department is one of 10i 61. far smoke tine, while the expenditure has beert £846 83. 91 Wages and salaries absorbed £467 Bs.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
SCAVENGING,

Scavenging has cost the town £2 947 17s. 11d., and tha most considerable item of this sum is that of £1,607 13g. 101 for wages. The only item of receipt is that of £240 from the Markets' Committee.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LONGFORD INTERCEPTIN'Ci DEPOTS AND NIGIITSOIL.

The Lemgford manurn works have r”ceived £2.983 153. 41 for ,olcentrced nca.nure ; £62 183. 91. for scrap iron, and £6 03. 10d. for weighi g. The expenditure was £2,865 124. 4d., of which wages to mechanics and labourers had betm £1,423 174. 21. The total cost at the intercepting depots was £706 4s, 7d. The night soil department has received receipts amounting to £427 24. 111. ; the expenditure was £4,806 53. 4d., wages and salaries being £2,354 9i. 7d.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE ENGINE DEPARTMENT.

This department has ciusel an exinnditure of £356 164. 31. The firemen's wages w 're £llO is. 61., and 2,7 G was also transferred to the fire engine' renewal fund. The:raccipts were only £6 144. 31., made up as follows : Norwich and London Accident Seciety,claim for injuries, £3 17a. 61. ; fines on firemen for neglect of duty, £1 63. 91.; received for damas..,o of engine, £1 icp.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS DEPARTMENT.

This department, has received £7,296 23. 8.1. which has been paid chiefly by the County Council for the repair of main and secondary roads,and from the various Cor- poration departments. Wages have required the sum of £3.387 4s. 91.. contrac...ors for sewerage work £929 15s. 4d., setts £1.573 23. id, concrete fligs £645 5,7 d., wood blocks £445 133. 4d., cartage £720 103. 31., and-a host of other items bring the total expenditure to £12,001 193. lid.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTING AN H STREET IMPROVEMENT.

A year's lighting of the streets has cost £2,778 4s. 101—and with other minor items the lighting depart- ment has re9nired £2,847 18s. 1,1. Street improvements have cost £l6O 17:a. 51., and in this drpartrrient £24 has been received for the sale of strips of land at Winwick- road and Heath Side.

MAINTENANCE OF BUILDINGS. Rents etc. of municip Al property hive realised £1,617 19s. ed.. and the expenses of the property have been £1.201 Bs. 31. There is a balance owing on this account of £350 9s. 2d.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SINKING FUND AND INTEREST DEPARTMENT.

_ For payment of intrest and principal On the sinking fund, £755 18s. Si. have been paid on the Longford depot and nart cost of an infectious diseases hospital : £l2O 4s 6.1. on the completlon of an infectious diseases ho.nital ; £863 163. 3. for extensions at Longford ; £791 94. 9d. on the widening of Bridge-st. ; £5lO 153. 9i. for further extensions at Longford ; £l6O 163. ld. for street paving works ;.total £3,003 03. 10d.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL SEWERS ACCOUNT.

The receipts on this account have been £2,153 18s. 7d., including a balance in hand of £353 11a. The mainten- ance of sewers cc st £2OO.

MUSEUM AND LIBRARY.

The income of Th-e-s—e-i;.stit.u—tions ig £1,313 6s. sd. in- cluding proceeds from a Ll. rate ; £75 14-i. from the tecl,nical instruction account, and the fines amounted to £3B 10 91. After meeting all expenses there was a balnce in hand of £l2 us. 10d. The salaries and wages paid were £522 us. 21.

Following the above mentioned accounts, there comes a number of statements with reference to the fire-engine renewal fund, Latchford and Wilderspool Causeways, Longford Depot extension, picture purchase, police sup- erannuation fund, private improvement expenses, sewers construction, street improvement loan, suspense, and Walker's gift account. In regard to the last-named account it may be stated that the gift was £l,OOO and the interest on the same has been £273 23. 51. This account has now been almost exhausted, the balance in hand being only £27 Oi. 5.1. The money was chiefly spent in altering and improving the Town Hall and extending the Museum. Following this account partic- ulars are given of various sinking and redemption fund accounts.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION

The Committee of this departm(trit cnmmeneeci with a. balance in hand of .-c379 12q. 1., aFtd finished with £33 is. lid. to their credit at the bankers. The total

IDAINSTABING PRINTERS are now-a-days 1 sought for by business men who study teal econr,my in Announcements which they wish the public to notice; as well as by Friendly Societies, Tr4de Unions. Trading Asso- ciations, and Companies in the careful production of Re, orts, Ba;ance Sheets &c.; and by Musical Unions, Pas! ors and Choir Conductors for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOK OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS

PLACARDS, &c.

JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY-STRBRT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNTS.

GAS WORKS.

The gas works show a profit on the year of £10,420 193. 2i1., and the income includes £39,020 6g. 6d. for gag, £B6B 4s. 81. fnr meter twits, £1.462 2. 3(1. for fittineg, £2.839 83. 1111. for coke, £449 63. 41. for tar. £1,276 41. 61 sulphate of ammonia, tar products £2,119 2. 71.. and these with other items make a total of £56,629 134 311. The wages for the manufacture of gas were £3,849 93. 91, and the salaries £l,lOl 18s. The largest item of expenditure is that for coal and cannel amounting to £11,105 3g. sd.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER WO allS.

The water works also show a -Profit on the year of £10,6E5 12s. the income from the water rate being £14.186 53. ed. which with other items makes a total of £14.601. 11s. 14. Silaries amount to £6BB, and the cost of the Winwick pumping station has been £752 16s. 31. The year's interest annuities, and half-year's Instalment of prineinal amounted to £10,206 193. 81. New mains cost £485 101, 6j,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RATES.

Following these statements comes a summary of the various accounts put in a concise form, and then a statement of the bond debt account, and a hat of bonds and annuities. There is also a return showing the assess. able value of rates levied for each year since 1857. The average for the first twenty years from that date was 53. 101. in the 2, for the next ten, ss. 811., and for the last ten years ss. 93. The lowest rate was in 1878 when it was 4s. 81 in the. 2 and the highest in 1862 when it was 63. 10d.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON GRAAIMkR SCHOOL.

At the end of the book there is a statement of the affairs of the Warrington Grammar School. The endow- ments amounted to £922 193. 11d, and the fees from the punils realised £867, which bgether with a balance of £144 84. 31. at the commencement of the account makes the total rereiptq £1.934 84. 2d. The total expenditure of the year was £l,BBB 33. 11d., including head master's salary and share of capitation fees, £523. The balance in hand at the close of the acc-uint was £46 4s. 3d.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILD NEGLECT BY A FATHER.

DRINK AT THE BOTTOM OF IT.

On Thursday morning, before Mr. S. Chandley (chair- man) and Alderman Sutton, at the Warrington Borough Police Court, William O'Connof, 16. Cockhedge-lane.was charged with neglecting his four children on the 23rd May and during the last six months, in a manner likely to cause them suffering. Inspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C.,said the defendant was a cabinet maker, and the father of six.children ranging in age from 18 to one year and nine months. The four children he was charged with neglecting were Mary age 9, Nora 7, John 4, and Eveline one year and nine months. On the 23rd of last month in consequence of a complaint he went in company with P.C. Wood to defendant's house, and found both doors open and no one there. The place was almost destitute. They could not find the children, but from further information they went to St. Mary's school and found them there. They examined them and found them in a filthy and deplor- able condition, insufficiently clothed, and dirty. De- fendant's wife was employed at the "Old Crow," and he would prove to them that defendant was a lazy, drunken man, and one who for the last six months had never allowed a penny to support his wife or the chil- dren. Defendant was seldom sober. On a certain night he went to the "Old Crow" and tried to get from his wife the money she had earned, but failed. He beat her and knocked one of her teeth out. It was 18 months since he (the Inspector) first visited the defendant, and the condition of his children had since gone worse. They were systematically neglected. Defendant: Have you ever seen -ne drunk. The Inspector: I have seen you drunk many times and no later than last Saturday night. P.C. Wood supp,,rtcd the Inspector's statement about examining the children on the 23rd May. They were filthy and had vermin on their heads and had hardly any boots on.

- Detective Meacnck said be heard a row at midnight on the 30th May in James-st., and going there found de- fendant drunk and standing at his house door with his wife and ens child in the street. He refused to admit them and was using_ threats.

Mrs. O'Connor said she had been employed at th "Old Crow" six months. During that time defendan had only given her 63., and that was since the Insp,ctor called. About two mouths ago a lady gave her some dress material for her children, and when defendaht Came home he pawned it and drank the mom.y. The neighbours had sometims to give the children food. Defendant was a drunken man. It was true that he broke one of her teeth when she refused him money. Mrs. Cranshaw, landlady of the" Old Crow," corro- borated as to the latter incident. She had herself given the children food. Defeniant said he had not the slightest hesitation in saying that there had been neglect, and he had been the cause of it,but not wilfully. He had never attempted to neglect his family. He was a well inclined man and honest, and was not either a blackguard or a lazy man.

The Chief Constable : He has been up 16 times for various offences and had a month's imprisonment for wife assault.

The magistrates sent dafenctint to gaol for three try.ntlis hard labour and the Chairman advised him to turn over a new leaf.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEA.LTEI OF WAARINGTON.

During last week, which was the 26th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :

Births. Deaths Warrington 37 13 Latchford 3 0

Total 45

The excess of births over deaths was 27. The death rate from all causes was equal to 11.6 per I,ooo,agaiqst 14 9 the average of the previous four weeks, and againg.- 11 8 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to Nil. per :,000, against 1.4 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against Nil the corresponding week of 1895. The ages of mortality were- 0— 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 4—11• 5 2 13

The deaths included-2 from phthisis, 2 from old age, 3 from lung disease. 4 from brain disease, 1 from heart disease. 1 from debility. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Erysipelas, 2 cases, Scarlet fever 1 owe.

8. Total number of patients in hospital on June 27th,

METNOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 59 Fah. and therefore si degrees colder than the prPceding week. The maximum temperature 70F., was recorded on the 28th inst., and the minimum temperature 45F., on the 22nd inst.

The Rainfall measured .67 inch. The general direction was N.W. the reading of the Anemometer denoting 1035 miles. •

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
I EA_RLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

DRUNKENNESS.

At the Town Hall, Newton, on Monday morning, before Colonel Wood, Thomas Dean was charged with being drunk on Saturday night,and was lined 2s. 6d. and costs.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL CLASSES.

The results of the examination in practical,plane, and solid geometry, held in connection with the above classes are as follows :—J. M. Davies, John Evans, Alex. Hill, H. Starkie ,(E. pass). A. Hunt, and W. D. Johnson (E. fair.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
EBENEZER LODGE OF GOOD TEMPLARS.

On Saturday the members of this lodge had their annual picnic to Frodsham. The party numbering 28 left Earlestown in a waggonette at 1.30, but be- fore leaving Newton the conveyance broke down, which caused considerable delay,and it was 5 o'clock before they reached Frodsham. On arrival the mem- bers dispersed and rambled about the hills,enjoying the limited time at their disposal. Messrs. Taylor and Morris carried out the arrangements.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
INCORPORATED SOCIETY OP-ACCOUNTANTS.

Mr. George F. Clarke, 59, Cross-lane, Earlestown, has passed the final examination, held Bth. 9th, and 10th June,of the Incorporated Society of Accoun- tants in advanced book-keeping, auditing, general commercial knowladge, partnership and executor- ship accounts, partnership and executorship law, law of arbitrations and awards, mercantile law, rights and duties of liquidators, trustees and re- ceivers, joint stock company and bankruptcy law.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN PICNIC.

On Saturday the committee of the bazaar re- cently held in connection with the Earlestown Wesleyan Church treated the children and others who had worked during the days of the bazaar to an outing to Frodstiam. About 60 children and adults left Earlestown on Saturday at 11.30, reach- ing Frodsham shortly before one o'clock. They at once proceeded to Mersey View,where refreshments were partaken of. Afterwards the children dispersed, and rambling over the hills became the order until tea time, when all assembled at Mersey View and enjoyed a substantial tea. A :4-art for home was made about eight o'clock,Earlestown being reached about 9.3o,after a very pleasant time. The arrange- ments were in the hands of a committee, with Mr. J. R. Barr as secretary.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
VULCAN SOCIAL PICNIC.

The above annual pi-Ciii-C;::;o1i-iia-C.E; on Saturday. The party numbering 27 left the Vulcan Inn, in a saloon bus drawn.by four horses supplied by Mr. Connor,of Warrington. Leaving at 7 o'clock, they drove to Chester, arriving there about 12 o'clock. The places of interest in the ancient city were visited, after which an excellent dinner was partaken of at the Red Lion Hotel. In the afternoon a number set out in conveyances for a drive to Eaton Hall, proceed- ing by the main avenue, and returning by Eaton- road. They reassembled at the Red Lion for tea and afterwards set out on the homeward journey, arriving at the Vulcan at 10.30. The day being fine the out was much enjoyed, the arrangements for the comfort of the members being carried out by the officers, Messrs: E. L. Bent, G. Littler (secretary), J. Saxon, W Crawshaw, C. Lythe and E. Holt. EARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL. The balance sheet in connection with this festival held in May last, has just been issued. The receipts from all sources, including a balance brought for- ward of £46 74. 51d., are £146 13s. 11fd., and the expenditure £99 2s. 6d., leaving a total balance of £47 lie. 5f 1, or a balance of 19s. 10fd. on this year's festival. The small profit is accounted for by the decreased payments at the gates for admission to the coronation ceremony, which was something like £9 less than last year, the sale of tickets and pro- grammes to the public prior to the festival shows a decrease of nearly £4. The expenditure on the whole was less than last year, although the Com- mittee had provided extra attractions, with the hire of an extra band. GOOD TEMPLARS.

The weekly. ses-slo-n-ofthe Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. G. Clarke,C.T., presided, and there was a good attendance. Three candidates were proposed for membership. Ar- rangements were made to visit the Ashton lodge on Thursday. An invitation to join the Good Tem- pters in. the Rose Queen procession at Sutton in celebration of the Rechabite festival, was accepted. An open meeting was held, Bro. W. Wilson being responsible, when the following programme was .4ubmitted :—Ode, "Labour on;" short address, Bro. G. Uarke ; piano solo, Bro. A. Howarth ; recitation, Bro. J. Warburton; song, Bro. J. Taylor; reading, Bro. G. Clarke; recitation, Bro. S. Parker; song, Bro. W. H. Crowther. A vote of thanks to Bro. Wilson terminated the meeting.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

The Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge held its weekly session in the 00-operative Hall, Earle-street, on Tuesday evening. Bro. T. Dean, C.T., presided. The secretary read a communication from Leigh Alpha Loire announcing their intention to pay a visit on the 14th inst., and Bro. Morris read a letter from Prescot Lodge, St. Helens, inviting the mem- bers to take part in a demonstration at Sutton on Saturday. The programme of the evening—" A musical evening '—was then given, Bro. Kenyon was responsible and he opened with a selection on the American organ. The following items were also givHri "The Gipsy's Warning," by Mabel Green and Lily Singleton : solo, "The Pilot," Lizzie Jones ; duet, " I'll take thee home again Kathleen," Mabel Green and Lily Singleton ; se:ec- tion on organ, Bro. Kenyon; trio," The old folks at home," Mabel Green, Lily Singleton, and LiZZie Jones solo, " Little Maidens," Bro. Kenyon; selec- tion on organ, Bro, Kenyon. SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

On Wednesday the usual fortnightly meeting of the Samuel Morley Cadet of Temperance was held in the Co-operative Hall. Sister Edith Judson pre- sided. After the opening it was resolved that the thanks of the Section be presented to Messrs. Raw- lins for their kindness for the use of the school and field for the annual treat on June 20th at Mickle- head Green, also Bro. Th. Molyneux for gifts of nuts and oranges for the cadets. The election of officers was as follows :—W.A.,Edith Judson ; V.A., Amy Groom; G., Charles Littler ; W., Nellia Rush- ton ; Sec, Emily Hughes; P.W.A., Herbert Evans. The adult division met at 8 o'clock in the same room, Bro. 11:. Yorke in the chair. After opening, the installation of the officers was proceeded with by Bro. W. Wheatley, G.W.P. The question of an open air meeting was discussed and decided noon. A matter irt relation to the cadet work was dis- cussed and referred to a special committee meeting to meet and report other matters relating to sus- pension of members who have not complied with rules were discussed and left to the Financial Scribe to arrange. Tne meeting closed in due form at 955.

ACQUISITIVE FARNI LABOURERS AT EARLESTOWN. Ar, Hie Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, Thomas Newton was brought up on remand from Earlestown, charged with stealing from a farm building in Newton, between the 28th and 29t ti inst., a pair of lace-up boots value 58., the property of Bernard Kennedy.. lie pleaded not guilt y.—Bernard Kennedy, working for Mr. Pen- nington, Farm-lane, Newton, said that on Sunday when he went to bed he left his boots on the weigh- ing machine. He got up about 8 o'clock and missed them. A pair of clogs was left in their place. He had seen defendant about on Thursday night, but did not suspect him then. On Monday he was in the Earlestown Arms and there found defendant wearing his boots. He took him to the Police Station and gave him in charge.—P.C. Turner said be charged the defendant who said "all right."—be was sent to gaol for a month's bard labour.—Patrick Moore, an Vish labourer, was charged with stealing a pair ot lace-up boots, the property of Thomas Kaye, trom Highfield Farm, Middleton, on the 29th June.—::e admitted the offence.—Thomas Kaye, labourer at Highfield Farm, said that he missed the boots on Monday at 6 o'clock. Prisoner worked at the same farm and when witness went out in the morning he left prisoner in the stable. When he mis.el the boots witness informed the police.— Joseph Ashton, assistant at Morton's pawnshop, Winwick-street, Warrington, said the prisoner offered the boots in pawn on the 29th, saying they were his own.—Prisoner was 'committed for a month.

WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB. On Saturday last about 30 members of the above club had a most enjoyable run to Winnington Sports. The return journey was made via Knuts- ford after a pleasant afternoon's sport. On Tuesday the club run was to Knutsford, but owing to the unsettled state of the weather, only a moderate number turned out. This week-end several tours will be in progress. One section travels to the Lake District, another through North Wales, while a third parry contemplates touring through the Nor- folk Br oads.Given fine weather some very enjoyable times may be expected.

On Tuesday afternoon Mr. S. Brighouse (county coroner), conducted an enquiry at the Police Court Irlam -street, Warrington, relative to the thath of James Harran, age 9. son of Jam's Barran, Newton-le-Wil- lows, who was supposed to have died from the effects of swallowing a pin in some bread. Mr. H. J. Longton, solicitor, was present representing Mr. MAyneux, who supplied the lad's father with bread, and Dr. Lingdale, of the Warrington Infirmary, also attended to relate the result of a post-mortem examination he had made upon the deceased.

• James Herren, senr., said he was a ticket collector,at Newton-le-Willows, in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Company, and lived at 102, Mersey-at., Newton-le-Willows. The deceased was bis son, and was nine years of age. Witness stated that he left for work about twenty-five minutes to seven on the 19th June, and he had to be at the station at a quarter to seven to meet the trains arriving at that time. The deceased was in bed at the time he left the house Shortly afterwards, when he came home, he was informed that his son had swallowed a pin. It seemed his son came to his breakfast, and began to eat some bread and bacon. When he had been eating tile bread some time, de?eased shouted to his sister Elizabeth, who was near by, that be had swallowed a pin. He was laid down on the rug close to the table' alid witness's daughter. Elizabeth, tapped him on the back, trying to fore it out. The daughter shouted to the mother, who immediately came downstairs, and shortly 'afterwateis the deceased was taken to Dr. Harold Watkins, Newton-le-Willows. Wit- ness explained to Dr. Watkins what had occurred, and also told him that he supposed his son had swallowed a a pin. The boy said at the time that it was a pin he had swallowed. The doctor tried to get the obstruction out of the throat, and, in fact, found nothing except a scratch on the inside of the neck. The doctor. supplied medicine, and attended the child till Friaay, when he got a little worse, and on the Saturday he was informed again . that deceased was going to choke and that something must be done. On the Saturday they treated him for abscess, pout- tieing him with linseed,and something which the doctor had given had to be put on the abscess. On the Sunday morning, witness said to his wife "The child is going to be choked." No milk could he got doa n deceased's throat. Witness went across to Dr. Watkins and told him he must come then. The doctor happened to be out when he called, and he left word with the servant that he must come to witness's residence at once. Later on, witness ascertained that Dr. Harold Watkins had been in Newton attending a case and witness went and told Dr. Watkins that his child was choking and he wanted some thing to make him better. He also told Dr. Watkins that he must do something. On the Sunday witness went to church, and Dr. Watkins had called and bad seen the boy and had then stated that he must be taken to Warrington some way or other, and if they could not take him by traim they must take him by cab. He again called at Dr. Watkins', when he was told that he was not in, and that he was attending a confinement case which was of a serious nature. Dr. Watkins told Witness that Ihe wanted to see him, and witness waited in the street lat Newton, opposite Dr. Watkins' house, from eleven till two o'cicck. His son was almost choking about that time. He was expecting Dr. Harold Watkins would come out and tell witness what to do. In fact, be was almost frantic.

The Coroner: How did you. eveatually bring the boy here ?—Witness: I brought him in a cib. Continuing, witness said Dr. Harold Watkins came and saw the child, and informed witness that be must take it to War- rington in a cab. Witness ran to Mr. Hewitt's and ordered a cab at about a varter-past two. Witness came with boy and was pre.ent with him when he died. When the cab arrived in Winwick-street, the deceased got up on his side and said "I am dying, I am choked." He got to the Infirmary about half-past three on the 28th inst.

The Coroner : When did he begin to take any pills ? —Witness: He did not take any pills till about a week after.

_ Coroner: Can you tell us about the time? I have a reason for asking, because we believe there were three pills in the larynx P—Witness : Oa the 27th June. Dr. Henry Langdale, senior housa surgeon at the War- rington Infirmary,stated that the deceased was admitted to the Warrington Infirmary on Sunday last, and was then in a dying condition, and died shortly after admis- sion. By the coroner's order he had made an examina- tion of the body, and found nothing noteworthy exter- nally, except the operation mark which witness had made. At the back of the throat there was an abscess, which contained several ounces of matter. In the abscess cavity there was a small piece of wire and three pills had got in the throat. One 01 these pills had got embedded in the larynx. The piece of wire was at the back of the abscess.

The Coroner : What I what to get at is this. Suppose the pills were taken, we have no evhlence of the exact time the swallowing of the wire took place. If it was done on Saturday last and the pills were taken on the 27th inst., would there be anything to guide you as to What his condition would bp on the previous clay? Mr. Langdale: The change in the child's condition may have been much more rapid that I could say. A Juryman From what has been said 1 do not know how the doctor could give a child pills with a throat like that. • The Coroner: That is what I want to ascertain-- whether the child was in such a condition as to take the Dr. Langdale : I gathered from the history of the case that Dr. Watkins had examined the throat as well as possible, and came to the conclusion that his treatment was desirable. The abscess in the child's throat was not of long standing ; the pin might have been long embed- ded.

Tile Coroner : A medical man knowing before that the throat was in such a condition, the swallowing of pills would be dangerous. Dr. Langdale: The examination of a child's throt is always a difficult one. The Coroner: Would yod give pills ? Dr. Langdale : Looking at it after, I don't think I should, but before I dovet know. A Juryman expre:.sA a desire " to get to the bottom of the the thing." There were sufficient sorts of medicine to give children without giving pills. Mr. Longton : Of course you don't know how that piece of wire got into the child's throat, whether it was by means of the bread or otherwise? Dr. Langdale: No. The Coroner What is the opinion of the jury ? What do you say, Mr. Foreman? The Foreman : I think it is unanimous that Dr. Wat- kins should be here, The Coroner : It is against all our ideas of fairness to make allegations against a doctor when he is not here.

The inquiry was then adjourned to the 17th July.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE DEATH OF A BOY AT

NEWTON,

===== 0002601_18960704_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
INQUEST AT WARRINGTON. SINGULAR EVIDENCE.

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL 'CORRESPONDENT.

The District Council have at last seen their way to run dry the pond at the top of Market-st., and thus rem ova all source of danger to daring young- sters, and set at rest the minds of anxious parents. I am sure the residents in the neighbourhood of the pit will be as eager to thank the Council as they were to petition them for the removal of the nui- sance. There are other ponds in the district equally as useless and quite as dangerous as the one in ques- tion. If they will turn their attention to Wargrave- road they will find two or three which could very well be spared. In two of them children have been drowned, and only last week a young lady risked her life to rescue a child which had fallen into the water. I would recommend the Council to consider the desirability of having these emptied also.

The meeting held last week in connection with the proposed Gilchrist lectures was only very poorly attended. No doubt, as the Chairman said, the balmy weather had something to do with that, because workingmen as a rule do not care after a day's hard work to he cooped up in a room to listen to dry speeches. This, however, was a very inter- esting meeting, and being upon a very important subject concerning working men, I think a better attendance should have been assured. Still the object for which it was called, was attained, although seeing that the lectures are specially designed for the working classes, I think a greater effort might have been made to have the committee which was appointed, more largely composed of the working classes, pure and simple. Perhaps. how- ever, as the proviso "with power to add to their number" was inserted, those elected may see their way to invite several working men to join them.

--- The May Queen Festival Committee have been a little smarter this year in issuing a statement of their finances. Last, year several months elapsed before a balance sheet was issued, but the grumbl- ing which was then occasioned has evidently been beneficial. I notice the balance on this year's. festival comes a few coppers short of a sovereign Many people may wonder why the profit is so small but a comparison between this and last year's state- ments will show them that the takings at the gates were something like £9 less than last year. More expense was also incurred in the engagement of an extra band, and upon attractions at the coronation ground. On the whole, I think the Committee have done remarkably well, and I hope on another occa- ion they may fu rthei improve their position.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
Send Photo of yourself or friend, toe P.O. for 6/- and you will receive (cart' paid) one of our popular enlarger artistically finished in monochr and mounted on granul; and Plate Sunk Me measuring 15 by 121 n.

infargfl,nereues e Corn' totl v satr.3"„sie irk over 11b, refund Monill th , seti t° Co.,

THINK! JUST e. THINK A Urn!:

WHY SHOULD YOU FAY 12/s FOR WHAII, CAN GET WITHOUT ANY TROURLE FOR This is no trade catch but an lioo',;j. endeavour to semi= your trade 01, giving you tbre best sterling valuecor ever had. Write at once for Patte and Self-Measurement Forms- . Suits to Measure 22/6

Trousers 6/9 •re You will never leave us once y 0,111,0 us a trial. There is no risk. SO' bla 7,ost card, patterns free, not returaa Carriage Paid on ail parcels. PATSTON BROS., , ATLAS CLOTHING W0RV.L.,,,,,0311 •J ACP:RON STREET, 'lease mention this Paper.

MARKETS.. WARRING-TON MARKET.-WEDNFSDAY J ti1y,1,?"4 FRUIT VEQETABLI4 POULTRY. BIT re ERS o' FISH ItiONGEt TABLE. s. d. s. d. s. 0 -- Beef .Eng , 4 ito sto 0 9 Melons each 0 o_, 0 , Lamb per lb 0 8- 0 11 Oranges, each 0 0 Mutton,. Ns 6 - 0 10 Celery e stick 0 0- 0 Veal „ „ 0 6-0 10 Pears 0 Pork „ 0 5- 0 8 A ricots each 0 0 Pork sides ... 0 41. - 0 5 Carrots per lb 0 0- 0 ~ cured... 0 4- 0 5 Caulitl .'rs each 0 0- 0 Whole pige,sc. 7 0 - 7 3 Cucumbers Geese lb 0 0 - 0 10 Cabbages 0 Fowlarcouple 4 0 - 0 0 Tomato s,us. 0- 0 Chickens 4 6 - 5 6 Filberts lb ... 0 8-'0 Ducklings - 0 0 ShaniAh Oni'ne 0 0-0 Rabbits - 3 0 Tarot a 0 1 Hares each... 0 0- 0 0 Asparagus 100 3-0 Pigeons , 1 0- 0 0 Pota,oes • loa I 6 0 Bet'dge bece 3 0- 0 0 Newoot4toes 0 0- I Grouse „ 0 0- 0 0 Mushrooms o'n, 0 0 Pheasants ... 0 0 - 0 0 Green Peas Pk 0 01 0 Turkey lb 0 0- 0 1 Green Speuts ‘' 3 Butter.fr'sh tk 1 0 -0 10 Ban k',in'yslb 0 0- 0 Hen eggs 12... 1 0 - 0 0 Pomcgranat, g. 0 1-- 0 Duck,, 12 1 0 - 0 0 Walnuts lb 0 Apples lb ... 0 0 - 0 3 Lerno,s each 00- 0 Onions „ 01- 0 2 Cheese -53 Grapes ... 00- 2 0 ar.t New._ 48 005 PineApae each 2 6- 3 0 Good 42 0'- -5 Greengages ell 0 0 - 0 Ordinary 0-3 30 0 Cherries lb 0 4- 0 8' Lobster 0 0- 1 St'wb'eies „ 0 4- 0 6 Turbot „ Damsons ~g 00- 0 0 Salmon "00- 0 Plums ~ 0 0 0 0 Whitings "0 0 - G'sebVies „ 0 0- 0 1 Flukes 0 0 - Wept) rles ,' 00- U 6 Reis Black Cur'nts 0 0- 0 4 s lea qf I - lied Cur'ants 0 0 - 0 8 Siiarllngs 0 . Marrows each 0 0 - 0 6 cod 6 h ,' 0 4 'o's Beakale tfr ta 8 0 - 0 o mackerel each 0 ' Rhubarb bch 0 0 - 0 1 Herring per doz.l,

FOR, FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. Appointments unnecessary, but arranged.

TEETII.

TEETH. ,I`lo TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the work rtquired TEETH. Gold and other fillings at model's° charges.

All consultations free.

TEETH. TEETH.

An M.D., also Lady Attendant/I' et Painless Eat -action as hitherto by°. of Nitrous Oxide.

TEETS.

Maker to Dentists of 10..00

Exors. of the late

J. H. PARK,,,soN.

(DENTIST BY EXIM.)

MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREO'r

(NAT. TEL. NO. 1660),

LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCII-STRESI'

ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TL ESDAYS, at Mrs. I WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SAl4l°

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Biunno-sl:',. NORTHWICH,on FRIDAYS, 18, APpLitictit°

..nulatledhr')lne 0;6". id .ount, `CCII not be N‘O reasonabl: we will do the NVOI FREE of CHARGE, or fun.. Address Order and Rona ' ttl PHOTO ENLARGEMENT strL rts' Studios, Wood Green, London. N. r IK cit' 'KINK OULD YOU F' T WITHOUT is no tra, 4 your to youth e had. W Self-Me SllitS n trl Ist Cr arii AT, P.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18960704_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18960704_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
___

---- 0- - wALlA„,ffieltio Warrington.—Printed and Published y I JOTIN ase.T r 2/ ' j3e- ir ' The Examiner General Printing Worlis• vietoce.byo and Published also at Thc I_,lraminer Offi_ce - WIDNES ; High-street. u:cconN ; 32, iteo•r,e,li., 1-lELExs ; and 33,Marliet-st.rea..aaar.E.,Ttivili• 1896.

===== 0002601_18960704_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18960704_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
961E1 ANN IV ERSARY OF BRUNSWICK , ESLRYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. atti.Y 5,13, 1896 TWO SERMONS Preached in St. Paul's Chwel, Runcorn by the Rev. H. H. MAY. of Handsworth College. kor„ morning Service 10.30. Evening at 6. LIHT,JuIv 6th, Nov. 11. H. MAY will preach Itorees.Z4°leCt lied, White, Bay, ()Heed and Black • °`-"a'." Hymns and Pieces will be sung by Choir and • Collections will be made at the closa of each sMaid of the School. T, ANN'S PARISH CHURCH, WARRINGTON. Lard'T Setvi(*e of Public Institut:oft by the Right Reverend bio, 41511 UP OF LIVERPOOL, of the Rev. JAMES vras As the Vicar of the Parish, wil (E) V ) be held on TINSOEIS EVENING-, JULY 7m. 1896. Service will corn tient,: at 7.33 p.m. and The Lord Bishop will Preach the Sermon. kear, Offertory for Church Expenses. "Y ated.cordial Invitatioa is extended To All to attend. IsT CHAPEL, LA.TCHFORD.—The 'mutual SERMONS will be preached on SUNDAY, -1'4119 189 E, by the Rev. S. R. ALDRIDGE, 8.A., *, Of Southport. SetVicts la —Afternoon, 2-3; Evening, 6-30. thib,the Morning at 10-45 a SPECIAL SERVICE for conducted by the Pastor, Rev. C. ANDREW. ..7"etians at each ssrvice in ail of the Chapel Funds.

Ofatilt p.oilres. t UNION BANK OF MANCHESTER, Is H RRBBY GIMITtBhDtt. a DIVID RIM at the Littii;,?LitVßll Sill i.LINGi PER SHARK' for the half- the 31,12 June 1895 tree of income tax has been th—e'lollh d will payable to ' to the Shareholders on and J 0115,, 1896. A. J. FLETCHER, lit , 1895 General Manager. lit %Y. Transfer Books are closed till after the 10th t,

,111 IRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS. PLICATIONS are invited for the third set of th.Datßy SCHOLARSHIPS, tenable for Ten weeks qui b•ticy Institute, Worleston, commencing Juri c 41534. , Ab„cit.i dates nrist not be less than sixteen years of age. *II. 'tions to be sent to the undersigned before July klittForms of application for the Evening Scho!ar- bthS Special Day Scholarships, the Art Scholarships, -•0 fituiic Scholarships are new ready. RD. P. WARD. ek-"Pe. Organizing Secretary.

gotireo. LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, CALLING AT GREENOCK. Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Warrington, Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampt-m. and all parts of Staffordshire. Weath3r and circumstances permitting, Or oth OWL AND BRAR., .earners are intended to Sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). Pko„ JULY. Amm LIV 6 8.,P 0 OL. FROM GLASGOW. 7:.llliNg DOCK, And by train from Glasgow to gs...Y4oUth-west side). Greenock at 5.58 p.m. 44174aL 7, Bpm Thursday 9, 3pm 1,047. ...... 11. 10 pm Wednesday ...... ...15, 3Pm P . ;es. . —Cab n (including steward's fee), We;, ("yallable for two months), 15, ; available for ten days ‘lfft„_taiterage, ss; Return (available for ten days). 73 6d. Tot giZ tickets are available by Messrs. Langlands' Liver- and ale') by their Manchester steamers on pay- 417,4kq's • atOw Bruce Murray and Co.. 24, George-square, d• and J. Denholrn, Greenock. C. MACIVAR and CO. 9, Alliert-square Manchester. and 65, Tower Buildings, Watar-street, Liverpool.

1,, ' WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL v;,s) MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cott° LINIo Wed. July 8. I *ADRILTIC Wed.. July 15. not carrzed on eassenuer ~,Teanzer.r. et N Z.'ild Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marKed tints*, —:l'ag,e passage at low rates, including Outfit free of AD,,o New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. 10,430;it0 Ismer, IMRLE, and Co., 34 Leadenhall street, . H.C.. bud 10. Water-street, Liverpool. ISO part of the world, inviting s.ttiers, offers brighter pros- pects to he Agriculturist than ONTARIO. tiawrrintive Parnohlet with Maps, sent free on applica- -40 the 0:•,TALIO Government Agency, 7, Jantes-sreet, X-PIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., .01 ...k "EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- .A. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. ESDI NG Rk —"GRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- km. PHILA.DELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPA.N, A.UbTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, aLluld take tickets at the LO WEST RATES at THE EXAMINER" OFFICE,

JAMES HORTON, • SANKEY-STREET, WARRING/TON. PARK MACHINE BAKERY, • BAKERY is fitted up on the most improved 117gie ie Principles in Ov ns and Machinery with a Isv to the cleanliness of the goods produced and the ealth and comfort of the workmen.

PIANOS FOR HIRE, I. Per month. Tunings Free NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED INS MONTHS. THE EEST AND CETEAPE,,T HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 in 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS.-10s. pr month on Crane and Sons' easv n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that oqers such realty F.,•oori pi .no on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, El 7 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned firm V-Yr hire.--Par suprrior to badly-cnnstructed, low- nrica new ones. Great sale Grand. and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. send for descriptive catalogues. All pianc3 packed free and sent to any part.—CRANB and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

_ Dunn ASERS who can pay cash will find that Mae 'cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Gmnd and Cottage Piar os by Broadwood, C Erard, SteinwAy, Bcchstein, and other makers of repute is Cr tne and Sons, 21'7 to 225. Scotland-road. Liver .031, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by si ie. All Pianos packed free and forw tried anywhere.—CßANE mud SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

MUSIC.-0 I'o 000 eoPIES AT id. E CH. Lits post free, from .CRANE and SONS. Great Music Warehouse, • cotlauct-road. Liverpool.

R U P T UR E S . - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGING TON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rurture ; registered ; consalting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 8;"9 , Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester. PERSONAL A PPEA RANCK.-HOW TO IMPROVE.—TLILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. Gd. HAIR COMBINGS 1. pk-r oz. I IMMOVABLE k from MADE UP, j 2s. ISC ALPETTES, j 21s. BELLES BROWN, 3, LEECH-ST/if:HT, (too of Bold-street). LIVERPOOL.

COINS. AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD. SILVER. and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORIC k L MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. B:.c. Highes price giveu for Cons, Medals, China. Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewelery and Old Gold. V. S. PENN INGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, RENS STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

QUHIERW ATER ANL) LLOYD LY SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED RETAIL AGENTS 70 'I RE WALTHAM WA CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BEST TiMEKEEPE RS I N THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by Imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

Obipptng alas. SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. The splendid Saloon Steamer sNOW DO NI will Sail EVERY SATURDAY at 2 p.m for LLANO I ONO, arriving back about 8-30 pm. Return Fares for Half-day Exeurs:ou : 35. 6d. First Class; 2s. 6d. Ser•ond Class. Ala, KvEnv SUNDAY at 10-45 a-m.. for LLA.NDUDNO BEXUNIARIS, awl MENIA.- BRIDGE, arriving back at 7-30 p.m. For further particulars ap. 1 to W. f. DODD, 31, Tower buildings, Liverpool. Telephone 1585

LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR. AND MENAI BRIDGE. DAILY SAILINGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sunday's excepted aud circumstances permitting). OT. TUDNO ". Leaves Liverpool 10 45 a.m., arrives back 7-30 p.m. POPULAR AFTERNOON EXCURSIONS TO AND FROM LLANDUDNO. Passengers by the " St. Elvies." leaving Liverpool on Mondays, Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, at 2-15 pro.. can connect with the " St. Tudan leavin;.); Llandudno at 545 p.m., and arrive back in Liverpool at 7-3 p.m. SPECIAL ErnuCED FAT:II:S FOR PARTIES. For Feres and further particulars apply to LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STRAMSH iP CO., LTD., T G. BIV,W, Secretary. 20, LIVRRPOOL. Tel. 6366-' or to PEERS BILIMELOW, Horse and Jockey, War- rington.

DAILY SAILINGS. Two HOURS. I CHANNEL CRUISES. FARES: 6n. CHILDREN 3n. 6n. CHILDREN 3n. THE I,`,OTOURITE SALOON S FEAMalid. AUSTRALIA AND AM EInCA (or other Steamer) wi 1 leive the Princ,-'s Landing-stage. Liverpool (weathar and other circu,nst.inces permitting) at 3.15, 4.15, 6.15, and 7.0 p.m. bunthys at 11 a.m. 315. 4.15, 6.15, and 7 p.m. Music. Light Refreshments on board. Special terms to Clubs, Schools, Tea Parties, Ac. SEA TRIPS. SEA TRIPS. THE FAST PADDLE SAI OON STEAMER, FLYING FALCON Will Sail (circumstances permittin.o. from the PRINCE'S LANDING STAGE. LIVERPOOL, for SOUTHPORT AND BACK EVERY SUNDAY DURING TFIISI SRASON, At THREE p.m., calling at ew Brighton 15 minutes later. Returning from South ort Pier at six p m., arriving back about Eight p.m. RETURN FARE is. 6d. Refreshments oa board at mod -ra, e cha ges Office, 27, Water-street, Liverpoil. Telephone 2334. DAILy QAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. The Cheapest and Least Tedious Sea Trips out of Li verp 'oh Best and Quiekest Route to HOLIWELL, ST. WINE rItI DE'S • WELL, PANTASAPH, AND RHYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALC-ON, Will sail horn the Prince's Landing Stage and Mestyn (weather and other circumstances permitti g), as under LIVERPOOL TO MO-AYN AND B t.CK TIE SAME DAY. Average passage, 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving pa<sengers about three hours ashore in one of the pre best spots in North Wales. Long day trips about 10 hours ashore. SAI LI N GS. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM MOSTYN. Monday 6th Ju1y...3 30 p.m. I Monday 6th July 830 p.m. Tuesday 7th July 745 a.m. I Tuesday 7th July 80 p.m. Wednesday Bth July 8 0 a m. I Wedned'y Bth Ju y 100 a.m. Wednesday Bth July 530 p.m. I Wednesday Bth Jitly 80 p m. Thursday 9th 0 a.m. I Thursday 9 h July 80 pm. Friday 10th July 93a m. Friday 10th July ...8 30 p.m. Saturday 11th July ...9 Oa m. I Saturd y 11th Ju1y...9 0 p.m. Single Fare, Is. 6d. ; Return Fare 2s. ; Bridge Extra. Tickets net transferable, sad available tor day of issue only. SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY at 3 p m. Return fare 18.6 d. , Office, 27 Water-street, Liverp.iol. Telephone 2,334.

ISLE OF MAN. EXPRBSS MA:L STEAMBICS.—(Sundays exc.pted.) From LIVERPOOL. F um DOUGLAS. DOUBLS DAILY SBRVICH.— Daily 10-30 am and 2 pin Daily 9am and 4 pm Saturdays, extra spm I Mondays, extra l2-30 am DAY EXC CRS I OM.— DallY From Liverpool 10-30 am I From Douglns 4 pm Arrive Douglas atout 2-15 pm I Arrive Livertaabout 7-45 pm FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. Do GLAS TO ILEETWPOD. Daily at 2-15 pm I ~t B3O pm Douglas due 5-30 pm I Fleetwood due 11-30 am LIVERPOOL TO ILAMSEY.—Da ly from Ist July ; Saturdays and Mondays, direct, 12-30 noon ; via uouAlas other week- days 2 pm. FLEETWOOD TO RAMSEY, via Douglas.---From Ist July, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays at same time as Fleetwood to Douglas. The most enjsoable route to Glasgow, Dublin, and Belfast is via Douglas. Cheap excutsions and short sea passages. Guide and sallings forwar 'ad ny ISLE OF, MIN STEAM PACKET DO., LTD, DOUGLAS.

ESTABLISHED 1828. 3,1 & G-. H. DREAPER 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, HIGH-CLASS PIANOS ERARD BY STEINWEG COLLARD & COLLARD, BEINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, .b ORD, Alm ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE STSTBM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL 114bIES OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 7s. PER MONILH. CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS- ' 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. , Telephone 6457. Telegrams "Apollo."

LADIES' DRESS BASKETS. GOOD MAKE from 203. LADIES' VISITING POKT viANTEAUS, BONNET CASES, GLADSTONE BAGS. kc., At NORMAN'S Think Manufactory, ROSCOE ARCADE. top of BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

I MMEDIATH CASH on Furniture and all kinds of articles either for tale or store.ge, Lai long or short periods or purchased outright or instantly.—George TURNER AND Bows, Auctioneers, -Lc,. 44, Church-street, Liverpool. Telephone 189-7.

VIOLINS. BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. OTIN BYRO , PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ch mot). Strings, Bows, Cases, &a., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSH STRE HT, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED FURS, FURS. 1882. SEALSKIN JACKETS RE-DYED 68. 6d., best workman- ship gtaranteed. Also all kinds of Furs altered to the present fashion; Sealskin Jackets re-modelled for £2 25., including high sleeves, sterol collar, &e. Furs cleaned and skins dressed at half the price charged elsewhere. Skins mounted into Rugs. Country orders punctually' atte,ded to. Call or write to A. BERKWITH, PRACTICAL FURRIER, 45, GREAT GEORGE-S MEET (near top of BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL, and 5. ST. JAM ttS' PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Work done for the trade at spe3ial prices.

HENRY WHITTY, 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. LAWN TENNIS, CRICKET, GOLF, BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY. LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG. 58. 6n. Agent for T. H. As res' High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In gn at variety: SPECIAL GRAND SHOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWINCi- DAYS HARMAN DREW'S, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

CYCLISTS' FIELD GLASS, 30S. IN LIGHT ALUMtNIUM, 425. INDISPENPABLE FOR TOURING. CHADBORN & SON, OPTICIANS. 17, JAME-3-SCRI-,ET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. ATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 391 AND 415 DALE STREET, 12, LORD STREET, AND 85 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

T HE FAMOUS NINE OILS di4coyerecl by the Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, 131/UISES. LUMBA.GO, SCIATICA; NEURALGIA, and STIFFNBS i of MUSCLES. It is ma:ical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr R 'Beau STovrELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh —Please servi two b .ttles of NINE OILS immediately, it is a wonderful rerridy.—lflvery Royalist, Footbsller, A thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by J. WOJIEND,Ckemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles la 1d and 2s 9d. free by post Is 4.1 and Zs, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. YOUNG, Chemist, Warrington.

(1 k)IG ARS. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to deal direct with MANUFACTURERS and to call upon or write to WILSON HIGGIN AND COMPANY, CIGAR MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS, 38, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telegrams :—" Senoritas," Liverpool. Branch Office, 84. PORTLAND-ST., MANCHESTER.

FOR LADIES' REAL TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS GO TO C. JACKSON HOLMES, MERCHANT TAILOR. MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Agent for be Castle Rubber Co., Ltd. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY-MADE OR MADE TO ORDER, IN THE LATEST STYLE. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS TO SELECT FROM. WATERPROOF GOODS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

G. AND J. PERCIVAL, PARK SIDE DAIRY, GREENUAY-ROAD AND 7, LOWLANDS-ROAD, RUNCORN. ALL KINDS OF VEGETABLES FRESH FROM FAILM DAILY. NOTED FOR FINEST FRESH EGGS AND BUTTER DIRECT FROM FARM. All Orders Promptly Attended to.

3Llottls, fvbrofS, Zoarbing 05tab. CIASS'S CRAB AND LOBSTER HOTEL, VENTNOR.— NJ Unsurpassed centre for excursions ; nice gardens ; terms moderate.

1-) AMSEY. I3LE OF MAN, Mona Ville. first-class Boarding ft/ Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts, golf. &c. Table d' Hote 7 Tariff.

B 0 WNESS, Vb IN DERNIERR, Albert Rotel. Parties catered for. Moderate charges. Tariff on application. Near the lake. —R. DARWICK. Proprietor. CI V. LEONARD'S-ON-SEA.—Thoroughly good 130LRDING 10 ESTABLISHMENT; near sea; highly recommended; tennis.—MlSS BUCKOLL, 8, Warrior la .rdens.

ORTH WALlK—Board RESIMINC 4 in a beautifully IA situated detached house; large garden, tennis ; brae- tug air.—Mrs. WlLLums, Bryurhedyn, Conway.

CIROMER.—" The Sandringham." Boarders from 255.; Spacious dining rooms ; minute from sea ; private apart- ments ; dinners, &c.. served in restaurant adjoining. x -- IMMEDIATE Disposal, consequence of ill-health, old and well-established BOARDING-HOUSE ; rent low; inves- tigation courted.—Apply Mr. J. NEALE BAKER, Estate Agent, Hereford.

rjrUOZ, Upper Engadine, Switzerland.—HOTEL CON- CORDIA. very comfortable house; board with room 6/ to 8/ francs, all included; situated in the most healthy part of the Engadine baths and douches. DUXTON.-GROVE HOTEL. close to Railway Stations, Baths, and Gardens. Finest Wines, Spirits. Ales, ac. Billiards ; Accommodation for Parties. Terms ; Moderate.— E. CLIYTON. National Telephone No. 7.

ALHAM (Bell Busk) Temperance Hotel.—Cyclists, IVI Tourists. Picnic Parties, &e., will find this Hotel home from home. Reasonable terms ; good beds ; dining-room for 50. Parties met with conveyances, by arrangement. Pro- -. WM. CLAIM.

161OLKESTONH.—Skelmersdale House. The Lees. First- -1: class Pension ad Private HOTEL. Absolutely facing the sea; perfbct sanitary arrangements; telephone; tennis lawn; high-claza cuisine; smoking-mom facing the sea. Alight at Lentral Station.

11)0ARD and RESIDENCS (Superior), in Lady's well appointed House. Bath hot and cold. Late dinner, excellent cuisine, private sitting-room. Every comfort. Terms mod irate.-- Miss GAUD,N. 49, B urlington-r oad, Bayswater, London, W. BLACKPOOL, ATKINSON, 16, Springfield-rod, North Shore. Home from home; minute from sea, station, church, pier; bedroom and use front sitting room,l4s. weekly; no extra charge for two persons; moderate terms for private sitting rooms. Stamp reply.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

OUTHPORT.—SUNNYSI UK HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR- NARDO, Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trains, a id golf links Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism Summer Terms from Is. per day.---J. BIOCOCK, Proprietors BEARS' PAW & RAILWAY HOTEL,FRODSHAM. ESTABLISHED 1632. WILLIAM YOUD, PROPRIETOR. GOOD ACCOMMODATION for Travellers, Cyclists, Picnic and Wedding parties. Excellent Bowling Green and Stabling. TtAS and RefreDhments of every description. Best quality of wine and spirits kept in the hotel.

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINE IN SOUTHPORT A.T HAY ES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANC9.SHIRE AND YORKSHIRE RAILW tY CO.'s STATION. 38, CHAPEL - STREET, SOUTHPORT. ESTABLISHED 1869.

PAPER HANGINGS. Established 1875. Telephone 6625 300,000 PIECE of PAPER HANGINGS, to be CLEARED OUT below Makers' Prices suitable for all ,lasses of Property,' From Mansion ,to 'ottage. BORDERS Half Price. R. HOPE, 142 Axn 144, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. (Opppsite OWEN OWEN'S). Business Hours, 7,30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturdays. 7.30 am. to 2 p.m. Patterns sent on application.

BRUCE & STILL, LTD., 75, NORFOLK- STR E ET, LIVERPOOL, Manufacturers of STEEL & IRON ROOFS, Contractors for HAY SHEDS, DUTCH BARNS, HOSPITALS, SCHOOLS, MISSION ROOMS, &C. ESTIMATES FREE. Write for New illustrat,d Catalogue of Poultry Houses, Dog Kennels, and a;.pdances, postage free. BRUCE & SiILL, LTD., 75, NORFOLK-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED_ NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., is. 21, is. 41, Is: 6d.,:15. Bd., AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1879. 1 CHARLEi kjOTTON, SCOTLAND-ROAD (MorrßAm's YARD), WARRING TON. TURNING, FITTING-, SORRWOUT eING, PUNCHING, DRILLING, GENERAL SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Ferriage), Re. HORSES CAREFULLY SHOD. Estimates Supplied Free.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 26, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Spacial Arrangements, etc., for the Collection of WIIOLBSALR ACCOUNTS.

EZ AR D, BUILEINR AND CONTRACTOR. FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every deception (Town and Country). Houses punt to tenAnts' own plans. Jobbigg pu .otuilly attended to. Rent an Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

COLWYN and NORTH WALES COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to F. DEW. Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

ORECAMBE.—APARTMENTS,PubIie or Private. terms LVI reasonable.—Mrs. NEWTON, 37, Alexandra-road, West End.

SOUTHPORT.—Mns. DEEMING. 52, Tulketh-st.; every home comfort; close to station and pier; terms moderate. frOMFORTABLH APARTMENTS; terms moderate, near station.—L. DAWES, Holly House, Norwood-street, Scarborough.

I HYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to sea and A la prnmeuale. Terms moderate.— GILBERT, 3, Aquarium- street, Rhyl. DLACKPOOL—Mrs.TABRum and Miss AnnaoN,l7 Clifton- st., North Shore.—Public and Private APARTMENTS ; sea view ; piano. LACKPr OL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS at Mrs. STANDRING'S Marton Cliff, 40, Great Marton-road (now re-named Central Drive.')

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable Apartments, one minute from stat.on.—Mns. HACK Er. 137, Talbot-road, corner Cook- son-street (late Charles-street). PIM, ISLE OF MAN.—Comrortable APARTMENTS overlooking bay and castle, close to beacn.—Mrs . QUAYLE, 5, Peyeril Terrace.

RHYL.—Superior AkARTMENTS, near sea and station; good cooaing ; hom.3 comtorts. Terms moderate.- Mrs. FIRKIN 47, ISlwy-street.

RHYL.—S iperior APARTMENTS, near sea and station; good cooking ; hoine comforts ; terms mode:ate.—Mrs. PIBsIL No. 7. tilwy-street.

GGOOD APARTMENTS or LODGINGS, with or without board; suit strp assistants and others.—Mrs. NOBLET 15, Friar's Gate, Warrington.

MIILACKPOOL (HOLLYIZURST, 21, Shaw-road. South Shore.)—APARTdENTS ; five minutes from South Shore Statie and Victoria Pier.

fIOUNTRY LODGINGS, quarter of a mile from Glenma ye Waterfall.—Address EDWARD BAILEY, Gordon House, Peel, Isle of an. 'lerms moderate.

CARTMBL.— To Let, FURNISHED, two Sitting-, three or four Bedrooms, if r. quired. Mrs. BOWNESS, Park View, C.rtmel, near Grange-over-Sands.

QUPERIOR homely APARTMENTS goad cooking; highly i•J recommended ; terms moderate.—Mrs. BARROW, Stone Grove, Lloyd-street, Llandudno. - ----- -DLACKPOOL, North Shore.—Comfortable APARTMENTS public and private ; terms reasonable ; sea view,—Miss GIRBLISS, Brincliffe House, Egerton-road. ---- D AMSEY, I.O.M.—Toxteth House, central position on Ili new promenade, facing the sea; APARTMENTS with or without t oard. ¶1 erms on application.

QOUTH SHORE, BLA.CIi E'OOL.— Mrs. RAWLING, 63, Wittinell-road. Late of Warrington. Comfortable APARTMENTS. near Victoria Pier and Station. DLACKPOOL.—MISSES MYERSCOUGH, 61, Bank- st. 1.1 Every accommodation for visitors. Piano. Sea View. Near Talbot Read Station. Terms moderate.

DOUG f.A.S.—Mrs. ROUGH, Delamere House, 1, Empress Drive, Crescent. Promenade; trams pass from beat ; full board from ss. per day; private sitting-room.

fIOU GLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Good, comfortable LODGINGS at 4, GROSVENOR-ROAD ; reasonable terms; take cab (half will be paid), drive to abov9, address.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS.—Mrs. sox's, Portfield, 19 Waterloo-avenue, South Shore. Board if required ; one minute walk from the sea. BOURNEMOUTIL—Superior Comfortable APARTM—BNTS near Gard,-ns, Sea, Arcad-i ; good cooking ; attendance, excellent referencas.--Mrs PASSANT, Milton Hengist-road.

TSLE OF MAN. APARTMENTS pleasantly situated terms moderate; with or without board.—Ms. G. S, ALLEN, 9, Kensington-road, Douglas (late of 62, Parker-st.. Warrington). COLWYN—BAY. Furnished APARTMENTS to Let near the sea; every convenience for visitors ; good cooking aanddraetstsenLdyNinDenusT, e. ETerifih Terms Avenue.lOs.per week. For particulars d - - - - --- SOUTH‘3ORT—Charmingly sluated high class private avart- ments and boarding. Close to Promenade, overlooking orth Lake and Pier, for terms, apply Miss GIDLEY, Hollinhurst, Lathom-road. -

V-VISITORS or Commercials to Liverpool will find com- fortable homely APA.RTMENTS, single, double • bedied rooms, bach, piano; penny 'bus from Pier Head passes.— 91, BERKLEY-.,T., Princes' Park, Liverpool. BLACKPOOL—Visitors will find comfortahle APART- IsIEN-fa, wit.. or without bond at Mrs. T. COWEN'S, 14, Cryst-il-road. South Shore, Public and private apart- ments. Close to sea. Piano. (Near South Ebore Railway Station.) P HY L, Prestatvn, Colwyn Bay and North Wales.—Messrs. THOMAs EVANS and CO., Station Chambers, Ithyl, (local agents for the Was rington " Examiner ") are prepared on receipt of stamped directed envelope to assist intending visitors to Noith Wales in securing furnished and unfur- niihed houses, ap ntments. &c., at seaside reso!ts, farm- houses, from the lists they always have in their poss- ession.

SOARB Oft 0 UrGH. —VA LLB Y BRIlidE—H-517513, South Cliff. —H IG El-CLASS i!CHOOL for GIRLS. Thorough Modern Education. Home eire. English and Foreign Cer- tificated I &tellers. Principals. M.E.s. and Miss WISTBR. Next Term September 21st. f'IARLISLE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—Hetclmaster, F. J. R. HEyrDy. M.A., late of rettes College. Edinburgh. I oarders received in Headmaster's house Entrance scholar- ships annually in July; buildiug new and wel equipped, with southern aspect, gymnasium, cricket field, labor,ttory, fives courts, &c. Boys prepared for all the usual examina- ons.

UNSWTORTII'S LEADING LINES. THE LIXUM, 2s. GA). In Half-a-Dozen Stylish Shapes. A Thorough Good, Reliable Hat. THE LIMN, 2s. 9D. Best Satin Lined, The Smartest Hat in the Trade. Half-Dozen Stylish Shapes. THE ELECTRIC, 3s. 9D. All Pure Fur, Very Light and Flexible, Best Satin Lined, All the Latest Styles. Thfl ZEPLIYR, ss. A Perfect Treat. The Newest Shapes, Serviceable Shades, Perfect Ventilation, UNSWORTH BROS., "THE HATTERS." 75 LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE WARRINGTON.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHIiNTS, COAL. CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO.. LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, Heir. OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warringto* J Warrington.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. JOHN yATES, • TAILOR AND CLOTHIER, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED to 35, CHURC.7 STREET, RUNCORN, Where the BUSINEG:i will be carriel on as usual. A CHOICE SELIICTION OF SEASONABLE NOVELTIES ALWAYS ON HAND.

'S DANDELION COFFEE GEDDES _ The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Drugeists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WAIIRINGT ON

FOR FIRST-CLASS IPRIV:ATX DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrangeTEETH All consultations free, TEETH. Each) patient fionformor:dreqbutershand the cost TEETH. Gold and other 'fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as e s hitherto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 111.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of th late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIBGB-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

W. HODGKINSON'S SUMMER SALE COMMENCES WEDNESDAY, JULY BTH. UPWARDS OF £71500 WORTH OP STOCK, CONSISTINGt OF SILKS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, DRESS FABRICS, MANTLES, CAPES, JACKETS, COSTUMES, MILLINERY, LADIES' OUTFITTING, FANCY DRAPERY, HOSIERY, GLOVES, HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY, &c., &c., WILL BE OFFERED FOR SALE. The WHOLE STOCK is perfectly FRESH, and nearly all this seabon's purchase. 461 AND 481 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

UNDER THE CL.01,11. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

MAWSON &FCO. STANDARD TAILORS. NEW WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SPECIALITIES from the Leading Inch Manufacturers. PRICES MODERATE. NO READY MADES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES TO ORDER. UMBRELLAS, AC. 36, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. MOURNING ORDERS EXECUTED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

J. Moss, FAMILY BUTCHER, ,59, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEF, AUTTON, VEAL.AN PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All orders promptly attended to and delivered when required

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN • STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 41.LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM.* WIN WICK ROAD, WARRING-TON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAV MAN AM ',ER ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEHR

ONLY THE BEST CUTTERS AND WOW EMPLOYE D. THE CORDIALLY INVITE AN ni-SPECTIO:I OF ALL TH EIR DEPARTM ENV' & 10, ITTORSE MARK E.IT SrOf' WARRINGTON.

ALL MEN ARE LIARS. O Rot bad S 3 writes a Pope lar Author. e,keetir _are wieka._s(athat I hope, although I must admit some liars ; in fact, it's only by accident they tair:Peak the truth. It is not a lie when Gershon, the 19:8M Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street ; Nye,. ked 21, Hiltou-street. Man-bester, states that he tacie attempts to put before the public common new London IscoluiTibbi h. more like orange boxes, for high-class ter r e_nd ;it is not a lie when Gershon states that he hy Pt s• to trespass upon his neighbour's business. tioth,"Zue,d e? It only causes a bad feeling. Gershon's ttelers'ts,lvie and let live. He sticks to the one thing he I roan t , namely, furniehing. If you can't furnish with shat hat ill the ut,idersfands his business, yow cannot do so withi don t. Gershon has for years cautioned the public_ hum B' buying common new London furniture for second he still does so. However distasteful it may beta cii4, Gershon still takes his stand upon the rock of Lis tiiillstY and Justi.ce " which are ;he guiding principles of abas "!'nesa, and lromhich precepts time nor tide will e eh:a to recede MIMS OF BUSINE•36. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY OUST' •MBRS. GOOD: STORED FRKE TILL REQUIRED. RE:ARMEE/a." I,llite" kit vivertised may be had on the deferred payment Gtil withosit any extra charge. Durccl;l',ls exchanged if nut satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will tiou aor take in exchange a single article or complete 'ea of furniture. COMPARE PRICES. REVOLUTION IN THIII FURNISHING TRADE. tioo, bt. GERSHON is a great admirer of keen cornpeti- met t 1 "he strongly objects to others copying his advertise- "fl; and to those that have not the brain e' to write their own, Mr. Gershon will do so for them. REVOLUTION IN THIS FURNI6IIING TRADE. tron,i,ltco 'extra charge for credit, and 5 per cent. allowed for w litleru cash. Mr. Gershon is anxiously waiting to see t Pelotas shopkeeper will copy this. REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. -- APRVELLOUS BARGAINS. • Wh„ GERSHON'S CAUTION. aearch of genuine second-band goods don't be de- have new common stuff, m re like orange !)oxes, e o ou. On t When I have second-hand furniture 'aorc f; baffles and addres:ses, and don't simply say I get •rlt (-;°ln this place and that place. You might as well ne.tole in a t,,uss of hay as look for the late owner. 144 „sorget what the popular author wrote, " All men are „ NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR CREDIT. r have goods CENT. ALLOWED FOR PROMPT CASH. %to the numbe of mansions, hotels, and houses I ave %hand goods from, the following may be mentioned. .LALL AND INSPEUT IHE GOODS FROM— , -I,3IESLEIGH, OLD TRAFFORD. Or WALES HOTEL, HARROGATE. DUE. ALEXANDRA PARK. fa- 'I4HAW BANK. WILMSLOW. ~,,,•••41ILTON-STRBETS MOaS SIDE. GOILOTT. WILM LOW. TH REURN, UPPER BROOK-STREET, AND OTHERS. GAINS GREAT AND NV ONDERFUL. cinP like House of Furniture, consisting of the bm'ejl:fitu°refor three rooms. -sitting-room. bedroom, full tead insVress pillows, sheets, blankets. I,4q4ses pillow slips, and kitch-n complete, all like new; JiN guineas. No extra charge on the deferred payment pr cent for prompt cash. At ine'peet them. No harm done if you don't buy. ,2141(a.tELLOUS VALUE. dining- Omst". 94:Iming House of Furniture, really like new. It ~.,;()L dining-room snit in leather, cxtending rug, fender. fire brasses, lace curtains, window ZactVel)lete. magnificent bedroom suite (not painted, solid encl ised dressing-table, large bevelled glass attached. stit`Aashstaiid, marble slab tile back, and bevelled nlirror, they form two complete chest of !drawers ; 17fitt,:e iland:ome bales and brass bedstead, :wire spring iterkTe% he.l.:l3,Aster pillows, sheets, blankets, pillow slips, eagle. dit'o for lobby and stairs. Call and 10,alctb708. toilet set, carpet counpleiefurniture for 'kitchen, bleet ta. r "lelot. Get a complete list, and you will say they mII th."'ar94l edet • 0I cheapness for 21 guineas. No extra charge —yaw. errtd i,ayment systam. Five per cent allowed for

() _Hoop's E 0 00 D'S* ROOD'S - . A 0 , _ - . It I) ..c.‘ IP ULDE ME WELL" S .';', hundreds Is the happy remark of ureds and tlon- Ki . sands cured by Hood's sarsaparilla. A When the blood is thin and depleted, 50%;.e..' p times an acid forms in it and this, accumniatkeltT la the joints, causes the pains and aches of A uu EUSIATISM. It . xt, . Porifiod Wood. with the acid nentra'izerl and _II exptiled by taking Hood's Sarsaparlll t. brings about a perfect cure. Read Mr. Gaskell's statement.: • 5 `• I had a /sae iical mac, oze chemist.and five 14 herbalist:; for- rheumatism, with wWclrl -hid ~Pit Abeen stifitring from for 12'months and none of -4- , them did me any good I could neither cat I-' nor sleeo. One day, as I was aufferi4g as ki xlstul, I happened to see a paprr advertising 0 0 A: T_TOOD'S SAIViAPARILL.A: / _.. -L--1-- I thought I Would try-a isoi.tie. Ifo Ind great relief from the first bottle. and I shall A never be w.ithAtt it. I will recornmend it 'to mvfriends as a great and beneficial medicine. R, You may use this Cestimoni,l, and I will send you my • phot9graph to go with it." HENRYI GAsitai"..t, 21, -King=down-road, Abram,. near L wip.n. • . , ' 1,[4:,... 8.. BA.G,K ii. Emir .‘ . iStiairtshaepaurßif,lloaf angoroeAt nle Pills. benefittEliehiint o:HTeves.en I:oaSclfn;;cYan, orbs Head's1 anerfandr with a, i , '3s. wolni oe is f st uh efl e rbiens4t fromj- disorde ed blood." G. ODELM, 10, Garrick - street, Gravesend, Neut. , - i I jETOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Ts sold by chemists: 2s. 9d., and 43. 6d. Sent by post on reoaipt of price in stamps o: postal order, by C. I. Hood i Co., 34, (Snow C..i11. London, ET ___. : H It r Ills It 0 E - 0 S . 1130 HOOD'S HOOD'S ROOD'S

• o,; ' W (1-'',i''''. tgl FA 4 r.A" IW '-' . a rAze 9'a g I rAI r.- 1 'AI r'A.. e Z 4 rA 0 WI rAlil MIRA 11 k i ,1 I rOjeta ,1 r+: 1 ra 644 K 4.IrAS ti gelt MI i KwA 6.'W. t a 77.41 1 i a‘T. 674 1 6Y. i I A.. 4 1174 It .7.'4 I 1:1 FA Xi • lip' V 4 :fr.llr:',. _ .7, n. „:.... otr, .4: 4 Ai- %A ' a? .1, v 117.7:A ,f-1-7-7-1, . 41. ir ';' . t k',4irs' 1113 .; ::: .'101::'•'''. ' 47,-, p, -,,,1_5, ,d- - - 4,-.-k.14.„; -- f rzo ' lz . -A,, , r • ':,' „ 1,4 ' • , -,, • 6,41- 4 4, VA CM TIL-7 FA! 114 —AND— -V 0 TEST A 1-74,,, 1".. r 4 CAN Eifia ELy FR,. E • PA. 4 LsU Nir TIIEREFORE 'WRITE TO US For Dainty Sample Tin (a Postcard will do) wl:ich %sq. be sent er ~ post free, if when 'Writing you. name Warrington lixam la . 1 Pal I K 4 Dt.'Slibbles' Vi-Coooa, in Gd. Packets, and ,ad. and is. ea. Tins. Sold by Grocers, Chemists, and Storcs. m P 44 Address: tr. TIBBLVS' VI-COM, Ltd., Sutralk MOUND, Cannon Street, London, E.C. W F4O ..A:/%7AYAIWINMPA4IIO;Mr•Meratei."."49I,I6III—`4r -"."4"—• .

• tOrtaantous. _ GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROIC.Er., . JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES, JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING: CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. wB are offering boy's snits at a great reduction, note our Payments taken. prices. Sailor suits from Is. 6d. ; 3 2 6 garments from 29. 6d. s. D. Cannot be beaten. in Warrington for value.

ASpecial bargain to those about to be married, a grand leather Payments taken. covered SOPA, well made, loose seat, in perfect condition, usually 28S. OD sold at 355., our price

QECOND-Hand Velvet Pile CAR- kJ PET, bordered, square 31 by 41 Payments taken. yards, in splendid condition, as gocd as new, cost when new 41 guineas; our price 22 19s. 6D

A Grand pair of Bedroom Dress- Payments taken. ing TABLES for sale, equal to new. Call anti see them. A 20 bargain s .

FIRST Class Wringing Weekly A MACHINE, perfectly new, Payments taken. well finished bearings, this article Is usually sold at 3t guineas; our £1 price _LOS. 6D.

BDROOM Toilet SETS in great Payments taken. variety. call awl see them. Prices ranging from 4 s. 11D.

WS most cordially • and respect- fully solicit an• inspection during the next two or three weeks. We are offering some special tines in Men's, Youth's, and Boy's new and second-hand CLOTHING, Oilcloth, Bedding, Parlour, and Kitchen Rugs, Chairs, and a large variety of Tea Services on sale. We take weekly or monthly payments on any article in the shop.

LIARDIIN NETTING.-100 square yards, 2s. 6d., carrier is. ; Cricket or Tennis net. M. 6d., carriage 2s.—E. A. NORTHEY, Auctioneer, Plymouth.

FISHMONGERS and Hawkers requiring good Fish very cheap, should write tor price list.—Joim Rontnow, jun., Wholesale Fish Merchant. Grimsby.

MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great Importance to Ladies. Stamped , address for parti- culars. Mrs. B. WiLsoN, Elder Grove. Sheffield. a

RE TW ORK Carving, Repousse. Bent-Iron. Burnt Wood, 1 Bamboo, Picture Framing. and Leather Work; catalo- gue 1,000 illustrations, free 6d.—HAGER BROS., Settle. x SERGES.-54in. Navy Blue and BlaPk Suiting Serges for Gentlemen and Boys' wear and for Ladies' Costumes. Patterns free--ALFEED MACE, Chipping Norton, Oxon. x PlLBS.—Boddy's Patent Ointment cures all outward Piles in two or three days"; post free, with testimonials is. 2d.; only one trial solicited.—W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorks

TO REALISE A PROFIT ON SMALL FARMS !—'• Bits 1 of experience," etc.; or "Practical Farming." is. 6d. each, post free.—PARBURY, Chiddingfold (Glodalming), Surrey. I

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's Patterns for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good value.—BAGUE AND Co., Limited, c 5, Byrom-st. Liverpool.

BURBBRY AND SONS, Basingstoke, are clearing last A • Season's Patterns or their hana-kn.tted shooting, fish- ing, and cycling STOCKINGS, at 3s. per pair (former price Bs. to 128.)

11ORNS Vanish like butter before the fire" after using ObBORNE'S CORE CURINE. Sent post free, with full directions, for 12 stamps.—OSBORNE, Chemist, Moss bide, Manchester.

VARTLIBNWARE and CHlNA.—Seconds, £2 crates; 1:1 hest, £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton. Staffordshire.

FOR 4 STAMPS we send one pair Folding Scissors and one Patent Penknife, both Sheffield steel guar.nteed. useful present together with Amusing Novelty Catalogue.— VARIETY Co., Dalston, London.

THIRSTY SOULS should send 7 stamps for recipes of two 1. exquisite new drinks fit for the gods ; certainly the healthiest beverage on earth; cos:s id. per quart.---Address Savile lown, Dewsbury.

ESTABLISHED 1875--Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China, 50s. and upwards. Prices on appli- cuatol.—W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st , Longton. t-taffordshire.

CALVES, CALVES. Why let them die? Teear's Black Leg Drinks are a pure preventive • Est'd. 1819. 2s. 6d per dozen, carriage paid.--F, J. i EAR, 72, Sparkeahoe Street, Leicester, testimonials on application.

AIR B tLL OONS.—Mr. T. HUMPHRIES, the well-known maker of superior Balloons (white and coloured), has a large stock ready at 37, Basinghail•st., London. Orders sent by return ; price list tree. Quote paper. - BLEND ED and PACKET TEA, diroet from seller to . buyer, at small profits for cash ; large. medium, and small traders are invit d to write to STOCK and Co., Direct Tea Importers, 171, Lam'.eth-walk, London, S.E. A. BOON TO MOTHE M.—Portable water closet seats for children (Long's Patent) suitable for use in any aa.e. ; price Is. 61. esrris4e paid.--iole maker, JOSEPH LONG, 12, Belle Vue Road, Oinderford, Gloucestershire.

fOHN LOWE. Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON U SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; luo to choose from —3B. Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester. R 111 EFI OLD LAND. Plots or Acres. Sales weekly. Leigh, • Southend, Rayleigh. Ito,hford, Herne Bay, and Med- stead.—LAND CO., 67 and 68. Cheapside, ulway3 selling gcod cheap Land ; easy terms ; deeds free ; Plans post free.

NIINT PATIcEr r.UEBER SeECIALITIHS for domestic purposes; Eng ish manufacture ; for 3s. 6d. postals will send six special samples; largely in use ; catalogue on. application. —MANCHESTER NOVELTY CO., Clayton, Man- chester.

FIRE ! FIRE ! 1 FIRE 111 Geninue SALE of extensive Stock of Pianos, Organs, Scc., previous to re-building ot premises, owing to the recent fire; easiest terms arranged to effect a cleArance.—PAY E, 103, Approach-road, Cambridge Heath. _ FPO LADIES. Female irregularities and obstructions _1 quickly and surely corrected in a tew hours by a new end simple method, which I will send free on receipt of stamped envelope.—Mr. C. S. MARTyx, 40 Bishoplate With- out. London.

SUFFN RIMS from Nervous Debility. indigestion, liver, kidney, heart or inn.; disease, should send to the Jardine Remedy Company. Leeds. Is for three or 2s. 6d. tor ten weeks' treatment of their wonderful Asiatic Specific Zepho Jena Food.

-IRON CHU t• CH to seat 20". £llO ; 3:0. £130; 500, £2OO _L Mission Hall 50 by 20, £105; isolation hospitals, ready to contain 6, 12, or 20 beds ; billiard owns, pavilions, &c Cheapest House in the trada for any description non build ing.--HAvfxis, Ashford, Midulesex.

FOR GLAZING Linen Equal to China.—A never-failing receipt, which will import a beautiful gloss to collars, cuffs, shirt-fronts, ; will be forwarded to any address on receipt of six penny stamps.—Address Millie. D. BLAINE (late of Paris), 17, hdge-lane, Liverpool. ST. GEORGE'S 3INTMENT.—A certain cure for Bad Legs ulcerous wounds oc long standing ; fish wounds, abscesses, piles, eczema, all skin diteases ; post free Is. 3d., from HAROLD AND Co., 10, Arct,way-ro,d, Highgate. London. Wholesale from BARCLAY AND CO., Limited, London. x

FREE AS TRIAL.—AII wentlemen wishing to re,eive genuine information (on no win no pay system) in Turf matters are cordially invited to send for my Trial Selection. Sent absolutely free on receipt of tamped addressed envelope.- T. P. HENRY,Cottage Grove.Surbiton.

PROTRCT YOUR GARDENS.—Oar, en netting supplied by H J Oasson, at 35 square yxr,-, „nd dressed, will not rot if left out in all weathers. Send an width ; carriage paid on all orders „ ,r,oucr netting at 60 square yards Is. ; hundreds of testimonials.— Henry J. °AWN, Fishing Fleet. Rye. z•ussex.

it MAUVE LLOUS DRESS PARCEL. Raving ITS, [JD. purchased French Manufacturer's stock of Fabric Foulis (newest dress mate id. guaranteed all woo)) at 50 per cent. under usual cost, we offer complete dress parcel at half retail price. Each parcel comvrises 6 yards double width French Fong, guaranteed all wool. in Navy, Black and Tan (suitable cycling. golf, seaside). Petunia, Biscuit. Corn- flower and every charming si-ason shade. with 4 yards sateen skirt lining to match, 2 yards fancy bodice lining, and 2 doz. buttons, complete, Is. ed. ; carriage paid Bs.—ENTERPRISE FABRIC Co., Wolverhampton. - - - - - - - - ON SALE. LARGE QUANTITIES OF SPRITTINO BOXES. Apply JOSEPH MATTHEWS, Fai4field Saw Mills, Manchester-road, Warrington.

XTEW JERSEY PHONOGRAPH RECORDS, splendid 111 value. Write for 1 st.—H. GoODALL, Pudsey, Leeds.

TOR Tender Feet, use BLINKHORN'S FOOT POWDER, 12 post free 14 stamps.—ELINICHORN, Chemist,Salisbury. x (LI OOD LODGING-HOUSA FOR SALL good reasons for. leaving.—Apply T. Pewsow, 6, Grosvenor-st., Oldham I\TOW READY.—New Work by the Vicar of Brigstock, 11 Thrapston, " HOW TO BE WELL." From the Author price is. 6d. net. ,x

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Work, and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOMING 16, Fenwiek-street, Liyerpool.

TANNED NBTTING for tennis boundaries, 53. and 83. er 200yds., best in the market.--SPASHETT Zia Co., Net Manufacturers. Lowestoft.

SERGE JACKETS, 4e. ed., Cord and Mole Trousers, 6s. 6d Printed. Mole Trousers, look like cloth, 53. 6d.-11.3auE AND Co.. Limited, 65, Bryom-st., Liverpool.

WAR MRDALS.—OId Badges, Milita7 Relics, and Prints of ev ry description, wanted; £lO and upwards given for fine specimens. Before parting with any of these obtain: an offer frod, B. NINNES, Hythe, Kent.

VOIL SALE. 21 Pairs of Mill Stones. 11-in. horizontal 1' Engine, 30 in. stroke, fly-wheel complete, nearly new, now on tound,tion. Wanted scrap iron, rails, and all kinds of metals.—Apply D. TiOULT, Worksop,

rro BE LEASED for BUILDING PURPOSES, a PLOT of LAND situated in a good p ,sition in Stockton low ground rent.—Apply J. BOSTOCK, estate agont, Bank- street, Warrington. 1 O 50 000 SgraLil ste graphic Lcsanmcaerasrs ceac.leobrraed Amateursph c"" or Professionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second-hand Cameras bought or exchanged.

rrENTS, strondhand, Government Bell TENTS, 40ft. it, cir- 1. with lines, pegs, &c., cotnplete 178. 6d. esch ; dt z •ir quantities t heaper.—Woon AND Sorts, Govern- ment contractors, Brandon-street, Walworth, London. Money returned if not approved. IV-01 'CH.—Large handsome 3 compartment Ctystal Palsce 11 shaped drawing-roim avi.lry, fitted complete with movable partitions, 3 feet long, 4 feet high, only 205., car- riage paid ; approval anywhere.—MoKElND, Cage Manufac- tatters, Castle Douglas, N.B.

LADIES seeking a REAL REMEDY for irregularities etc., should try BOYLES's TONIC MIXTU E. It is a per- fect system of genuine treatment and never fails. Bend stamped and addressed ens elope for partiCulars to G. BOYLE, 43, Brook Green, London, W. WE MEAN BUSINESS.-108. worth of Natural Plant Food sent carriap paid for 2s. 64. The finest manure in Lhe world ; best fertilizer for flowers, peas, potatoes, on ions. cabbage, turnip, top dressing, etc. Tilts offer for 30 days only.—Agent, H. W. GILLIES, Market Place, Heaham 50,000 '5'12%. _ _ linßcSheLsacweidCeUlLTAl9/IS. y , yards long, 60 inches wide. 4a. 9d ; 4 yards long, 75 inches wide, 6s. 9d. per pair ; carriage paid,; money returned If not approved ; samples tree.—W. COTTON, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

DANISH FRHCKLES.—Protect your face from great heat I/ of sun. Toe skin can be made clear of all stains and frecklf s by a very simp,e remedy ; certain cure ; thousands cured this summer.—Write at once, enclosing is. P.O. for recipe to Mr. FITZGERALD. Jessamine House, Church•row, Fulham, London.

GARDEN NETTING.—Is oiled and dressed. Protect your gardens, fruit. Ste., from the ravages of birds, 35 square yards for is..can be sent any width or length. Careage piid on orders over. 6s. As supptied to the Royal Gardens. Huadreds of te.stimonials.—HExtur ROBINSON, garden Net Works, Rye, Sex. A N Improved Wrought Iron PENCE for cottage and tar- tt property, 2s. Bd. yard, cheaper than wood. Iron hurdles, gates, window grilles, ornamental palisading„ken- nel railin ',Sec —Joßrr ELWELL, City Ironworks, Sheepcote- at.. Birmingham. Contractor to H. M. Government and the principal RailwAy Companies.

(IRINA and EARTHENWARE.—Buyers are strongly? ad- vised to send for pr.ce lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of atil thing sent as sample. Buy direct from the Pot- teries.—S.WEßß and Co.,Longton.Staffordshire Potteries. x TENTS I TENTS! !—Suitable for Gardens, Cricket. or J. Camping-out purposes. 40 feet in circumference, pegs poi, s, mails!, and lines complete (with tent bag included). These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government, and originally cost over £6 each. will send one complete for 30s. Can be sent on approval. N.B. —I have a quantity of tents from 15s to 25s each, but the tents wbich please my customers are those I send out at 30s each. Carriage paid. Price list of marquees (any size) post free.—HENRY JOHN GANNON, Government Contractor, Eye, Sussex.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. • A LADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be 11. pleased to fotward lull particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms cf Irrew darities. no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper EPIDERMICA. T 4 E SOVEREIGN REMEDY FOR ALL SKIN COMPLAINTS. And simply invaluable tor Keeping the Blood in order at all Seasons. HUNDREDS OF T.EISTIMONIALS. 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. of all Chemists, or Post Free 35. 2d. and ss. GWYNNE AND CO., 10, STATION-ROAD, BRIXTON, LONDON, S.W.

SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS! -w— ESL E Y'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore li:ves, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and tost its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for 12 stamps, from HOLDROYD'S DRUG STORES, Cleck• heaton, Yorks.

THE GREAT INDIAN 29 ok s e D. FEMALE -MEDICINE. LdS. OD. Disoove ed by a Married Lady while travelling in the Far East, Nev-r f jig to remove all irregularities and obstrue- ti )ns in two bows after all else have failed. Mrs. B— writes i—" Your Medicine acted like a charm after two doses, idthough I had tried in vain other more ex- pensive remedies for over three months " Sufferers wiii, mold much expense by sending at °ace 2s. 9d. tor a bottle of this extraordinary remedy. MliS. R. A BARRINGTON, 4, F, atherstone Buiidings, London, W.C.

E" STRAIN, DISTRESSING HEADACHES, indigestion, simulated neuralgia, and nervous depres, sion, are trequently caused by some peculiarity of the vision which can at once be overcome by the use of proper glasses —See OUR EYES ' • by JOHN BROWNING, P.R.A.S., F.R.M.S., President of " Tha British Optical Association." &c., (now in its Six, eenth Edition), price is., post free or consult free of charge.— MR. JOHN BROWNING, Ophthalmic Optician, 63, STRAND. LONDON, W.C. - - - A DESIDERATUM FOUND. The Trouble with Children's Heads, which is liable to arise even in the best regulated families is now reduced to a mini- mom, as TRUMAN'S NURSERY LOTION by one application only. effectually destroys all parasites, at the same time devitalising all nits. It it cleanly and is cer- tain, not greasy. and there is no danger of catching cold be its use. A little applied to the scalp over night, and th head b,comes perfectly tree from all parasites in the morn lug. So ver3 rarely is a second application necessary that it is no exaggeration to state that ONCE USING- IS SUFFICIENT. Sold in Bottles at 6cl and is. each, through any Chemist ; or direct by post for 9 or 15 stamps, from the Pi orietors, PAIGNIMSTRF & TRUMAN 71,• Old Kent-road, London. S.E. N.B. Insist upon having TRUMAN'S LOTION and no disappointment can occur.

•1 . T. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Post free. Telegraphic Addresses: PATERSON. Flushing; BUMPTIOUS. London.

ESTABLISHED IESB. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

,ttorito, 13u5int55t5, tit.

TOBACCONIST BUSINESS for Disposal in one of the 1 leading thoroughfares in Liverpool. Double fronted corner shop, nice house, private entrance. Rent moderate, incoming ED. including everything.—Address, 75, PRESCOT- STREET, Liverpool.

riORN FACTOR'S Business for dispoial, as going concern, comprising the entire• trade throughout, with horses. vehicles, steam power. 2 pairs of stones and all machinery for extensive trade; stock to suit purchaser; full investigation iavited.—Apply GEORGE MILLER, New Town Mills,Blliton.x BSINESS TRANSFER.—SPECIAL Attention is I drawn to this Departments as we always have a large number of people on our books, from all parts of the United Kingdom, whoare desirous of purchasing the Goodwills of Businesses. All Tradespeople are invited to apply to us at once, thus saving themselv, a time, trouble, and adeertising costs, and in many cases disposing of their business at a loss. No Charge is made for placing a business in our-hands unless a sale Is effected, and then only a small commission is charged. Our system is acknowledged by all our clients to be the cheapest, quickest, and most profitable to all concerned. Our Offices are open from 9 o'clock in the morning until 5 o'clock in the afternoon, for the use of persons wishing to sell Oleic business. Partnerships negotiate 4. Money, advanced, property bought and soId.—CoNSTA.NTINE & Co. Accountants, 71, Market-street, Manchester. IIikYNRS & Co. (Establisheu 1891), 61, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, have the following Basinesses for disposal : CYCLE FACTORY, Midlands, complete plant, &c., £1 ,COO. CONFECTIONERY, Birkenhead, taking £l6 weekly, £260. TEMPERANCE HOTEL and Dining Rooms, £25 weekly, £250. CHEMIST and DRUGGIST, improving neighbourhood, £250 FISH, GAME, &c„ Birkenhead, takirg £3O weekly, £l5O. AUCTIOgEERING and HOUSE AGENCY, Ohe:hire, £ICO. MILLINERY.,suburb, good connection trade £lOO. STEAM LAUNDRY, south end. taking £8 weekly, £9). FRIED FISH, CHIP POTATO, &c., £5 weekly profit. £75. BUTCHERING, south end, horse, trap. &c. included, £75. BUTCHERING, north end, taking £5O weekly, £6O. CHINA, GLASS, &c.. Waterloo, good living, £55. DAIRY, Anfield, £2 weekly profit. £55. TOBACCO, Darwen, '212 weekly (stock valuation), £5O. BOOT and SHOE, south end. £l2 weekly, £45. SERVANTS REGIBTRY, city, comfortable living. £45. TOBACCO &c., Birkenhead, £lB weekly (stock valuation), £4O. ,HAIRDRESSING, south end, taking £3 weekly, £35. CONFECTION ICRY. Kensington suit lady, £35. TOBACCO, Evertor], taking £6, stock valuation, £3O. FRUITERER. &c., Birkenhead. taking £lO weekly. £25. CHANDLERY*, south end, 03 weekly (stock valuation), £25. GROCERY, north end, taking £l4 weekly, £25. GREENGROCERY, warth end, taking £lO weekly, £2O. HERB PORTER, Sweets, &e., south end, rent Bs. 6d. clear, £lO. FRIED FISH aad CHIP POTATO, north end, rent 9s. 6d. clear, £lO. N B —Persons desiring to purchase or sell any genuine Business should call or write (enclosing stamp) HAYNES AND Co., 22 and 24. Venice Chambers, 61 Lord street, Liverpool. •

litacinnerp, sc., on goale. vAIRRY WHEELS: Emery Cloth; Glass Paper; Grain Emery.—Manufacturers, a. G. NAYLOR, and Co., 57. Carruthers-street. Manchester.

VOR SAL% capital eight-horse horizontal high pressure 12 Steam BNGINE (Coupe Wigan), £3O; overhead driv- ing shaft, pair spur wheels, wood and iron cogs, bearings, brasses, tw.) pulley wheels. £10; 20-in blowing; fan and bed olate, £3 ; IZ-ft. Cornish Boiler, 41t. diameter.2-tt. flue, 20-ft. steam pipe, brass steam valve. damper, &C, £25 ; 58ft. 2-in. shafting. 4 couplings. 12 pul eye, 12 in. to 20-in. bearings, brasses. £l2; 8-in, centre-drilling lathe, overhe.d motion, £5; all free on rail £7S.—LEAK, solicitor, Trow- bridge.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod L) Griereon, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue ot wheel awl pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

PATENT OFFION MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & BON have ha. 4 more than 40 years' personal experience In connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practlealknowledge of the cottort, woollen, and iron manufactures. —Self-help to the New Patent Law, price fid. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, ' BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

itiorto. MONEY lent privately by an influential Christian Gentle- man. Please note, no honest person ever refused, No loan office, stamped envelope will show.—HuLToN, 35, South John Street, Liverpool.

111 Y, AND BE CONVINCHD. Money advanced daily at JL a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest, lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly att-nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church•street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

rr H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN I. MANCHESTER. STRICTLy PRTVATE ADVANCES from £lO o £5OO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment Arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine And extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies oe gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsibl person in town or country (distance no abject) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges whatever; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gnat anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

LIMITED.—BILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIERS. LOANS ,E 3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS. and others, with or without sureties, and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on Life Assurance Policies, Beversions, Freehold end Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. „ 2/6 ~ £2) „ IC/- „ £lO 5/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7. Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

THE CREWE AND DISTRICT LOAN Co., (Est. 1689). 32, CEMETERY-EGAD, CRYWIS. ADVANCES CASH from £5 upwards on the shortest notice, in town or country, male or fern de, upon simple promissory notes. on Mortgage of Furniture, Trade and Farrr Stock, Crops. Plants. &,c. Without removal. Also on deeds revrsions, stocks, shares and merchandise of every desert!). tion, repayable by easy instalments. Distance no object Anyone requiring money will do well, before applying else. where or paying fees to Chink of this : " Surely I can dc betti,r with a firm who have been established in Cheshire many vears,and devoting themselves to this class of business, than I can with so-called private money lenders or agents with small means. Good borrowers can obtain money hers on reasonable terms and quickly. Write or call for prospectus. W. JACKSON. Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR.FJROITZTILI-OtOoDalscmonetnin Farmers.make to TAo PkrnAgNmC 1e32 and all respectable Hcneeholders, on their own security. AnNEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written preroise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Odord-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive ~srecisely the same attention. MONEY. MONEY. —MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MartaGF.n, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house) Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- eed• 8 pedal terms to Farmers. ,

earrtays, assmturs,

ARRIAGE LAMPS from 9s, 6d. per pair; re-silver plat- ing, repairs and japanning.—W. BusNiorr, 37, Dateiby- st. (top of London-road), Liverpool, Established 1869.

CARRIAGE LAMPS of every Des3ription. Repairs Silver Plating and Japanning.--EnwAnn FINNIoN, 4, Audley- st., London-road (close to Owen Owen), Liverpool. BARGAIN.—Stylish Tandem CAW, green brass fittings good station 'Bus, carry I?. iside, ?outside; Char-a-bane, carry 26; Pony Battlesden, equal new ;property of a gentle- man; no reasonable offer reiused.—lloonE. Coachbuilder, Bournemouth.

HOOPER AND SI MMON S. COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVEBPOOL High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victorias Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

"ATTENTION !" ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, bnt as you can purchase a RUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it is worth your while to ignore the many cheip and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Buy a RUDGE or WHIT- WORTH. and save the endless sums for repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bedsteai tubing always necessitates, not to mi-ntion the risk of liie and limbs attendant upon a rider of a crock. Guarantee, from many agents, and makers are Hot worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the yele Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. Thera- fore, get the GuiraNtee of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD. By Buying RUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Good Discount for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment System. RUDGE-WHIT WORTH, LIMITED (Rudge Cycle Co. Lt and Whitworth ,ycle Co., Ltd.) Works—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVERP6OL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET.

rIPRICYCLN (Hadle) cushion tyres ; suitable for lady or _L gentleman ; 6 guineas.-141. BURTON-ROA,D, Didshury, Manchester.

fIYCLES, Fittings and Sundries supplied by TURNER BROS., Byram Arcade, Hundersfield.—Write for lists, it will pay you.

OYCLES.—Ladies' and Gent's high grade Machines dircct from manufac*urers ; prompt delivery, price list free.— HOSIER and Co., Coy ntry.

DRI ACHABCE COVERS, wired ready for wheels. 12s, 6d. each ; Air tuNes 23. 6d. and 3s. 6d. each Cushion tyres 35., 43., and 53. each ; Solid Tyres 33. each ; Pedal Rub- bers. 11d. and 3d. each.—PEMBEKTON, 10, Clayton-street. Blackburn.

GREAT SACRIFICE; Lady will take 12 guineas for her 1893 high grade Pneumatic •'afety, 12 mouths' guaran- tee transferred, well worth 18 guinsas, el, gantly finished ; new three weeks ago. All 1896 improvements.—Apply 61, PEEL-ROAD, Bootie.

SUPERB Lady's CYCLE. never ridden; used to show off my cycling costumes ; Dunlop Welsh tyres ; every 1896 improvement ; well known makers ; teautoully finished ; price, including all accessories £lO 15s. ; wor.h doable.— Madam REDHOUSE, Court Dressmaker, 16 Hinde-st., Man- chester-equate, London. W.

SAFETIES ! Safeties !—lmportant to Agents. Dealers, and others. Illustrated List ot over 1,000 (One Thousand) Machines, New and Secondhand, post tree to any address. Don't pay large and f;,ricy price, for your machine. See Warrilow's prices before purchasing. Single Machines- at Wholesale Price. Ladies' Safeties a speciality. Cash only. Agents wanted. List Post Free from W. R. WA.RICZOW, Cycle Manufacturer, Reg-nt-street, Weston-super-Mare.

QUADRANT CYCLE COMPANY, LIMITBD. SEE OUR NEW PATTERNS AT PRICES TO SUIT ALL. LIST FREE. 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. AND 302, STANLEY-HOAD. BOOTLE. LADIES TAUGHT AT OUR TWO LARUE RIDING SCHOOLS.

CI kjYCLES ! CYCLES ! ! CYCLES !! ! THE CYCLE KING. J. WAD DINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Northern Road Record), 16, ST. JA MES-STRE ET, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON, ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES, REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Secoudhi nd Machines always in Stock. Three year3' Guarantee, LADIES CYCLES A SPECIALITY, To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Buy a Machine Ri4.ht Out, by paying £3 down they can have a Machine any day during 1E96. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAM ES-STRE ET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY-CHAMBERS, M ERS EY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. H. DUTTON, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. (LATE J. S. GARLAND). GENERAL FURNISHING & BUILDERS' /RONMONGEZ Sole Agent for the Celebrated RUDGE WHITWORtH, EXCELLIOR, EUREKA, AND COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. GREENS PATENT SILENS MESSOR ' LAWN MOWERS, GARDEN ROLLERS, GARDEN SEATS, RAKES, SPADES, FORKS, ETC., AT LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. GUNS AND AMMUNITION. Estimates Free.

A. CLARE, KNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING, AND ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES OF MACHINERY, St.c., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK.

PATENTEE AND MAKER OF THE " ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY FOR HOME USE. AGENT OR THE "BUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND OTHER HIGH-GRADE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER, A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOO - ROAD, WARRINGTON.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE GREAT HOUSE FURNISHERS, 115, 117, ,119, OXFORD-STREET (OPPOITE THE FOUNTAIN), ALL SAINTS, MANCHESTER,. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE NOTED CABINETMAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS AND CARPET FACT R - GOLDSTVNE AND SONS, BEDMAD AND BEDDING MANUFACTURERS - DEALERS IN SECOND-HAND- FURNITURE. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SPECIMEN"-, OF ANTIQUE CHINA., BRONZES AIM ARTICLES OF VI:RTU. • • GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 113; 117, 119, OMPORD-STREET, MAN-EMOTE FOE NEW AND SEC' ND-HAND DIMING AND DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE, BY OILLOWS, DYSON, LAMB, DOVESTONE, SNOWDON, &c., &c. AFTER CHIPPENDALE, SHEREATON, HEPPLEWHITE AND QUEEN ANN STYLES: GOLDSTONE AND SONS, DELIVER ALL GOODS FREE, OR STORE TILL REQUIRED: GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FAY cusromnißS' RAILWAY FARES— GOLDSTONE AND SONS, ALWAYS HAVE COMPLETE HOUSES OP FURNITURE. FROM £l5, TO £lOO IN STOCK. READY FOR DELIVERY. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND KITCHEN FURNITURE, BY POLLOCK,. OF BEITH BY BALFOUR, OF GLASGOW, BY NORRIS, OF BATH', BY SHOOLBILED, OF LONDON AND OTHER NOTED MAKERS. U?A :I!? :?11!!);.-441l1R.. UTRECHT: SADDLEBAGS! &c., &c.., GOLDSTONE AD SONS, 115, 117, 119 w OXFORD-STREET. Cl ' GOLDSTONE AND ONS, BE CAREFUL-YOU GET;THE RIGHT SHOP. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SPECIAL SgOW OF CHILD'S COTSP IN ALL MARES AND COLOURS. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND BEDROOM FURNITURE, IN ALL STYLES AND MAKES, BY ALL THE NOTED MAKERS. IN WALNUT, MAHOGANY, BIRCH, ASH, CHIPPENDALE MAHOGANY; &c., &cr. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTMP. GOLDSTONE AND SOTS, FOR SECOND-HAND SPECIALITIES. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SAIISFASTION GUARANTEED. • GOLDSTONB AND. SONS, FOR BRASS AND IRON BEDSTEADS. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, LARGEST SHOW IN THE CITY., NOT'TO BE SURPASSED. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR SIDEBOARDS AND CABINETS. IN ALL MAKES AND WOODS. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR OVERA.ANCLES' AND PIER-GLASSES. OCCASIONAL AND CENTRE CHAIRS. • GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR KITCHEN FURNITURE. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE} POOR MAN'S PROVIDER, GOLDSTONE AND SONS, RAILWAY FARES PAID TO CUSTOMERS. GOLDSTONE AND SONS. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREI,. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, CALL EARLY AND INSPECT. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE IMMENSE STOCK FOR:YOURSELVES GOLDSTONE AND SONS, CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS•PITTED:EBBI

47ate5 bp Mutton. : N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUNE, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, } Warrington • AUCTION ROOMS—No. 1 Bank Street et3b11.41 AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, 1710. 011 vdea, Ato Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass anteo and Employers ' Liability) Insurance As'° Established 1856. -roitea' Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited . 1864.

JONES AND ELSWORTII INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, &c., 57, WHITECHA :EL, LIVERPOOL, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for.igessig , Private Treaty, sent post fr, to any addr. ss on aPPL, Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entereu out charge unless a sale is effected. sOdI Advances made by several Buil,iing Societies {Per, on easy terms. No PREMIUM C ARGED IN CONS ECTIOf oft ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURIT/ES. Private gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telelol Telegraphic Address, Elsworth, Liverpool,' No. 2,136.

AO-0 THOMAS CO WDE LL, ESTATE - AUCTIONEER AND VALtiE;I- - AND tSCOTLAND-ROAD ChA.I:FTSATeaDP SALEROOM:— j 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRI, Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

14-IGGS FOR SITTING from best and prizs straro I'J Minorcas, Leghorns Orpingtons and Piyinoutilloi* Winners in eich p ,n. Birds caretullv selects tbrold Price 35., carri3ge paid 33. 6d. First Cross 2s. ra, replaced if returned.—U. TURNER, Black Brook-lane, hei.d. Warrington.

,r 01 VGGS FOR SITIING.—Ha 7ing re-arr.inged ray Pe:0" I, 14 put them on new grass runs, I now offer eggs.,..ft,;,/, following breeds of Pure-bred Fowls :—Back Or Brown Leghorns. White Leghorns, tfouthns, nedcArs'oo:, Andalusians. Buff Cochins. Light Brahmas, L 914 J# Orpingtons, Plymouth Rocks ; all at 3s. per sitting' 004 fine crosses for laying and table use (male bird nie_,.° first) :—White Leghorn—Light Brahma, iledesYd, Cochin, Houdau—lndian Game. Indian Garne—OrPl p, Black Minocra—Orpi of ii, all at 2s. 6d, per sitting' ber, splendid Rouen Ducks, at 4s. per sitting. Gran Mlesee at 3s. 6d. per sitting, wonderful layers. Indian rupl4, 38. All Eggs safely packed in neat box and sent to 03 of the w3rld. Note.—l will reduce all eggs 6d. Mgr to parties who come and inspect my birds and W" their eggs.—HENRY DRAPP,R, Mather-!ane, Lowtot Newton-le-Willows (five minutes' walk from LOW.'" Mary's). No business done on Sundays.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BALLYMENA. LINEN Oa DAMASK MANUFACTURERS. beg to inforni their former Rttrons and the Public genera 4 that their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUsE, 3 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Is lc,' •r OPEN with a JOMPLETE STOCK of tbfl, CELEBRATE!) HAND-WOVEN DA YI TABLECLOTHS, NA eK INS, SHEETINLISc; PILLOW LISENS. TOWELLING, CAME R,',/ POCKET-HANDKERCIIIEFS, also G MEN'S SHIRT, CO t.LARS, and CUFFS. Arlo. LADIES' anc.l CHILDREN'S UNDEitt;LOTL''' ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of whi they will SELL at Bona-tide MAN UF 'WICKES° PRILBS, All are Invited to Call and InsPeCt. No one importuued to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SON, LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS' OF BELFAST,

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For Brmous and LIVER COMPLAINTS, SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NE,:VOUS DEPaOSSION, IRRITAI3 LASSITUDE, LOSS 01, IPPETITE, DISPEPSIA. HEAR IsproESTION, LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESs. &C. As a General Fraily 4perlent Medicine, DR. scorps ARE lINIZITALLEV. Heads of households 2111,1,11 cl always have a box 10701 resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part flfg under their charge, as by paying attention to theAliPy action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels.many a seve is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone 911:001,1 to the different secretions. causing the necessary orirrAt Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus r`flit the appetite, promoting digestion and strength° whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine fr Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, Seymour London. W.

THE EXAIIINEN. SATURDAY, JULY Ist, 1396.

7HE LATEST STYLES • IN SUMMER MANTLES, CAPES, JACKETS. COSTUMES, BLOUSES AND AIACINTOS EVANS', 171 SANK gy STREET, WARRIN GTON.

LYMM. THE L. AND N.-W. RAILWAY SPORTS.—At the Sale Petty Sessions, on Monday, Mr. William George Mel- bourne, hotel keeper, of Grasgendale, near Liverpool,ap- plied for permission to sell at Mr. John Leigh's field, Lymm,from twelve to eight on the occasion of the Lon- don and North-Western Railway sports.—Mr. George Rooke, one of the mag,istratesiobserved that hardly time enough had been given for the police to make inquiries. _The application was granted, subject to no objection being raised by the police. CLASS FIRING.—A contingent of the Lymm Volunteers journeyed to the Knutsford range on Saturday, for third ciao firing, under the charge of Servant-Instructor J. Howarth. The following are some of the best sa,-,res : Private John Bell. 69 ; Sergeant Joh? Neigle, 64. ; Sf.r- geant William Kirk, 62 ; Private P.Hnit, 61 ; Private W. Clare, 58; Sergeant Hugh Kirk, 55; Privates W. B. Lawrenson, 52 ; E. Holt, 49 • F. Fairburn, 42; John Clarke, 40 ; Thomas Holt, 39 ; J. Worrall, 38 ; H. Proffitt, 37 ' • J. Ratcliffe, 35; James Owen, 34 ; and Tina Fleming, 28.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENrRATED MANURE MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., DELIVERED IN BAGS. CARRIAGE PAID. IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT £3 PER TON Sp(cial price over 100 miles. ST TPIT rctly limited. ORDERS bhould be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Oleansing Department. Town Hall, Manchester; Or te J. W. °ALLISON. Beswick. Manchester; Tirf,D ALDRED. Stamford Road. Altrincharn.

. .. Wl‘ ' . ..,• \LK M .. STOWER'S ~.„.. JICE J '___ .._ _ 4.111. . 1 , Supplied to the , .. , --- 'Rpuc.ll ilouseliold. ~,..v.i- ~ , .. /. ~,,..„,"-..,-.., . ~e. i. 4 (..., 4 'rt, ~.-t; • N --4:, 4,;;;,...V .": .'il 4041, •." 4,14 k '' •• ' • -''' ' '''' • ' ‘v •• r V....iit. , i 2, ••• lif„.; No Musty Flavour. Ask your Grocer for Free Sample.

WANTED!! A MILLION MEN TO buy the. new Needle Awl for itatelting. Gus.etting, Toe-capping Boots and sli.os. or Genoral laekstiteh . sewing. Has top and bottom thread. Sample Awl, 11. Ti I --•-; 2/3,3/3 & \.....__, 1 Lot, of money may be earned or saved. Samp!e Awl, with bobbin and shuttle, 20 or upwards according to quality.—J. C. ASH, Inventor, 117, Stoke Newington-rd.. London, N. Fuil particulars on application. Please name this paper,

Sparkhill Cycle Co. SPECIALITIES: ; '•"' '}4 cetp'q STERNGTH,LIGHTNESS,CHEAPNESI ~,,, (. -,J •o• (iT,\., 1 ,j ic.,goo.c. \ji• ..,4.-, • '' '

These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam of Copaiba, Cubebs or S TA Injections and cure in 48 hours the same • diseases without incon- • venience. 4/6 of all Cho- mists. Or post free. I D WILCOX 8, Co., 289, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W

Gas-Making - filachinez. ...-;U LL ER'S Alpha f Patent Gas-.Ma king ' Machine' for lig htit,g all ' kinds of Buildings out of -•••••• reach of Coal Gas. Wilt° for prospectus to . ' H. L. liiI;LLER, 41° -

MISON'S PATENT USED ON THE NEW ------- TOWER BRIDGE. UNWFARABLE, Mason's Patent Non-Slipping NON -SLIPPING Stirrups. STAIR TREADS. szteraaorse .i. ill tldliZartavr THE SAFETY TREAD SYNDICATE LTD., 15, BARBICAN, LONDON. E.G.

7g. 14 BEE TO MEN. When you are tired of taki, inseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cnre for lost strength, wasting weakness, &c.' from whateve cause arisiu. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope receipt of two stamps for postage A. J.Lxios. 92-93. Great Russell-stre.et, London. W.O z ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any ad4ress for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG CIMPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; 13Aaora1 ft SONE London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

WHY COMPLAIN OF YOUR FEET ? WHY SUFFER NEEDLESS PAIN? PEDESIUM PEDESIUMII PEDESIUM rrIBE latest, best and surest PREVENTIVE of CORNS. CURING SORE AND PERSPIRING FEET, Walking, standing, running, cycllag. broom e, a pleasure it being impossible for the fe at to chafe or became over heated. BEWARE OF SUBSTITUTES. Sold in Boxes, 6d., and is. (post free). Agent for Warrington : J. RYMER YOUNG, 40, Sankey-street. or send direct to A, HAMILTON, 23, Waterside, North Lincoln.

POLISHiNG-A PLEASURE I WILL NOT STEP9rNSON's FINGER MARK. 2. FURNITURE , :,•.,„ .:::.:.,.:, ~.;:.i..i.-3,(0... 1 GREAM. .•-•...:,i.../e, ...6. --...- 4,7,:.,,,,, , .:.....:...,:.:...-.. r ..,4„,A-_,...k.. ... ~t- . •:::::::.:::::::.::.,:. 45. k.- - - i..-4/,,--:':-_, i...ft.-, ~ ......„...„-._ _....,. ~.„--. ,- irtrrtr,oo hyti„,r,rirtr rt,,,r , 8 Sole Proprietors, °74 bY C hem red 1 ron ists, Gocers, w. m ongers. STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD

, & F'ENNYROYAL TOW LE pLill's 1 , STEEL , .. -- .. roR .FEIVIAI.E. , . , ••'' QUICKLY CoRRaCT ALL iBnxr.CJLARITIES, RaMOVZ ALL OBSTRUCIIONS. and relieve cite dietressing symptoms so prevalezt with the sex. Boeli, 1/1} & 2,9 (the latter contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists, or will he sent anywhere, on reeeirt of 15 or 34 stamps, by the Maker— R. T. TowLIC, Chemist, Nottingham. -Beware V Imitations, in jurious and worthless.

LADIES InISPENSABLE TO LADIES! Particularly those * who desire a quick safe and reliable remedyf or all obstructions and irregu• laritieS, a medicine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair as the most obstinate &hopeless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Ilonor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your invaluable remedy took immediate effect ; in loss than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopeless- ness." A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with all testi- mon ills and medicine. One package at 45. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit ZlOOO for every testinionial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies Which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to— MIL n 1 fl lE YE` Ft iL X . MEDICAL INSTITUTE. HACKNEY ROAD (appeals. bhoreditch Church). London. N.a,

LADIES' BEST FRIEND LADIES A/I-ADAMS DR. LILLY'S FEMALE 4s. 65. LADIES _OIL - lff eIDIOINE Yost LADLE'S Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO," 4s 65. ' • Post Free 46 LADIES RAPIDLY REMOVES OBSTRUC- LADIES TIONS, ROWEVEIt Post LADIES OBSTINATE. 'Free. LADIES 4/5 LADIES THE ONLY POSITIVE REMEDY. LADIES TO my sex who require a positive Post LADIES and never-failing re,me.ty tor Free. LADIES all ladies' requirements, speedily 4/6 LADIES removes all ohstractions I.nd irreg- LADIES ularities, especially in difficult and Yost LADLE long-standing cases; never tails to Free. LADI I, S have the desired effegt. A few doses 4/6 LADIES generally sufficient. No case LADlEScon- sidereel hopeless when you have this rost LADIES remedy. Free. LADIES " 0 RUSOSO." 4/61 LADIES Regt. Trade Mark. LADIES ~ " Orusoso" is pleasant to take Post LADIES and will not injure tls. most deli- ' Pree. LADIES cate. 45. 6d. (post.) sealed- LADIES It has proved the "Ladies' Best 4/6 LADLES Friend" in thousands of cases. Yost LADIES Delay not, but send at once. Free • Address in confidence. A. G. LILLY, 35, COLSTON-STREET, BRISTOL" - Illustrated Guide, Free 2d.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIouS PILLS. Is lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either lex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of bunlours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or biercurials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CRLEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND, CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. ltd., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known care, however bad the ase . SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZ SNOBS, ' SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors,

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LLLAAA.DDIIIEEESis 10 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LAD EE all irregularities and obstructions. a LADIES „;„"" remedy which under the most trying L'-' circumstances and in the most difficult TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CAST;3 LADIES TO NEVER LADIES ' FRAIELLSIETFO, AFFORD TO GENERALLY IN A FEW HOURS. LADIES TO No case hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES To Hill. Cambetwell, writes: LADIES "By adopting your treatment my TO anxiety and misery was over within LADIES TO twenty-four hours, although for over three LLAIDDIIEESS TO mon'hs I had been daily taking pills and LADIES To other things in vain. Half the quantity you sent proved effective, to my intense TO oy and surprise." LADIES TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES AD TO experAve, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by post, 45. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any ' case. LADIES TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LAD tES TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES TO envelope. LADIES Write privately to— TO Mrs. M. M. IL, LADIES TO 145. STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON. S.W LADIES

EADE'S, PILLS. EADB'S pus. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S piLLs. have re.sourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADB'S PILLS. been z:ece'ved from all sorts and conditions of men testifying %to EADE'S plias. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pmts. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate In their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OR GOUT, It -11CUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommend 'Mon ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,13urton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds. May 2nd, 1894. s HR U M A T I Li M "Dear Sir, —lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills.. it is six years since I first had RHB UMAT IS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. E.) H BUM AT IS M The next spring I had another at,aa, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HE bewinhgenlar hauvpe lagain.ad tie ea Ever at say GOUT pain I h4ve taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THE vl IF THEY COST ' ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHB UM ATI S M You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write R Irl BIT MA TI BM n,e (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. Ifd. and 2s. 94. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 72, QOBWELL-ROAD. E.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND RHEU- MATIC PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LAD lES --- Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obstinate or lcng-standing, and never fail to bringabout the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parellel in medical science: have saved thousand trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price Iist.—QUILIFIED CHEMIST, 201, Great Ancoats-st.. Manchester.

'ALEXANDRA' HAND SEPARATORS. Make 20 j, , - More Butter. Saves Bent oil - Labour I rad,- • Time 4'3 Carriage .4.111 Y Fuel Paid. Space .a15.1‘.010F., aud Utensils. r,?•.,427":::77".73 SIZE EASY TO WORK FOR A ie. 8. d. No. 12 Lad 16 Galls, per hr. 9 0 0 „ Ift ~ 25 ~ ~ 14 0 0 ~ 8 „ 30 „ if 1515 0

'LLISTERB',., _TO. DURSLEY, GLos.

COVERNMEt4T ARMS, ACCOUTRE- MENTS, CLOTHINC, STORES, 840. Government Clothing :—Great Coats, 7/5; Scarlet Tunics, t/El; Jackets, lir Grey Capes, qr. ; Glengarries, id.; Waterproof Hoods and Capes, sod. Police clothing :—Great Coats, 5/6 ; Trousers, x/9 ; Leggings, 2/-; Lanterns, 9d.; &c. Arms as actually used by the French during the Franco-Prussian War:—Chasse- pot hreedli-loading Rifles, 8/- each; Swords, with brass handles and steel scabbards, z/.; Lances, 4/-; Navy Boarding Pikes, 2/7 ; &c. British Government Camp Equipment: —Army bell Tents, 40-ft. in circumference, with pole, pegs, peg mallet, and x-in. lines, in bag complete, ready for use, 17/6 each; Brown Army Blankets, 7-ft. by 5-ft. 8-in., x/6; Waterproof Sheets, 3-ft. by 6 ft., x/6 ; IViess Tins, 3d.; &c. British Government Harness: Heavy Cart Harness, Li tss. 6d.; Gear Harness, Lx is.; Trooper's Riding Saddles, complete, 12/6 each; 2/3; Head Collars, x/9 ;. Leather Surcingles 1/3 ; Nose Bags, ventilated, complete with buckle and strap, 3d. ; &c. New Harness :—Full-size Gig, complete, £3 is.; Demr Hogskin, Riding Saddles, complete, Li 55.; &c. Curtains, Carpets, Bw.:—White Lace Curtains, 3.yds. long, 50-ins. wide, 2/4 per pair; Carpets, 2-yds. by 3-yds., 35. each; Rugs to match, Bd.; &c. Illustrated Price List free on atfilicatims to JARIDINE, Matt irimharrs.

aEt3TABLISHED 1851. &MEM BANS" Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane:London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per cENT on CURRENT ACC:GUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES, purchastd and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each corn plated 2. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTLE. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full prirticulars post Free. FRANCIS RANENSCROFT. Manager. WORTH A GUINEA A BGL r4l--tezFy '71.4 izr.7„ ,* _ P;LSI- - FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALt, SIX MILLION BOXES. in I3nxes, 9L, Is. fli., an 4 2s. 9.1. ei,ch. with full directions. The is. 1(1. Mx: cc_ %ails 56 Pi I . --- PREPARED ONLY BY TUE PROrRIETOIt THOMAS BEECHAM• 'St Ec.,,lens Lancashire. O BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECO NOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEBTII—PERFUMES THLI BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes,-of all DrugsOstc, or from the Proprietors. for Is., post-paid.

,v.G4O-,,.!.......„ _ ~r. -,--- ---xia% --, , 4 meril ~,__ i ‘.i ..,, tea, dri.,..., ,A,.. 4, -, - .„. r , €. A.. _ .___,' . ,:,' .': , ,)---,•›., i 'N '.4y ~,, iogA',;(' -,P, • . ~.,",)- `' i 14r--14:, , 4,,,,,,,t,.,,,.,:---..,,,,,,t,,,,, ~,,,, .0.•,0F..r,:••,),,t':;;;;.1,4 A _. ~. .' •-: .':;,:: 7,-,:vei.--, ~,,,i,',..,:e.<' 4.!r5i, it- ~p) qt., . p.,,°.%1t..,,,•.,,,.. -t-tg',,.....--, ii„ •,. , ~..,...% ' 4,#.4l—•'*- ~_.l*-.. ... ~•,1.V.,,,.. !, • t:41.'," ....i:r,,k, .•—, fi.:;.:",.';,. '.. ;,..,-- r.:Sis'4 4r,,,, d, :f4','l.-_,.0p7, .',...,.;.,„*.-ti-,14,:t, ti, 7,1". '''• -4, , 4.4".....„,' Nir r •• ' s'l.7g,. ': ,q, .44117*v.7.,' '',,, , ~,..,' ":•.w. ~,,- . •,. tp-,. ' • ' ~:; '-'::' • ' ••• • '‘, ~,i'' ~e4;C:!., •.. J .*",* ~' "Ait .', .. oreft. FIFTY remzs• • • -•.••'' ;.. 'el ‘,.... 007HiNa. `!". f'• t, .' -- , KELILVE 41L"N4 11,7 r, .A . 1 F,DIERISit HEAT. ' 4,?, c. , ra,. . Preserve ..-- -.` r a Heslthy ststeef th V Cemtit‘iiays 1,019 Cne - 7,r'°4 ..f -strigtmc Fr dilaren r..., . • . ..•. lk 4.til At,VoK_rH,Surr,,_,.7. • Please Observe the E E s, 1 N STEEDMAN , ~..._

GARLAND, IRONMONGER, . BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON; All Sizes of MOWERS as below kept in Stock. SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR CASH, REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. , - - ~. ‘,..• 4.... iii .. l "4-...-72--• - I '',4ll* ' it .- • ' ~., 17 --_-: • ~ Iv , 4,.( „ , rr ----___i_ __ - i-- --- ' --- ---' .--':.-1-----;:-.17- --- ' LAWN MOWERS 1 LAWN MOWERS! - WE ARE TIM ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Hoyt Wair,int Makers to H.M. the Queen and his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PAT..:NT " SI LENS NI ESSO a " LAWN MOWERS. WI CH IMPROVED WHEELS ANL SOLID LINK STEEL CHAINS. s NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTRRNS. , Take the lead of al • o hers, and are the , FIRST, FOREMOST, and HEST IN TH E V. ORLD. They have stood i iie test for upwards of thirty years. and have carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been givea in all cases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens and G .ilf Clubs. They will cut either short or long grass. bents, 4fre., wet or ! dry. . EVERY ONE S NT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction, Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PUhCr(A.OR. They can be had o: WI res;leetab!e Ironmongers and Seeds- men in the United Kingdom, •r from the anufacturers. TdOMAS MGRI,.NN & i-ON. LINIITKI), SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, AND SURREY WORKS, BLACKF it EAR', ROAD, LONDON, SE Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the Unit el Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free ot Application. .. BEWART; OF DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS. N.B.—Repairs promptly dun,- at both our Establishments. for the trade as well as others. .

FrUCIK 86 CO. Lori). MAldiftilOF INDIARUBBER AND PURE ASBESTOS GOODS/ LEATHER BELTING, Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES &c. GUARANTEED QUALITY. '42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL. LONDON, CARDIFF, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN. LEATHER WORKS :- LIVERPOOL.

P—EATING'S POWDER. Ilk Kilts Pleas, 13u7g. Moths. Beetle..

1j il.l(3'S ""Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. 11EAT1NG'6 POWDER. Rills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, BPetves.

0 This Powd-r so crie- 31t Ud., and IS. TINS. brated, is perfectly un- -9 0 Insects (whilst perb.ctly rivallt d in dest oying 41., W., and IS. TINS. rin harmless to all animal 0 3d., Ud., and is. _i_ INF.. Ifl„fer!' 8111,1)uliwollens and I be well sprinkled with the Pow- der before plaeing away. Sold only in tins.

PADGATE. __— ROYAL LANCASHIRE AGRICULTURAL SnCIETY.— At a well-attended meeting of the Council of the Royal Lan- cashire Agricultural Society, held on the Show ground, Southport, on Tuesday. Mr. Walter Bennett, ef Padgate, was elected one of the life members. Two gamekeepers surprised a party of poachers in Grove Park,near Warwick,early on Wednesday morning. Three of the poachers ran away,but the fourth remained and in a struggle which ensued with one of the game- keepers he was shot through the head with a revolver. An inquest was held on Wednesday, at which it was stated that the revolver accidentally went off during a tussle between the two men, anyl a verdict of " Acciden- tal death " was returned.

MINING AND FINANCIAL NEO A Neil "Rand Reefs, eveq after their quick rise, 110' re steady, even in an irreenlar market, 4nd are netfoPri ;bably on the verge of the spurt which is lopkedf,ctorf them as soon as the account is over. It is sat's"- trt to:see that the Directors have pledged tborVelliacslis issue the Mine Manager's report early next 9c eek. nat the insiders think of the facts coming out in thisrrie.re is pretty well eviderced by their buying and tn'abte. the last ten days, and what the public think cv”,l-00 less be strikingly shown by the movement of We ten days."—' Financial hews," June 27th.

MR. WILLIAM CROSPIFLD. At a large public gAthering in the Corn Ese—p, Lincoln, a portrait in oils was pres nted William Crosfield, the late Liberal membst% O6 cognition of the f•ervices be has reaflereu, cause of Liberalism. A resolution was carrieu w",.. to mously inviting Mr. Crotdeld tck again con Les" seat at the next election.

,-------1 . SMART'S FEMALE 4/11XTURr-; ,„, Will positively remove the most obstin ito obstrorribi from any cause. Most Powerful and Str ngest ou tee o„ 48. per bottle, post free under cover. with oruar.,ll.,io cure. No irregularity csn resist it. Send-for (bur 10: or Book, containing full particulars and thirty Poge:',c's Testimonials, all sworn on oath bef,re Her Majc''''Alli Commissioner of Oaths to be true end genuine;,, ~ Letters answered Personally by Mrs. s.'.l 1. ,;,' ol.i 181, UXBRIDGE RD., LONDr.N,"

E. ESSENHIGII. MANCHESTIsR-ROAD, WARRINGTOO* folv4, Architectural and Monumental Sculptor and 13.150 v Tombs, Landings, Monuments and Head stones, Granite and Stone. Estimates given.

______...±:_---"" ior h SOrriff ALLEN—ADcßorr—June 2:, at the Parish Chure,-;:a tO ton, by the Rey. H H. M. Hutt, John garet ELen Adoroft. DEATHS. SMITU,—June 20th, at Cartwright-st., Warringt°— lio. Thomas Smith, aged 21 yea's. CHADWICK. —Ju, e 22nd. at W..tkin-st., War low ootti Ann Chadwick, aged 58 years. 00' 000' GERRARD.—June 22nd, at Kerfoot-st., warriugt aerrard, aged 1 m,nth. •,gtOn' Ai HOUGHTON.—jnne 24th, at Wellfield-st., warn Or Houghton, aged 19 years. „tpII. EmmizesoN.—June 24th, at Golborne-st., Warrivo- . y beth Garitina Rmmerson, ag-d 64 years. Sarßil LEWlS.—June 25th. at D dton Dank, Warrington. _........"j Lewis, aged 59 years.

ESTABLISHED 1858. E. AUKLAND, MONUMENTAL MASON ANY d LEGH-S MEET AND 180, MANCIIES,c'7pI. mon" (Near Cemetery entranee) WAR RI ,ILT es' 10 Stone worked by steam power. Design' tn.. Al° 401":0 sent free. Monuments, Headstones. Crossei, •"" ;01,.(11`.01 stock. The cheapest firm in town for porcelAintate vco Wreaths, Crosses. Anchors, Harps, &0.. 11°10 1611 flowers. Also Globes and Shades to mateb• ettering and gilding executed on the shortest no
