===== 0002601_18960418_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
of a substitute to the tegiative was made.—Mr• pply to the Bishop for curate, would they be Vocds replied that that iad asked the Bishop to entleman, the Rev. Vir• that he would rather at he would take the ref' ling to say against the . S. Tofrs, but simpll minee.—Eventually the ed, on the proposition of nks was accorded 2,1 r. n keepinE,, the accounte nd Mr. Roberts secondei r presiding.—The vote 9f passed, the Vicar said no tor their expressionS

HEUMATIC pthLs

THIRTY YBARS.

mdall Street, Bridge Bond. ,eft, S.W., January 27,1892. Sir,—l feel it my duty to and give you great praise troducing such a valuable me as your Gout Pills.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
INY FOR 30 YEARS.

td anything to reliere ni used to lay in bed for two , now I not only g•et re- in a few hours but ant

e to get to work in less n a week. My complaint the wort of all Gouts. ect Chalk Gout. —Yours iy,

W. LITTLEJOHN." Kr. G. Eade.

Fr rr EUIIATIC PILLS eorEff; Rade, NDON, E.O. ; pnd

Is, Is. lid., and 2s. 911.

1-11EUNIATIC PILLS. .;,; FOR BILE,

FOR WIND, IR INDIGESTION,

PILLS.

tion and feverish stnte of d condition o the LIVEIL

, by circulating in action of the KIDNEYS. much discomfort restore tl.

PILLS.

. is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or ace by GEOI-11114 EADB. E.C.

IOI7S PILLS

E,'EEDS.

ON GUARA vTEED.

YEARS' LEY,

MIXTURES,

11 ACRE.

E MIXTURES, t ACRE.

ID GRAIN.

'ALOGUIL

IALLANTYNE.

lEEDSMEN,

WEDNESDAY April Brir. TRY. EUTOHERS'• ASO ' TABLE.

B.d. .d ow. each ... 0-0 . gas. o.tch 6 0— 0 ry v stick 0 0— 0 2 0 0-0 1 ricots each 0 0 0 0 ots Der ... 0 0— 0 I iflowers eacho 0 0 2 umbers eacho 0 - 0 1 bages each 0 2 0 .1 atoes lt 10-0 0 erts lb ish Onions 0 0— 0 1 !Ps ragus VlOO 0 0-9 0 toes V load 4 6 0 potatoes ctb 00-9 0 hroorns VP MO 0-1 0 n Peas Pk ...0 0— 0 0 n Sprouts it 0 3 0 n ns,kidney 0-0 0 .egatnates...o 1—( 0 mute,, 'on' „ ' f.BO 0 0— 0 0 at New 5R 0-62 0 iod ...... ..0 0— 0 0 .dittm. 5O 0-55 0 oster so.it 0 0-0 10 rbot 0 0— 1 6 on ~ itmsrs 0 0— 0 5 kes „ 00 0 90 -010 aOO 10 000.0. 1 0 0 lingo fish,, kerel each 0 0— 0 0 lug dozen 1 o—l 3

===== 0002601_18960418_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
RIVATE

inneeessary, but may be trranged.

Leultattone free.

led beforehand the cost tot k required .r fillings at moderate arges.

Iso Lady Attendants,

lon Re hitherto by the aid 'trona Oxide.

Meta of 10.000 gallons weekly.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
IRKINSON

OSLEY-STREET

URCH-STREET,

iRGE-STREET,

AYS, at Mrs. MBES

:SDAYS, 3, SANK:ay-8T

AYS, BRIDGIC-ST.

1, 18, APPLEUARKET-ST.

April 3rd, Ellen Pattisoo. th year. Nn cards. reet, Warrington, Richard

urness-street, Warrington'

.yard,Warringtan, Freaerio

ond Friday), aged 20 vears :dward Kirkconnol,solicite by, daughter of the late Ot

lerspool-road. warringtot6

No c ird.s.

hed by JoriN WALKER C? g Wfrks, Bewsey-streer ziner Vi3toria-r0,;',.,' RN ; 32. George-straet. !et ; EABLESTOWN.--"AP11.

8 ......._ • 8 REGISTERI'D TR FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD.

Oantrarts.

4 ItINTEX Ter— TS to Let, bplendid Scerne i , Thirl- itee ' rye,r laceuse of piano, via"-airMaoradeerraete.—Mrs. WALTON, i 8 II llels 8 . Cumberland. .... -4 14, es et APARTMRNTS on Llncashire Coast, North 40;.. Isle of Man, Yorkshire Coast, C., to be had stitiILISIIING OFFICES, Ba, Lord-st., Liverpool. ..„,..AR TMI Apt24,Ali,—ounty D—onegal' Tyrone Lodge, furnished /t lit -" C.IIS, large, airy, overlooking sea, sanitary t,,,,.._130air. Donegal band-made tweeds, Is. Su. free .—A W.x tailn.n. minute from sea ; large garden, stables, and t+phillbus;'l"Board and residence, in a large del achedd 0 L.,,i-ooreita .; Private sitting-rooms by arrangement., and goo "elirmo:e..ground floor; no steps.—Apply Mrs. SARGENT, 1‘ 4(418e, Eastbourne.

EALE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS.

EADE'S piLLs. "30. Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, S.W., January 27,1892. EADE'S PILLS. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise L'ADE'S puLs. for introducing such a valuable 12.1 medicine as your Gout Pills. Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 50 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pain so quickly as your Pills. I ined to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- _

GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less than a week. My complaint RHEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts,

1 OUT called Chalk Gout. —Yours truly, "W. LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & _RHEUMATIC PILLS

Prepared only by George Eade, 72, GOS WELL-ROAD, LONDON. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. lid., and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT S.: RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS

EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STONADiI, correct the morbid condition of the LIV ER relieve the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in the blood. Injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS. And, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by CfRORGE EACH, 12, 40SWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C.

EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

THE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE "EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning*

CORPORATION OF TEE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE MADE FRCM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, TOICREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS, BLOOD, BONES, FISH., &C., DELIVERED IN BAGS, CARRIAGE PAID, IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT £3 PER TON

Spscial price over 100 miles.. SUPPLY s ctly limited. ORDERS should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from

H. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester ; Or to J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester; BOLD ALDRED, Stamford Road, Altrinobata.

iFtuOffal 3nqtruments.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS ATRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow AL Welch, continnes to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and in easing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they porch se is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS 84 Sox, 157, Queen Victoria Street," formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London, are en- grsved on the Governmint Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 9el each, by most Ohea2iete.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICH ONE MUST

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BRWSBY STREET. WARRINGT ON THE NEW REGULATION POST CARD WITH PRINTED HEADING, FROM 3/9 PER 1,000. PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE "LEVIATHAN PLACAR

lINDEB,TAKE PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ALL.

PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES role BALLS. PROGRAMMES /ton CONVERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES Fos SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c.

A MONSTRII PLACARD may be formed by joinin mber of the" LEVIATHAN SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE LARGEST IN THE Die RIOT.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO.

1 7id per Quarter, 65.6 d. per Anr.um By Pon is. 9d. per Quarter eredit

GRAPHIC ACCOUNT OF A VISIT TO OF MANCHESTER'S PALACES OF INTEREST. INTERESTING DETAILS. THE Great City of Manchester is undoubtedly

largest centre of commerce in the world. It is. next to don, the most important clty in the British empire commercial enterprise is famous throughout civilisation, has even penetrated to the daricest recesses of barbaric humanity. Manchester is the centre of a population within 12 miles of her Town Hall as great as London, the whole t! which is engaged in the cause of labour. Day by day t powerful and mighty engines of steam power are. under the dual control of the mechmic and operative, busily engaged in contributing to the successful trading of this marvellously active and indubtrious community. lii my visit to this won- derful city I chanced to discover amongst the many gigantic and colossal hives of industry a well-known famous furnish ing establishment, •• THH PANTHEON."

Suffice it to say that" The Pantheon" is indisputably the very largest Furnishing Establishment in the North of Eng- land exclusively engaged in Furnishing It is not a Drapery Establishment, but is a solid, compact, massive warehouse containing over a million square feet of Showrooms packed from the basement to the roof by the Finest Stock of Furni- ture open for inspection outside the city of London. The des- tinies of this great establishment, I find, are presided over by Mr.f W. H. Worsley, the sole and absolute proprietor, to whose untiring energy and unflagging enterprise "The Pantheon "owes its high position. To visit "The Pantheon" took the tram from the corner of Mossley-street Piccadilly, going Alexandra Park way. In a very few minutes, after passing St. Peter's Church and the mammoth Central Sta- tion, I was informed by the guard of m v arrival at " The Pantheon." My visit being in the evening, I was amazed at the brilliant display of electricity, the whole of the vast building having just been splendidly lighted by the Manches- ter Electric Company, under the able supervision of Mr. Crews, electrical consulting engineer, of Cross-street, I was enabled to see everythingas favourably as in daylight. "The Pantheon " has immense show windows fronting Gay thorn over 100 feet long, forming a gigantic display. Not inc the invitation- displayed on the windows, " Inspection Invited," without diffidence I immediately embraced the op- portunity by walking inside; announced my desire to see " The Pantheon," though not wishlng to purchase. I was met in the most cordial manner by one of the numerous salesmen, who very courteously offered to conduct me. I was at once struck with

OVERWHELMING- SURPRISE, the extraordinary immensity of the stock being sufficient guarantee of variety. On the ground floor I found a well arranged stock of Bedroom Furniture of the better class, suites innumerable at from £3O to £l5O. Magnificent speci- mens in richly-figured pollard oak, American walnut and burr, satinwood, exquisitely inlaid rosewood,Chippendale and Sheraton. These stood on prominently. Struck with the grandeur of one large ollard oak Bedroom Suite, I ventured to ask the price, expecting it to be quite £4O) to £5OO, and was surprised to find the price only £l2O ; another Suite, by Goodall, which must have cost nearly £2OO, pece only £65. The cheaper bedroom suites I was intormed were displayed in another showroom reserved for the purpose. A summary of the stock on view is briefly 200 bedroom suites complete, over 1,000 bedsteads, 150 drawing-room suites. 150 cabinets, 175 dining-room suites, and over 150 sideboards, besides the thou- sands of bargains in all the sundries which are essential to household furnishing. My curiosity was next aroused in a visit to the Carpet Showroom, which has been newly refitted. Here I revelled in exquisite artistic colourings DISSOLVING THE SOUL in a sense of fovelines3. Carpets in all their gorgeous colours, Axminster, Persian, Brussels, Wilton, and Tapestry. at incomparably low prices. Axminster 2s 9d per yard, Brussels is 11d, Tapestry from 90. Over 503 Second-hand Carpets form a special plum for those requiring a bargain ; large Second-hand Axminster and Bru sells Carpets from 153 65 to £3 10d, according to size and quality. Adjoining the Carpet Showroom is the Linoleum and Oilcloth Depart- ment, fitted with rollers for the proper display of the pat- terns. Linoleums from Pcl to 2s 6d, Oilcloths from 65 to lis 11d. Inlaid Linoleums at 3s 11d. I was nosy conducted I upstairs to the Dining-room Furniture Showroom. I was impressed by the enormous display of Massive room Furniture, the bulk of which is magnifi- cently carved in has r. lief. reminding one of the artistic immediately Solid Din l n - merit displayed in THE ATHENIAN TEMPLES.

Magnificent productions by splendid old makers, such as Gillows, Garnett, Lamb Henry Ogden and Sims, ac., at positively less prices than the common new London furniture now so largely retailed by drapers, &c. For instance, I noted a magnificent 71t 6in Sideboard, by Devesten. Bird, and Hull, which could not have cost less than £lOO, price £l6 guineas. What possible chance has new Londotr furniture in competition with bargains such as here displayed? Next a splendid solid oak Sideboard, with brilliant crystal minors, ft. £l2 10s; original cost £75. You can positively obtain Sideboards, second hand,condition equal to new, from 30s to I En, worth three or four times the amount; and, better still, you can depend upon the stability. A common new side- board is practically worthless ; eracks may develop suffi- ciently wide as to almost disAcse the contents to your visitors. I should strongly recommend the purchase of a good high-class sideboard, second band, in preference to new. doesn't matter what price you wish to give,you can obtain a splendid bargain at Worsley's in Sideboards from 30s up to £lOl, all equally cheap and durable. The same rule applies to Diningroom Suites, Overmantels, and Dining Tables. The bargains in this department are simply wenderful A fine, handsome Diningroom Suite, in morocco, vitt couch, two easy chairs, and six single chairs, second hand, but In good order cost £55 for £9 103 ; this is a sample of what may be obtained. Of course there is ample variety in price, suites from £2 10s to £65. A complete Suite in solid oak may be had for comparatively a trifling sum. My attention was called to a Solid Oak Dining-room Suite, consisting of couch, two easy chairs, and six single chairs, in morocco; a magni- ficent Sideboard, Overmantel, and Dining Table, the lot for £25, well worth £75, and cest £lO3. This seems almost in- credible, but a visit will amply demonstrate the verification. I now hear a brilliant display of rapid evolutionary chords on a pianoforte, and am then by attracted to the New Pianoforte Saloon recently erected adjoining the Dining-room Show- room, I find that the proprietor is not only a remarkable energetic business man, but that he is endowed with no mean ability as a pianist, the performance of a Chopin Polonaise amply demonstrating this upon a maznificent Erard Piano- forte. The Pianoforte Seloon contaies all the beat known instruments by the highest class makers at a price t rom 23 to 30 per cent, less than music sellers' list prices. For instance, Kirkman's span brand new Upright Grand Cottage Pianos, with all the latest improvements, are offered at 24 guineas, a price hitherto unknown. A very fine Tricho:d new Piano— forte, specially made for Worsley's, is retailed at 14 guineas, also something new as to price. There are a hundred instru- ments on view, but the gems of the bargains are the Second- hand Pianofortes. Here you can get pianos from 50s. to £5O„ simply incredible valise. Go and fee for yourself; it will cost you nothing.but may profit you much. American Organs equally cheap. The Music Saloon contains a number of CHARMING PICTURES

By well-known artists, at astonishing low prices. There are on this floor varieties of sundries, articles of virtu,ornamental and valuable property of all kinds, but space forbids all I could write of what I saw The next showroom is the Draw- ing-room. and it is almost impossible to do justice to tha very beautiful and exquisite display of really High-class New and Second-band Drawing-room Furniture. You can pur- chare a suite for £1 10s. and you can buy one as high as £l5O. There are 163 suites on view, for variety and beauty un- rivalled. There is only space to illustrate a sample bargain, viz.: A magnificent Second-hand Drawing-room Suite, cabinet, overmantel, two tables, card table, and coal cabinet, the whole in Chippendale mahogany of Louis XIV. style, richly carved ; the suite has heal newly re-upholstered in rich brocaded silk of delicate artistic colourings ; everything is equal to new. Pri,e for the lot 211 guineas ; worth quite £7O. Very pretty suites may be purehlsed at £7 to £lO. The next department is the Bedstead Showroom, where you are at once dazzled by the _ _

===== 0002601_18960418_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MOUNTAINS OF GOLD.

The brilliant collection of solid Brass Bedsteads, having the appearanoe of a mountain of gold. Hundreds of exquisitely finished brass bedsteads at incredible low prices are on show from 32s 6d up to £25. Two thousand bedsfeids from 5s 6d may be inspected, besides many wondeiful birgains in Second-hand Bedsteads For instance, a magnificent mas- sive solid brass bedstead, which ,3ast £25 when new, is shown for 24 10s. I must now piss i en to de3cribe the enormous Bedroam Suite Showroom, which s the largest in Manchester, and contains 150 bedreorn suites from 358 to £65. The suites are shown in corridors, with nlenty of width and space al- lowed for inspection. The great feature at "Tne Pantheon" Is that there is plenty of room, and a lit illiant light enabling you to see what you are purchasing perfectly. In this depart- ment you have splendid opportunities for securing a bargain. I noticed one, a fine handsome majestic 6 feet Bedroom Suite, in richly figured wood. all solid; wardrobe 6 feet, dressing table s.feet, washstand 4 feet 6 inches, three chairs, towel rail, and pedestal, in condition quite equal to new. This suite is fitted with every convenience, and cost from £7O to £BO. The price is only 251 guineas, the fact being that Worsley's must, 'buy a tremendous quantity of goods awfully cheap, and simply ask a small profit on it, no matter how little the cost. I have seen bargains worth three and four times the money asked for them. The best plan to adopt to prove this is to take the trouble to pay a visit to "The Pantheon" and see for yourself, As I said be:ore you are not asked to buy; you can walk in and walk out with perfect freedom, experiencing only COURTESY AND POLITENESS,

To give a full account of the vatt stores of " The Pantheon" would occupy the whole of this paper. I may. however, just mention one fact, and hat is you cannot ask Worsley's for- any article of furniture without being quickly shown what: you require. You are never met with the response, "Very sOrry, but we are just out of what you require, but we can get it for you." Worslevs keep a tremendous reserve stock. You can obtain anythir g you require in the furnishing line with difficvilty. The Kitchen and Sitting-room furnishing departments are cram full of bargains ; for instance, second hand mahogany hair-seated Sofas or Couches from 15s, mahogany carved back Dressers from £3 les, mahogany magnificient Dining Tables from 15s Kitchen Dressers from 13s, and so on. The show room. for Hail Furniture, Library. and Office Furniture are equally cheap and good. .A second-hand Hat and Umbrella Stand and palr of Hall Chairs, which cost £3O, may be purchased for £6 10s, a smaller set or £2 15s

JN CONCLUSION, y sa new Or Ldual Payment System. I can on y l that the greatest marvel of all is that Mr. Worsley, s oiler you all the advan- which he inaugurated. Worsley vantages of their low prices. Any of the targains I have has instituted a be purchased at the prices advertised, and they described may will allow you to pay off i u by Gr..dual Payments, making no difference whatever n the inv.., . i, e price. I amnot conclude my letter without recotrimencling cyeryone to visit Worsley's before purehasing ; all his competitors try to Imitate his style of business, but m- y experience teaches me that Worsley reigns suprerne—Worsley is there, the rest are nowhere. Worsley's are open every day from 9 to 7, and .‘ The Pantheon," being almost next door to the Central Station, Manchester, h very easy to find. The Alexandra, Park, Junction. ad Bradshaw-street trams all going City- road way pass the door.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• .

I‘

•

;. '

H

===== 0002601_18960418_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
111-, i.l .„; ,

, ••••-,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
2 ASK TIIMER FOR AEC ER PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS. .. mina' Pill. Small Dose. ... EARTHS Small Prtee. • - ,i' ITTLE Fort,: la .-1, j Jai. . w ~,/ .12;14:s PureiyVeg:, •I'LLZ, table. 1

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Corniflexion, and Scic Headaches promptly: and cure them so a S to stay eured Chatuists,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

THE VALUE OF AN .A.T...us.—Jimmy "Say, I got out of a bad scrape to-day." Tommy : " Did yer? What was it ? " Jimmy; "Somebody told me mother a feller called Mugsey ' broke a man's winder down de street. If sho only knowed d.at wuz me 1"

.. HIS LIFE-WORIK.—" Oh, papa, what makes old Mr. Grabenheimer walk so stoop-shouldered? He looks like a horseshoe." "I have heard, my son, that many* years ago, when he was a very little boy, no bigger than you are now, he found a cent," .

EVIDENCE.—Bingo "Bobby, did you eat that little pie your mother made for you yesterday?". Bobby "No, sir. I gave it to my teacher." Bingo: "Did she eat ia ? " Bobby: I guess so. There wasn't any school to-day." PROVED.—Wife "Don't you think I am more economical than I was a year ago?" Husband: "I haven't noticed it." Wife (reproachfully) : "Why, dear, I get twice as many things with the same money." Still she hesitated. "You are poor," she argued, "while I have a million." Springing forward impetuously, he gathered her to his bosom. I will marry you," he cried "for all that !" SHAMEFUL OVERSIGHT. Uptown; "Burglars got into my house last night and ` lifted ' everything of any importance—with one exception." Down- town "What was that ? " Uptown: "The mortgage." WORLDLY WlSE.—First Mite: "I'll tell on you!" Second Mite: "If you do, I'll tell on you !" First Mite: "Nobody 'll believe you after yer reputashun's destroyed." SOME people spenci enough time in grieving over spilt milk to earn another cow. THE RULE OF THRHE.—Mrs. Fussy: "John, how did you happen to buy a new umbrella to-day ? " Fussy: " You told me always to leave one at home and one in the oiliee ; so, in order to keep off the rain, I had to buy a third." NOT EXACTING THERE. (pompously, at Western hotel) : "I am Senator Biggun " Clerk: "That's all right. We e,are nothing about a man's bad character at this house, as long as lie behaves himself here, and pays in advance. THE price of beef is rising so fast that after awhile the rich man will have cows on his lawn, instead of fawns. Ballet: "Oh, I belong to the realistic school Paint things just as I find 'em, you see." Farmer Barnes: "Don't believe in that, young man; don't believe in it. Neighbour Brooks was jest that • kind of a fellow—painted his house without puttyin' up c, crack. An' now look at it !" A WARNING.—RuraI Ragges : "No, mum, I -haven't come to beg. I've come ter warn yer agin men travellin' round callin' theirselves tramps. They ain't tramps at all, mum." Mrs. Hussiff : "How am I going to know them?" Rural Ragges : "Easily enough, mum. They look as if they was really hungry. They won't ask yer fer money. They'll want to do a whole lot of work fer a bite ter eat. They'll do the work willingly. An' after they've eaten the scraps you give 'ern they'll go away lookin' grateful. Yer can't mis- take 'em fer tramps, mum." ENDING A DISCUSSION.—Mr. Grumpps (hotly) : "You must be crazy." Mrs. Grunipps (icily) : "Just what everybody said when I married you."

SivrYTHE : "Site wasn't sure which she liked

better, Jones or me' but she gave me the benefit of the doubt." Bluffs: "And made you happy?" Smythe: " Yes ; they have been married more than a year now." Mrs. Casey: "Let's immigrate to Americay, Moike. Do yer moind phwhat luck Pat Shanahan had? He was only there two year, whin he doied worth t'ree hundred pounds." , MR. FINEMIND : "My dear, my scientific works are bringing me in a fortune, and we will soon be rich." Mrs. Finemind : "Too bad. Now we will have to 4 associate with a lot of nobodies who inherited their wealth." _ _

MISS KENNETH: "How is it they do not use the telephone in Russia?" Mr. Potter: "Well, you see, Hello' in Russia is Tzizakenfitkiajanjanski— hence the telephone has not been introduced into that country.' ONE GOOD POINT. A custom prevails at funerals among the Dutch settlers in Natal for some one of the deceased's friends to make an ,oration at his grave, recording his virtue's and the good deeds performed by him. It happened once, however, that an individual died who was not considered to have been possessed of any virtues whatever. Consequently the , obsequies were nearly being completed in silence, when one of his country said, in solemn tones—" Him was a berry good smoker." "Who is going to be the best man at your wedding ? " asked Hicks of Garraway, who is shortly ,to marry a "new woman." "I don't know, said Garraway, sadly. "Miss Strongmind and I have not settled yet which of us is to have that honour."

- REUBEN (telling of his visit to London) : " Wun day I sat right 'longside two burglars in a street kyar." Cynthia: • " flow did ye know they wuz burglars, Reub?" Reuben,: "Waal, wun sez t' the other 'l'm goin' to Rob 'Roy t' night; will ye cum?' and the other sez, Yeou bat I will. I hope it'll betas good a Robin Hood.'" A Possinmrrt.-=-How- true it is that a guilty conscience needs no accuser was well shown by the following little occurence. A gentleman went out of town for a day's fishing, taking a luncheon with him. When he reached the creek he discovered that he had dropped the luncheon somewhere on the Way, and hastened back to look for it. By-and-by he met a burly nego, who' looked very well pleased, and was brushing some crumbs from the breast of his coat. "Did you pick up anything in the road as you come along ?" asked the gentleman. "No, sah," answered the coloured man. "I didn't pick up anything. Couldn't a dog have found it and eat it up ?" A BRILLIANT IDEA.—An interesting incident occurred while a company of a certain battalion stationed in one of our garrison towns were going through their musketry training. ' Owing to a strong wind blowing from the right, the bullets kept falling to the left of the target. An .old major, who was in charge at the ranges, came over to the colour-sergeant and inquired the cause of the .bad shooting. On being told that there was too much wind blowing from the right, causing the shots to fall wide, he astonished the sergeant by asking—" Wouldn't it be a good idea if the targets were moved more to the left?" Th 3 colour- sergeant barely restrained a smile. A QUITE OUT .OF THAT KIND. Dady (to dog dealer) : "I live in a. lonely house in the country, and I want a god house-dog." "Yes, mum." "But I don't want one that will keep Me awake all night barking at nothing." No, mum." " He must be very strong and fierce, 'vet as gentle as a lamb with us, you know," Yes, mum." "'And he must drive away every tramp who may come near the house." "Yes, Mum.' ; But he must not interfere with any honest; persen coining along." "No, mum." "ii a burglar comes, the dog must attack him immediately." " Yes, mum." "But he must not molest anyone who makes a friendly call at any time." "No, muiri. Is there anything else ?" t' Oh, yes.; he must not, of coursesinterfere with any persons who may have to call on my husband. He is a doctor, and a great .many people call." "Yes, .inum ; just so. What you want is a thought-readoss; (log. Very sorry, but I'm quite out of . tlia t TAKEN.—`.` Don't want an ,s; pictures," said the woman to the strango a 111.11 at the door. " I'm not a pecllit: aa, said' the stranger. "My business is of an entirely different nature Do you remember a weary. rased, and hungry tramp calling at your ki Hii door about six weeks-ago ?" "No, I do noc. a tmerefreslt your memory. You were :!. ;:•• morn- ing wrap, tisel at the %•,-IT.lla ,• ;, your front hair was in pins, arid era was a a sinnke across your nose--" io turned to slam the door, hut his foot - happened to be in the way. " Yon had a rolling-pin in one hand and a kettle of hot water in the other, with which you threatened to scald the' poor wayfarer." ." Well, I aidn't scald him, anyhow: You can't get any assault unit battery against " NOthing• the sort we intended, ma'am. I merely wish to let you know that I was that supposed tramp. The buindie that I carried on that occasion was a lightning. Camera, and I have_already been offered ten shillings by a neighbour for the picture of ySys I obtained, but if you want' it for seven-and-six- pence, it is yours." She had it.

ma

A MINUTE WITH YOU PLEASE

sufferers from Gr vel. Lumb,,go, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind arid Water Complaint. DiSeas=s of Kidneys Bladder Stone. Seatica. Rheumatism and Gout wilt find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a F mall box and not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices is. lid., Of all Chemists, or piist free for 12 stamps. trom HOLDROYD's Medical Hall Checkheaten, Yorks. Sold at M, Bridge-st., Warrington. Don't be put off, if you cannot get them write to,the Proprietor and a box will be seat next post. Advt

===== 0002601_18960418_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CEIA'L

The manner in which the police have tracked down the persons suspected of the Muswell Hill murder is undoubtedly a great feather in their cap. It does our detective force even more credit than they quite properly earned by their conduct in the robbery of silver ingots, and should go far to- wards silencing those who are ever ready to sneer at the capacity of our police to follow up slight clues and to piece together disjointed links in the chain of evidence. There was great excitement at Highgate on Monday evening when the officers ar- rived with their captives.

The calculation of every ene with whom I have conversed on the subject of the duration of the Licensing Commission is that it will last during the lifetime of the present Parliament, or till so' near the period of its natural dissolution that the ' present Government will be able to turn the pro- blem over to their successors. In the meantime, public opinion may have ripened in favour of some one or other of the many proposed methods of deal- ing with it, in which case, if the Unionists return to power, their problem will be much simplified. Meanwhile,the question is shelved for six years,and probably longer. There is a strong impression among a large number of temperance men here , that public opinion will set keenly in favour of the I adoption of the Gothenburg system. They are led to this belief in consequence of the growing pres- sure of local rates, and from the hope that if the local governing body can intercept the profits aris- ing from the liquor traffic it will do something to lighten the burden of local taxation. Certain it is that in seven years the amount of the local rating will be considerably higher than it is at present, and so long as the Tory party is in power the taxation of ground values is a vain hope. The Gothenburg system, moreover, implies one form of local control, though not exactly that conveyed by local option.

The travelling Emperor has reached Vienna, and there cannot, says the "Daily Chronicle," be much doubt that his dual mission to his two allies is meant to re-fasten the links of the Triple Alliance. So far as Italy is concerned that has probably been done. The present Government is less cordial to "La Triplice " than its predecessor; but to come out of tbe great European combination is more than a moderate Italian Ministry—with a gentle chief like the Marquis di Rudini—is likely to attempt. Italy therefore re-enters the fold with sadly diminished power and prestige. Have we, too, en- tered it ?.is a sufficiently pertinent question. Not formally, we imagine. But in fact and in spirit we are nearer to it, both as a matter of general policy and of emergency action, than we have ever been before. And that is a fact which the country ought to realise.

At first sight the telegraphed announcement that a "group of large capitalists residing in Fgypt " have "instructed counsel to oppose the action brought by the French Bondholders' Syndicate with reference to the advance of funds by the Caiss of the Egyptian Public Debt for the Nile expedition" seems rather flattering for British foresight and prestige, especially as the only two capitalists named are not of British nationality. But a little examination reveals an interesting chain of cause and effect. Messrs. Suares and Zeronduchi, the two capitalists in question, control one of the three large financial syndicates, in the hands mainly of Austrian and Italian Jews, which have been buy- ing up some of the best land in Egypt under the British occupation, and which have at the same time been cutting out resident British firms in :en- ders for Government contracts. At the head of one of the other syndicates is Baron Menasce, of Alex- andria. Apart from the general motive for desiring the British authorities to amicably widen the ter- ritorial area of their speculations, these " groups " or syndicates have a quite immediate and a prac- tical concern in the extent and availability of the "funds for the Nile expedition." Me,srs. Snares were applied to for railway material as•soon as the advance was ordered: They at once supplied great quantities of sleepers, and they appear to have been first in the field also with rails. If the responsi- bilities undertaken by this country in EYypt were to be dependent On the aims of these competing "large capitalists," the forward movement might go on for ever.

If we are to credit a curious piece of news that comes to hand in a rather round-about manner,this country has recently been on the brink of a Minis- terial crisis without being aware of the fact. As Mr. Courtney pointed out at Bodmin a few days ago some of the members • 'of Her Majesty's Govern- ment are believed to be doubtful as to thi3 wisdom of the mysterious Soudan expedition. But it was not uncertainty as to their new Egyptian policy that thtleatened Lord Salisbury's Ministry, but dis- union respecting the currency question. On the 16th ult., the day before the debate on Mr. George Whiteley's resolution, the London correTondent of the " Pioneer " telegraphed :—" Difference of opinion in the Cabinet nearly caused Mr. Balfolir and Mr. Chaplin to resign, Sir M. Hicks-Beach ob- jecting to their advocacy of the bimetallic pro- gramme as calculated to make the Ministry unpopu- lar." The " Pioneer" is well-known as the organ of the official classes in India, and its proprietor, Mr. G. W. Allen, is one of the vice presidents of the Bimetallic League.

The borings for coal at Dover have been con- ducted with perfect privacy, even the coastguard on the top of Shakespeare's Cliff. and within a stone's throw or two of some of the borings, having no information on the matter beyond the vaguest hearsay,and ,risitors being rigorously excluded from all means of knowiedge.' The veil is now uplifted by the syndicate conducting the operations,and the results confirm the surmise of geologists that the carboniferous strata of the western counties dip in a continuous basin which reappears on the otter side of the Channel in the great coal beds of Belgium and the north-west of France. The lowest of eight seams was found at. a depth of 2200 ft., and more seams would probably have been found if the bor- ings had been carried further down. This discovery will alter the whole character of the southern counties. The establishment of great mining com- munities in these southern counties,the strongholds of Toryism at present, will introduce also a politi- cal revolution into the villages, and break up the old Conservative fortresses, which have resisted as yet all the teachings of rural reformers. Such a re- sult will, in the opinion of some at all events, be well worth the loss of our green fields and the es- tablishment of two or three black countries south of the Thames.

A well-authenticated report reaches me from Paris to the effect that the French Premier has drawn up a Note to be presented to the European Powers bearing upon the British occupation of Egypt and the neutrality of the, Suez Canal. The Note in draft was, I hear, submitted to the Russian Ambassador in Paris on Saturday, and he. after MDking various alterations, suggested Anallv that before being issued the Note should be submitted to his Government.. This is now being done, and it is expected that the Note will be issued about the end of this week. It is said to be short, but of a conciliatory pharactpr so far as England is concerned:

Excitement runs high amongst the Noncomfnrm- ist leaders in London on the ..Government . Educa- tion Bill, and the antagonism to the measure deepens. I hear that Mr. R. W. Perks, M.P., has offered to open his private resiience at Kensington to a gathering of four or five hundred Noncon- formists, representative of the whole country; also that shnrtly there is to be a similar representative meeting at the City Temple. As regards the Wes- leyans, interest centres in next week's gathering at the Centenary Hall. The Rev. Dr..Rigg is likely to make a sutireme effqrt to put: himself _right with regard to the Purcell letter business, and rumour says there will be some plain speakirg on the part of Mr. Priceflughes and the more Liberal section of the Special Committee.

Charles Lucas, !ate Postmaster at Roysten, was sen- tenced at Hereford on Monday to twelve montlW hard labour for embezzling £2OO belonging to the Pct Office,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
r. •

BEAU IHPUL TEETH fortlll who use da,ily on tho tooth brush a few orons ot

SOZODONT,

the pleasantezt clentifr.lcq ir. tha world. - •

Cleanses the teeth Ina spaces between them as nothingelse will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy. lips, and fragr4Lt-, breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.'

===== 0002601_18960418_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
All rights reserved. TB.INGS A WOMAN W ANTS TO KNOW.

IN spite of the very general use of coats and skirts, there comes a time when a really neat fitting tailor-made dress is smarter than any- thing else. Bearing this in mind, and know- ing that at the present time you will be in all probability requiring something of the kind, I am this week giving you for ray first sketch a very pretty costume. It is carried out in grey tweed, and the coat bodice you will notice is double-brtasted; with a seam at the waist where a full basque is joined on. The revers with which the bodice is turned back are of medium size only, and are covered with' white cloth, the collar being of the grey. Notice here the reduction in the size of sleeves, which, although still somewhat full, are considerably smaller than of yore. The fulness ,is more at the immediate top, the sleeves being quite tight-fitting to the elbow, and even fairly so just above. The turn-back cuffs are of white cloth, matching the revers. White facings are extremely smart this year; those of white cloth porhaps look best, but on the other hand those

A Tailor-made Costume. No. 2053.—Bodice. Paper Pattern, sid. No. 2054.—Skirt. Paper Pattern, Bid. Complete Costume. Is. Op. To be had from PATTERN DEPARTMENT, 18, HENRIETTA. STREET, LONDON. W.C.

of pique—and there are many of these to be seen—have the additional advantage of being washable. Moreover, they are so made that they button on again inside the coat when required. Hats are immensely trimmed just now. The most popular shape is a fiat one with a some- what square crown. That in my sketch has a full ruching round it of Chine ribbon with a bow and osprey on the left side, and bunches of roses nestling in the fulness of the ribbon. The brim is turned up at the back with a wide bow of black satin, bunches of roses again appearing on either side. No hat is complete at the present moment without what French people calla ca c-peign e,which is the only name I can give to this trimming at the back of hats. As soon as spring appears we are apt to throw off our winter clothing, quite forgetting the truth of the old adage': "e'er cast a clout till May be out." Ido not believe entirely in this, for,l think that with the present fashion of wearing woollen underclothing, we may take more liberties than formerly, especially with our dresses, coats, etc. - -

There is another point on which people are very apt to be careless, and that is in children's night apparel. Many mothers deem it neces- sary to clothe their little ones in flannel dming the winter, but directly the snow disappears flannels are stowed away for another year. This is quite a mistake, for children are far more restless at night in summer than in winter. They throw themselves about, and kick off the bedclothes, often leaving their legs

A Sleeping Suit. (Age 6to 10 years.) No. 205. Paper Pat' ern, tid. To be had from PATTERN_ DEPARTMENT, 13, HA. irmireTr STREET, LONDON, W.C.

quite bare. Thus are chills caught, and we all know that a cold is more easily caught than lost. lam sure that children should wear flannel at night in winter and summer. Of course, if preferred, a lighter kind can be chosen for, summer, but I would not change the material. • Let me draw your, attention to the a'ccom- panying sketch of a child's sleeping suit: It is, I consider, one of especially go'o'd design, being made in ,the form-of a combination with feet coverings, so that no matter how much the child may kick about, it cannot become un- covered. The design is simple in construction, and by the aid of one of our patterns can be easily carried out. , - Nearly everyone appreciates pot flowers in sitting-rooms; so no doubt many people will be glad' to hear' of a simple flower - stand which can be easily made at home. A charm- ing one I saw in the house of a friend the other day was standing in front of a French window, and the effect was excellent. _

_ , It was made of a child's wheelbarrow of rather a large size. When bought it was of plain wood, but my friend told me she had transformed it into its present state. The process is as follows: First rub it all over with fine, sandpaper, thus making the surface per- fectly smooth. Then size it, and when thoroughly dry proceed to paint ,it with enamel. Each coat of paint must be put on as thinly as possible, and if the enamel becomes at all thick, reduce it with turpentine. Five or six coats of this rendered the barrow absolutely perfect. . This done, my friend stood her pots in it, placing some on 'other pots so as to make the whole a good shape; the interstices were filled with moss, and the result was absolutely charming. She further told me that when she wanted to water her flowers, all she had to do was to wheel the barrow into the garden, give them a thorough soaking, and when they were drained return it to the sitting-room again. The last time I saw my friend she was pre- paring another of these charming stands, but as this was intended for a present, she had a zinc tray fitted into the bottom, the sides being about three inches deep. It certainly was an improvement, but by no means necessary, and, if expense were an object, could quite bell be omitted. _ .

4., -. . I:4,1 . , , •I , i':it\ i 1 it .w. ..,.,:.., . /Ili/ ••• 100" it i 1' i 4411/f} '4 ril '1 g 1 111 14,'" I \,............/.4 "

//. / . l'Ac 44' ' 1 - '. .-.. .•..7).•'; 1 lit 1. j .... ..i. L //' 0•$ MI I P li .1. i f , • , ~1; ir ~ A .

===== 0002601_18960418_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
. • • ,

TUE: Si 81 litotes, CUP eh the inva FRE. re ali Eng] BIM'S COEFE and Inc best B faculty. ShiMop 2s. 6d. t Ohant,e AT.E -&- 4 "(Alma] 61•1 lud IEI

' ttNi

Cott Seco Steel 'Qharge APply Londc

Liven Liver Seaso: LUNI

===== 0002601_18960418_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY APRIL 18. 1896 THE HIDDEN HAND ;

'• WOMEN'S CHAT."

it is whispered that the Princess of Wales will take' part in the Season's gaieties, after her visit to Copen- hagen next month, and if so its success is assured. The cloud caused by the death of Prince Henry of Batten- berg has now passed away, and the Prince and Princess of Wales,and the Duke and Duchess of York having the welfare of the London Season at heart, intend by their own hospitality and patronage of entertainments in general, to set an example that will be eagerly followed by Society. The Princess of Wales is certaln to spend some weeks in the metropolis, superintending the ar- rangements for her daughter's marriage, and assisting her in the selection of a trousseau, worthy of a grand- daughter of the Queen, a labour of love, to which our charming Princess brings the exquisite taste which has ever characterised her own toilettes. Should a garden party be held in connection with Princess Maud's mar- riage, it will take place either in the grounds of St. James's Palace, or Buckingham Palace. Nothing definite at present, however, has been settled, but it is known that there is a keen desire on the part of those most con- cerned, to introduce this particular function into the wedding festivities. The. Duchess of Saxe Coburg-Gotha has provided Prin- cess Alexandra with a truly magnificent trousseau, al- though not quite so extensive as those made for the bride's two elder sisters. This is because the newly married pair will reside for some months quietly in the country,the gay season in Germany only beginning with the approach of winter, when the Dutchess intends giv- ing her daughter a further supply of wedding finery in the shape of costly furs. Princess Alexandra has no crown to look forward to in her marriel life, neverthe- less she is likely to have a brilliant as well as a happy time before her,for the Prince of Hohenlohe Langenberg is first cousin to the German Empress, and connected with many of the leading princely houses in Germany. Two of the most popular of our younger women ' novelists, neither of whom have been much en evidence lately, are busy upon new works. "George Egerton" is soon to publish a novel, the title of which will proba- bly be "The Burden of the Ill" and" John Oliver Hobbes "(Mrs. Graigie) will shortly be represented by a tale entitled " The Herb Moon." At present she is en- gaged upon a lengthy novel to be published in the autumn under the name of "A School for Saints." The Rev. Baring-Gould whose new novel "The Brown Squire "is not meeting with an over friendly reception from the critics, had a most romantic wooing. When a young raan, Mr. Baring-Gould worked in the Midlands, and fell deeply in love with a factory girl. He had her educated,and then married her, and all who know them say he could not possibly have selected a better wife. Beside being a novelist the Rev. S. Baring-Gould is a popular hymn writer, an ecclesiastical historian, and an authority on folk-lore and antiquarian matters. He is both squire and parson of Lew Trenctard in Cornwall— an estate of 3,000 acres, and Lves in the old manor house there.

By the way, speaking of Mr. Baring Gould reminds me of a London clergyman who quite recently appears to have hit upon a somewhat unique method for pleasing the majority of his congregation with regard to the selec- tion of the hymns. -Constant church-goers, we all knew, are frequently in the habit of requesting that his or her favourate hymns may be placed among the list of those to be sung, but in this as in most other cases, tastes differ, and what one worshipper likes, another does not. This particular clergyman, however, has decided that lists of twelve favourite hymns shall be asked for, and duly sent in and the dozen which stand at the top of the poll are to be used. It is to be presumed that after a while another electien will be necessary. There is now in smart circles great talk of a League, to check the tendency of modern women to dress beyond their means, often indeed, vulgarly and ostenta- tiously beyond their position. The means to effect this end are limitations as to the number of gowns to be worn each seas m. Personally, I feel doubtful as to the success of such a League, although quite alive to the necessity for a good thing of the kind. Dress has now become so costly that it taxes many a fairly well-off woman to the utmost to know how to keep up appearances in this London world of ours, where, appar ntly the one aim and object of our life is to appear ten times richer than we really are. At the present time there is only one way we can manage, comfortably manage, to look nice on small means, and that is, to set aside the absurd creed of not wearing the same gown too often and possess ourselves of a few really well-turned out things in preference to a quantity of cheap and manifestly third-rate garments. The Princess of Wales is often seen time after time dur- ing a season in the same gown, so are her daughters, so irlso is the Duchess of York, and among smart titled women I could give many instances of those who wear the same dresses time after time and yet always look well dressed,neat, and thoroughly nice. When speaking with a famous French dressmaker a few days back,l asked her to explain to me her method of starting new fashions. It seems, when she is anxious to introduce a new mode, she designs an exquisite crea- tion calculated to suit a leading actress, whe will carry ,it off with grace and elegance. The-design is carried out on a lay figure and submitted to the actress, who nine times out of ten accepts the subtle homage. The dress is seen to the best advantage upon the stage, is copied into the fashion papers and—becomes the mode. Unless some unforseen change takes place between

this and midsummer we may expect the medium-sized hat to be maintained throughout the season. What it lacks in size however, it will make up for in volume and variety of trimming. Only quite simple morning hats will be worn plain, flowers and foliage, ostrich and quill feathers, draperies and poufs of net and gauze, ribbons and lace, will be crowded on to all the other shapes. which in themselves are to be fanciful combinations et straw material. Plaid and checked ribbons are being shown in all the most up to date shops but although dressmakers intend to make use of them. I hear upon the very best authority that milliners will show them little favor, preferring shaded and flower printed ribbons with wide bands of black or some dark color on the edges,and plain ribbons of satie, taffetas, or cuir-de-sofe, or else watered ribbons which have re-appeared lately. All sorts of thin black fabrics with grenadine or gattz grounds are already being made up with a view to bright warm spring days, and although many are being built upon black foundations, colered liningsare more fashim- able. Effects obtained by transparency are the most up-to-date; positive tones being generally preferred for the opaque fabric underneath, and this arrant etnent is not only carried out in dresses butis extended to emart capes. It appears, according to a correspondent in one of the London evening papers, that the prevailing fancy for tiny watches is merely a revival of an ancient fashion. This learned individual goes on to remark that Queen Mary possessed an octagonal silver watch whose dial plate measured only nine-tenths of an inch in diameter, and that her unfortunate namesake Mary Queen of Scots took pride in a small silver death's-head, which concealed a dial in its throat. The works took the place of brains,and were wound up with catgut,and the lower jaw opened on hinges to reveal the dial. Just now when the house-cleaning season is once more with vs. I would remind my readers that yellow is the colour for rooms that have no sunshine. It should not, therefore, be used for wall coverings in rooms that are flooded with sunshine, especially if they are for living rooms. If a light covering is liked for the wall of a sts -,ny room a modified yellow in the shade known as cream or buff, should be chosen. A light olive is also a delightful medium shade, and combines perfectly with white, old pink. reds, or certain shades of blue and yel- low. Very well lighted rooms can also bear Indian or Pompeiian reds. They have a cool effect even in mid- summer.

Here is an excellent method whereby to press seams ; Take a rolling pin, cut it in half so as to make a fiat surface ; then cover it as one would an ironing board. It supplies just what is needed, a curved, smooth sur- face, yet one which remains firm beneath the weight of the iron. APPLE TRIPLE is delicious. Cut six penny sponge cakes in half and spread with marmalade that has bef.n made quite hot. Take the pulp of two pounds of apples:which has been stewed with sugar and lemon, and pour while hot over he cakes. When cold cover with custard and stick with split almonds.

" MADGE."

WARRINGTON CRICKET, BOWLING, AND ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL CLUB.

Slnce Autumn's shadows o'er us fell Young men have kicked the football well, With sturdy limbs they love to try Who Vlest can make the leather fly. Now winter's storms have passed away Flow cheering i 3 the brighter day ; The joyful birls in gladness sing, And budding flowers in beauty spring. New charms the lively fields can give. Where tennis bowls and cricket lire, Where youths with happy maidens gay In sunny hours delighted play. While cricket, England's noble game, Spreads th 6 bold batter's sportive fame Well pleased spectators love to see The ball hit strong and skilfully. When youth and manhood's prime is o'er, If games of strength can lure no more, On the smooth turf and velvet grass With bowls the pleasing hours we pass. Here free from every anxious care, Mid scenes so joyful, sweet and fair, From selfish strife we fain would rest With pleasure, peace and friendship blest. S. KENYON.

Warrington, April 1896.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poon sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; it prodwer natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain. and he little cherub awakes "as bright jas a:button." Of all chemists, 16.11 d. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. S OUT HWOR TIL

CR APTER XXXl.—(Continued).

Late at night Mrs. Roche heard Colonel Le Noir come into the house and enter his chamber. Poor Clara slept no more that night; anxiety, despite of all her efforts, kept her wide awake, Yet, though anxious and wakeful, by prayer and endeavour she had brought her mind into a patient and submissive mood, so that when a servant knocked at her door in the morning with a message from Colonel Le Noir that She should be ready to set forth immediately after breakfast, she replied that she should obey him, and without delay she arose and commenced her toilet. All the family met for the last time around the board. The party was constrained. The meal was a gloomy one. On rising from the table Colonel Le Noir informed his ward that his travel- ling carriage was waiting, and that her baggage was already on, and requested her to put on her bonnet and mantle, and take leave of ,her servants. Clara turned to obey. Traverse went to her side, and whispered: "Take coura,e, dear love; my horse is saddled; I shall ride in attendance upon the carriage, whe- ther that man likes it os not; nor lose sight of you for one moment until we meet Williams with his hcche.zs corpus." "Nor even then„ dear Traverse! nor even then!. You will attend me to the court and be ready to take me back to this dear, dear home !" murmured Clara, in reply, "Yes, yes, dear girl. There, be, cheerful," whispered the young than, as he pressed her hand and released it. Colonel Le Noir had been a silent but frowning spectator of this little scene, and now that Clara was leaving the room, attended by Mrs. Rocke, he called the latter back, saying: " You will be so kind as to stop here a moment, Mrs. Rocke, and you also, young man." The mother and son paused to hear what he should have to say. "I believe it is the custom here, in discharging domestics, to give a month's warning or, in lieu of that, to pay a month's wages in advance. There, woman, is the money. You will oblige me by leav- ing the house to-day, togezher with your son and all your ether trumpery—as the premises are put in charge of an agent, who will be here this after- noon, clothed with authority to eject all loiterers and intruders." , While the colonel spoke, Marah Rocke gazed at him in a panic from which she seemed unable to rouse, herself, until Traverse gravely took her hand, saying: "My dear mother„ let me conduct you from the presence of this man, who does not know how to behave himself towards women. Leave me to talk with him, and do you, dear mother, go to Miss Day, who I know is waiting for you." Marah Rocke mechanically complied, and al- lowed Traverse to lead her from the room.

When he returned, he went up to Colonel Le Noir, and standing b efore him and looking him full and sternly in the'face, said, as sternly : "Colonel Le Noir, my mother will remain h,!re, and abide the decision of the Orphan's Court; until that has been pronounced, she does not sr at your or any man's bidding." " Villain ! out of my way 1" sneered Le Noir, endeavouring to pass him. Traverse prevented him, saying: "Sir, in consideration of your age, which should be venerable, your position which should pr,ve you honourable, and of this 'sacred house of mourning in which you stand, I have endeavoured to meet all the insults you have offered me with forbearance. But, sir, I am here to defend my mother's rights and to protect her from insult. ..9nd,l tell you plainly that you have atlronted her for the very last time. One word or lock of insult levelled at Marah Roche, and neither your age, position, nor this sacred roof shall protect you from personal chastisement at the hands of her son."

Le Noir, Who h9d listened in angry scorn, with many an ejaculation of contempt, now at the con- clusion which so galled his pride, broke out furi- ously, with: "Sir, you are a bully! If you were a gentleman I would call you out." "And I should not come if you did, sir. Duelling is nu-Christian, barbarous, and abominable in the sight of God and all good men. For thereat you may call me anything you please • but do not again insult my mother, for if you do, I shall hold it a ChristiJn duty to teach yon better manners," said Traverse, coelly' taking his hat and walking from the room. He mounted his horse, and stood ready to attend Clara to Staunton. '

Colonel Le Noir ground his teeth in impotent rage, muttei ing : "Take care, young man. I shall live to be re- venged upon you yet for these artronts !". And his dastard heart burned with the fiercer malignity that he had not dared to meet the eagle eye or encounter the strong arm of the upright and stalwart young man. Gnashing his teeth with ill-suppressed fury, he strode into the hall just as Mrs. • Rocke and Clara, in her ttaselling dress, descended the -stairs.

Clara threw her arms around Mrs. Rocke's neck, and weeping, said: " Good-bye I dear, best friend ! good-bye Heaven grant it. may not be for long. Oh, pray for me that I May be sent back to you !" "May the Lord have you. in His holy keeping, my child ! I shall pray until I hear from you I" said Marah, kissing and releasing her. Colonel Le Noir than took her by the hand, led her out, and put her into the oirriage. . Just before entering, Clara had turned to take a last look at her ld home; all, friends and servants, noticed the sorrowful, anxious, almost despairing look of her pale face, which seemed to ask : " Ah, shall I ever, ever return to you, dear old home, and dear, familiar friends ?" In another instant, she bad disikppeared within the carriage—which immediately rolled off. As the carriage was heavily laden, and the road Was in a very bad condition,. it was a full hour before they reached the town of Staunton. As the carriage drew up for a few moments before the door of the principal hotel,. and Colonel Le Noir was in the act of step,,ing out, a sherifrs officer, accompanied by Dr. Williams, approached, and served upon the Colonel a writ of habeas corpus, commanding him to bring his ward, Clara Day, into court. _ _ _

Colonel Le Noir laughed scornfully, saying: "And do any of you imagine this will serve your purposes? Ha! ha! the most hat it can do will be to delay my journey tor a few hours, until the decision of the judge, which will only serve to confirm my authority beyond all future possibility of questioning." "We will see that," said Dr. Willi Ams. "Drive to the court-house," ordered Colonel Le Noir.

And the carriage, attended by Traverse Rocks, Dr. Williams, and .the sheriff's officer, each on horseback, drove thither. And now, reader, I will not trouble you with detailed account of this trial. 'Clara, clothed in deep mourning, and looking pale and terrified, was led into the-court-room on the arm of her guardian. She was fotlowed closely by her friends, Traverse Rocke and Dr. Williams,: each of whom whispered encouraing words to the orphan. As the court had no pressing business on its hands, the case was immediately taken up, the will was read and attested by the attorney, who had drawn it up, and the, witnesses who had: signed it. Then the evidence of Dr. Williams amfDr. Roche was ta,kenconeerning the last verbal instruc- tions of the deceased. The ease occupied about th cc Lours, at the end of which.the judge gave a decision in favour of Colonel Le Noir. This judgnnnt ennled consternation to the heart of Clam and ali her friends. Clara lierself•:-ank rieLrly'fainting in the arms of her old friend, ti,.; venerable Dr. NVillia,ms. . • - Traverse, in biv ei*cess of spirit, approached and bent over her., . Colcuel Noll' spoke to Ile judge. " I deeply tlmt your hewr for the prompt hearing and equAy prompt decision of this case, and I will beg your I' to order the sheriff and his:officers to 5:.43 your judgment carried into effect, as I foresee vieknt opposition, 'and wish to prevent • trouble." " Cerrainly. Mr, Sheriff, you will see that Colonel Le Noir is .itt in possession' of his ward .and prAeeted in thy, riesht until e shall have placed her in securitv,". st'll.d the judge.. Clara; on hearing these words, lifted her head• from the old man's bosom, nerved her gentle heart; and in a clear, sweet, steaiy voice, said ; "It is needless precaution, your honour ; my fri,lnis are no law-breakers; and since the Court has given me into the custAy of-my guardian, I do not•dispute its judgment—l yield myself up to Colonel Le Noir." • "You do well, young lady;" said the judge.

"I am pleased, Miss Day, to see tnat you UnCler- stand and perform your duty; believe me, I shall do all that I can to make you happy," said Colonel Le Noir. Clara replied by a gentle nod; and then, with a slight blush mantling her pure cheeks, she ad- vanced a step, and placed herself immediately in front of the judge, saying; "But there is a word that I would speak to your honour." "Say on, young lady," said the judge. And as she stood there in her deep mourning dress, with her fair hair unbound and floating softly around her pale sweet face every eye in that court was spell-bound by her almost unearthly beauty. Before proceeding with what she was about to say she turned upon Traverse a look that brought him immediately to her side. "Your honour," she began, in a low, sweet, clear tone, "I owe it to Doctor Rocke here present, who has been sadly misrepresented to you, to say (what under less serious circumstances my girl's heart would shrink from avowing so publicly) that I am his betrothed wife—sacredly betrothed to him by almost the last act of my dear father's life. I hold this engagement to be so holy that no earthly tribunal can break or disturb it. And while I bend to your honour's decision, and yield myself to the custody of my legal guardian for the period of my minority, I here, declare to , all who may be in- terested that I hold my hand and heart irrevocably pledged to Doctor Rocke, and that, as his betrothed wife, I shall consider my self bound to correspond with him regularly, and to receive him as often as he shall seek my society, until my majority, when I and all I possess will become his own. And these words I force myself to speak, your honour, both in justice to my dear lost lather and his friend Traverse Rocke, and also to myself, that hereafter no one may venture to accuse me of clandestine proceedings, or distort my actions into impro- prieties, or in any manner call in question the con- duct of my father's daughter." And, with another gentle bow, Clara retired to the side of her old friend.

" You are likely to have a troublesome charge in your ward," said the sheriff apart to the colonel, who shrulged his, aioulders by way of reply. The heart of Traverse was torn by many conflict- ing passions, emotions and. impulses.; there was indignation at the decision of the court ; grief for the loss of Clara, and dread for her future!

One instant he felt a temptation to denounce the guardian as a villain and to charge the judge with being a corrupt politician, whose decisions were swayed by party interests. The next moment he f&t an impulse to catch Clara up in his arms, fight h's way through the crowd and carry her off. But all these wild emotions, passions and impulses he succeeded in controlling. ,Too we.' he knew that rage, do violence, or com- mit extravagance as he might, the law would take its course all tie same, While his heart NV as torn in this manner, Colonel Le Noir was urging the departure of his ward. And Clara came to her • lover's side and said, gravely and sweetly : "The law, you see, has decided against us, dear Traverse,! let us bend gracefully to a decree that we cannot annul; it cannot, at least, alter our sacred relation..., ; nor can anything on earth shake our stedfast faith in each other ; let us take comfort in that, and in the thought that the years will surely roll round at length and bring the time that shall re-unite us."

"Oh, my angel-girl I my angel-girl! your patient heroism puts me to the blush, for my heart is crushed in my bosom and my firmness quite gone !" said Traverse, in a broken voice,

_ , " You will gain -firmness, dear Traverse. Patient !' / patient! you should have heard me last night! I was so impatient that Doctor Wil- liams had to lecture me. But it would be strange if one did not learn something by suffering. / have been trying all night and day to school my heart to submission, and I hope I have succeeded, Tra- verse. Bless me and bid me good-bye." "The -Lord for ever bless and keep you, my own dear angel, Clara 1" burst from the lips of Traverze : "the Lord abundantly bless you 1" "And you 1" said Clara, "Good-bye ! good-bye 1" "Good-bye." And thus they parted. Clara was hurried away and put into the carriage by her guardian. Ah ! DO one but the Lord knew how much it had cost that poor girl to maintain her fortitude during that trying scene. She bad controlled herself for the sake of her, friends. But now, when she found herself in the carriage, her long strained nerves gave way —she sank exhausted and prostrated into the corner of her seat, in the utter collapse of woe.

_ But leaving the travellers to pursue their journey, we must go back to Traverse. Almost. broken-hearted. Traverse returned to Willow _Heights to convey the sad. tidings of his disappointment to his mother's ear. .Marah Rodze was so overwhelmed with grief at the news, that she was for several hours tncapable of action.

The arrival of the house agent was the first event that recalled her to her t,enses.

She aroused herself' to action, and assisted by Traverse -set to work to 'pack up her own and his wardrobe, and other personal effects. • And the next morning 3.larali Roche was re. established in her cottage. And the next week,- having equally divided their little capital, the mother aud son parted—Traverse, by her express desire, keeping to his original pla:# set out for the Far West. Yo be continued.)

tioniG oNE BETTER. —An American gentleman was recently travelling on the London and North Western Railway from Liverpool to Chester, via Runcorn. The stranger soon struck up a conversa- tion with an Englishman sitting opposite. "You travel pretty slick in the old country, mister," said the American. "Yes sometimes 70 miles an hour." "That's pretty well; but I reckon I've seen a train in New York State go so fast that the telegraph posts looked like the teeth of a fine comb?" "Indeed ! " rejoined the Englishman, evidently not caring to pursue the subject. "This . is Runcorn Bridge fine structure, isn't it?" "Good bridge—confounded bad smell!" said the Yankee, holdin,7 hi&nose, " Ah, it's the chemical works—but 100 l how the line curves—the train makes a half turn almost in its own length !" " Wal, sir; that may Dre sharp for the old country; but I tell you we have a curve on the Alleghany 'line where the guard at the end can light his pipe , at the engine tire as the train turns. That's so mister !"

===== 0002601_18960418_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MILK IN THE COCOANUT.

PERSONS who suffer with throat affections and in- flammation of,thc lungs are too apt to consider only the local affections whatever they may be, and forget the conditions of the system which encourages them. The man who takes an ordinary, specific for bronchitis, for instance, thinks only of relieving bronchitis, without any thought that be will probably have a recurrence of the:disease, the next time his aysteni is exposed to condi- tions similar to these which caused his present attack. This was exactly the case of a gentleman who wrote the following letter : . _ _

_ "Lean hardly express my gratitude for the extreme benefit I have received from Scott's Emulsion. I have been a sufferer for many winters from bronchitis in its worst form, and I have tried all sorts of remedies (so- called), wh,n a friend happened to mention that he had been very bad and tried Scott's Emulsion, seeming to improve rapidly, and who, by the way, has completely recovered. I thought I would also give it a trial, and I find it was the best thing ever I did, as after severalttles I can defy the weathers evert fog, and suffer no inconvenience, and can go about my business in comfort. I was in a very low state in- deed when I started it, but I can go about like other people now.—Yours gratefully(signed).JOHN ROGERS, 98, Newcastle-street, Burslem, Staffordshire, January 12th, 1896." There is the "milk in the cocoanut" for you. Mr. Rogers had bad experience and knew of what he wrote. Scott's Emulsion gives relief that is permanent. It is not merely a specific for temporary benefit. It may almost be called bottled flesh and blood, for it contains the most nourishing properties of food. Cod liver oil is the basis of Scott's Emulsion, and this standard remedy is combined with the valuable nypophosphites of Lime and Soda in perfect proportions and easy for assimila- tion. Scott's Emulsion is perfectl y palatable. It is easy on the mo- t sensitive stomach, wad has augmented the ecope and effectiveness of cad liver oil a hundred fold. By its high standard of excellence and peculiar naani- pulation Scott's Emulsion stands alone. It cannot be duplicated. The genuine has trade mark of a man carrying a big fish on his back, on the wrapper. (9)

E PLAGUE OFLIF "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH:

A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH:

A "Little Cough. , Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE UT; A HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA LUNG RESTORER Registered. AND ALL CHEST Oft r UNG AND TEM RESTORER COMPLAINTS. , Never Fails. It POSSESSES THE POWr• lit 4 • LUNG to SOOIIIE. RELIETS Pnolt H ma., which exists /0%, RESTORER other preparation. - Fon COUGHS , Lu'pCODPs ESTORER , ou nivil i Never Fails. It NEVER FAILS to .---- . LUNG ' INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE i,i7sr IS A SOOTHING 1...." . T ITN G ' LIME TO THE Cl:DP'' 4,-J '. P ESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Cairn and Refreshing' 4 ' 4, kIP LUNG DOES NOT CONerli or RESTORER LA.umuluil. ()Nu"' ..1,%; Never Falb moupEu. LUNG Fon. WHOCTI'N a 0 . RESTORER COO ‘ AO' LUNG IT ACTS LIKE IL A C— RESTORER Children like it. ' Never Falls ONE 1 LIA LL'S ..1...t02D. .r,llo* LU S 6 -RESTORER PROVES ITS VA'''"AflO Registered ESTABLISHED 40 '0 GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEV, cßg RELIEF FAILS litlVP'' EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BE —,- Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls. Croya°:l 0 To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—.4 DRAB Stit,—l am Ple/A111,,, testify to!the great benefit derived from theme of y0ur.„,41 11, RESTORER, which I .hwe given to several chil"..;,-04/ my Home—in two cases part, lularly its effects were ,03, lota having cured Most obstinate Coughs. I shall be P ,g to recommend it to all my friends. CAUTION. When you' ask, ask for a Bottle of 0010 LUNG RESTORER, dont be persuaded to accept a' 1300,8 el.se. Upon the outside wrapper of every ger:014'1800 appears my Trade Mark (the figure ol' Hof%) and Beware of fraudulent imitation. ,nd innovations. , 100'10 Sold by Chemitte and Stores everywhere, , is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Should there he any di- r.v.., 'obtaining, it will he sent carriage paid, on receipt cnviesi i o, or, the amount. from Tl=os; HALL, 21,:„Quee3 i Street, Loudon . ' . . ~

-•••^•,..^..,..,.'..'...'''.'''''..''''.

N. US and mysterious on nogood, but 01 9 and I will send y D CERTAIN esre 'lc, from whatece IE, NO ELECTRIC' ) stamps for postage .London. W.O

.nD WOV3N

ook ought to be it will not harrn veniently divided Its of the changes iman. The second Dr's standpoint ; and who should nishes useful mly from an lil- ts of the marriage di marriages as ts ,f pregnancy. The Id live during the ,s of mishaps and chapter treats ct , birthmarks are pother, bat rather pter teaches hot .tople believe thss . trouble, but the ents can be made re obeyed; these 'eats of the proper baby is born. The nother till she ls' ohapter treats of how these may be. I chapter treats of cle for all women I information and ighly into matters y think too much for knowledge is {nem The btOlc SON, 25 Box. 4. lon, W., in return.

IL 0 W N

lENUINE.

he Profession t° e remedy ever as'

nedy known for ,arid Asthma. cks and arrests -Diphtheria, Fever.

Irm in DiarrhceS• and Dysentery. ;lion all attanko' L. and Spasms. 9 tive in Neural' Toothache, Bienlir

, Horneastie. ' Chlorodyne in our 3ellent direct Soils"

Lay n—an— er cause. It Induces ainable by any t advantage over so sent after effects. >liege of Physician! dajesty's Consul IP raging fearfully, rice was CHL0110"

A.CY AND

E WooD stated tho, the inventor ct of the defendato a he regretted to OP 7, 1864. id 4s. 6d. None .„.1. OLLIS BROWDIS.O tamp. Overviheltly bottle. INPORT, 33, Grea

• •

===== 0002601_18960418_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ipublitations'.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Cl

• •

===== 0002601_18960418_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMBN

The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harfa the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided Into 12 chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty,or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best age Mr marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful in- formation that one can ordinarily get only from an in- telligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as s rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats ct maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not due tolongings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth' chapter teaches hos' to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made. comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is* up and about again. The eleventh ohapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the • "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The ha* can be tied from Dr. 'X* R. ALLINSON, 25 Box. 4, Spanish-place Manchester-square, London, W., in return for a Postal order or is. id.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
. ‘-.,,-.,:.. ,iiL , ~q,. .....,0 ,

I 1J

A A

===== 0002601_18960418_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
.

ENG TEETHING. Iron of all Ages. 1' yourselves. 23. 9d., or post fre° •oprietors P, CHEADLE,

.

Li111?-3 and Cteritis

ISasr Lis', s of nev7 aricis

cent saved.

Cycles. pcst free. jp_:,XtUD2

CTURING Co. 300 i.

ETTES.

SSINETTES.

LIDGE STREET'

'rE STREET.

LIDGE STREDI'

SALE.

E of about

30st price to cies • LOOSE

)F LiFJ

Li ttl e Cough.

Cough. eO. NITUE DIAT'E trsiy INFLITENI ALL CII EST ifyi AND THOP OM PLAINTS. „ regP ;13SSES TqC PO 'TO 0111 E, RELIEVE °I „ which exists ill'

preparation.

'OUGES OR CO. BR FAIL.; _to alsrs 'ANT RELIZF.

IRST DOsS . SOOTHING ro- E TO TIIE COI*

:3ES SL EEL) and Refreshing. of NOT CONor DkNua, opitlob, PH lA.

VIIOCYING a CUO6vr ft* 173 LIKE iliciren bite 191 noT/LO,' •L 02D. VES ITS VAINI.I.O 3I.ISIIED 40 iflo- NEVES FAILS. [TNEss BEA,II'- )r Girls, Crovaort• 11,—I arn the use of your I its several chilar'474ol, s effects were ro!':3J he. I shall be t Bottle of b accept 41i1Oti! Very ganai)e pit° I:GPE) and SiO a no vat ions . Ott0 rywhere jOP:tv .e ally di:oou'r . on re,:eipi, 21,; Quee.a •

===== 0002601_18960418_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIERE IS ONE BEVF,RAGR SUITABLE for all 1 AN INDESCRIBABLE • SEASONS of the YBAR. Amid Spring's ethereal mild- • summer's long and sunny days. autumn's golden SENSATION. "Lures. and especially winte-'s unkindly blasts, a COP OF GOOD COFFEE i 8 ever acceptable. It To be easily described a thing must have clear outlines the hichvale:.drs and enlivens the robust, it stimulates and nerves and unmixed colours. In other words it must be simple. pRENCLI COFFEE hag ever had the highest A rent in one's clothing, a boil On one's body, a tumble ... _ reputation, and it is therefore satisfactory to know that Z,npglisli house of high reputation such as Messrs. BAR- while walking, the shape of a box, So., are easily set g';'`ii 8 can supply us with the luxury of the finest FRBNCH .uFFEB forth in words. On the contrary. the complex and com- as used in Paris. roasted on the French principle. Anbe.clra_ost carefully blended in proper Proportioas with the prehensive things puzzle the mind and take the meaning • ~, Burges chicory. "so highly recommended by the LacUlty," Shill' This luxury is sold in canister complete at One from language. 2,.. Lig per Pound, or Two Pound Tins free by post for It was for this reason that Miss Sabina Mitchell,allud- . 6d. to every post town in the United Kingdom and Cha- lyre! Islands. Lat•ge parcels carriage fr.A. ESSRS. BARBER'S HIGH-CLASS TEAS and a COFFEES are much APPRBCIATBD.—Vide " Court °UMW' September 21st 1895 Price list sent free. 61 BISHOPSGATE STROP: f, N.C. ; 274, Regent 5 Circus, W. ; 102, Wrstbourne Grove, -And Birmingham. W. ; Brighton X

lug to an experience of illness, says : "At this time 1 there came upon me an indescribab/e serration. It was las if the powers of life were going to fail me, and I

should sink down without help, as a stone sinks in water. Yet in saying this I convey no adequate idea of the nature of that feeling. I hope I shall never have it again.

&trapping gottfes.

"The illness which led to it began in the spring of 1892. My health appeared to give way all ab once. I found myself tired, heavy, and feeble. My, appetite was poor,and after eatilig I had much distress at the stomach and pain at the chest and sides. My strength gradually declined and I became very low, weak and nervous; and it was when in this condition that I felt the indescribable

sensation I have spoken of. "I soon became so depressed in body and mind that it was with great lablur and strain that I attended to my business. I was extremely downhearted and feeble, and none of the many medicines I tried did me any real good. In December, .1892, Mother Seigel's Syrup was commended to me,and I began using it with, I confess, , small confidence. But after having taken it for a few days I felt wonderful relief. My appetite improved,and eating no longer gave me pain. A short time afterwards the Syrup proved its value in the matter of my dis,. ordered nerves. The nervousness disappeared with my

increasing strerigth. Nowadays, whenever I need any medicine,a few doses of Mother SeigePs Syrup quickly

set me right. Having had so convincing an experience of what it can do,I recommend it to all my friends and

customers. You can make such use as you like of this letter. (Signed), (Miss) Sabina Mitchell, Marcham-le- Fen, Boston, Lines, May 17th, 1895." "In March, 1892," writes another lady, "my health began to give way. I had lost my energy, and was lan- guid and heavy in feeling. I had a sense of faintness and dizziness that was almost constant, and occasional spells of sinking which I cannot describe. Hot and cold flushes came ever me, my mouth tasted badly,and after eating I had a feeling at the chest like the pres- sure of an actual load upon it. I never seemed rested, and awoke in the morning more tired than I went to bed. I was also much troubled with wind or gas from the stomach, and raised a sour biting fluid. "In this manner I continued to suffer for nearly two years, no medicine that I took giving me any relief. In January, 1894, I got a small book and read in it of cases like mine having been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. I immediately procured the medicine from Boots' Drug Stores, and after taking it about ten days felt much better. I could eat something nourish ing without any pain following. I kept on with the Syrup an was soon in my former good health once more. You have my permission to make this state- ment public. (Signed) (Mrs, Ann Shaw, 174, Barnsley- road, Batsmoor, Sheffield, March Bth, 1895." Touching the" indescribable sensation" alluded to by both ladies, an eminent medical author says : "It is syncope without the loss of consciousness. The sufferer has the keenest realisation of the bitterness of dissolution. I have Fieen stalwart men unnerved and shaken by such experiences till they tremble like aspen leaves." The cause is an acid poison in the blood produced by indigestion or dyspepsia. The remedy is to purify the blood with Mother Seigel's Syrup, and to tone the stomach in the same way. Use the Syrup on the ap- proach of the earliest signs of weakness.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SWIMMING CLUB.

THE POLO FIXTURES. There was a fair attendance at the annual general meeting of the members of the above-mentioned club on Tuesday evening, held at the Baths. Legh-street. Mr. C. Wood was voted to the chair. In the absence of the treasurer (Mr. H. Toft), Mr. D. Walsh read the state- ment of accounts. The total receipts amounted to £49 19s. Eld. After meeting all expenses there was a balance in hand of £2 7s. 4d., as compared with £7 2s. 10d. in hand at the commencement of the year. Mr. Walsh ex- plained that there had been a number of items which came under extraordinary expenditure, and which were not likely to occur this year.—The accounts were passed on the proposition of Mr. Scotson,seconded by Mr. Reid. —Mr. Critchley proposed several alterations to the rules. He suggested that the committee should consist of eight Instead of twelve members, and the ex-officio members. He found from experience that small committees worked best. No one supported the alteration, and it therefore fell to the ground. Mr. Critchley proposed, and it was agreed to,that the annuli Meeting of the club be held early in December,instead of in April. It was also de- cided, on Mr. Critchley's suggestion, that seven days' notice of motion be given to the secretary, instead of fourteen as hitherto. The election of officers was then ; er proceeded with, and resulted as follows :—Councillor Percy Davies. president Mr. Robert Pi ntM .P" Councillor Roberts,Mr. Thomas Morris. Mr. John Hough- ton, Mr. Luke Talbot (chief constable),with poi the mem- bers of the Baths' Committee. vice-presidents; Mr. D. Walsh, secretary ; Mr. Wright, assistant secre- tary; Mr. H. Toft, treasurer; Mr. T. Locker, captain; and Mr. Scotson, sub-captain. The fol- lowing members were appointed on the committee on the motion of Mr. Sherlock,seconded by Mr. Scotson: Messrs. Critchley, Grounds, Reid, Wilson, Garaide, Bea- man, Creighton, W. Ashton, Robertson, Wood, Harding and Hatton. Mr. Grounds was appointed a delegate to the Liverpool and District Polo Association, and Mr. Locker to the Northern Counties Association.—The Chairman said the rules of the club,Nvere in a very crude form, and did not meet their requirements. He thought a sub-committee should be appointed to revise the rules. This was agreed to, and the following were appointed a sub-committee for the purpose :—Messrs. Scotson, Locker, Critchley, GroundS, Beaman. Wood, and Gar- side.—A vote of thanks was passed to the officers of the pthliomu egnhtt ewl ua bs ef xo rt, ethhdeci or pt oa s the h se e pr vr ei 8 .9_, amnrd. Gar 0 sui timdi sl asra de ohme , Mr. Barlow deserved some slight recognition for the extra work which had devolved upon him in connection with the club.—On the proposition of Mr. Scotson it was decided that a testimonial should be made to Mr. Barlow, the form to be decided upon by the committee.—Mr.Grounds thought they might admit ladies as members of the Swimming Club, but this sug- gestion did not receive any support.—Mr.' alsh read the fixtures which had been arranged for the club in coo- 'section with the Liverpool and District Polo Association. He stated that this year Warrington had been placed in the "A" division. The fixtures are as follows : May 21 Sefton.. away June 23 Sefton home July 7 St. Helens away July 14 St .Helens home July 29 August 4 Angust 27 September 1 West Liverpool home

===== 0002601_18960418_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
_-4.,..-. THE PNEUMATIC TYRE COMPANY.

&t an extraordinary general meeting in Dublin on 'Mon- day of the Pneumatic Tyre Company a resolution was passed authorising the disposal of th 9 Compiny to an English syndicate for £3,000,000. The Chairman ex- plained that he had received a deposit of £loo,ooo,which would become the property of the Company if the pur- chase arrangements were not carried out. He mentioned that the shareholders had proviaed £75,000 in capital and £185,000 in premiums, and had received £657,000 in dividends, while it was now proposed to 2ive them £2,887,500, making altogether a total of some £3,545,000 in exchange for the money provided by them. A feature of the scheme adopted is to fetal,' £BO,OOO for distribution among the employes when the sale is com- pleted.

...............- A CARD

KNOWN as Rev. Joseph Holmes' Mexican Prescription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weakness, exhausted vitality- kidney or bladder diseases, gravel, prostate, spinal weak- ness, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test for twenty years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Jos. HOLMES' Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Man 1 sions, Bloomsbury Square, London, and get full particulars of this great specific free of charge. Mention whether for male or female, Beware of fraudulent imitators.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKMEN

CORDIALLY INVITE AN INSPECTION OF ALL THEIR DEPARTMENTS.

8 & 101 HORSEMARKET STREET, _

WARRINgTo.N.

LACE CURTAINS DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURERS. I - IHR RAPP* ROME PARCEL.-1 Pair elegant Draw- , tp., , 13,6 aoom Curtains 4 ds. long. 2 yds. wide ; 1 pair splendid 1-5 „, nlng Room CurtainsY 3} yds. long, 52 in. wide; 1 pair ,wrieakfast Room Curtains, floral style, 3 yds. long, 48 in. svil: ; 1 Pair pretty Bedroom Curtains. 3yds• long, 40 in. ,',;,andlcerehief. 1. tr ' ‘ABL TA.PED EDGES) ; 1 Lace Cushion Cover, 1 Lace 2 yds Fancy Lace' 12 yds. Crochet Edging. 'tie lo Car. Paid, 17s 6d. Whits or Ecru. SUCH HANDSOME if 'ITETIA.B NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Money returned 1111• i 1(4 approved Picture Book of Lace Curtains, Roller t aFrilled Curtti rill ds s"' Lace, Post Free. ROLLER or m..)at 1,71:S; edged with Lace or Fringe, from ss. 6d. Samples 1 4 T. nals on approval. ' eORRINGS & Co., 56 DEPT., NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r-1 0 .7:

===== 0002601_18960418_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
}-4 ~1 .a

CZ

1-1 CS) .

C.:, t\ - _ .. _ _ . 1

"t;IILY THE BESI

THE M.O.D.

I CUTTERS AND

AMPLOYED.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ti , et 5.X R T el 'a -30 a 3

t t ca, g 1-1

I-. C:

CZ CZ -------.. D., CI)

CZ an r 1 01 ---.... I

)4=ali. 42.

v-1 •

===== 0002601_18960418_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 18, 1896

they might be able to accommodate any traffic, the next week they could not do so. Last year he dredged from the canal one million cabin yards of deposit; since the canal was opened in 1891 he had taken trout it 1,950,000 cubic yards. Re attributed the necessity for dredging almost entirely to the existence of the tidal openings. Mr. Freeman questioned the witness in regard to Wid- nes. The dredging of the canal at the Runcorn tidal opening, he said, cost £lB,OOO last year. If you, by closing the tidal openings, damage the approaches•to Widnes docks, will you dredge these P-- We will come under the same obligation as we came under in 1885. The Committee adjourned, Mr. Pope and other counsel expressing a desire to consider Mr. Elunter's evidence in chief before questioning him upon it.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL BILL.

THE PROPOSED ABOLITION OF THE TIDAL OPENINGS. The Bill promoted by the Manchester Ship Canal COM- pany for the purpose, inter alia, of obtaining power to close the tidal openings into the Mersey, on Tuesday came before a Select Committee of the House ef Com- mons, of which Mr. Blake is chairman. The promoters were represented by Mr. Pember, Q.C. Mr. Fletcher Moulton, Q.C., Mr. Balfour Browne. Q.C., and Mr. Gra- ham. The petitioners against the Bill included the Cor- poration of Liverpoel, represented by Mr. Pope, Q C.; the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board, represented by Mr. Pope, Q.C., Mr. Worsley Taylor, Q.C., Mr.Squarey, and Mr. T. R. Hughes ; the London and North-Western Railway, represented by Mr. Pope, Q.C., Mr. Littler, Q C., and Mr. Moon; the Weaver Navigation Trustees, represented by Mr. Pope, Q.C., and Mr. Moon ; the Cor- poration of Warrington' represented by Mr. Pembroke Stephens, Q.C.; the Salt Union, Limited, represented ley Mr. Freeman, Q.C.; the Corporation of Widnes, the United Alkali Company, and others, represented by Mr. Freeman, Q.C., and Mr. S warey ; Brunner, Mond, and Co. represented by Mr. Worsley Taylor, Q.C., and Mr. H. Parker Lowe; the Rural District Council of Runcorn represented by Mr. E. Pollock, Q.C., and Mr. H. Lloyd ; the Cheshire County Council, repre- sented by Mr.ll. Lloyd ; the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company, represented by Mr. Littler, Q.C., and Mr. Moon ; Corporation of Birkenhead, represented by Mr. Squarey ; the Marquis of Cholmondeley, and others, represented by Mr. Reader Harris, Q.C. ; the trustees of the Ate Mr. E. W. Park-Yates,represented by Sir W. T. Marriott, Q.C. ; while there were also several other private petitioners against the Bill, for whom counsel including Mr. Blennerhassett, Q.C., Mr. Shaw, and others appeared. Mr. Pember said that this was a Bill with various ob- jects,and he would first take that which concerned the greater number of opponents and ask for a decision upon it. That part was the proposal to close certain tidal openings in the embankment of the canal on the side of the estuary of the Mersey. The canal was tidal from Latchford Locks to Eastham, a distance of 21 miles. At the time cf the inception ot the canal it was not thoroughly understood what effect its making would have upon the Mersey,and these openings were provided. on the supposition that the estuary would be benefited It was also thought that they would be innocuous to the canal, but experience—and that was his case—had shown that they were not necessary for the benefit of the estuary, and that they were very harmful to the canal in several ways. In the first place they created cross-currents in the canal, this tidal water pouring in at right angles to the longitudinal current. These cross- currents were most inconvenient, to say the least. Secondly, these openings let in an enormous amount of silt, with which the waters of the Mersey were heavily charged. To enab.athem to judge of the amount of the silt he might state that in the course of the three years since the opening of tha banal no less than 1,9b0,000 cubic yards of silt had been dredged out of the canal from the tidal portion. In the third place, a very great expense in dredging was consequently incurred. Not only was there the expense, but as the deposit took place very rapidly it decreased the available depth for the purposes of navigation before it could be removed, so much so that instead of there being the full depth of 26ft. it was often two or three feet less. The result was that the repute of the canal as a highway for the largest sea-going traders was considerably impaired. More than that, the canal was cumbered throughout its ttdal length ' with the necessary dredging plant. There was one other item which he must not forget, and that was the irrup- tion of floe ice in the winter time. There had been one severe winter—that of 189—since the canal was opened and there was an immense amount of such ice carried from the estuary of the Mersey into the canal, causing a very serious drawback to the navigation. Mr. Pember proceeded to contend that the closing of the tidal open- ings as proposed would restore some six or seven million cubic yards of water to the estuary, and said that when the works were completed the only influx or efflux of tidal water would be through the sluices. The Chairman: Two-thirds of the water which you acknowledge to be abstracted at present will be left to the estuary by the closing of the tidal openings? Mr. Pember replied that that was so. He added that one of the towns most interested in the upper regiod of the Mersey was Warrington, and Warrington was so thoroughly satisfied as to the harmlessness of the change proposed that she did not oppose the bill, in spite of the fact that she had an engineer so eminent as Mr. Wolff Barry. Mr. Pembroke Stephens intimated that this statement was not quite accurate, though Warrington had every hope of being able to agree. Mr. Pember: I understood an agreement had been arrived at. Mr. Pembroke Stephens : On certain points. Dealing with opinions against the bill Mr. Pember said that some petitioners expressed the fear that the Company might intend to raise the water level in the canal, with the view of saving dredging, but that was a very " fine " fear. The limitation of the headway of ships by tbe railway bridges was the safeguard for these petitioners. The Company could not afford to lose that headway. What the Company hoped to achive by the closing cf the .tidal openings was a reduction of the dredging, the necessity for which arose in the main from silt brought in by the tide. Certain landowners represented that their lands were just above the level of the water in the canal, and that at certain times their drains were waterlocked by the water of the canal being above the ordinary level, and they feared that any de- lay of the going down of the ebb tide would increase the period during which the draies were locked. The Company, however,proposed to take means to remove the possibility of damage in consequence of the retarda- tion of the ebb. It was also suggested by petitioners that the closing of the tidal openings might cause the canal water to become more stagnant, and interfere with the health of those who lived on the banks of the canal. But as a matter of fact the population along the banks was very sparse, and the towns which had been the worst offenders ih discharging sewage into the canal were gradually setting their houses in order, the conse- quence being that the condition of the water was im- proving month by month. A vast amount of objection- able matter entered the canal from the estuary through the tidal openings,and the closing of the openings would keep that out in future. Evidence for the promoters was theficalled. Mr. J. K. Bythell, chairman ot the Ship Canal Com- pany, examined by Mr. Moulton, Q.C., said owners of vessels objected to allow their ships to pass the tidal openings while the water was flowing through, because of the cross current, and frequently a large steamer would lose a day in the voyage from Manchester to Liverpool in consequence of having to be tied up. The inflow of silt from the estuary was so great that after a storm there would be a deposit of two or three feet, and vessels of a deep draft were unable to continue their journey. The Company had eight large dredgers, two sea-going hoppers, a dozen flats, and a great many barges at work. There was no doubt whatever that the drainage from the upper reaches caused a deposit in the estuary which was washed through the tidal openings into the canal. During severe winter weather no diffi- culty had been caused by ice forming in the canal. The difficulty was occasioned by the large amount of floe ice which came through the tidal openings. As to the height of the water, during the ebb tide they proposed to always lower it te the normal height. Cross-examined by Mr. Reader Heins, Q.C.,_ witness said he was not aware that the Ship Canal Company were bound by any Act to have any particular headway. In reply to Mr. Freeman, Q.C., he said an uninter- rupted watercourse was very important to Widnes, be- cause ,of its large trade with Liverpool, Northwich, Winsford, and other places. Widnes had objected to the proposal of the Canal Company to make certain open- ings near the lock there, because it would interfere with the access to the Widnes Docks, and a tidal opening was fixed in the position suggested by Widnes. That was one of the openings the Ship Canal Company were pro- posing to close. More silt came through this opening than through any of the others. Mr. Pope: Your case is based upon this. These open- ings injure the canal, and they do not benefit the estu- ary ?—Yes, and further, that they diminish the flow in the upper part of the estuary. Are you content to try the question upon that issue that these tidal openings injure the canal, and do not benefit the Mersey ?—There are other grounds. We say that we shall benefit the other parts of the river by res- toring water now taken by the canal. The Chairman: I think you may assume that we are not going to destroy the Mersey estuary. Mr. Pope: It has never been asserted that the con- etruction of the canal would destroy the estuary of the Mersey. Mr. Pember : In 1885 Mr. Steveven said it would be covered with arass.—(Laughter.) Mr. Pope: r•That was the upper portion. What is the cost of dredging ?—We spend at the rate of £50,000 a year on dredging, and the greater part was spent on the tidal portion of the canal. The Committee at the close of Mr. Bythell's evidence adjourned.

The consideration of the bill, was resumed on Wednes- day by a committee of the House of Commons, consist- ing of Mr. Blake (chairman), Mr. Fardell, Mr. Samuel (Stockton-on-Tees), and Mr. J. Heywood Johnstone. Mr. W. 11. Hunter, engineer to the company, was of opinion that the diversion of the estuary water into the canal by the tidal openings had somewhat reduced the level of high water at Warrington, and to a lesser degree at Runcorn. The estuary of the Mersey above the nar- rows was encumbered by banks of silt, alluvial, and sew- age, largely formed from the waste discharged by adjoin- ing- pits. The sewage also came from Liverpool (which had no system of treating its sewage), Garston, Widnes, Warrington, Runcorn, and Birkenhead. He estimated the quantity of untreated swage discharged from these places into the estuary at 340,000 tons a year. Even where the banks appeared to be sand, there was found to be sewage below. The canal was practically a catch. pit for the refuse that was carried into it through the tidal openings. Dredging was a source of enormous expense, and emp'oyed 30 vessels. Shoals of mud formed with incredible rapidity, so that while one week

===== 0002601_18960418_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
DANGERS OF SPRING.

"I ought to take some Spring medicine ; I must take Something, I feel so miserable." Such a remark as this is often heard at this time of the year. Nearly everyone seems to feel the need of some remedy, because the passing from Winter to Spring, with its resulting changes in clothing, food, and exercise, has a very trying effect on the system. After the severe strains of Winter, the health of most people is not so good as it ought to be. The appearance of warm ' Spring days finds them weak and debilitated, feeling the need of tone and strength. The best physicians say that this weak condition is caused by the liver being out of order. There is too much bile in the system. This brings on Dyspepsia and other miserable feelings which make life a burden. When the liver is irregular in its action the complexion becomes pale and sallow, taere is a sense of oppression after eating, bloating and biliousness. Bark-aches, side aches, and head-aches depress the spirits, making the sufferer feel discouraged and despondent. It was to cure these disorders of the system that Warner's Safe Cure was especially designed. For the past fifteen years this remedy has been before the public and achieved a success never equalled in the history of medicine, not only in Great Britain and Ireland, but in Germany, France, and Australia. It permanently cures all Liver, Kidney, and Nervous disorders. It builds up the system and gives new life. INow is the time to put the system in sound condition. This is the season to lay ia a stock of health to carry von through the year. Nature demands the use of an effec- tive and timely remedy. , ,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW A BUDGET SPEECH IS REPORTED.

In the "Windsor Magazine" for April, a brightly written article, by John Rendle, gives an account of the "Budget Night in the House of Commons from a press- man's point of view : " If you ask the gentlemen in the Press Gallery," says the writer, "you will find that, though they deal with whltever happens in Parliament in a cheery and unob- trusive bid confident manner, they have very strong convictions about Parliamentary oratory. Chancellors may hum' and ha,' and yes ' and ' no,' get into polemical quagmires, stick in the fiscal mud, and indeed commit any Parliamentary atrocity of which a human being can be capable, yet our friends in the Gallery are ' never flurried or flustered or lose that quiet confidence so necessary for Press work in Parliament. These big nights in the Press Gallery would never go smoothly if intellectual capacity were not commandingly superior to both the quality and quantity of the raw material to be dealt with. To struggle with a mass of shorthand notes full, it may be, of gaps through non-hearing and wrong words,threughmiss hearing,figures muddled up,sentences that will not read,statements that are directly opposed to statements in another part of the Speech, in order that when it is presented to the public, it shall read gram- matically and intelligibly, and be understood by the ordinary newspaper reader, if he should wish to read it, is literary work, demanding skill and discretion, which is really the Measure of the capacity of the Press repre- sentatives in Parliament to cope with the great and im- portant questions that necessarily arise. On these big nights, when the various reporting corps are in their full strength, when leader-writers and summary-writers eagerly devour the Chancellor's proposals and the special points of the debate that follows; when each proposal,as it comes hot from the Minister's lips, is immediately put on the wires in the telegraph room and sent to all parts of the kingdom and the world for the use of news- papers and individuals ; hen the writing rooms, glow- ing under the electric light, are filled with busy Press- men engaged in making their reports ; when sketch writers are describing the scene in the House and London letter 'writers are dealing with the latest tips from the Lobby; when messengers are here, there, and everywhere, collecting 'copy' for the London as well as for he Provincial Press ; when the well-known click of the telegraph instruments is almost unceasingly heard the sitting through—here you find work being done quietly, but surely and effectively, requiring diligence, acuteness, knowledge and rapidity."

===== 0002601_18960418_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

During the week, which was the 14th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births.

Deaths. 20

Warrington 49 Latchford 5

Total 54

The excess of births over deaths was 31. The death rate from all causes was equal to 20.5 per I,ooo,against 201 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 18 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zynaotic diseases was equal to 2.4 per 1,000, against 1.7 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against Nil the corresponding week of 1895. The ages of mortality were- - 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 9 3 1 6 4 23

The deaths included-2 from measles, 1 from scarlet fever (of Earlestown) 2 from phthisis. 1 from cancer, 2 from old age, 1 from heart disease, 7 from lung dis- eage. 1 from brain disease, 2 from debility. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever,3 eases. Total number of patients in hospital on April 4th-11. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 40.7 Fah., and therefore 4•3 degrees colder than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 54F.. was recorded on the 4th inst., and the minimum temperature 30F., on the 2nd inst. The Rainfall measured *l4 inch. The general direc- tion of the wind was N.E. The reading of the Anemo- meter denoting 1,235 miles. JOHN H. GORNALL, '4.edical Officer of Health.

Mr. Richard M. Adams, a well-known Nottingham lace manufacturer, has died frum the effects of a bicycle accident. It seems that Mr. Adams was not accustomed to much cycling. He had only had one ride before this season.

HOOD'S PILLS Cure all liver ills, sick headache, biliousness.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

M. Jules Simon tells rather a pretty story in the "Revue de Paris," and as the annals of the Franco-Ger- man war afford but few examples of similar episodes is quite worth zepeating. The late maestro Ambroise Thomas remained in Paris throughout the Beige and the Commune. As soon as things had quieted down, his first care was to visit his charming suburban villa at Argenteuil, expectiqg to find a mere heap of ruins, for that quarter had suffered much at the hands of the in- vadors. To his intense surprise he found the ornamen- tal iron gate close&the garden well tended and trim, the home itself in perfect order. In a stateof bewilderment he opened the front door and entered !the dining-room, where a clue to the mystery met his byes. On the table lay a card bearing the name of his unwelcome tenant, a German officer of distinction,underneath whose military title were pencilled the words," Meyerbeer's nephew.'

Parisians are showing much onterprise in introducing motor cars into their streets. There are a great number of these horseless vehicles in Paris, and as they run along at a greater speed than the ordinary carriages they add considerably to the dangers of the road,already sufficiently great. Most of the vehicles are constructed after the model of a large bath-chair, and seat only two or three people at the outside.

William Rontgen, who has leaped to fame so decidedly in connection with the'much-discussed X rays, has just turned his half-century of years. He has been a profes- sor in the Wurzburg University since 1888, and for the nine years previous was assistant to Professor Sundt. The Usiversity of Zurich had the distinction of educating

Apropos of the multitude of divorces and second and third marriages that have taken place in the section of American society that seethes round the Vandertilts,and the latest excitement, the marriage of Mrs. W. B. Van- derbilt to Mr. Belmont, the following little tale says "The Man of the World," is not amiss :—" At a childs' party little Miss Belmont, the daughter of Mrs. George Rives, once Mrs. 0. H. P. Belmont, found herself danc- ing in the same set with the youngest Vanderbilt boy. With perfect New York fin de siècle nonchalance she said to him: ' I hear that you have a new papa at your house. How do you like him? He was my papa once I'"

Bismarck hates being stared at. "it is not very pleasant to have an opera-glass levelled at_you at four- teen paces or a revolver at four," he says. But he does not object to interviewers. " I refused myself to three diplomats, he said one day, "but I received four journ- alists. I learned more from the than I should have done from the others."

Aristocracies in different places and ages have prided themselves on many different things. One of the queer- est, perhaps, is the laristocracy according to cheeses, which, according to the " Neue Zuricher Zeitung," pre- vails among the patricians of Zermatt. . The aristocracy of families is valued by the number and age of the cheeses they possess. There are families who possess cheeses made at the time of the French Revolution. When a child is born, a cheese is manufactured,which is then called by the name of the child. It is partly eaten when its namesake gets married, each wedding guest , tasting a portion. The cheese is then put away again, and finally cut into and finishei at the funeral of the person whose name it bears. When a young man woos a maiden he begs to be allowed to dine with her family on a Sunday: His offer being accepted, the lovers wait anxiously to see whether the girl's father will cause the cheese to be set on the table. At the end of the long meal, if all goes well, the master of the house solemnly fetches the cheese bearing the would-be bride's name,sets it on the table, cuts it, and gives a piece to the young couple. When they have eaten it they are a betrothed pair. The others at the table partake of the cheese and drink to the eternal friendship of the two families.

The porpoise which early last week went up the Thames as far as Twickenham has, thanks to the "sportsmen "who hunted it, met with a wretched death. The animal was discovered stranded on the mud at Chiswick bleeding from the mouth and back,and died shortly after being found. On examination there were found several harpoon wounds and a deep hole which appeared to have been inflicted by a bullet,while below the dorsal fin there was a large deep gash which had been caused by the propeller of some tug. The poor hunted-tn-death mammal, which died from its in- pries, was a very fine specimen of the porpoise, weigh- ing nearly 9001 b., its measurement being—Length lift. 3in.; girth, sft: ; and width across tail (which was beau- tifully shaped), 2ft. 41n.

It has been decided that the challenge cup which the Commander-in-Chief has recently given for a competi- tion in riding and shooting by cyclist sections of Volun- teer corps shall be contested for the first time at Risley on Saturday, May 2. Each cyclist team is to consist ot eight men under an officer. They will start from Thames Ditton, and fellow routes which will make them cover forty-four miles in getting to the firing-point. ,the ride being in marching order and military formation. At the range they will fire ten volleys at 600 yards and 500, after which each man will fire five rounds independently. The rules have been drawn up by a committee of Regu- lar and Volunteer officers who are themselves cyclists and have given much attention to the adapt‘tion of cycles to military purposes, Major General Strawy being at their head.

A telegram from Italy conveys a piece of curious and rather ghastly information. In response to a demand of General Baldissera, three" experienced mechanics" are about to leave for Massowah to arrange artificial legs for the soldiers and Ascari in Africa who have lost their limbs. One hundred artificial legs have already been forwarded to Africa. Nearly all those who have suf- fered amputation are Ascari or natives, who were made prisoners at the battle of Adua, and who were.mutilated by the Shoens.

Considerable sensation has been occasioned in Ameri- can scientific circles by a claim put forward on behalf of Professors Pratt, Wrightman and Bennett, of the Medical College, Cioicago, to the effect that they have discovered that Rontgen rays are able to kill the bacteria of cholera, diphtheria, pneumonia, influenza, glanders, typhoid, tuberculosis and anthrax.

A plan of separating the sexes during public worship, I tried in a Bristol church, has ended in the appearance of several people before the local magistrates. Sum- monses for assault were heard on Monday against two churchwardens of St. Simon's,in that city,narnely, Win. Stagg and William Frost, the complainant being a parishioner, named Samuel Blower. A number of parishioners opposed the separation of the sexes, and in- sisted on sitting with thrir families. Complainant was one of these, and there were difficulties on successive Sundays, culminating in a scene at the evening service of Sunday week, when,it was alleged, an attempt was made to eject Blower from the women's side of the church, where he was with his wife and daughter. He said that when he declined to move Stagg tried to pull him from the pow,but he held to the benches. Witnesses calculated that the struggle lasted from seven to fifteen minutes,and con'sternation was caused amongst the con- gregation. Complainant, was mistaken about Frost, whom he had confused with another man,who was called as a witness,and the summons against Frost was dis- missed. Counsel deniod that Stagg had used any violence, and claimed for the churchwardens the power of constables under the Brawling Act. It was contended for the prosecution that the discretionary power ot Stagg had been exceeded, and the magistrates regarded the legal points involved as so important that they com- mitted Stagg for trial at the Quarter Sessions in order to get the decision of the Recorder.

In 1893 three men who have since become world famous, were at the University of Strasburg, although they were then unknown to one another or to fame. They were Paderewski, Röntgen and Tesla. Paderewski, was at that time an instrdctor in music in the Univer- sity; Röntgen was a professor of physics, and Tesla was installing the electric light plant in the University. Of the three men, Rontgen was the last to achieve fame. When his X-ray discovery was announced, the recognition of his work was prompt, and now he is Baron Röntgen. Tesla has declined several offers of titles and decorations made to him by rulers of foreign countries, but takes a proper pride in the honours con- ferred upon him by scientific bodies in different parts of the world ; and the whole world of art delights in hon- ouring Paderewski.

The "St. James's Gazette" says :—A member of a well-known shipping firm writes to us to say that it is within his knowledge that German coal is actually being shipped for England. This further instance of the pro- gress which Germany is making in competing with this country is certainly rather startling. Our correspon- dent has it on the best authority that charters are being concluded to bring Westphalian coal from Duisburg, Hoetaelt, or Ruhrort-on-the-Rhine to London. The answers to the question how such competition can be explained is very simple. The German State railways carry coal for export at a nominal rate, and the carriage thus saved acts exactly as a bounty on export.

There was a large attendance of borough magistrates at the Preston Police Court on Wednesday, when the Mayor presided. The general public also mustered in strong force, presumably owing to a charge of assault in which some extraordinary allegations were made. The defendant is a boy named Herbert Berry, 14 years old, described as a pupil teacher at St. Mary's Church Schools, and he is charged with assaulting three of the scholars, named James Scanlon, Alexander Cardwell, and John Billington. The allegations are said to be that Berry gave each of the scholars named the alternative of having a tooth drawn or being caned for misconduct, and sound teeth are said to have been drawn from their gums. On the case being called, Mr. W. Blackhurst, for the defendant, asked thtt it might be adjourned, as it would be necessary to call a number of witnesses who were not available. After some discussion the hearing was adjourned until Tuesday next.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
I FRE C i SALVATIONIST

TROUBLE.

The Salvation Army is making itself known in France. A well-known medical man of Paris, Dr. Thierry Mieg, decorated with the Legion of Honour, had a startling experience the other day when ,a lady of the French " Army " made her way to his surgery. Exhausted by marching, hard work, cold, damp, and privation—in a terrible condition of nerveus breakdown —this girl (for she was little more) had actually to be supported in the waiting room by two or three of the hundreds who throng thelamous doctor's clinic. France, which is behind England in every other respect, honour- ably takes the lead in one matter. French physicians will prescribe whatever remedy will cure their patient. In this case, Dr. Thierry Mieg at once prescribed Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. In his own words this treatment " wrought a miracle."

"Dear Doctor," . the lady wrote (of course in French), only a few days afterwards, "thanks for the second box of Pills which!! y.su have sent me. I cannot sufficiently thank God for the good that has been procured to me by Dr. Williams' Pills, on which I am sure He has cast His benediction. lam not the same person I was a few months ago. I could never have done the work which I am to-day able to accomplish. I cannot tell you how much they have done for me. I suffered in the head,in the limbs,and especially with ex- treme nervousness. Under the influence of the Pills you gave me I have been able to march,to work hard, and to assist every evening at the services of the 'Army. without

fatigue. "For yourself Amy dear doctor, I pray that heaven may richly bless you fcr all that you have done for me and my sisters of the Salvation Army.—Ensign Bon-

jour."- Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure not only in cases of nervous breakdown, bat all the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood and nerves, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness,loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back,nervous headache,early decay, all form of female weakness,hysteria, paralysis,locomo- tor ataxy, sciatica, palpitations,low vitality,and wasting strength from any cause. These Pills are genuine only with the full name, Dr. NI illiams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and by Dr. Williams, Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.C.. at 23. 9d. a box,or six for 133. 9d. They are unrivalled as a tonic and strengthening medicine for both sexes.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday Mr. BRODRICK questioned by Mr. P. O'Brien as to the disposal of the £l,BOO which had been put on the Army Estimates as an extra allowance to the Duke of Cambridge, said the vote would simply be withdrawn. Mr. LONG, replying to Mr. Price, said he had received a resolution passed by the Canadian House of Commons protesting against the permanent exclusion of Canadian cattle on the ground of the existence of pleuro-pneu- monia in Canada,but,while regretting that on any ques- tion they should find themselves unable to accede to the wishes of the Canadian Government, Her Majesty's Government felt that it was not possible, consistently with the interests of agriculture at home, to postpone legislation on the subject until further experiments had deciced the point at issue. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN informed Mr. G. Wyndham that he was unable to say when he would be able to lay addi- tional papers with regard to South African affairs on the table, but be would do so as soon as possible. Mean- while all rumours coming from South Africa should be received with the greatest caution. Asked by Sir E. A. BARTLETT whether, in view of the important colonial and Imperial interests now at stake in South Africa, the Government would, at once reinforce the Imperial troops there, Mr. Chamberlain said Sir H. Robinson had offered, after consultation with the general officer commanding the troops at the Cape and hearing from Messrs. Rhodes,a.nd Duncan and Lord Grey, to send up at once to the disturbed districts 300 cavalry and 200 mounted infantry from Natal, in addi- tion to the volunteers and police already arranged for. He would also raise a force of 200 Basutos to aid irr quel- ling the insurrection. In reply to Mr. Dalziel, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN said that under existing arrangements he should expect the British South African Company to pay the expense. Mr. G. BALFOUR, in asking leave to introduce a bill to further amend the' law relating to the occupation and ownership of land in Ireland," explained that it was the policy of the Government to stimulate the pur- chase of holdings by cultivators, but he considered it would be impossible to proceed on compul- sory lines, for to do that would involve an expenditure of over £100,000,000, even if it did not ex.tend to £200,000.000 or more. Far the 'present they must be content to proceed gradually. They must try to oil the machinery', and the bill contained amendments of pro- cedure in-tended to obviate delay and diminish expense. They also proposed•to promote purchase by making the terms of repayment easier,by abolishing the purchase of insurance, and by diverting the county percentage to the sinking fund. As to the evicted tenants, they were prepared cnce more to re-enact the thirteenth clause of the Act of Is9l for a further period of twelve months, and to empswer the Land Commission to act as mediat- ors between the parties. After some remarks by Mr. JOHN MORLEY and Mr. DimoN the bill was brought in and read a first time. The second reading was fixed for the 27th inst.

TUESDAY. In the Hcuse of Commons on Tuesday, on the motion ,or the sef.lond reading of a Bill promoted by the London and North-Western Railway Company for the purpose of enabling them to widen the line between Chester and Holyhead, Mr. Lloyd-George and Mr. H. Lewis com- plained of the high-rates charged for goods on that por- tion of the Company's syst.m. Mr. FIELD also com- plained of the extremely high rates charged for passe '- gers between Dublin and Euston. Sir W. H. HOULDS- WORTH submitted that the Company did all they could to encourage and foster traffic, and that the question of passenger rates was most carefully considered. Mr. Louon moved the rejection of the bill, and after further debate Sir W. H. Houtmsworern moved the closure. The closure was carried by 221 voteg to 107; Mr. Lough's amendment was rejected by 207 votes to 130: and tho second reading was carried by 203 votes to 124. Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE afterwards moved that the vote of Sir W. H. flouldsworth should be disallowed; on the ground that be was financially interested in the London and North-Westorn Railway Company. Mr. 1. seconded the motion, which was eventually withdrawn on Mr. A. J. BADFOUR assenting to the appointment of a Committee to consider the whole matter. In reply to Mr. Buchanan ,Lord G. HAMILTON said that at present he believed the Egyptian army would prove adequate to the task in hand, and the Government had therefore no intention of bringing troops from India to join the expedition up the Nile V Otey. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN informed Mr. Labouchere that up to the present he had no reason to believe that the rising in Matabeleland was due to any mismanage- ment on the part of the Chartered Company. Mr. CuazoN informed Mr. Dalziel that there was no foundation for the report that the 9th Lancers were under orders to proceed to the Soudan. Asked by Mr. DALZIEL as to a speech made recently by Sir Redvers Buller, the Adjutant General, at the Cre- diton Constitutional Club, Mr. Brodrick said the speech did not appear to contravene the Queen's Regulations. It seemed to him to be of a military rather than a party character. The Secretary for War held that officers on the headquarters staff should lie soecially careful not to become involved in political vestilns. Mr. A. J. BALFOUR stated that the second reading of the Education Bill would not be moved before Thursday week, and that there were certain bills that must have precedence over the Irish Land Bill, but he could not now state what they were WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday, on the order for the second reading of the Local Government (Ireland) Provisional Order (N). 2) Bill, providing for the transfer from the Grand Jury of the county of Armagh to the Town Commissioners of the city of Armagh of certam powers and responsibilities with re- spect to roads and bridges, th- qoestion of the represen- tation of the Roman Catholics of Armagh on the Town Commissioners was raised. Mr. T. M. Healy said that though the majority of the neople of Armagh were Roman Catholics,not a single Town Commissioner was a Roman Catholic. The second reading was carried by 120 votes to 75. Dr. TANNER moved the second reading of a Bill to amend the constitution of hoards of guardians in Ire- land, and to extend their powers under the Labourers Acts. Mr. Davitt seconded the motion. Mr. G.Balfour said the Government believed that the present system of local government in Ireland was in every way unsatis- factory, and that it required reform in the direction of increasing popular repsesentation. With regard to the present Bill, however, they were not able to consent to the second reading in the sense that by doing so they accepted the principles and proposals in it. The second leading was carried nem con., but a proposal to refer the measure to the Standine Committee on Law was defeated by 207 votes to 154. and the House shortly afterwards aej )urned.

BIRDS, ANIMALS and Fl -41 ST TFFIM, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for Ss.le Birds mil e into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Deal‘-r in British tnl Foreign Birds and Animals kins, Glass Shades, Stsgs' Heads. Cabinets Store Boxes. Nets, Ac., for Butterfly and Big Csllectors.—B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrier. 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Established over 21 years.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SPREAD OF MORMONISM.

Thousands of converts to the Mormon faith are reported in Kentuckyeand a correspondent of the" New York Recorder," writing from Pointsville, says :—The Mormon Church has evidently determined to capture the Big Sandy Valley for the religion of Joe Smith. The missionaries swarm from the head of Tug and Livesay and Panther and Beaveir almost to Catlettsburg. There are missionaries in a score of other territories, and over in West Virginia there are half a dozen churches and a membership of several hundred. All the missionaries in Kentucky (eighty-six is the estimated number) are men of fine appearance, well educated, shrewd, in love with their doctrines, enthusiastic, and immensely popular with the women. The Kentucky Mormon preachers here are under the auspices of the " Sou•hern Missions,' whose headquarters are at Salt Lake. The men have an abundance of Money, and are well dressed. E :stern Kentucky is being flooded with Mormon tracts, which state the doctrines and practic s of the Church of the Latter-day Saints. They are diligently and thoroughly circulated by the elders, and are making a strong impression. These elders preach in every neighbour- hood, and large throngs attend the services, which are held in barns or schoolhouses, because the churches are denied to them. The Mormon creed contains thir- teen articles of faith, everyone of them made up from the doctrines of some other Church. There are MOl- - elders in at Last twenty-six counties. There are always two of them together, sometimes four. At least 1,000 persons are at heart converted to the Joe Smith religion. In Johnson and Martin ceunties fifty families are going to Utah. All who have not the means are not only taken to Utah, but are furnished with a farm and enough provisions and cash to support them until they can raise a crop. Elder White says "It is against the rules to tell about our financial affairs, but I do not be- - lieve I sin greatly when I say to you that the Mormon Church is as great a missionary organisation, so far as its members and wealth are concerned, as was ever the Methodist Church famous for its missionary spirit. We have 1,000,000 defiers surplus in our missionary fund, and our elders are at work in West Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, and a few in Alabama and Georgia. They are no- longer polygamists, because of obedi- ence to the laws; but it is perhape true that as a class we see no sin in polygamy. The Mormons Who go to Mexico practise polygamy or n t, as they please. The Church owns vast tracts of land there, and several very valuable silver and 'gold mines. We are growing very rapidly, and Mermen churches are soon to be built in several cities,among them New York and Chicago." It is diffieult to prophesy what will be the final result of this ,Mormon invasion in Kentucky. The rural newspapers are becoming very outspoken in their strictures on the elders, and do not hesitate to ad-- vise the severest measures to drive them out of the State. They are freely charged with breaking up fami- lies, creating neighbourhood disturbances, and using all their persuavive talents to induce women and girls to go to Utah. The elders are very sly. They talk soberly in public and in their‘sermons,but they go into houses and resort to peculiar methods to ve,n the women for Utah. There have been no seandals of a wrsonal character. Tne elders understand that a lynching would follow, and they are circumspect ; but there is a general de- mand among the better classes that a halt be called. R. C.Evans,of Johnson County,says : " Nearly 100 Mormon elders are proselytising in the State; scores of families are being dismembered; youeg women in droves are sent to Utah,even wives and mothers an, sometimes re- fusing to take their children. It is time for these things to stop. It is a disgrace to the State. It is true the majority who favour the Church of Joe Smith are of the ignorant class, but that does not justify their being de- ceived."

===== 0002601_18960418_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

THE PORT OF MSNOHEsTER.

During the fortnight ended April 10,251 seagoing cargo vessels, with an aggregate net registered tonnage of 80,525 toos.arrived at and sailed from the various docks. wharves. 8/3., on the Ship Canal. Of this total 43,423 tons entered from or cleared fpr foreign ports. Thirty.- seven vessels arrived with general cargoes, 19 with stone and slate, 18 with pottery clay and flints, 45 with pig iron, six with green fruit, lour with cotton, four witla iron ore,two with woed pulp, one with steel billets, one with pig lead,one with copperas, and one with timber. A number of Irish cattle and horses were landed by the steamers of the new Dublin and Manchester service. Amongst the cargoes exported were 41 of general mer- chandise—including two to Bombay and one to Aus- tralia—salt was shipped to St. John,New Brunswick,and to various home ports, and a number .of coal cargoes' were takers outwards by coasting vessels.

The 'Royal Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLosa Is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched men. itc., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss.' " From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at 14., 3d., and 64., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCELEY, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

1100PINGICOUG11 The celebrated effectual"; HOOPING COUGH cure without intern , 'TOWING COUGH medicine. , HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists peat 4s. per bottle. Solo- BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents:. W. EDWARDS & SON. CROUP - 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

AIuRRIS'S TOLIJ AND RONEY

The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis. &c.

FACTS

MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The .nly Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACJ3IL.

MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA-ROAD. MANCHESTER.. and all Dealers.

DR. BERTELLI'S CA.TII.AMIN PILLS (Globular shaped Pastilles.) FOR

COUGHS,

CATARRH,

pFLUENZA,

CONSUMPTION.

This celebrated Medicine is strongly recommended for alt affections of the Throat and Lungs. It is invalu able for Singers, Lecturers and Clergymeu. Price is. Itd. and 28. 9d. per box. To be obtained of all' Chemists and the Wholesale Agents. W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London, C.C.

*2* * ,*, * 3.0 r . 31gs. * * *mir; "HOW IT'S GROWN." -...-2 The tea-seed is slam in a nureery-Plot,and ',:•.77. *7 when the seedlings are about one year old * • and ten or twelve inches high, they are sictranspl tilted into garden-rows about four •:- • , feet apart. The young trinsplants require * endless patience and attention, for there may *be too much son, or too much rain, there are also blighting-oeAs, and the rank jungle- *-• mfr.grasses growing with amazing rapidity in Alt the stesming soil would soon overtake and , AW.' lik smother the cultivated seedlings. So, ri.a.„) migr, throughout all the growing season, the hoe, "NIP which is the typic tea-garden taol, has ever .' valeto be at work. Indeed, this perpetual hoe- tir ing, by his gangs of coolies, is always the 4.9.', planter's most serious expense. *The tea-plant is pruned from time to 310 r, time, to iniuce it to grow symmetrically leaf-yielding shoots, and to keep it about bushy, to encourage the bud-bearing and lic fcur feet high, that the picker's hand may *re c 1 it all. The plant must not be plucked for leaf until it is some four years old. so that, for at lea 4 four dragging years, the ..j.,, planter has to keep on paying out money AFL AWIPI' month after month, whilst receivin 41Ez , nothing in return, and, all the weary while nig ' endt.ring infinite anxiAies about his aggra- *and the future of his venture. Thinkiag of vAting c olies, and the despotic weather, iiiip.• : all this,you will Wonder how it's possible for .411112 b , 7141 OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE * to sell you our delHous Tea for as litt'e as - *3-4 ‘ * "1,141,,' 1/-, 1/2, 1/4,1/8, 2/12/4, &2/8 ~ 2 . AP` ALL * BROOKE, BOND & M ! * LIITED. CO.II) ;.--‘,..k.... )11111L i lir THR LANCASHIRE TEA WA.REHOUSES, "lit 17, PICCADILLY, , ---V----.. 2, 0,9. mmulET sTREET YINIA.I.iOIiiiSTER . ltr AIL : * * *

===== 0002601_18960418_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 ", •

===== 0002601_18960418_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
.• , ' - , , • I i I il' ' t 1 ' 1 .., -...,, . .;• ,i- -. • . ~ .. , , „ . . • , . , , • ,1 , , ; , - • / i 'i , • ~ . . , , , ~ . , , , , , , , _ , , i ,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18960418_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Ong " Cranium " &ctio.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

. ming uncle; the following nean.) ,sre inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for 01, CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WARTED, APARTMEN TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIP WAN APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, PECISIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT., MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. ' One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

inowttatt berbantsl IITANTED at once, -good GRNERALS, iOr-tii;riian-d-coun• YV try, good wages.— Address 72, KNOWSLEY-STREET, 13olton.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SERVANT (General) Wanted. age 18-20; good wage given to suitable girl with referenee.—Apply hILL SIDE COTE. Allerton-road. Liverpool.

WANTBD,—Experienced GENERAL. early in May; three in family, must undertake cooking.—Mrs. GOODWIN. 1 7, Heath Terrace, Leamington.

SBRVANTS with good refereece WANTICD, for all kinds o situations; good wages; no charge till suited.—REGIS- TRY, 51, Church-st.,Fgremont.

WANTED, strong country GIRL, as General. No wash- fog; plain cooking; good wages.-28, HA.RTINGTON BOLD, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

MISS ED WARDS. 37, Lower Mosley-street, Manchester. has good places waiting for Generals, Housemaid Waitresses, and young girls.

WANTED, Good General SBRVANT. four in family ; day girl hept ; £l4.—Apply by letter first, Mrs. BunGs2m, 150, Breckfield-road, Liverpool. - --- VMPLOYERS—and SERVANTS. note removal of JAQUES'S _CA "Tbirsk " Servants Registry, to 29a, St. Nicholas-st., Scarborough. Established 34 years.

VV housemaid; SITUATIONS together, sisters; plain cook. country; 23, 20.—8., 4, ELSWORTHE TERRACE, Prian'Oga Hilt, London, N.W.

T OUSE PARLOURMAID. --Wanted for high-cl-ss lodg- ing house; state full 'partieulars.—Mas. DOWTY, Clevedon, Totlandßay,lsle of White VV

ANTED. female SBRVANT for Farm work Good milker. Age 20 to 21. Good character.—T. Tolman - BON, top of Coalpits Farm, Blackburn.

VOTING LADY seeks Situation as HOUSEKHITP-KR or 1. Mother's Help; thoroughly domesticated ; good refer- ences.—Apply S. L. BRENZRTT, Folkstons. Kent.

VCANTED, a respectable GIRL for housework, an orphan ' preferred, a goad home for a willing girl.—Apply 140. a3tITHDOWN-ROAD, Wavertree, Liverpool.

WANTED, experienced, capable GENERAL • also Nurse - Housemaid for family of three ; one child.—Address Mrt.COLLIER, Leigh Bank, Prestwich, Manchester vv

ANTED SITUATION is COACHMAN. single; ride and drive. single or pair; age 30. height 61t. 7in.. list. weight.—VV. COUPE, Huntroyde, Padiham, Burnley. GOOD GENERALS and-GIRLS can be at once supplied with Situations in Southport, business season or private by appl3ing or writing to the IMPERIAL AGENCY, 78, Boghton-street, Southport,

S- ITUATION Wanted as HOUSF.KEEPER to widower or bachelor: thoronghlv domesticated and revectable ; good and long reference ; age 29.—E. S., 163,ALnE MUNSTER- ROAD. Bermondsey, London.

GIRL.—Wanted for the country. a strong, active, respect- able Girl (about 15) to assist, in housework; two only In family; one who has not been net before not objected to -- Call or write to Mrs. CURROR, Blundell Hill, Rainhill.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES TNsTITUTIO NI, 70, Hein- street. Liverpool.—Establ shed IB7B.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr I% urges," Liverpool. lelephone 570

WANTED SITUATION as Coachman or Groom-Gardener, experienced in riding and driving; height sft. 10in.. weight list. ; age 39; di years in present situation ; good re- erences. &O.—Address SHARPE, Woodham Ferrero, near Chelmsford, Essex.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ManteD.

- - - W ANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWoRTH, -tato! Chorley.

YOUNG MAN WANTED, 353. p r week and commission. Regular work: sulendid opening.—Address, COMPO WORICS, Farnworth. Bo:ton. Lat cs.

DOSTMASTERS.—Re eugasement wanted by competent elerk, S.N. an account!: direng,ged.—Apply ROBoRT G. ELVIS, Beacham, Ring's Lynn. Norfolk. WANTBD, Lettuce, Cuuumber, Asparagus, Tomatoes, ~nd all market garden produce; quantites regularly.— HENRY &MEAD, Borough Market, London. -- DRAPERY AND CLOTHING.- As MANAGER; married; age 32 ; wife could as,ist ; good all round experience A.. 78, HIGIE-STREET, Wellington. Salop.

DllTCHERS.—Respeatable young man. 20, seeks SITUA- TION, do round assist shop. slaughterhouse; good re- ference.—Z. H., 1, CAPE PLACE, Dorking. Surrey. Q OLE AGENTS WANTED, either sex; good commission plid :full particulars 3 stamps ; returnable to appointed agents.— DAWSON. Richardson-street. West Hartlepool. x

. - F 1:10ME EMPLOYMENT.—Half-hour copying ALI addresses:no cenvassing, ss. upwards weekly; instruc- tions, le.-14ArEs, 17, Upper Bridge street, Dublin.

BOOT TRADR.—Re-mgagernent as Manager ;30 • married; wife can assist ; 14 velrs' experience. excellent refer- ence ; security.—T.9.,2s4,Commercial-road, Portsmouth. x y—OTING FOLKS' STORY BOORS WANTIM. •-•• Jack the Valant." "Tot." " Zalva and Selirn," &c. • will give good pric HEGINBOTHAX, Wymeswold, near LOugh- Dome].

rII3BACCONISTS commencing ; Illustrate Guide and L Cataloeua (259 pages) 3d.—TOBACCONISTS. OUTFITTING CO., 186 Huston-road. London. Established 1866; Manager. HENRY MYERS.

PUSTAIAS I BUS.—youth requi, es HB-BNGAG BkIBICT; -I- 3 years' experience. competent sounder, A B.C. fair knowledge counter work; good reference.—lßELAND, Bud- leigh, Salterton. _

TO BUILDERS AND PROPERTY OWNERS.—AII kinds of painting. decorating,lc. ; work uhdertaken on the most reasonable terms —Address J. J. PEAK. 60, Sumatra- road. West Rampsteld, N.W. ---------

fro MANUFACTURRItS.—WaNTRD CONSIGNMSNTS 1. of GOODS. ,rn Cornmis,ion. to sell by auction ; quick sales ; prompt Set.lernents.—Dawsorr, Auctioneer, Richard- son-street, West Hartle ()W.

F 0 rtRIGN POSTAGE STAMPS.—Wanted to purchase an Old Collection. or any English Stamps issued before ISBO (used or unuiEd) except Id. red (used).—J. LASCELLES, Machynlleth. Montgoirpryshire.

NAT ANTED, Ladies and Young Men, age 15 to 20, for Y Government Appointments. Examinations quarterly. Pr.paration through post 2,000 vazancies annually.—Write eivlL SERVICE SCHOOL. Wng-street, Hull.

I.l"poll„dWenlrnaKdopPting lAVVreeress.e.Bgos ktoAgsn.l?eebiTlyCor;aesr- timilars 2d., and Stamped a'clressed envelope own writing.— GROVES, 31, Pa'ace Terrace, Fulham, London.

BREWERYPUPIL.—ExceptionaI opportunity, Gentleman willing to work to learn Brewing. Malting. Office Voilcoinder Manager's Supervision. Very moderate pre- -in um.—MANAGER, Brewery, Llansantffridd, Oswestry.

HOP WANTED: by a large Grocery Firm, must be in best nosition of principal marketing thoroughfare of Whines. +Give tun particulars a measurements, lease, rent. &c. to 2.2 x 52, SELLS Adveitising Offices, Fleet-street. London.

Tp.tHli TUITION for Civil Service Exams. ; rapid success ful preparations by thoroughly quafified masters - good pay, permanent employment short hours, pension. UNIVERSAL CORRESPONDENCE COACHING AGENCY, RastFinch- ley. London.

tiOP WANTED - by a large Grocery Firm, must be in best 0 position of principal marketing thoroughfare of St. Helens, Give full particulars of measurements lease, rent Ac.. to Box 52, SELLS Advertising Offices, Fleet-street, London, B.C.

NsVpaßreE Kilosuarlsa)ry everywhere.off offered to either .1..05. 6D. to se2xssifoAr work can be done evmings.—Apply. enclosing addressed en- ye:one, to F. P&YNTER. & CO. (F. 25), Albert House, St. 2.11ry Church, Torquay. x

IA ANTED. men or women losing or having lost their V halt...to-know there has been discovered a positive cure; thousands of testimonials ;in very bad cases samples ; pric a 2s. 6d.. 4s. 9d., and 7s. ; stamped envelope for calipon and particulars.—TooLE, Hair King. blackburn. Lancashire.

BCMOUGH

WARRINGTON.

Wv V ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Eighteenth Season. General AggEnt—Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON, near Warrington.

Li N INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDr,D L-3 1710.

SUM INSURED IN 1894.-£393,622,400.

For all particulars apply to the following Agents : VARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son. Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l Ring-street Mr. 1. Lowe. Muket Otte Chambers

MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great Importance to Ladies. Stamped address for parti- culars. Mrs, B. WILSON. Rider Grove. Sheffield. x

QERANIUMEL—Henry Jacoby, John Gibbons, Respell, Double White, Christine, Crystal Palace gem, is. 6d. doz. ; Bronze, 28. ; Oak Leaf Scented Geraniums, 4 for Is. free.—AnTnuß LOAM, Westeria, Exeter.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.

T_T MORELL,I7 and 18,Great St.Andrew-st.;Eloomsbury, W.C. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings, &c. Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just put., fished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six .enny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram- ABBITIIT, Loudon." •

ANIMAL CHARCOAL. 18 tone to be Sold. price £510.. H. W. BROWN AND SON, 73, Marybone, Liverpool.

WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH OUR SONS? Farm and Colonization Company, Ltd. ORE& TORS :- William Wright, Esq.. Wollaton, Nottingham. Harold J. Reckett, Esq.. M.P., Winestead Hall, East Yorks John Brook Bray, Esq., Clapham, Polegate. Sussex. Benjamin bHasgow, Esq , 77. Oxford Gardens, W. The Company being large Land Owners in the very healthy state of SOUTH DAROTA, can at present locate a limited number of Gentl-men's Sous on good Cattle, Sheep, or Mixed Nanches, where they will g t a practical local experience of Farming, before starting tor themsalves. South Dakota is only 10 days from England. For particulars address or call on the Secretary, VICTOR M. OLLIXSWORTH, :1, Charing Cross, London, S.W. EA= APPLICATION is. NRCESSARY. x

HEATH-ROAD, PENKETII.—House to Let, three bed- rooms, 43. 6d., clear.—Apply JAMES MILLINGTON.

qlO ',RT.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply AMMO 1. and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

T UCK AD CO. LIMITED.

INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, an. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Timead, or Copper Sewn, or

CEMENIED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS, 42, Chapel-street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market-street, Manchester, London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dubin, LEATHER WORKS, LIVERPOOL.

11 ARK Dorking EGGS; 2s. 6d. par sitting of 15. .1 GOODALL, Stoke Grange, Market Drayton, Salop.

BROWN RED GAME EGGS. prize bred birds, 3s. 6d. sit- ting.—WAßD, Brewery, Northallertort. x

BLACK POLAND SITTINGS, prize birds, 6s.—LEE-ox- 1/ SOLENT Poultry Farm, Gosport.

'OS, Cook's strain, Black Minorcas, Ss. W. per sitting.- 503, BOROUGH-ROAD, Birkenhead.

BLACK Orpington's Eggs. from pure-bred birds of the best laying strain ; 4s. sitting (packed).—W. H. WOOTTON, Bieton Heath, Shrewsbury.

1) OUBN DUCK'S EGGS for sale, large size and prize bred, IL from Wakefield and Bygott's strain, 3s. 6d. for 12.—J. QUENBY, Wilstf-ad, Bedford.

rplIE Warrington ,* Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous maklufacturing town's and lieges, and a large agricultural tract.

ENVELOPES FR02128. PER 11000. PRINTING! PRINTING!

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

THE "EXAMINER" WORKS, BEWSEY STREET

, or . •

===== 0002601_18960418_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
- • - _

eprlech

BICYCLES

BICYCLES

BicYcl,Es

BIC Y CLES

BICYCLES

BICYCLES

131)

pttlit 3urbau, ge.

ii.tbe-torlt, Su.

T DON'T WASTE 1110NEY By purchasing unnece&Arily large pockets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED CO., LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system 10 the world, and thereby defy competition. 3000 VARIETIES 300(11‘. of vegetable and flower seeds are supplied by us in

===== 0002601_18960418_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
sde and finish, bet balls all over.-fm ac., also twe_Al" IR, 210, Park-row'

and Ty best finish 5 Dunlop Wel% ,I,pump, 210, Park-r,'"

ce and extra 10,1; hs, and to Carr/:; tiards, good Idle, highest marvellous value; —M ELLOR, ow°. 10. 9925. ton 1896 DutiluP; I thoroughly welt`t handles, balls Ico.. also stafrilW Y £l2. Mialosg, C, Liverpool. roadster ; hair' 1 ingham. by TURNER 130, for lists, it Will

C SAFETY. lat'es .99, Durham-roadr

new, £9; Os. ; worth double. best material. Ml,' tatic tyres, di"w` erton, Notts. 11 good conditloti. 'or bicycle.—Brig: 3wgate, Salop.

odition, £ll lel' Coventry EagcLe,' M. GEJITLBi °".

[ATM SAFETII £8 18s. 6d., listeo Ps, extraorelinad ncv,Worcester.

rington .

ndon, EstabLiske

ass , Ficielity Gatd'.. ance Assoeiatio°

ion Limited. 131‘

Ited. Betabllelie6

_ )RTII

IPOOL.

perty for Rale b 7 3s on application. ,rty entered with

eties (Permanent'Y ONIN ECTION WIT% S. Private raorfr

rpool," Telephone

rE AGENT' EU. Lsrrt RS. WAIWINGTOIi Creaty.; D.

usrs,t.

louse Agents, &C'' many Ingoings o charge to Pnr hem. y clients waiting IS-s, and perscZ businesses in

-ohn-street, Liver

igoing £65 ; fe:4 :5, Lime-stree

• 03 ; ; ingoing , ~.,e.. BAILEY, 25, I,'-

ngoing only £llO. AILEY, 25, Lie--

[ll5, ZZ't

MM 0 N

POOL. iCea• Good StOCX m free . The beit

andaus. Victoria. lire.

r ; re-silver Plat- 'ioN, 37, Datilbr Wished 1869. _

pthill, Beds, ea° of all description

3ne Pa and fast runner, ier Dup.—Jslo3o

_ a want of one 0 mild write to ti.'e sre, imported 111 dress ; the price° Teatest establish- Largest Importer

7eet, Bedford, I'l, forkshire and a" 3. , 165., 18s. 2091' g. and as old al,' on four and or r head. Lrick " has b 8 ot t. Your satest purchase direeo y good birds. 55' his address re" his repeatedly.'" -WiLmAat Cao9o, Lis, Beast.,. and

3, Sze., quickli

D. - - ill-Street, E. C' .8, tram knees, in a few WO Condy's Fluid. bbed off. Prices.'

11 directions fOr from Con Lot 0, E .C.

-.,-- ~,,

pockets of ill suffice.

D CO., RSHIRE, iCal system )etition. 3000

ed by us in

LETS, wuveniently

[4E S. El'

)N. 1 3s. 15, 3d. much abi've .celled-up f!,14 at the price.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY PACKETS,

and every one of the best quality in conveniently small quantities.

COLLECTION OF VEGETABLE SEEVSP REMARKABLE VALUE. COTTAG ER'S COLLECTION, 23 varieties 2s. 61., carriage pail 3s. AM AT E UR'S COLLECTION,

40 varieties ss. carriage paid. All the very be;t quality. and guaranteed much abl- nominal value. These collFetions are parcelled-up sold by thousands, oi• they could not be sold at the price'

LISTS OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWEIL SEED 55°

GRATIS AND POST FREE,

OUR COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE containing 500 liiii,trations, 'Ace One Shill lig, post free, retarnable to customers.

ESTABLI.SI-IED 22 YEAES,

SCOTLAND.

2tl) HALF 1 A

TILE SEAS(

OF OV 'GENUINE A PINE GOLD NOTED MA IRAMONDS, MARBLE AN PLATE.

ALL REDUC:

Now. good „„:13? ffered at bLtteli gnarant( -'4B. Call or v

-- • GORGE RUSSIILL'S 19 1174:47.1.2.:(larietatengt—art'4hainz dad. )d. mr,‘, 11; HUNTER , sell and Sons, improved Zed heat and no Patent key] raph and Unity • malt .toPureh sae ~,„ GHNUI kt3°----1(671110‘1°Lp ENC h to ;LP 15 order I tli) full chronon malt v 9. damp anc ';uoble-sunk dial 12rlitlute, with c 4•11.3' for 30 y frallße made. LliVl3l k,4 3801101 httL)„, 19s. kafT/III„ uf the tufe• The ci I,;22Jted guaran iflds per moi tit't sunk dial Gold Hun GIIoRW k4SELL'S &AP 17g. I°.: the famou 11,...7 latest impr piLa.ad cold. ban Safety un tlaitl7ll Goverr 1434" ad dust ratit,. & giant ta Yam ckki ours Gicitv.ked. id as 3 S. itl kn°fl, Unbreak r u_ .qnst proof ,3 414tacti0n. A kilBBliLL'S GRA r? 7 I tidi titi Jewelled, I.6tiowith inde tteth "r 300th the le °llly on a 10;74g 445: N nY ears giv Le SELL' t°4II4I:OII,.tt.CILL-rtecbaOflainsitCifif°eee.: 1%441 17 4;!,t.4.4ent d 3444' (sv"?.n Yraent. ith Tlfa • take c\33.lfui balao ; Vet, arkd unbreketrY, net,. , t., bet_ g 440. .re b, tONSR7a PRn "' SRla3c CH 011-813 EN * L,l 1 is trilliants of rid "seen SW ~,BJearat let half well worth 4' and for inv'fed val •cvll-A GENvs 2i ,re}37 first 33! 0 fire ; in h, 417573. 6d., kf-a PINE ~t 19 Perfec 401 Id 18-ca 'nth this lot. !os. 6 -rest 1 be - tom. iAturty err 10. re !per,s 18 In " beaut 18-cY •-•11INEA. C cizidan di9 e oninu kQUIN] 14st1 18 "sttiM" Sin '4l? Of 301 *l/41,10e1t " 42 10 A.and 3 TR, DU Sou nts 10-BTE 'Ed2 0:10N-r th':-,-lorne sok *lion ' kl:th e 4 15' "111° anoothet titt ‘,4 73. 5,-;'S ';'411.144n3' bat_ . rich; sprii .11:if1111 izsalint 1. t(10;1] s. Ork, —5.. ed. 153 g, Du_ tit 7 tite44l 44lnrtal; 3 lf "09. 4,143. u aoseAped), • 8 e„ DlL‘„er, 0 ,ftl lay '14,1 Rqn,. rtiov twat.34.. Wr WARR,

aiJ Tt'c," • th* • -0 h„ -`atbit tti rinz. G4Rl' d _u4G

===== 0002601_18960418_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
SEEDZ 551 i

kTALOGVI4 Shill ng, 3rs.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
, P'4f,„ t B.ci'r°ol3 LUCK "WEDDING RINGS, , Tc, 4.. r, OFPEMS. SPECIA.L OrTEIZS. 14 tti 60 —Pure Guinet Goti 22-car it G•wernment t44,11.e po,nei S. stamped WEDDING RINGS, tiow 7s !4c,ltlabl€, tieh„f'aPer than any other house in the trade. t L .. te 1l et Ettl-marked solid Gold Keeper given free ttt ir 411), • G. ad, trez,ai. gest stock in the city. Finger-size card • CONIPANY (opposite Cron n Aim SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPO;L r. Id, Son's), , North Trams pass Door.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TdE EXA_MEINER.

SATURDAY, APRIL 18th, 1896.

A question of very great import- Private Interests. Public versus ance to the country was raised in the House of Commons on Tuesday, and raised in such a way. too, that some good results may be expected to follow. The more or less open advocacy by the directors of companies who have seats in Parliament of the private interests with which they are connected has often been commented upon, but not much has been done to put a stop to it. It is said that between six and seven hundred different director- ates are represented in the House of Commons. This does not, of course, mean that practically every member of the Commons is on a board of directors of one kind or another, because in some instances one member represents many director- ates. It is said, for instance, that seven Tory members hold between them no fewer than 136 directorships, and that two Liberal Unionist members monopolise twenty-seven. J t is well-known that the present Government fights tooth and nail in favour of the water mono- polists of London and against that popularly- elected body the London County Council, and in this connection it has been mentioned that two members of the Government are directors of Lon- don water companies. We do not believe that the action of the Government on the water bills was influenced by these two members, or that the two members, whoever they may be, ever attempted to use their influence in favour of the companies of which they are directors, but still it is easy to see that as long as these connections last there may at any time be a conflict in the minds of legislators between private and public interests On Tuesday the subject was raised in a very pointed form. The London and North-Western Railway Company are promoting a Bill in Parlia- ment for the widening of the railway between Chester and Holyhead, and on Tuesday the Bill came up for its second reading. The methods of the great railway company were severely crit'cised by both the Irish and the Welsh members. The Company has, practically,- a monopoly of Irish traffic, and the Irish members complained that it takes advantage of this to im- pose high charges both for passengers and for goods. It was said that many facilities which are accorded to Scotchmen ate withheld from Irish- men, simply because there is competition with lother railways for Scotch business. Welshmen also have certain grievances against the Londoit and North-Western, and consequently the repre- sentatives of what Tories sometimes describe as the "Celtic fringe" combined to make a rather formidable opposition to the Bill. The interests of the railway company were championed by Sir W. H. HOULDSWORTH a gentleman who has a' high reputation in the commercial world. When his vote was challenged later on by Mr. LLOYD GEORGE, Sir WILLIAM HOULDSWORTH candidly admitted that he is a director of the London and North Western Railway Company, and e- clared that he was "bound to do his duty" by get- ting the Bill passed. This frank declaration raised the question of the responsibilites of members of Parliament in its most naked ,form, and a signifi- cant discussion followed. Mr. BALFOUR blundered badly whenlas leader of the House he endeavoured to prove that no principle was involved, though he certainly won a sympathetic cheer when he de- clared that he had never served as a director. The true bearings of the case were more accurately taken by Mr. HALDANE, Mr. LOUGH and Mr. J. BURNS. Mr. HALDANE pointed out that members wereinot sent tothe House of Commons to promote bills in the interest of Corporations of which they were members or shareholders but to give votes as members of the House in the public interest. Mr. LOUGH bluntly asserted that "there was too much of the director business" in the House of Commons, and Mr. BURNS was even more out- spoken when he declared that "the suspicion had grown that in recent years the House had become too much the rendezvous of guinea pigs' and promoters ofj railways, gas and water works." A strong point was also made by the speakers of the fact that the House of Commons was permitting in its own case the very thing which it prohibited in connection with much less important authori- ties—that is, the open advocacy of private inter- ests by public representatives. By the ,time the discussion had reached this stage Mr. BALFOUR seemed to have discovered the mistake he had made. The matter turned out to be one of more importance than he had imagined, and in the end he was glad to accept a friendly suggestion thrown out by Mr. COURTNEY that a committee shcaild be appointed to consider "the very delicate I and almost momentous question in regard to the conduct of members in respect to private bills." bt is n a to be hoped that when this committee has ee ppointed it will be able to provide a sweep- ing remedy for an undoubted evil.

THE DUKE of DEVONSHIRE must Tue G wern- inent's Policy, be now extremely disappointed by the performances of the Govern_ ment of which he is a conspicuous member. In the opinion of the DUKE the one thing which the untry needed above all else and the one thin

===== 0002601_18960418_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AMINER SATUROA Y. APRIL 18. 1896. RTJNCORN AND wiDNES.

which the new Government would give it was repose." But, as a matter of fact, there has scarcely ever been a less reposeful period than since this Government came into power. One sensation has followed another, and at the present time there is no promise of repose either in,foreign or domestic affairs. In the sphere of domestic legislation the Education Bill alone will provide numberless bones of contention. The opposition to this measure is strengthening in various direc- tions, and the lengths to which a struggle upon educational subjects may be carried has been strikingly exemplified in Canada. The legislature of that colony sat continuously during the whole of last week in order to make progress with a Bill to settle an education difficulty in Manitoba but no progress was made. Another attempt was made at the beginning of this week to get the Bill through but it proved futile and:the measure had to be abandoned. It is, of course, not at all likely that opposition will be carried to any such extremes as this in the House of Commons, but a Government which brought in the Education Bill can certainly not claim that it has studied the repose of the country. In foreign and colonial matters there is little if any abatement of the " storm and stress "of the last few months, The worst anticipations are being realised with regard to Matabele rising. The insurgent natives appear to increase in numbers daily, and the white colonists are cooped up in thei r stockades or laagers. It now seems as though a considerable force of troops will be :required to suppress this native rising, and in the meantime the colonisa- tion of Rhodesia is effectually stopped. In the North of Africa the latest enterprise of our Tory Government is slowly developing. The invasion and reconquest of the Soudan has now been fairly entered upon, and what is to be the end of that altogether unnecessary adventure no man can foretell.

There is just a probability that the Loudon and North-Western Railway Company may get a Roland for their Oliver in opposing the Warrington Borough Extension Bill. The Parliamentary Committee of the Corporation have deckled to strenuously oppose a Bill promoted by the London and North-Western Railway Company, in which powers are sought to construct a branch line near Warrington. We are not surprised to hear of this decision considering the opposition that the Company is offering to the Extension Bill.

The Salvation Army in Warrington is making considerable progress, and the number of adherents now exceeds two hundred. They are, however,con- siderably handicapped by the want of a suitable meeting place, and the members have now set their hearts upon getting a new " barracks," the present being altogether unsuitable. Already a sum of over £lOO has been placed in the hands of Mr. Ziba Armitage, who has consented to be treasurer, with this object in view, and W 3 wish the army every success in raising the necessary funds.

There was an unusual variety of business at the last Town Council meeting; in fact almost ' every branch of the Corporation work was more or less discussed. This was no doubt largely due to the fact that the annual estimates of expenditure were submitted by the spending committees—and all the committees do something in the way of spending. This occasion is generally taken ad- vantage of by the Chairmen of the Committees to enlarge upon the work of the past year and to fore- cast the operations of the year to come. gouncil- lore Monks and Shaw-Green, in particular, set a good example to chairmen of committees in giving full and lucid explanations in connection with the Sanitary Works and Finance Committees. On the other hand, Alderman Sutton was criticised by some of the junior members of the Council for his reticence in regard to the work of the Health Committee, and there was un- doubtedly some ground for the criticism. The Health Committee is face to face with some im- portant questions, such as hospital extensions and the dealing with insanitary property, and a general forecast of the way the Committee is likely to deal with these and other subjects would have been of interest both to the Council as a whole and to the ratepayers.

DEATH OF MRS. T. WILKES. Wesleyans in Runcorn will learn with regret of the death ot the wife of the Rev. T.Wilkes which took place on the Bth inst. at Rochdale.

RUNCORN BOATING CLUB.

The third and concluding conversaztone of the season was held under the auspices of the above club in the Drill Hall, on Wednesday evening. ,Dancing was kept going to a capital selection of dance music given by an efficient band under the direction of Mr. Powell, of Widnes. The duties of M.C. were ably carried out by Mr. W. Crosby and Mr. Harry Wright. Professor Miller gave an amusing ventriloquial entertainment.

PRESENTATION TO MR. JOHN SIMPSON,

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The annual meeting of the above Council was held on Thursday evening in the Town Hall, for the purpose of electing chairman and vice-chairman of committees : There were present the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. E. Imison, J.P.. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., H. J. Grice, G. H. Kirkham, W. Handley, J. W. Liehtburn, G. Hewitt, F. Wiswall, W. Collier,J. Horsefield,T. Dean,M. Sweetman, and D. Bisbrown ; Mr. Lake (law clerk), Mr. Marshall (secretary), and Mr. Wilding (surveyor).

ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN._

Mr. Imison- said the first business was to elect alchair- man for the ensuing year, and he proposed that Mr. Lightburn be elected to that position. He con- sidered that Mr. Lightbum's experience on the Board of Commissioners and also on that Council must be of great service to the town.—Mr. Once seconded, and Mr. Taylor and Dr. Gastaldi supported, and the resolution was unanimously carried.—Mr. Light- burn thanked teem very cordially for theconfidence they had placed in him by electing him Cnairman of the Council. For his own part as far as he was able he would endeavour to justify that confidence, and would give what ability and energy he had to the business of the Cuncil. (Applause.) He felt his responsibility greater because he had to follow one who had very worthily filled the chair. He hoped that they would all work together for the benefit of the ratepayers. Mr. Bisbrowne, in proposing a vote of thanks to the retiring chairman,said he had discharged thehonour and dignity of that important office in an upright and hon- ourable way which would commend itself to both the Council and the ratepayers. He moved that the best thanks of the meeting be tendered to Mr. Imison for his services as chairman during the year.—Mr. Taylor seconded, and felt sure that no chairman had occupied the position and given greater satisfaction than Mr. Imison had done.—Mr. Handley. in supportingsfelt sure that the chairman would not accuse him of raising a dis- senting voice when he said that he would have been pleased if Mr. Imison would have allowed his name to be put forward as chairman for aeother year. Mr. Imison thanked the Council for their appreciative expressions, and he might say his year of office had been a remarkably pleasant one.—Mr. Pritchard proposed Mr. Imison as vice-chairman for the coming year, and thought that the proposal would receive the highest ap- proval of every member present.—Mr. lAriswall seconded, and Dr. Gastaldi supported, and the motion was unani- mously carried.—Mr. Imison briefly acknowledged. ELECTION OF COMMITTEES. _ _ _

On the motion of Mr. Taylor. seconded by Mr. Dean, it was proposed that the standing committee should con- sist of the whole of the Council.—Mr. Bisbrowne moved and Mr. Wiswall seconded an amendment that with the exception of the Highway Committee—committees should consist of a member from each ward. The amendment was lost. The Highway and Technical In- struction Committees were also appointed.

TELE COUNCIL AND THE TRADE OT THE TOWN:.

Mr. Jones moved the following resolution: "That a committee be appointed to consider the best means of developing the trade of Runcorn,and the advisability of encouraging and attracting new industries in our town." after the very favourable and encouraging expressions of opinion which were given at the last Council meeting regarding an attempt to be made with a view to developing the trade of the town, he now wished to suggest another step in that direction. At the last meeting the opinion was that the object in view vnuld be best attained by getting together a number of gentlemen of means and business capabilities and who would interest themselves with the matter rather than hold a public meeting of ratepayers. Acting on that view he gave notice to move the motion which was on the agenda paper believing it to be the best course to adopt. It makes the committee effectual and powerful, it would have to be a representative one and if possi• ble to have one or two gentlemen representing every branch of industry which might be developed in the town. Under these circumstances it will be necessary to have a large committee, and he had taken it upon himself to name a committee, but if any of the members detected any omission he would be glad if they would mention the name. In addition to his resolution he moved that the committee consist of the members of the Council, and the following gentlemen Messrs. R. Abel, J. Brundret, S. C. Beckett, H. Branch, J. Ball, W. H. Chadwick, J. Comes, W. Fisher, J. R. Frith, Joseph Handley, Thomas Jones, B. Kniveton, T. Kirkham, J. Meadowscroft. F. J. Norman, A. R. Norman, W. Occles- ten, J. Oecleston, R. Pierpoint, R. H. Posnett, J. T. W. Posnett, J. T. W. Potter. S. Pope, W. Rowlands,J. Simp- son, G. Summerfield, P. Stubbs, J. J. Speakman, T. D. Timmins, %V. Timmins, C. Timmins, William Toft, E. Turley, William Upton, T. Ward, Sir J.T.Brunner,M.P., Major Ha z!ehurst, and Dr.Steele.—Dr.Gastaldi seconded. —Mr. Handley, in supporting, thought that for the past few months they had been parading their poverty too much and was of opinion that it was time they stopped it. A tradesman would never draw trade to his shop if he exhibited the notice "Come. I am starving," but would attract trade by showing his goods to the hest ad- vantage, and he did not think they would draw trade to Runcorn by the decrying policy pursued during the past 15 months. Mr. Handley then compared Runcorn with other tewns which had been in similar positions and cited several cases where such towns had recovered their pros- perity by the introduction of other trades in the town.— Mr. Wiswall also supported and said, that they all had felt the necessity of securing outside advice.and,it would be an advantage to them to get gentlemen on the com- mittee who were experts in different matters.—The Clerk pointed out that though there was nothing to prevent the Council appointing the committe.., they had no power as a Couecil to do so, or to spend any of the rate- payers money on the matter.—The resolution was then put and carried, and the committee suggested by Mr. Jones was also approved. The Council then went into committee.

Itibtrtisrmtnt6 not ClasstW.

T o._ Ai 0 11 R 0 W (SUNDAY) APRIL 19TH. EMMANUEL CHUROII, BOLD-STREET,

WARRINGTON. Christian Endeavour and Scripture Union Sunday. 10 a.m., Sermon by Rev. E ()WARD T. REED. 2.30 p.m. Service of Song," Our Y.P.S.C.E." 633 p.m. Special Address to Youag Men and Y-iung Women.

All seats free ; Hymn Books provided; usual offertory. MONDAY NEXT, APRIL 2;TH, 8 pro., Confirmation by the Right Rev. Bish ,p ELDRIDGE, Presiding Bishop.

PAPER HANGINGS.

Established 1875. 300,000 PIECES of PAPER HANGINGS, to be CLEARED OUT below Makers' Priees,suitable for all classes of Property, From Mansion to Cottage, BORDERS Half Price.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CYCLISTS. TNO GOOD LINES IN CYCLES:-

p EFORNI " COVENTRY High-Grade Mount weight27lbB, with best detachable Tyres, £lO 178. 6d. " SPECIAL" LADIES, Best :detachable Tyres, weight 301bs. £lO 10s. S. GARLAND, J. S BR I DGR -STR HET, WARRINGTON. Large Stock of Premiers, Bxcelsiors. and New Rapids. Several second-hand Machines, cheap.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WA.RRINGTON BANKRUPTCY COURT.

FRlDAY.—Ber.ore Mr. Registrar Ridgway. A FRODSHAIa PUBLICAN'S BANIERUPTCY.—Mr. Samuel • Clarke, late of the Cholmondeley Arms, Frodsham, came up for his re-examination in bankruptcy. In answer to questions by Mr. Linaker, solicitor, witness said no turniture was removed from the house before the sale day. Ile denied that he had said he had made every- thing right with all the creditors except Mr. Youd. It was not true that he had filed his petition in order to spite Mr. Youd, or that he had found £l2O or £l3O for his son to go to Dunham Elill. He never got commission from Mr. Kenyon on potatoes bought within ten miles from Frodsha.m. His wife re- ceived a cheque from Mr. Burton, solicitor, last month. It was her money. Be admitted that he sold a lot of beer during the construction or the Ship Canal for Walker's on Fr odsham Marsh. He got a good profit on it but it cost a good deal to take it there. At the time of the sate of his goods he did not make any remarks to the detriment of the sale. It was the second time he had called his creditor?, together. He accounted for his in- solvency by bad trade. The sale at the Cholmondeley Arms did not average a barrel a week Curing the last eighteen months.—Mr. Linaker applied for a further adjournment.—Mr. Potter said so far as he was concerned the examination was closed.—The Regis- trar said he did not see any reason for keeping it open after that day.—Mr. Linaker said it was very unfortun- ate that they could not get hold of the full information. Be asked for a further adjourn-uent.—The Registrar said the only grounds on which he would grant an ad- journment would be on the debtor paying the costs.— Mr. Linaker then consented to the examination being closed. A RUNCORN PAINTER'S BANIIBUPTCY.—George William Curzen, painter, 14 Regent-st., Runcorn, appeared to undergo his public examination in bankruptcy. His gross liabilities were £ll4 15s. 101.. and his assets £2l 185. 91, leaving a deficiency ot £92 17s. id. The bank- hheiscofmaimluerhecebdadhutsriandeess and ii. sr iucpkth ae sl lse goeid h ss wt tee c. Ba ue s seas do painter and decorator, two years ago, with £5 103. capi- tal. Be had not filed the prescribed deficiency account, saying he had not kept proper books. He lost nearly £2O on one contract. The rest represented the excess of his household expenditure over profits. With the ex- ception of £2 25., for medical attendance; the unsecured liabilities were wholly trade liabilities. The household furniture belonged to his wife, she having acquired it before her marriage. The furniture was valued at £7 or L3.—The examination was closed.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

CONCERT.—On Tuesday night a, concert was given by the St. Mary's Minstrels in the Sankey Sunday school. Dr. Murray was in the chair. The programme consisted of songs, j9kes,and a comic dialogue, the principal per- formers bAng, Messrs. Dakin,Hatton, Plumpton, Clarke, Suttor, Pownall, Walker, and Goulden. The misntrels, have under the tuition of Mr. J. Thompson, improved wonderfully since their last concert, and the audience were highly pleased with their performance. The weather was, of course, against a crowded attendance, but the room was comfortably filled. Miss E. Jeans accompanied the singers en the pianoforte. The proceeds are to be devoted to the camping expenses of the St. Mary's Com- pany, C.L.B.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

INTERESTING REUNION.

An interesting reunion of old Runcorn Wesleyan Day School scholars took place on Monday night in the Brunswick schoolroom. There was a good attendance, over which Mr. S. Taylor, J.P.,C.C., presided. Amongst others present were—Revs. T. Brackenbury and W. George, Messrs. F. J. Norman, J.P., T. Simister, S.Pope, E. Marshall, D. Bisbrowne, J. D. Jones, B. Crosby, E. Taylor, J. F. Moulton, J. Povah, W. Ra.wlinson, G. Mill- ington (secretary), T. Leech, C. W. Hutchinson (New- castle-on-Tyne),J. Unsworth, W. Lewis, H. W. Jukes,R. Norman, S. Bowers, R. W. Rushton, W. Peacock, George Burrows, W. Kirkham, A. Anderson, R. Webster, W. Millington and others. The Chairman, who was warmly received, said it was with very much delight that he heard a number of friends were organized with a view to making some presentation to Mr. Simpson for his long connection with the Wesleyan Day Schools. He believed he occupied that chair as one of the old scholars of the Wesleyan schools—(applause)—and he did not think there were many older scholars there that night. It must be 46 or 47 years ago since he attended Granville-street schools and at that time Mr. Melville was the master. He remembered Mr. Simpson very well and his almost daily visits to the school during the time he (the speaker) attended. It was always a great pleasure to every boy in the school to see Mr. Simpson'a face. He had always a kind word and a genial way, and he was sure Mr. Simpson's manner was a great encouragement to the boy., in helping them en with their tasks. Mr. Simpson had not only taken an interest in the Wesleyan day schools for they all knew that be had been a great educa- tionalist for many years. (Applause.) When the School Board was first formed they knew that Mr. Simpson was one of the first members appointed on the Board, and that for many years he took a most active part in the work of the Board and gave his valuable experience. Be had devoted the whole of his life to education and Sunday school work, and it must have been his great leve for children which had made it possible for him to carry on the work for half a century and to devote a great part of his time to the school, and to sacrifice his Sunday for so many years. He hoped they would have MrSinopson with them for many years to give them the benefit of his valuable experience. (Applause.) He would call on Mr.Millingtoa to make the presentation. Mr. Millington,in making the presentation,said he had been asked totake part in the meeting as a representa- tive old scholar of the Wesleyan Day Schools. Be went to the infant school about the year 1854 when Miss Morris was the mistress and from that school he passed into what was known as the "Top school." At that time the school was a mixed one of boys and girls arid that arrangement was continued until the year 1562. After passing through the school as a scholar he was ap- pointed pupil teacher and was engaged as such for a considerable time. They would see therefore that he had had a long connection with the schools and since then he had taken a great interest in the work of the teachers and the progress of the school. Although he had had a long connection with the school it was but short when compared to that of Mr. Simpson, for be had been the correspondent or he might say the manag,erof the schools from the year 1848 down to last year when the schools were taken over by the School Board. That would mean a connection of about 48 years,and that without any fee or reward save the satisfaction he must have felt in being able to assist the cause of elementary education. He was not able tafgivel the number of scholars that had passed through the schools but he would roughly estimate it at 13,000 children. Some people might say that the woik had been Mr. Simp- son's hobby, and he had done the work as a pleasure. Though he granted that it was so, it did not lessen the good work that had been done, at least, he for one thought not. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Simpson had given time, talent and money in the past towards hel pine' for- ward elementary education in the Wesleyan Schools at Runcorn, and as one of the representative scholars he had pleasure in testifying to the work he had done, and in presenting him on behalf of the old scholars with the casket and the address, showing how thoroughly the ser- vices had been appreciated. The address read by Mr. Millington was as follows "To John Simpson Esq., of Dunsdale, Frodsham." Dear Sir, We, the undersigned, on behalf of the old scholars of the Runcorn Wesleyan Day Schools, desire to recognize your services to Elementary Education in Runcorn, now that the Wesleyan schools have been ac- quired by the Runcorn School Board. Ever since their institution in 1848, you have performed the important duties, of Secretary and correspondent for the schools with characteristic zeal, and efficiency. In that capacity both teachers and scholars found in you a sincere friend, many of whom date their first step towards success in life, to the kindly interest you took in their welfare. it. great success of Elementary education in the town was largely due to the ungrudging labours which you have bestowed upon the schools, and it must be a source of satisfaction to you, as it is a cause of gratification to us to look back on such a long and useful career. We there- fore, beg you to accept this token of the affectionateire- gard in which you are held, by those who have partici- pated in the advantages which your inestimable ser- vices have done so much to provide. That the continued smiles and blessing of Almighty God may rest upon you is the fervent prayer of yours sincerely W. Holland, E. Hutchinson, E. Taylor, J. Wilson, J. Unsworth, T. Chad- wick, D. Sirnkin, J. D. Jones, D. Bisbrown F. J. Nor- man, H. Jukes, B. Crosby, J. F. Moulton, WAlillington, M. J. Lightfoot, M. E. Norman, Carrie Litter, Greenway Millington, (secretary). Mr. Simpson in acknowledging the gift said it was a difficult thing to know what to say on such an occasion as that, as it only happened once in a life-time and hav- ing had no experience in such occasions before it was difficult to know how best to acknowledge the great kindness they had shown him in making that (presenta- tion. He did feel himself sincerely thankful to them for their kindness and it was certainly a proof of the feelings of his friends towards him. (Applause.) Mr. Simpson then referred at some length to the transference of the Wesleyan schools to the School Board.He said that at the time it was said that it was a very serious thing indeed for Runcorn to have the expenses of carrying on the school thrust upon the ratepayers, but the last meeting of the School Board showed that tie precept for the half year was only half the amount that it was last year and the reason was because the Wesleyan schools had handed over an amount of between £2OO and £3OO, which came to them from the Government Grant and placed the School Board in quite a different position. Mr. Simpson, in concluding, again thanked those present for their kindness to him and for their handsome presentation.

Mr. J.D. Jones, after giving reminisences of his schocl days, said he thought that it was a blessing that the schoolmaster was abrmad. His work was at the founda- tion of the national life. Yet there was a sneaking feel- ing that they were doing too much in that direction. In heavily-taxed America they did not grumble at their education rate which they in England would ca:l exces- sive,because the Americans knew that they were getting their money's worth, and he thought it would be a black day for England when the word was given to retrench in the matter of education. Scotland had had the ad- vantage of them in competition for places where know- ledge was required, simply through the splendid system of education which for many generations had been the birthright of every boy. What education had done for Scotland it would do for England. The function of the schoolmaster was to give elastic minds their proper bent, and he thought there shoutd be no barrier be- tween the school desks and the national seats of learn- ing, at Oxford and Cambridge except those which could be overcome by persistent energy on the part of the stu- dent. The retrogade measure which was now before Par- liament would never be allowed to place hindrance in the way of the rising generation. (Hear,hear,and applause.) They honoured such men as Mr. Simpson who in the dark days held aloft the lamp of knowledge, and lured the people with whom he had the most influence to the paths of progress and only gave up when the State fully awakened to its duty and took over the education of its youth. Such a man deserved the highest reward that an enlightened community could bestow upon him. (Applause.) He hoped the spirit ef such men as Mr. Simpson would always be found in the good old town. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. Millington said in representing the younger generation of old scholars he could simply join in the congratulations given to Mr. Simpson that night on the occasion of the completion of 50 years of work, in con- nection with education in Runcorn. Mr. Samuel Pope and others also briefly addressed the meeting, which closed with the usual votes of thanks.

TIIURSDAT.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair), and Colonel Ridgway. TRANSFER or LicrNsm.—Thomas Knight applied for the transfer of the Boathouse beerhouse, Wilderspool- road, from Thomas Chantler to himself. The Chief Cons able @ad the police had inquired into the man's character, and it was quite satisfactory to them.—The application was granted. ALLEGED WIFE DESERTION.—Patrick Burke, described as an ironworker last Irons Wigan, was brought up ou a warrant charged with having on the sth August, 1891, neglected to maintain his wife and two children, who had becawe chan,e- able to the common fund of the Warrington Union. Mr. Basil Shearer appeared on behalf of the Board of Guardians, and stated that the prisoner's wife and family became charge- able on the 6th August, 1891, and remained in the workhouse until the 28th of that month. They left and were re-admitted In 1892 for a hort time. Since 1892 the prisoner had sup- ported his wife and children, and they had been living to gether at Wigan. They were willing to pay the amount owing to the Guardians, 485., if sufficient time was allowed them.— Prisoner expressed his willingness to pay 6s. a wee {.-31r, Shearer That will satisfy me. —The case was adjourned for- eight weeks, and the prisoner was told that he would have to pay the 485. in the meantime.

WYCLIFFE P S.A. SOCIETY. There was a fair attendance of members on Sunday. Mr. William Beswick presided, and gave a brief and earnest cdclress from the New Testament story of "Blind Bartimreus." Mr. William Silcock delivered the add:ess tor the afternoon, and made some very pointed remarks relating to individual opinions and actior, and cou. demned the very prevalent habit of impure speech. Miss Leiglivery sweetly sang a sob " The last milestone." The Rev. John Yonge, in making the announcements, said the priz?s would be distributed on Su.iday next. Mr. Brown and Mr. David Owen assisted in the service.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASSOCIATION.

A committee meeting of the above association was held at the South Bank Hotel, on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of nominating two nembers to act as a deputation to the Conference of the Licensed Victuallers' National Defence League to be held at Manchester on the 13th and 14th of May. Mr. J. Jones (London and North-Western Hotel) and Mr. A. Hough (Rrifleman's Hotel were elected as representatives for the conference.

WELSH CHAPEL, RUNCORN. An entertainment was held in the above chapel on Wednesday evening, the programme being in the hands of Mr. W. Blinston and party from ‘Vidnes. A number of recitations, songs, bcc., were rendered, illustrated by lantern views, and the programme was concluded by the exhibition of some beautiful lantern views of Welsh scenery. Mr. Roberts occupied the chair.

ELLESMERE-STREET CHAPEL, RUNCORN. On Wednesday evening a tea meeting was held in con- nection with the Ellesmere-st. United Methodist Free Church Senior Society of Christian Endeavour.There was a good attendance of members. The subsequent meeting was presided over by Mrs. Stafford. A couple ot songs were given by Mr. Wesley Cooke, after which tue even - ing was spent in games, &c.

PRESENTLTION TO A FORMER RUNCORNIAN. From the Adelaide (South Australian) " Register " we gather that Mr. Kirkham Evans, who some years ago carried on business as a draper in High-street, Runcorn, has been the recipient of a prest3nt from his workpeople. The occasion was the severance of Mr. Evans' connection from the firm of Messrs. Kirkham Evans and Co.,tailors, Gawler-street, Adelaide. The present—a handsome dressing case—was bought by subscriptions from the employees of the firm, amongst whom general regret was expressed that Mr. Evans was giving up business.

For NAME BROOCHES, solid silver name brooches lOid, (any name) Government stamped, Presents or Articles for yourself, you may visit DEBERYS, 10, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL, where yea can get hundreds of articles such as Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. See advertisement (Illustrated Chron- grai"A Watch, 6s. 11d., etc.), on page 7 f this Paper. -Addt THE MISSING RUNCORN CAPTAIN. During Sunday a rumour was set aft,at that the body of Captain Hough had been found. rhough this turned out to be a mistake there was some ground for the rumour,as a body was found at G.rston, but the des- cription did not tally with that of the missing Runcorn captain. The hat worn by Captain Hough was found in the Ship Canal, so that the fears of his friends that he has met his death by drowning is only too likely to be well founded. EXCITING SCKNE AT TOP LOCKS, RUNCORN. On Tuesday night a seaman belonging to the schooner "Emma Grace," h d an exciting and unpleasant adven- ture in the vicinity of Top Locks, Runcorn. He was walking along the Bridgewater canal balik when by some unaccountrble means he slipped and tell into the canal. Rekg a swimmer he had no difficulty in keep- ing himselt afloat. He was assisted on to the canal bank little the worse for his immersion. RUNCORN CYCLING CLUB.

About twenty members of the above club assembled at headquarters on Wednesday afternoon and proceeded to Newton Lakes. From Warrington the outing became an inter-club run with the Northwich club. On arriv- ing at Newton a good substantial tea was proc ided by Mrs. Gorst, of the Oak 'free Hotel, and having done ample justice to it, the cyclists pleasantly passed their time on the lake and bowling greens. The return jour- ney was commenced about 6 30. This was the first official run of the Widnes lay section of the team. THE "DUSKY DIAMOND 3 "AT RUNCORN in our advertisement columns is announced a per- formance in aid of the Runcorn Branch of the Mersey Mission to Seamen. The performance under the name of' Dusky Diamonds," will be given by the inemb2rs of the Kentucky Darkies Amateur Minstrel Society, of Liverpool, and in the hands of this well-known troupe the" show "is certain to be exceptiodally good. We understand the Kentuckians have raised over £4,000 for various charities since they first began to black their faces—a record they may well be proud of. Our readers should not miss this performance or the opportunity it affords of supporting a very deserving charity. THEATRE ROYAL, RUNCORN. At this theatre a capital play entitled " The Zingara " has been staged, and the company headed by Mr. H. R. Grindall is one of all round excellence. Mr. Grindall appears in his original part" Carlos " a eipsy chief, and Miss C. Dunbeer makes a powerful " Zonetta." Mr. Frank Weston is also well cast as Norman Temple, and Miss Clarice Mignon gives a good representation of the gipsy boy. The comic element, lies in the hands of Messrs. Graham and Walton and is ably sustained. Amongst specialities introduced may be mentioned the Sisters Leonard, clever song and dance artistes who have an up to date songlon the new woman, Miss Dollie and Mr. Will Conquest, smart speciality dancers, Miss Clarice Mignon (instrumentalist), and Messrs. F. Weston and J. S. Graham. VOLUNTARY V. BOARD SCHOOLS.

An inter society debate was held on Wednesday even- ing at the meeting of the Brunswick Improvement Class, Runcorn, between the members of the St. Paul's Institute class and the members of the home class. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Simister, and there was a large attendance. The subject of the debate was "Which is best for education,voluntary or Board schools," and it was opened by the Rev. W. Stanton Jones on behalf of voluntary schools. The speaker mainly alluded to the religious education given therein. Mr. J. D. Jones.who followed, took the opposite view, and pointed out the advantages possessed by Biard schools from an educa- tional standpoint. The opener was supported by a visitor, Mr. Lunt, who was afterwards succeeded by Mr. J. Moulton. The debate was then thrown open, and Messrs. B. Crosby, W. Millington, and D. J. Brookes (Widnes),participated. The Rev..T.S. Jones was allowed the right of reply. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Widnes gentlemen for coming to Runcorn and fur- nishing the class the opportunity of spending such an interesting and profitable evening. TILEFTS FROM HIGIIFIELD TANNERY. RUNCORN.

On Tuesday afternoon Thomas James McQuinn, aged 23 years, of 44, Egerton-street, was charged at the Run- corn Police Court, before Messrs. Norman and Imison, with stealing two skins, value 65., the property of the Highfield Tannery Co.. between the 2nd and 13th inst. Mr. R.H.Posnett,manager of the works,said accused had been in the employment of the firm for about three or four months as a labourer. They had missei portions of two skins.—A witness named Dunbobbin spoke to missing McQuinn and his dinner basket on the previous day, and suspicions having been aroused the basket was examined and the skin found in it.—P.C. Gregory stated that he apprehended the prisoner at his father's house in Fox-street about noon that day and took him to the police station where he denied having taken the first skin but owned to taking the second. He fo.und a quantity of rough bits of hide.—lt was stated that defendant had been experimenting in the work of leather tanning with odds and ends, he having an idea that he had discovered a more expeaitious way of doing the work. The magistrates bound defendant over on his own rezognisances to come up for judgment when called on.

RUNCORN v. NORTHWICH LIBERAL CLUBS.—On Wednes- day a friendly match at billiards was played between representatives of the above clubs on the tables of the Ncrthwich clubs. At Runcorn where the first match was played, the home team won eight games out of 12. *ith a majority of 137 points, whereas on Wednesday, North- wich were victorious, winning 10, out of 12 games, and scoring 318 points more than their opponents. The fol- owing are the scores.

NORTHWICH R Owen W Brown J Elliot 3l J Shaw l5O W Wright 142 J Whitlow H Sexton l3B J Griffiths W J Carter

RUNCORN.

T Riley T Lea

J Crowdey T Yates J in allidqy 11 Heesom l2l 0 Starkey - 1780

===== 0002601_18960418_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
1461

Majority. On the two contests Northwich paints were more than Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

THE SUDDEN DEATH IN LEGH-STREET,

ViTitfi—refefonce to the sudden death of Mrs' Absom, in Mr. Boardman's fried fish shop, Legh-st., last Friday night, as already reported, we under- stand that the coroner has not deemed it necessary to bold an inquest. A medical certificate as to the cause of death has been given. PRESENTATION OF PRIZES AT ST. PAUL'S. Mrs. J. C. Parr, of Grappenhall Heyes, on Sunday afternoon, distributed more than 100 books as prizes to the scholars attending St. Paul's Sunday School. She also gave an instructive address on Sunday school work,and at the close was heartily accorded a vote of thanks,*on the motion of Mr. Chantry (vicar's warden), seconded by Mr. Joseph Lawless. Ihe Bev. IL V. and Mrs. Pigot were amongst those present.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL BILL.

(Continued from page 3.)

On Thu rsday Mr. Blake's Committee of the House of Commons continued the consideration of the Omnibus Bill of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, the part under consideration being that proposing to close the present tld9l rele‘hgs. Mr. W. H. Hunter, engineer of the Canal Company, was recalled for further cross-examination. Replying to Mr. Lloyd, representing the Cheshire County Council, he said he could not admit that the daily discharge from Latchford locks was not sometimes much greater than three million cubic feet. There was practically no dis- charge from the Walton locks. Mr. Pembroke Stephens said he desired to state to the committee the exact position of the borough of Warring- ton this part of the Bill. Under the existing works of the Canal Company there had been a certain diminution of the water level which formerly existed at Warrington. Warrington was advised that what was now proposed would do something to diminish the mischief they had sufferediand therefore to that extent Warrington viewed with favour the proposals of the Bill,as they would bene- fit the borough,aud desired that they should pass. This was,of course, a ,arge question,affecting many interests, and therefore Warrington preserved the right to watch the preceedings,and in the event of any alteration in the present proposals by which Warrington's interests might be affected their attitude would be changed. Mr. Pope, Q.C. (leading for the Mersey Dock Board), said it was most irregular for this statement to be made at this stage. . 1 Mr. Pope afterwards proceeded to ask questions about the proposed working of the sluices and the difference of time in high water at Runcorn and at Waltop, and in I reply, Mr. Hunter said that on a 19ft. 61n. tide high 1 water at Walton would be 2h. 10min. later than at Run- corn, and at that time the Walton sluices would be fully open. The Old Randle,s and Weaver sluices would be gradually opened, so that they would enable them to discharge the full ebb down to tho 14ft. 12m. level. The question of the discharge from the Walton sluices would be materially affected as to its efficiency by the period when that discharge would reach the incoming flood,and he calculated that the discharge would be completed nine hours before the termination of the ebb.

Slr Henry ROECJO, scientific adviser to the Joint Com- mittee for the Mersey and Irwell watershed, produced .amples of the Ship Canal water taken at different places below the Latchford locks. The result of his analyses was to show that the composition of the water below that point was really unexceptionable. There was no appreciable amount of sewage c)ming down. Be was sorry to say this was not the case with the higher por- tions of the canal.

Mr. W. H. Whec-Aer, civil engineer, who bad had ex- perience for thirty wears of tidal rivers, gave evidence, corroborating Mr. Hunter, to the effect that the closing of the tidal cpenings would be an advaiatage to the navi- gation of the canal, and would reduce the amount of dredging now required. At the same time the estuary would not be injured. Mr. Pope observed that in 1885 Mr. Wheeler gave evi- dence in favour of the tidal openings. The Chairman: I hope we are all wiser as we grow older. Mr. Pope: It should modify the confidence with which we express our opinions._

Mr. Vernon Hai:court, civil engineer, knd Sir B. Baker, President of the Institute of Civil Engineers, gave cor- raborative testimony, and as the learned counsel for the petitioners did not show much Inclination to cross- examine, Mr. Moulton said he would not trouble the Committee with any further engineering evidence. He would be Prep Ared to enter into the navigation part of the case for the promoters next day. The Committee then adjourned.

ALL SAINTS', WARRINGTON. This vestry meting, was held on Monday, the Itf,v. H. V. Pigot in the chair. There were also pr,!seril- th,. Rev. H. Brierley, Mr. P. Sudlow, Mr. Worley, Mr. Hall, and Mr. Butler., Toe accounts were passed wi:h a am to balance in hand. Mr.Sudlow was elected vicar's w,rd and Mr. Worley people's wA•Jen, Messrs. Hl and Butler were doted sidemen.

'HE COWLEY SCHOOLS, ST.

HELENS.

--- New Buildings 215,000. Endowment £80L) per annum. P Scholarships £l5O per annum. t BOYS SCRoOT. : —Headmaster. E. J. SIMPSON, M.A. formerly Foundation Scholar and Prizeman, Trinity College. Carnbrirlue.

GIRLS' sfIHOOL :—Headmistress, Miss FYFE, N.wnbam rcllege. Cambridge. • NEXT TER BEGINS TUESDAY, APRIL 21ST., ^ Fees £6 to £8 per annum. RESULTS —About 2.000 Science and Art Certificates, in- cluding 500 in the Advanced and Honour Stages, over 203' Oxro•d and Camt,idge Certificates, with many distinctions In French. ileligions Knowledge, &c., amongst others let in. England in Natural Science, 2nd do. Chemistry, let, 2nd. and, Bth do. Mathematics, 24 Cambridge Certificates (six senior), 50 Co leg' of Precentors Certificates. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and Honours List of the London , Uni— versity Examinations by several pupils direct from the sollools at which special classes are held (free) for pupils preparing for tleir examinations. Large playgrounds, cricket field, andt pavilion.

Secretary, T. BR. E.,31., Solicitor, St. Helen,.

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, Has an established reputation for giving Caren and Prono A.,t3otion to Oil wants of all Ca ;torn -q and its facilities for the production- of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle, to the biggest mural " Mammoth " are avail&ble to • the public, at prices which are strictly moderate.. Carela;s, inartistic, and slovenly printing is therban of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at" the lowest tender."

T E "EX AM TIN ER" SERIES OF LANCASHIRE AND CLIEiHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER a PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANtS. PRINTIN OR CRICKET CLUBS, PRIMING, FOR BANKS, kRt iING I t#i AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, . RINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES.. WANTEDS, t TO BE LETS„ (- WORDS, 613,.. ON SALES. ) And 3d. for each sueoeeding 9 wo-

===== 0002601_18960418_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
R _ . HOPE,

142 AND 144, LONDON-ROAD, -LIVERPOOL. STORES: MOOR-PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Opposite OWEN OwENs. Business Hours, 730 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturdays. 7.30 am. to 2 p.m. Patterns sent on application.

GIRL.—Wanted a Girl, accustomed to housewors, age 16 or 17, in a family of two.--Apply 225, PnEscoT-noArt, Fairfield, Liverpool. -

TPANTS ! TENTS !—Snitable for Gardens, Cricket, or Camping-out purposes. 4) feet in circumference, pegs, poles, mailat, and lines complete (with tent bag included). These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government, and originally cost over £6 each. I will send one complete for 3Js. Cin be sent on approval. N.B. —I have a quantity of tents from 15s to 25s each, but the tents which please my customers are those I send out at 30s• each. Carriage paid. Price list of m irquees (any size) past free.—HENRY Jukut GASSON, U-..iverainent Contractor, aye,. Sussex.

ruISTLE-NORT HMO Et RU I STRY OFFICR ; established k) 1888 ; over fifty Servants Wanted; good wages.—Mrs. COWAP, 21 Chester•road.

GrBNERAL. from country preferred ; good wages and home to a suitable person.-39 PiticE-ST., Birkenhead.

WANTED, General SErIVANT •' good references; small family; aulther kept; good wages.—Address 230 GREAT CHEE.THA.M-ST., Higher Broughton, Manchester.

NATARRINGTON. Comfortable HOUSE TO LET; lobby. p irlour, kitchen, scullery, goad bedrooms ; rent, 55.; key, 27, HOYLE ST., Beivsey-road.

17GUS FOR SITTING trout best and prize strains of 12.1 Minoreas, Leghorns, Orpingtons and Plymouth Rocks- Winners in each pen. Birds carefully selected througholgt. Price 3s. 63., carriage ptid 4s. First Cross 2s. 6d. Unfertiles rep aced if returned.-0. TURNER, Black Brook-lane, Fearn- head, Warrington.

TAIGGS for sitting, .White Leghorn, Black Minorca, Cross 1J Laying straias 3s. for 13 ; unfertile replaced; hen deserts half price; buyers risk 2s.—Hossox, Phillips-lane, Formby.

pURE White Leghorn EGGS. from 19 pullets, splendid layers, proof. 7th Decern•)er to end of March 960 eggs, 12 for Zs. 6d. --FisliEß, Allison House, Sutton, Retford, Notts.

LIKNEIZALS, COOKS, NURSES, Wanted immediately, for god situations, in New Brighton,—Mrs. RANDS, " Rockfield Agency," neabsnk-road, Liscard. Opposite Shaw Bros.

ATANTED as GENSitAL. strong active Girl about 20, used to plain coking and children; good character; no washing, but good ironer; pr,vate house ; help given.— Apply, stating wages, Mrs. i'imuns, Castle-builcHnas, Oswestry.

VITANTH NBRAL S kidtVA gT for pu'4lic-house ;;plain cooking ; good references, personal reference required. —7B, OLDIIILL-STREET. Liverpooi.

WANTED at once GENERAL, skiRVANT, about 18, must be ze2ommended ; good wages.—MßS. PULLET 35, Seariabrick N. Road. Southport.

TRY J. D. PYKE and SON for assorte-1 FISH In small parcels of 7113 23.. 101 b 23. ad., and 141 b 3s. 6d. (carriage paid). Kits of mixed Fish from 10s. upwards.—P.O. or stamps to J. D. PYKE and SON, Flih Docks, Grimsby.

COLWYN BAX.—Well-furnislied Apartments. pleass.ntly situated ; good cooking ; bath. every comfort ; board if required.—MßS. MoRGIN, lloseneath.

BRADFORD and YORK Servants' Registry.—Servants of every capacity wanted.—MlSS WILKINSoN, 41 Victoria - street, Nunnery-lane, York.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. SWINE FEVER.

NOTICE is Hereby Given, that the Board of AOcul- tore have, by an ORDER dated the 14th day of Anril, 1896, REVQI:CED, as from the 21st day of Aptil, 1896, their Order dated the 7th day of December, 1894, declaring-, amongst others, an Area comprising the County of Chester and the Boroughs of Birkenhead, Chester, Congleton, Crewe, Hyde, Macclesfield, Staly- bridge and S.tockport,to be an Area infected with Swine Fever for the purpose of the Swine Fever (Infected Areas) Order of 1894, No. 3. The effect of the foregoing Revocation is that. Swine (whether Fat or Store) may, from and after the 21st day ot April, 1896, be moved out of the County of Chester without License. Dated this 15th day of April, 1896, . REGINALD POTTS, • Clerk to the Cheshire County Coun6il. Chester.

QURvAxt —Respectable Serv,nt wanted for Penketh.- 10 Apply Mrs. HODGKINSON, 46, Bridge-street, Warring- ton. .

COUNTY PALATINE OF LANCASTER. ORDER OF THE BOARD OF AGRICULTURE. Dated 14th April, 1896. SWINE FEVER (INFECTED AREAS) REVOCATION ORDER of 1896.

The Board of Agriculture, by virtue and in excercise of the powers in them vested under the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, and of every other power enablinc, them in this behalf, do order, and it is hereby ordpreg„ as follows :- 1. The Orders described in the Schedule to. this Order, to the extent described in that Schedule, aver hereby from Red after the commencement of this Order REVOKED, provided that such revocation shall not invalidate or make unlawful anything done under the Orders hereby revoked, or any of them, or affect any license or authority granted, or any agreement made, or any right, title, obligation, or liability accrued thereunder before the com- mencement of this Order, or interfere with the in- stitution or prosecution of any proceedings in re- spect of any offence committed against, or any penalty incurred under, the Orders hereby revoked, or any of them, before the commencement Of this• Order. ..• 2. I his Order shall come into operation on the 21st day of April, 1896. 3. This Order may be cited as the Swine Fever .(In- fectrd Areas) Revocation Order of 1896. I In witness wherenf the Board of Agriculture have. hereunto set their official seal, this 14th day of 4pril,. 1869. L.S. (Signed) T. H. ELLIOTT, Secretary.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIREDULE.-ORDERS REVOKED.

The Swi-n; Fever (Infected Are)order of 1894. No. 3.a. The Order of December 7th, 1894, declaring 10 Swine Fever Infected Areas, so far as it is unrevoked. . Orders declaring Worcestershire, Essex, and Shrop- shire infected areas.

Adver9sed by order of the Local Authority. FRED C. HULTON, Clerk of the County Cquncil. 00unt7 Offices, Preston, April 15th, 1896. '

===== 0002601_18960418_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
1 . • ) .! , , 4 , . • .

ni.i

===== 0002601_18960418_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
F URNIS II THROUGHOUT AT GERSHON'S

44, OLDHAM - STREET, MANCHESTER. NEXT TO THE ADELPHI BANK, 17. 19, and 21. HILTON-STREET, all adjoining and COMMUNICATING with 44, OLDHAM-2111E1M

MANCHE ITER

MARVELLOUS BARGAINS IN GENUINE SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, PIANOS, ac., GILLOW,

DOVESTON, 6NOWDON,

DYSON,

'OGDEN, LA.MB,

AND OTHER NOTED MAKERS.

• TOWN TALK AND COUNTRY CHAT Subject STRAIGHTFORWA.iiDNESS. HONESTY, LESS HUMBUG: AND FAIR DEALING. Mr. GERSHON is amused at the advertising war now rag- ing, and each one seems to adopt the same means by copying kds advertisement. Mr. GERSHON' implores all t intending Purchasers to beware of base imitations, who, jealous of his vast triumphs, puff their secondary goods, but which are in reality much inferior. Mr. GERSHON takes his stand upon the rock of "Honesty and Justice," which arethe guiding vrinoiples of his business, and from which precepts time nor tide will cause him to rece

===== 0002601_18960418_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
TERMS OF BUSINESS :-

QOODS ,PACKED AND DELIVEI,ED FREE. ' Ria-LIVAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS. '

_ GOODS ST9RED FB.EII TILL REQUIRED. " REMEMBER."

Any lof advertised may be h3.d on the deferred :payment system at a charge of 5 per cent. - Goods exchanzed if not satisfactory. Mr. Gershon. will pnrchase or take in exchange a single article or complete houses cf furniture.

COMPARE PRICES. LATE THE PROPERTY OF A BANDMASTER. Complete house of furniture, consisting of the whole furniture f• r three rooms, sitting room, bedroom, full size bedstead, mattrass, bEd, bolster, pillows, sheets, blankets, bolster case, pillow slips, and kitchen complete, all like new; price 14 guineas, or 5 per cent extra on the deferred payment system. Call and inspect them. No harm done if you don't buy.

GERSHON'S TINIVERSAL ARCADE. 44, oidham-stoet, Manchester. ( ext to the Adelphi Bank).

LATE the PROPERTY of a SCHOOLMASTER. Charmiug House of Furniture, really like new. It . consists of dining rcom soite in leather, extending dining , table, carpet, rug, fender, fire brasses, lace curtains, window A. pole complete, magnificent bedroom suite (not painted, solid wood), enclosed dressing-table, large bevelled glass attached; enclosed washstand, marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shav- ing mirror, they form to complete chest of drawers; full-size handsome black and brass bedstead, wire spring mattress, • bed, holster, pillows, sheets, b ankets, pillc.w slips, bolster cases, toilet set, carpet, complete furniture for kitchen, floor- Cloth for same, ditta for lobby and stairs. Call End inspect the lot. Get a complete list, and you will say they' • are a marvel of cheapness for 24 guineas, or 5 per cent extra on the deferred payment system. ' 4 - •

GERSHON, UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, Oldham-street, Manchester. next to the Adelphi Bank

T AT E THE PROPERTY OF A POSTMASTER. JLI Another complete home, well worthy the attention of those about furnishing, all made by a noted maker; dining- room,drawing-room,three bedrooms complete and kitchen.any amount of sundries, all guaranteed, condition is spotless, call and see them, packed, warranted, and delivered for £3B, or 5 per cent, extra if on the deferred payment. system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE THE PROPERTY' OF A DOCTOR AT HIGHER BROUGHTON. This lot was let on hire by a house who charged £175 for them; the lot wants seeing to effect a speedy sale; magnifi- cent dining-room in solid walnut (the sideboard is well worth M 5). the drawing-room in inlaid rosewood, the bedrooms are in satin walnut wood and American walnut. grand bedsteads, coil painting, kitchen furniture, dinner set, and sundries; apace prevents anything like a complete list, call to see them. Don't forget they were sent out on hire for £175; my price, 8.54, or 5 per cent. extra on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A MANCHESTER MERCHANT, who was only married seven months. The goods are offered for sale by order of the trustees, in consequence of death, Every article is like new, and I guar- rantee that no house in Manchester can,supply a complete house like it for four times tlip price quoted. I may here remark that the carpets and floor covering,, being planned to the rooms, I have arranged to supply new carpets and linoleums. and whoever buys the lot will have perfect free- dom to select the same. The dining room, drawing room, and various bed rooms are furnished with goods of the best quality. All I ask is for intending customers to inspect the lot, which I offer for f.. 98. cash, warranted and delivered, or 5 per cent extra on tire deferredipayment system. ?*

GERSHON'S 'UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, oidham-stret, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A CLERGYMAN

Such a nice smart Dining Rooni in Leather: Smalls.hairs (padded bark), conch, and easy Chairs to match, solid ftmes, spring stuffed, a dead bargain for .L 5 15s •, handsome side- board to match, with bevelled glass back, £4 18s. ; extending dining table, to match with extra leaf,3Bs.; large size carpet, bordered, and rug to match, 285.; overmantel, a perfect beauty, 305.; fender, dogs, and fire brasses, 18s, the lot; or the entire dining-room lot as above for £l6 Is., or five per •cent extra on the deferred payment system.

GBBSHON'S UNIVBRSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank

LATE THE PROPERTY OF MRS. WOODWIN. A charming Suite,which I have re-covered in handsome saddle bags; the woodwork is second han, covering new small chairs, easy chairs, and couch,all tc, `;ch ; worth £l5; price now, £5 15s. Cabinet. Table, and Ove, mantel to match. making a charming lot for very little money, Add 5 per tent, if on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester next to the Adelphl Bank,

UTE THE PROPERTY OF A BANKRUPT SILK MERCHANT. Without doubt the handsomest fittings for a dining-room ever seen. Money cannot buy better. The small chairs are most handsomely carved. The lounge chairs and couch are all upholstered in a real crocodile leather, everlasting wear. The handsome sideboard, overmantel. an large extending dining table are all in dark Wavy black) Chippendale maho- gany. I am informed they cost nearly £200; can uow be had for 68 guineas, I have also the drawing room, which is simply magnificent, and a number of bedroom suites. One suite is in real satinwood, richly inlaid, and I know for a positive fact it cost two years since 250 guineas, and is now on offer for 85 guineas. Another massive suite in solid wal- nutwood cannot be described, it's quite equal to new, in fact, better, it cost £9s—the invoice is in my possession—can now be had for 55 guineas, warranted and delivered.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank

LATE the PROPERTY of an HOTEL PRO- PRIETOR. A Number of Bedroom Suites. Each suite has a wardrobe with bevelled glass door, enclosed dressing-t ble, gllss at- tached ; enclosed washstand, with marble slab,tile back, and shaving mirror; bedside cupboard, rail aid chairs. In the goods are Ash, liirch. Walnut, Mahogany, Cyprus, and other woods ; prices.?. 8, 10, 12, 15, and 18 guineas the suite. One Suite, with 61t. 6in. wardrobe and eltt. toilets cost £4O, for 27 guineas, or 5 per cent, extra on the defersed payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-STREET. MA.NCHESTER.

LATE THE PROPERIY OF AN ACCOUNT- ANT. Several BOOKCASES, in various sizes and woods. Very nice Mahogany Blokcase, tift. wide, top part enclosed with glass folding doors, moveable shelves, lower portion enclosed with cupboards and drawers; price. only £4 18s. Another sft. wide ; another 6ft. wide, and a Grand Carved Oak Book- case; cost £BO. for 27 guineas.

ON VIEW AT GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

GERSHON, next to the ADPILPHI BANK, 44, OLDHAISI-STREBT, MANCEIESTBR.

BE CAREFUL, SECOND-HAND FURNITURE is being Advet. tised, and COMMON NEW LONDON RIIBBISH IS BEING SOLD.

GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE.

REM EM BEE

RAILWAY FARES ARE PAID FOR COUNTRY MS- TOMBRS.

REMEMBER,

ALL GOODS ARE DELIVEnED CARRIAGE

REMEAIBER,

OBRSHON'S:ADDRESSPIS NEXTITOITHE ADELPHI BANK, 4, OLD H AM-STREET, • MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRIDAY.— Before Alderman Harrison (ehair -nen), Alderman Wright, Dr. Gornall and Mr. S. Wright. CLOG-FIGHT BETWEEN WOMEN.—Mary Mannion. Ashton's 'ard, was charged with assaulting Celia Mitchell on the Bth April.—Defendant pleaded not guilty and complainant deposed to meeting defendant and after some words, the former Arty* her. She then seized a clog and struck com- plainant on ths head, euttinc it and necessitating surgical aid.—A Mrs. Moores, neighbour, said both struck blows and both haddsold of the clog at different tirnes.—P.C. Marsh said he was called to the " scene of the battle" and found defend- ant with a brick in her hand and complainant with a clog in her hand. Both were bleeding and both drunk.—The defend- ant who had made 9 appeavances was bound over to keep the peace for 6 months and ordered to Pay 6s. 64. costs. INTEMpERANcE.—A young woman named Isabel Chapell, 86, Knutsford-road was dismissed with a can ion for being drunk and diserderly in the Market on Thursday night. CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—Josnah Massey, Lythgoes-lane. was •charged with cruelty to a horse by causing it to be worked ing it while in an unfit state on the 24th March.—lnspector Bilson proved the case:and said the horse was aged. spav- ined, had a diseased fetlock and had a sprained tendon.— Defendant was fined the costs on the undertaking that the animal was destroyed. AN UNSANITARY CANAL BOAT.—Thomas Sweettnan, master of the flat Winchester, was charged with not having the cabin of his flat in a clean and habitable condition.—lnspector Nor- man said he found the flat at Howley Quay, and the cabin was in a dirty condition. Defendant said he slept there the night before.—Mr. Thompson, representing the Ship Canal Company. said the boats were not meant to be ased as dwel- lings and the men were allowed lodging-money when away from horne.—A fine of 10s. including costs was imposed. WIFE DEsEßTiox.—WilUam Wright, 22 Knntsford-road was sammoned for deserting his wife on the 6th August.— Mr. Browne appeared for complainant, and said that 'one night in August defendant came home and assaulted her. He heard she was going to summons him arid took the furniture away. He had not supported her sinoe.—Complainant cor- roborated.—Mr. Davies appeared for defendant, and said con, Plainant's statement was a tissue of lies. Complainant had scarcely ever b.en sober while married. He stated that com- plainant was drunk when defendant came on the 6th of August. She also pushed him out of the, houie and struck him, she told him to gO and never cotn . near the house again. Clara Hesketh. 107 Manchester-road, hear I the noise on the 6th August. Mrs. Wright used abusive language to defend- ant and pushed him out and struck him. She was drunk and witness had seen her drunk before. The neighbours cried shame, upon her.—P.C. Condliffe visited defendant's house on the 6th August. Hie face was bruised Complainant would not admit either witness or defendant.—Defendant sup- ported Mr. Davies' statement.—Elizabeth Littiewood. daugh- ter of defendant, said complainant was not a sober woman.— The magistrates said that the charge of desertion had not been made out, and dismissed the case. SATURRAY.-134fore Mr. J. Burgess (in the chair) and Mr. J. Geddes. .

EXTENSIVE THEFT OF JOINERS' TOOLS.—Benjamin Dobson, an elderly man, residing at 17, River-road. Latchford, was charged with stealing from a warehou-e in Lythgoes-lane between the 6th and 7th April, a eq are, hammer, and a quantity of joiners' tool, the property of John Or nt ; he was further ,tharged with stealing from the "arne place a brace and wood-gauge, the.propfil y of Robert Wi,eman.— Defend- ant pleaded gnilty to both charges. The Chief Constable (Mr. Luke Talbot) said Mr. Grant was a cabinet-maker in Lythgoes-lane and Dobson had worked fo, him. For some time and from time to time tools had been missed including those in Court. Mr. Grant's lot were valued at 16s. Other tools, the property of a fellow workman named Wiseman also disappeared awl were valued at 12s. The matter culminated on Friday in Mr. Grant informing the police. Detective-Sergeant Monaghan made enquiries and found that on the 7111 of April the prisoner had pledged one of the squares at the pawnshop of Mr. Morton, St- James'-st. The offi •er followed this clue and arrested Dobson and charged him. He was perfectly frank and gave the police What assist- ance he could. He revealed the whole of the articles name,l In the charges. Defendant was well-known in Warrington and up to the pre.ent had borne an unblemished' character. The square was the only thing be had di,posed of. The probable cause of his falling away was that he had recently taken to drink to some extent.—Mr. Burgess: Tha", is no excuse. Mr. Talbot It may be some exolanation.—Robert, Wiseman, 5, Battersby-lane, said when the goods disappeared no suspicion attached to defendant —Detective-Se)geant Monaghan and Mr. Grant gave e-irroborative evidenca.— Defendant was tined 20s. and costs on each charge (£a in all) or in default a month's hard labour for each.

MONDAY. —Before the Mayor (chairman), Councillor Pier- pc:Ont. and Mr. F. Monks. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—WiIIiam Lythgoe, 13. Silver- square, and John He .ton, Fria. s' Green, were eack fined ss. and costs for being drunl, and disorderly on Saturiay night. FURIOUS Dravrna.—Thom is Finch, jun., 56 rewsey- oad, was charged with driving a bread van furiously down Powys- street on the 2nd Anril. He pleaded not guilty.—P.C. Evans deposed to seeing defendant on the day in questim drive the van down Powys-street at 11 or 12 miles an hour. He was going from side to side and did not appear to have control of the • horse.—A. railway signalman supported the constable's evidence and defendant was fined 10s. and costs.

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett ,in the chair). and Dr. T.

S. Smith

ASSAULT ON THE POLICE.— James Stringer, 16 Foundry-st., was charged with being drunk and dis-irderly in Foundry-et on Monday afternoon; he was further charged with assault- ing P.C. Sankey at the same time and place.—P.C. Sankey after proving the first charge said that when he proceeded to take prisoner into custody there were about 100 people round him. Prisoner was very violent and struck him in the mouth, loosening one of his teeth. He closed with him and struggled for about 10 minutes. P.C. Corcoran then came to his assistance, and together they conveyed prisoner to the Police Station. They had Almost to carry him. When there he refused to be searched, and in the cells they had to fake his clogs off because of his violence—PC. Corcoran corrobo- rated, and Mr. Talbot (chief constable) also deposed as to the prisoner's violence at the station. He struggled like a mart- man and attempted several times to strike the officers, par- ticularly Sankey.—Prisoner was fined rs. and costa. A RIOTOUS TOPER —Thomas Pradshaw, a man from St. Helens, wcs charged with being gully of drunkenness and disorderly behaviour on the previous night in Bridge-street. P.C. Plumb deposed to taking the man into custody with the assistance of Inspector Taylor, and the latter stated that Bradshaw had given them great trouble in lodging him in the Bridewell. A fine of 103. and costs was imposed. BREACH oF THE PEACE —William Conno • 36th appear- ance. Was charged on a warrant, with not appearing to a summons issued against him for creating a brearth of the peace, by fighting in Golden-Grove-st., on the 7th Septem- ber. P.C. Lewis said that on the evening of the date named prisoner was found fighting with a man whose name was Woods. Both were summoned,and the latter was dealt with Tint the former did not answer to the summons, and a w tr- rant had been issued for his apprehension.—refendant pleaded guilty to fighting,t ut said it was in self-defence. The Bench bound him over for six months in his own surety of RS.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS,

WEDNE9DAY.—Before Captain Withingto7sin the chair), Mr

• G. Comber, and Mr. J. White. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—The following persons werc fined for being drunk and disorderly on divers dates : Dennis Hines and Pitrick Hines. Burtonvvood, fined 2s. 6d. and costs; Mary Ann Jones. Sankev, 2s. 61. and posts, ; David Owen, Burton wood. ss. and costs; William Collier, Croft, ss. and cost,; William Green, Croft, 5s and costs. DOG AT LARGE.—George Anders, Bnrtonwood, was fined Ts. 6d. including costs for allnwing his dog to be at larg- un- muzzled on the 30th March ; for the same 'offence Blizabeth Hankey. Orford, was fined a like amount. BREACH OF THE PEACE —Martin C nnor and John Thomas fcr fighting in Croft on the 3rd April were bound over to keep the peace for three months. A CA.FiE ADJOURNED.—Garratt Ronayne was summoned for erecting a building on land at Newton without having had the plan passed by the local authority.—Mr, Stuart appeared for defendant and applied for three weeks a ijournment wirch Mr. Worsley, prosecuting on behalf of the Newton Distr.ct, Council, agreed to.

pußs. —SEALSKIN JACKETS and FDRS of every des cription Cleaned or Re—Dyed and Altered. Fur Skint. Dressed and Made-up into Rugs, Muffs, Collars, &c.—B. CooKE, Manufacturing Furrier 11 Upper Newington, and 21, Benshaw-street,Liverp9ol, Established over 21 years

===== 0002601_18960418_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
IrTF EXAMINER, SATURDAY. APRIL 18, 1896.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS,

34TunDIr.TBe1ore Mr. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), Colonel

Wood. Messrs. R. Stone, and b. B. F. Borron.

THE SELLING OF " LUCKY PACKETS "—Thorns--Stokes. was charged with having on the 2nd inst., been a dealer in '* lucky packets,"—P.S. Bancks stated that •at ten minutes pest eight on the 2nd mat, the defendant was in charge of a stall at Barlestown market. He had a basket full of small packets which he sold at a penny each. Some of the packets contained tickets only, and others entitled the purchaser to a prize. Witness in company with P.C. Turner, purchased a packet and obtainerl a purse as a prize '1 he Chairman said it was the first case they bad had before them of that kind and a nominal fine of is. and costs would be imposed.— Thomas Melbille was charged with 'a similar offence on the 2nd inst. Defendant did not appear.—P.S. Bancks gave evidence as to purchasing a packet from the defendant which entitled him to a pocket book P.C. Turner purchased one, and he re- ceived a ring.—The Chairman : You don't seem to have done so badly in your purchases.—P.S. Barnes Lots of children sp.tat shillings'withthe defendant and got nothing. —A fine of ss. and costs was imposed. AN BARLESTOWN G Froesm's WEre-ters.—Michael Meliermott, grocer, Derby-street, Berlestown, was charged with having in his posse,sion for use in trade two four lbs. weights, and one two lbs. weight, which were unjust.— Mr. James Shepherd, inspector of weights and measures, stated that on the 3:th March he visited the defendant's shop and found a four lb. weight which was six sirahms light. another one four draehms light, and one two lb. weight, two drachms light—Defendant, who did not appear, was fined 10s. and costs, and the weights were ordered to be forfeited. POACHERS IN TROURLW—SamueI Mains and John Williams were charged with trespassing in pursuit of game on the morning of the 22nd March.—Williams p'eaded guilty, but Mains did not app.er.—Mr. Stuart, solicitor, prosecuted, and stated that a man named Henry Squires saw the defend- ant in company with the other man mentioned, on land in the occupation of the exeentors of the late Mr. Stone, trying some rabbit burrows. On seeing Squires they went away, but were afterwards found on the land in th occupation of Mr. Kr:l.foot at Winwick. This time of the year was the worst period to disturb rabbits, and ny doing so the defend- ants caused more damage than if they took one.—Henry squires. watchman in the employ of Mr. Stone, eonfirmei Mr. Stuart's statement. The defendants were in possession of a ferret and nets,—Williams was fined 109. and costs, and a warrant was issued against M rins. David Ma wson.of Hay- dock, was also charged with having on the 3rd April at Hay- dock,cornrnitted trespass by entering certain land in the ()ICU- pi.tion of John Owen in search of game. Defendant. admitted being on the land but not in ti.,arrh of rabbits. -Mr. Stuart, solicitor, said he prosecuted on behalf of Lord Newton. On the evening of the 30th ult , a witness named Wood. nephew of Mr. Owen's, was going over his uncle's farm, and he saw a man he knew to be a companion of the defendant's. He came to the conclusion that Mawson was not far off. On going a little further he saw Mawson standing near a rabbit hole, and afterwards sew a ferret come from it Mawson put the nets in his polkets and said 14 was searching for rats. What made the offence worse was that in February last, the defendant was fined 20s. and costs for a similar offence, not one hundred yards from the place where he was seen by Wood —Alfred John Wood gave corroborative evidence. The defendant was accompanied by a dog. He told witness that he had been ferreting for rats, but witness told him there were n rats in a rabbit hole.—Samuel Watkins, keeper in the employ of Lord Newton, also gave evidence.—A fine of 20s. and costs was imposed. PITCH etspl'oss.—For engaging in this game of chance. three youths named John Hineley, John Bolton, and Edwin `Villiams, all of Golborne, were dealt with. Hingley who ; had been previously summoned, was fined 2s, 6d. and costs, sad the two others, the costs. UNMUZZLED Does.—James Knowles and John Atherton were each fined 3s. 6d. including costs for allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled at Haydoek. ASSAULTING A POLICEMAN.—John Gill was charged with having at Haydock on the 7th April been drunk and dis- orderly. and also with assaultiug P.C.Rawcliffe whilst in the. execution of his duty.—P.C. Raweliffe stat,d that he saw th defendant drunk in Church-lane, Haydock. on the date named. Witness approached him and the defendant struck him twice in the face. They closed together, and when on the ground, the defendant kicked him about the body and lees. Witness blew his whistle, and another constable came to his assistance.—A fine of 10s. and costs for assault was insposed. and a further fine of ss. and costs for being drunk and dis- orderly. or in default fourteen days' imprisonment. DRUNK AND DISORDERKY.—The following were fined for being drunk and disorderly :—James Atherton, 2s. 6d, and costs; Thomas Bayley, 2s. 6d. and costs; Arthur Lee. 5s and costs ; Joseph Gerrity, 24. 6d. and costs : Thomas Glover, James Mulligan, William Travis, Pattick Priest, of Hay doek, 2s. 6d. and costs; John Ward, 59. and casts; John Webster. ss. and costs; William Cunliffe, 29. 6d. and costs; Thomas Sutton, 2s. 6d. and costs; and Michael G-amon, 2s. 6d, and costs.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY—Be, ore Messrs. J. BrundreEt and T. Rigby.

OFFENCE AGAINRT THE MARKET LAW.— Peter Sefton was summoned for committing a breach of the Markets and Fairs Act by selling fish outside the market boundary.—Tn- spector Garrett proved the case and stated that he had warned the defendant several times, and 11, had practically set the authority at defiance. Defendant was fined ss. and 9s 6d. costs.

THE DRUNK LlST.—Levi Knowles was fined ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Stone-st., on April Ist; Margaret Badilow was fined ss. and 9s. 6d. costs for being drunk and disorderly in Stone-st.. on April 2nd • John Bus- hell was fined ss. and costs' for being drunk and disorderly In High-st.. March 27th; John Saunders was fined ss. and 9s. 6d costs for being drunk ad disorderly in Bllesmere-st , on April 2nd ; and Henry White was fined ss. and cos's for being drunk and disorderly in Princess-qt., on April 6th. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—William Bills. Surrey-st.; William Marshall. Gihert-street ; John Weaver, Shaw-street; John Saunders. Bllesmere-et.; and John Basnett, Cavendish- st, were fined ss. each for:neglecting to send their children to scholl.

AN ALLEGED ASSlPLT.—Patrict Mulkearn was charged with assaulting Patrick Dignar on the 10th inst. The assault according to complainant's evidence consisted of several kicks administered to kim by defendant. but as there was no corroborative evidence the case was dismissed. TRESPASSING IN PURSUIT OF CAME.—Richard Dakin was charged with coming from land at Halton in possession of game on April 3rd.—P.C. Wylie said that about 5 30 a.m. he was on duty and saw defendant on land near the highway leading to Halton. Defendant shot a- hare and then went alcmg the highway towards Halton. When he saw witness defendant went on to the land again and witness followed him and found he had the hare and a double barrelled gun (prodoced) in his possession —Defendant who pleaded guilty was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

ELLESMERE-ST. MISqION.-ANNIVERSARY SERVICES.

The Rev. J. Kirtlan, formerly superintendent of the Warrington circuit, but now of Doncaster, preached the agniversary services in connection with Ellesmere-street Mission on Sunday. Services were conducted there, morning and evening, and were attended by large con- gregations. The Rev. J. Kirtlan expressed t-e pleasure it (7ave-liiin to renew his acquaintance with the people at the Ellesmere-street Mission. He preached two ex- cellent sermons, and in the afternoon conducted a ser- vice in Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel. The subject of his address was " Song, and its place in the worship of God." Special solos were sung by Master Charles Baker, of Manchester, including " Angels ever bright and fair," and "I know that my Redeemer liveth." His singing was greatly appreciated. The coll-ctions taken durinc, the day on I ehalf of Ellesmere-street Mission, realised £8 13s.

The public meeting held on Monday evening in Bold- street Wesleyan schoolroom was presided over by Mr. Henshall, and he was supported on the platform by the Revs. Owen Watkins, J. Gunnell, W. G. Triggs, and J. Kirtlan. After devotional exercises, the Chairman said h. thought the friends at Ellesmere-street Mission made a happy selection when they invited the Rev. J. Kirtlan to come to the anniversary services. He was sure that if there was one place in the Warrington cir- cuit where the people had a warm place in their hearts for Mr. Kirtlan it was at Ellesmere-st. (Ap- plause.) He was sure Mr. Kirtlan would be delighted with the reception he got. on coming amongst them again.He hoped that the offer of Mr.lsaac to give £5O to the mission if another £5O were raised would be taken up. IF they raised thst amount the debt on the mission would he wiped off, and the friends at Ellesmers-st. would be able to commence with a clean sheet.--Miss Rose Blackhurst and Mr. C. P. Price contributed two vocal items in an admirable manner.—Mr. J. E. Barlow gave an interesting account of the work being clime at the mission. He said they had a capital Sunday school with about 250 names on the school books. The Band of Hope was going on successfully, and there was also a penny bank to which the scholars subscribed from a penny upwards. Durinri the year they had paid over 1,60. (Hear, hear.) The bank in- volved considerable labour—Mr. Gregson and himself had to be there every week—but they were trying to en- courage thrift. (Anplause.) They were looking forward to brighter and happier days at the Mission, and they hoped their friends would help thern"liberally. Towards the .-c250 which they honed to raise, they had already in hand £39 183. 61., and several promises of help had been made.—Songs were now agreeably rendered by Miss Hannah Broinsh and Mr. S. Hassan, and Miss Bessie Dutton. of Moore, held the audience in rapt attention while she read a piece from Dickens's works.—The Rev. J. Kirtlan, in the course of a short address, said that whilst there was a great deal of enthusiasm in many places for missions in Manchester and London, to what they called the masses, there did not appear to be the same amount of enthusiasm towards missions which were in their own midst. Whilst anxious for the success of missions elsewhere, he thought charity should begin at home. In Warrington there were probably thousands who never went to a place of worship, and it was very inconsistent for them to be enthusiastic for mission work elsewhere and apathetic ' about such work in their midst. He was glad that there , were some who saw the importance of mission work in , their own town, and who wer t trying to do good work in a neighbourhood that needed it. The speaker then Procesteded to trace the history of the mission which commenced in a humble way in a schoolroom. When the property was sold they were obliged to go elsewhere and the present mission-room in Ellesmere-street was :trected. To make the mission a complete success several things were needed. It was necessary that 'here should he a large and thoroußhly well- 'rained and disciplined choir, It was also the du+y of every member of the Wesleyan church t, see that the mission did not lack workers and funds. He referred to the 250 children attending the Sunday school. He did not think there was enrugh raver in the Stinds7 schools. There were some Sunday ;chools where there was scarcely a prayer offered from quarter's end to another/ If the Sunday schools —re to he a success th.re must be more prayer by ; -ambers an(' scholars. In conclusion, he urged all to be z in C'sri‘tian work.—sons were afterwards sums Miss R >se Illackhurst,Miss Hannah Brough, and Mr. ; price. The meeting terminated with the Passim" of a vote of thanks on the motion of the Rev. W. G. Triggs, seconded by Mr. Levi Richardson.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS, .111&GAZINES, ETC.

MACMILLAN AND CO.—The latest of the Illus- trated Standard Novels from the office of these publishers is Thomas Love Peacock's final work, " Gryll Grange." Mr. George Saintsbury writes the introduct on to the book and says "The advance in good temper ot " Gryll Grange" on "Crotchet Castle" is denied by no one. The book, though long for its author, is not in the least overloaded, and no aigns of failure have been detected in it except by those who upbraid the still further severance between the line of Peacock's thought and the line of what:is vulgarly accounted progress, and who almost openly impute decay to powers no longer used on their side but against them. I think also it fully deserves the description of being one of the lightest and brightest of Peacock's novels." The illustrations are from the facile pen of Mr. F. H. Townsend, with whose work readers of the Illustrated Standard Novels will be familiar.—The Tennysonian People's Edition is this time represented by "The Brook" (which includes 16 other poems) and "Idylls of the King." Bath of these like the previous issues con- tain about 100 pages.—ln its monthly budget of stories the St. Nicholas Magazine for April con- tains an interesting article on "Flying Machines," by Mr. Tudor Jenks; the article is well illustrated by pictures of the ideas and models of would-be aerial navigators.--" Macmillan's Magazine," and the 'Century Magazine" for the present month are both excellent numbers, the latter commencing . with a capabie and well-illustrated ahicle on "The Old Olympic Games," by Allan Marquapd, Mrs. Ward's serial "Sir George Tressady,' which com- menced in the November number, has reached a stage which proves that the good promise of the opening chanters has been realised. There is also a paper on "Four Lincoln Conspiracies," being an ac- count of the four plots against President Abraham Lincoln—three to murder and one to kidnap, and including new particulars of the flight and capture of the assassin. —No.7 of "The History of Mankind" exhaustively deals with the family and the State in Oceania and religion in Oceania. The beautifully- coloured frontispiece shows the weapons anal uten- sils from Melanesia and Micronesia. H. MARSHALL AND SON.—These publishers have issued for 1896 a guide book to the chief towns of Italy under the title of "How to visit Italy," hv Henry S. Lunn, MD. The book contains over 200 pages and is most complete and serviceable. There are 14 illustrations of objects and buildings of beauty and importance, and 8 maps., Two are of large size and their accommodation is provided for in two pockets, one of which is inside each half of the cover. These two maps are of Italy (coloured) and Rome. The book is also strongly bound in red cloth and the- printing is clear and readable. GEORGE NEWNES AND CO.—ln the "Strand Musical Magazine" for the current month is a Prize Competition Piece. This is one page of music, and the proprietors offer 3 guineas to the person who sends in the correct title of the piece and the best brief description of it. There is also included a short biography of " Beethoven" by Cecile Hatzfleid, character sketches of famous singers, a short story and of course Ole usual quantity of first-class music.—There are some splendid complete stories and articles in "The Strand" for this month, and Mr. Conan Doyle's serial "Rodney Stone" has arrived at a 'period of importance.—" Woman's Life," as a ladies paper is gaining popularity and the Easter Holiday number is a truly excellent one.—Another new publication from the same office is "England's History as pictured by famous painters," and compiled by -A. G. Temple, F.S.A. Part 1 contains 20 beautiful reproductions the first three of which are " Commerce between the Ancient Britons and the Phoenicians," by Lord Leighton: "Stonehenge," by Frank Dillon. R. 1.; and "Lear and Cordelia," by Ford Madox Brown. The size of the magazine is the same as "Round London " which has been run- ning for some months, and the printing of the pic- tures is of the finest and on highly-glazed paper. Each part is 6d —" Peg Woffington," by Charles Reade, is the last issued of the Penny Library of Famous Books.—" The Navy and Army" comes out in another special number, illustrating the Foreign and Reserve Squadrons. There is also a four-page article on" The Naval Defence of the Empire.' A. CONSTABLE AND CO.—The proprietors of the " Artist " have inaugurated a series of Monthly Prize Competitions, for drawing. Those in the pres- ent number are prizes one of two guineas and two of half-a-guinea each for the best idea of a poster or show-card for " The Artist," intimating that it is "sold here." Full particulars are given in the April number.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH SALE OF WORK.

The annual sale of work held in connection with St. Paul's Church,Warrington, was opened in the Kendrick. street school, by Mrs. Greenall, of Grappenhall There was a numerous attendance at the initial pro- ceedings including the Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pigot, the Rev. H. Brierlev,Mrs. Brierley,Mrs. Braide, Mr. J. Law- less, Mr., Mrs. and Miss Finney, Mrs. Parr, Mrs. Logan Wright, Mrs. H. Greenall,Mr. C. White, and the Misses White, Mr. and Mrs. W. Chantrv, Mr. J. White,Captain Chorley, Rev. J. C. and Mrs. Pigot (St. Helens), Mrs. Beamont„ Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Mrs. W. D. Jeans, Alderman Sutton, Dr. Nuttall, Mr. and Mrs. A. Pigot, Mr. and Mrs. Irving, Mr. H. Pigot, Miss Birley, Miss Ainsworth, Miss Comber' Mrs. Alderman Harrison, Mrs- P. Greenall, and Mrs. V. Davies. There were nine stalls in the room and all were well stocked with an infinite variety of articles, from a comfortable wicker chair to a parrott and cage. Wearing ap- parel was of course the main thing for sale, and of this there was an excellent choice. With the bright stalls,the coloured maps and drawings on the walls, and a little fancy work attached to the gas brackets, the schoolroom presented a gay and cheerful appearance,by no means detracted from by the number of people present. The stallholders were as follows : Stall I. Mrs. Gibson Smith, Mrs. Edwin Woods,and Mrs. Peacocke ; (2) Miss Geddes and Mrs. Hepherd ; (3) Mrs. Chantry and Miss Chantry ; (4) Mrs. Finney and Miss Finney ; (5) Miss Atherton, Mrs. F. Atherton and Mrs. J. Atherton ; (6) Miss Lytlagoe, Miss Craik, and Miss Robinson ; (7) refreshment stall, Miss Westwell, MrrG. Braide, Miss Braide, Mrs. Fryer, Miss Sewart (Wigan), and Miss Hulda Houghton ' • (8) flower stall,Mrs.Markell, Miss Melcolm (Belfast), and Miss Bottomley (London) ; (9) Miss Ethel and Miss Bessie Richardson; bran pie, Miss L. Rathbone and Miss E. Pickton. Previous to calling upon Mrs. Greenall, the VICAR. the Rev. H. V. Pigot, said they were met once more on an occasion which for their parish was a very important one, namely to open the annual sale of work. He had explained in former years how very necessary the sale of work was to the success of the parish. On the last occasion he made what seemed to be rather a startling statement to some, that St. Paul's parish in Warrington was the poorest and started £lOO a year behind the next poorest. That fact made it necessary that they should adopt all legitimate means of raising money in order that the work that was going on there could be carried on without interruption. He would give them a tew figures to show what the sale had done during the last 5 years. The first year the amount distributed amongst the various organisations of the parish was £lO6 74. Id., which was followed annually with £140.£160, £l6l,and £l7O for last year. (Hear, hear.) The first charge upon fhe funds, was always Miss Westwell's salary, though there were other claims to be satisfied. The curate fund looked for large help from the sale, and the £5O it had last year was only Just enough to make what they re- quired, with the subscriptions and the diminished grant which the Curates' Aid Society now gave them. The rev, gentleman concluded by expressing regret at the absence through ill-health of Mr. Robert Davies. He was the senior patron of the Church, and they always liked him with them on this occasion. Mr. GREENALL said she was extremely grateful to her nephew, their Vicar, for allowing her the opportunity of appearing before them on that occasion. She hoped that the weak manner in which she opened the sale would not have an injurious effect upon it, but that all present would do their best to raise money to enable alr. Pigot to meet the numerous claims of the parish. It afforded her much pleasure in declaring the sale open. (Applause.) Mr. D. W. FINNEY proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Greenall in the absence of the peo?le's warden. Mr. CHANTRY, as vicar's warden, seconded. The motion was heartily carried, and the sale of work was then proceeded with. The total realised was £153 39, 6d.

Gunner Hudson, of the Royal Marine Artillery, serving on the Thunderer guardship, was on Tuesday sentenced by a court-martial at Devonpport to eighteen months' imprisonment and dismissal fr.in the service for sleeping at his post and striking a superior officer. BABIES ON FIRE, BABIES BURNING UP, with itclaing and burning eczemas and other torturing, disfiguring skin and scalp diseases. None but mothers realize how these little ones suffer when their tender skins are literally on fire. To know that a warm bath with CIITICUIZA SOAP and a single application of CATICURA SOAP and a single application of CATICIIRA (ointment), the great skin cure, will in the majority of cases afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep. and point to a speedy cure, and not to use them without a moment's delay, is to'fail in our duty. Think of the years of suffering entailed by such neglect, years not only of physical but of mental suffering by reason of personal disfigurement, added:to bodily torture. Cures made in infancy and childhood are speedy, permanent, and economical.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBAL.L.

t HO. G. BIT 3SEY, .1c CO., the leading Sports Manufac- -I,X tarers of London, S.E., have published a most com- plete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cricketers, Golfers, Tennisers, Croquet Players, ant the like. If you cannot ob- tain a copy from the local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B. 4% Co., as above.

Cricketers should get the G. G. B. Diary, price 60. post free.

WARRINGTON v. WAKEFIELD TRINITY.

The ban of suipension over the Wakefield; Trinity ground was the cause of the well-known Trinitarians visiting the Wilderspool Enclosure= Saturday afternoon for the second tme this season. There was an average attendance Wakefield travelled with a representative team, but Warrington were short of several of their usual players. Tbe teams were :

WARRINGTON :/—Full back, J. W. Evans; three quer, tem. Broady, Burton, O'Brien, Isherwood; half-backs- Higginbottom and Clarke; forwards, Hill, Nevins,Taylor Fairhurst, Saunders, Berry, Burrows, and Thornton. WAKRFIELD TRINITY : Full back, Todd; threequarte rs, Price, Lockwood,Elowell, Foster; half-backs, Brakewell , and Mils m ; forwards, E4oe, Thresh, Walton, Alchurch , Woodhead, Dawson, Price, and Moorheuse. The Wakefield captain winning the toss elected to play with the advantage of the wind during the first half, and Nevens -commenced operations, kicking to- wards the pavilion goal. A passing movement initiated by the home forwards, and taken up by Burton, O'Brien and Isherwood, carried play- to the visitors' 25. Lock- wood was next prominent with a good run, but the effort was somewhat polled by a pass forward. Broady received a nasty kick on the ankle, and had to retire for a short time. His place was taken by Nevins, and the forwards made up this deficiency by combined play. The visitors were kept busy defending their lines some time, tvut relief came to them at length by taking advantage of the erractic passing of the Warrington half backs,arad play was transferred to Warrington territory. Higgin- bottom made a useful run, and Fairhurst grassed Brakevrell when in the act of kicking out. Howell made amends shortly afterwards for with a flying kick he transferred plsy to midfield. A kick of Heesom's was smartly returned and Isherwood daringly saved. A strong run by Burton who afterwards passed to Broady was next witnessed. BroAdy,despite his injury,ran well into the visitors' twenty-five. A penalty kick was awarded the homesters in a good position. Nevins took the kick against the stiff breeze and !ailed to open the scoring. Bringing the ball with them inta the home quarters, the Wakefield team were allowed a penalty kick owing to Heesom not playing the ball immediately. Howell took the kick and landed a fine goal from near the halfway line. Soon after the 1 kick-out, Lockwood intercepted a pass and romped splendidly down the field. O'Brien was, however, too smart for him, and floored him when near the line. The homesters now played up with 'vigour, and a passing movement taken part in by Fligginbottom,Burton, Isher- wood, and Broady almost broke through the Wakefield def rice, Howell proving the stumbling block. Warring- ton were near the line when the whistle blew for half- time, the score standing, Wakefield one goal (three points), Warrington nil. Thresh restarted for the visi- tors, and Fairhurst returned. Give-and-take play en- sued for sometime, but Warrington eventually assumed the aggressive, and the visitors' defence was severely tested. Penalty kicks were taken by Burton and Hig- ginbottom without anything tangible being scored. By determined forward rushes, Wakefield were enabled to carry play into the home quarters, but Burton responded with a long punt, three parts the length of the field, and Todd was unsuccessful in getting in his retorn kick. A scrimmage ensued near the line, and Clarke getting possession crossed the line amidst cheers. Nevins took the kick and placed a beautiful goal. Shortly afterwards Saunders almost scored,owing to the fumbling of the visiting backs, Todd cleverly saving. A number of uninteresting scrimmages and line-outs fol- lowed in which the visiting forwards seemed to have an advantage. At length O'Brien took a pass and after a smart run he parted with the ball to Burton who raced over the line and placed the ball behind the posts. Nevins again took the kick and was once more success- ful. The game soon afterwards concluded, Warrington winning by two goals (ten points), to Wakefield Trinity one penalty goal (three points). OLDHAM T. RUNCORN.

The interest taken in —tins— dx-Lure is amply provided I by the fact that something like 8,000 spectators as- sembled on the Oldham ground to witness the match played off, and a goodly proportion of this number would be made up by visitors from Runcorn, who took the opportunity afforded by the Railway Company of visiting Oldham at an exceptionally cheap rate. The game itself was commenced in good form, and Oldham for some time, in spite of the wind, held the advantage. The first break away on the part of the visitors was by M. Cutcheon and Martin who got over the Runcorn quarter line, but passing by Faulkner, Butterworth and West,relieved the visitors' lines. Whylie and Childs with a dashing dribble, gave Oldham the advantage again, and Varley made a mark, from which England essayed a goal but the wind carried the shot out of all danger. Myers, however, showing considerable speed, kicked the ball into touch, and from this play proceeded almost at fever heat. The Runcorn backs by virtue of their steady defensive play proved a hard nut to crack, but a passing display all along the line of the Oldham backs gave Hurst a long sought opportunity and passing out of Floughton's reach he managed to score in the corner. The:Oldhareites 'continued the attack with varying suc- cess, the forwards playing with commendable dash, but up to half time the game remained unaltered. In the seclnd half, Oldham made free use of the wind, and attacked in a vigorous manner the defence of the visi- tors. After one of tbe Runcorn backs had his kick charged, Childs finished a try behind the posts, and Lees settled the game, practically by placing the goal. Runcorn, beaten but playing well, were again deteated, by bril- liant passing by which Hirst again got over, and shortly afterwards Martin made a fine effort and kicked over the line,and Arthur Lees following up completed the try. This made the result figure out at a goal and three tries (14 points), for Oldham to Runcorn nothing.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
PAD GATE.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.

A meeting of this Parish Council was held in the Schoolroom, Padgate, on Wed nesday evening. All the members were present, namely, Messrs. Mason, Thorn- ton, Royston, Mather, Roberts, W. Houghton, and Granger (clerk). The first business was the election of chairman for the coming year. Mr. Mather proposed that Mr. Royston be re-elected. Mr. Royston had, he said, served the town- ship faithfully and well for many years.—Mr. Houghton seconded this proposition which was carried without dissent, though Messrs. Thornton and Mason did not vote.

• The appointment of overseers being the next business, Mr. Thornton proposed that Messrs. John Houghton, J. Mason, J. Critchley, and J. Roberts be appointed for the coming year. Mr. Granger seconded the proposition.— Mr. Houghton: What is the use of having four ?—Mr. Thornton : In the multitude of counsellors there is wis- dom. In any case we can do no harm.—The Clerk said the Council was entitled to elect four, two of whom would take the place of the churchwardens who were overseers by virtue of their office.—Mr. Houghton failed to see where the old overseers had been remiss in the discharge of their duties, and he therefore proposed the re-appointment of Messrs. J. Houghton, T. Bennett, and G. Mather.—This proposal was, however, not seconded, and Mr. Thorntph's motion was carried. Mr. Thornton was then, on the motion of Mr. R:berts seconded by Mr. Mason, elected vice-chairman of the Council.

With regard to the waywardenship, Mr. Houghton proposed that Mr. Royston be again re-appointed, and Mr. Mather seconded.—Mr. Boberts proposed the ap- pointment of• Mr. Thornton and Mr. Mason seconded.— The Clerk supported the nomination of Mr. Thornton, as he believed there was a desire of a change in the village.—Mr. Thornton was, therefore appointed. Mr. B.evers, of the National Provincial Bank, was ap- pointed treasurer to the Council and Mr. Granger was re-appointed clerk. A finance committee consisting of the chairman, and Messrs. Thornton,Mason and Mather was also appointed. The Clerk said he had received a letter from Mr. J. L. Harrington, enclosing a memorial signed by several local residents asking the Council to call a parish meeting at an early date to consider the proposal of the Warringtim Corporation to erect a smallpox hospital in the neigh- bourhood. Some discussion took place upon this subject and there was a unanimous opinion that if it was the intention of the Corporation to convey the patients through Padgate and Fearnhead a meeting should be called and a protest made. It was ultimately agreed that the Clerk should write to the Town Clerk to defin- itely ascertain if it was intended to bring the patients through the township. If the answer was in the affirm- ative steps were to be taken to call the meeting of inhabitants.

A general discussion next took place with reference to the condition of some of the footpaths in the township, but as it: was explained that the Council had no authority in this matter no resolution was passed.

TO PRESERVE YOUR HAIR use common sense: don rnin it by sousing it with cold water or starve It by neglectt all living things require nourishment, and pure grease is un doubtedly the best nourisher of the hair: for more than a century.

ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL has been considered the best preserver of the hair ever used :it prevents it falling off or turning grey, ramoves scurf and promotes a luxuriant growth: for children it is unsurpassed : also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s 6d., Ts., 10s 6d. (equal to 4 small). Row;and's Macassar 011.—Nourishes the hair. Rowland's Macassar Oil.—Prevents baldness.

Ask anywhere for Rowland's Macassar 011 of 20, Hatton Garden Loudon, and avoid cheop„worthlest Imitations. .

WYCLIFFE CONCIIIEGA.TIONAL CHURCH.

SERMON ON "THE NEW WOMAN."

There was an excellent attendance at Wycliffe Con- gregational Church, Warrington, on Sunday evening, when the pastor, the Rev John Yonge, preached a special sermon to young. women on" The New Wonaan." As a text applicable to the subject the rev. gentleman selected "Behold, I make all things new," Rev. 21c, 5v.,' and." If any woman be in Christ she is a new creature,' Cor. 2c., 17v. He said, in commencing that there could be no qusetion that this age, in which we live, was a very remarkable and wonderful ace; they saw manifold and great developments on every hand. Things to-day were very far ahead of what they were 50 years ago. In no century that the world had yet known had there been such rapid onward strides and such marvellous changes as in the century how nearing its end; in fact, it was no exaggeration to say that, in comparison with ail the ages of the past, this was more and more distinctl y the new age, in which old things were passing away and all things, under the control and government of. God, were becoming new. Among the developments of this mar- vellous age there was, Perhaps, none that was more re- markable than the advance made by woman towards her rightful place of equality with man. That, be it understood, was a direct evidence of the influsince of Christianity ; and woman owed her social as truly as her personal redemptioh to Jesus Christ. There could hardly be any feature of the present day life that was better, brighter, more hopeful than the unmistakable advance to wider life and liberty that was being made by woman. They could, of course, have no sympathy whatever with any kind or line of life that could tend to unsex woman, to harden or coarsen her nature, to rob her of her essential domesticity, to destroy the charm of her sweet and tender sensitiveness. They all felt that the purity, comfort, and peace of home life, the sweet and tender sanctities of family affection, supremely depended upon the queenly yet sisterly in- fluence of unselfish womanhood; still the day had gone by in which woman could be shut up in the home as in prism, when her liberties could be abridged by, the faculties remaining undeveloped by natural and con- genial use. It was time to understand that women were born for something more than marriage and maternity. There were human, social services which none could render more fitly than they, and there were duties now clumsily and inefficiently rendered by men that women, by reason of their very womanhood, were infinitely better qualified to discharge. Moreover,every day women were proving more and more completely their mental equality-with men. University lists revealed their equal, and often their superior power of acquire- ment and scholarship. They were advancing to equality in the school of medicine, and despite the bigotry and professional exchisivenees of the sterner sex,the day wasl at hand when they would gain places in the Royal Col- leges of Physic and Surgery. Nor could they much, longer be refused admission to University degrees even in the older halls of learning. But beyond that how clearly had women in recent years proved their capacity even for legislative functions upon School Boards and Boards of Guardians. In both these spheres they had obviously a distinct and desirable mission ; indeed be did not hesitate to say, from some considerable know- ledge of the necessities of the case, that as a guariian or the poor, a wise, matronly Christian woman might find a sphere of most useful service. How could a body of business men whose acquaintance with their own home life was confined chiefly to the hours that they spent at leisure or in bed be suonosed to know what was required for the internal domestic regulation of a large poor- house, where several hundreds of inmates (half of them women) required feeding. housing,clothing, nursing,and comforting in the destitution of age, sicknesss infirmity nd want?: Here was a peculiar sphere in which hrietian womanhood could render twice the service even of the most Christian manhood and the people of this country would do well by their poor ween they banded over the management of pauper homes to a majority of women rather than to an ignorant and in- capable monopoly of men. This was more for older women but young women whose physical strength and unselfishness of disposition continued to qualify them, were finding in the rapidly growing nursing sisterhoods a truly Christian sphere of helpful ministry. Other young woman were freely offering themselves as missionaries in foreign lands. The Salvation Army,said the preacher, had splendidly shown that immense heroic services could be rendered by women to lost and straying humanity in the slums of our large towns.lt used to be thought, and was thought yet by many, to be an essen- tially unwomanly thing for a woman to speak in pub- lic. A woman might act upon the stage attired in very sletder or very bedizened costume; she might sing in the opera. gain her livrng in the concert room or the music hall, and yet keep womanly. But if in the attire of ordinary life and in modest, earnest speech she ven- tured to stand before a mixed audience to testify for Christ, to protest against rampant impurity or degrad- ing intemperance, then the prudes, male and female, discerned the loss of womanly modesty and grace. So far, however,a e the new womanhood of the present day followed such lines as these it deserved not sneers but cheers. Speaking as he did to the young women of Wycliffe that night he confessed to a deep desire to see awakened among them an enthusiasm for Christ. And that meant an enthusiasm for an unselfish and service- able life—a willingness to forego self-indulgence, to con- quer nervous timidities, and to enlist in life's use- fulness. He said he thought that there was hardly a young woman there who did not despise those caricatures of womanhood which had largely be- come indentified with the title "The New Woman." Any womanhood which aimed to ape manhood, whether in similarity of costume, of tall, rollicking and unsavoury speech, of loud and reckless habit, of constantly living out of doors to the neglect of duty and the peril of re- putation, or that endorsed the ideas of freedom and licence suggested in some of the popular novels of the day—any such womanhood as that must meet with their complete disapprove] and reprobation. Their ambition should be to follekw in the steps of those women who did so lovingly ministr to Jesus and of their successors who in the early days of the Christian Church, " laboured ab- undantly in the Lord.,"

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE GREAT HOUSE FUENISO 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-sTRO

(OPPOITE THE FOUNTAIN),

ALL SAINTS, MANCHESTER.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE NOTED CABINETMAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS AND CARPET FACTO:

GOITSTONE AND SONS, EDSTEAD AND BEDDING MANUFACTI DEALERS.IN_SECOND-lIAND FunNau

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SPECIMENS 0? ANTIQUE CHINA, BRONZES AND ARTICLES OP4,VIRTU.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 115, 1,17, 119, OXFORD-STREET, MANGO FOR NEW AND SECuND-HAND DINING AND DRAWING-ROO3l FUOI BY GILLOWS, DYSON, LAMB, DOVESTONE, SNOWDON, &c., &c. AFTER CHIPPENDALE. SHEREATON, HEPPLEWHITE AND QUEEN AN SO

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, DELIVER ALL GOODS FREE, OR STORE TILL REQUIRED.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, PAY CUSTOMERS' RAILWAY PARRS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, ALWAYS HAVE COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. FROM £l5, TO £lOO IN STOCK. READY FOR DELIVERY.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS. FOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND KITCHEN FURNITURE. BY POLLOCK, OF BEITH BY BALFOUR, OF GLASGOW, BY NORRIS, OF BATH, BY SHOOLBRED, OF LONDON AND OTHER NOTED MAKERS, UPHOLSTERED IN MOROCCOS, MOI/A/14 UTRECHT. SADDLEBAGS! &C.,

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET,

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, BE CAREFUL YOU GET THE RIGHT 5111

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SPECIAL SHOW OF CHILD'S COTS, IN ALL MAKES AND COL01:1S.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND BEDROOM FURNITURE, IN ALL STYLES AND MAKES, BY ALL THE NOTED MAKERS. IN WALNUT, MAHOGANY, BIRCH, ASH, CHIPPENDALE MAHOGANY, 0"

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 115, 117, 119. OXFORD-STRIOTIMANa

GOLDSTONE AND SOTS, FOR SECOND-HAND SPECIALITIES.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

GOLDSTONE AND ONS, FOR BRASS AND IRON BEDSTEADS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, LARGEST SHOW IN THE CITY. NOT TO BE SURPASSED.

GOLDqIONE AND SONS, MR SIDEBOARDS AND CABINETS. IN ALL MAKES AND WOODS.

S • G O OLDSTONE AND ONS, 4.00 FOR OVIIRMANTLES AND PIBR-CO" OCCASIONAL AND CRNTRB CHAO'

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR KITCHEN FURNITURE.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE POOR MAN'S PROVIDER,

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 401L0' RAILWAY FARES PAID TO CITSTO+-

GOLDSTONE AND SONS. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, CALL EARLY AND INSPECT.

1491 •GOLDSTONE AND SONS, vo 11,0 TIM IMMENSE STOCK FOR

011111. GOLDSTONFI AND SONS, CARPETS AND LINOLEUNIS

'-____ 141 L-w

ID SONS,

3E FUIOS

BD-STRO

,lINTAIN),

iCHESTEN.

!AKERS. IARPET FACTO]

!TS, NG MANUFAO, LAND FunNIV'

qS, UR CHINA, IS OF.VIRTI7.

MEET, MANCOI )-HAND G-ROO3l FIIIIO LAMB, g, &c., &c. SHBREATON, DIEN AN SO'

qS, (PAY FARBS.

NDON ,KERS, 00.00 s, MOIiAII4 S ! &c., &c.,

s, THE EIGH-

ELD'S COTS, )LOURS.

)-HAND

ARES, AKERS. IY. BIRCH. $6. A.IIOI3ANY,

-9 CREET,DIANO:

s, ECIALITIES.

)UCTIONS.

STEED.

qS, BEDSTEADS.

E CITY.

YS, CABINETS. VOODS.

VD TRH CHAOS'

NS, VIDER.

NS, TO CUSTO;Y•

:D FREIL

01' NS, 11801' FOR

NS, ,op umS }l.l.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
P gIA

„ .. ' 1 ..il ..f... ..to c','-•..- 4 , :(•• 1 ; .•'-lk ;' • .0. ..tt, ~ *), - trii' . i -.0e,-- • .i.' -it %. e. ~ 4st,, • gi-4,,b, •;v h. '-41•"..' • 4 f , I •Ftr, ~ '. kO, • , ..-1.7-'-- :, ~,,Ag• s„flr.sr„, ~,:. s,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
•N E ENJOYS

both the method and results when

the genuine and original SYRUP OF FIGS is taken; it is pleasant and refreshing to the taste, and acts gently yet promptly on the Kidneys, Liver, and Bowels, cleanses the system effec- tually, dispels colds, headaches and fevers, and cures habitual constipation. SYRUP OF FIGS is the only remedy of its kind ever produced, pleasing to the taste and acceptable to the stomach, prompt in its action and truly bene- ficial in its effects; prepared only from the most healthy and agreeable sub- stances, its many excellent qualities commend it to all and have made it the most popular remedy known. SYRUP OF FIGS is manufactured only by the

FIG SYRUP GO.

If you get it, you will have the true remedy; but if ypu accept any preparation made by some one else, under a similar name, you will be disappointed. Remember, the original SYRUP OF FIGS is na4riu• factured by the

California Syrao Co. Fig Of all Chemists, is. lid. ex. 2s. 9d., or post free on receipt of price from the Depot for Great Britain and Colonies: 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON. C.C.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ItNILWAY TIME TABLE.

APRIL. FROM WAREINUTON TO Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 60, 2 35, 5 15, 5 35'.1 ALBundays 10 15 a.m. tf,;_r and Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a6' knlays 936, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if require°. 64-ligham (L & N.-W.)a3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0,1 50, 7 114.120, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2G, 11 35, aMondays %tint ham (Midland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, ki;,,,,`K• Sundays 11 45, 4 26,5 15 p.m. 1147ntirrf -2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 12 25, 2 25, 445 LT 10 2. Sundays 843, 6 0. -01-5 20, 5 45, 835, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 225, to, 614,i 17, 8 47, 102. Sundays 2 37.8 43, 60. bh„,t°4-545, 8 ~5,9 19.10 0,10 40,1 15, 3 20,4 21, 6 25,.9 5. 843 a.m., 5 0.7 47. p.m. 2afr. As-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 225, 3 48. Sundays 42.9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 511, (.122, 1014,11 32. Sundays 844 a.m. 745,11 32. bArpley. 627:1nt Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5. 127, 115, 330, 348,55, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 8 43, 60. 635-", ,e•-a 3 0, 53 23, 7 10, 735 , 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, ° 20, 5 15, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, tTir'easMondays excepted. bMendays only. thb urY-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 1 52, 3 13, 511,64, 7 42, 10 14 Y 5844, a.m. 7 45 p.m. (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50,11 53 -CIL 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 47,7 10,8 25,8 35,9.25,10 5,10 10, 1020, 10 40, 1 15,3 30,3 48, 55, 55 6 20,7 8, 9 25. 10 20. Sun- -35, 8 43,a.m. 4 56,6 0, 1 47,9 45 p.m. 1034,7".eur211-240. 620. 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15 40 a.m. 945 p.m. Ferry It Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55, 17,8 0, 948. Sundays 848, 24, 7 50. 7.4E00114M, -742,95, 1023, 12 15, 1 52, 3 13. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, '4. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. • 15,-11, (Cheshire Linea)-7 12, 756. 831, 9'5. 12 '0 r.O„ 40, 7 u 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- %lL o, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39, 7 )0, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays 444 cSaturdays excepted. atkiag°w-2 40, 520. 9 55, 11 40, 12.35, 2 25, 6 48, 10 13. 0%48 240, a.m. 945. • 11%51 1115-5 45,7 10,8 35, 1040,12 25, 1 15,3 48, 5 25. 7 17, 01 1104 9. Sundays 843.60. tp. itn tireen-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,120. 1 5,2 10.4 0 !°•1151°, 79, 80, 59 30, alo 20, Sunday watiftZ, 239, 1 1), 918. aMondays and Saturdays only e Ys excepted. linici7l and (oadishead (Central)-4 0, 7 55, 8 14, 70,9 15 8 56. 10 12, 3 20, 5 15, 9 35. 1019-'4lord m -Fro Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, 4‘nitia:46, 1 16. 3 38. 4 11. 5 18, 6 13. 78, a 7 45, 9 13. ° 50. 3 8 818. aSaturdays only. (L. &'N.-W.)-3 sa, 532. 7 1.0, 8 20, 835. 105. 3 43, 55,620 7 8, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 35, 5 30, 328. 4 56, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform. ko -VS excepted . a (Front Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25,9 43, 109, lirern,l° 30, 5 12,6 17,8 0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, 0,115r-g 1 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35, 530. 7 12, 7 56, 8 31, 14'1'150,, 10 24, 030 1050, 1150, 120, 1250. 1257. 215' 0 3'B, 337, 350 4 0, 450 550, 618, 444, 0;7 5;5.3.* 210,0*8 5096, 920. 10 15' 1046. al.llo, 11 39 .41_93,1P 1745,5830. 90, 9 45, 1125. 2 20, 2 39, 710, 830,9 18, 1n„ 40,,"'• aExcept Mondays. (L.& N.-W.)-a3 0, b 3 23. 735. 950, 1045, 120 15, 11 35. 6undays 3 0, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays bliondays only. ' ‘444, y (Alidland)-6 m 45 a 14. 9 59. 1139, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0. 11 53. 0 Ci/111%,„_%'• 4 25 p.m. 7' 2uB , 0 90,9 5B, 1049, 12 36,1 16, 3 38, Jc,6 13!78, ,a 7 45.9 13. .suudays 8 50. 38, 8 13. only. cFrom Arpley Station. cWednesdays and 12,.-,4ncil„..excepted, ,`,°r (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, a 3 10' 5445. 5 45. 7 10, 1) '5 4.0 0, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15,2 0.3 20, 4 21. 5 25, 6 5 c,t4n 020 Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 6 20,7 47. Level Platform. ablondays only, bMondays ex- ? 444 h (Brom Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 23 -411 RI „`), • 815 11 40• I 5. 9 55.10 46. 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10. 11 40. "3 " 3 *From Arpley Station. stnieheu. 10 (Cheshire Lines)--i 0, 155, 8 14, 8 55, ,9 2 7-T. 11 25, 11 55, 1255. 155. 255, 3 55, 4 55, 555 .Bi 2 855, 9 25, 9 55, alOO, allls, 11 50, 1157 a. 56, 9 37, 1012, 35, 32.1, 516, 718, 8 55, 9 22, Vat.' aSaturdays only. ,70t. 1e.,11-7 35 1045. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. " °5. ' 50.2' 35 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. .1-1 717.1040 45a, 5 3 10c. a 4 45, 5 45,7 1_ 250, 8_ _35;69 1295, 0 , I 55'95,9 ,12 14, 12 25, 1 15. 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, ,10 10,10 20. Sundays 3 10,7 40. 8 43, a,m., 3 35, .'7, 9 45. aMondays only. cliondays excepted. Z 7 0, 7 55,8 14,8 47,10 27, 110, 1227.1 44,2 17,3 55, 915. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 50, 515 9 35. aa, a qa-n, 37. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays, 37, 8 43, 5 29, .5 45, 835, 955. 11 4 12 25, it-4.46e00 9'451'.45, 21%4 111--73,g 25, 943 1153, 155 330, 512.617,80. 10,2 a (for Peaketh)-7'56, 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 15, p 44Y190'' 40. 5 29. a 6 0, 7 0; 80, a 9 30, blO 20,10 46. Sunornyll 25, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur, (0.L.C.) 10 20 d) via Chinley and Dore Line est•:4,s, 1227, 155, 46. 655. Sundays 5_ 5 3p.3m0„ , 32, 7 10,8 20,8 35,10 5, 10 40. 127, 1 15 1 f'd '4ll 4 n Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 4 56,6 0, 9 45 tkiv. 3°l4' (CL4I,- e Lines) -7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, -mturda.„"` 4 0 5 311.6 5 79 9 10, Sundays 9 36, 25, 8 50, itheivyan aisr. 613. 716 20.7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 53, 1049,12 10 436' 1 16 3 38,4 11, 3 8 8 18* a Satur- Zea (OY* ° Station. Ys' 8 s°' h Arpley 44 .268 Elo 5 %lure Lines)-?56' 8 31.9 5,10 5,11 0,12 5 9 u ,4 0 2 8 0 9 10, a 9 30, blO 2). bun- , , bO. " al\i(ll44._ 2 39. 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays Bad N._w_) -7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 115'hth. 17. 80, 943. Sundays, 848, 2 40.7 50. 444 La 8 3,7 529. 5 46 7 10 8 35 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 25, 45. 525. g' 14, 7 17:8 47, 9 L 5, 10 2, 10 10. -31, 8 43, 3 35. 6 0. 9 45

TO WARRINGTON FROM -636,7 45,8 52, 1143, 37, 440. 644, 829 ,A14,1° 7 53. 4 32. 42: 216,341 Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18, 824, 954. Sundays 550 720, 90, 11 30,3 40, 6;5 4.,,,,1.gp5,n ( nidland)-6 5, 4 Erzttugh,„u (L. & N w.).._3 10, •7 0 13;1.7 215'1') 15. 11 15. '-Sundays Lu 30,11 19 il m., 4 20, ,lat Mondays. • E e 5, skubnuday--88 BAS, 4, 835100, 912 1,511 30, 112 2535,. 26 li4xo: -2.lnday, s 4 3T'a.5,9 4-451:,,,.. el:1,50,01i; cOe. 10 12, g 5400,10 48 155 2 40 3 20,5 34,7 55, 71rugs,,P°°1 (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45. 9 55, 1035, 35' t :St6rul tni d) Ili 1807, 82257. ,183588, , 15 , 8 40 . 4;) 9 , 815, Sundaas 7 10 1 20, 4 555.8510010, 20, 2 50, . 656 tn0n,...„6 45, ,0, , 40, 9 15', 10 36, la 35, 220. 415, 510. °SO. Sundays 8 20 a.m.,6 10, 9 20 P.m' lipiiTalsle,-.-12 5, 12 10a. 6 50, 848', 12 60,1 40, 4 22,5 38,8 41. et, Y 3 125 a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. aMondays only, 11 5 1 40 1 25, 2 0,2 32, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, -- -, - 6,102 50, 345,55, 530, 635,735, 835. 2 6 2 32' 650, p.m. aSaturdays only. 1 4 1 43. 2 10 410 •41,,, Green-6 39,7 16.8 42,10 9,11 28,12 38, ,7•15 , q;',.,`B, 6 23, 9 16. 10 46; Sundays 8 1 . aa'n't ' "5•9 2 35. Sundays ~ . 'lO ,7-2---2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30. 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, Li ~4°.5 40,6 5,8 5,9 20. Sundays 2 1. 455,7 10,2 410,4 5,9 12* 7214 eMIII-5-13 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 24, •1411. 7 37 8 13. iSundaYs p.m. 15, 1020. 110' 35, 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83, a 1235 'lona- 411 days 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aßxcept IrrftZ f.,,.. i-s) ,e-,-;"'wn-6 59, 7 20, 843, 9 32, 10 13, 11 31, 12 41 060'.`ji,1 47,2 15, 3 14.3 21,5 8,5 20,5 53,6 37,7 14,7 32 ,9 20 861 111141.4y5.8 24, 9 59, 40, 7 3.); 9 27. , PirilThurgh-10 20, 20.6 O. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10. 47, E`eer'S Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 1224, 2 17,3 21 D Pro;i',6 54, 8 57.. Sundays 8 32. 2 57, 87. '''llld-'44ana-7 55, 93, 102. 1127, 232,47, 527,657,757 ~..Q.,,,,ft 6 69. a.ra. 716 p.m. '45 heahire Lines)-5 44, 627. 7 42, 90. 9 10, 10 40, 2 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56. 59, 5 56, 657, 93, Qll4,,,l°llLidays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. , 401,14°w-1010, 20. 555. 95. Sundays 550, .9 5. 404 "rhe-6 44, 826. 1022. 12 28,2 41, 466,5 33,7 15,9 1, 2. . %110 •Jandays 940 75. 60 OR/IGre,-,,___9 40,7 66, 8 25, 9 9, 10 3,1 9,1 54. 2 24, 3 19' 5 s'fri6 74 7-11,-9 4-, 9 18, 1/ 35. Sundays 837. 9 20, 3 31. ~ le, ''• Okarl and Cadishefid (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 54, 8 52, 11 20 , 443;1 10 59. 6 53, 8 35' 10 9. 3Vrcl-8 13, 340. 932 10 5. 11 17, 1,20. al 45. 213 034,7• T; 154 j, 6 7, 649. 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 833 Liv ". aSaturdays only. bSaturctayB excepted. 1 erPOOl evia Earlestown)-a2 35, 608.8e0,e9.20, 11 50, k•tit.' 63,9, 430 5 35, 8 35, 10 5, *ll 15. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, R Pto• ‘,„°4l, 840 M . aondays only. *Saturdays only. "20 -•lvidn a-6 2'5.8 20, 95, 9.55. 12 35, 130. 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, ' '5, Belo. 1045. Sun iays 745, 210 7 20, 1045. ;36•,,e,r1,001 (Central)-5 35. 6 10, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 11 30.11 35,11 55, 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0, ;aO, ..4,45, 430, 440, 4 5..., 530, 536, 6 30, 6 35' 7 30' 8 8 " • '25:482,0, 9 30, alo 45, 11 0, 1130. Sundays 30.90, 230, 0 y. 6 30,8 30.833 9 35.aMondays and Saturdays only, 30 . __ .40, i'l,°,ll (L. & N.-W.) a-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, , 1.4,-`• u. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 10 0. 12 0. 40'4, d°4 (111,411and)-5 15. 10 5. 12 0. .20. 40, 5 0, a 9 15 1,,, 6undays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays .4) le)Pl,--8 •5 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9 1 11, al 37. 2 6. 250 •15 ' " a 3. 6 41,7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 25, 2 25, Ihi aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. s,4'l2ehester (L. & N..-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 0, 11 25, -ao c,2,3 O. 3 C 5,4 25,5 0, 5 10. 7 5.9 20,10 4. Sundays 8 0, , /4" 0. a.m. 60. 10 40. From Exchange. ;5, '•ellester (London-road) -7 15, 7 60, 1 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 140 , 3 40, 15 5, 5 20, 65.7 5, 8 55, 1045. Sundays ` 4=', bSaturdays excepted. 036 Itehester (Cheshire Lines) --6 48, 7.20, 830, a 9 5, 9 30, . 10 45, 11 30, 12 30, 12 45. 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 0, 63, 6 38,7 30, i 30. 833. 9 55, alo 50,11 0. Snai- l. 10, 9 30.10 40.1 40,2 0 2 5,6 40, 8 15,_9 40. aMon- -4 211 Battu•days only. 21„ •ewich--6 48 11 V, 2 42. 61. .Zibw•,,e-"--7 0,9 6, 11 57,3 20 4 55, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,4 48. 6ele-s,Villows.-6 55, 730. 8 42. 924, 109, 11 23, lk • 1 6.1 30,3 0. 4 7,4 58,5 5,5 49,6 27.7 30.7 35, 99, 9 55, Z.,,,.._Sundays 8 30. 949, 10 0, a.m. 355. 7 20, 11 5. t1e3;6•%1e--7•51, 8 26, 90, 10 6. 19, 2 5. 5 17, 33, 916. Sun- -8 6 11 20, 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. 11' b 2 36,5 50,6 25,95. 939. 11 20, 11 28, 2 46 440,1' az: 69, 9'30.10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35,,3 15, 6 10, 10 46 at r,tlne7„' szcepted. bM ndaymornings only 1 '..l' 8 2•9•1 t. -a 39. 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 4, 211,ey • 4.6 _ 028 , (for Penkethl Rni P 4 841. 925. 10 19, 1124.4"33.55.275 - 2,..40.- 3-44,-4-4,5-40., i; 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 455,e9filetld(r,Midla4n3a)((slitainley and Dore Line -11 0, 2 0, let. liei oundays 8 15. 8 25,7 0, 823 a 18, 9 5501 be16,1,,25,7.012 50, 130,.5 15, 610, 710, 99, 1(1 50, *4••• - • 2 Fg.;lllti2l.. 655, 95. *Saturdays only. (I'•'. a ss,'`," (Lord Street) -8 10, 10 20. 11 25.1 0.2at1up5,. Z, ore i0,85' a 9 0• 3 9 )'" Sunys 90, 25, _8 0. as a -,iasi 37. 'la c 1 41, 29, 2 55, 229• ~61 ,?,7---3,,°. 8 36, 9 28.. 10 10, 11 13, 1" ac clays 8 29, 1 ilictkii,96• a3t'urcl6a4yss' 0n14y5.' 'b9Sasb7u'rd•lalys23ix,celal,•l, 4, •413•4--W.)--7 5, 3 55, 9 33,10 •••-• - 2 50, 7 59, ''' °D; 6 46,8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 83td,as ~, 2 10, 114 a. 9,35: 45,;11,e,111re Lines)-8 30.9 15, 10 9, 11 12. 12 25. 16.7 63,9 10, 9 25. all 4'-'.. '3'l'l'l's-6 1 25. 2 6,,litati ..,'• 979 as os.. , ..7 v, "......• 41 ' • a n a‘ur,,ays oi.. • 1, 23, 12 15, 1,44 ..4 26. ,?. 35. 633, 615, 931, 1010, `9' 11, 9 3), '440, 6' A. 5 25, 75, 8 62,10 30. 6uattaY' - - ' 55,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

While the Musical S3ciety is to be warmly con- gratulated in closiag its season's work with a con- cert which must be allotted a place of honour in the society's annals, it is much to be regretted that the public appreciation of the society's work as shewn by the attendance, is so scant and discourag- ing. From a musical point of view the society has never in its history shewn so solid a foundation of all-rouhd ability and efficiency as at the present - time,nor has the direction and training of its forces ever been in abler or more skilful hands. Why, therefore, there should not be a full and practical sympathy with the society's aims and objects shewn on the part of the musical public is a matter for serious consideration. That so much sweetness should be wasted on the desert air of a sparse audi- ence is deeply to be deplored and it is to be hoped that the lack of extrinsic support will in no way damp the ardour of the members of an institution now in the fulness of its functions and otherwise prosperous. The platform and choir gallery of the Parr Hall presented an imposing spectacle on Thursday week when Mr. Crossley took his seat at the conductor's desk. As at all the Society's recent concerts, there was a splendid gathering of choraP,members ; and as to the orchestra, we elo not remember to have seen so full a complement of in- struments at any previous concert in Warrington. For the complete performance of Mascagni's"Cavall- eria Rusticana " a fully equipped orchestra is, of course, necessary, and it was a novelty to find that every instrument down to the harp and the bells were ready for service. The principal vocalists were Miss Maggie Davies, (soprano), Miss Lilian Hovey, (contralto), Mr. liirwen Jones, (tenor), and Mr. David Hughes, (bass) ; and Mr. J. B. Caldwell, officiated as organist. Mendelssohn's " Walpurgis Night" having the first place in the programme, it is a pity that there was little opportunity, owing to the interruption of late-comers taking their seats, cf listening attentively to the overture which the composer has seen fit to develops at somewhat inordinate length. There is splen- did teope for the united voices in the choral numbers of this essentially dramatic cantata, Mendelssohn having left few works bear- ing stronger marks of originality than the descrip- tive ensemble" C3MO with torches" and the more subdued and pointed" Disperse, ye gallant men." In the first magnificent chorus, as indeed through- out the work, the Society's members showed a grasp of the music which resulted in a finished per- formance ot the entire cantata. The solo passages were in the hands of Miss Hovey, Mr. Jones and Mr. Hughes, whose declamation and vocalisation was most effective, special praise being due to Mr. Jones for his line rendering of the solo ending "Thy light shall shine for ever." In undertaking a concert-performance of Mas- cagni's opera " Cavalleria liasticana," the Musical Society might be pardoned some feeling of hesita- tion on account of the inherent difficulties which surround the task. Thanks, however, to the hard, though, let us hope not altogether unpleasurable work done at the rehearsals, the sequel more than justified the venture. Judged as a whole, Thurs- day's performance of this popular opera was some- thing the Society may reasonably feel proud of. There are doubtless passages for the orchestra, the execution of which it would, of course, be easy to take exception to, but these form only a small por- tion of a large whole which was so entirely satis- factory as to come as a pleasant surprise to those unacquainted with the capabilities of the Society's orchestra. And here it is only due to add a full meed of praise to Mr. Crossley. for the steadiness with which he so successfully piloted all concerned, through the many pitfalls inseparable trona a work of this character. The prelude and Turridu's song with harp accompaniment, at once inspired con- fidence ; and later, when the chorus first enters with the tuneful chorus descriptive of the joys of Spring it was seen that nothing had been left to chance in the training of the chorus. After Alfio's inspirit- ing song and its kindred chorus, the course of the opera brings the listener quickly to the chief choral number—the" Easter Hymn."—and the singing of the massed voices here reached a fine climax. A small;section of the choral members ably undertook the concerted music heard within the sanctuary to ' organ accompaniment, the bulk of the choral strength being reserved with impressive effect for the verse "Rejoice that the Lord has arisen." Then followed one of the most beautiful portions of the opera, in which Santuzza tells the story of her wrongs to Mother Lucia. The subsequent passages in which Turridu and Santuzza engage in mutual recriminations are interesting from the frequent recurrence of the motif which haunts 'with porten- tious persistence the former's footsteps, and is chiefly announced by the 'cellos in the orchestra. The charming Stornello subject of Lola's song strikes in with refreshing fervour, 'and here Mies Hovey sang in excellent taste. The exciting duet between the tenor and the soprano "Stay, Tar- ridu I" was presented with great dramatic force by Miss Davies and Mr. Jones, though later there was some faulty taking up of the vocal parts as the culmination of the story is reached immediately before the famous "Intermezzo." This movement was performed by the orchestra in splendidistyle andlin response to a loudly expressed encore it was repeated. The charming Now homeward returning" and the energetic " Viva " choruses brilliantly concluded the work of the chorus, and-the more tragic portions of the opera falling chiefly to the lot of the tenors and bass, quickly brought the work to a highly dramatic close. This initial effort in essaying the concert-perform- ance of opera must be pronounced so unqualified a success from the Society's point of view that we earnestly hope it may be encouraged to further achievements in this direction. Mr. Alfred R. Sutton's chorus with orchestral accompaniment " The Woodland Brook" received a fine interpreta- tion at the hands of the Socie ;y. The verses have been treated by Mr. Sutton in a free and graceful manner and the mu-ic is appropriately bright and 9parkling. The cordial reception accorded this item must have been highly gratifying to the composer. ' Miss Maggie Davies sang in the first part of the programme" Ah fors' 6 lui " from "La Traviata " with a dash and verve which called forth quite a storm of applause to which she was constrained to repeatedly bow her acknowledgments.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWNSHIP MEETINGS.

WARRINGTON.

_ The annual township ineeting for Warrington_ was held in the Sessions house, Irlam-st., on Thursday last week. There were present Councillor' Shaw-Green (in the chair), Woods, and Bennett, and Messrs. John Fairhurst, Thomas Moores, J. L. Tunstall (assistant overseer), and Joseph Smith (clerk). • Accounts for the two half- years ending 25th March and 29th September, 1895,were read by Mr. Tunstall. They showed that the balance in hand at the beginning of the first half-year was £2,669 ss. 2d. ; amount received from rates £19,993 12s. 9J.; from other sources, £593 143. 91., making a total of £23,255 12s. Bd. The contributions for rates and ex- penses amounted to £21028 153. 4,1., leaving a balance at the end of September; 1895, of 622,227 17s. 4d. The accounts Of the sanitary special expenses showed that the year commenced with ,a balance in hand of £2O 123. 33. ; receipts from rates amounted to £lO5 4s. id., and after meeting contributions and expenses amount- ing to £9l. 3.1.8. Bd., there. was a balance in hand of £34 4s. Bd. The county rates account showed a balance to commence with of £97 11s. £ll4 Os. 4d. was received from rate's and a total amount of £2ll 114. 4d. was paid in contributions and other expenses. This acceant is now closed. The Chairman proposed the adoption of the accounts.—Mr. Morres se3onded the proposition,whicti was carried. A return of the full and fair annual valuation of property voitliin the township of Warrington for tht.. purpose of submitting it to the County Rate Committee was.also read and approved of. The total valuation of the township ameunted in -the gross to £201,974 64. ; rateable £163,139 10s. The Chairman in answer to en quiries with regard to the estimates for de poor rate said he had very great pleasure in stating that although the Corporation had called for a larger contribution the overseers proposed to levy a rate for the coming year of the same-amount as that of last year, which would be 2s. 81. in the £. •

===== 0002601_18960418_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD.

The Latchford township meeting was held at the Norton Arms Hotel, on Thursday when there were present,,the Mayor .(chairman), Alderman Blackhurst (overseer), Mr. J. Sampson', Mr. J. L. Tunstall and Mr. .1. Smith. The overseeea accounts were passed and con- tained the following figures :—The year commenced with a balance of £340 24. Bd. ; receipts from rates were £1,829 la. 2d. from other sources £lB7 164. 7d., total £2,357 04. 511 ; contributions and other expenses amounted to £2,115 64. 3d., leaving in hand a balance of £241 14a. 2d. 'The county _rate. receipts amounted to 170 9s• 103., contributions and other expenses reached £l7O 93. 10i. This account is now closed. The return for the County Rate Committee was also submitted for this township and showed that the total rateable value of 1-11'' township was, gross £18,084 164. and rateable £15,104. From the estimate it appears that the poor rate for Lltchtord for the coming half-year will amount to is. 4. mu the £ as previow:ly.

At the St,ockport Police Court on Mondar,John Henry Hulse was sentenced to six weeks' hard labour for was employed ;as a gag collector. embezzling the moneys f the Corporation, by whom he

===== 0002601_18960418_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, SAT Ull ft &Y. APRIL TR. I 896

===== 0002601_18960418_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
IQATthU'S 13° "KsKills Fleas, Bugs. Moths. Beetles.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S PILLS.

EA.DE'S piLLs. EADIrs VADE'S pus. EADE'S plus. EADE'S pus.

All who suffer from Gout or tiheumatism a.tould ,immediatelv have redourse to IiIADIS'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have been receved from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relikf in the very worst oases. These Pills are purely. vegetable and perfeutly sate in

their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RIIETJMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, PACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommenditiOn ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds. May 2nd. 1894. "Dear Si r,—lt is with untlounded pie lance I send you a few lines in

1 OUT

LAWN MOWERS ! !

WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS 'appointed by Itoy,l Wm rant Maher to H.M. the Quetn and his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. . GREEN'S PATENT " BILENS ii ESSOR "LAWN MOWERS. WITH IMPROVED WHEELS ANL SOLID LINK STEEL CHAINS. , NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of all o hers, and are the FIRST, FOREMOST, and REST IN THE WORLD. They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years. and have carried Off EVERY HIGHEST P.:„IZE which lots been given in all cases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens and G 3lf Clubs. . They will cut either short or long grass, bents, wet or dry.

EVERY ONE Si:NT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction, Oilerwiseit my be returned at once Free of COST to the PET RCHASER. • They can be had o: all respectable Ironmopgers and Seeds- men in the United Kingdom, or from the Manufacturers. THOMAS GREEN & SON, LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, AND SURREY WORKS. BLACKFIIIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the United Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists', with Testimonials, Free on ' Application. -

===== 0002601_18960418_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
HEUMATISM

GOUT' praise of your mn.st excellent Pigs. 1 . It is six years since I first had ' RHE U MAT IS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course el OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated k3r - 'me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUMAT IS M The next spring I had another at ack, and las persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure ,they, prevented It HE U MAT IS M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nad the least el OUT pain I ,have taken 2 or 3 Pills %.3r and I have been DAL right again RHE UMAT I S M directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT " THEI‘I IF Tillf,Y COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R Hyi UMATI S M You use youarueqtti t im o eil titlitoirtjils and to maken w GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write 1) HE U MAT IS M me (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you every success, Youre truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. id. and 2t. 9.,?.. i .or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor. I GEORGE. BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. E.C. Asic for and be sure I ou obtain BADE' GOUT AND RHEIT- MATZO PILLS. P EADE'S .I;LLS.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWARE ; OF DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS.

N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Xstablishments for the trade as well as others.'

===== 0002601_18960418_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
aFOR TF,E

===== 0002601_18960418_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTIi A -GtIII4EA A BOX..

'ln 17 'FP ifl 7 17 le, 4A .641.1.4.4-6:1 1: l'''! - 'zvt. _. il'lLLs' A i ' 14718

===== 0002601_18960418_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
TOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUM AS SICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

WEiI.K STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISOR:DD LIVEIR, and FEII-EAL'f!l AILIYrFIiTS„ ' ,

ANNUAL SALE, '}IX MILLION BOXES,

9 each, with full -airts 56 rids.

In Boxes, directions. The I, 11

PR EP ARED •1 j' , 3 R.? I.RIETOR— THomris BEEciw,l , Lancahire.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Bread, appet-isipg Tea

Yeast. If you do not 'an Sole Manufacturi

wives pride themselves on `O-?s.ng able to make nice . ;ake§, g:c. Anyone can do it by using our celebrated " ,ow how to use it, write to us for Booklet of Instructions. ,- ers : THE DISTILLERS Co., Ltd., EDINBURGH.

BEECHAM'S TOOTH. PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—RC:O 011CAL— CLEANSES THR TEETH— PERFUMES Urn' BREAM In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggistr, or from the Proprietors, for :Is., post-paid.

__ _____ 1 . _ - . . , ~ • • A,-. i ---, . ~.- : , .4 / ' ..., •-, ~ . '..f, , ,• ' " i...." '''.- i " hi; ~' i'''' - . * , '..1., .4. • 4,': ''''',. .•• ' -/ , At% ~,.., , ' .e.l's.: .\ \ .‘...4:1& ••••••‘,...1'..1.• n; I ,L.,1 ' - .\;-\i;ri.l.\''. s's \\).2•'; Nz.' :4 VA' l'*\ \‘''''tllll;l•::*".7.. ,‘4. ''i k: / 4 . ,4 .. ;(...' '..r 'N 7 ' \\\ %Ok \s‘ \% l' ' / .•'' ..- , •,'\ '',:\k t, '\t,',' ;s'4, ,t\* 1,1,14": ..:''' t''AV-'' ';;14i....„.f..;ft: ~,,AZ,,ftfetili.: ,•;1%9,,,.., • 17" /.7 /. . . / ,-...•*, . ^,%,417, .:*437, ~.:14:41,yrt, 4 , .4t/ .4./.• 2 - . ,v5.,0,,,177 ::,,,I.ivr )011,..,,„...„,*.4,, ‘ \ , \• ' ,•••.', \\,•,..• \,• ri• - V,/,,E...(0.74. RitiWfir: /' 4 tot.tai 1••,:,40",/,4•1t.,.. ~,,, ::: ....'4,1 , \\N, .. ',,,,,,t)31i;e:',;,v,.. -,-;', , • 1,',','..:-:-;,,.e..1::::.,..: TZ'i . :,....,4.lkji .*.iir'., :' 6.-7.-„:-•17,4, ..t' . 1 ‘ \''''\,.. '''l,;,,,v • t,:.1.1e.P.•1i'. [;•;',-,.%?,"`"16, IMO _ t.,,k... ~ 74 ,*ces k, \ .\,., . 40,;4,...,A7-...-1',1)1 •".7'.': ``..,T . - A„,..,....--,....21 , •,,,,z..,_.,,, ~,,_,t,..,:,‘.fi.:,.E.., r;,.;_,./..,_ i, . _ ~.......,t,_ . ...i.,:-.....4e...,ii,/ , ~../ . '.\:\::`; "' V , '044 rp4.4.• ..,/:;' ''.!•'•:,,t,.. ,••+ ,•• "a 4 ", •••1., '4,,,, , ~,„.,,. ,•,•,, , , , .., , ~. ,fr te , ~, - 1).. '' 1., N.,' i5',...., •5`,,k1,,i.f./ ~,-,9,,,,,,.. „4.,... ', ,17,•,, • '0',,,,,,/,.• .‘,.'!' .-T.A.'; , .--i. ' • ''‘ ~' i'lli;,:te.t..':l,,, ' '',...,' 7'''' ' .i, „..;.:,,,,:, ir?.,! .f, ~,,,, 4„,e,.., , - ,),:,....././/jr.;?':„,,,,,:; .$,11:,.c., 7,7//:,' • '',`,.;:, ji:/' /41,,,,r,:k. -.-1 - "..,, ~ "\..N., r. I •',,,, •• ..,,,,, • " -" ..0.,:'..C.,, ~,,,/,,,/,ir, ~..'" ~ , 44; :•".,°:, ////,:cz,- 73,7••,-. ./7 —..,'..•••', ',.,..i.":',, "" •••••0, "- ' -..,:',., . ' .t.•., • ~,,,,„'..‘,...45,,V4,,,0 • 43, 14.,. ,V).,...,4 t. 4,:,,,, ' 4-4'''''Vg V, ' ',- --" •'• ' • • 441 ,- / :"4.:p '." •-:' 4,,,tiy: ,:. ' ,:r. '.1.,..,.. Ict.-;%. , , :.: ~,/ All good ltou • . _ - sweet -

===== 0002601_18960418_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD

4, m y ~ &PA

mi ITU a prudent use, has save't many a life; and yet we, think the idea might be improved.:4; upon and reJuced to a more simple form. Take sonic good Compound such as. ~:4" . i

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales, and Weights, or little -, mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might. be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

. , as fbsted by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set", down as the best .—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY, ,

===== 0002601_18960418_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
;EDiclNr C Icri F. ST3

CKLES

v, " 111 lama

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, tN;DIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
• ; , RE •;„: • *4 • ,

PILLS D OINTMENT

Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &c. The Ointment is a Surc.,, Remedy for. CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS.

BRUISES;

SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
• • E IRIS! 7111 N \I. A

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN :RISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L (NEN IRISH • LINEN IRISH L INEN

IRISI.IOBKIITBRIC HANDKERGIiEFS

Guaranteed aN Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. fiem6titched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiets, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS a

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozer; map spec;al to pattern. 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER riPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen.

IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS.

2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleache.a. 2 yards witfF, 1/11 pecr yd_. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. H!: tback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS Lir'7l"F.; iti.\,,,t':\,lEll,. AND E:\ WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for .c.tre.rigth, Durability,, I and Style. i ..Please say f for Ladies' or Gulfs' Wear. PATTERNS FREE EY RETURN OF POST.

ALL PARCELS OVER 20/1- CARRIAGE PAID. G. •R., HUTTON a CO., LARNE3 ELI D 1

===== 0002601_18960418_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. 1

===== 0002601_18960418_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18960418_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
iflantn.

T- - EY, AND BE CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interesr, lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prcbmptly attrided to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-stree'„ Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

II E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHEsTE Et.

STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment srranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine anti extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- at., Manchester.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £l,OOO, to respectable persons, on tbs Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to IL HPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds I Repayments. „ Delay. „ Life Polices 6d. in the 2 ” Law Costs. Le. weekly,rnonthly Publicity, or quarterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS reques'.ed not to apply. Full particulars from

J. CAMPBELL, ESQ.

MONEY.----A ritIVATE GENTLEMAN with a large Capital will make ADVANCBS from £5 to £5OO to all respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Workingmen, and to all Classes worthy of Credit, simply on written promise to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry fee. The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrowers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If you Cannot get an advance from me it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever refused.— Apply MR. WEsT, 32. Golborne-st. (private house) off Sankey- st., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompt attention. Apply and be convinced. (No agent.)

===== 0002601_18960418_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES AND WARRINGTON.

- A4IL JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES LFRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working•men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. diONRY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcraise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-Lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive prechely the same attention.

MONEY LENT on note of band alone, without sureties publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies o gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges IA hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gust anteecl. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
letter to Mr Obitor.

THE LEPERS IN CYPRUS.

Sir,—l hope that you will give me your aid in making an appeal on behalf of a much-afflicted but little-known community. The following letter is being circulated in Cyprus : "The lepers in the Cyprus Leper Farm, members of the Orthodox Greek Church, numbering about eighty, having collected from their small daily pittance a few pounds with the view of building a church, which is greatly needed by them—and which scheme is one of their greatest ambitions—l appeal to the benevolent on their behalf, so as to enable them to carry out their wishes. Any subscription sent to me will be thankfully acknowledged. "F. C. HEIDENSTAM. "Address, F. C. Heidenstans, C. M.G., Chief Medical Officer With the Government of Cyprus. and Medical Officer in charge of the Leper Farm, Nicosia, Cyprus." A beautiful and generally healthy climate does not pre- vent the existence of this disease so prevalent in the East. In the island all certified lepers are obliged to live in the Leper Farm, near to Nicosia. Their numbers, happily, are not large. I visited the farm twice very re- cently,in February and March. There were then one hun- dred and two lepers living there; of these, eighty are of the Greek Orthodox Church,two are Maronites. eighteen are Mohammedans, and two are what are called Lino- bambakos,i.e., half Greek Christians ,half Mohammedans or Greek Christians or Mohammedans. according to their surroundings. These Linobambakos attend the Greek Church Service in the Leper Farm. At present the services are celebrated in a room of one of the old mud huts, most of the little houses where the lepers are lodged being of good stone. When one con- siders the awful disease from which these poor people suffer, one easily understands that they must turn to their religion for consolation and hope. The eighty who are of the Greek Orthodox faith long to have a real church to go to, such as they would have if they were not prisoners of necessity. Their priest, an exceptionally intelligent-looking and young man, lives with them. He is not a leper. The sum of money wanted for building their little church is not large, only some three hundred pounds. There is in hand about thirty pounds. In order that those who have not seen lepers may know something of their afflictions,let me mention some of the cases in the Leper Farm. There are several who, besides rotting away ftom leprosy,are hopelessly paraly- tic and have to be lifted and carried by other lepers who are in better case. Many have lost the sight of one eye, many of both eyes. Many are gradually losing their fingers or their toes,their hands or their feet. Of these I noted one man who has one hand devoid of fingers ; the hand itself will aeon fall off at the wrist. Many are consumptive ; one has cancer. There is a young woman who,nut being a leper,insisted on accompanying her hus- band to the farm when he had been declared a leper. She is now a leper, and has lost the sight of one eye. There is one man who has white leprosy; he is a paralytic. Is it strange that people so grievously afflicted, who are by nature and training religious, are filled with a deshe to have a church instead of a room to worship in, which those who have their sight can see and describe to those who are blind? The people in Cyprus are gener- ally very poor, and are heavily taxed. This is my apo- logy for making this appeal. I hope that there are many kind people in this country who, in compassion for the sorrows of the little leper community, will subscribe to- wards their church. Lady Sendall (Government House. Nicosia) and Dr. Beidenstam, (chief Medical Officer. Nicosia) will gladly receive subscriptions. I also shall be most happy 'to receive and remit them ; or they can be paid to the account of the "Leper Church Fund," at Parr's Banking Company and the Alliance Bank. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. ROBERT PIERPOINT.

House of Commoms, April 8. P.S.—I have received the following letter : " Hawarden, April 7, 1696. " Dear Sir,—Though I am in no way qualified to ad- vise upon particulars, I think that the plan you have projected is of extreme interest,and I am only prevented from offPring a contribution to it by the fact that I have undertaken single-handed a plan on somewhat beyond the usual scale which compels me to withhold support except from cases which may be called proximate. "Your very faithful and obedient, W. E. GLADSTONE.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
" R. Pierpoint, Esq."

FRODSHAM.

SUICIDE AT KINGSLEY.—On Tuesday morning, Joseph Dutton, aged 30, of Kingsley near Frodsham, was found on Wednesday lying from the effects of poisoning by carbolic acid. Deceased has suffered very much from influenzl and on Monday went to visit a brother-in-law at Liverpool. He returned home the same evening, ap- parently all right. Next morning his wife left him in bed, and on returning shortly afterwards found him in great pain, having drunk a large quantity of carbolic acid kept for disinfectant purposes. Medical aid was summoned but the man died the same morning On Wed- nesday afternoon Mr. H. Churton held an inquest at the Horse Shoe Inn ,Kingsley, on the body of George Dutton, aged 30 years,labourer,who died from the effects of tak- ing carbolic acid the previous morning.—A verdict of suicide whilst temporarily insane was returned. The Coroner said that carbolic acid was one of the unpro- tected poisons,and chemists were allowed to sell it to anyone without requiring signature of witnesses. He had written to the Secretary of State on the subject •over and over again and nothing had been done. TRINITY MEN'S BIBLE Crass.—The usual open meet- ing place on Sunday afternoon, Mr. Lister presid- ing. The address was given by Mr. W. D. Ringrose on the subject of "Tohe a Christian, what is it." During the afternoon Mr. George Tunnes, of Manchester, very effectively rendered the solos, " Thus saith the Lord," " Jehovah." and "Calvary." Collections were taken in aid of the organ fund. UNION CIIIII/CII.-0n Sunday the anniversary services were held in the Union Church. The Rev. F. Carter, of Northwich, secretary. to the Cheshire Congregational Union,preached morning and evening. Offertories were taken on behalf of the church funds. Assauvr.—On Saturday at the Frodakam Police Court, Joseph Allman was brought before Messrs. Thomas and 'Mort mer, charged under a warrant with assaulting Thomas Butler, of Frodsham Bridge, on the 10th inst.la the evidence it was stated that the parties had been working together, and that after finishing they went to a public-house. Prisoner called coniPla i mant out and m- mediately struck him a violent blow on the face, inflict- ing coneiderabl.e injury to his eve. He was apprehended by P.C. Price, and in default of paving a fine of ss. and 111 costs, went to goal for 14 days. Tnere were several previous convictions against him.

TOBAC'CONISTA commencing ; Illustrated Guide and Catalo line (2.59 pages) 3d. TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTING CO.-186 liutOn-road, London. (Mgr), HENRY MYERS.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held on Thursday afternoon at the WDrkhouso., Dutton, when .P there were present Mr. J. Mclntyre,J., Admiral Parry, Messrs. Brandreth, H. E. Heywood, J. M. Williams, J. Stokes, T. Wright, J. Parr, J. B. Chadwick, T. Lowis,G. Pilling, J. L. Jones, W. Bradflrd, J. Weir, J. W. Bagu- ley, J. Spruce, C. Roylance, S. Woodward, Mr. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Mr. Farrington (nuisance inspector), and Messrs. Swinton and Diggle (surveyors).

HALTON PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of the above committee held on Satur- day under the presieency of the Rev. G. D. Wray, there were present Messrs. Wright, Looker, Ackerley, Jeacock and Barrow. The Clerk read a letter from the Local Government Board and a report from Dr. Vacher, with reference to Halton Brook, and it was resolved on the motion of Mr. Looker, seconded by Mr. Barrow,that the suggestion in the report to have the settling tanks fre- quently cleansed and lined be carried out and that this be reported to the Local Government Board. It was de- cided on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Jeacock, that the attention of the Inspector of Nuisance be called to a case of overcrowding of a house, and that he be instructed to take the necessary steps for abate- ment of the nuisance. It was resolved that Mr. Evans be requested to provide a water supply to seven houses on the common.—ln accordance with notice forwarded to each member of the Council, the question of the re- muneration to be paid to the Clerk for his services was cons:dered, and it was resolved that he be paid £lO for his services, and it be chargeable as special expenses on the contributory place of Halton. The minutes were adopted. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REEORT.

Dr. Adams, the medical officer, reported that a case of scarlet fever had occurred at Stockton Heath. The pati, ent agedl9 years, worked at Warrington and is believed to have contracted the disease there. He had visited the premises affected and issued the usual preventive orders and the premises, bedding, Ric., would be disinfected in due course.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED NUISANCE AT FRODSHAM.

Mr. 0. H. Mason,of the solicitors' office of the Birken- head Joint Railway, writing with regard to the alleged nuisance at Frodsham Station, stated with regard to the copy of Mr. Hadfield's letter that he had also written direct and his communication had been answered.—Mr. Linaker wrote on the 13th inst. stating that from March 31st to April 11th, 35 wagons arrived at Frodsham Station and giving the time taken in emr. tying.—Dr. Adams reported that Dr. Selby had written to him describing a case of illness through the existing nuisance.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CLERK'S SALARY.

The Local Government Board wrote sanctioning the payment to the clerk of £250 for his services to the Rural District Council during the year ending March 23rd.

THE LATCHFORD LOCKS.

Mr. Woodcock, clerk to the Grappenhall Parish Conn- cil,wrote stating that at a meeting of the Council held on the 30th inst. he was instructed -to write to press the matter re Latchford locks and ask them to press the matter upon the Canal Company at once as another ac- cident (which might have had a fatal termination had not timely help been at hand) ha& happened since the last communication.—The Surveyor, Mr. Swinton, re- ported t"at the committee appointed to inspect the foot- pa'h met on Monday, the 13:h inst., at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, present Admiral Jones Parry, Messrs. W. Long, J. Mclntyre, W. Bradford, G. Pilling, R. Warbni- ton, and the surveyor. The committee inspected the various uncertain roads across the locks and were unani- mous in recommending the Council to request the canal firstly to provide a more defined road which the com- mittee respectfully suggest should be across the centre gates of the locks. Secondly to fence the road on both sides, for the whole length of the Company's property between the road numbered on the deposited plans 105 and 106, and to sufficiently light at all times certain lengths which the committee think may be impracticable for the company to have a fence that is at the Lock walls. Thirdly to erect clapgates at each end of the footway suitable for pedestrians. Fourthly to maintain a better and more even surface on the footway down the embankments of the canal to the Lock sides.

The Chairman moved the adoption of the report, and said that there were great difficulties in the way of fenc- ing the foothpaths. Mr. Pilling seconded and the resolu- tions were Carried.

This was all the business of public importance.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
VESTRY MEETINGS.

RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH.

The annual vestry meeting in connection with the above church was held in the National Schools on Friday evening. The Rev. W. H. Stables occupied the chair, and amongst a good attendance were Revs. H. B. Firth, H. C. Moyle, and W. Scholes, Messrs. J. E. Meredith, J. Littler, W. Timmins, R. Abel T. Bowyer' G. Moss, C. Pownall,F. Hancock, E. Imison, W. Jones, W. E.Dudley, J. Mort, T. Blundell,and others.—The Chairman said he felt he ought to do that which was uppermost in his mind and in the thoughts of all prez:ent and that was to express the regret they felt at the absence of the vicar. They knew the reason of Canon Wood's absence and none of them begrudged him his holiday if it did him good,and they all looked forward to the time which would bring him amongst them again. They would be pleased to learn that the Vicar was enjoying the best of weather in Italy,and with that he thought the knowledge that all was going well in the parish would keep and rest ore the Vicar to robust health and streegth. On behalf of thit,' Vicar he declared Mr. Meredith elected for the ensuing year as vicar's warden,and thanked him for his services during the past year. Canon Wood valued his services most highly for he always acted as a perfect gentleman and more than that it was unnecessary to say. (Ap- plause.)—Mr.Meredith thanked the Vicar for the renewal of confidence, and promised to do the best he could to faithfully fulfil the duties of the office.—Mr. Imison pro- posed that Mr. John Littler be re-appointed the people's warden,remarking that it was impossible to have a more attentive officer than Mr. Littler had proved himself to be.—Mr. Abel seconded the proposition which was carried.—Mr. Meredith nominated as his sidesmen Messrs. W. Timmins,Richard Abel, Eiwin Gregory, and J. K. Digges. The following were elected parishioners' sidemen :—Messrs. Bridgewater, W. T. Crosby, G. Hewitt, J. Yates, J. H. Hamilton, Edward Key, John Davies,and T. Nicholls, and the result of the voting was as follows :—Messrs. G. Hewitt 45, W. T. Crosby 40, John Yates 42, J. H. Hamilton 28 (elected), J. Bridee- water 19, T. Nicholls 13, J. Davies 11, and E. Key 8. The Chairman on behalf of the Vicar ap- pointed Mr. Weston as sidesman-in-charge of St.Miehael's, and had to thank him for his services during the year. Mr. Weston briefly returned thanks for the compliment. Mr. Pownall and Mr. Mellor were re-elected people's sidesmen,and Mr. Weston nominated his sidesmen,Messrs. James Sherlock, E. Harrison, and W. Miles. The follow- lowing were elected parishioners' sidesrnen—Messrs. A. Lightburn, Cropper. and T. Clarke. Mr. James Ford, jun..was appointed vicar's sidesman in charge at Weston Church, and Mr. Ford nominated Messrs. W. Mitchison, .T. Mather, and J. E. C. Banks as his sidesmen. Mr. A. Guest was appointed parishioners' sidesman in charge, and Messrs. F. Ford,jun., Farrell,and Jones were elected as parishioners' sidesmen.—Messrs. J.E. Meredith and J. Littler submitted their statement of acc,,unts, showing the offertories to be £369 15i.74d.,0f which £BB 13i.10d. were for special purposes. The exnenditure was the same as the receipts, the balance of .£l3B 13s.10d.having been handed to the clergy fund. The statement for Sc. Michael's and All Saints' Church set ordinary collec- tions at £l2O ss, Bd. and the special ones £37 133. 7d. After meeting the expenses £52 153.1d.had been handed to the clergy fund. The Weston Church statement stated that the income had been by ordinary collections £44 125., special offertories £6 85. id., Major Orred £5, total £5B 03.21. After meeting all liabilities £l3 63.8 d. had been handed to the clergy fund.—The accounts were passed.—A vote of sympathy with the Rev. Canon Wood was proposed by Mr. Meredith, seconded by Mr.J. Littler,and carried. Votes of thanks were passed to the three choirs, the officers and teachers of the Sunday school, Messrs. Imison and Moss (auditors),and the lady helpers. A vote of thanks to, the chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

The annual vestry meeting was held on Friday even- ing iR the Girls' Schoolroom. There were present—the Rev. 6. D. Wray (chairman). Messrs. J. H. Horton, J. Stokes. P. Wright, Thomason, J. Walker, Hancock, Fryer,Price. A. Povey, B. Haddock, J. S. Jeacock, and J. Walker (Hall Wood).—The Vicar nominated Mr. J. H. Horton as his warden for the next year, and that gentle- man agcepted the office. Mr. B. Haddock proposed,anel Mr. Fryer seconded, that Mr. Joseph Walker, of Hall Wood,be the warden for the parish for the ensuing year. This was carried unanimously. The following gentle- men were selected as sidesmen :—Messrs. B. Haddock, C. Percival,Rogerson, Grange (Flal'on-road), Buckley.H. Withington,John Acton, A. Povey, Harrison, James An. man ,and Thomas Potter. It was proposed by Mr. Fryer, and seconded by Mr. J. Walker,that Messrs. Walker and B. Haddock by the lay representatives at the Ruri- decanal Conference. The accounts of the wardens were read. They showed that £lO Os. 2d. was due to the wardens. On the motion of Mr. P. Wright, seconded by Mr. Hancock, the accounts as presented were unani- mously "passed. Proposed by Mr. Joseph Walker, se- conded by Mr. J. Stokes, and unanimously carried that the meeting cordially thank Sr R. Brooke, Bart., for kindly defraying the cost of the renovation of the corona in the chancel. Proposed by Mr. Fryer,seconded by Mr. H. Thomason. and carried,tha,t the thanks of the meeting be given to Lady Brooke for the gift of a violet superfrontal, and the briautifully worked sanctuary cur- tains,and also for the flowers for the decoration of the altar. The Vicar presented the accounts of the choir fund, the mi,sion, an 3 the church improvement fund, Which were passed as presented. The mecting closed with the usual votes of thanks.

At St. Helens on Mom:ay, Councillor Henry Walter Griffin, of South Naylor-st , was fined £lO and costs for ".having for sale twenty tins of salmon which were in a putrid condition, and quite unfit for the use of man."

===== 0002601_18960418_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, APRIL 18, 1896.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held on Tuesday afternlon, when there were present at the Dut- ton W.-,rkhouse : Mr. J. Knowles (chairman), the Rev. J. Simpson, Messrs. A. R. Nsrman, S. Yarwood, as well as the members of the Rural District Council, and Mr. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. George Ashton, deputy clerk.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The last meeting for the year of this Board was held on Wednesday morning at the Workhouse. Mr. William Houghton occupied the chair, and there were also pre- sent—Mrs. Clay, Rev. Father niaore, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Messrs. W. Hickman, Warburton, G. Pilling, 'l'. B. Malkin, A. Lang, A. Jolley, A. J. Jolley,G.Thomp- son, T. Halton, G. Clarke, J. Billinge, J. Ball, with Mr. Sutton (clerk), Mr. S. Sutton (assistant clerk), Mr. C.H. Ward (master), and Mr. Mines (superintendent Padgate Schools).

===== 0002601_18960418_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUESTION OF FREE TRADE.

Mr.Flewood moved, and Mr. Yarwood, seconded, that the seal of the Board, be affixed to the petition passed at the previous meeting. with respect to the present fiscal system being prejudicial to English agriculture, and re- questing parliament to legislate on the subje3t.—Mr. Williams, moved that the sentence be added that foreigners be excluded from the country.—Mr. Parr : Not a bad idea either, I second that.—(Laughter).—The Chairman said the amendment was out of order. —Mr. Parr: You are turning to the right end at the finish, Mr. Williams. (Laughter.)—Mr. Bran- dreth : Would your include Irishmen in that Mr. Parr ? (Renewed laughter.)—Mr Parr : They belong to Great Britain and Ireland.—Mr. Mclntyre : I regret that such a resolution should be passed by such a thin Bard.— Mr. Brandreth : It has beep passed before. 'File mo- tion is only that the seal he affixed to the petition.—Mr. Mclntyre : I know there are many not here tc-day who object to it.—Mr. Williams : It is contrary to the evi- dence of the Parliamentary Committee. Why we should sot 1113 ourselves superior to them I do not knew.—Mr. Parr: We may have a bit more sense than the Parlia- mentary Committee. (Laughter.) I think we have. (Renewed laughter.)—The motion was passed.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
COKE SUPPLY,

The tender of the Runcorn Gas Company for the supply of coka delivered at the housa at 103. 61. per ton was accepted.

DINING ARRANGEMENTS.

Mr. Norman explained that the Bouse Committee had examined the plans of Mr. Davies for the enlargement of the diningroom and also a tender showing that the cost would be about £6O. The speaker described the scheme as necessary and economical and proposed that the sanction of the Local Government Board be ob- tained to the alteration being eff-cted.—Mr. Brandreth seconded and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
32,1100 L ATTENDANCH COMMITTEE

Mr, trey wood reported that at the meeting of the above committee that morning, the reports of the officers were very satisfactory,and the committee recom- mended thet the three officers be re-appointed at the same salary as before. It was further recommended, although the work of the clerk had increased, his salary should be fixed at the same amount as formerly. He moved the adoption of the recommendations of the committee.—Mr. Btandreth seconded the proposition which was carried.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. Mclntyre moved a vote of thanks to the Chair- man for the efficient manner he had fi!led the office of chairman during the past 12 mlnths. Mr. Roylance seconded and it was carried.—A similar vote was passed to the vice-Chairman, on the motkn of Mr. Heywood.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAIWE AGAINST A RUNCORN • LANDLORD. CELEBRATING A BIRTHDAY.

At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Mondav,William Young was charged with selling intoxicants during prohibited hours in the Cornwall and Devonshire Arms on the morning of the 24th March. Frederick Lang!ey,Percival Lane, John Edward Johnson, 105 Shaw-3t., John Tom- linson, Surrey-st., Thomas J. Washburn, Surrey-st., and Sarah Price were charged with unlawfully being on the premises of the first defendant.—Mr. Giles, of Chester, prosecuted on behalf of the police, and Mr. A. Browne (Warrington), defended.—Seageaut Lee said that on the morning of the 24th March he went in company with P.C.'s Booth and Butler to the Cornwall and Devonshire Arms. The time would be about 1.15. He went to the tap room window in Regent-st., and he heard the voices of two females and one male. He heard one of the females leave the room and afterwards heard her go across the bar towards the kitchen. He then heard a shuffling going on in the taproom, and a noise as if the furniture was moving about. On going round the back with Constable Booth, he got into the back premises,and stood against a partition in the yard. There was a light in the kitchen the door of which was open. They could hear men and women's voices speaking loudly. He left Booth and went back to Butler, and they knocked at the door, which was opened by Mrs. Young the landlord's mother.On going into the house, he spoke to Mrs. Young and she replied. He went to the taproom but there was no one in. He then went to the kitchen where he found three men, John Tomlinson, Thomas J. Woodburn, Fred Langley and Mrs. Young. On the table there were five empty glasses,a half gallon jug and two plates with beer on them. The floor was wet, and there was a strong smell of ale. In answer to the question as to what they had done with the beer. Washburn said" It had been thrown on the floor." He then asked Mrs. Young, what she was doing with the men on the premises. She hesi- tated a bit and then said, "It is my birthnay and we are keeping it up." From what he had heard before he asked if there', was anyone else in the house and she said "No." P.C. Butler came in just then and said he could hear voices upstairs and Mrs. Young said that was her daughter and the lodger. He went upstairs and found the lodger in bed asleep br himself. He heard a female voice in the other room and on opening the door found Sarah Price fully dressed. She was under the influence of drink. In answer to a question as what she was doing there,she said laughingly, " I wag" Frying to run out of your way." He then went downstairs and asked Mrs. Young where her daughter was and she said she did not know. He went into the parlour and found Carrie Young, 16 years of age, and John Edward Johnson. Mrs. Young said that the girl was her daughter and the man a friend of theirs. Mrs. Young afterwards said her husband was at Southport looking for work. The defendants were not drunk. Cross-examined he did not know that one of the defendants was teetotal, nor that two of them ere engaged to Mrs. Young's daughters. tie was not aware that Mrs. Price had been charing at the house all day. P.C.'s Butler and Booth also gave evidence. Mr. Browne, for the defence, said that they did not dispute the evidence of the police. If Mrs. Young had only sent word to the police that she was going to keep up the birthday party this case would never have had to be heard. Even in Runcorn, he believed landlords were allowed to have birthdays and to keep them up. He submitted that all the young men charged had been asked by Mrs. Young to supper as her birthday oc- curred on March 23rd. The reason that they were there was that two of the defendants were engaged to Mrs. Young's daughters. Mrs. Price had been cleaning there all day, and Mrs. Young asked her to stay to supper.— Evidence for the defence was then given by Mrs. Price, Ellen Young, mother of defendant, and Ellen Young, sister of defendant. Carrie Yaung, and the defendants Washburne, Tomlinson, Johnson and Langley.—The magistrates, in giving their decision said that they con- sidered that the police were perfectly justified with the course they had taken, but they did not consider there was sufficient evidence to convict.—The case was ac- cordingly dismissed.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL WORKS COMPETITION.

This competition hr medals!itmongst the works of the town has been continued each week-night during the present week. As the competition advances greater in- terest is taken in the matches, and there have been large numbers of spectators to witness them. WAGON WORKS (C.L.C.) V. WHITECROSS.—Teams from these works met on Monday evening. The result of a good gome was a victory for the Wagon Works men by one goal, two tries, to ene try. They started general favourites, and are considered very probable winners of the medals. Their next engagement will be with the Pearson and Knowles team. Siddall, of the Whitecross team, sustained serious injuries to his skull. WARRINGSON L. AND N.-W. RAILWAY V. CORPORATION. —This match on Tuesday evening was somewhat marred by a heavy downpour of rain. The Corporation team wan expected to make a good display, but the very opposite was the case, and it was apparent that several members of the team were unaware of the rules of the game. Broady and Bate were absent from the bea en team. The result was that the railway men had quite an easy task, and ran out winners by three goals, two tries to nil. In the next round P.Walker and Son's team will be their opponents._ . .

PEARSON AND KNO,iVLES V. CROSFIELD'S.—These teams met in the second round of the competition on Wednes- day night. The Pearson and Knowles'fifteen included such well-kn,wn players as Cross, Hill, Scholtz, Thornley and Houghton. For the first twenty minutes of the game, play was very even and then a regrettable accident oc- curred. J. Massey, a wing three-quarter for Crosfield's team collided with considerable force with Rowe, the opponents full hack, and broke his collar-bone in two places. Sergeant RowbAtom, rendered first aid to the injured player. His retirement handicapped :the Soap Works' team, and the Pearson and Knowles team soon afterwards commenced scoring. Cunningham after a speedy run, scored a try at the ccrner. Houghton soon afterwards followed with another try. On changing ends, the forgemon were leading by two tries to nil. During the second half they had most of the play, and Foster, Hughes, and Gibson each scored tries. Cross was successful in two of the place kicks, so that the scors at the close ran Pearson and Knowles two goals, three tries. Crosfields nil. Tho latter team was exceA- ingly unfortunate in losing Massey so early in the match. In Longmore they had a splendid full-back. With re- gard to the winning team it is just questionable whether they did not exceed the limit of first team men al- lowed.

47TH YEAR IN SCOTLAND-R-OAL,, LIVERPOOL.—As will be seen in another column, Messrs. George and Co:of Scotd land-road, Liverpool, an eminent and old establishee firm, announce their 92nd, half-yearly stocktaking sal. of the season's accumulations, of fine gold and silver watches, genuine diamonds, marble clocks, &c. War- rington and district visitors to Liverpool will doubtless, before purchasing, gladly avail themselves of this oppir- tunity, all goods being offered at from ss. to 10s. in every £ reduction, and written guarantee given with each article.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. (Continued from Page 3.)

THURSDIY.-THE BUDGET.

In the House of Commons, in reply to Mr. Hogan. Sir M. WHITE RIDLEY said the number of fatal accidents to cyclists in the Metropolitan Police district during the first quarter of the year was three, while there had been twelve serious accidents. In two cases only were the injured persons women. Asked by Mr. KNOWLE3 if he would introduce at an early date a Bill to carry out the report from the De- partmental Committee on the treatment of inebriates. Sir M. WatrE RIDLEY said the Bill was in draft but he could not say when he would be able to introduce it. Mr. W. H. LONG, answering Mr. Knox, said that with a view to guard against the introduction of swine fever into Lancashire the local authority had made regulations prohibiting the movement of swine into the administra- tive county, except for slaughter. He did not feel justi- fied in asking the local authority to remove the festric- tion.

Mr. BALFOUR informed Mr. Holland that the constitu- tion of the Committee on old-age pensions was not yet complete. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in making his annual financial statement, said the year just concluded had been financially speaking, a most remarkable year. The amount that had flowed into the Exchequer had been greater, he believed, than in any previous twelve months, and in spite of an expenditure which had been larger than any since the great war, the surplus was one of the largest ever known. The Exchequer receipts had been £5,812,000 in excess of the Estimates made by Sir W. Harcourt a year ago, and £7,290,000 more than the Exchequer receipts of the previous year. The Post-office and telegraph services showed a largo and sustained in- crease; house duty showed an increase of £500.000 ; and the net receipts from foreign spirits were £137,000 more than the estimate. Tea showed an increase of £158,000 over the receipts for the previous year, and the receipts from tobacco had been £333,000 m)re than the net receipts in the previous year. He believed the inareass from tobacco was mainly due to the great increase in the consumption of cigarettes. The receipts for wine, beer and spirits in 1894-5 had been exceeded by £136,000, £617,000, and £334,000 respectively. The exchequer receipts from the Death Duties had amounted to £11,600,000, besides £2,450,000 paid to the Local Taxation Account. They showed an increase of £2,460,000 over the estimate, but he believed that in regard to those duties the highest point had been reached. Under the heading of general stamps the estimate had been exceeded by £1,690,000, a result largely due to the wonderful fit of gambling on the Stock Exchange which would be fresh in the minds of all mem- bers. The net surplus for the year was £4,2lo,ooo,which had been devoted to naval works. After referring to the steps taken to improve the condition of the gold coinage, Sir M. HICKS-BEACH said that during the past year the National debt had been reduced by £8,131,000. The increase in the deposits in the savings banks showed the prosperous state of the country, but he was afraid that the State could not go on paying the pre- sent rate of interest. The revenue went on increasing, but the demands on it increased faster than the re- venue. He estimated that for the coming year the expenditure would amount to £100,047,000, an increase of £4,066,000 over the estimate of last year That increase was due mainly to the vast augmen- tation of the Navy Estimates. The revenue he expected to reach ,£101,755,000, which would give him a surplus of £1,708,000. lie proposed to spend about £200,000 in redressing certain hardships which had been found to occur in the working of the Finance Act of last year with regard to the legacy and succession duty ; and the bulk of the remaining £1,500,000 it was proposed to de- vote to the relief of agriculture. The reduction of the land tax from 43. 7.0 Is. would absorb £lOO,OOO, and £975,000 was to go to lighten the rates on agricultural land. The remaining £433,000 he proposed to use to meet the increased expenditure with regard to education which would fall within the present year on account of the proposals in the Education Bill.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PRESENTATION TO THE VICAR.—On Monday evening, several of the committee of the Young Men's Class, with their teacher, Mr. Hallows, on behalt of the members presented the Vicar with a very handsome gold pen and pencil case, a large size prayer book, and a musical album, all suitably inscribed. The presentation was made at the Vicarage, and Mr. Hallows said they had met on behalf of the class to express their good wishes to the Vicar on his birthday, hoping there were many more in store for him, and that each succeeding one might be happier than the last, and that he might soon be res- tored to such health and strength as to enable him to lead them on in the work, as in the happy times of yore. Mr. J. Spensley made the presentation, and referred to the heartiness with which the matter had been taken up by the members. and to the kindly feeling entertained for the Vicar by all the parishioners.—The Vicar, who was very deeply moved, thanked them very much for their handsome presents, and for the kindly feelings shown towards himself. He wished he had been able to get amongst them, and to help them more in their good work, but they knew:the reason. Now, acting on the doctor's orders, and in compliance with the wishes of his best friends, he had decided, with the consent of the Bishop, to take an entire rest, which he hoped, with the blessing of God, would result in him being able to take up the work of the parish with greater zeal than he had ever done before.—Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Miller both spoke of the kindness and courtesy of the Vicar, and ex- pressed hopes of his early recovery.—Afterwards about an hour was spent in pleasant chat and a little music.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

CYCLISTS AND THH "BROW."—The N.C.U.bave deemed it necessary to erect a danger board on the brow of Hal- ton Hill. This is not meant as a warning to local cyc ists so much as a warning to strangers to the district, who are not used to the road. To the local cyclists the incline is not considered exactly dangerous, but there is a "ticklish "corner half way down which is somewhat trying when travelling down the incline at a high rate of speed.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

PRIMROSE LEAGUE MEETING AT LATCHFORD.

On Saturday evening the annual meeting of the Grappenhall Habitation of the Primrose League was held in the Parish Room,Latchford. There was only a small attendance. The chair was taken by Mr. J. C. Parr, J.P., D.L. Mr. A. L. Kaye read the secretary's report and the chairman remarked that it was fairly satisfactory. On his proposition it was adopted and a vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Kaye, the secretary. Mr. Kaye also read the financial report in the absence of Mrs. Coxon, the treasurer, and said that the total expenditure was .254 13s. id., and the income £49 13s. id., leaving a debt to the treasurer of £5. This report was adopted, and Mrs. Coxon thanked for her services. The following officers were then elected :—Mrs. Parr, ruling councillor; Mrs. Coxon, treasurer ; Mr. Roger Parr, secretary ; wardens for Latchford, Mr. E. Hankey, Mr, T. liankey, Mr. Howard, Mr. Lay- land; Grappenhall, Messrs. Spence, Fairhurst,Long- shaw, and A. L. Kaye; Lumb Brook, Mr. H. Rough- sedge. rhe Appleton and Stretton habitations were joined together by the request of the former. Votes of thanks to the wardens and the chairman concluded the business. The remaining part of the evening was occupied by Mr. Mel 13. Spurr, the highly popular entertainer, and he gave unqua- lified pleasure to all with his songs, sketches, and recitals. EVERY CYCLIST should use JOHN S. GREEN'S NEW ROAD MAP,6O miles about WarringLon,lB.6d. nett, at 34, Bridge-st. and 23, Buttermarket-st.—Advt. Y.M.C.A. P.S.A.—OPEN AIRETING.

Last Sunday being prize day, the P.S.A. meeting was an open one, and there was a large attendance of members and friends. Mr. William Owen, J.P., presided, and congratulated the committee on the success of the movement, and on the regular and increasing attendances of the members. The prizes which had been won by those members making 12 attendances:in the quarter, represented more than 90 per cent.of the total membership, which in itself was a proof that the members took deep interest in the work, and that there was a large amount of good done. The meetings he was pleased to see, were kept up all the year round, and were as well attended in summer as winter. Mr. Arthur Kent, of Manchester, gave an address, taking as his sub- ject " Apartments to let." He pointed out that the minds of people could be furnished with good and useful things, or left empty and desolate, according to the way they were looked after and attended to. Miss Kent saLg with much taste "The Last Mile- stone," and Mr. Hitches gave a clarionet solo in good style, being accompanied by Mr. F. Hickman. Mr. Kent (president) and Mr. Barber also took part in toe meeting, which was one of the most successful of the" prize days "which has been held. IRON d BRASS BRDSTEADS.—GARLAND, Iron- a monger, Warrington.—Advt.l TRAVELLING TRUNKS.—GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrington.—Advt.

BUILDING TRADES EXHIBITION.—At 2.30 p.m. on April 20th, St. James's Hall,Ma.nchester,will be opened for the Building Trades and Home Comforts Exhibition, when the arts and crafts will be shown in actual operation. Among the attractions are the Band of the Grenadier Guards under the direction of Lieutenant Dan Godfrey (Prof. R.A.M.), and from the 27th April to 2nd May,the band of FI.M. Scots Guards with pipers and dancers ; and from the 4tk to the 9th of May when the exhibition closes, the band of the Royal Marine Light Infantry will be in attendance. There will also be an illuminated fairy fountain. Mr. A. F. Baker is manager.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MANAGEMENT OF PADGATE SCHOOLS.

The minutes of the previous meeting of the Board when in committee were read. They stated that an im- portant decision of the Ladies' Committee with refer- ence to the management of Padgate S3hools was under consideration. Owing to the grave nature of the report, the Board resolved that a special committee be ap- pointed to inquire into the mlnagement of Pedgate Schools, and report to the Board.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE COMMITTEE.

The minutes of this committee mentioned the passing of a vote of thanks to the chairman and vice-chairman of the c&mmittee (Mr. Clarke and Mr. A. J. Jolley re- spectively) for the manner they had performed their duties during the past year. A similar comrliment was paid to the master and matron, and officers of the Work- house.—The minutes were confirmed on the motion of Mr. Clarke, seconded by Mr. A. J. Jolley.

SCHOOLS COMMITTEE.

This committee reported that Mr. Forshaw had ex- amined the boiler at Padgate schools, and advised that the leakage should be attended to at once. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman and vice-chairman, on the proposition of Mrs. Clay,for the valuable services rendered by them and the general regularity of their at- tendancs. The minutes were passed ota. he motion of Mr. A. J. Jolley, seconded by Mrs. Clay.—The Clerk re- ported that he had received a report from the Boiler In- surance Company on the state of the boiler, and it was desirable that it should have immediate attention.—lt was decided on the proposition of Mr. Thompson that Mr. Forshaw should submit an estimate of the cost of the repair of the boiler.

GIFT TO TIIE INMATES.

The SUPERINTENDENT reported that he had received a box of oranges as an Easter gift from Mr. William Floughton.

THANKS TO THE CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMEN.

Mr. A. J. JoLLEY propoed a hearty vote of thanks to the chairman and the vice-chairmen. He (Mr. Jolley) th3u.ht their Chairman had filled the post with credit to the Board and himself. If they looked over the history of that Board they would find that the chair had been filled by men of real eminence and force of character, and he belt eyed Mr. Houghton had not fallen below the high standard of his predecessors. With regard to the vice-chairmen, he might say that the Chairman had been there so constantly that they had had very little to do. But they deserved the thanks of the Board.—Mr. Clarke seconded th^ resolution, and Mr. Hickman and Father Moore supported it. The resolution having been passed, the Chairman in the course of his acknowledgments,said he could not leave the chair without paying a compli- ment to the Clerk. Guardians might come and go but the Clerk went on for ever. (Laughter.) He hoped their Clerk would continue his duties for many years to ceme. (Hear, hear.)

THE LADIES COMMITTEE.

The CHAIRMAN proposed a vote of thanks to the Ladies Committee for their work during the year. He was sure they had done their work with the very best in- tention.—Mr. THOMPSON seconded the proposition. He had confidence at the time when he moved the aproint- ment of the Ladies Committee, that the Board would be quite pleased with what they din. He thought the Board did a wise thing in ap- pointing the committee.—Mr. CLARKE supported the vote, and said he was sure the ladies had been very use- ful, and hat their work would result in much good.— The Clerk on being asked by the Chairman to speak, said in a few weeks he should enter upon his 25th year of ser- vice as Clerk. Previous to being Clerk he was a member of the Board for some years. He had had over fifty years connection with the Board. He concurred with the re- marks made by Mr. Thompson with reference to the Ladies Committee,and he thought that committee would eventually be for the, good of the institutions of that Union. During his term of service on the Board he had tried to see that the wishes of the Board were carried out in an honourable and impartial manner. He thanked the Board for their constant kindness and courtesy to himself.—The vote was unanimously agreed to, and the Board rose.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

LIBERAL v. CONSERVATIVE CLUBS.

On Tuesday the return match between teams repre- senting the two political clubs of the town was played off at the Conservative Club, Sankey-st. On the previous occasion when the first round was played at the Liberal Club the homesters won by a majority of 165. A large amount of interest was,therefore, taken in the result,the Conservative Club being crowded. Tables in both rooms were used and some very good play witnessed, success falling to the endeavours of the homesters. As before the greatest interest centred in the game between Mr. A. H. Crosfield and Mr. E. Parry. The latter gentleman when playing at the Liberal Club only scored 55, while his opponent put on 150, but his chances were thought to be favourable for a much better nerformance when "at home." On starting he went off at a good speed. and held the lead up to about 50, when Mr. Crosfield accustomed himself to the run of the table and compiled a break of 31. This was followed by smaller ones in quick succession, and he ultimately reached his points with Mr. Parry's score at 81. The result was very heartily cheered by players on both sides and congratulations for the winner were general. The following are the scores of both the borne and away matches with the results and the majority on the two games for the Conservatives :

LIBERAL TEAM CONSERVATIVE TEAM D Tinnion (captain) George Strange F R Ttoberts l5O F Aukland 8 Massey :132 IC Oldfield l5O R Wo,ds _. 101

. . A Jones 139 D Rawlings l5O W T Hooper l5O R Rigby J Savage C J Holmes ll9 James Brandreth B J Hitchell l5O H Gittens l2O A H Crosfield l5O 11 Parry 55 I Bowen

i`Harrison J Jennings

1,938 1,773 Majority for the Liberals, 165. LIBERALS. CONSERVATIVES. D Tinnion (captain) 9O H J Longton (captain) l5O George Strange 94 T Horrabin (sub-captain)... 150 C J Holmes 69 James Brandreth A H Crosfield Flt Roberts E J Mitchell Joseph Harrison Sauntel Ma sfleY Robert Woods 126 Thomas Cooper Arthur Jones. W T Hooper James Jennings S Beaman l5O G Redfern lO4 James Savage l5O W Davies.

1,514 1.865 Majority for Conservatives, 251. Maiority on the two games for the Conservatives. 86. At the conclusion of the match,

Mr. GEORGE PILLING, hon. secretary of the Conserva- tive club, observed that all the arrangements had been conducted in a friendlyand gentlemanly manner. The Conservatives would be pleased to make the event an annual one. (Hear, hear.) So long as he was in office at any rate, he would do all that lay in his power to make the proceedings as pleasant as possible. cAp- plause.) Alderman SUTTON, J.P., gave a hearty welcome to the Liberals, and expressed the pleasure it afforded him to see both parties meet in such a friendly manner. His opinion was that even in political matters they ought to be friendly towaris each other, and meet as if no differ- ence of opinion really existed. He proposed that a vote of thanks b. given to the Liberals for coming amongst them that evening. He coupled with the vote the names of Mr. Thomas Morris and Councillor Tinnion. (Applause.) The vote was heartily agreed to. Mr. Moms, who was warmly received, said he was pleased to be able to refer to the sterling and honest conduct of the Conservatives generally. Their politics were awfully hard during a contest, but when it was over they put them away and were very cordial. The billiard match was a wise arrangement on the part of the leaders of tbe two clubs, and it was an excellent thing to bring the members in social competition before the arrival of the bowling season. He hoped the matches would be continued as long as the political clubs existed in Warrington. (Applause.) Councillor TINNION also responded, and congratulated the Conservatives on their victory after some good play. The Liberals were thoroughly satisfied with the beating they had received, though he hoped they would be able when tha. next game was played to say that they had won. (Laughter and applause.) He could say as one who had taken part in a considerable amount of politi- cal fighting in Warrington that it had given him much pleasure to put away the weapons of warfare and meet in such a friendly spirit that evening. He thoroughly believed that these billiard competitions in the winter and the bowling ones in the summer would do a great deal to heal some of the little sores that arose in elec- tioneering times. (Applause.) Three hearty cheers having been given for the victors, the proceedings were brought to a conclusion.

A letter from Allahabad throws some light upon the cause of the heavy mortality in the Indian army. The Norfolk Regiment has lost 20 men by enteric fever since March 1, and the Royal Irish lost their colonel and seve- ral men from the same cause. Enteric fever now ac counts annually for one-third of the total deaths occur. ring in the British army in India. LAWN MOWERS.—CfAerawn, Bridge-street, War rington,—ildvt.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

gc WrcLIFFE

4 sung irp,'

R E V ELn (Mai

A• MA 4peciat II

. Hours TThri_sr. _s FLloil FMB

TWO pH'

Eque SORB : °OMR% ME

BtriLDlNa

BOT ,TIAND 0 *mu:S AND 27 4013 OP H.l

ItiTisii AI

'4IAT TO 9' LIMIT I

Ite4 44b- G 3 10 4esdaYe. 6d.

111-DAY .I:lZel°rNation of „I:4Z, Royal ! 'heap TIC] Static

Rough G Widnes I Warring' Cadibbee

rartingt , tau. Itnutsfoi Nty -",Bllgers ret m'or fares a

Cent PtltE Is BUSONS ,tfurnaer's f\F„. and espe( 1.P4:4, OF (3 (. ..e1„;;;Ieels and eli C 44 II ritation hOW °OPix,„e4l:l supp as übe earefu Cl 4111 k,. CUrgeS . °H This le, gel? laer Pc 404 ,_every 10 COIRI AfttAin trim B AkiaingOir ue

110101,3110 ov latic

TOLEts....t 811)11330411i 11°11111T8 13ft118(141 ti°4llZos_l Otoq it,titsknsOtto, 'c'ea II el

,___

WROLR

-,.,,__,,___,.

Ll3l g I Droved "Y wl uuced 1

PURE

111111RNA7

Puitrri

,;!

===== 0002601_18960418_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The improved position in the Northern Union compe- tition which Warrington gained last week, was fully maintained and buttressed up on Saturday, when War- rington for the second time this season defeated the Wakefield Trinity fifteen. The first engagement was played at the latter end of October, awl Warrington then won by seven points to nil, and on Saturday the margin was again the same, Warrington being ten points and Wakefield three. It was, of course, rather unfortunate for the Trinitarians that they should be obliged to travel to Warrington on both occasions ow- ing to the suspension of their ground on account of mis- bellaviour on the part of their specLators.

Of Saturday's game it cannot be said that it was one of the most pleasant to witness. The play was confined too much to the forward ranks, and if we mistake not, the half backs played rather selfishly. Bate was missed in this department, and it is to be hoped that he will have sufficiently recovered from his injuries, to don the jersey again before the close season commences.

Of the three-quarter line, it must be admitted that it was not one from which great thirgs could be expected. With absentees of such merit as Barber, Cross,and Law- less,,he threequarters were not very formidable. They, however.were quite as smart as their opponents, Burton especially being a shining light. The visiting team possessed the best fomards,as Yorkshire clubs generally do,and it is in this department that Halifax may be ex- pected to carry off the palm next Saturday.

With regard to the Halifax team,it may be stated that they have now only two matches to play. On the 20% th.,y are to meet Runcorn on the Irwell-lane enclosure, and on the following Saturday they will have Warring- ton as their opponents. Both teams have already been beaten this season by Halifax. It is stated in the " Athletic News " that it will be a large order for Hali- Dx to beat Runcorn, but no mention is made of the Warrington engagement. There is just a probability that the Halifax men may find it quite as large an order to defeat Warrington as their Cheshire neighbours— Runcorn.

There will doubtless be a large " gate " at Widnes to- day, when Warrington play their return engagement with the reprecentatives ot the chemical town. Owing to the recent defeats of the Widnes team Warrington occupy a far better position in the League tables,and the " wirepullers " intend to make every effort to maintain their lead. Warrington will be represented by the fol- lowing :—Heesom, full back ; Barber, Burton, Cross,and Broady, threequarter backs ; Higginbottom and Hough- ton, half backs ; Nevins, Taylor, Dakin, Sanders, Bur- rows, Berry, Fairhurst, and Thornton, forwards.

Brlughton Rasers secured their first two points in the Lancashire section of the competition on Monday, when they decisively beat Widnes. Warrington are due on the Rangers' ground on Monday night, and it is to be hoped that they will come out of the engagement with greater credit than the Widnesians It cannot be said that Warrington have done very well in their away engagements, having only won three during the sea- son, but with a good team on Monday another should be added to the list of victories.

The Northern Union is as follows :

Score. Score.

PM. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'st. Pts. Halifax 115 anningham 39 ... 30 ... 9 0 ...341 ...149 ... 60 Oldham Runcorn 3B ... 21 ... 9 ... 8 ...270 ...134 ... 50 Hul! Br'ghouse Ran 39 ... 20 ... 11 ... 8 _220 ...114 ... 48 Hunslet Leigh Ty Ideslev Wigan 39 ... 18 ... 14 ... 7 ...238 ...134 ... 43 tßradford Leeds Warrington Widnes Liversedge 39 ... 14 ... 21 4 -.233 ...316 ... 32 *St.Helens 37 ... 12 ... 17 ... 8 -.145 ...208 ... 30 Stockport Batley 39 ... 10 ... 22 ... 7 ...109 ...275 ... 27 Wakefield T 3B ... 11 ... 23 ... 4 ...110 .. 292 ... 26 Huddersfield 39 ... 9 ... 26 4 ...161 ...240 ... 22 tßeght'n Ran 33 ... 7 ... 23 ... 8 ...143 ...203 ... 22 Rochdale H. * St Helens 2 points deducted for breach of Rule 22.

f The game between these clubs on Easter Monday has been awarded as a draw, and is so counted in this table.

The Lancashire section is as follows : Score Score Pts. Pld. Won Lost Drn. For. Ag'st. Oldham lB ... 11 ... 5 4... 2 —173 ... 67 24 Wigan Runcorn Leigh Tyldesley Warrington Widnes *St. Helens Stockport Rochdale H l7 ... 3 ... 9 ... 5 ... 43 ...116 ... 11 B g'ht'n Ran l7 ... 1 ... 10 ... 6 ... 32 ... 84 ... 8

The Yorkshire section is as follows : Score Score Pts. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn For. Ag'st. Manninghatn 18 ... 15 ... 3 ... 0 ...149 ... 53 ... 31 Halifax Hunelet Hull l3 ... 10 ... 7 ... 1 ...115 ... 53 ... 21 Leeds B'ghouse Ran ld ... 7 ... 8 ... 3 ... 74 ... 52 ... 17 Bradford 2O ... 6 ... 9 ... 5 ... 74 ... 87 ... 17 Liyersedge 2O 7 ... 11 ... 2 ...112 ...133 ... 16 Huddersfield l9 ... 5 ... 13 1 ... 75 ...109 ... 11 Batley lB ... 4 ... 11 ... 3 40 ...111 ... 11 Wakefi'd Tri'ty 17 ... 5 ... 11 ..., 1 ... 47 ...147 ... 11

A meeting of the Lancashire Section was held in Man- chester on Tuesday evening. The chief item was the charge against Priestley and Barker, two Liversedge players, of having used abusive language to Mr. Dillon, of Warrington, who was referee in the match against Leigh on March 29. The two players and Mr. Dillon were present and gave evidence. Other Liversedge players were incriminated, but could not be traced.— After consideration of the facts, the committee decided to suspend Priestley and Barker over this season and two months in next—that is, to the end of October. The facts of the chaige generally were admitted by the Liversedge representative, Mr. Hampshire, who was instructed to caution all their players as to future con- duet. Alford, Widnes A team, for striking an opponent was dismissed with a reprimand. Archer was trans- ferred from Widnes to St. Helens, and Catterall given permission to play with Wigan. It was ascertained that Walkden and St. Helens Recreation have made formal application to join the Union.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

The re-played match for the if;O-c-i-ailon Cup,on Satur- day, between St. Elphins and Barnton Rovers has re- sulted for the second time in the Barntonians carrying off the trophy. St. Elphin's made strenuous endeavours to score but were unable to raise a point while their op- ponents scored 3 goals. At half time nothing had been scored,and it was thought that another draw was going to be made, but on the change of sides Baraton with some little wind advantage soon asserted their superi- ority. In passing they were the smarter team and their victory was earned.

From a spectator's point of view, the match was spoiled by the hQavy cross-wind carrying the ball into touch and baffling the players. With the Barnton team there came a large contingent of vilagers, and these, many of them women, kept up a continual stream of confident assertions as to the visitors superiority. Un- fortunately for home prestige they were right, and the cup only wants to be won again by Barnton when it be- comes their absolute property.

CRICKET.

Very shortly we shall bid adieu to football for a sea- son, and attention will then be directed to cricket. The Warrington Cricket Club fixtures were published in this journal last week, and it would be seen that some in- teresting engagements are to take place. For the first part of the season the team will be under the captaincy of Mr. S. M. Crosfield, who, it is stated, intends to pay a visit to Iceland about midsummer. The professionals for this season are A. Thewlis and George Scrimshaw. The former comes from Yorkshire and has an excellent batting average, whilst the last-mentioned is said to be very good with the ball. The absence of Dr. Reginald Smith from the team is to be regretted, but still the e is every prospect of a successful season for the Warring- ton eleven, which is acknowledged to be one of the best in the district.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING.

The Warrington Polo team will figure in the" A " division of the competitions in connection with the Liverpool and District Polo Association during the forth- coming season, and some interesting engagements should be witnessed. The Warrington team will again be under the captaincy of Mr. T. Locker, and Mr. Scot- son will be the sub-captain. Their opponents in the competition will include Sefton. North Liverpool, West Liverpool, and St. Helens. It will be remembered that the latter club beat the Warrington polo team in both engagements last season, but Warrington are hoping to be able to give a better account of themselves on the nest occasion.

CYCLING.

On Saturday about a dozen members of the Warring- ton Cycle Club turned out for a run to Cranage, for the first time this season. The journey going was very pleasant, and on arrival at the farm tea was partaken of. Meanwhile, however, the heavens had oer'cast and before 7 o'cicck there were signs of rain. This caused the wheelers to turn their noses homewards,but alas! the the decision had come too late to save them from an un- exampled drenching, and, of course, they arrived home just as the downpour ceased. It is always so. Twenty miles in the rain is very unpleasant under any circum- tances, but when the rain ceases at the journey's end, and you reflect that had you waited you would have been dry, it is all the more tantalising.

===== 0002601_18960418_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS.

WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAY April 15T11„,. FRUIT VEGETATILbI, POULTRY. BUTCHERS' ANv FISHMONGER TABLE. s. d. s. d. s. d. s• Beef,Eng ,4 RO sto 0 9 Melons each 0 0-- 0 Lamb per qr 12 6 —l6 0 C rauges, ereh 0 C— 0 ; Mutton,, tb 0 6—o 10 (el .ry• ir stick 0 0— 0 t' Veal „ „ 0 6—o 10 Tea-s Pork . „ 0 5 0 8 A riclts each 0 0— 0 '4' Pork sides ... 0 41— 0 5 Carrots per lb 0 0— 0 ~ cured... 0 44 0 5 Caultflo'rs each 0 0— 0 Whole pigs,sc. 7 3 7 6 Cucumbers „ 0 0— 0 Geese lb 0 o—o 10 Cabbages '0 1— 0 " 0 Fowls,Pcouple 4 0— 0 0 Tomatots fff ti; 1 0— 0 Chi ,kens 4 6 5 6 Filberts lb 0 8— 0 Duchlinga Rabbits Hares each... 0 0 0 0 Asparagusbrloo 0 0— 9 , Pigeons , 1 0 0 0 Potatoesr loal 4 6 0 ° Pa'edgeb.e.ce 3 0 0 0 Xewnotatoes 1 0 0— 0 n° Grouse „ 0 0— 0 0 Mushrooms Vt 00—1 va Pheasants ... 0 0 - 0 0 tireen Pets Pk 0 0— 0 nu Turkey lb ... 0 0 0 10 Green Speutstit 0 3- 0 u Butter.fr'sh tb 2 2 1 8 Bean,k'dn'yslb 0 c— 0 °0 Hen ezgsl4Bcls 1 0 0 u Pornegranatts 0 1— 0 Duck,, 12 1 0— 0 0 Walnuts lb 0 0— 0 `,.; Apples l 0 0 0 3 Lemons each 0 0-- 0 Onions .....0 1 0 2 Cheese o— 0 va Grapes ~ 0 0— 2 0 Best New 5B 0-62 n- PineAppleeach2 6 3 0 Good 0 0— 0 v 0 GreengagesTßO 0— 0 0 Medium 50 0-55 0 Cherries lb 00— 0 0 Lobster lb 00—0 1, St'wbVies „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ 0 0— 1 73 Damsons „ 00— 0 0 Salmon „00— 2 6 Plums „ 0 0 0 0 Whitings „00— 0 0 G'seb'eles „ 0 0— 0 0 Flukes „ 0 0— 0 / 1° R'spb ties „ 0 0 0 Eels ~0 00— 0 Black Cur'nts 0 0 0 0 S les ~ 1 4 0, 0 Red Cur'ants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings ~0 0— 0 Marrows each 0 0— 0 6 Codfith ,' 0 4.06 Seakale Ns 80 0 0 Mackerel each OC 03 Rhubarb bch 0 0 —o 3 Herring per doz.l 0—

===== 0002601_18960418_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
'C°NGREGATIONAL CHURCH, NEWTON-LE- WILLOW'S. 55TH SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. rr IWO SIIMMONS Will be Preached b On SUNDAY NEXT. 191 h APRIL. 1896, -07 the REV. PROFESSOR I; . AR ViITA.GE, M.A., , Yorkshire United College, Bradford. Dtvine Service. Morning at 10.30, Evening at 6,30. In the Lfternoon, at 2 45, Win A .NIUSIC;AL SERVICE —given by the Choir. Organist, Mr. W. H. Thompson. ot 4, llection will be made atthe close ot each Service in aid "Sunday School. IWERSEY MISSiON TO SEAMEN. RUNCORN, WIDNES AND WESTON POINT BRANCH. 1 MONDAY, A'PRIL.2TH, a Grand Performance by the DUSKY DIAMONDS u,Nellebers of the Liver. 01. Kew ucky Darkies Amateur Petrel Society). in the PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, Bo' aid of the debt on the Runcorn Seamen's Institute. A,oOra open at 7, performance at 7.33. carriages at 10. titZtrlission Reserved seats (numbered) 2s. 65. ; second bitt. (ollmbered) Es. ; body of hall front and side galleries is. gallery 61. ttriLDING TRADES' AND HOME COMFORTS' EXHIBITION, • ST. JAMES' HALL. MANCHESTER. APRIL 20TH TO MAY 9TH. 20TH APRIL TO THE 25TH, BAND OF THE GRENADIER GUARDS. ""•rthe Direction or Lieut DAN GOD FREY (Prof.R.A.M.), ARTS AND CRAFTS IN ACTUAL OPERATION. 13412 Yr, 27TH APRIL To 2ND MAY, OF H.M. SCOTi GUARDS with PIPERS and DANCERS. 1 Illuminated Fa,ry Fo,ntain. MAY TO 9TH, BAND OF THE ROYAL MARINE LIGHT INFANTRY. Po:tsmouth OPENING DAY. MONDAY at 2.30 p.m. i—Opening Ceremony, 2s. 65. iflall)n Tickets, 6s. 6d. aao. to 10 p.m. is. After 6 p.m. on Mondays and edileadays, cd. ALBERT P. BAKER, General Manager. WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTO SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY On SUNDAY, APRIL, 25TH, 1896, I a SERMONS r! be preached in the Morning by the Rey. H. H. BRAY- -14, of Z:on Chapel Tilancheste- (to Young People), and Lne Evening by the Re A. MACKENNAL, 8.A., D.D., f Bowdon. 1/,, Special Hymns and Anthems will be sung. of Service,l6.3o and 6.30. Collections for Church Funds

Offirtat ilottrts. °ROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION ACTS. 1141111 nation of Children for Labour Certificates on Friday, the 24th April, 1896- Anl,, tlo3,:za Child above the age of 11 years who desires to be ern. Ntbov" as half-timer and any chi id above the age of 13 years toffl, Wishes t,4 be taken into full time employment must be With give notice to the Schoolmaster of its intention to 141413:lified for a labour certificate. .1101 further information will be :umished on applica- bare any of the School Attendance Inspectors. d this 4th day of April, 1896. J. LYON WHITTLE, Clerk to the School Attend-ince Committee.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. bkIR,.„Y SCHOLARSHIPS. The CHESHIRE COUNTY OUNTY COUNCIL offers for competition ten 'or tZiAIISHIPS, tenable at the Dairy Institute,Worleston, 0.10 Weeks. commencing MAY 18th, to enable the holders trtqj'4l,n thorough instruction in Dairy work. Candidates kh" „not be less than sixteen years of age. totieucations to be forwarded to me not later than MAY R. P. WARD, Organising Secretary.

teiltOUGH OF WARRINGTON. THE RABIES ORDER OF 1895. 4/ CE A HEREBY GIVEN, that at a Meeting of the u 4II thority 0., the Borough of Warrington, held on Thurs- „,titttlTt 9th day of April, 1896. it was ordered that, from and Al(l4'ae 20th day of April, 1896, the following REGULA- VAIhaII have effect ikt shall be allowed to be in or on any public place such dog is Muzzled with a Muzzle so constructed rencler it impossible for such Dog while wearing the 40:7° to bite any person or animal, but not so as to pre- such Dog from breathing freely or lapping water vided that the foregoing Regulation shall not apply (a) Any Dog which has on a Collar with the Name and Address of the owner of the Dog legibly en- graved on a plate thereon. (b) Sporting Dogs while being used for spo,ting pur- poses ;or any Dogs while being used for the cap- ture or destruction of vermin, and in every case in 4, charge of a competent person. y offence against the abuve Regulation is deemed an en cettga.inst thc Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, which ren- the offender liable to a penalty of not exceeding £2O. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

To „.BUILDERS.—The Commissioners of lI.M. bito,works and Public Buildings are prepared to receive ''UltS for the erection of new Government Offices at trtinf4to tt. tor -Irings, Specifications, and a copy of the Conditions and V,044 of Contract may be seen on application at the County 1114„1:)inee. Warrington. 2411 d: 01 Quantities have been prepared for the use of Ztren-PLbY Messrs. J. Lee mut Son, of 35, Craven-street, w and together with forms of Tender may be ob- ‘4s.tthis office on payment of one guinea. The sums so ip :will be returned to those persons who send in Tenders ktriiiVOrmity with the conditions specified below. The Corn htru,',..:4ers do not hold themselves responsible for the ac- the quantities, nor do they bind themselves to ac- Th,ge lowest or any Tenier. to..'IIERS are to be delivered before 12 o'clock noon, on uftet7Y, the' 12th proxim addressed to the Secretary. H.M. NorLi Works, &c., 12, Whitehall Face, London. S.W., and "y,t "Tender for new Government Offices, Warrington." REGINALD B. BRETT, 11.1,1 Secretary. is.',uffice of Works, &c. 189,. Ntrt THOMAS FRAIN, COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 13fItts28:. REWSEY ROAD, WARRI.NGTON. 'OUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION -1?telal Arrangements, &e., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

OPENING OF NEV PREMISES. llkr, JOHN SARGENT, Tn FAMILY BUTCHER. 1 —.,4I‘NOUNCE that he has OPENED the Premises, '114113R ". ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON, A onnivicll,sg11 BEEF, MUTTON. LAMB, PORK, Bm., ara ot,TEt7 A- ert at LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. 0.04 RESPE'TFULLD SOLICITED. All Orders ,ote TLy ATTEND S.D TO and Delivered if Required. Address : 10, ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON

ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. RINSURED AGAINST BY THE AMWAYPASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPITAL £1,000,000. COMPENSATION PAID £3,600,000, 64, CORNRILL , LONDON. A. \TIAN, Secretary. 14Iao AGENTS n ........... . ...... ... Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate ........................ W. H.RIG EY, Central Station :Attt,sfnu_!... ............... Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street ...........................Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER ........................Mr. R. FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

ettritisbo 300u5e5, - —La:MO.—First-class apartment!; facingG n the se a. apply L., 16, URyON p Hioson from Helmshore; Private and •APartments. 162, Lytham-road, South Shore, tiL ApARTMENTS, permanent or otherwise, 41oght°c!'eltld communicate with the IMPERIAL AGENCY, 711, •ti-street. Southport. . ISLE OF MAN, Mona Ville, first-class Boarding Ralf. x_g.tablishment, facing sea • ear pier; tennis courts, "' Table d' Rote 7.Tariff.n

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

pIANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sons' easy n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Sootland-road, Liyemool.

OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned firm kjr,- hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new °rtes. Great sale —Grands and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from to ENO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to pny part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool. _--- pURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

m uss COPIES AT id. BACH. Lists 09000 post free, from CRANE and SONS, Great Music Warehouse, 6cotland-road, Liverpool.

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSSf or Cure of Rupture • registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 4f; 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

I\TOTICE OF REMOVAL—A. W. PAUL, Outfitter, has removed to the Central Premises. 3 SANKEY-STREET, two doors from Market, Gate.

ATISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.111., Professor of 1,4_ Singing and Voice Production, pure Italian method. Schools attend.d and Amateurs coached for Concerts.— Terms, &c., apply Mr. PEARSON'S, Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington.

MISS ELEANOR PICKTON (Mezzo-Soprano), Parr Hall Concerts, and Mr. William Salisbury Baritone) late Hereford Cathedral and Festival Choirs are open to ENGAGEMENTS.Miscellaneous and Billad Con- certs. Organ Recitals, &c. Concert Parties can also be en- gaged.—For terms address ARTHUR PICKTON, Sunnyside, Frogball-lane, Warrington.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS, dm. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery, and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 631 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

I 11 —WHITE SHIRTS RE-FITTED, with IS. _LID, four fold linen Fronts, Cuffs, and Neck Band, at the STAR HOSIERY, and SHIRT MANUFACTURERS, 73, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVF RPOOL. Country parcels promptly attended to.

TRAVELLERS' SAMPLE BAGS and CASES, in stock or Made to Order, at NORMAN'S Trunk Manu factory, Roscoe-arcade, top of Bold-street, Liverpool. Repairs.

\\J ROSENBERG ANDCo.'s • SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF OIL PAINTINGS AND WATER-COLOURS AT REDUCTIONS OF 50 PER CENT. AND UPW A.RDS. For particulars see Sale Catalogue, post free on application. A GENUINE CLEARANCE SALE. Note address :- 46, 48, AND 50, LIME-STREET, • ART GALLERY, 69, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE PERFECT BRUSH COMPANY LIMITED. 106, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. WHOLESALE, RETAIL, AND EXPORT BRUSHMAKERS.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In great variety. SPECIAL GRAND SHOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW'S, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

HENRY WHITTY. 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. LAWN TENNIS. CRICKET. GOLF, BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY, LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG, 55. 6. Agent for T. H. Ayres' High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis.

QCHIERWATER AND LLOYD V SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED RETAIL AGENTS FOR 'TEE WALTHAM WATCH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, Ste Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal ' fame for these Watches as THK BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FISH CHEAPEE THAN EVER! GAME AND POULTRY FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY Co. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE NOW OPEN EVERY DAY With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9D. each. CHICKENS, from is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 7D. per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FISH' SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. ORDERS DELIVERED IN TOWN AND DISTRICT. NOTE TIM ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

RIMIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffiel ansi Electro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &c. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool pERSON A. L APPEARANCE.—IIOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS 1. per oz. I IMMOVABLE I from MADE UP, J 2s. I SC ALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL, rpo THE NEWLY MARRIED and Parties Furnishing.— ..1. Sales by Auction every Monday and Tuesday at GRICE'S AUCTION ROOMS, 55, W ITECHAPEL,LIVER- POOL at Two o'clock, of an excellent assorment of FURNI- TURE and other Housenold Effects, removed from private residences and other sources. On view each morning of sale at the Rooms. Established 55 years.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of (1. A. Chinot). Strings, Bows, Cases, cic., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37„RENSH AW-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLA.mp & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. ATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE STREET, 12, LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GRAND EXHIBITION OF AMARYLLIS AND IMANTOPHYLLUMS. ROBERT KER AND SONS Especially invite inspection of their splendid Collections of these New and Goraeous Flowers, now in bloom, and continuing this month. Awarded March 22 the Special Gold Medal of the Royal Haarlem Floral Society, the brilliancy, form, and size of our flowers quite eclipsing the Dutch varieties. AMBURTH NURSERY, GRASSENDA.LE, Three minutes' walk from Cressington Station. Frequent trains frem Central Station, or Garston 'Bus hourly from Exchange passes the Nursery Gates. Seed Warehouse and Office: BASNETT -STREET LIVERPOOL. Telephone 666. Nursery Telephone 2.727.

ESTABLISHED FURS, FURS. 1882. SEALSKIN JACKETS RE-DYED 6s. 6d., best workman- ship guaranteed. Also all kinds of Furs altered to the present fashion; Sealskin Jackets re-modelled for £2 25., including high sleeves, storm collar, &c. Furs cleaned and skins dressed at half the price charged elsewhere. Skins mounted Into Rugs. Country orders punctually attended to. Call or write to A. BERKWITH, PRACTICAL FURRIER, 45. GREAT GEORGE-STREET (near top of BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL, and 6, S. JAMES' PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Work done for the trade at special prices.

THE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered Dv the Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It is maical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two b3ttles of NINE OILS immediately, it is a wonderful remedy.—Every Bicyclist, Footballer. A thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by 5. WOODEND, Ckemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles is lid and 2s 9d. free by post 13 4d and 2s, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. YOUNG, Chemist. Warrington.

VIGABS. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to deal direct with MANUFACTURERS and to call upon or write to WILSON HIGGIN AND COMPANY, CIGAR MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS, 38, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telezrams :—" Senoritas," Liverpool. Branch Office, 84. PORTLAND-ST.. MANCHESTER.

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE DON'T COUGH-JUST USE "A SIMPLE FACT. Ask throughout the world in any country that can be named, you will find KEATING'S LOZENGES largely sold. There is absolutely no remedy that is so speedy in giving relief, so certain to cure, and yet the most delicate can take them. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. ANY Dmvroa WILL TELL YOU " there is no oetter Cough Medicine than KEATING'S LOZENGES. tine gives relief ; they wit cure, and they wit/ n9t injure your heath Sold everywhere in 130. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY, THE NRIVALLED REMEDY.

MANDOLINE, GUITAR. BANJO, VIOLIN, and PIANTORTE LESSONS given by an experienced LADY PROFESSOR. For Terms and full particulars apply to MSS MILNE, NORTH VIEW, OVERTON, FRODSHAM. Warrington, Runcorn, •Widnes. Earlestown, and district visited.

JAMES HORTON, 139, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. PARK MACHINE BAKERY FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF PURE BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. THE BAKERY is fitted up on the improved Hygienic Principles in Ovens. end Machinery. ALL GOODS SOLD ARE MADE ON THE PREMISES. HOVIS BREAD AND BISCUITS. AWARD AND DIPLOMA FOR TY AND EXCELLENCE. JAMES HORTON, PARK MACHINE BAKERY, 139, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS : TELEPHONE "APOLLO." No. 6457. ESTABLISHED 1828. AVM. H. & G-. H. DREAPER 961 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS PIANOS BY ERARD, STEINWAY, COLLARD AND COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, BORD, ALLISON, AND THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS, CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS. AMERICAN ORGANS BY MASON AND HAMLIN, ESTY, BELL, BAUR, 1 AND THE CELEBRATED NEWMAN ORGANS, FOR WHICH WM. H. AND G. H. DREAPER ARE THE SOLE AGENTS. CASH, PRICE. FROM £7. EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM, GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RISK OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. PIANOS FROM 7s. PER MONTH. ORGANS FROM SS. PER MONTH. PIANOFORTES AND HARMONIUMS FOR ORDINARY HIRE, REPAIRED, TAKEN IN EXCHANGE, AND TUNED, SINGLY OR BY TIM YEAR.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

J. FAMILY BUTCHER, '59, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEF, MUTTON, VEAL AN PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All orders promptly attended to and delivered when required.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON IME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, } Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, GARDENERS &C. J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET. Slaughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. Offers for sale a large quantity of BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION, Highly recommended for Roots and Grass. Best prices paid for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, &c., and removed any reasonable distances. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

3110tt15, 3Evtiroo, T ONDON.—TAY HOTEL, 154. Euston Road (3 minutes to _II King's Cross, St. Pancras and Ruston Stations). Bed nd attendance 2s. 6cl. Highly recommended.

LONDON. WILL'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

Q OUT HPORT.—SUNNYSI DR HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR L. 7 NAROO. Summer and Winter Residence. one of th. handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with ever comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, aid golf links Tutkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, G-alva nisy Summer Terms from 7s. d B3ocacfc, Proprietors.

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINE IN SOUTHPORT AT IIAYES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANC&SHIRE AND YORKS HIRE RAILWAY CO.'s STATION. 38, CHAPEI4- STREET, SOUTHPORT. ESTABLISHED 1869.

MUSIC, Second kind, cheap lots. Violin. Flute, Cello, Organ. Piano Banjo, Cornet, String Baud, Ftc., every variety.—GßEGOßY, High-street, Birmingham.

7ITHER BANJO. exceptional quality, best maker, cost AG £8 89., parctically new, only 505.. approval, unquestion- able bargain.—B. Draws, 10,Richmond Terrace. Clapham. x QPECIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS, ORGANS, AT J. PARRY'S. 20, DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a', any price. Several square pianos 51 octaves. from £1 bs. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Brinsmead 7 10 1-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Collard & Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ, in oak case, cost £25 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest Improvements by Erard, Kirkman, Collard, Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton. Hopkinson. Rud Ibach. Newmeyer,Weber.

TANNERS LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. AGENT :_J WESTGARTH. AU kinds of House Coal, Nuts, liturgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House rders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98

H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants own plans. Jobbing puoctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER,' 4, BT. ,JAMES'S-STREET,:: WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL, PORK, AC. Always on hand, from 50. to fild, per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

J. GRANT, WHOLESALE CABINET, FURNITURE, AND DOMESTIC WOOD GOODS MANUFACTURER, &c., SHOP, OFFIOE AND WAREHOUSE &c. FITTER, JOINER, PACKING-CASE, BOX AND BOARD MANUFACTURER, LYTHGOE'S LANE, -WARRINGTON. LIST OF MANUFACTURES. TABLES—Dlning, Square, Round, Kitchen, Snap, Occasional, &e., SIDEBOARDS, Drawers, Chest', Dressers (open or TOILETS (open or closed), Bookcases, Cupboards, Shelves Over-mantles, Mantle Shelves, Wardrobes. BOXES—Soap, H isemaid, Clothes, Ice, Provision, Flour Knife, Salt, &c. BOARDS—Standing, Baking, Paste, Cutting, Packing, &c. Stools, Ottomans, Commodes, Cradles, Clothes Horses and Rails, Towel Rollers, Window Rollers and Rods Boiler Lids, Children's Chairs, Hat and Coat Rails. Clothes Props, Window and Step Ladders, &c. NOTE THE ADDRESS.

r JOSEPH IURNER, WHOLESALE SMALLWARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Machine 2 a Specialty.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 4.LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAV RIAN AM ER ALE: WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEET:

T. CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STRE ET, EARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. good Assortment of new and Second-hand Books al way in Stock

JON, BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON, ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL WADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

LADIES' BEST FRIEND Marrie 1 or Single Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free, I sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor mation of never-failing remedies for all ILLUSTRATED Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous , or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the GU IDE. 1 mcst delicate. MADAME A,E. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY.. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged.TEETH All consultations free. T f EETH. Each' patient informed beforehand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless ExtraloilLreaus shgxhiecfeto by the aid of TEETH, 'Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Bxors, of th late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-BTREET, EARLESTOIVN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MEES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTHVirICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

-1111pUSHES ! BRUSHES ! ! BRUSHES ! ! 1, GEORGE FERN, WHOLESALE BR USEI ANUFAC! TURER, MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, CHURCH-STREET.- WARRINGTON. At present and for three successive years contractor to the St. Helens Corporation and to Local Boards tco. Price lists on application. Established 1878.

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON FIOL.MES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., is. 2d., Is. 4d., is. 6d., is. Bd., AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE ;SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, is canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GRIMES AND BON. WARRINGTON

1011 ACING TIPS seldom pay, try Monte Carlo System a it, safe income from small investments. Particulars six stamps.—" Sport." 19. Wormgate, Boston

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HO LLAND, - THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Post free. Telegraphic Addresses: PATERSON, Flushing; BUMPTIOUS, London. x

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON .f BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Deacription of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

ESTABLISHED 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWICK-STREET. WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSORTSLENT OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking L Luseous and mysterio9s prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but all ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send rj„ a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN eg'; tor lost strength, wasting weakness, etc., from Whatro: muse arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTE, . ITY. Sent in envolope receipt of two stamps for postage. A. J.LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London, W.O

DR. J. COLLIS BROWN]' 5 CHLORODYNTI. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession t.° V be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever do' covered. CHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for • Coughs, Consumption. Bronchitis, and Asthma. riALORUDYNE effectually checks and arrestg tho 3e too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcei* and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery. I.IILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks V of Epil-lny Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORuDYNE is the only pallietive in Neural' gia, Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Menbr gitis, &c. From Dr. P. J. BouVroN and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in auf practice lately, and look upon it vs an excellent direct Seca‘ live and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrits' tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induceo' a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any othe,ir remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over ow others Sedatives; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physician: that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul al' Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully,. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOW DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BE WARE OF PIRACY AND Ilti" TATIONS. CADTIoN.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated thO' 'Dr. J. CoLins BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNR " and that the story of the defendatiu FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to sai' had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold ia bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. None !I S genuine without the words "DR. 3. COLLIS BROWNCHLORODYNE" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelta" ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MatiuttacTuaEas —J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russellst.. Bloomsbury, London.

• / ,Lezeiethfins,---., ~,e2 „arazitz, 4, . , GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. ... Sold everywhere in packets, is. 1:341. and 23. 9d., or post ft`" 14 or 34 stamps, from Sole Proprietors PRITCIIARDS LTD. Cii l4ni IST, CHEADLE, MANCIIESTER. _...----

.-7--' ' , ~,,,. ~."7.4,i',., 4,,,,,,,,, ...1,- . A- ' 15, ..t...,,, ~.• . , truf, 44 i'Lan,:: , -.-.).•

CYCLES for Ladie-a and Gentle men 30 per cent saved. terms. 1893 Lice; of neW a Second hand Cycles, pcst free. imAtivieN',-;-77gzix15.4.1E4 - • , A 0 . , THE BRITISH CYCLE NT 4..NUFACTURING Co. 45, livertou if ad. Li x erpool.

ITARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROPS _BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 122, BRIDGE STILE 1225 BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STREO" END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is a 13am-fide CLEARANCE SALE of about Class Bassinetts, now offered under (lost price to clea • COME EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST COXIEILS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

• WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL •••. MAIL* STEA M ERS 41,1k,t LIVERPOOL to NEW YORE via Queenstown, EVERY WEDNESDAY. 31ASESTIC Wed.. April 22 t *GERMANIC Wed.. April 29. Cotton not carrted on Passenuer xnearnert. Second Cabin will be carried an toe voyage merged thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of ,harge to New York, Boston. Philadelphia, or Baltimore. tPPIY to Isasir, bung, and Co., 34. Leadenhall-street, o'don. 8.0.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

DAILY RULINGS BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND LLANDUDNO. THE SPLENDID SALOON PASSENGER STEAMER " SNOWDON VII Sail (weather and circumstan-es permitting), EVERY Atlbetween above places from APRIL 9611 to MAY 15th, inclusive. Ile. ming Liverpool 11 a.m. Returning Llandudno 4.30 p.m. 4rrivingLlandudno 1.30p.m. Arriving Liverpoal 7 p.m. RETURN TICKETS ,t VAIL/S.I3LE FOR WHOLE OF ABOVE PERIOD. ‘,. EVERY SUNDAY until end of SEPTEMBER, aies.ving during April a:, 11 s.m. for Llandudno and back as ve. On and after May sth, leaving, at 10.45 a.m. for 14andudno and Menai Straits, arriving back about 7.30 p.m. FARES. Ist Class 2nd Class. Single Return Single 17.0 turn Liverpool and Llandudno 38. 48. 6d. 2s. 3s. Liverpool and Menai Straits 48. ss. 6d. 28.6 d. 4s. Beason Tickets available EVERY SUNDAY, Thirty Shillings. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS, TEAS, &a., of Best Quality at Moderate Charges. For further particulars apply to W. H. DODD, Snowdon Passenger S.S. Co., Limited, 31, Tower Buildings, Liverpool EMIGRATION To ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, theuld take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at 4-r-p THE E.AXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENT AD:E LAI DE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. A.MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL NEW ORM. and PHILADELPHIA, every WED- f_uvaDAY. •

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING.I THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND kjLOTHING DEPOT, 8 s, 101 HORSEMARKET STREET. -WARRINGTON. EIAVE NOW READY for the inspection of their numerous Customers, a larger collection than ever of NEW SPRING G- 00I)S. NOTWITHSTANDING THE GREAT ADVANCE IN PRICE OF WOOL (FULLY 10 PER CENT.) 11/4 TIM M.C.D. HAVE BEEN ABLE TO PLACE LARGE CONTRACT ORDERS AT OLD PRICES. i This advantage being offered to all purchasers, A SAVING OF 10 PER CENT May be effected by entrusting orders for CLOTHING, EARLY with the M.O.D. TILE will forward, on receipt of Post Card, their LATEST PATTERN BOOK, CONTAINING OVER 400 NEW SAMPLES FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. °NR OF THEIR ASSISTANTS WILL ALSO ATTEND FOR THE PURPOSE OF MNASURING AND TO TAKE ORDERS FOR ANY CLASS OF GARMENT REQUIRED. ALL CLOTHES ARE THOROUGHLY SHRUNK GARMENTS WELI, MADE AND TRIMMED PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE, GOODS MADE TO ORDER At the following prices, CANNOT_BE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTER OR LIVERPOOL.

PURIFY YOUR BLOOD By taking Hood's Sarsaparilla. This grand medicine wins it way into the confidence ard friendship of the people by the good it is constantly aoing. It demon- strates its peculiar merit in the scrofulous and impure blood made rich and pure. in th 3 relief it gives from the itching and bnrning of salt rheum, in the satisfac- tion at meals experienced by the former dyspeptic, in the happiness of those cured of malaria and catarrh, in the buoyancy of spirits and the good appetite enjoyed by those recently weak, tired and run down. It is by such results as these that • HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA HOOD'S makes its hosts of friends and does its own'most effec- tive advertising. You certainly eught to give it a trial this season. It removes every trace of impurity hem the blood, creates a good appetite, and makes the weak strong. HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA HO9D'S SARSAPARILLA HOOD'S "Very willingly do I offer my testimony to the wonderful effect Hood's Sarsaparilla has upon the disease known as salt rheum. My wife was attacked with this malady on the lower parts of her legs. We tried a good many remedies, but still it spread more and more, the itching being intense. My wife com- menced tgking Hood's Sarsaparilla as directed and soon a change for the batter was manifest. She has taken three bottles, and I believe she will soon be cured." REP. A. B. Cle.WmtoN Sutton, Bt. James, Lincolnshire. HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Is sold by chemists. Price 2s. 9d., and 4s. 61. Or can bd obtained by post of C. I. Hood tic Co., 34, Snow Hill, London. 8.0

;fflic,ltUantous.

GEORGB JACKSON. PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

LAMES very pretty Solid Gold Payments taken. NECKLBT. just out this week. neat pattern, well worth 355.. out price is only 17s. 6D.

FORFEITED this week a very good Singer's BBWIN6 MACHINE, cost when new 7 Payments taken. guineas; a grand opportunity for anyone desirous of a sound and cheap machive, will guarantee it to be in good condition; genuine bargain 2s. for

CALL and inspect new patterns of OILCLOTH for 1896, all the one Payments taken. price, for 70. a yard.

PLIINDID WALNUT OVER- i. nearly new, Canopy Payments taken. Top, Brackets for ornaments, etc. Size 46 by 42; best British Plate Glass with Bevelled edges; cheapest 355. glass in town, for AVERY good Axminster Parlour Payments taken. RUG ; splendid pattern; 8 11D. reduced from 10s. 6 to

I UST forfeited this week Lady's V Handsome Gold GHNISITA WATCH, warranted 18ct. gold cases, Payments taken. including dome, jewelled in 4 pairs, extra timed and adjusted and is a perfect, little watch, well worth E 3 i Los. double, out price is only

JUST out, Handsome Walnut COAL VASE, strongly made Payments taken. and ornamental with solid embossed btass work. This is a really reliable 17s. 6n article for

HOPS. with recipe to make 9 gallons of good ale is. 9d. free.—Waux, 40 Oibbon-road. S,H. MINCH and HABIMBR SHAFTS for all trades; samples and prices free.—AeTorf. 5 York-st., Otley. Yorkshire. x URBTWOhK PATTERNS.-35.-worth good assorted pat- .': terns sent for 1 s.,post free ; a bargain--W.D., 8 UNION- ST., Plymouth. x-

ADIES' HAIR COMBINGS made up at the low eat rates -LI in England. 10d. per doz.-41, Pirroit, 61, Migh-street. Asofordy.Kent.

66( DELL" Typewriters, prints direct from type. price 305.. each delivered; cash with order.—Apply to Jonas. Caron House, Tregaron.

RACE aud Field GLASSES. 20 mile range, new, cost 3 guineas. accept 16s. 6d.; rare bargain.-ILES. Crab- tr. e Vila. HAddenhArd, Bucks.

FMMS, ESTATES, RESIDENCES; Rents from 51. acre, prices from £6 acre, Rutter's Monthly, List post free 'cd. 5, Newbridge ;A., London.

LIARDSIT NETTING.-100 square yards, 2s. 6d., carriag-i is. ;Cricket or Tennis net. 7s. tia., carriage ,L. troaTHEY, Auctioneer. Plymouth.

CHEYS A.NTHISM UMS.—Last offer, 24 struck plants, 2s. 6d. free ; whiners highest prizes ever offered.— DaovEßs. f lorists, Fareham. (2 BILGE JACKETS, 4s. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 68.6 d.; 0 rrinted Mole Trousers, look like cloth, Da. 6d.—ELAGuz AND Co., Limited, 65. Byrom-street. Liverpool.

FOR SALE, 5 ROLTSM,Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground reut.—Apply J. LoNGLAND, Solicitor, Union-at., Warrington. ON SAL% MANURB WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. ilossixo, 16, Fenwies-street, Liverpool.

MILLIONS of FOREIGN STAMPS.-100 mixed from Europe, Australia, Africa, Asia, post free 2d.; five price lists gratis.—MOBRISON, Fhllabeliat, Teuby.

50,000 PpAa r" PhLAotoCgliraptUßaTnitllss'al,piferr of 2si 9ds. free.—Wst. COTTON, Weekday Cross, hottingham.

LINGRAVING on Gold, bilver, Ivory, &e., name or initials 14 6d., with address Is. Brass pates for all purposes.— COWEN, 50, bir Thomas-st., Whiteeliapel, Liverpool.

PHONOGRAPH Manfacturing Co. for machines. records, blanks, lou4 automatic speakers, recorders, weybars etc. ; few cheap phonograpbs.-16,11A8T lio.s.D,London L 2E'

- DlLBS.—Boddy's Patent Ointment cures all outward Piles in two or three slays • post free, with testimonials, is. 2d.; only one trial solicited.—W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorke.

IDASTERN ASTROLOGY.—Marriage, Business, Prospects, and Partner described, with position, correct, birth- time, sex ;13 stamps. Prof. BLAICEMORE. Swinton, Rother- ham.

UCREIGN STAXPS, 50 different. no European, 6d., la- -12 eluding Entire Columbus Envelope, tiersia, Cuba, hirmoor (elephant).—TATLoll. 379. York-road, Wands- worth.

221 STOKESLEY SHOW, for the best Six Potatoes, grown with the /IC }MANDY PATENT SLAG MANURE.—NORMANBY IRONWORKS CO., LIMITED, Middles- borough,

MS —l2 strong well-rooted cuttings kj from grand collection of choicest ex.kibition varieties, Is. 6d. ; 24. each different, 2s. 6d. free.-NUROVX, Berrow, Somerset.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's Patterns for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good value,-11.sciuic AND Co., Limited, .5, Byrom-at. Liverpool.

112A1tTHRNWARB and CHlNA.—Seconds. £2 crates; 121 best. ;or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton. Staffordshire.

ESTABLISHED 1875—As8orted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China. 50s. and upwards. rices on appli- cnatoi.— W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st Longton. Staffordshire.

-- TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-prod t SAFE MAKER, has ON tP SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry. Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —W. Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester. RACTICAL ELECTRICAL BELL Installations.—Com- plete practical instructions for fitting all electrical bell work, contained in catalogue, 15,000 prices, 800 illustrations, 9,I.—PHILLIPS. Guildford Electrical Works, Guildford. x

fIIRMINGHAM GOODS.—Wat.hes, Clocks, Jewellery. Plate. Cutlery. Guns, Bronzes. Musictl Boxes, Sport Prizes, safes, Cycles, Materials, Tools, General Goods. Wholesale lists free.—F. H. POWELL, 48. Bdgbaston-street. Birmingham.

QENUINE Bargain. Solid Silver Lever WATCH, engine turned case, crystal law, excellent timekeeper, war- ranted 5 years, cost E. 3 35.; will accept 255.; n..oney returned if not approved.—TAmoa, 9 Whiteway, Cirencester. Lout miss this bargain.

rpHIS OFFER BEATS THE RECORD.—A music roll and 30s. worth ot good music for is. 3.1. free. No cheap rubbish. State whether Gents songs, Ladies songs, or Piano pieces are required.—CiTx Music STORES, 63, Finsbury Pavement. London, C. E. QPORT.—Noise'ess Rabbit Rifles, 98.; Boys' Own Guns, LI 2s. 3d.; American Pocket Catapults is. 3d.; Decoy Wood Pigeons, 3s. 6d.; Calls, Is. 6d. ; Salmon Roe, most deadly salmon and trout bait, is. 6d. box; shooting, fishing and sporting requisites; list Id.; carriage paid.—JOHN EGGLESTON, Naturalist, Sunderland. THE MOST PERFECT TREATMENT IN THE WORLD. RUPTURE Specially Treated by the World- renowned BROOKES' TREATMENT. without Pain, Danger, Operation, or Detention from Business. Immediate relief. One visit only necessary. Large bo,k, giving full details, sent free from Mr. AUSTIN BROOKES, Hernia Specialist, 17, Southampton-street, High Holborn, London ; also at Portland Crescent,Leeds; and Newcastle-on-Tyne. x

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulart, (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms cf Irregularitiel. no matter bow caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper,

ABABGAIN. Wash Leather, the test of ages. Don't use worthless substitutes. Send postal order or stamps, for one Large Chamois Leather and one panel cleaner "The Sponge Eclipsed." Is. lid. or wash leather and cash bag 3-fold, Is. 444., or the lot Is. 7id. P.sst free in Great Britain. Why be without a finished leather fit for jewelle-y, plate, carriage or window? Show your friends. Dezen or half dozen*. -Parcels Post.—JONES, jun., Beeston Road, Lenton, Nottingham.

gitoreUantoo.

HOW to prevent all kinds of COLOURED ARTICLES running in the wash. Post free 5 stamps.—LAUNDRESS 8., 19, Wormgate, Boston, Lincolnshire.

TO CLBBOYMEN ONLY.—Any clergyman who is going 1 to have a bazaar may receive help by applying to BENT- RILL and HAYBROOK, Broseley. Shropshire.

'VCR SALE immedietely, two KINETOSCOPHS, 9 films, 12 12 batteries, printing matter, etc., £3), cheap.—KNow- LIND, 20, Chancery-LINE, Ardwick, Manchester.

2000 GARDEN PALINGS, 2i in. by 1 in. by 4ft. 6in.; will be pointed at one end; price 9s. per 100.— IL. A. DYSON, 76, Grafton-street, S. Liverpool.

FISH all the year round. Packages 25., 28. 6d. upwards Orders carriage paid and cleaned for cooking.—Address In full, MANAGER, btar Fish Supply Co., Fish Docks, Grimsby.

U PIECBS Velvet, Satin, Silk. 3 inches square, is. V 100 Crazy Pieces is. ; 10 different useful articles, left from Bazaar, 4s. 6d.; list,—LouisE. 204, High-road, Lee, Kent. x

QUEB CURE" will remove Eczema, Ringworm, 10 Sycosis (Barber's Itch), Scurvey, Piles, Chilblains, or any SKIN TROUBLE ; post free 2s. 93. J. CouPLAND, Withington, Manchester.

MICR 4 STAMPS we send one pair Polling Scissors and one Patent Penknife. both Sheffield steel guaranteed. Useful present together with Amusing Novelty Catalogue.— VARIETY Co., Dalston, London. 9100THACIIE, instantly cured by Hillman's" DENTILLA " _L (pro Patent), prevents sleepless nights and useftil teeth being extracted, harmless, never fails ; bottles, is. lid. free HILLMAN, Beach-road, Weston-Super-Mare.

HOMB SEWING.—PIain, simple work, per parcels post; RI weezly easily earned; persons required everywhere, patterns and instruction book 6 stamps ; many Advertisements mislead, this is genuine.—WlLßY, Saviletown. Dewsbury. x T ADIES seeking a REAL REMEDY should try BOYLE'S -L-4 TONIC MIXTURE. It is a perfect system of genuine treatment and never tails. Senu stamped and addryssed envelope for partioulars to G. BOYLE, 43, Brook Green, London, W.

ALEX. ROSS' HAIR DESTROYHR removes superfluous hair from the face, arms and hands. It gives no injury. The cost is 48 stamps and can be had of all chemists.-62, THEOBALD'S-ROAD, Holborn, London. Letters replied to when stamped envelopes are sent. x

RON CHURCH, to seat 200, £110; 300, £l3O 500, £200; Mission Hall 50 yards by 20, £105: isolation hospitals, ready to contain 6. 12, or 20 beds ; billiard rooms, pavilions, ttc., cheapest house in tilts trade for any description iron buildings. HAWKINS, Ashford, Middlesex.

(Ll FISHBHMIiN A CHANCE I—FISH fresh from the Sea...Blbs. 25., 111b8. 2s. 61.. 141bs. 35., pre- pared for use, calriage paid by rail, cash with order.—THE EISHERMAN'S SYNDICATE, Grimsby.

-VIRE I FIRE I! FIREII! Geninue SALE of extensive 12 stock of Pianos, Organs, ecc., previous to re-building of premises owing to the recent fire ; easiest terms arranged to effect a clearance .—PerNE, 103, Approach-road, Cambridge Heath.

150,000 SOLD, lAncasters celebrated photo- graphic Cameras, Ac., for Amateurs or Professionals. MANCHESTER AdENCir is at 71, Oxford-street, (All Saints'). Lists free. Second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

LBASBHOLDBRS, Reversioners. Life Tenants. J.. Leaseholds made equal to Freeholds. Mortgages effected. Horse Cattle, and Vehicle Insurance —THE LEASEHOLD AND REVERSIONARY INTEREST SOCIETY, MORTGAGE AND INSUR- ANCE BROKERS, 20. Cheapside, London. B.C.

WHY BUY gLECTRIC BELLS WHEN ODDY'S Patent (continuous ringing) BELL 6s. 6d., is ckeaper and more effective; hundreds in use ; can be fixed in five minutes, never out of order ; sent carriage free, 6s. 6d.—F. ROBERTS, 43, Finsbury Circus, London. x

MO LADIES.— Female irregularities and obstructions 1 quickly and surely corrected in a few hours by anew and simple method, which I will send free on receipt of stamped envelope.-51r. C. S. MARTYN, 20, Bishopsgate, Without, London. X

Tl 4 OR PILBS, inward, outward, or bleeding, take Sped- 1. ding's Baselib and be cured, as hundreds before. Sold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor—SPEDDlNG, Bone Setter, Batley. is. a box ; post free is. 2d. Whole- sale Agents : GOODHALL, BACKHOUSE & Co., Leeds.

FISH, FISH, FISH.—For 10s, we forward 10 stone kit of Cod. Ling. Haddock, Rock Salmon, etc. Fresh Her- rings 2s. 3d. per 100 ; Kippers and Bloaters is. 6d. a box Or for P.O. 2/3 or 3s. 6d. we torwaid a bass of finest selected Fish. Carriage paid.—Great Britain Fish and Oyster Supply Co., Grimsby Docks.

TRUSSES FOR WORKING. PdBN. STRON G and durable, Single 35., double 4s, 6d. Post free to any address on receipt of correct measurement. All sizes and description in stuck.—F. WHITE Limited, Truss and Surgical Appliance maker, 1571 Commercial-road, London, E. x

1 S.. For is. we supply car-paid our marvellous value POCKEr 01.4TFIT, consisting of self-Inkifig Rubber Stamp of your full name, a handsome Silvered propelling Penholder, and an Ries:mut screw action Pencil Case. Agents wanted. UPPING-Tax MANUFACTURING COMPANY, Wine Office Court, London.

rtHINA and EARTHEN WARE.—Buyers are strongly ad- vised to send for prze lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything sent as sample. Buy direct from the Pot- teri es.—S. EBB and Co., Lon gton.S taffordshi re Potteries. x

DROTECT YOUR GARDENS.—Garden netting supplied by H. J. Gasson, at 35 square yards for Is. Is oiled and dressed, will not sot if left out in all weathers. Send any width; cirriage paid on all orders over ss. Commoner netting at 50 square yards for is. Hundreas of testimonials. —Henry J. aASSON, Fishing Fleet, Rye.

\IL AND GREASE. -G. J. STEPHENSON and Co., Oil kJ and Grease Works, Hull. Lard Oil, Whale Oil, Eal Oil. Raw Linseel Oil, Boiled Linseed Oil, Refined Cotton Oil, Refined Colza Oil, Best Pine Oil, Best Castor Oil, Finest Sperm Oil, Beat tiallip ii Oil, Fine Olive OA, Black Varnish, Tallow, Ac. Best house in England. Carriage paid all over the United Kingdom.

DUAUTIFUL hair gives healthy and graceful appearance. The Ponsopby Hair Wash used 30 years by royalty and professionals, ss. 63.. now reduccd to 3s. 9d. post free. nothing in the world to equal. Promotes growth, prevents falling off. Restores natural youth and colour. Worth its weight in gold. Stamps or P.O.—PONEIONBY, Z 5, Lime-st.. Liverpool.

pOTATOBS for Seed —Myatt's early, Ashleaf kidneys, or Colossal, is. peck (141bs), 6s. 6d. Cwt. ; early Puritan, Is. peck, Is. cwt. ; Up-to-date Saxonias or Snowdrops, is. 3d. peck, Bs. cwt. ; Readiog Giants, or Sutton's Abundance, is. peck, 6s. cwt. ; lmperator 104. peck, ss. 64. cwt. ; Bruce 9d. peck, ss. cwt. ; Magnum Bonuin, Bd. peck, 4s. cwt. Sent by rail on receipt of CABh.—KENNELLY, Smithfield Market, Birmingham. Special terms farmers and seedsmen"

AN HONEST MEDICINE. DR. DAVIS'S i-NIMOUS] PILLS FOR FEMALES. The Most Effectual on Earth. Nothing c‘at resist them. 95d., Is. lid.. 23. 9d.. 4s 6d., sent free from observation by ar. DAVIS 309, Portobello Road. London, W.; or order of any chemiat. Mr. Divia's little book for MARRIED WOMEN, most invaluable, sent free on receipt of a stamped addressed envelope.

NO MORE ECZEMA. GWYNNE AND CO.'S. EPIDERMICA. The Marvellous Cure for, all Skin!Complaints. TRY IT TRY IT! TRY IT! 2s. 9d. and 48. 6d. a bottle; by post,3B. 2d. and ss. Works I The Mart. fitation-roal, Brixton, London, S.W. x

_ SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore Eves, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cued when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for 13 stamps, from HULDIWYD'S DRUG STORRS, Cleck. heaton. Yorks.

ON SALE. LARGE QUANTITIES OF SPRITTINU BOXES. Apply JOSEPH MATTHEWS, Fairfield Saw Mills, Manchester-road. Warrington.

T ADIES.—A Message for You! ! ! In all cases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long standing, try the MIRACULOUS and never-failing Remedy, known all over the world as DASMAIL'S SPECI- FIC. Thousawis of testimonials testifying to the Wonderful Cases that have been re,ieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICI E. A Lady weites Your Medicine is truly wonderful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies of testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upOn'reeeipt of stamped envelope to A. DASMAIL,376, Langdale, Walthamstow. listablished nearly 50 years. x

liEtOteliantaus.

SINGERE SEWING MACHINE, very latest pattern on stand, with dome cover, equal to new, guaranteed right in every respect, all the tools complete, cost late owner £B, receipt to show; my price only £4 15s.—MELLon, pawnbroker, 210, Park•road, Liverpool. Telephone No. 9925,

GUNS. GUN S.—Two double breechloading Guns on Sale; high-class make, 12 bore, left barrel choked,rebounding locks, good walnut stocks, best twist barrels ; wonderful value; only £3 ss.and £3 15s. ; marvellous vaIue.—MELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool. Teleohone No. 9925.

LADY'S SAFETY, 1896 model, high-class make and finish. equal to new, cost late owner £l6 10s., best clincher, non-slipping tyres, balls all over, good saddle, lamp, bell. pump, and tools, very best electro-plated parts, gear case and silk dress-guard ;my price only £lO 10,3. cash.—MELLOR, pawnbroker, £2lO. Park-road, Liverpool, Telephone No. 9925.

BnOXBS, Barrels, old timber, firewood, M.. Wanted.— GRANT, Wholesale Furniture Works, Lythgoes-lane, Warrington. (Firewood Department).

HAIR CURLING FLUID, valuable recipe for 7 stamps; also splendid hair restorative recipe, 7 stamps.— CARTER, 10, Fraser-mount, Burnaantofts, Leeds.

BOW to make polishing paste, bhcking, dubbin, starch glaze, hair dye, flypapers, washing cream. Lot is. —HARKER, Sackville-st., Ravensthorpe, Yorkshire.

vASTERN ASTRO! OGY.—Marriage, Business Prospects. Partner Described ; removals, birth-time, sex; 13 stamps.—PROFEBSOR BLAKEMORE, Swinton. Rotherham. rpo BB LEASED for BUILDING PURPOSES, a PLOT o 1 LAND situated in a good position in Stockton Heath f low ground rent.—Apply J. BOSTOCK, estate agont. Bank; street, Warrington, IN SALE, cheap, second-hand boards, scantlings, for fenc- kJ ing, shedding, &c. New timber of all kinds at lowest rates. Firewood, AC—GRANT, Wholesale Furniture,Packing- case, Box Manufacturer, Lythgoes-lane, Warrington

JOUR CHARACTER, told from HANDWHITING.—AII 1 that is necessary Is to write a short letter on unruled paper, enclosing six penny stamps joined together, to IdoNs, "[he Graphologtst." 41, St. Andrew's Hill, London.

Co be Let.

DERCY-STREET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re 1. decorated ss. CATHERINE-ST., re-decoratei houses, 4s. 3. WELLFIELD-ST., re-decorated Houses, ss. 6d. STOCKTON HEATH, Good Houses, 4s. HOYLE-ST., re-decorated Mouses, 4s. PENKETH, good six-rooxnecl Houses, ss. 6d. PENKETH. Cottages f.om 2s. Bd. to ss. BANK - STREET, Warrington OFFICES, from P-5, Room. -EIAGLE AND CHILD YARD.—JOINERS' WORKSHOP. 124 and YARD, £25. pply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent. Itiarket Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

QROCER'S SHOP TO LET, at Yarmouth. Isle of Wight. For particulars apply to H. DOWTY, Freshwater, Isle of Wight. x

QTABLES and COACH HOUSE TO LET. Excellent accommodation.—Apply to GEN. SEC. Y.M.C,A., Friars' Green. Moderate rental.

TO LET.—Good COTTAGES off Lovely Lane, rent 4s.— Apply AanToN and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-St,, Warrington.

TO BE LET room with or without power, WORKSHOPS. JL storage, stabling, land. &e.. in lots to suit tenants.— ORINVIS Wholesale Furniture Works, Lythgoes-lane,Warring- on,

rpo ARTISTS.- Small Painter's Studio, splendid light, 1_ large bed-sitting room, furnished; use of bathroom, photogrAnhic dark room and cycle accomodation. LAND LORD. 16. Wharfdale St.. London. S.W.

&torito, 33u5into5to, err.

THE BOULEVARD CIGAR DIVAN and TOILET SALON, 1 197. NORTH HILL-STREET, Liverpool; first-chic connec- tion and doings steady trade; fixtures, goodwill, and stock at cost price; leaving town.

LIVANS ROBINSON and CO, Auctioneers, Valuers. Estate and Mortgage Brokers, Partnership and Business Agents, 11. South John-street, Liverpool, Undertake Sales by Auction, and Valuations of Property on very moderate terms. They have a large number of Pronerties on Sale suitable for private investment or speculators, at remarkably low prices. Also many lots of Building Land. Mortgages to any amount ht a moderate rate of interest upon Freehold or Leasehold Properties, with or without chief rent. Businesses of all kinds bought or sold at very low charges. Partnerships arranged on equitable terms.

CRAIG AND EVANS, BUSINESS. Transfer. Agents 70, Victoria-street.'Liverpool, having the follow- ing Business on their books tor quick disposal. No charge to purchas?r. Furnishing Ironmongery Business, Southport Central. Average weekly takings £22. Splendid House. Oldstablishtd. Price 1, Iv. Grocery and Provision Business in Liverpool. Central posi- tion, Rent very moderate. Good living for married couple, Lowest price £4O. Enclose stamp for reply. Several other genuine businesses on hand.

etturatton.

UDUCATION, at Uxbridge Grammar School. Healthy home from lime. Commercial. Educational. t.nd Classical Departments.

TRINITY COLLEGE, HA.RROGATE.—HEADMAST Eli: Mr. J. P. HUGHES. The College built for scholastc purposes is repleta with modern applianzes ; gymnasium, swimming bath, cricket and forAball fields. Thorough train- ing for Professional and Mercantile purposes. Special atten- tion to backward and delicate boys. Good Table. Terms moderate. Next Term begins May 4th, 1896. ,

W ARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM will begin on THURSDAY, APRIL 23RD. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

MALVERN LINK SCItOOL, SMAL,L HOME SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas yearly. Healthiest place in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the special care ot Principal's wife, who is very successful in their training. There having been no medical visit durina tiae last ten vears,—AddressDr. A usDr.

filarbinerp, &t., on Awe. FOR SALE. cheap, must clear to make room for the machinery. a horizontal Loring MACHINE!, bore up to 401 n. by 48. 8 11. P. liorizontA steam Engine, gold as new, with or without boiler. Small planing machine.— GLicirLE. Itogineer. St. Albans.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod 0 Grierbon, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright. and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue 01 wheel and pulley patterns on appli- eation.—Telephone 229.

100 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers. Engines. Steam Hammers, fic-, now ready. Apply. SCOTT BROS., Halifax. Patent Duplex High Speed Gas Engines, effect saying of from 15 to 25 per cent. gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant.

PRICK MACHINERY READY FOR DELIVERY, ii " LITTL I.; WONDER" Wire cut Brick Machine, Capacity 30,003 per day. No. 1 machine, capacity 10,000 " Invincible" Brick making and pressing machines. Patent Steam Brick Presses, Grinding Mills with 9 0 "perforated Pans. Mortar &tills. Clay Waggons. Wheeling of Barrows, Eddingtons' Sand Faced Brick Making Machines and other plant of the brat and most modern construction. Prices and particulars from JAMES Duct:wax and SON, Caledonia Foundry, Liverk.ool.

• PATEN T OF PION MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GBORGH DAVIES, C. 8., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have In Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

Argo, Vouitrp, szr.

PURE LANGSHAN EGGS, Croad's strain, 2s. 6d. for 13. Mr. DASHWOOD, Wansford, Northamptonshire.

DUBE White-face }Balk Spanish and Dark Brahma EG GS ; 4s. dozen.—Thomis Taoarmax, Slater-lane, Leyland, near Preston.

SITT INGS, Prize Birds, Andalusians, constant layers. 4s. 6d.; unfertiles replaced.—LEl4-011-SOLENT Poultry Farm, Gosport.

VGGS, Golden and Silver Wya otts 3s. doz. White Lei- Li horn, 2s. 6d. Selected La) e s.— GEORGE WHITFIELD, Bow Green, Bowdon. 1.20 GS (prize strains), Plymouth Rocks Orpington's Silver 12/ Wyandott and Minorcas,2 6d per dozen.—J. G. POWNALL, Great Sankey.

EGGS .—Plymouth Rocks ; prize strain, unrelated cockerell grass run ; 53 per 13 eggs.—Tnom.ss WILLIAMS, Moss. Whikhurch, Salop.

A NCONAS.—EGGS.—kneona sittings. 55.; grand layers, 11._ enormous eggs, handsome birds; unfertiles replaced.— POULTRY FARM, Lee, Gosport.

SILVER Wyandotte Eggs and Chicks now ready, from our well-known strains of gold +and silytr wyandottes.— CAMBRIDGE Poultry Farm.

SILVER AND GOLDEN WYANDOTTES, White Leghorns, Black Minorcas, Langshans, Andalusian.—Miss WENT- WORTH, Avebury, Caine, Wilts.

GOLDEN WYANDOTTE EGGS for sitting, from splendid m laying strain, 31. 6d. dozen.—Miss /!cikuniENT, Heigh- lington, Darlington.

OUP Prize-bred BLACK MINORCAS. Sittings on Sale or U Order ; 43. 6d. ; unfertile replaced if returned.—W. PATTISON, Orchard House, Shrewsbury.

PHEASANTS' EGGS; orders now booked. price list with highest testimonials fre,i on application.—COWLEY BROS., Mawdesley, Ormskirk, Lancashire.

CRICKENS.—Leghorn, Minorca, and Orpington Chicks, 9d. each: Crossbreds, 6d. each; Ducklings; Eggs for Setting.—PluE, Mulberry-road, Rock Ferry.

SILVER WYANDOTTE EGGS, 33. 6d. dozen, carriage paid; hens Abbott's Strain, mated with cockerel whiner fo two firsts.—lssac TODD, Armathwaite, Carlisle. BLACK MINORCA EGGS. 3s. 6d. a dozen; birds on fres run ; Pitts and Webster's strains ; unfertiles replaced if returned. JAMES TODD, Armathwaite, Carlisle.

WHITE LEGHORN EGGS.—Selected layers, Cocks from Butterfield's, best pen for Pullet breeding, 2s. 6d. thirteen.—PuGH, Clayton-le-Moors, Accrington. VGGS.—Lemon crested lavender Polands ; magnificent. A birds; spleadid layers yen certain winners. 55. per 13 ; unfertiles replaced.—H. DEWY. Barnwoed, Gloucester. x 1) ELIABLE EGGS from sound buff Orpingtons buff Wyan- dottes, ss. sitting ; Black single and rosecomb Orping- ton,. 35.; unfertiles replaced.—WoounALL, Ashby, Man- chester.

riGGS.—BLACK HAMBURGHS, from a prize strain, Ii 3s. 6d., 13. carriage paid ; unfertiles, replaced. Mention this paper.—WHITFIELD STEPHENSON, Lower Cumberworth, Huddersfield. BLACK -MINORCA EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters, Noted Layers and Prize Strain, also splendid Orpingtons only 28. 6d. dozen, packed.--JOSEPII Eamon', 304, Earle-street, Earle.town.

I3HOWN Leghorn EGGS, from healthy fine birds, prize strain, wonderful layers all the winter. Reduce," to 2s. 6d. d,,z,n. Incubators supplied.—F. FIRKINS, Leigh, Worcester.

BUFF WYANDOTTE BGGS.—Wharton's, Furness', 49.6 d. sitting; White Wyandottes, Lay,:ock, Tanzate's, Anthony's, 35.; Brown Leghorns, very fertile.—Wooh, Market Hill, Sudbury.

ORPINGTON EGGS, from selected birds, hatched from Cook's guinea eggs ; eggs. 3s. 6d. doz. Wyandotte Silver Eggs, from Ee!ected birds. Heaths' strain; 3s. 6d. doz. Grimsargh. Preston.

EGGS—FOR SALE EGGS from my Prize-bred Goiden • Wyandottes, White Wyandott 38. and Redcaps, 4s. per doz. All unfertile Eggs replaced.—Apply to CHARLES H. WRIGHT, Tillington Hall. Stafford.

J3LACK-RED Game Bantams. prize strain. My birds have won five firsts, seven seconds, thirteen thirds, three fourths, ix reserves, twenty-four v.h.c., twenty-one he., five C.; eggs 3s. per sitting.—RlMEß, Madeley, Staffordshire.

I'3- - LACK Minorca, Eggs for s%le, from Cook's, Messrs. Hol- gate and Nor cliffe's champion prize strains, splendid birds, inspection invited. unfertiles rep;aced, 3s. 6d. per dozen.—GORNALL, farmer, Wyke, near Bradford, Yorks. x

D R, WHITFIELD'S High-class BLACK MINORCAS ; I. Pen includes Ist Derby, 2nd- Ilkeston, 2nd Mid- England. 3rd Cheltenham, and own sister t) Ist and Cup, Palace. EGGS, 7s. 6d. per sitting.—Elford, Tarnworth.

p_- ORE High Class Poultry EGGS; last reduction, 2s. 6d. dozen; brown, buff and white legherns, black and silver spangled hamburghs, black minorcas. single comb Orpingtons, light Bra' ma, pile game bantams; unlimited grass.—Kuto, Chapham Station, Lancaster. VGGS from good laying strains of white rise combed Orp- ingtons. Houdans, White Minorcas, Gold Spangled. Gold Pencilled, or Black Namburghs, also beautifully laced silver I•.=ebright Bantams, 3s. sitting; unfertiles replaced - GEORGE Asucßorr, Claughton-st., Sutton Common, Kidder- minster.

EGGS barred Plymouth rocics, No. 1 pens, '94 cock, winner several prizes, and sire of first and special Gloucester, and cockerel full brother to Butterfield's '95 Palace cup and first Dairy winners, hens and pullets Abbot's champion cup and medal strain direct, ss. per 13; others, 3s. per 13; un- fertile replaced.—MßS. BARUGH, Charleston, Bridlington. PRIZR HAMBURGS.—W. Glossop, Vice President Ham- burgh Club and Member Poultry Club, having finished setting, will supply fresh eggs from all his prize stock at ss. per dozen, each variety, gold and silver spangled or pencilled, and black.—HAmmtnen Poultry Yard, Amber- gate, Derby.

INDIAN GAME EGGS from very heavy beautifully laced , birds, cock 10Ibs., hen 7 to Bibs. 4s. dozen ; unfertile re- placed. Indian Game Dorking EGGS, first cross, chickens hatch strong and are fast growing. 2s. 6d. dozen. White Rock EGGS, birds direct from Constable's Crystal Palace winners, 4s. dozen ; unlertile replaced. (Mention this paper).—JAMES THORNE. AShWell, Herts.

12GGS FOR HATCIIING.—Rev. ARTHUR STANDIDGE, Bradfield Rectory, heading, can supply ratings from his celebrated prize strains, golden Wyanriottes, 4s. 6d.; silvers, 48.; buff. 58.; S.C.B. Orpingtons, 48. 6,1.; buff leg- horns, 59.; duckwings. 55.; whites, 48.; Indian runner ducks, 45.; all carriage p.id ; unfertiles replacei ; immediate dcs- patch ; nearly every egg hatching,

T4IGGS from winners.. Final reduction, Orpiugtons. Lang- shans, Rocks, Minorcie, White Leghorns. Gold and Silver W 5 andottecand aolden Pencilei Hamburghs, 35.; best Orpingtons, Redcaps, Houdans and Buff Leghorns, 45.; Buff Rocks, 4s. ed ; Houctin MinorcA, hood= Orpingtons and Houdan Leghorn, 2s. 6d.—IROAIAS MARSDEN, Brookhouse Poultry Farm, London-road, Blackburn. JOHN EDMUNDSON, Crank Poultry Yard (Established V 1890), thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his bitds to produce good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. Customers will confer a favour by I, soecting his Stock before buying Eggs elsewhere. Plymouth Rocks, Black Minorcas, Langshans. Houdans, Dark Brahmas, Anda- lusians, Old English Game (Black Red), Brown Leghorns, White Leghorns. Golden Pencilled Won b urgs Buff Cochins, Buff Leghorns, 3s. 6d. per Sitting 01 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, wyandottes. Black Minoreas, Single-combed Orpingtons, Light Brahmas. Partridge Cochins and Indian Game, 45. per sitting. All unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carriage paid. Yard open on hoddays. Inspection invited. (No Sunday business).

EGGS from carefully selected Pure Thoroughbred Fowls. BLACK RED GAME and per dczen. GOLDEN PENCILLED HAMBURGHS. 6s. Types of beauty BROWN LEGHORNS anti SILVER WYANDOTTE% ss. Handsome Birds. WHITE LEGHORN% MINORCA% BLACK ORPINGIONS, 45. Excellent. layers. GOLDEN WYANDOTTB, SILVER DORKING, ORPINGTON AND PLYMOUTLI ROCK, with B.R. Game Cock 3s. CROSSBREEDS with S.L. WYANDOTTE or B.R.C. ORPINGTON COCK, 2s. 6d. Assorted fine large Birds. All packed and Postage Paid or Allowed. Unfertile replaced. JOSEPH BROOME, Pinketh, Warrington.

EOGS FOR SlTTlNG.—lia7ing re-arranged my pens and put them on new grass runs, I now offer eggs from the following breeds of Pure-bred Fowls :—Black Minorcas. Brown Leghorus. White Leghorns, lioudans, Redcaps, Blue Andalusians, Buff Cochins. Light Brahmas, Langshans, Orpingtons, Plymouth Rocks ; all at 3s. per sitting. Also fine crosses for laying and table use (male bird mentioned first) :—White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Redcap—Buff Houdan—lndian Game. Indian Game—Orpington, Black Minocra—Orpinotcn, all at 2s. 6d. per sitting. Also splendid Rouen Ducks, at 4s. per sitting. Grand Aylesburys at 39. 6d. per sitting, wonderful layers. Indian runners at 48. All Eggs safely packed in neat box and sent to any part of the w3rld. Note.—l will reduce all eggs 6d. per sitting to parties who come and insptct my birds and take away their eggs.—HENRY Daspmt, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows (five minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's). No business done on Sundays.

"ATTENTION !" ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, but as you can purchase a RUDGE from £lO Nett. surely it is worth Tour while to ignore the many chesp and nasty apologies or Cycles now on the market. Buy a NUDGE or WHIT- WORTH, and save the endless sums for repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bedsteac tubing always necessitates, not t 3 mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon a rider of a crock. Guarantees from many sgents, and makers are not worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the Cycle Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guarantee of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD By Buying RUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Good Discount for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment System. BUDGE-WHIT WORTH, LIMITED (Budge Cycle Co. Ltd., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVERPeOL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET.

QUADRANT CYCLE COMPANY, LIMITED. SEE OUR NEW PATTERNS AT PRICES TO SUIT ALL. LIST FREE. 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. AND 302. STANLEY-ROAD, BOOTLE. LADIES TAUGHT AT OUR TWO LARGE RIDING SCHOOLS.

SAFETIES 1 Safeties !---Important to Agents, Dealers, and others. Illustrated List of over 1,000 (One Thousand) Machines, New and Second-hand, post free to any address. Don't pay large and fancy prices for your machine. See Warrilow's prices before purchasing. Single Machines at Wholesale Price. Ladies' Safeties a speciality. Cash only. Agents wanted. List Post Free from W. R. WARRILOW. Cycle Manufacturer, Revnt-street, Weston-super-Mare.

HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES.—CaII and inspect my Stock the largest In Liverpool, before buying elsewhere Pric,s to suit all. Gent's Pneumatics, detachable tyresdrom £7 10s. ; Ladies, £8 10s. ; guAranteed for 12 months. Easy payments taken. Repairs executed promptly. Cushion nafeties converted into Detach tble Pneumatics 50s. Note Address —HARDIE. 1. Upper Duke-street, Liverpool—Tele- phone 6944 ; and 90, Argyle-street, Birkenhead—Telephome 33. Sole Agent for the Famous Osmond Cycles. Send tor Lists. Repairs sent, will be promptly attended to.

CARPENTER AND CO. 53, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL THE OLD FIRM. Sole Liverpool and District Agents, for Celebrated ROVERS, PRRMIRISS, NEW RAPIDS, SPARBROOK'S, ROTHWELL'S ALLARD'S X.L., GLOBE AND ROBIN HOOD CYCLES. LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY, Every Machine Guaranteed. Repairs and Sundries.—Low Prices. A few Shop-soiled and Second-hand Machines under cost.

AV. P. & IN. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, WARRINGTON. I Tntending purchasers will do well to inspect our splendid stock 3YCI of Cycles, all new for this season's trade. WE ARE DYC SOLE AGENTS FOR SING R'S CYC WEST'S CY C UMBRIA D PERRY'S, and prices range to suit all classes, EASY PAYMENTS ARRANGED. CYI CYCLE LAMPS, BELLS, and all accessvries at bottom prices. CYCLES CYCLES ! ! CYCLES! ! !

_ . . . THE CYCLE KING. J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Northern Road Record), 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON, ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES. REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Second-hand Machines always in Stock. Three years' Guarantee. LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Buy a Machine Right Out, by paying £3 down they can have a Machine any day during 1896. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY-CHAMBERS, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

A. GLARE, IiNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON, SOLE AGENT FOR THE _UEN ERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING, AND ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES OF MACHINERY, &c., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. RASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK.

PATENTEE AND MAKER OF THE " ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND. AGENT vOR THE " RUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND OTI4RII HIGH-GRADE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE "SPRINT" CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROMPTLY . ATTENDED TO. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOOL- ROAD, WARRINGTON.

ePCI.CS* CLENT'S 1896 model, highest possible grade and finish, make of chain, good plated parts, balls all 0ver.1,..0" handles, clincher tyres, lamp, boll, pump, &c., also MO; months' guarantee; only £lO 153.-3,1E1.1.mi, 210, rark.rarm Toxteth-park, Liverpool, ADY'S SAFETY, very high grade, very best finish make, guaranteed for twelve mon hs, Dunlop W_lnwi tyres, gear case, silk dregs-guard. lamp, beJ,pump,4te..F7„,i, value ; only £ll 10s.—MELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, park' Liverpool. Telephone No. 9925.

GENT'S 1896 SAFETY, very best make and extra Wis finished, guarantees for twelve months, and to carri stone. Dunlop-Welch tyrea, leather mud-guards, good bre° (detachable). felt handles, best make of saddle. highest 10 sible grade, lamp, bell, gooit pump, &c., marvellous value; only £14,105. ; uonestl v worth 18 guineas.—MELLoß, broker, Park-road, Liverpool, Telephone No. 9925. GENT'S SAFETY.—The popular Quinton 1896 Dual Welch tyres, high-gnece, light, and thoroughly "la finished roadster, good plated parts, d• op handles. balls , over, lamp, bell, pump, and mud-guards, &c., also staluPr, guarantee, wondertul value, for cash only Rl2. MVO" pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth-park, Liverpool. a' PNEUMATIC SAFETY, 281b5.. good roadster; bargei £4 108.-148, IRVING-ST , Birmingham. __—••••• fIYCLES. Fittings and Sundries supplied by TURNER BB__,°flii Byram Arcade, Huodersfield.—Write for lists, it w' 1 pay you.

27 7s. pHaltGteHrn-sCLaAsSn.SewPNVowEsMLATIQSAITaYerIe .99, Du h Birmingham.

FOE SALE. splendid Pneumatic BICYCLE, new, £9; Lady's Pneumatic Bicycle. new, £9 10s. ; worth double' —Apyly 20, LINENHALL-ST., Ballymeni. -DICYCLES, up to date, light roadsters, best material...-, wotkmanship, non-slipping pneumatic tyres, dire' from makers, £7 2s. 6d.—.7. SCARCLIFF, °Berton, Notts.

-- CV:JAM-UM TANDEM TRICYCLE, hi good condition: £7 lOs. ; wier requested ; exchAnge for bicycle.-10W4 LAND HUGHES, solicitor, Shrewsbury, or Nevrgate, Salop.

PUNCHER Tandem SAFETY good condition, £ll IN ;' V) Girl's Cushion, shop sone'. £5; Coventry Eag,e; Dunlop Tyres, nct scratched, £9 10.—A. M. GENTLB; g" Albans.

18 LADY'. DUNLOP PNEUMATIC SAFET 96 I.: E 9 93. listed £lB 18s.; Gent's £8 18s. 6d., liste. £l7 17s. : 301bs each, high-class machines, extraorelinad bargains. Cycle.—COOK E's Advertising Agency,Worcester.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers. ). Warrington . Aucriox Rooms—No . 1 Bank Street AGENT FO—Sun Tigre and Life °Mee , London, Rstablieke 1710. Norwich and London(Accident Plate Glass. Fidelity Gast' anteo and Employers' Liability) Insurance Associatia° Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance As sociltiou Limited. I;6' tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited . Establisbe6 1864.

JONES AND ELSWORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, &c., 57, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale bi Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered wttir out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent On easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WO ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private marl, 1 gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2.136.

THOMAS CO WDELL, ESTATE AGENT' AUCTIONEER AND VALUE. OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD ChAMPT BS. SALEROOM:—. 145, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WAREING-TO% Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty.; CONSIGNMENTS INVITRD.

EVANS ROBINSON and CO., Put,lic House Agents, 11, South John-street, Liverpool have many Fully-licensed Public Houses to Let at Ingoings rangil4 from £lOO to £12,000. And they make no charge to chasers unless specially engaged to act for them. EVANS ROBINSON and CO. have many clients waiting for genuine Public Houses and Beerhouss-s, and persoas having such to dispose of should place their businesses in tbe hands of EVANS ROBINSON and C0.,11, South John-street, Liver pool. fIENUINE BEER and WINE`, House, ingoisig £65 ; position, in suburbs.—DAlLEY, 25, Lime-str'' Liverpool.

RlOO ; VULLY Lionised PUBLIC, enf irely free; ingoing rnoney-makiug house, every proof.—BAlLEr, 25, st eet, Liverpool. _ -VICE CORNER PUBLIC, free splrit3, ingoing only £l2o` 1 splendid chance; ruommendeL—BAlLEY, 25, Lime- street, Liverpool.

earrtages, Zassintttgo, OOPER AND SI M M ON Li COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stoa,. o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Pictorial; wagonettes. and Phletona. now for Sale or Hire.

riARRIAGE LAMPS from 9s. 6d. per pair ; re-silver Plat- ing, repairs and japanning.—W. BiNxioN. 37, Daulbr st. (top o London-road), Liverpool. Established 1869.

10111IGS.—R. D. GARRATT, Barton, Air pthill, Beds. 0817 deliver. Splendid growers and stores of all descriptioix cheap now.

DJG.—Three parts brindle BULLTERRIhR, one Part _ Grey Italian hound, trained ferrets and fast runner, game, kill eat or fox. 125., or large bullterrier pup.—JAitf, Sanquhar, Dom' ries Ail re.

PARROTS I PARR() PS I—Any person in want of one 0 these most amusing of all birds, should write to tbe fountain head. Notic., all grey parrots are imported Lis erpool ; one can be safely sent to any address ; the prince' ttnd the peasant supplied from this, the greatest establish- ment on earth ; 500 cages—WILLIAM CRoss,Largestlmporter of Beasts, Birds and Animals, Everpool. R BEN.o didispose ()Ms eA ro.lTf Oa NI; r4gse, qbt Othyta so ts t yr eoek 3Bhie-clrefoarnd,lT d4:11 other pure bred PIGS from 83., 10s, 123„ a4s., 165., 18s., Vs.; 225., 255. ; all warranted healthy and strong, and as old an good as any other advertiser ; c irriage paid on four and uP.- wards ;by taking over four I deduct Is. per head. DRETTY POLLY I Yes, the "Parrot Trick" has been 1 worked successfully many a time and ott. Your saleq plan is to go to some large importer and purchase direct from lam. Of course it is his aim to supply good birds. a* each one is an advertisement. Itenteniusr his address re- mains the same, while the swindler thatiges his repeatedly"' Copied from the Yorkshire Weekly Posi:." —W ILLIAat ()sofa% Liverpool. the Largest Importer of Birds, beast.. and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickli CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C' Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, brni4es, broken knee!: cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few /Icor' by bathing the parts affected with Comly's diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Price"' 8 oz. is. ; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK tree containing full directions f6l V curing diseases pf Horses, Dogs, &c. from CoNDIe° FLUID WORKS, 61, Turnmill-street. London,E .C.

GEORGE & CO., SCOTLAND-ROAD (MILE END), LIVERPOOL, 21713 (EsTn. 850.) HALF YEARLY STOCKTAKING SALE, THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. THE SEASON'S SURPLUS ACCUMULATIONS OF OVER £l5OOO WORTH. TONUINE AND UNDOUBTED BARGAINS IN in.alE GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES BY ALL 00TM) MAKERS, HIGH CLASS GENUINE lIIA.MONDS, SOLID GOLD CHAINS, FINE ?LATE AND BRONZE CLOCKS, Al SILVER 4'LATE. AIL REDUCED FROM ss. TO 10s. IN EVERY £ REGARDLESS OF COST. , Nit 1,2-2%11 (nered at these hitherto unheard-of prices to realise), goods being of highest quality and perfection Len guarantee of natistaction will be given with each Call or write. "ORGE kND CO. (OPPOSITE CRANE AND SON'S), SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

61113—SELL'S £45 GOLD KRYLESS IHRONOMBTER. 1419 1 6 For magnificent new type Eng S D- O. lish Lever-Crystal Glass Gold Mad •to special order in August last, by Thes. and Sons, Cburch-street (makers to the Queen), to tsi•rtest and most perfect specifications, combining great- tp,goar.lgth, durability, and accuracy ever before attame ; unlaroved balance, 19 actions hard rubies, compen- -16. heat and cold, with hardened Brequet .pigal. in full 20- ia(oear 40z.) solid 18 carat gold damp and du le proof cases. Patent keyless and all unbreakable springs, patent ueZ`fitraph and stop action. Special offer and a genuine til7uttity ; makers' full warranty (35 years) and receipt ;IL") Purch iser. Trial allowed. "rio_ GENUINE WATCH BARGAINS THIS DAY. `3I4ORGII,'s.-ISTABLISHED 1850.— GEORGE'S.

e334OLD ENGLISH CHRONOGRAPH BY SEWELL. 10 is 6 —For this magnificent. nearly new S —sru . D. Gold ENGLISH LEVER, made Isi,reial order by above noted maker to the Royal Navy, full chronometer balance adjusted for heat and cold, beareakable mainspring, and all improvements ; in thick, tooj' datlip and dust proof cases of solid 18-carat gold,with tti'e-tunk dial and crystal glass; timed to the 3C..Cth part of izintlll,te. with centre-seconds and patent side stop; not had wear, and is wa,ramed by maker's and our sir.tr- for 30 p ars ; specially recommended. Approval. rior Re made. N„, LEVERS BY NOTED MkKERS —GEORGE'S.

sao ROLLED GOLD WALTHAM LEVER. $4,19.5. 6.. (cCenot" li3oollleads t Gold August) Keyless fo zirlfi- ß the famous Walthim Watch Co.'s own menu- The case warrante t by the Waltham Watch Co. itt-'o'4,ed guarantee for 29 years ; and movement timed to 30 Per month for 2) years; perfectly plain polished sunk dial and gold hands, and indistinguishable from Gold Hunter. Approval. GEORGE'S GUARANTEE SATISFACTION.

LtSSELL'S £l4 LADY'S GOLD KEYLESS LEVER. ck.t I*7 it For Lady's superb Gold Chronometer 1104 11 S. kJ D. LEVER, by Thomas Russell and tile famous makers to the Queen, and possessing all hht 'Meat improvements, chronometer balance, adjusted tor Itrd cold, ruby jewelled throughout, with the new lmssafety unbreakable keyless action, and mainspring : 4%1, Government stamped solid 18-carat gold cases, fully 4,14444(1 dust proof, with double sunk white dial and gold 4.4t.y,„.,4 grand timest. new last year and makers' war- ours ‘ltha "a for 3) years given. Watches or jewellery Gl/411ped. STOCKTAKING SALE TO-DAY.—GEORGE'S.

441) VIRST-CLASS 7-GUINEA GOLD LEVER. 17s. (JD. iisaimi handsome Offer) ff eGri) Er; 11t,Rad,(3)7f's very ktio clUality,with chronometer balance, ruby jewelled every kw°, Unbreakable mainspring.and all latest English im- rientson massive Government-stamped gold eases,damp tlkis!let oroof,and sunk seconds gold dial. A " (lead-gun " 44,10"Avith wr tten stamped guarantee for 20 years, Entire 4114,ct10n. Approval. Easy payments taken. 's•---.7.:fx-SECoND HALF-YEARLY SALE-GEORGE'S. ...ELL'S £l2 SILVER "FLY-BACK" CHRONO- V. GRAPH, Independent Centr.) Seconds. 7 a For Splendid Keyless Independent 'hi, s. kyn. CHRONOGRAPH of latest invention, 'Qby —c„nussell,maker to the Queen,-plate lever,l9 actions, bte,welled, latest improved adjustments for heat and 41) independent action registering minutes, seconds, ti-; or 300ths of a minute. Timings by this chronograph A°1:11y Ones officially recognised by the N.C.U. and and same quality movement in gold cases is 5. New last year. and maker's guarantee and ours Years • yen ' Monthly payments at Cash Prices. given. OltOdrs—SEE WINDOWS FOR BARGAINS.

kIIIIIBBYiLL—'S--£3 C RONOM fl SILVER LEVER. 4 17 Special Offer) for this first-class 111, arg„ S. D. English Chronometer LEVI‘R, of Zklief-,,'"lasell and Eon's (makers to th 9 Queen) finest irind- 'utithi,s'r " life-fong " wear ; best ruby-jewelled movement, tQattr',lnot one atom of foreign manufacture ; real chrono- tl"; bZiance, for heat and cold; unbreakable mainspring, L'gnt Celli. dust-proof cap; in extra heavy air and water- -37,;•ea. and gold hands ; makers', 25 years' warranty,from t4Ythe-t(with ours) given with this special lot. Monthly tsaken. Trial allowed. `4II3A.PES " GOOD "MATO II:ON RECORD. 4CUAN'S STRONG £3 15s. SILVER LEVER. 6 (New six months ago) for first-class a• D. strong, English Hall Marked Silver ""ilatie„ Nll, plate movement, ruby jewelled, chronometer tke;,,P„4 tinbreakable mainspring; a splendid timest, in Main polished, damp and dust-proof cases, with taitZ befeZttlass ; such a perfect marvel of good value has `u• ueen seen ; warranted 15 years. Easy payments

1)17 I- „ St, •DS SECOND-HAND DIAMONDS, BARGAIN Zu„TS CR iIsWILL APPRE lATE THE FOLLOWING tII,ALIicTED AND MARKED DOWN AT THE UN- 417CH—."1111TEDLY LOW PRICES TO EFFECT CLEAR- eis %JAM OR WRITE. T. 4 kA ill'llktit DlAMFOorNDthEisNsiGiAenGc.EhdMEuNeaTi RING. DIAMOND RING. containingtfiveitmenT3ts,pleursftercet And arTle . --e Purest water, and of rarer t, wh . f he y 18-eara,.• f:lcurely 7„„_ Claw se'til "I' brilliant of Diamond a well haif.hotlB-4° aulauouttneedrlsinupestrbo,sn-gsteolnaev.ibsreitl Worth #!lri ,rl (extra strongsetting critical, ,!lnd for - ' These lots would delight the most ~ r valu ) only £2 12s. 6d. ; invited a are absolutely unapproached. Inspection a . Wh-dher gor not. Approval. p;j111%.1,1.'S 49 IrltaL'iliONE DIAMOND RING. 'NG .107 6 For Gent's magnificent Single-s.tene ")vel c '• D R I DIAMOND RING, containing a 37 urn Water .. e a whiteness, and one blaze N. ti..., . Brilliant, of rare ownr , in heavy solid IS-carat 11 11-marked gold-setting. 4,7675. 6d., with undertaking advanc, 50s. Approval, cl ea PINE BRILLIANT IF/It:MOND HALF-HOOP: 1. 19s. OD. st(worth £8) for Lady'smexlgauisite 5- in,,,,, _ one Real DIAMOND , . every 34 flo',' Perfect gem of rarest lustre and fire, securely mounted 18-earat claw setting. We simply defy competition -..ws this lot. Approvtl. 1542 1-' RigitCLosit3lPl IPsN)"FoUrAgrs:l; i RING. rig igement taren ,_ D. RING, containing five real diamonds 0f goid. oeauty. in plain band of solid 18-carat Hall-mar d ,W, arranl ed. 4. isi, LARGE slActrtilnsc7roPrlN this t h OR lovely ST tTBDr.a z 1 - rare slb S. D. lisn DIAMOND, a large stone of the 14 _'l, beauty and fire.without a fault, exquisitAy mounted 414011 d 113-carat gold claw setting. Approval. UINRA LARGE DIAMOND CRESCENT BROOCH 44 9 OR HAIR ORNAMENT. For this superb DIAMOND ORES- lirszni. . S. 6D. CENT, containing 17 large white ,est 4.6'n dismonds of the rarest beauty, and one blaze of fire. 7., ZninPas at city howe last season. Approval. 111 "ITINEA. HANDSOME DIAIV[OND BRA.:ELBT. rli 1 7 G sineas rec-mtly—For lovely -44,185• 6D. —Cost 13 RACIAL nT containia-g 4ttir,°-• Single-stone, mounted in handsomely wrou ;ht NI g.of solid fine gold. Also lovely flexible "Curb and Wort°ch a " Chain Bracelet (with "safety "chain) only 225. 6d.; a4l,e e 2 10s. And others, very large sizes, now ,ff Ted for tut, &and 38s. Ed. The chesp.st house in the world for Gold ' L racelets. All warranted. b...„ DIAMONDS, GEORGE'S, DIANIOND 3. s'ls SOUNDEST INVESTMENT WITH ABSOLUTE ~._ AND IiNDOUBTED RELIABILITY.

—• SOLID GOLD CURB ALBERT AND SEAL. 176, g —(Worth £5 103.)—For Gent's heavy D. Graduated Curls ALBERT and Government stamped (every link) solid gold, anA the °nle hall-marked revolving seal, with two real stones ; tak e4II alone cost 225. 6d. in Church-street. Another hand- R4Graduated Albert and hall-marked Gold Seal 473. 6,1 , Alio.. ea 155.; and another Fancy Long Link only 49,. 6d. Sr (cost £9) ye.y large Curb Albert and Seal, now 6d. Payments or cash. Every chain warrauted. 103. FASHIONABLE SOLID GOLD ALBI4RT. —(Cost 10s.)— For Lady's Beautiful n." 444 D. GOLD ALBERT, with three strand, of carved N slides double drops, with tassel and 114,1. Bpring ring' t in Governmen-st mped solid god, CM"- 14.8 new. yet only 325. 61. -ICa'sy piiments tak n. VE GOLD CHAIN, SELCFIIEI FRO VI HUN- Piot, AT RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICES FOR 4JAYS.—GEORGE'S.

till° PULL SERVICS Al SILVFCR TA.BLS PLATS. _ a The lot (67 pie?, si. comrising six 1,4,145:6'L• D. tablespoons, 12s. 6d. ; twelve table ,4', • ; twelve dessert spoons, 15s 6d ; twelve dessert %Ea 'O3 6cl ; twelve teaspoons, Be 63 ; twelve egz spoons, Nre .;,.4,4d ona pair sugar tongs, 2s. These are all plated with 1:44-4-I'"'er upon solid nickel Silver; each article beers the :vter:ltt Al stamp, and guaranteed (by written warranty) tor N)tt. i V ars' actual weer. Any portion of the lot sold ately it desired. Approval. Genuine reliable goods.

ti-170----------- 'I, ATLI FIB t: CA SXII. SILtMi `.clo O best quality (Al fo: Ms bleia..Batt'lull4}l7;iee ‘ blittr, Lr' —3 s)?s °DI id silverSuite pFI ai puretSeliti-pRoAnTHR nickle silver, in hand- --.....,:_'!atiti-lined case as new. ---__ 1.,1 ir aNE ART MARBLE AND FIRONZIi CLOCK. i.i'ia r3i,, (---; (Just removed fromsFul7o-1 Park. by 04'i..itri I -. PD. Maple and Co.) For tas ,larg and -'4OO4'Y handsome Real Marble and Bronz:?. STRIKING Nl._ .ot the b design, richty Carved 114 r, and eauti!ul domed: P laque with figureint°hi.gh relief, all in solid I•4(ll.Wr°'u htP • special " belt qua.lity ..„ ay ~,oviCem real Lir!ine ; having a Volk.. Writtenent;ehimi given; a fine hours and hat-hosts on cathearal warranty 4ne example of high art WARRA:,.. RELIABLE CLOCKS AT GEORGE'S.

NOW OPEN, THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BALLYMENA, LINEN and DAMASK MANUFACTURERS. beg to inform their former Patrons and the Public generally that they have OPENED their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVER- POOL, with a JOMPLET 14 STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN D WASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHBETINGS, PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-HANDKERCHIEFS, also G MEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS, and LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTH- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which they will SELL at Bona-fide MANUFACTURE PRICES, All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No one importuned to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SON, LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, OF BELFAST, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, LOWNESS OF SPix• rS, GIDDINESS. &C. As a General Jhsmily Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. Heads of households should always have a box by them to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under th.ir charge, as by paying attention to the regular action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels,many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vigour r to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, Seymour Place. London, W.

MAKE LIFE ENJOYABLE. SI Loss of health means loss of all which makes life en- joyable ; for, in addition to the bodily Fain and suffering which it causer, it entails a vast amount of mental pain and anxiety, especially in the homes of the working classes. It brings in its train a host of discomforts which retard the recovery of the sufferer, and hinder, instead of assisting, Nature to perform her functions. When a working man suffers from any ailment which prevents his following his daily avocation, he is natur- ally filled with anxiety regarding the maintenance of those depending on him for their daily sustenance. His very love for his family retards and hinders his speedy recovery, and his spirits become depres ed at the antici- pation of the gloomy prospects before them in the event of a long continuance of his illness. It is well known that depression of spirits ofpn proves a serious bar to a speedy recovery. These results arise in addition to the various incon- veniences and discomforts which the sufferer and his family experience as direct results of his illness, such as additional expenses for luxuries for the sick, with in- creased difficulty to obtain those luxuries, or even the necessities of life. I Most of the various forms of disease which trouble the labouring classes of the country, and which are often attributable, more or less, to some unhealthly condition of their daily work, may be classed under a few leading heads. To avoid the discomforts arising from various forms of disease,every working man should seek the aid of THE VEGETABLE TONIC, Which has gained a world-wide renown as the most wonderful medicinal discovery of the age; and as un- failing remedy it is prescribed by many leading physi- cians in various ailments. For Bronchitis, Asthma, Coughs, and Colds, Shortness of Breath; Neuralgia, General Weakness, Low Spirits, Nervousness, Indigestion, Influenza. • GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS a Sold In Bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. See the name Gwilym Evans on Label, Stamp and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters' Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Ltanelly, South Wales. GSVILYM EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS.

Particulars transoired on Tuesday of a terrible col- liery disaster which occurred late on the previous night at Brancepeth Pit, willh gton, Durham. Between 400 and 500 hands are uqually employe& but only 22 were down at the time of the explosion. Five of these were brought out alive, eight are known to 'be killed, and no hopes are entertained of getting out the remaining nine alive. . OADBURY'S COCOA. Is a gentle stimula t ; it does not irritate the nerves, but is soothing, refresbi g, and invigorating. It is absolutely pure Mr. Alexander W. M'Doug,all has received a letter in- mating that the Rome Secretary has failed to discover any sufficient ground for advising further interference in Mrs. Maybrick's favour. The Judiciary Commander of the United States Senate has adversely reported on the Senate's resolution to intervene on behalf of Mrs. Ma,vbrick on the ground that the case does not come within the jnisditi ii nf the Senate. RUPTURES.---REYNOLDS' Patent Imperceptible Iniiarubber atem Pad TRUSS. Suitable in all cases. perfect Fit Fnsurel Write or call for particulars.— REYNOLDS, 10, Slate -treet (a few doors Bold-street). Liverpool. 0 urday until 7 p.m.—advt •

4:f-44,fT CR CZEAVIMESS USE ONLY A „:„ . • ~-,, 4 -7,-,1 7•9 VT ~- t. ,44,,-e,,.,-r ,•,,,,,, ~,, --,t, , 04-44; ,fr $4, ,- , ..--, ..-:,,,,,, L5.,4 ; 4, = • w t, ...A] -i., 4,c ~., ...', .. * '''s ‹,?. -4 kg ~ ..nt . . ~. TA v'-. 5.- . :, to 4:,* ~,,,„, II 1,:_;;,., ,7"' ,:. A 1.%....,.', , ' 11... -“,,,,,,_, , 1 /11A?cfr.SW.7 272 7,jfic"<2l.6FEN.

3ENTGrmysiFx—Tx-no 33zsnc: f 4, ENGLISH , .3, Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, Strength, and Value. Thousands of Testimonials have been received. , BENS*N'S BENSON'S ...„gii,...1... r.......... limey-less mrigliah E.4,eNZel, 66 tl EPi TT i'diP zou Fa -5.;01.,- - ii A. LI 1,,,,' 9 9 f , , , iti •i GA ii, e VIN R 2.. i 1 *.); An •1, 11 'nbuLA: TON a , k... IN USE ALL THE WORLD OVER. In Silver Case,. / vln Silver Cases. In Silver Cases ,•••\..,, In 18-et. Gold Cases. i A • , ‘A N .- Ilki:: ; 10 tl4 ( , t 7 '51k4,1.„ V ti 'S"A: tr ' .-,,:4 ~' 4, . ~ ?- ' t. w. , ~.....*?..,, +ll fhl' • , • m ~, 4, ---• ,^ ""*,/,',:, . , ,---.''.--\ ' l'Z' •4. • ;ft., 01-,.,,:4,--,-:-,\ i - ~i'ki,-............'s ,\ --.„.1. irc<. f•- , .... A- -, or , , , .., . ,„.., , • in--, ‘‘c - • A ' - •-,'' i 4 , .; ' \-.: iil,' 41 I \ \\ - i ,-- Selections of Watches or N 1 ~ IfitrJewellery sent free on ~ t 't \I , k. '1 -_-' . receipt of reference. • 1 e.“-- , • i , I t,. ,-. • , 1 1 ^ li Lpa.4,' 't' ,t, , Illustrated Book t 7 ~1" •• ltr.vi L 1 ; .. • Post Free. -.t' OLD WATCHES AND •%'i ;If JEWELLERY TAKEN ',' , ~.t.‘ ~ IN EXCHANGE. ' .;',, . ''..,, , ' 4 •'...f ~ h.):.;.N4i All Goods Not Approved l',,,tf : 1,/, will be Exchanged. '), % ~ ..I,f\ , • 1,,,i4,* . , • '''t:" ''.. ,` ''' 44.° . e ~,,,,' ..17 `0•''',.,,,, A,-, • ' •,„...r• 0•,,,.., , ~.1, cheapest, Strongest and most, Durable London A good Knockabout Watch for rough wear at a made THREE-QUARTER PLATE ever sold, low price. Best London made, Three-Quarter Plate ALever,ate.TtewLealrlegde Barrel,withl an 3 Rubies, Dbiesa, Cmhproannod Ertg/ish Lever, Larae, Chronometer Balance, Jewelled meter Bnatisnh ce,P nin Rubies, Strong Keyless Action. Dust Proof Ring Band. Price £5 6s. An Exact Timekeeper, and better value than any Keeps better time than, and is double the Strength Keyless Watch sold for £lO. and Value of, er Cases, with any Strong. Crystal Glass. £5 ss. Watch made. In Sterling Price £5, in Extra Strength, Sterling Silver, Crystal Silv G, Made in Four Sizes at one Price, £5 ss. •.—No. ,l lass Cnses., Gentlemen & Youths (as illustrated); No. 2, Working RENSON'S ENGAGEMENT RINGS, in Half- Men; No. 3, Railway Men and Miners : No. 4, Ladies. Hoop, Marquise, Gipsey and all other designs, In massive 18--ct. Gold Cases, with 'Crystal Glass, sCt with Brilliants, Rubies, Emeralds, Pearls, Sap- Gentlemen's size. 2,12 i 2s. Lady's size, £lO !Os. phires, Opals, Turquoise, &c., &c., or in plain gold. ALL WATCHES AND JEWELLERY sent post free, and at my risk, to all parts of the World ''''' on receipt of Draft, Cash. or P. 0.0.. payable at G.P.O. SEND FOR BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from .E 2 2s. to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES. PLATE, &e., &e. Sent post free on application to J '- ' WATCHMAKER and JEWELLER TO eAll 1 SOl4 0 !, . 1317_, _ _ 9 H.M. THE QUEEN and ROYAL FAMILY. Steam Factory: 02'J SID 64, TATJDOISI..OOIE E--XIMAEA, And 2S; ROYAL EXHANGE, 8.C., and 26, OLD BOND STREET, W., LONDON. WATCH, c?....e., CLUBS.—Applications for agencies invited. Easy system, no risk.

F -r.„, -4i El !AA: Riga .:, rit to q Ro , 1,:.4 ,;37V ?:tr- ‘ :z * 6 iko 41.4 i ~„0A , 4 v ' --. f.;.4 iitm And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing., so that you may try it before paying out any money. I have made a life-long study of Fits, Epilepsy, St. Vitus' Dance, &c., and when I say cure f mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE ' TO SUFFER, but send 3d. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, and TRY IT, 11. G. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, LONDON. N.W.

tiMITH'S TASTILEtiS DzINDELION ANTIBIIAOUS PILLS. is 14d. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute tor calomel. Are suited tor either sex, old may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. after excess in eating or d-inking. and are the most valuable at ,:hange of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Men curtails, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ace . SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

A*" vt.,070. ffr TY9 9 4:41 , AO4 çi ist t intisty u iflaYorl „ r „

FOUND DEAD. DOISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ts doa,d by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sold ty Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killiu 1,44(.1es on land.

, 4Sit.r"lt:' , 'l,,•'-41.-g" s 4, En., it24,>•.-.1 „r 4 ~ e. . -,1,,,c, „ifi..„ •p,tt, 41/ ~,:,,,,,,, , ~;::. 01, 1.1 ~. ',4t.',4;iyil ',O lit 1.5:• 3 beil:'' 4,1 '. A jm..): i• , .. 7/,' . L., .",0":,' .. ' 71.48,119tb ';(1 . I,re''''''').% t ' ..1 •"' 44 ti,'• , - 4,:'-'l. L'-!fkl- !ii Tr T r .:-,- ;it,• e ~,,,v r nil . t . ,N4-,4,4-N-,--. st

frEinicarl2os2:l2ol4 1 1 ~' ir,V4.444., Those tiny CAPSULES ).1%; are superior to Balsam 44 ' '•' N of Coaiba, Cubehe or (---1,,i 1 ,:i ' "it . Injections and cure in 154. 4 ~,,s ',,,,' 48 hours the same r , ',-..°, ' diseases without 'mon- -414, 10 'x , venience. 4/6 of all Che- i ,4 mists. Or post free. 4V WILCOX a Co., 41 239, OXFORD bT., LON DON, W agalarrffsmrxrzawang2lllllllMED:MO

Li . ALt DIES INDISPENSABLE rib 0 LADIES! Particularly those who desire a quick safe and reliable remedyf or all obstructions and irregu- larities, a medicine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair as the most obstinate & hopeless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. lira., Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your invaluable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopeless- ness." A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with all testi- monials and medicine. One package at 4s. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit ElOOO for every testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to— liIK ALID,FiIIIIM 7E' ri...101.1( 11T =DICKY.. INSTITUTE. HACK,NEY ROAD (Opposite tahoreditch Church),Landon, NA,

NORTON'S CAMOMItE PILLS 1171,0 a ' reputation of nearly ioo YEARS c,„44fl' 112„. i' • as being WITHOUT AN EQUAL 1,10 as a Remedy for • ....-44 ' --•t\ 1 'ls7* ' INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, Ito SICK BILIOUSNESS, 1 I 1, vo,x,, HEADACHE, and LIVER ' tr" COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. 4' % ' • -AN., F: -%-v, ~ . 'CA . , , ~.„70 tits, ,•,....*„.bli.k .; ce.:7,,,,,- -. .t,,,.. ,e„,,,,,,;.5.) , pv.* 1' 'V a ,I' oz%\t.v•v2 Mild, in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs: Bold in Bottles at Is. llet., 2.... Od • end lls. each, by all liledichie Vendors throughout the WeAd. *Ask for "No toll's Camonlllo Pills." and do not be persuaded to purchn.s e =imitation. „... Prepared by NORTON'S LTD., 21 SpitallBqu re, London, E.,;:: lignegtEßOMMX../MlGErnelliTegegir2o4.7MMEMlZi i"......10.01•MAD5411•1Men................../ne*Mif.lae/MWManitlA•Mernenarr......',./WM,II 11516131131317. rl a 1Wjr.1.1.1 MI:=110 1 Vr7.1.2Z. k Old '-- - - POLISH I N G —A PLEASURE! , WILL NOT ~, STEPHENSON'S FINGER Olt.; MARK. fr, :.-i--7 At- FURNITURE i OriEAIVI. •......, ~......,,,..„,„,„,.. , ~,,:„, ~t.,•• y , •..,;.4,„5•,,:,,. , ,_,...• __ ~,, .. , ~.,'., Ig.i ~....,A4-i:r..,.. .....:-.....:•-•"...- ..':,,,,..,r, - - -----",. ..--,-, 4 ;,. ...--,54-------t4,, " -.•:..:: ..t .4t‘.A.,-.,, 3p.:;7v.i.,,---...),- .y. . -,.... . , ',7,-_--,....,4- I: 7••••••••••• .fa?..,3fimr- ,-.,,. - -_,L, 4,-w--- - - 1,.:,-:::.-.-,z-,----4,,t-.13--_,';,-2.,----.5),7,, - - - • mirseip , , ~I.' ,;.,,,,,,,, .......--_,-.. - llai _ ''',/, i ~;.-,n'' 1, •,,,,,t,:.P.,, i ,Ve,c: .....,.. Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and Irommongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD,

TIT Fi DEAF HEAR. . Deifness, Head Noises, and all other distressing ailments associated with loss of hearing. b 3 olutely cured by using " AuttiLlNE ESSENCE" after all else has failed ibe most marvellous medical discovery of the Eineteenth Century. Acts like a charm. Hundreds of grateful testimonials. Sufferers ! 'Why remain deaf • when a cure awaits you? Post free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle. —THE MACKEY REMEDY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn. London.--lieware of injuri- uis instruments and other appliances.

ANE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY .161 MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure i;ontagious Diseases cf a certain class, (internal and ex- ern al). Price 4s. ed. Single Bottles of Idixture 2s 91 Only of 110PFI. Operative Chemist, (la Methuen) 132 Deansgate. Manchester. Advice free,

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed cn DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per cIiNT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted 2. BIRKBECK 13.UILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEIJOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND . FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full pirticulars post 7ree. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager.

~.,,.. , ~,,,,,,,,„,,.., • 0 F B tt; RT ,„„,,..,) WONDERFUL j CENTRE SECONDS \Ai AT u, x . BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. BEATS ALL! f OTHERS 6/ 1 , ',,,, ~`!..v, QUALITY N ,40 . . 4,' FOlt ONE OF AND ' PRICE. DEBERT'S 1 WATCRES , e" 4 la..::::.1 it ifi - , e qua ttl°ui- eQ' P,;', ~,41 "" •i' nea • • , ~,, . I Wat- ,.. '-‘ ' . - At' • can be •-• -----„."---....._ -' •••'--.--, ,..-=_...,..... plated cases looks exactly as al5 Guinea Gold NVatch. All are warranted timekeepers. I will send by registered post, safely packed, at my own risk to any address in the United Kingdom on . receipt of postal order 7s. 6d., a Watch as above, plain ease resembling silver or gold (as desired). Enclose; this announcement- (" Examiner ") with ;;;order to-day. My 61. Albert CHAIN " Woltaz " Silvia,. (stamped Debert, Liverpool, on the bar) are the best in the world. Seal to match 4p. Ladies' Solid SILVER WATCaES from 10s. ad. Real Silver Albert CHAINS 3s. 61. real Silver Name BROOCHES,HaII marked, from lop.—P. DEBERT, Watch , Manufacurer. Wholesale Jeweller and General Merchant, 10, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established over 10 years. :

rrOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for I- Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons. so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. 11d. and 2s, 91. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker E T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham. Beware (t imitations,

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & ',BONB Loudon. and all the Wholesale Houses.

MPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES. Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obs mate or It ng-stann ing, and never fail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parellel in medical science; have saved thousands trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price Iist.—QUALIFIED CHEMIST. 201, (+teat Ancoats-5t.. Manchester.

KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles.

KEATING'S Yu W DEIt. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. VP -EATING'S POWDER. Hills Fleas, Bugs. Moths. Beetles.

This Powder, so oele- -3d., 6d., and IS. TINS. brated, is perfectly un- • rivalled in destroying 3d., 6d., and IS. TINS. Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal 6 3d., d., and is. TINS. life). All wollens and furs should be well sprinleed with the Pow- der before placing away. Sold only in tins. WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN, Are easily, surely, and with perfect safety got rid of by us- ing KIiIA.TING'S WORI TABLETS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins, ls. lid. each.

.--- --„,...----..-°4 ..3.r.„. " ' V" 1-'IE: 117 E" . ,:.,,, i c I .t... ' , WORLD-FAMED. tril 1 :1 ' minortv it 1 . L .: , ..„ ... .. THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. , - "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the Use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family D,ctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, liczema, skin Bud Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIRS DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

A L E. X A Vki D R A ' HAND SEPARATORS. Make 20 °/. More Butter. - Saves Sent on Labour ft Trial. Time %op Carriuze t. 4 Paid. Fuel Space valid '""1".• Utensils • SIZE EASY TO WORK FOR A S. d. No. 12 Lad 15 Galls, per hr. 9 0 0 „ 111 „ 25 „ 14 0 0 ff ~ 30 97 71 15 15 oOp R. A. L ‘..51. " LT D. kl,•'› DURSLEY, GLOS. THE GREAT REMEDY. 4 qt 7.• S,‘ . '46 • * 4*M *UT %Lai' • IA * FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pun is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe. and Effectual. Sold by al4Chamists at Is. lid. and 2s 9d. per box.

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 1 0 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LAD lES all irregularities and obstructiens. a TO remedy which under the most trying LADIES TO circumstances and in the most ,difficult LA DIES TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD ' TO RELIEF, LA DIES TO GENERALLY IN A FEW HOURS. LADIES TO No case hopeless, failure is simplv LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES To Hill. Cambeswell, writes : LADIES "By adopting your treatment my , TO anxiety and misery was over w 30 twenty-fo.sr hours, although for overtihttilel LA. D lES e LADIES TO 'months I had been daily takinepilis and LADIES sr,l other things in vain. Half the quantity LADIES ~`, you sent proved effective, to my intense TO ey and surprise." LADIES TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES TO expen,ive. as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by LADIES ~., post, 4s. 91) is usually sufficient for any TO case. LADIES TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LAD! ES TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES ,rrin envelope. LADIES , - Write privately to— TO Mrs. M. M...M., LADIES TO 145, STOCK WILL-ROAD. LONDON. S.W LADIES . _ , ' ... 1 i , LAw. mowEßs!

, FOUR elan HOUSEKEEPER3S . BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. tal )......".............. c. :rovE . 24 „Li. 0 POLISH. r..., 1 fAS I ..i'4s2,**ii,PT, CliE AP E ST, & g • t.ST Eit.':: :1 e' VlTati"E: WORLD e ... —._. A -.... ~.—, ~ ~..., . ~.,... c, .2 In Half the Time, with Half the o .:3 , Labour, you can produce More o -2 Polish with Two Penny Packets m .7.; of Rising Sun than with H h alf- Z d Py arm DozeEn of ordinary Blacklead. ...,,,, g "AO 11 -M . , cm 21 11, ISI 1‘11:s0 URAPOELTIAS LW'. 1 VIES TOALL KINDSQr.'METALS 4]. L....,,vpr,twrpril.i.pANTPoLisH. 5 Sold in 3d., Ed. & 1/- Bottles. No Mixing, No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. 0 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. -7 r, "There is no preparation of which we know to equal f.), •-• its excellence. —ENQUIRE WITHIN -.-3 d. per box. .."' E ~ .' ''' .5 s--- DOUBLE 9.. K. 0 „Niko, -• . . • ''' n 57' t. 'A7, • - STARCH.: .... a,„ „,.., .. To;', .o , ...-,' zs; ,4.R.t, , i...,, 4'74. Ottme E R, wPAFixO „P O&R I, I, , 98 40, REQUIRES no audition or preparation. P lig SAVES Time, Labour, and Uncertainty. .'=-- PRODUCES Beautiful White Glossy Linen. • 'O' , Ask your Grccer to get them for you. C CHANCELLOR & Co.. LONDON, E.O.

RULES FOR STARCHING. A most valuable little Book for those who do their Starching at home. Post free for two stamps.

C. CHANCELLOR 8: CO., London, E.C.

„,. vi,.' • ,„sii T'' isiz'''kt, , \•44''' -/ ~-r—t, '''''—'—'N._--"'- --N -41./ :•\l7-,-;•;:. •••:7:-;', 'JO- • ~,k.)..w.e., 1 ig,.. • 71.;',•4:'' •:Z.'),ol' ' .6 •,- '2”— t,— ..• *i'''','..#:',•:'•o4 , 4W,j, 4 ,§l,i‘ ',•;,,,- ',' i ''' .\'l ' -.; ''-47:--;-=-1,----,;---'l': ''''' : , :•,, _ ''' 'ff.; ''4,i, , , . _._ . -- • - • c*: ,•:•--,1 -'-'•?' ' r - ~, IN vz - At:, •- . ,-.* ,- , - -,,, ,: '7.'l . , 4. .v 4 ~..„09p0 - - ----• ,: -,'„,,%. - •,. ..y.,. • 4:4' .1!,,...- ~ JS 0 OTHIN:`, 4 ~„tr,.....%a 1 FEVERISH HEAT. Prevent ttlit iN , f as. Convt.lsess tte 1, , "1/4. Preserve e a Heallii State of thy.- ie CestitvEce thrill the .0 fr .6,:itaren c 4 p.ri.4 .1 MTV< t. pr4friTtegsr) , . j ......eN - P.N. ~.../ t.'(f•ii k cuttijrlELTA. 7t Va tADN7IORTH, SUr ' ' ''': \ , I,V. .- . t k 4, p., ; Please Obserue the E E Q. -, f r r N STi...t.ONIAII ,:.....i, a —,,;..;..-.414,....70-AKtm,4„,

PURE RICH RED BLOOD BY TAKING HOOD'S SARSAPARILI`i. " I venture to say that Hood's Sar- saparilla is the best blood purifier I have ever known. I have suffered very much from impure blood. The symptoms were pimples on the bands. I tri,d many bottles of lotions, which only kept them back, but did not cure them. In the spring I bled at the nose quantities of blood which was very dark,and which when cold had the appearance of a lump of black liver. I believe if that had not come out it would have killed me, and so said the d :ctor, and I think it was nothing but blood poison. I could not sleep, for pains. in my legs, arms and all my joints,: and my body was very nitu°' swollen. Every little cold gave me bronchitis and asthma. I Was a little better in the summer, but during last winter I was as bad as ever. Early in the spring Ise :eived one of the papers advertising Hood's Sarsaparilla. I at once sent for a bottle. I have now had two large ones and two small ones, and I am a better man to-day than I have been for years. My hands burn a little at night, but I think they will.soon be all right. I have recommended Hood's Sarsaparilla all around and have told many what a blessing I have found. You are at liberty to print this letter fer the good of others." JosErn CAPPLENiAS, Ebenezer Cottage. Flamborougtl- N.B. If you decide to take Hood's Sarsaparilla do not be induced to buy any other. Insist upon Hood's and only HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Sold by chemists; 2s. 9.1.; and 4s. 6d. Sent by post on receipt of price in stam ,s or postal order. C. I. HOOD & CO., 34, Snow Hill, London, B.C. HOOD'S PILLS CURE SICK HEADACIO' is. 11d. Sold by chemists or sent by mist on receipt pr ice by 0. I. HOOD & CO., 34, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

FOR FIRST-CL ASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY: TTarranged. EETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost foe work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extractionoiroauss hitherto by the fa TEETEI. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. 11. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Ws' WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SAN' RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-V. N ORTHWICH, on .FRIDAYS, 18, APpLiorARE:O4I.

MARRIAGES. GLOVER—FoLLEN—ApriI 4th, at the Parish Church. vv 47? ton by the Rev. G B. Thurston,George Glover to Mar Pollen. AIX BOND —LINAKER--April 4th, at the Parish Church. ton, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, Thomas Bond to Linaker. iih fel' WILKINSON—WORRILL—ApriI 4th. at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, Frederick Cbm" Wilkinson to Sarah Worrall. rel. ATHERTON—WHITELEY—Apr il 4th, at the Parish COI, 0 Warrington. by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt. John Atherto' Alice Whiteley. 115 r CHADWICK—SHAw—ApriI 4th. at the Par'sh Church. .k to rington, by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt, Samuel Chadvv3"— Elizabeth Ann Shaw. SW DANIELS —GRAINGER—ApriI 4th, at the Parish Church,, rington. by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt, William Dan'e Jane Grainger. „OF. HuusT—Wmcocx—April 4th, at the Parish Church, tol. by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt, Isaac Joseph Elizabeth Wilcock. k iffto 'Mows —LIGHTFOOT—ApriI 4th. at the Parish Chure- ',O . rington. by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt, Samuel BrOs, AO, Alice Lightfoot. GUT—BA XTER—Apri 1 4th. at the Parish Chnrch, Warrillet, by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt, Frederick Guy to 8110 Baxter. ~„ tritiiri KiNsElr—PEßuy—April 6th, at the Parish Church, vv,t1,1007 ton, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, Thomas Johnson s'• to Annie Perry. Warri4' LENNOX--PE'ERS —April 6th, at the Parish Church, ..,.„ Aeil ton, by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt,. Henry Lennox w Peers. DEATHS. S OLLIRT .—April 2nd, at Dickenson-street, Warra3" Hannah Sollory, aged 43 years. U 1101). HlLL.—April 3rd, at Lovely-lane, Warrington, Hill, aged 6: years. ~,./Z5 1, KIRK —April 4th, at Howard-street, Wairington, .'-1 SO Kirk, aged 51 years. Eliztepe TILLET.—ApriI 6th, at Pinner's-brow, Warrington, Tilley, aged 49 years. TO D OONE Y.—April Bth, at Watkin-street, Warringtoo, Dooney, aged 2 years. I MORRDL—ApriI 9th, at Nicholson-street, Catherine Morris, aged 52 years. y J3oe° Boscow.—April 9th, at New-street, NV arrington, a-- aged 2;years. 0 utbre DAvrEs—On 15th inat at 19, Knowsley-road. Betsy, widow of the late Joseph Davies, The C''''' Warrington, aged 66 years. 01 death fire°l‘ TUNSTALL—On the 13th inst., at her residence, earg. House, Penketh, Elizabeth Tuns tall, aged 72 7 cards. vo 13 5... 0. Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joint WAltvot;;ol,' The 'Examiner! General Printing Works. ": 'in-iis-, and Published also at The Examiner Offic Vi WIDNES; High-street, RUNCORN; 32, Geotle— --0- •Yrg Helens : 'and 33, Market-street A EARLESTR 18th, 1896.
