===== 0002601_18960104_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTER FOR

AV. CHESTER, 132, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN ALL RINDS OF FANCY GOODS

tObtt canon.

LINEN. Post free for one dozen fine hem- stitched Linen D'oylies. 5/3 . 110 IF e n Poet free for half- a-dozen fine na ered Linen &r' LINEN C 1 the Trod huld ebroid- genuine Purehe aLpiensetn It : u- A ) !tns!. s•arnbric H d ) .f Aerehiefs.Shatnroek .Pattern.n ,7' MURPHY & ORR, BELFAST. LINE ---N - 1 _

BY 6PECIAL APPOINTAIHNT TO 11.11. H. TEL PRINCE OF WALES. 7:

===== 0002601_18960104_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
INTENDI NG EMIGRANI6 to PAM .K YOK, .EOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND O. AGENT AD ELAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW IX. YORK. direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every . WED- NESDAY.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
01)ipping_ p.ottrts.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, FEARNHEAD. WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of evear description (Town arid Country). Houses built to tentinte: own plans. Jobbing punctually aitended to. Rent and Fire and Lite Aeaurance Agent.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMAS FRAIN,

_ DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION

-AGENT,

39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, Ac., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RAPID WASHER

SATES TIME. S 0 A P SAVES LABOUR JOSEPH AIATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD SOAP WORKS, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
tarteiiartait

• , TaßmistiotTs RuttacrioNL , • •„,. GoLp.sToTE.- AND , NE% 115, 117, 119,„osippRi)-sTgaßy oplieeiittl. All -Eatate'Cburch);--. MA,NC.HRISTER..•—• Tlik LARGEST AND MOST COMPLET4, SHOW Or HOUSEWLD YURNITUIi..:: OUTSIDE LONDON. SECOND-HAND,-FUItafTWIE,: 'BEDSTEADS; ,&c., BY ALL TIIE BI T 25 PER CENT. CONDITIONS'Or-FASPL-Gtods. Peeked 'and livered free any dtstattee. 'ltailwrii"iair paid to Cluntry customers. Geo& stored free d clusiie until required. All articles re-polished and..ti.blitinge4ir nut Approved of. The PUBLIC ARTlllitttED TOOALLtD SEE THE WONDERFUL BARGAINS ndw: being offered, the quality of the FURNITURE being A :, and now sold at Ridiculously Low Prices zo make room for several large bouses of Furniture now stored away, having no room to show them. Don't delay, but call at once, and capture the bargains now awaiting you, When you come to visit us you have no ex- pense. We pay your Railway Fares, we Deliver the Goods Free, and you see what you cannot see in 3,uur own. to4vit that is £lO,OOO worth of good, substantial New and Second- hand.lfurnitnre,te Sete% furn. "004 t /iii4clief4er by all means, and Vide Jiully DO per eeilt'of/your Intkl-eirned money.

GOOO SEOOND-HAND F.I2I:tvITLERB BETTIR, THAN THIS WEEIi'S 13AILGATNS IN nlisriNce-ii664 FURNITURIL '

-44 103. Od., Veri'rniassive DINING-ROOM 5U1T13.,, in! leather; large.'-ConChl pair of Easy Chairs, and four smalls, all made by r. mit.in!l ic "I I'4 15s. Od. Very ma,esive Solidltallogami SIDE- BOARD, with large -bevelled glass, back 'Mut ; originai:y cost nearly. £2O ; just been.. rejailialied.: Fitted with drawers and enPbotard; and all conveme.ne.es„ . • .C 7 155. 01 worth £2O:- very' hetiYy:DPIING- ROOM SUITE. In claret coloirredleather, solid fine, and smc.ll...airs, * barks, • just' re-irreinliter&l and re-pc.l:4l.lad. /I and 'pea, 47 17s. Ed., cf:..s when . new £lB. , Handsome SADDLE-BAG SUITE, •sOlid frames and beautifully uphols- tered Couch, pair of Ladies' and Gents' Easy, chairs, and four small Chairs,. 4117 stuffed baCks. 'Delivered 'free any distance. . , £l4 14s. Od., cost .E3O. Grand Bargain in a Second-hand Solid Oak DINING-ROOM SUITE, by Radcliffe, consisting of the Conch, two' Easy plait's, and six Standard Padded Back Single Chairs, upholstered in green Morocco leather, very little worn, jj filet as good as new. .E 2 15s. Od. The massive DINING. .TABLE to match above suite, beautifully-carved legs; well got up. Cost when new £9. £3 15s. Od. Well worth i2O. The very unique second-hand solid -oak Sideboard, with lofty;back, fitted with bevelled silvered. plates,' fitted...with ' drawers, cupboards, cellerette, and all the modern -conveniences. . . Worthy of attention. £5O Os. 0(1. Very massive DIN/NG-ROOM §iJITE „ in real Morocco, upholstered with 'Bali* in 'solid walnut frames. large Couch. two Gentlemen's Easy Chairs and six Standard Chairs, with large stuffed backs,: all .castor ed flit, American Walnut Sideboard to match, all silvezed-plates. bevelled drawers, cupboards, and shelvia very heavy 6ft. Dining Table with extending screw and loose lave, the Coal Vase to match. The. lot honestly worth £150: Delivered and packed free of charge. • El 53. Od. to £2O. Walnut, oak, mahoga,ny and Cyprus DINING TABLES; in' all sizes 'and makes,' to suit. everybody, in oil sizes to suit every family, and at all prices to suit every pocket. Mind you, all Second-hankat Second- hand Prices. TIIIS WEEK'S BARGAINS*. IN DRAWING- ,' ROOM FURNITITRE,.I. £3 103. Od.. originally cost 16 guineas. -Elagant DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, in so,id walnut, fitted, csm- plete with beautifully silvered bevelled plates. . A noble article. _

6d., worth £lO. Nice little DRAWING- ROOM SUITE, in Freize Velvet. Second-hand, and very little used; good size Couch. pair of Easy Chairs, and four small Chairs, with padded backs, well 4t}pholstered, De- livered free. _

£8 15s. Od.. cost when new 25 guineas. 'AntallUl finished DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, hi solfd Walnut frames, upholsterel in rich brocade; velvet-old gold tvloin'. all' large very little soiled, brass castcired. !-Atituwalre.: • 1130 isia. 04 is. inrot oh 3.I23SITO.ITF‘V einryew,b annsdivs eoknottne epl: vdeetn.C, lanoleicely carved fratnes - and well finis/led. Ccuseisfs ef Settee, pair of Easy Chalrsi and Pone 'OceasiOnal. Chairs. damp. ' •' Iss. Od. Second - hand CHIPPENDALE Ogden. silvered w °pro e.irt ;Qua:lll3m na; ecia r deati hn glass-panelled door; and slassivea,,fer the pdbCoaiAssrpßtrlieoallNynieEoifiTabfi,nrtidtbceyll-lwbraitch. Ala d the CICNTRE TABI,E,,tp match, by the same maker, for E7s, 64., Wortli£3..! .C 1 18. Od. DRAWING-ROOM' ..EERASS'SET 'com- plete, comprising heavy Curb. pair of Vire and Set of Fire Brasses, all to match, Honestly worth £2. 2s. Od'. Fit any hearth. rs3o Os. OJ. Very fine .rosewOodinlaid DRAWING. ! ROOM SCITF, upholstered in rich Gletioa Velvet, with plush , borders, all hair stuffed. Made hyDe!zman. The suite com- prises very fine double-sided Settee, .elegantly urfltalstered. pair of luxurious lfasy Chairs, four smslt.Chairs. with very fine carved backs, arid 'two' small' Occasional Oh'airs; with padded backs. Been in use tor this SeasOn' Only, and not a bit worse far wear. . £23 10s. Od. Second -; hand rosewood' inlaid DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, 4ft. 6in. Wide, !with- large fancy back glass cupboards each side. Will match the above suite. Octagon Centre Table to matcli for 3Gs.,'Cost 50s. The inlaid envelope Card Table, also tornatch for 4 guineas; when new cost £lO. The rosewood inlaid Over Mantel froth the same house, for £3 38. Od., cost £6 las. Gd. This's a very fine lot, and well worthy of attention. . £3 198. 63. Complete set or VIRE BRASSES, to- gether with massive Curb, nicely chased pair of nags and Stop. Will fit any ordinary hearth. Well worth £lO. All are well lacquered on church brass. • ' THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN, °BEDROOM 'FURNITURE. ; £2 103. Od. The Complete .Second-hand Lot of FUP.NITURE, for Bedroom, consists .of large size Dressing , Table fitted w4h drawers; Swing Glass; Washstand.. fitted , bottom board and drawers; two Cane Chairs and towel Rail ; the lot cheap at £5. , .£5 ss. Od. Very Handsome Solid Walnut Pair of DUCHESSE STANDS, heavy carved , legs, fitted. with ! bevelled-plate, and numerous jewel tarawera and bores to Dressing Table, and large marble slab 6 Washstand, just been re polished, and are equal to new; well worth £lO. .£6 J 5. Od., cost when new £2O. The handsomest Pair of TOILET TABLES iniManchester. All Solid. Large bevelled silvered glass, all drawers and cupboards in both, real marble slab and tile back, and bevelled silvered glass in washstand ; all castortd and brass 'handled. .C 8 158. Od. Solid Satin Walnut BEDROOM SUITE, comprising large Wardrobe, with. !silver plate in door ; pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, ,with .towel rati..and pot cupboard attached ; two Cane Chairs, just been iePelished and overhauled ; made by Herman; Worth !£25.! £l3 138. Od. The finest Second-hand ''SUITE at the price in Manchester. Large, !sire WardrObe:• fitted with drawers and hinging compartment, large bevelled,plate in aoor ; pair of well-constructed Toilet Tables.with swing glass to both dressing table and washstand, marble slab and tile back, both on castors; Towel Rail and -pedestal! Cupboard attached ; and three Cane Chairs. Well worth £'ao, • • £l6 163. -0c I. American' walnut. .BEDROOM sum', by Doveston,comprising large Wardrobe, with bevel- led silv-red plate in centre door, • and large drawer elow, Inside fitted -for hangings, and beatitifully lined,in. sateen_: pair of elegantly-censtructe 4 Toilet tables, botli 'fitted with bevelled glass in backs, both fully casteresk Time) Rail and pedestal Cupboard combined, and. threepQaue:Chiairg. A marvel of cheapness, Honestly worth £375. . ' £2O Os. Od. Very tine BEDROOM 4u.u.i:fii in Amsrican and Italian walnut; all solid and no iverie for wear, The full complement of piecei. ; worth Rao. £l7 03. Od., worth £45. Solid satin -walnut BEDROOM SUITE, same number of pieces.' fss above Suite. but a bit smaller. Capital value. • • ' £9O Os. 0.1. The entire coNTkNT4' og 4.4o4uti- fully FURNISHED REDROOM et to adorn: the Lions; of a Duke. The lot consist of a Bedroom Suite' that baffles description, made by Hill, 'of • Glaigtrse, eii American walnut, with Italian walnut panels, large. silvered lidvelVlate in door of %Vat drohe, the other doors fitted. with transparent bevelled plates, with plush behind, fitted With boards, and and nkely lined in sateen- to match: The pair of handsome t Tables with side. mi rrortrlarge siring glass in centre both to dressing table and wasl4and..tisree upholstered Chairs, Towel Airer, and Bedside redeltal. yecp‘plassivs Parisian Bedstead in solid brass square'Pillark. 'Upholstered in rich French tapestry and plush. The•uplialstekt'staing Mattress, hair Overlay, Bolster.: and 'lwo' krigts!'feather Pillows, large Carpet, and gilt Chimney fklitea,-,The.labove was never bought under £2.50 and is fully ykrith that , amount. 88. 9(1. to £25. The FINEST Sit*, OF BRASS ! AND IRON 1311DS rEADS Pc LANCA.SIIIIIE, 011ESKIRE. , YORKSHIRE and STAFFORDSHIRE. All aire's frOrn 3ft. ! to Sit. 6d., in French, Parisian. Italian 'waliint ,and patiri walnut; any price to suit you. You would do wellto call and inspea our Bedstead and Bedding ,Department. It will astonliii you and give you some idea of what ,we ars doing. • ' GOLDSTONE AND SONToi-

SECOID:IIAND FURNITURE.

£l5 w.rtli £5O. Complete }louse of SECOND-HAND FURNITIift /C, consisting of parlour, kitchen, and two bed- rooms, ever thing complete. FEWTJOUsI.I HOURS' CIHIJATI.EcIa?Yfr ZPVI-gd.'. tor: petent men sent out all over the C..,..ugy• tdgi.v'e estimates and fit up. No charge to the purchaser. Give .ns a call ; we charge nothing for showing you over our vasbt. afttOlishment, and if you don t see anything that will tempt isoteityou wiil • be more thou hard to please. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO . • •00t4TRY CUSTOMERS. . .

fi t , 4

NOTE OUR ONLY ADDR131,59 : THE NOTED HOUSE FURNISHERS, t 1 VTOLDSTON E AND 7). 'IP 115, 117, 119, OXFuRDSTREET,-ii s Immediately Opposite All Saints' Church, MANCHESTER. Old Trafford. Brooks' BarliPalatine-road, and Oxford-stroet, Trims pats;lthe door, Fare lti..frorn Alivrket-street.

•• , - • . \l," rosy 10. 7 air' BA -.6d per Anum-c ' Is. ur ,t

A

===== 0002601_18960104_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18960104_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
UP DISHES

hich are a most important tem in the week's menu of 'very household, are made ,ost piquant and tasty by the addition of

BCVRIL,

hich is the

guaranteed

product of

RIME OX

BEEF

and which

imparts the full flavour o

Fresh Meat to even the

most tast eles dish.

PT,EASANT PARAGRAPHS.

RECORDS are like wills—as soon as they are made, there is an effort to break them.

_ "FAINT heart never won fair lady," without considerable assistance on her part. ALL things come to those who'know when to stop waiting.

- . be a good thing if people could not play the violin uni.'l they know how. No one is supe,..:-'+;nus when it comes to receiv- ing the baker's dozen. WHEN a man's good deeds speak for themselves, he should not allow his voice to drown theirs. THERE are dozens of remedies for rheumatism, and it usually lasts long enough to give its victim a chance to try them all. HARD as it is to climb up in the world, it racks us a good deal worse to climb down again. IT happens frequently that the prophet who is without honour in his own country can't afford to go abroad. "WHY are you sobbing, my little boy?" "Cause I'm ten years old tomorrer, an' fadder pro- mised me a pair of long pants ! " "But why those idle tears?" "'Cause mudder said times were hard, an' she's goin' ter cut down a pair uv me sister's bloomers fer me." FIRST LITTLE Boy: "My sister wears a number two shoe." Second Little Boy: " Booh ! That's nothing. Mine wears a number six." DEALER: "Would you like me to show you some furn iture of the style of Louis Fourteenth?" Mr. New: " 'Tain't high enough! Show us some of at least Louis Thirtieth." BARNEY: "Say, Phelim, what's a ventrilo- quist?" Phelim :•" He's a lad phat stands on one side av the room and talks to himself from the other."

NEXT to a railroad track, the small' boy prefers the unfloored second storey of an unfinished house as a playground. THE reason so many humbugs gain fame in these days is that the ladder has been superseded by the elevator. A LAMP always stands in its own light, which probably accounts for its being so often "turned down." THE second baby may weigh three pounds more than the first without causing half as much excite- ment. MANY people who profess to believe in the theory of the greatest good to the greatest number, also believe that the greatest number is No. i. KIND LADY: "Now, you will promise me that you won't spend this money on liquor ? " Tramp: "I promise, mum—and me word is as good as me bond ! " _ _

A WORK OF FICTION.—Johnny: "I don't believe this is a true story." Tommy: "Why not ? " .Johnny "It doesn't end right. It's a story about a fight between a man and a lion, and the man gets killed by the lion." BRAVE IN HER GENERATION. —"I am not afraid." The tall, slender girl laughed at the tempest. "I have nothing to fear," she cried, as a great sea swept her from the ship into the seeth- ing waters. "My hair curls naturally." LITERARY fame consists in having a great many people know that you have written something which they have not read. No matter whether a man's life results in abso- lute failure or complete success, plenty of people who had predicted it can always be found. IF, as has erroneously been said, we really "profit by our errors," every man-jack of us would be declaring dividends daily. THE average impressionist is not so bad as the picture he's painted. AIRS. HASHLEIGH : "Such a gentleman, that Mr. Hattie was! Never complained if he had no towels, never sneered at the food, or made remarks about the meals being late. But for his one great fault I'd never have let him leave the house." Forth Flohr "Oh ! he had a fault then, had he ? " Mrs. Hashleigh : " Yes ; he thought if he sat around praising things, it wasn't necessary to pay board." PAYS TO SELL CHEAPLY.—Custoincr : "So you sell these watches at five dollars each. It must cost that to make them." Jeweller: "It does." Customer: "Then how do you make any money?" Jeweller: "Repairing 'em." "MARIA." "Yes, Tom." " Maria—l—ah " —" Yes, Tom." "Maria, do you—that is " " Yes, Tom." "Oh,- will you marry me ? " "Yes, Tom. That is the fourth time I've said it. I knew what you were driving at all the time." MArn : "That Swattles girl is wildly infatuated -with her new chum, that Molly Jamesby. What does it mean, I wonder ? " Madge: It means that Molly has a brother." LITTLE BROTHER IN MISERY. —Hostess : "I wonder why your little brother seems so restless and uncomfortable?" Little Ethel: "I guess it's 'cause his hands is clean." ECHOES OF THE WEDDING.—" WS all nonsense, dear, about wedding-cake. I put an enormous piece under my pillow and dreamed of nobody." " Well ?" "And the next night I ate it and dreamed of everybody I " IN his wife's eyes a man is a gambler when he looses. In his associates' eyes he is a gambler when

he wins. TEACHER: "If a person is eighteen years old to- day, how old will that person be ten years hence?" Bright Boy: "Please, sir, is that person a man or a woman?" ON HISTORIC GROUND.—" Yes, sir, this is the place where the battle was fought." " Have you any relics of it ? " "Yes, sir. John, mould the gentleman about twenty bullets, an' tell the black- smith to hammer out a bayonet quick." THE chestnut producer sidled up to the clever man and said, "I've cust read a curious thing about Australian ants. They sit on trees and bark, and many of them weigh a pound." The clever man guffawed quietly—" The last time I heard about those ants they were Indian ones. They may weigh a pound, but I'm hanged if they bark.' And they carried him off foaming. WENT TO AN OCULIST.—Friend "Did you go to that fashionable oculist, as I suggosted ? Near- sight: "Yes he examined my eyes, and gave me a piece of paper showing the sort of glasses I needed." "Why don't you get the glasses?" "No money left."

----- A DECIDED Say'No.—Domestic : "Do yez want Inc to use this (-pare thing?" Mistress: "Yes. That is a patent dish-washer. You place the ,dishes inside and turn the crank." " Phwat good is it, sure?" "The dealer warranted it not to Ilreak over a dozen dishes a week."

CARTE

S LITTLE ILLS.

Bile, Jn, and tes promptly:

—cm aO a 3 tcistaly ;haniats, .Is. lid.

.4 - ..• .., IT 41'...„5t... e. t+e . ,:-. - • Mt ...':--• .' ' ~;,s,''''--/i.,__ . • _ ,ifk''.*';l•r(rKid t•-"Ik.) t '''\l),A,. / IV , 'S - -- ',.* A r`,- • --- •,,,iii,,,..-7- . 1,.t) \ \ .. ..,,\ • \ ‘,..,•,.___`-`.l .//1P.,,,, ~ ,4. • . 1.: - . . - .., - r -- ._,...A-4,. P , \ ii 1, I 1, l''r ji ','l 1:31 ,''krllll))•'... . . titf ,1 Ig' i I , I, 11,,,,,: ...,." ' • . ' ji' 1 111 1 -

LIVER P • Small PilL Small Doge. for AR 4- SmaLl Price. '4! ITTLE Forty • 3. IIV E R vial.• ,u S PurelyVege-i **"e r table. Cl Cure Torpid Liver, - Sallow Coinplexior Sick Headach- - and mire ther enred.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
1, "LW

;

BEAUTIFUL TEETH

all who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of

SOZODONT,

pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

.Aeanses the teeth-and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask tor 130ZQDQNT. "

===== 0002601_18960104_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
" CA.PITAL" CHAI.

Lord James of Hereford curtailed his Christmas I recess in the country in order to be at hand in Lon- don should there be any fresh development in con- nection with the shipping strike. His lordship has been in continuous correspondence with the Pro- vost of Glasgow and the Lord Mayor of Belfast,and as soon as it is seen there is the slightest possibility of a settlement being arrived at, Lord James will summon the meeting of delegates of masters and men to reassemble at Glasgow. Wherever friendly advice is needed, Lord James is at the disposal of both engineers and shipbuilders, and both admit that his action has been most impartial.

Little has been heard of the unemployed this winter so far. It is satisfactory to learn, on the authority of the " Labour Gazette," that as com- pared with last year there is a distinct improve- ment in the labour market. Still, there is great silent suffering and poverty in London. The esti- mate of one of the labour associations is that there are n3t fewer than 100,000 men out of employment.

As a contribution to the proposed taxation of cycles, Mr. Howard Vincent, who, with ad- mirable discretion, has carefully guarded himself from any expression of opinion either for or against the tax, has collected some information as to the yield of a similar impost in France. French cyclists are taxed to the extent of 9s. per year. From this source the yield for the first complete year—namely, IB94—was nearly £BO,OOO, of which about .£lB,OOO was returned to the local authori- ties, thus giving them a direct interest in the levy. It is expected that for the year which is just clos- ing the total yield will show a substantial increase over that of 1894. Such figures seem to point to a source of revenue in this country capable of great possibilities, but any proposal in the direction of taxing cycles will meet with the most strenuous opposition. Although lately cycling has received the approbation of the upper circles, it is essenti- ally a pastime of the people,who would resent any legislative interference with it. Their interests will, no doubt be sufficiently safeguarded. Cyclists form no inconsiderable portion of the voters in many of the constituencies, and be would be a bold member who elected to disregard their views.

In the best informed circles the general view at present is that the position of affairs in the Trans- vaal is, for the moment, much more alarming than the threatened trouble with the United States. It is no longer a secret that a very large amount of ammunition has found its way from this country to the supporters of the National Union in the Transvaal,and every preparation was, it is believed, made some months ago for any possible emergency. There is a rumour in Downing-st. that a special Cabinet Council will be held shortly to consider the position of affairs as affecting British subjects.

When Mr. Chamberlain, having marked out plenty of work to occupy the Colonial Office, went away for a quiet rest, he hardly reckoned on such a stirring question awaiting his return, which was fixed for next week. It was then supposed that the arrangements for carrying an elecric cable via Canada to Anstralia, passing only through British. territory, would be the first scheme demanding his attention, as Sir Charles Tupper returns in a few days from the Dominion, where he has had long conferences on the subject. lam told that this cable scheme has not caught on very firmly in Canada. Australia will be asked to nominate two representatives to the Conference to be held at the Colonial Office early in February.

The annual County Ball at Hatfield House, on January Bth, is this year to be more resplendent than ever. The house party alone is to muster over a hundred persons, many county magistrates with their friends being invited to stay over the festivities. Besides this. a special train for guests is to leave London in the evening, and to return early the next morning with thwe who cannot get beis in Hatfield. The best musicians have been engaged, and the supper is to be a notable effort. The whole ot the old Elizabethan house is to be thrown open, and its store of curiosities will be on view. People are making extraordinary exertions to obtain invitations, there !being much heartburn- ing in" Society "among those who fear they are to be left out in the cold.

The American Department of La'lour, which has issued so many useful reports, has now begun to publish a monthly bulletin, which is more in nature of a collection of short reports on strikes in the United States, England, Austria, Italy and France, in 1894, a paper on public debt in America, and short articles on other subjects. Mention is made of the fact that there are now 28 State bureaux of Labour statistics in the United States. There is a Bureau of Industries in Canada, a Department of Labour in New Zealand, Belgium and France have Labour bureaux, and the French one issues a monthly bulletin. Germany has had a Labour Statistical Department since 1891, and Switzerland a Secretariat Ouvrier, since 1886. This official is employed by the Federation of Labour organisations and is partly paid by the Government. Ihe.f.e,with our own Labour Department, completes the list of official agencies for the collection of Labour sta- ti,tics.

The other day we'heard of the laudable attempt of Mr. Rhodes to introduce English singing birds into South Africa. One shipment has arrived in excellent condition, and another is to follow. The little ' songsters are being acclimatised in Mr. Rhode's own aviary. Another interesting move on the part of the Cape Premier is the dispersal of his flock of Angora goats. He announces that he will part with most of the goats at cost price to any farmers who will make good use of them, and he has sent a couple as pioneers to Mashonaland.

Everybody belives that Lord Londonderry, like Lord George Hamilton, will in course of time re- -I,quinquish the chairmanship of the London School Board on account of being called to high office in the State. The marked prominence which he gave to foreign affairs in his speech at Tudhoe is pro- bably the cause of the curious and startling report that he is destined in more serene times to be offered the post of Foreign Secretary. There may be no limit to the ambition of Lord Londonderry, but it is absolutely incredible that a man of his slender experience should be invited to undertake obligations which tax the abilities of the mcst brilliant and accomplished statesmen:

I learn on good authority that the vacancy in the Whip's office, caused by the succession of the Mar- quis of Carmarthen to the peerage, will be offered to Sir Herbert Maxwell, M.P. for Wigtownshire. Sir Herbert was a Junior Lord of the Treasury in the last Conservative Government, and did hard work for the party during the time it was in op- position.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
LYNCHING AEFAIR IN KENTUCKY.

TWO PERSONS MURDERED.

Reuter's New York correspondent telegrapns :—" A telegram from:Lebanon, Kentucky, states that a mob at that place has bnrned to death a widow named West and shot a grey-haired man named D-vers, with whom she was living. Several months ago Dsvers shot Mrs. ftvers, and afterwards took up his residence in Mrs. West's house. The matter created great indignation in the neighbourhood, and the tragedy now reported is attributed to the action of Mr. West's relatives. The mob, who were not masked, refused to pay any heed to the pleadings of the victims and of Mrs. West's little children, and also an appeal made on hehalf of the woman on the ground that she was enceinte. The affair is expected to lead to further violence.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A BORN FINANCIER.

A country parson wrote to Barney Birnato the other day ; " My aim has always been invest ment.not specula- tion. When yQur bank came out I regarded its shares as an investment, and purchased four hundred of them at four pounds, sinking my little all in them, and a good deal more. They have now fallen to two pounds, and I am undone. I cannot face my parisn as a bankrupt,and what am Ito do ? I throw myself upon your mercy." Barnato was deeply moved by the ai p•-al. and replied that he would buy back the shares at tour pounds. On receipt of this reply, the guileless parson wired to his brokers to " buy four hundred shares Barnato BArik stock at two pounds, and send them round to Barnato Brothers, who will give you four pounds for them."

DON'T BE DECElVED.—Don'tthinlc the hair can bep served without proper nourishment; all hair specialists positively assert that pure arease is absolutely ne'esqary for the preservation of the hair and 110 W LAND'S MACASSAR OIL is without doubt the best. It nourishes the hair, pre- vents it falling off or turning grey eradi ate 3 scurf, and arrests baldness. Also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s. 6d., 75., 10s. 6d. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Preservf s the hair.

RowLAND'S MAcisseß OlL.—Prevents tpildness. HOWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Prevents seve. -

OlL—Beautifies the hair.

Ask Itnywhere for ROWLAtDS MACAPPIAN OIL. of 20, Hatton Garden' and avoid cheap, worthless imitations.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
TilL AMINER,

LADIES' LETTER.

ME DEAREST NELLIE,

There are any number of materials to choose from for your Christmas evening gown, and they are all of them tempting. Lovely silks, satins, and velvet rank first for dinner and reception toilettes. There is a perfect craze for shot effects in velvet and silks, new tints being employed, such as pink toned with yellow, pale blue with grass green. Thin woollen materials in light shades of colour are being used to make inexpensive dresses for young girls, while muslins, silks, satins, spangled tulles, and gauzes are among the novelties for ball gowns. Beginning with dinner and recep- tion dresses, we find the skirts are invariably plain. They are lined through with stiff muslin, and set out in wide pleats at the back. Trains are considered quite out of fashion; all the new skirts just scrape the ground, and that is all. Much depends on the successful trimming of evening bodices when the skirts are so simple. Thick silks, velvets, and brocade should be made up in a stretched shape, so that they fit the figure accurately. The basque should be so short that it only just covers the waistband. The front of the bodice ually has some fulness. With evening dresses the coiffure is, of course, of supreme importance. In arranging your hair you should not simply borrow a coiffure that looked well on someone else; it may not be at all suited for you. Choose a style of hairdressing which harmonises with your face. The piquant smiling face, with nose retrousse, for instance, should be wreathed with curly locks, while the woman with classical features should adopt the Grecian style of hairdressing. Dark hair does not, as a rule, look well if too much curled or crimped. On the other hand, those who possess golden or reddish hair should wave it on each side, and puff it high in a fluffy mass. One of the most fashionable styles is an arrangement known as the artistic neglige style. This is really a revival of and old-time mode. The hair is carefully parted in the middle waved at the sides, and brought down over the ears. It is confined in a loose knot at the back, and fancy combs are thrust through the hair on either side to set it out and give a full, bushy appearance. A few little curls are allowed to stray over the forehead.

Then there is the Grecian coiffure I mentioned a moment ago; and this is more particularly suited to pale complexions. It would not, of course, suit any but refined features, so we are not likely to have our head-dresses copied by our Mary Janes. Strings of pearls are used in these coiffures, and they look very well in dark hair. These are not the only ornaments, of course, but with this coiffure no elaborate jewellery should be used, as it would be quite out of taste. Braided jackets a la militaire are becoming very popular. This is another feature of the Trilby craze which we have all got so badly now. Brown jackets are the ones which are usually braided— the braid being black, of course,—and it is used all down the front of the garment. though not quite so profusely as on actual military jackets. But the best way to know how much to use is to look at Mr. Du Maurier's drawing in his book. The

jacket I am thinking of just now has the cuffs braided too, the trimming reaching to the elbow, above which the sleeves are of the balloon character, A pretty hat to wear with this jacket is of black vel- vet trimmed with black feathers and black and white ribbon. A " Beefeater " would do equally well. There are some very charming ornaments for evening wear to be seen just now. The new floral garnitures are absolutely lovely, and the prettiest consist of a narrow wreath for edging a square or round d6colletage, these having natural-looking little trails depending nearly to the waist at front and back. A necklet of the same flowers encircles the throat, and a half wreath, with a fascinating aigrette, is prepared for the hair, and is adjusted round the left side of the coiffure. Neapolitan violets are first favourites, but tiny pink roses come next, while for Hebutantes there are snow- drops, daisies, or jonquils, all in the same style. Children's hats in cream silk, plush edged, and trimmed with Thibet, Persian lamb, or lambs-wool, also of cream colour, are perfectly irresistible this season, so, too, are some of the white and cream felts, for they are treated in the same manner and look exceedingly well with the upper brim edged

with a 2-inch band of Thibet. As to dresses, the accordion pleat is very popular, and very large yokes are worn. A very stylish accordion pleated costume has velvet yoke and adjustable collar embroidered with silk. It may be made in sage green, crimson and new blue wool. Your loving

Dishes of gold and silver used in table se' vice in 903 B.C. were found at Troy by Dr. Sehliemann. One of these was about th.e size now employed.

- - To MoTHEn.9.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as kbutton." Of all chemists, is. lid. per bottle.-4d14.

- , , • •-;'-,0 At- • • ,> /

Ma - g *-4 a....Zi, Ltt.-•,,;::::-;;;.1 v• "Al, t.v,.."... ix. CI V.; . ( ....., lityiceirgehat±..../11, Appa....... 1 ii , 0\ 14: 4 l Nll A il,v) • §i4 / Ay ',VA) 4 '.'o 6,y LI: , '(/A . !.:vg „ ~'. -:., __,.. ,••.. , ~ . I

• L- ,- ---i- - v 1 ,- \ 1 I ', N____ r .11 '..... , 1 ~..„..=?,.....0 lilt 4

===== 0002601_18960104_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
DAY JANUARY 4, 1896.

The coral Liu reef resemble!

Job, about and the art o

The only q rhynchus of Queen Viet Mohammedan

:lied, are animals. A coral - moues. • entions the weaver's shuttle

lays eggs is the ornitbe-

3S of India rules over more titan.

One quartei • -ople born die before six years, and oue-hatf 1. wey are sixteen. The newest billiard balls are made of cast steel. They are the same weight as ivory, and cost about eight shill- ings each.

_ Leap year falls in 1896, but will not occur again for eight years—twice the usual time. The year 1900 will not be a leap year.

Perfumes are injurious to the senses of smell. By their use the secretory glands are weakened and overtaxed, and the hearing, the throat, and lungs, and the seine of smell become affected.

It is said that the finest diamond ever found in Africa was discovered at Jagersfontein, in the Transvaal, on the 26th ult. Its weight is 634 carats, and its value when cut is estimated at £300,000.

. Some Good Eye Hints.

Dr. Sterling Ryerson Writes in the Canadian " Lancet" that shortness of sight is se essentially due to the abuse of the eye that he is constantly obliged to say "don't "to his patients and has formulated his prohibi- tions as follows :—Don't read in railway trains or vehi- cles in motion. Don't read laying down in a constrained position. Don't read by firelight, or twilight. Don't read by a flickering gaslight or candlelight. Don't read books printed en thin paper. Don't read books which have no space between the lines. Don't read for more than fifty minutes without stopping, whether the eyes are tired or not. Don't hold the reading close to the eyes. Don't study at night but in the morning, when you are fresh. Don't select you own glasses at the out- set. These rules, though some appear obvioug, are commonly sinned against. As a general rule, whatever tends to increase the quantity of blood in the organ favours the defect,and leads in extreme cases to detach- ment of the retina and blindness.

Crystal Heinz Fruits.

Few confections are more delicious than candied fruit. and few sweetmeats are more expensive. They. can be prepared at about half the cost, however, at home, if care is taken. Cherries, currants, pineapples, apricots, pears, and peaches are best experimented upon. The two former can he used in bunches; the pineapple is sliced across the fruit, each piece being a good quarter inch thick; apricots are cut onte side anti the stone slipped out, while pears and peso -11/011143 halved, and, of course, peeled. Make a very thick syrup, pound for pound, adding for each pound a small cup of water. Boil the sugar first, then drop in fruit, and when they have boiled clear take e;ut and drain from the syrup. If the cherries are stoned (the red oxhearts make the finest being not so sweet as the white, and without the rank tartness of the sour red ones),it is nice to string them on A broom splint, as they can be more cleverly handled. Sprinkle liberally with powdered sugar, lay on a sieve. and set the fruit in a warm oven. In two hours turn the fruit, sprinkle with sugar again. Keep this up until the sugar is all dripped out. Of no account have the oven hot, as it will dry the fruit and leave it like so much leather. And, of course, the fruit must be laid in single rows when drying. When the juice has evaporated and the sugar has formed a glazed surfacedout away in boxes in a dry place. Waxed paper should be laid between each laver. A bureau drawer is as good a place as any to keep them.

Artistic Floor-Staining. Floor-staining insteAd of carpets has become so popu- lar that the following few hints may probably be found useful. The floor should be stained brown in the usual way, and a diamond pattern, faur inches across and three inches from point to point, carried down the centre and painted over with black enamel. You must cut your diamonds out of stiff cardboard and keep them on the floor while you stain round them. It is necessary to be careful that your cardboard's diamonds are per- fect in shape, otherwise the pattern will not look well. When you have finished the middle of the border, cut some of your diamonds in half and make a border with them round the sides of the room, the points being turned inwards tewards the diamonds in the middle. Of course, this style of decoration can be carried out in a variety of ways. For instance, the green malachite stain looks quite charming when relieved by a huge red :seroTl down the centre; especially if matting is used as the floor covering. It brightens it up wonderfully; besides which, it wears very well, particularly if a coat of oak vanish is bestowed upon it when it is throug,hly dry. It is well to remember that green also looks very well wi th matting, or with a plain felt as a foil in the middle of your room. It is not advisable, however, to use it with a Brussels or tapestry carpet of different hues. These details require careful thinking out beforehand, or instead of improvement you will vulgarise the whole.and the colouring is everything in a home. It must he har- monious to produce that sense of brightness and beauty which is the aim of every home-loving woman. Much can be done with a few pence, and it is want of energy, as a rule, more than want of means, that makes the muddled sitting-room an eyesore instead of a relief to tired workers on their return from the day's labour.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Pearls Without Price.

Casual mention has been made of the beantiful pearls which Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt gave her daughter, Miss Consuelo,when she became Duchess of Marlborough but nothing like justice has ever been done to a c,llec- don which is undonbtedly the finest and most costly in the world. The pearls originally consisted of two strings one of these being historic and a part of the once glorious strand of Catharine of Russia. This string was about two yards long,and while the nearls are well matched,of great size and of good " skin" or brilliancy, they are nothing to be compared to the second string, which Wil- liam K. Vanderbilt;began to collect for his wife soon after their marriage. This now comprises the first loop, one design to be close to the throat, the second and third coils being long enough to hang down over the bodice of a dress, the whole string going three times around the neck.

These larger pearls are without equals in the world. and meAoure fully a half-inch in diameter. There are about 50 of them, and a conservative valuation has recently fixed them worth at from 15,000 dole, to 20,000 dots each .making the group cost nearfv 1,000,000 dots. Many years were occupied in the search for these beauti- ful gems, and Europe and the Orient were ransacked in an endeavour to procure the finest pearls in the world. Many of these larger pearls have also an historic interest apart from their great purity and value, being the choicest specimens of sweral great collections, the pride of many a harem, the despair of many an owner, who only parted with these treasures through necossity or greed. These pearls will undoubtedly make a sensation when worn abroad by the young Duchess of Marlborough whose graceful throat seems just designed to be so adorned. As they pass into the keeping of the Marl- boroughs these pearls may become an heirloom in that family, to be passed on from one generation to another, until the great string is onca more broken up and dis- persed, and some other millionaire sets out to make another collection for his wife.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TESTIMONIALS

Published on behalf of Rood's Sarsaparilla are as reliable and as worthy your confidence as if they came from your most trusted neighbour. They will stand the closest investigation. They are not purchased, nor are they from our employes, nor are they written up in our office. They are reliable statements from living people, end they prove be- yond a question the POSITIVE MERIT

of this great medicine. Try it. "For some time my little boy, three years old, had been troubled with eczema. Since taking Bond's :arsaparilla he has improved wonderfully. The complaint affected his eyes severely, but now they are entirely well. He has also rained a splendid appetite. I trust this will encourage others suffer- ing similarly to give Hood's Sarsaparilla a trial." ?Ans. ANNIE ELLIMAN, 14, Bunhill-road, Beckenham, S. E. A. BLOOD CLEANSER.

" Messrs. C. T. Hood & Co., "34, Snow Hill, London, E.C. : " I bought a bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla for my son. He had pimples on his neck and body, and lam pleased to inferm you that one bottle has taken them all away. He seems all right now, and if at any time he or any of my family requires anything for cleansing the blood, I shall send for some more of Hood's Sarsaparilla at once. I can confidently recommend Hood's Sarsaparilla as a blood cleanser." NITER LOCKWOOD, Market-street, Paddock, Huddersfield.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
HOOD'S FOR RHEUMATISM.

"I have much pleasure in recommending Hood's Sarsaparilla, as a cure for rheumatic pains in the limbs. I have suffered from that complaint for the past eighteen months, but after taking a few bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla have derived much benefit from it.' C. E. TERRETT.3S, Tinwell-street, Easton-rcad, Bristol. HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA

Is sold by chemists, or sent post paid, price 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d., by C. I. Hood and Co., 34, Snow Hill, London, E.C. HOOD'S PILLS Cure all Liver Ills Billiousnes, is. lid.

(No. 2).

===== 0002601_18960104_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIDDEN HAND;

CAPITOLA TIIE MADCAP. BY Mits. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH.

CHAPTER XVII. ANOTHER STORM AT HURRICANE HALL.

"At this, Sir Knight grew high in wroth, And lifting hands and eyes up both, Three times he smote on stomach stout, From whence, at length, fierce words broke out." —iIUDIBRA2I.

The moon was shining full upon the river and the household beyond, when Capitola dashed into the water, and amid the sparkling and the leaping of the foam, made her way to the other bank, and rode up the rugged ascent. On the outer side of the lawn wall, the moonbeams fell full upon the little figure of Pitapat, waiting there. "Why, Patty, what takes you out so late as this?" asked Capitola, as she rode up to the gate. "Oh, Miss Caterpillar, I 'se waitin' for you! Ole liaise is dreadful, he is! jes fit to burst the shingles offen the roof with swearing! So I come out to warn you, so you can steal in the back way and go to yeur rooms so he won't see you, and I'll go and send Wool to put your horse away, and then I 'll bring you up some supper, and tell Ole Marse lbow you've been home ever so long, and gone to bed with a werry bad headache." " Thank you, Patty. It is perfectly astonishing, bow easy lying is to you. You really deserve to have been born in Rag Alley. But I won't trouble the Recording Angel to make another entry against you on my account." "Yes, Miss," said Pitapat, who thought that her mistress was complimenting her. "And now, Patty, stand out of my way. Una going to ride straight up to the horse-block, dis- mount, and walk right into the presence of Major Warfield 1" said Capitola, passing through the gate. "Oh, Miss Caterpillar, don't don't! he'll kill you, so he will 1" "Who 's afeared?" muttered Cap to herself, as she put her horse to his mettle, and rode gaily through the evergreens, up to the horse-block, where she sprang down lightly from her saddle. Gathering up her train with one hand and tossing back her head, she swept along toward the house with the air of a young princess. There was a vision calculated to test her firmness. Reader did you ever see see a raging lion tearing to and fro the narrow limits of his cage, and occa- sionally shaking the arrpilfitheatre with his tremend- ous roar? or a furious 'bull tossing his head or tail, and ploughing up the earth with his hoofs as he careered back and forth between the boundaries of his pen If you have seen and noted these mad brutes, you may form some faint idea of the frenzy of Old Hurricane, as he stormed up and down the floor of the front pi-,zza. Cap had just escaped an actual danger of too terrble a character to be frightened now by sound and fury. Composedly she walked up into the porch, and said: " Good evening, uncle." The old man stopped short in his furious strides, and glared upon her with his terrible eyes. Cap stood fire without bienching, merely remark- ing: "Now I have no doubt that in the days when you went battleing, that look used to strike terror into the heart of the enemy, but it doesn't into mine, somehow !" _ _ .

. _ " !" roared the old man, bringing down his cane with a resounding thump upon the floor; "Miss! how dare you have the impudenca to face me, much less the the—the assurance I—the effrontery I—the audacity! the brass to speak to me !" "Weil, I declare," said Cap, calmly untying her hat, "this is the first time I ever heard it was impudent in a little girl to give her uncle good evening." The old man trotted up and down the piazza two or three turns, then stopping short before the delinquent, he struck his cane down upon the floor with a ringing stroke, and thundered: " YOUNG WOMAN I tell me instantly, and without prevarication, where you have been ? " "Certainly, sir; 'going to and fro in the earth, and walking up and down in it! " said Cap, quietly. "FLAMES AND FURIES, that is no answer at all! Where have you been ? " roared Old Hurricane, shaking with excitement. "Look here, uncle. if you go on that way you'll have a fit presently 1" said Ca!:, calmly. "WHERE HAVE YOIT DEENA " thundered Old Hurricane. "Well, since you will know—just across the river, and through the woods and back again 1" "And eidn't 1 Forbid you to do that, minion? and how dare you disobey me? You, the creature of my bounty ! you the miserable little vagrant that I picked up in the alleys of New York, and tried to make a young lady of; but an old proverb says—'You can't make a salken purse out of a pig's ear 1 ' How dare you, you little beggar, disobey your benefactor I—a man of my age, character and poi Lion " Old Hurricane turned abruptly, and raged up and down the piazza. At this time Capitola had been standing quietly, holding up her train with one hand and her riding hat in the other. At this last insult she raised her dark grey eyes to his face with one long, indignant, sorrowful gaze, then turning silently away, and entering the house, she left Old Hurricane to storm up and down the piazza until he had raged himself to rest.

Reader! I do not defend, far less approve, poor Cap I I can tell her story and describe her as I have seen her, leaving her to your chaiitable interpretat:on. Next morning Capitola came down into the breakfast-room with one idea promiilent in her hard, little head—to which she ineutall7 gave expression: "Well as I like that old man, he must not permit himself to talk to me in that indecent strain, and so he must be made to know."

When she entered the breakfast-room, she found Mrs. Condiment already at tha kead or the table, and old Hurricane at the foot. He had quite got over his rage, and turned around blandly to welcome his ward, saying: "Good-morning, Cap." Without taking the slightest notice of the salu- tation, Cap sailed on to her seat. "Hump'n I did you hear me say, Good-morning,' Cap?" Without paying the least attention, Capitola reached out her hand and took a cup of coffee from Mrs. Condiment. "Humph! Humph! GOOD-MORNING, Capitola 1" said old Hurricane, widi marked emphasis. Apparently without hearing him, Cap helped her- self to a buckwheat-cake, and daintily buttered it. "Humph I humph humph! well, as you said yourself, a dumb devil, is better than a speaking one 11" ejaculated Old Hurricane, as he sat down and subsided into silence. Doubtless the old man would have flown into another passion, had that been possible; but, in truth, he had spent so much vitality in rage number one, that he had none left to sustain rage number two. Besides, he knew it would be necessary to blow up Bill Ezy, his lazy overseer, before night, and perhaps saved himself for that performance. He finished his meal in silence, and went out. Cap finished hors; and, "tempering justice with mercy," went up stairs to his room, and looked over all his appointments and belongings to find what she could do for his extra comfort; and found a job in newly-lining his warm slippers, and the sleeves of his dressing-gown. They met again at the dinner-table. "How do you do, Cap 1" said Old Hurricane, as he took his seat. Capitola poured out a glass of water and drank it In silence, and without looking at him. 'Oh! very well! a dumb devil, &c.,'" exclaimed Old Hurricane, addressing himself to his dinner. When the meal was over they again separated. The old man went to his study to examine his farm books, and Capitola back to her chamber to finish lining his warm slippers. Again at tea they met. "Well, Cap, is the dumb devil' cast out yet 2" be said, sitting down. Capitola took a cup of tea from Mrs. Condiment and passed it on to him in silence. "Humph, not gone yet, eh ?—poor girl! how it must try you 1" said Old Hurricane. After supper the old man found his dressing-gown and slippers before the fire all ready for his use. "Cap, you monkey! you did this," he said, turning around. But Capitola had already left the room. Next morning at breakfast there was a repetition of the same scene. Early in the forenoon Major Warfield ordered his horses, and, attended by Wool, rode up to Tip-Top. He did not return either to dinner or tea, but as that circumstance was not unusual it gave no uneasiness. MIL Condiment kept his supper warm, and Capitola had his dressing- gown and slippers ready. She was turning them before the fire when the iga mau arrived, He ..cape 42,ulte gaily. sad= 11,

"Now, Cap, I think I haVe fotincf-a (cr,lisnian- at last to cast out that 'dumb devil.' I heard you wishing for a watch the other day. Now, as devils belong to eternity, and have no business with time, of course the sight of this little time-keeper must put yours to flight!" and Po saying he laid upon the table, before the eyes of Capitola, a beautiful little gold watah and chain. She glanced at it, as it lay glittering and sparkling in the lamp-light, and then turned abruptly and walked away. " Humph ! that's always the way the devils do ! fly when they can't stand shot." Capitola deliberately walked back, laid a paper over the little watch and chain, as if to cover its fascinating sparkle and glitter, and said: "Uncle, your bounty is large, and your present Is beautiful; but there is something that poor Capitola values more than that--" She paused, dropped her head upon her bosom, a sudden blu-h fl -trued up over her face, and tear drops glistened in her downcast, eyes; she put both hands before her burning face for a moment, and then dropping them, resumed: "Uncle 1 you rescued me from misery, and per- haps, perhaps early death ! you have heaped benefits and bounties upon me without measure 1 you have placed me in a home a abundance, honour, and security I for all this, if I were mot grateful, I should deserve no less than death 1 But, uncle, there is a sin that is worse, or at least more ungenerous, than ingratitude 1 it is to put a helpless fellow creature under heavy obligations, and then treat that grateful creature with undeserved con- tempt and cruel unkindness 1" Once more her voice was choked with feeling. For some reason or other, Capitola's tears, per- haps because they were so rare, always moved Old Hurricane to his heart's centre; going towards tier softly he said: "Now, my dear, now my child, now my little Cap, you know it was all for your own good 1 Why, my dear, I never for one instant regretted bringing you to the house, and I wouldn't part with you for a kingdom Come now, my child, come to the heart of your old uncle." Now the soul of Capitola naturally abhorred senti- ment! If ever she gave way to serious emotion, she was sure to avenge herself by being more capricious than before. Consequently flinging herself out of the caressing arms ot Old Hurricane, she exclaimed:

"Uncle! I won't be treated with both kicks and halfpennies by the same person—and so I tell you. I'm not a cur to .be fed with roast-beef and beaten with a stick I nor, nor, nor a Turk's slave to be caressed and oppressed as her master likes I—Such abuse as you heaped upon me, I never heard—no, not even in Rag Alley." "Oh, my dear, my dear for Heaven's sake forget Rag Alley.'' "1 -'t!---- I vow I'll go back to Rag Alley, for a 1

won go 0h,.. very little more! Freedom and peace are even sweeter than wealth and honours 1" "Ah, but I wouldn't let you, my little Cap.' "Then I'd have you up before the nearest magis- trate, to show by what right you detained me 1 Ah, ha! I wasn't brought up in New York for nothing!" " Whee-ew and all this because, for her own good, I gave my own niece and ward a little gentle admonition." "Gentle admonition Do you call that gentle ad- monition ? Why, uncle, you are enough to frighten most people to death with your fury! You are a perfect dragon! a griffin! a Russian bear! a Bengal tiger! a Numidian lion! I declare if I don't write and ask some menagerie man to send a party down here to catch you for his show. You'd draw, I tell you 1" "Yes! especially with you for a keeper to stir me up once in a while with a long pole I" "And that I'd engage to do—cheap 1" The entrance of Mrs. Condiment with the tea-tray put an end to the controversy. It was, as yet, a drawn battle. "And what about the watch, my little Cap?" "Take it back, uncle, if you please." "But they won't have it back 1 it has got your Initials engraved upon it—look here," said the old man, holding the watch to her eyes. "C. L. N. Those are not my initials," said Capitola, looking up with surprise. "Why, so they are not! the blamed fools have made a-mistake I—but you'll have to take it, Cap." "No, uncle, keep it for the present," said Capitola, who was too honest to take a gift that she felt she did not deserve, and yet too proud to confess as much.

_ _ Peace was proclaimed—for the present. Alas! 'twas but of short continuance. During these two days of coolness and enforced quietude Old Hurricane had gathered a store of bad humours that required expenditure. So the very next day something went wrong upon the farm, and Old Hurricane came storming home, driving his overseer, poor, old, meek Billy Ezy and his man Wool, before him. Billy Ezy was whimpering; Wool was sobbing aloud; Old Hurricane was roaring at them both as he drove them on before him—swearing Ezy should go and find himself a new home, and Wool should go seek another master. And for this cause Old Hurricane was driving them on to his study, that he might pay the over- seer his last quarter's salary, and give the servant a written order to find a master. He raged past Capitola in the hall, and meeting Mrs. Condiment at the study door, ordered her to bring in her account book directly, for that he would not be imposed upon any longer, but meant to drive all the lazy, idle, dishonest eye-servants and time-servers from the house and land! "What's the matter now 2" said Capitola meet- ing her. "Oh, child, he's in his terrible tantrums again He gets jut o these ways every once in a while, when a young calf perishes, or a sheep is stolen, or any- thing else goes amiss, and then he abuses us all for a pack of loiterers, sluggards and thieves, and pays us off and orders us off. We don't go, of course, because we know he doesn't mean it; still, it is very trying to be talked to so. Oh! I should go, but, Lord, child! he's a bear, but we love him." Just as she spoke the study door opened, and Bill liCzy came out sobbing, and Wool, lifting up his voice and fairly roaring. Mrs. Condiment stepped out of the parlour door. "What's the matter, you blockhead 7" she asked of Wool. "0! 800-hoo-woo I Ole Marse been and done end gone and guy me a line to find an—an—another ....-Boe-hoo-woo!" sobbed Wool, ready to break his beart. "Give you a line to find another 800-boo-woo! I wouldn't do it if I were you, Wool 1" said Capitola. "Give me the paper, Wool," said Mrs. Condi- ment, taking the " permit " and tearing it up, b.nd adding: "There! now you go home to your quarter, and keep out of your old master's sight until he gets over his anger, and then you know very well that it will be all right. There go along with you." Wool quickly got out of the way, and made room for the overseer, who was snivelling like a whipped school-boy, and to whom the housekeeper said: "I thought you were wiser than to take this so to heart, Mr. Ezy I " "Oh, mum! what could you expect 7—an old narvint as has sarved the major faithful these forty years, to be discharged at sixty-five I Oh! hoo-000-000 1" whimpered the overseer. "But then you have been discharged so often, you ought to be used to it by this time! you get discharged just as Wool gets sold—about once a month but do you ever go?" "Oh, mum! but he's in airnest this time 'deed he is, mnm terrible in airnest 1 and all about that misfortnet bob-tail 'colt getting stole! I know how it wur some of Black Donald's garg as done It! As If I could always be on my guard against they devils! And he means it this time. mum! He's terrible in airnest I " " Tut 1 he's always in earnest for as long as it lasts! Go home to you family and to-morrow go about your business, as usual." Here the study bell rang violently and Old Hurricane's voice was heard calling—" Mrs. Condi- ment! Mrs. Condiment!" "Oh, lor I he coming!" cried Bill Ezy, running off as fast as age and grief would let him. "Mrs. Condiment 1 Mrs. Condiment I" nailed the Voice. "Yes, sir I yes "answered the housekeeper, hurry- ing to obey the call. Capitola walked up and down the hall for half an hour, at the end of which Mrs. Condiment came out "with a smile on her lip and a tear in her eye," and saying: "Well, Miss Capitola, I'm paid off and discharged also!"

"What for? " "For aiding and abetting the rebels I in a word, for trying to comfort poor Ezy and Wool." "And are you going 7" " Certainly not! I sha'n't budge! 1 would not treat the old man so badly as to take him at his word 1" and, with a strange smile, Mrs. Condiment hurried away just in time to escape Old Hurricane, who came raving out of the study. "Get out cf my way, you beggar !" he cried, pushing past Oapitola, and hurrying from ths Wm.

"Well, I declare, that was pleasant!" thouglit Cap. as she entered the parlour. "Mrs. Condiment, what will he say when be comes back and finds you all here still. " she asked. "Say 7—nothing. After this passion is over, fat will be so exhausted that he will not be able to geo tap another rage in two or three days." "Where has he gone ?"

"To Tip-Top; and alone, too; he was so mad with poor Wool that he wouldn't even permit hiril to attend." "Alone 9 has he gone alone I Oh, won't I give him a dose when he comes back 7" thought Capitols.. Meanwhile Old Hurricane stormed along towardS Tip-Top, lashing off the poor dogs that wished to follow him, and cutting at every living thing that crossed his path. His business at the village was to get bills printed and posted, offering an additional reward for the apprehension of "the marauding outlaw Black Donald." That day, he dined at the village tavern—" The Antlers," by Mr. Merry—and differed, disputed, or quarrelled, as the case might be, with every man whom he happened to come in contact with.

Towards evening he set off for home. It was much later than his usual hour of returning; but he felt weary, exhausted and indisposed to come into his own dwelling where his furious temper had created so much unhappiness. Thus, though it was very late, he did not hurry; he almost hoped that every one might be in bed when he should return. The moon was shining brightly when he passed the gate and rode up the evergreen avenue to the horse- block in front of the house. There he dismounted and walked up into the piazza, where a novel vision met his surprised gaze. It was C4pitola, walking up and down the floor, with rapid, almost masculine strides, and apparently in a state of great excitement. "Oh, is it you, my little Cap? Good evening, my dear," he said, very kindly. Capitola "pulled up" in her striding walk, wheeled around, faced him, drew up her form, folded her arms, threw back her head, set her teeth, and glared at him. " What the demon do you mean by that " cried Old Hurricane. _ _ _ _ _

" SIR " she exclaimed, bring down one foot with a sharp stamp—" SIR, how dare you have the impudence to face me, much less the—the—the— the brass the bronze! the coPru to speak to me ? " "Why, what in the name of all the lunatics ID Bedlam dees the girl mean 7 Is she crazy " exclaimed the old man, gazing upen her in astonish' ment. Capitola turned and strode furiously up and clown the piazza, and then, stopping suddenly and facing him, with a sharp stamp of her foot, exclaimed: "OLD GENTLEMAN, tell me instantly, and without prevarication, where have you been?" "To the demon with you! what do you mean? have you taken leave of your senses ? " demanded Old Hurricane. Capitola strode up and down the floor a few times, and stopping short and shaking her fiat, exclaimed:

"DIDN'T you know, you headstrong, recklese, desperate, frantic veteran didn't you know the jeopardy in which you placed yourself by riding out alone at this hour ? Suppose three or four great runaway negresses had sprung out of the bushes-- and—and—" She broke off, apparently for want of breath, and strode up and down the floor; then, pausing sud- denly before him, with a stern stamp of her foot and a fierce glare of her eye, she continued: "You shouldn't have come back here any more! No dishonoured old man should have entered the house of which I call myself the mistress!" "Oh, I take I take! ha! ha! ha! Good, Cap, good You are holding up the glass before me; but your mirror is not quite large enough to reflect 'Old Hurricane,' my dear—' I owe you one,' " said the old man, as he passed into the house, followed by his capricious favourite.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued.)

Chicago retains its oil reputation as the city where divorces can be more quickly obtained than anywhere else in the world. A fortnight ago five judges granted a hundred divorces in three hours there, an average of twenty divorces to each juege, and nine minutes te each divorce. There was evidently considerable truth in tbe cry of a railroad porter at the Chicago station: " Change here for all Western cities. Plenty of time to have your lunch or get divorced before the train starts ! "

===== 0002601_18960104_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAGUE OF LiF

A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Cough. Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USIO ° HALL'S: FOR INFLUENZA LUNG p ESTORER -a-tJ Registered AND ALL UIIEST 1 1.,' AND THROA, RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSEISSESTHE POO!, LUNG to Sooinn, RELIEVE is°o HEAL, which exists in 0 RESTORER other preparation. FOR COUGHS LUNG RESTORER on COLO. Never Falls. It NEVER FAILS to CitSrli LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE .., Is A SOOTHING PRP' LUNG LUDE TO THE CURE. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. L"G DOES NOT CONT.AIN I ESTORER LAUDANUM. OPIUM. or _mu Never Falls moRpHIA• T LUNG FOR W HOCING RESTORER Col7oll* LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHARS' pESTORER Children like it. A L Never Fails ONE 132 D. B°lll'll. ILA LL'S L"' p ESTORER PROVES ITS VALUE' a U Registered ESTABLISHED 40 vall' GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF FAILS FALLS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BRARER:-- Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—' DEAR SIR,—I am pleased,,,,7o testify toßhe great benefit derived from the use of your RESTORER, which I have given to !several children my Home—in two cases part:lularly its effects were marv:e'd lons having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be Plea to recommend it to all my fricnds. ,s CAUTION.- When you ask, ask for a Bottle of HAL", R LUNG RESTORER, dont be persuaded to wrept anYthiTe else. Upon the outside -wrapper of every genuine pott tt,;pears my Trade Mark (ft, figure of HOPE) and signature Beware of fraudulent imitation!. .nd innovations. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in Doan. is. Thci.and 25. 91. Should there be any difficult:l in obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of P. .0, for the amount, from TH. OS, HALL, 24,11. Queen View' street, London.

THE

EXTE: Ha \ MARI MAG 2 THE

GE ..,

SUPER] note( Mons, hot 'Which un Condition offer is co City, and or damag, consequei number o aolutely n alteration pounds. the showr tions, am tomers tl store the ton ; in room suit desks, Si davenpor steads, b pletely seen exc( 44, Oldh; which w

NEW RI

And oth(

rpii R fc -& vell, free of ch

And, last

Every , Prevents in order t

LOT 2; con and coue board to sale pric4 Three ot vare, ep Charmin America are 13, 2; aulte mc all on vi View. C duly pre tlemen • attended eal Furn Bank), Note.- cent. exi

LOT 9' lea lolly car tWo eat' Most lu3 Iralnutm Price, 2E Anoth leather. lolled. Only 9gB Anoth Sideboat Offer dui baspecti

I°f6 I a b Inspect i equalled glass do, the full. match, chairs, box, om was £lO £125 for 27gs. E which a each Su dressing support, it also drawers marble rail, pcl suite al price, lf Invited, require(

Note.. extra DA ST.

We n eau insi Purnitt alps LE 4n hair BPanish t;Phoist Aruerie 'ft3l- chs '4ahoga D.air of 'our gu l'ocking Stated cl kit& Prices. tables f Nrith hi; £ll. for nothet Prices a UtlIVl

. - kitchen everyth Others I less, adverti: 24 guin, More, they ar

SEO( SOLD. GE: To 1

GE]

se. utt

for ettl: levis It Kiic6l nials 1001 (3)

AtiTi;

GERSHON, next to the ADELPIII BANK, 44, OLDHAM-STREET.

BE CAREFFL SECOND-HAND FURNITURE is being advertised, soLDa.nd COMMON NEW LONDON RUBBISH IS BEING GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE. TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.-! CONTINUE TO PAY CARRIAGE ON ALL ORDERS. ItNITURE TAKEN IN EXCHANGE OR PURCHASED

NOTE ADDDESS— GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING AR- CADE is next to the Adelphi Bank. 49, OLDHA3I-STEEET, MANCHESTER.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR

COUGHS, COLD-S, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE

CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared onl by GEORGE RADE, 72, GOSWEL -ROAD .LONDON, And sold everywhere Tins is 1 each. Post free from tlle Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or /33stal Order.

A FAMILY SKELETON.

" Consumption in the family "has been a menace tp countless hordes of people. It hangs over familes like a black, threatening cloud, casting gloom all about, and sometimes persuading people they have the disease when they haven't. And yet it is doubtful if Consump- tion is inherited. Some of our very highest authorities say it is not.

Mrs. M. B. Irons, I, Northgaie, Huddersfield, hit the nail on the head when she wrote : " my children, three little boys, were all born with a tendency to weak lungs."

This weak tendency is what children of Consumptive parents inherit. But they are no more unfortunate than the majority of other children in the world inherit a weak tendency of some sort, and urless they get their vitality up to normal, they are as likely to have Con- sumption as the children of Consumptive parents. The truth is, any form of wasting disease is likely to take possession ot a weak constitution, whether the victim be baby, child, or adult. Read what Mrs. Irons says : "1, NORTHGATE, HUDDERSFIELD, "Sept. 25th, 1895.

"Messrs. SCOTT & BORNE. Ltd., "47, Farringdon Street, London, E.C.

"GENTLEMEN,-It has been my misfortune to have Consumption in my family, and my children, three little boys, were all born with a tendency to weak lungs. I have already used Scott's Emulsion as a family remedy, and have found that it meets the requirements of a family like mine perfectly. "The first time that I used Scott's Emulsion was in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. My husband was then suffering from Hemorrhage of the Lungs. and Scott's Emulsion proved very valuable in his case, easing the cough almost immediately. In case of his taking cold, he took it for months together, and received great bene- fit from it.

"My second son was born in Port Elizabeth, and almost immediately after his birth I took the fever. My baby was taken away from me, and although he had the best of nurses and the best of care, he never made any progress. At six months old he was a poor, puny baby, and at this time we commenced to give him Scott's Emulsion. We found that the first bottle did him a great deal of good. He was much stronger and healthier and showed more vitality in every way. We used to rub Scott's Emulsion into his chest, and we found that this did him good also. I can say that all of my children have taken Scott's Emulsion, and I think that it has been the means of saving their lives and making them healthy and strong as they are at present. Scott's Emulsion have been the means of overcoming their natural weakness of lungs. They do not now show any of the wasting tendencies which were manifes t when they were babies. "I have had many opportunities of observing the effects of Scott's Emulsion, and I can truly say that it is a remarkable curative agent for Throat and Lung com- plaints. It overcomes the emaciation always present in lung diseases, and cures the local inflammation of the lungs. For weak chests, coughs or colds, or any weak- ness or want of vitality, it is invaluable. I take it always when I feel" run down," and it has never failed me, either in personal use or for my children. It is a wonderful remedy. "Yours very truly, M. B. IRONS."

===== 0002601_18960104_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR J. T. BRUNNER, M.P., ON THE ARMENIAN QUESTION.

On Monday night the members of the Chester Liberal party held a banquet, in celebration of Mr. Gladstone's birthday, at the Chester and Counties Liberal Club, Watergate-street, Chester. Sir John Brunner, M.P., amidst loud applause, proposed the health of "The Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone." Referring to the chair- man's remarks that he (Sir John Brunner) was the only Liberal representative of Cheshire, he said he was pain- fully aware of the solitary gradeur of his position in the county, but he hoped that the gathering that night was an earnest augury of better things to come for the Liberal party. (Applause.) He mentioned that their object was to commemorate the birthday of the greatest leader the Liberal party had ever bad. Ile hoped they would send a hearty message of their good wishes that his health might be preserved, and that he might Eve a happy life, the one thing that a man of his age needed in this world. (Applause.) He (Sir John Brunner) was a grandfather, and he knew that when a man became one his main hope was in the happiness of his family (Applause.) They spoke of Mr. Gladstone as their leader, and there was no doubt that though be was re- tired from office and living a family life he was still their leader. (Loud applause.) To him the whole world had looked and not only the party fer advice and guidance during the past few weeks. It was the most touching incident of Mr. Gladstone'a position and it was most gratifying to those who had always been his loyal followers; it was the strongest proof to all those who had decried him that he was not only the leader of the Liberal party but the leader of humanity throughout the ' world. (Loud applause.) He would say in the name of those present, and on his own behalf, that he cordially welcomed the Duke of Westminster back as a follower of Mr. Gladstone—(loud applause)—for what the duke had done in connection with the Armenian question en- titled him to their gratitude and respect. That morning there had been a couple of letters in the newspapers on the subject, one from Mr. Gladstone and the other from , Lord Rosebery. The latters's letter did his heart credit, and he (Sir John Brunner) was cordially pleased to see it. hut he regretted to say that be did not follow Lord Rosebery to the end of his letter. He did not arrive with the same satisfaction at the conclusion that it was his duty at present to be silent, and to wait for the opening of Parliament. II would ask to be allowed to lay before Lord Rosebery one aspect of this great question which had not yet been publicly pressed upon the attention of the people of this country. He meant that oar Govern- ment had not published official or consular reports from Armenia during the past three and a half years. During the session from January to June last Mr. Francis Step- henson and a few colleagues pressed the Government to publish these reports,but the request was never acceded to. He would ask Lord Rosebery, in spite of the fact that the Government had refused to produce these re- ports, to press upon the Government, and especially up- on Lord Salisbury as Prime Minister and Foreign Secre- tary, that those reports should be published. He asked that Lord Rosebery should go a step further and ask that the Government should invite all the Governments hav- ing consular representatives in Asia Minor to publish the reports which had been received from those agents. Lord Rosebery told them that it might be the Govern- ment was facing the alternative of abandon- ing the Armenians or enduring an European war. He (Sir John Brunner) could not accept that alternative until our Government had made an effort, and had done its own duty in publishing its consular reports, and made the appeal to the civilised Governments of the world. Not until the Goveinment of Great Britain bad appealed to the Government of the world, and through them to the people of Christendom, and to all humanity could he allow that they were facing the alternative of an European war. He was one of those who were not profound believers in secret diplomacy or for the necessity of absolute secrecy in matters of foreign policy. They had had an excellent lesson in what had occurred between America and England within the last fortnight. We had been our own foreign ministers. As to whether there should be war or not he was satisfied that if the people of Great Britain were appealed to there would be no fear of war in Europe, but; there would be an unanimous demand from our countrymen that the Armenians should be saved, no matter what the risk might be. (Loud applause.) He commended the Bishop of Chester for the message he had forwarded to New York, for it was one of the most eloquent and earnest telegrams which had been sent from England. Con- cluding, Sir John Brunner said they all wished Mr. Gladstone health, a happy family life,and that to the end he might preserve his bright, his brave, and his noble spirit. They accorded Mr. Gladstone their veneration, and sent him their love. (Loud and continued applause.) The toast was drunk amid enthusiasm, and three hearty cheers were given for Mr. Gladstone.

Late on Saturday night a huge warehouse in Claypit- lane, Leeds, occupied by Messrs. Hepworth and Co wholesale clothiers, was found to be on fire. A stron body of firemen strove to distinguish the flames, but had eventually to allow the building to go while they tried to save the adjoinine property. In spite of their efforts, a volunteer drill hall and a house took fire, but these minor outbreaks were soon overcome. Messrs. Hepworth's place was totally destroyed, and damage es- timated at £60,000 was done. About ? tbousand people will be thrown out of employment. A severe snowstorm, the heaviest of the season,passeti over Central and Western Perthshire on Saturday. In the evening snow-ploughs had to be used to render vehicular traffic practicable.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOWN BY THE CURES!

Sufferers from a'nvel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseas,s of Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices is. f all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOMMTD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaten, Yorks. Don't be put off, If you cannot get them write;to [the Proprietor and a box Will b e seat uext post.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY EVENING CONCERT IN PARR HALL.

Another off the series of concerts for the people was given in Parr Hall, Warrington, on Saturday even- ing, but the attendance was again only moderate. It has been remarked on previous occasions that the plat- form of the:Hall looked depressingly bare when not used for orchestral purposes, therefore, the provision of a large number of plants and shrubs from the Town Hall, proved a much appreciated piece of thoughtfulness. The artistes looked considerably less isolated and the effect was also a relief to the eye. A lengthy programme had been compiled, while the artistes engaged were each and all of superior merit, and included Miss Marie Burnett (soprano, of the London and Glasgow Concerts), Miss May Wayman (contralto, of the Manchester, Liverpool, and Provincial Concerts), Mr. George Barton (the Lan- cashire tenor), Mr. Eaton Batty (baritone, of the Lon- den and Provincial Concerts), Mr.F.Weston (solo violon- cello: Sir Charles Hallii's and De Jong's Orchestra, &c.), Mr. G. Theakstone, (humorist), and Mr. F. Moss accompanist. All acquitted themselves admirably, and it is difficult to make any selection, though perhaps Miss Wayman was the more popular of the two ladies. Mr. Theakstone, as humorist, was a great success, and his "Laughing Song" (original), surpassed considerably the many that have been given in Warrington of late. "He went to a Party,"" I'm so Unhappy," and "The Dandy Coloured Coon." were also sung by him in first- class style. Mr. Frank Weston played up to his reputation, and his selections " Spanischer Tana" (Popper). " Nocturne " (Chopin) and "Dense Hollan- daise" (Dunkley), were all interpreted with fine expres- sion and skill, the latter being encored. Miss Wayman's voice appeared specially suited to the music of the favourite songs of "The Holy City" and "Killarney," and her renditions of them met with the warmth of reception they merited. Mr. Eaton Batty possesses a very powerful voice and "Comrades to Anna" and "The Naval Brigade" were sung by him in a manner both vigorous and masterly. There was also no mistak- ing tbe fact that Mr. George Barton understood to the full the capabilities of a tenor voice and the audience would not be denied an encore for his first song "The Amhor's Weighed," while "The Bay of Biscay" in his hands proved almost as captivating. In addition to the solos there was the part-song " I love my love in the morning," in which Miss Wayman, Miss Burnett. Mr. Barton and Mr. Batty all assisted; the duet" Prithee, Pretty Maiden" was rendered by Miss Burnett and 1111 r. Batty in a meritorious manner; " Home to our Moun- tains" from " Trovatore" was a treat, the voices of Miss Wayman and Mr. Barton mingling harmoniously. The programme concluded with the q•lartette "Good Night Beloved," in which the same four artistes participated. During the whole evening the items on the programme sustained the interest and enjoyment of the audience, and the concert was in every way one of the best miszel- aneous concerts given in Warrington since the Parr Hall opened. Judged an its merits the whole entertainment was worthy of "a crowded house," and the people of Warrington by not attending in larger numbers to these concerts are missing fan excellent means of recreation in the shape of good music at a cheap rate.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Warrington are still unable t) beat Oldham, and wi'l now have to wait for another season before they yet another chance to beat the team which represents Spindledom. This team is the one team which of late years has always proved too much for Warrington, and do what they will Warrington cannot lick them. For four consecutive seasons, Oldham have had the better of Warrington, for daring the time they have won every match except two and those were draws. This year Oldham have won both fixtures, though the total num- ber ot points is less than in previous years. Last year Oldham won the first match by 29 points to three, and the second was a draw of six points each, making a total of 35 points to nine. This year the total is 9 points to nil. Of course victory was hardly expected on Saturday as six of the usual players were absent from the Warrington team.

It is astonishing how bad weather dogs the Warring- tonians whenever they go to Oldham. Last year was the only fine day they have ever spent there. Previous to then, the matches usually had to be cancelled or else fought under circumstances the reverse of pleasant. Although the weather fiend was kind on that occasion, the return match at Warrington had to be postponed on account of the frost. This year the weather was simply fearful at Oldham, and the players were soaked through before the match began.

The play itself, what there was of it, was chiefly in favour of Warrington. and it was more by luck than anything else that Oldham scored their one try. War- rington had plenty of bard lines, if any comfort is to be got out of this, and ought to have scored on several occasions. Burrows in particular had very bad luck, for he was only robbed after a grand dribble, just as be was on the point of scoring. It is getting time that War- rington's luck began to turn for they almost invariably play a good game, but are never favoured by fortune.

It was forward chiefly that Warrington were superior to Oldham. The Warrington forwards were much smarter than their opponents in every way, and it is a good sign that they have been improving every week. Burrows was the best of the lot, his dribbling being a treat to witness. Nevins. Barrett, and Wilcock were not far behind. Had the full strength of the Warrington forwards been there, the Oldhatners would have been made to" it up."

Varley and A. Lees were not up to their usual form on Saturday, and did nothing of any note. The bulk of the half back work on the Warrington side fell to Houghton, Clark having comparatively little to do. Houghton was in form on Saturday, and played the correct game under the circumstances, that of kick and rush, and he was very smart indeed at this. He was accused very much by the Oldham players of playing off side but be appar- ently kept just on side, for the referee appeared to be satisfied. ---

The threequarters were at a discount owing to the weather. Passing was completely out of the question, and neither side did anythinl worthy of note. Lawless was about the best of the Warrington backs,though there was very little in them. Scott was not a success at full back, and it was a mistake to put an untried man in that responsible position. He is a very good player in his right place of centre threequarters, but he has had no experience of full back play, and, therefore, cannot be held responsible for the mistakes he made. He,how- ever, made one really clever save. How he would have shaped had he had much to do, it would be diffi cult re say. He had as it happened comparatively little to do. It was a really good performance of a crippled team like Warrington to go to Oldham and only get beaten by a try. Had the full strength been on, a vic- tory would most likely have resulted.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
I'ENKETH.

TEA MEETING AND ENTERTAINMENT.—On Tuesday evening the annual tea party and entertainment was held in the Wesleyan school. The tea was on the table at six o'clock and was partaken of by a large number of the congreaation and friends. The catering was in the hands of Mr. Atherton's Sunday school class, while a number of the young men officiated at waiters. After the tea was over, all adjourned to enjoy the excellent concert provided for them. The chair was taken by Mrs. R. Garnett, and, after a hymn had been sang, Mr. Garnett offered up a short prayer. After an interesting address by Mrs. Garnett relating to the institution of the annual tea party and watch-night service, and a refer- ence to the distressed Armenians, Miss Hilda Garnett gave a song entitled " Meditation," which was well applauded. Mr. R. J. Cooke then followed with a recitation entitled " Warriors of the Sea," which won well deserved applause. A quartet was next on the programme entitled " God is a Spirit," and was excellently sang by Mrs. Clarke, Miss M. Routledge, Mr. Joseph Smith and Mr. W. T. Wilkinson. Miss Josephine Moses then gave a song en- titled" When love is kind," accompanying herself on the auto-harp, for which she received an encore, and sang "The Old Folks at Home." Mrs. Parker then addressed the meeting, after which Miss Parker cave a recitation. Mr. W. T. Wilkinson gave a sone. en- titled "The Flight of Ages," and was heartily applauded. Mr. Joseph Smith gave as a humorous reading one of Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures which "took" immensely with the audience and Mr. Smith responded to an encore with another reading. Mr. R. Garnett then addressed the audience at some length or the penny ' bank and gave a short account of the workings of the institution, together with a summary of the past year's tramsactions. A song entitled "The Diver" was given with effect by Mr. A. Appleton, followed by a solo and chorus entitled " Come all ye faithful." the solo part was excellently sustained, by Miss E. Hobson the other parts being taken by Mrs. Withinshaw, Mr. W. T. Wilk- inson and Mr. J. Smith, Mr. Wigfield being the accom- panist. Mr. Cooke then obliged with another recitation entitled " The Railway Porter's Story." Mr. Cooke as a favourite with the audience for he was encored re- peatedly. Miss J. Moses also was an acknowledged favourite for on giving another song she was encored but was prevented from obliging owing to the lateness of the hour. A song by Mrs. Clarke entitled "Far away," was warmly applauded and was followed by a duet by. Mrs. Withinshaw and Miss Hilda Garnett, the accom- panist being Miss F. Watson. The proceedings then term- inated with a closing hymm.

WATCH NIGHT SERVICE.—The usual watch night ser- vice was held on New Year's Eve in the Wesleyan Chapel. The service was conducted by the Rev. J. Gunnell.

Archbishop Walsh, in the course of a letter to the " Freeman's Journal," insists either that there shall be a college established for the Roman Cathclics of Ireland on the same footing as Trinity College, otherwise the estab- lishment of a national university, comprising within it on equal terms Trinity College and ary other university college or colleges in Ireland worthy of the name.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSES OF SNOW IN ALASKA.

The natives of Alaska construct snow huts in about the time that would be required to pitch an ordinary wall tent. They select a place where the snow is about four feet deep. A space six feet by nine is marked out. Blocks two feet square are cut from the surface snow and set up on edge around the excavation for side walls. At one end three feet of the space is dug down to the ground ; in the balance about two feet of snow is left fora couch. The sides and ends ate built up tight, and the whole is roofed with broad slaps of crusted snow cut in proper dimensions to form a flat gable roof, and loose snow is thrown over all to chink in. At the end,which is dug down to the ground, a hale is cut large enough to admit a man crawling in on his hands and knees. The hut is now finished, and the bedding and provisions are packed inside. The arms and ammunition are generally left outside. After the outside work is finished everybody crawls into the hut, and the opening is stopped up from the inside with a plug of snow which has been fitted carefully,and no one is expected to go out until it is expected to break camp. The cembined heat from the bodies of the inmates, to- gether with the lamp they use, soon raises the tempera- ture, and a degree of comfort is obtained, no matter how cold it may be outside. When fuel is obtainable a kitchen is added to the structure,with a fireplace cut out of solid walls of snow. Fire in such a fireplace has been used for an hour a day for a month. The first heat softens the exposed snow, but the snow afterwards ehanges in solid ice,and remains uachanged so long as the temperature in the open air remains below zero. About the middle of April these snow houses are no longer available, as they become too damp for comfort, and the usual practice is to dig a hole down into the ground and roof the abode with skins.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
HAND AND BRAIN.

The actual amount of dexterity in the human hand has—says "Scieace Siftings," been measured with more or less accuracy, and its value in mechanical employ- ments traced from youth to age. Flow the hand grows old, gradually losing its skill, has been described by Sir James Crichton Bmwne, who has made a long course of investigations in rural towns. The high period of skill and endurance, this authority says, is from thirty to forty, the hand after that beginning to lose its muscular delicacies and its suppleness. Between the ages of seven- teen and eighteen, the hand of a boy grows into the hand of a man and first becomes valuable from a com- mercial point of view. If a workman is temperate and industrious, and continues to improve in his trade, his hand's dexterity increases until he is thirty. After forty the muscles do not respond nearly as readily and cer- tainly to the orders of the brain, and the quality and quantity of the work done begin to fall off. While a man in exceptionally fine health, and one especially , dexterous can often keep up his degree of skill long past the age of forty, such a man is an excep- tion. This comparatively early aging of the hand is an interesting and remarkable fact, as it is after forty, as a rule, that a carefully-used brain becomes the most valuable. Practically, none of our statesmen of the highest rank are under forty ; most of them are alsove fifty, and often ten years older than that. In the trades, on the other hand,the highest paid workmen, with hardly an exception, are under the lage of two score. The scale of wages in the button trade, for example, is a good indication of this tendency of the hand to grow old so early in life. At his very lbest,in his prime,a skilful button-maker can make 6,240 ivory buttons a day on his lathe. For this he receives 453. a week. At forty-five years of age it is only the exceptional man who can make more than 28s. a week. When the workman is sixty-five years of age he can seldom make more than 203., this providing that he still enjoys sound health. Of course,this is only the case in the trades where one hand is used continually and sys- tematically. A Sheffield knife-forger,for instance, strikes something like 28,000 blows with his hammer daily. An enormous amount of muscular and nervous force is 're- quired for this,and it is no wonder that the strain on the nerve centres and the muscles becomes visible in a few years. In farming or the seafaring life, or some other vocation in which the energy is more equally distributed over the entire body, the hand does not loseits cunning so early. Oftentimes, it retains its skill until the facul- ties generally commence to give way. It is the seden- tary occupation that tells, and the only remedy for it is such exercise as will divert the nerve current from the already overtaxed hands.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

Last week was a comparatively quiet one on the canal, work being practically at a standstill on Wednesday and Thursday. The traffic consequently showed a marked falling off from the previous week's record, the arrivals and sailings numbering 100 against 136, and the aggre- gate net registered tonnage amounting to 31,454, against 47,000 tons during the preceding seven days. Coast- wise traffic suffered a diminution of 31 ships and 1,329 tons, and foreign traffic was less by four ships and 7,217 tons. Amongst the cargoes imported were 19 of general merchandise, nine of China clay, eight of (stone and slate, one of pit-clay, one of rock-salt, one of boulders, one of tinplate bars,three of pig iron,three of wood pulp and three of fruit. Twenty general cargoes were ex- ported, six of coal, one of salt, and one of pitch.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL BILL.

By the Manchester Ship Canal Bill, which has been duly deposited for next session in the Private Bills Office of the House of Commons, power is sought to fill np the tidal openings in the parishes of Eastham, Frodsha.re, and Runcorn, which were constructed in the estuary of the Mersey in substitution for other openings, under powers given by the Manchester Ship Canal (Tidal Open- ings &c.) Act, 1890, The preamble of all the bill dealing with these powers says that " great inconvenience and expense have been .caused by the influx into the canal of silt and ice through the said tidal openings, and navi- gation is rendered difficult by the currents through these openings,and it is therefore expedient that the Company should be authorised to fill up the said tidal openings." In addition to these works, which will be carried out by levelling the embankments up to their normal height, the Company seek power to construct an embankment on the portion of Norton Marsh belonging to them, com- mencing on the northern side of the new road leading from Runcern to Warrington and terminating in the flood bank on tho easterly side of the Norton Marsh. The bill also provides for the construction of a railway two furlongs 8.14 chains in length, commencing on the westerly side of Trafford-road and terminating at the south-east corner of Dock No. 5. It is proposed to enact that the provisions contained in the Bridgewater Canal Rates Confirmation Act, 1894, for the recovery, of tolls and charges from by-traders on the Bridgewater canals," shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to the recovery of all tolls, rates, and charges and all arrears thereof at any time owing to any person in re- spect of goods, merchandise, animals, or passengers con- veyed over any portion of any canal." It is further pro- posed to obtain power to utilise certain lands belonging to the Company at Walton Arches, situate between the embankment of the old railway of the London and North-Western Company and the deviation railway con- structed in pursuance of the Act of 1885, for the deposit of material dredged from the river Mersey and the canal. Power is sought to abandon the construction of the branch railway to the Arpley Meadow, which was originally authorised in 1885, and subsequently revived by the Act of 1894, after the time for its completion had expired in 1892. In the event of this abandonment being sanctioned, provision is made in the bill for the release of the deposit money, amounting to £1,223. It is proposed to amend the Act of 1885, which requires the Company to cause all the tidal waters of the river Weaver which flow into the canal to pass into the es- tuary of the river Mersey at each the, by the insertion of words requiring the Company to send the tidal water into the Mersey "during the ebb of the same tide." The Company seek to make additional by-laws for the Bridge- water canals, and power is proposed to be given to the Company to enclose" all or any of their canals, docks, sheds, warehouses, and buildings." The time granted by Parliament for the construction of Warrington Docks is proposed to be extended for !ten years from the Ist January, 1895, and it is proposed, finally, that the Com- pany and the Corporation of Warrington be authorised to enter into agreements " for the settlement of all or any questions pending between them."

===== 0002601_18960104_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
QUEEN'S THEATRE OE VARIETIES.

The building so long known as Ohmy's Circus, has for the present changed its name and nature and has developed into a theatre of varieties or music-hall, and the lessees and proprietors are Messrs. Rogers and Greenall while Mr. T. Acton is general manager. A very presentable stage has been erected and the lighting and seating arrangements are satis- factory and in keeping with the nature of the place. The first opening of the theatre was on Monday when a programme of items of an attractive nature was submitted, consisting of ventriloquial sketches by Professor Grant, sentimental and comic songs, dancing, humorous dialogues, &c., by a collection of artistes whose names are familiar on the variety stage, and who included—Miss Alice Chasemore, Miss Theresa Roach, Messrs. G. Reynolds, J. C. Beffron, the Edlins, and Aug Babalo. All the performances are highly creditable and were received with great favour by the large attendances each evening. The last named artiste is a lightening depicter in chalks of statesmen well. known, and scenes of fair artistic excellence. Judging by the popularity and excellence of the first performances given, the new theatre has very fair chances of competing more than favourably with rival attractions of a similar nature.

URS —SEALSKIN JACKETS and FURS of every des- cription Cleaned or Re-Dyed and Altered. Fur okins Dressed and Made-up into Rugs, Muffs. Collate, &c.—B COOKE, Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newington, and 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool, Established over 21 years,

===== 0002601_18960104_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

UNION Cat:tacit P.S.A.—On Sunday an open meeting of the P.S.A. was held in the afternoon. The president, the Rev. A. H. Sayers, occupied the chair. Mr. James Evans, of Warrington, delivered an address on charac- ter, and Miss Thomas, of Widnes, sang two soles. The second distribution of books, numbering upwards of 100, was made at the close. The second year commences next Sunday. SHOPBREAKING AT FIVE CROSSES.—At Chester Castle on Monday, Samuel Burkill pleaded guilty to breaking and entering the shop of Charles Hulse, Frodsham Lordship, and to stealing several articles.—Mr. E.Burke Wood stated that the prosecutor kept a lock-up grocery shop, at Five Crosses, near Frodsham, and lived some distance away. He had his suspicions that goods were going off his premises, and on the 3rd November he placed a piece of paper in the nick of the door so that he would be able to see whether it had been opened during the night. That night P.C. Weatherby saw a light in the shop, and on entering he saw the prisoner hiding behind tho door,and prisoner, who exclaimed, " Well, I am fairly copped ' now," was taken into custody.— Prosecutor stated that the prisoner was his tenant, and owed him £3B for rent.—Mr. Moss,who appeared for the prisoner, said he was instructed to say that this was prisoner's first offence, and that he would not have com- mitted this offence but that he was in a state of semi- drunkenness.—The Chairman said,there were summary convictions against the prisoner for trespass and assault, and P.C. Weatherby said the man was quite sober and had no shoes on.—Prisoner, who said he was very sorry, was sent to gaol for three months. PETTY SESSIONS. FIIIDAY.—Before Mr. Charles Reynolds and Dr. Steele.

RAILWAY MEN AND A CARTER.—Thomas Walton, fore- man porter at Frodsham goods station, was summoned, at the instance of James Edward Meadowcroft, for as- saulting Charles Hoose, carter, en November 29th. A cress-summons was issued by Walton against Hoose for assault at thlf same time and place. Mr. Fenna, Liver- pool, appeared for Walton, and he objected to the sum- mons against his client on the ground that the informa- tion was laid by Mr.Meadowcrolt,who was not even the employer of loose. The dispute was really one between Mr. Meadowcroft and the Railway Company. The men were not unfriendly.—After some conversation, Mr. Fenna said he did not wish to press his objection.— Charles Hoose stated that on the date named he was loading a cart from a waggon of coal when Thomas Griffiths tried to stop him. Walton then came, drew his horse up, when witness jumped out of the waggon, callared his horse, and when attempting to seize his whip Walton struck him in the jaw, bursting his lip with his fist, and then struck him in the ribs. He met Mr. Meadowcreft,who took him to Mr. Ashton's office. saying a summons should be taken out.—By Mr. Fenna: He was told not to touch the coal until the carriage was paid, but this was not until he had partly loaded his cart. He did not know that Mr. Meadowcroft owed the company money. He got hold of a piece of coal, but did not threaten to throw it at Griffiths' head. He never struck Walton.—Harry Smethurst and James E. Meadowcroft were called to give evidence. —Mr. Fenna said his defence was that Hoose was the offender, for he was told before going to the wagon that he had not to touch it, because Mr. Meadowcroft owed money. Ho persisted in loading the cart, and defied the railway officials te stop him. During a scuffle as to possession of the bridle.Hoose's hat was knocked off ,and his mouth came in contact with the shaft of the cart, which was an entire accident. He asked the Bench not o assist Mr. Meadowcroft in his spleen against the Rail- way Company.—Mr. Lambert deposed that [loose was told not to touch the coal because the carriage had net been paid. The amount was brought in soon after the squabble.—The cascs were dismissed. ScHOOL ATTENDANCE CASH.—A fine of ss. WRS imposed on John Ellis, Overton Hill, for not sending his child regularly to school.

A YOUTHFUL DELINQUENT.—AIice Gayter, Newtown, was summoned for not complying with a school attend- ance order to send her son Joseph. aged ten years, to school.—Mr. George Jonestschool attendance officer,said the boy had only made one attendance out of a possible 103. He asked for an order for him to be sent to an In- dustrial School. He was a ringleader of bad lads.—The lad was ordered to be sent to the Macclesfield Industrial School.

DRUNKENNESS. .—Samuel Garner, Frodsharn, was fined ss. and Bs. 61. costs for being drunk on licensed pre- mises—the Albert Inn, C`mrsh-st., Frodsham, on Dec. 21st.—Walter Rogers, labourer, Frodsham, and Thomas Carman, labourer, Kingsley,had each to pay ss.for being drunk and disorderly. A VAGRANT.—Thomas Harvey,a pensioner,was charged with sleeping in an outbuilding at one o'clock that morning, at Frodsharn, without any visible means of subsistence.—P.C. Price proved the case, and Sergeant Clays said he had received complaints from the Gas Company respecting the conduct of the prisoner.—He waii sent to gaol for 14 days.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. THOMAS CUPPAGE.

On Saturday afternoon the funeral took place at the Warrington Cemetery of the late Mr. Thomas Cup- page,of Orford Lodge. The ceremony took place in the presence of a large number of -relatives and friends, amongst Cie chief mourners—in addition to Mrs. Cuppage (widow) and Mr. R. Cuppage (son)—being Mr. W. H. Beckley, J.P., and Mr. J. J. Bleckly, J.P., managing directors of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company ; and James Dodds, secre- tary. The Rev. Canon Willis (rector) conducted the service. Among the many wreaths which were sent was a beautifully-designed one from the direc- tors of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, who always bore a warm regard towards the deceased gentle- man. There was also one from the officials of the company. SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 188.6d."Treadle £44. with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. Durrom 16 and 18. Sankey-it.. Warrington.—Advt.

STOVES.—Iron Merchant, GARLAND. ; Bridge-street HOUSEHOLD LlNENB,hemrned and marked free of chair —J. andW. DurroN,y-et., Wankey Warrington.—Advt. GOLBORNE-ST. BAPTIST CHAPEL.

On Sunday evening last, the Golborne-s-t. Baptist Chapel choir gave a special Christmas choral ser- vice, consisting of selections from the " Messiah." There was a large congregation and the choir very effectively rendered the choruses :—"Andlthe Glory of the Lord," "0 thou that tellest," and " Hallelu- jah." With respect to the solos, Mr. A. Griffiths [ gave a tasteful interpretation of " Comfort ye" and " Every valley," while Mr. A. Fieldhouse in his singing of the recit "Thus saith the Lord "and the solo" But who may abide," excelled himself. Mrs. Gleave and Miss Kent were equally successful in their respective solos, "He shall feed his flock," and ." Come unto him." Mr. J. Reddish's clear tenor voice was heard to advantage in" But thou didst not leave," and Miss E. Fieldhouse sang with tine [ feeling the beautiful solo, " I know that my Redeemeth liveth." Mr. Frank Hickman, who pre- sided at the organ, played the accompaniments to the solos and choruses with good execution and skill, perhaps the finest effort being the " Pastoral Symphony.; Indeed great credit is due to Mr. Hickman and Mr. A. Fieldhouse,organist:and choir- master, for the careful training of the choir which contributed so largely to the successful service. Mr. Harrison, of Manchester, gave a brief and appropri- ate address. SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 188.6 d. Ireadle £4 4s. wnc hindsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON 16 and 15. dankepst., Warrington.—Advt.

Buy the Children a PICTLTRE Book from JOHN S. GREEN. Bridge-street. and Buttermarket. He's got some beauties. —Advt. THE WORKINGMEN'S GlosrEL TEMPERANCE MISSION

===== 0002601_18960104_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
EALL.

A social meeting was held in the above hall on Saturday night. On Sunday night a gospel tem- perance meeting was held, led by Mr. J. W. Tanner. Mr. W. Nightingale sang with his usual ability " Launch the Temperance Lifeboat." Mr. A. llorrocks, Mr. 11. Heald, Mr. W. Nightingale, Mr. J. Drury and Mr. R. Storey also addressed the meeting. HOUSEHOLD LINENS,heMMed and marked free of charge. 3. and W. Dutton, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt.

Every now and then one hears of people loz..ing poi- soned from eating food preserved in tin cans. The amount of risk we incur from eating these preserved foods is exceedingly small, and it is likely to be done away with altogether, for paper cans are now being manufactured in the United States which are designed to supemde the use of those of tin altogether.

DARING BURCILAttY AT RUNCORN.

SMART CAPTURE.

At Runcorn Police Court, on Friday, before Messrs. F. J. Norman, chairman, and E. Imison, James ,Shaw, no fixed abode was charged with burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Joseph Wilding, on the night of the 26th December, with intent to steal. Joseph Wilding, a caretaker for Mr. Ashton, solicitor, said that early on the previous morning he awoke, and fancied he could smell wood burning. He lit a candle, came downstairs, and went into the magistrates' clerk's office, but saw nothing unusual. He then went into the lobby, and saw a light proceeding from the kitchen. He saw a man in a corner, and he was standing with his back towards another office door. Witness exclaimed " Oh," and prisoner replied " I have taken nothing." Witness then said" What are you doing here ? " and prisoner replied "It is all right," to which witness an- swered " It is not all right. What are you doing here ?' Witness said that the man had no boots nor coat on,and he could identify him in the dock as being the same per- son. Prisoner ran along the lobby through the kitchen into the yard, and out at the back. Witness shouted to his wife, and in consequence of what he said, the latter shouted through a window " Murder," and " Police." As a result, Dr. McDougall blew a policeman's whistle. Witness bolted the back door, and came to the front, where P.S. Brewster, in company with two other con- stables, met him. On examining the kitchen he found five drawers were ope.ned,as well as a cupboard.. Nothing was missing. When the sergeant came he found a hole in the roof of the storeroom. Two ladders were also found reared one against the scullery wall and the other against another wall. P.S. Brewster, in the course of his evidence, said the scullery window had been opened from the top. Under- neath the window in the yard he found a nair of clogs (produced), which he identified as being the same as those prisoner was then wearing. In consequence of find- ing the clogs he suspected prisoner, and directed P.C.'s Wylie and Booth to search in the Camden soap works, at the rear of the premises. Prisoner was apprehended by P.C.Wylie. When charged with the offence he said, " I don't know how I got there, but I found myself there. I took nothing, only a small piece of meat on a plate." P.C. Wylie said he was in company with the last wit- ness, and went with him to Mr. Ashton's office. By his direction lie went and searched in the Camden works, and found prisoner between two large soap boilers. He had the back of his coat turned over his head, endeav- ouring to hide himself.

Prisoner was now charged with burglariously entering and stealing from the dwelling-house, and he replied "I can only I was drunk,and I didn't know anything about it, until I found myself against the fire." In reply to the Magistrates' Clerk, P.S. Brewster said that prisoner was sober when brought to him at the offices.

The Chairman said that this was a mest serioug offence. Prisoner was an old offender, and would have to be sent to the Assizes for trial.

FPPS'S COCOA.—GR&TEFUL AND COMFORTING.—" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful implication of the tine properties of well-selected Cocos, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of su:h articles of diet theta constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—Ciril Service Gazette.— Made simply with boiling water or milk.—Sold only ha packets and pound tins by Grocers. labelled—" JAMES EPPS & Co., Ltd., Homceopathic Chemists. London."—Alse makers of Epps's Cocoaiue or Cocoa-Nib Extract: A thin beverage of full flavour, now with many beneficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, upplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system.

TOBACCONISTS commencing; tild. guide and. Catalogue 259 pages) 3d TOBACCONISTS*OUTFITTING Co.-186, Euston.. road, London. (Mgr), Hr. MYERS.

RUPTUHlC—Unparalleled Success in the treatment of rupture by S. J. SHERMAN. Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery Lane, London. Write for his new book of, full information, Md.. post free.—Advt.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE, INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, BRONCHITIS B.:ASTHMA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives *twit relief ig Corisumption Diarrhcea, tte. Towle's Cholorodyne. IW, for 24 doses. TAKE NO OTHER.

CHRISTMAS ONCE AGAIN. TOYS TOYS ! ! TOYS !! ! DOLLS! DOLLS ! ! DOLLS !! !

W. P. & W. SKELTON LTD

HORSRMARKET-STRERT. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE DECIDED TO

OPEN TEMPORARILY

SATURDAY, MONDAY & TUESDAY NEXT,

===== 0002601_18960104_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WITH A FINE SELECTION OF

CHRISTMAS GOODS.

•z&nlvtit3o. -..t J nit/de/14 GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Plea.ant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, Is. Ild. and 2s. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from Sole Proprietors PRITCHARDS LTD. CHESIIST. CHEADLE, MANCHESTER.

The most, marvellous soan of the age for Laundry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfect,. rapidly, Antisentic. Non-injurious, washes without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. Cures Rheumatism Refreshes the Skin. Wholesale kg,nts in Warrington N.B. PERCIVAL and Co. Sole Maker, F. L. BARTELT Keynsharn, Bristol."

TOW MANY MILES A WEEK.'

Chartered Accountants of the City of London certify that, last year. BROOKE, BONDS sold more than ONE-NINETEENTH of all the Tea consumed in Great Britain. That mPans that in every week we sell enon gh quarter-lbs. of Tea to make—in packets placed end-to-end—A RIDGE SIXTY-TWO MILES LONG, without a gap. Think of that, and try to realise all It means, when next you buy you one weekly packet. YES, WE SELL THIRTY MILLION TEA-SPODNFULE OP DRY LEIF-TEA. IN ECLRY WEEK. What does all that prove ? It proves that the British People have proved for themselves that BROOKE, BOND'S TEA is they very best value they can buy.

OUR AGENTS ARE EVERYWHERE and SELL it at

1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/, 2/4 84 2/8 a lb.

Cki A 4e> OCKTOO , , 7 4,' (- RS( OAP tki, \

===== 0002601_18960104_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES 17, PICCADILLY, MA.NCHESTER. 29. MARKET STREET

===== 0002601_18960104_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Cbt. " erairtiner " &tries

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. c ming nader the following neaa.. are inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Oh CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITVATI@NS WANTED, APARTMEN TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, pARTITERSHII APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, Picazio ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES ..TO BE LET OR SOLD. • One Three Six •Wordtl' Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 61 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Botragtft gotrbant.s,

LIANBitAL, 20 to 22, wanted in January, must plain cook And,wash small family.—Apply Alm HORE, 56n, Liverpool-road, Birkdale, Southport.

GENERAL Wanted, for small family ; able to wash; good references reriuired.— Address Mrs. J. BENTHAM, Bacup, Lancashire. WANTED, iminedlately, GENE UAL, about 16; good home; no washing.-31 Rs. 0. BYRNE, Hulme Bar- racks, Manchester. • • •

Q:ERYANTS withgoodrefereace WANTRD, for all kinds o 1.3 situations ; good wages; no charge till suited.—REGls- Tor, 51, Church-st.,llgrernont.

W ANTED a strong A'ERVANT GIRL; able to wash T good home.—Apply 2, KNOTT LANE, Cheetwood, Stiangeways, Manchester.

AVANTILD, strong. General SERVANT (family 3), gooc wages, references.--Yirs. FAILNDALE, 7, Brudenel Grove. Royal PArlc-road, Leeds.

ALL.CLASSES - superior Servants requiring reliable SITUATIONS for New Year should write, Mrs. REAVS Select-Registry, Rasholme. Manchester.

r - - .-- .-----,-- .-•-•-,- - --,-- - QERVANTS Wanting RELIABLE SITUATIONS, Call or 3 Write Miss linucTwes, City Registry, 62, Oldham-st. Manchester. Established 50 Years. Stamp reply.

AX7 ANTED, an experienced NURSE, age 25, willing to do a V V little lignt housework. Also a thorough GENERAL. —Address H A 11.8TEADt Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

lIOUSR-PARLOURMAID (Catholic). 20 to 25, experienced personal character of over tare year. Write first, giv- ing details, Mrs. M., 'B, inGIIFIELD-ROAD, Rock Ferry, Birkenhead. • _

Air RS. HOPPER,A. NCY for SERVANTS, Burton-on- iVl Trent:bas several Plain Cooks and Housemaids disen- gage& viisbing.to live fogether, tsieo are ready for situations at once!. • ' "

Cowcs. HousiixAms, pARLOUR-MAIDS, and superior GENERALS may ne suited immediately. -Miss Hungo's Registry, Irlam,street, Warrington. References restired.

AiA Lat eaenta FLEi videAr pLo oli *N. ITEIrtaE4, 67.4-e*,dT yBT. I OFNO' ,r 70r, oa reliable Jul nts Aleßtal, Medial and Mouibly Nurses, Massage. apply :telegr urses," Liverpool. 'I elephone 570

===== 0002601_18960104_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
lantti.

TANTED, SuMrers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 VT stams for, -ertatrt cure. 4,, AtsltwoßTll, Buxtoi Ch'64ey. t; t'

- • . . CIOOPERS,,-,--Wanteds•ai few good COOPERS, accustomed kJ-4 to genetal work preferred.—GEOUGE PRELrs, mid Co., Swansea.

WA#ID eyeuwilere, aalary £3 monthly and com Mission samples frde.:-."-gui..LER, 9, Horace-roAd, 11. Porest-G'ate, tonilen. .i • .

WING .MAN" WANTRD. ,355, per week and commission. rtpAtular -work, opening. —.4ddres3 Compo Vir.;Rxs, Farnwolth, Bolton, Lancs.

_,BAOCONlBT:fs,othfnentingi lard, Guide and Catalozn• (259 'imgcs) 3d.—TO/LitbOlklSTle OUTFITTING CO.. 186 Euston-ro2d London. eat. 1866.; Manager; Hi'. MYER 4.

,of

fI)BAA--TM44..L.V4A,I.L!.....,AYANTILD...,repon.sibIe AGENTS J- tq,pusit .the celebrii.ted KEYSTONE TEAS, in town nn4 cOnlatiT.-L,Apijtkiq;itirEttt 67 ''Bt'ciOk•-st., KermingtOn, 1,;44.16„:;5.5.;.4. Ti ft t • X

t.

A . GENTS WANTBD throughout the United kingdom to Xt. -sell an article. in daily dinna.nd ; salary LS monthly eomrriissten ; sbruples free.—A.ddress FULLER, 9 Horace- roa+cli• i'orest, Gate. LOaddri. x

/ 1.4.V49.851311. for-. vArioas tow,u.s.l---Christian Girl recom- mende I, :persevering re§pectable. to Sdl Religious Magszitie , from house to botue,—Apply by letter. 91. UPPER arajolop,,B,slitEE-r, Liverpool. . , ;,. -

V,§41411Y tiftereci, •iviorl can bo done evep,kugiott ipme„ bjt ;either iex,•uo cauvassing, v..lu- ' $41,,1niUt?,,40 Uopfucticims,:, .(vetnruable unless fbors.).l44l' ;ill. • ,r6i?...*-'--)tizX 4 AND C. (W), gArkr LOODD:(10, ,; , • • . . • •

ott.sl,‘,,fs a.• IL%

• ,+

;,„1„ • • pi' -W•ti*

lA-Elot....sttitfir,' 6iff tilitilly-10:te;-6 Rodmed houses: re 0,„( ~,,,,,1:1 A•:'i 1 i , • ~1 N. ~ , ji, ~1 ,;r • , , t LYTHGORS-LANE : Good Cottago 4.3,6&.- ' .- • Apply, iyadc . . ' .ptglej4, madet-vakcfpipers Wa.rridßlon*. * • e. ,::, .. ti•",i•r :i ____

13 Vikiyl-IDt_:lk ahould WITALLut A.W801,1; 10 644641,41iii4tYkobliti If4:.reilT

'9lO BR ..1,,8X ps SQLP )AT,L4M-LNA FOUNDRY _l_ IttittNGV) tr," ii piestzttonVici for he manufacture of Firb zlarateK,rilanggq; ace. Stock and patterns -at-yaltnttion-; rnilwAy siding in works.—Apply Mr, BOBERT LOWE. Rstate Aeent, Warringtgn. T. No. 55.

TO BE LET. a god ix roore4.l HOUSE. back,winoows overlopjaitiC§ifutterjt Gpye tit ;1 por,4 E. week.— Appl) 26, MARSH HOUSE LANE. Warrington.

rllO LET.-1Q loti iiiQiKSl-10,P, 9 rigrdt.—Ap pjyi , 4%.srro 1 arid Wobba. $6116i rs, Hoesrtitie t.. Warrinato . , T°. 'Arachitet"',Bl'ie• 4°lncikiPttriigiledir° .A ''

.C 1 TOCKFON ITHATlT.:—Soneeslorniposed of fot*.bedroorrvi tOlvo iittinglool6.lloPl-roopotgrie., kittlhent cePars4etg, Rent £l9 103. Also good bays at ss. per week.—BosTocs, Wlderspool„WiarfbXtarw Li

„. , rilmE CRITERION, 83bilit?eli!titftiet, will be Let. on exe..edingly eaebtergift,o.tp,aki_svitiaisyt tenant. Large trade• Best position for restaurant Rua spirit vaults in I,lverpool.—Apply.E. C. ANDERITO 101, Daleaatiret, Liver- Yk,llal..illYiith I Z'A'-f

113011 V Orittitiu6&;- 3lo1r1)i1ap avai il-111,6

TEAR LIME-STHERTlld•established -Friee SPIRIT .11 VAULTSlnotftrykt dor b4pritein: pagoing E5O. —E. C. ANDERTOtA 101 Lie -street, tiverpooi.-

ineiit Free reno-"" Ingoint7

CVOrrit 111/Tr-dini of • • SIT VAULTS. ne ••••liptto! •• . emain .E • ' 111p41, ••• z - P A cent y sripm, rf VAU• T . fl L . '.l--?. r&.131 eck eli riee proalm& 11.• tre

. 1"-,TT:rHT 0 liS-4•LPO jnt#PAitti.te;„4lle,;oooclwlll, Fixtifresit,gc,„-,9fikhat,.o.o-flats4l4al4lssi !and,,,well,known Licen#o,,,lienve? neAlupgr,b7_4-fottql,eitaafe ,iga -the -centrist of that great ple*SlAgilesicirts,Weit ,-,Perb-y4 5, There :.arti large pr ern I sea, agmakelilarit i.'„atab.ll g„.3co be:ent.rance to Crortisthsllol, and' thq,Pilyil ,er,r9i.llUt is opposite the door. The house has bes'uCteOfnny- 'carried on with one ange of tenancy in -42 year's—Cards Co *few apply 8.. C: ANDERTO.,,IOI, pale-street Livegool.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
• Jr- ••• • - : *Su I' a 06- 3.14TV,t-- • th. •-• • • ..,24•1:.- , • 41 • -4,"

Apr-

--- --':

"A SIMPLE F,tor. Ask throughout the • • :ii'.wcaldlrearry'-cacuntry that' esn• be Mt 11141: - • ',coatitfllMtle.• 'KEATING'S LO Z Etc G r • laroly ilhoreds absotiltely no. 'remedy that iVlSo4rpeedrili, ,gtting reflet. ao cortJein • u tA3 ithrepandt-yot,the Moat delieate bah take them. jetairgr6.I.C.CIIIGILLOZENGES.

orA: If tft .4.1/1 KI*YRRWC°AGII2(t • 111011 AN 3c..e047011 WIT,L TELL YOU" theta is no .; • :iettl' 60:gh '"ktfkl'i'dintiuttian LQNGIS he yes relfef;' they wilj C.) tgj ItAi& 'IMO wort ,itt. injure your bestb _flt ow 'SOYd THE97/414VATilit, Tll2l N'ATIVAUPAD , -,-17 • —if '

: ;

S UNst:4ll4PllWpi:',AfrAc% . • Q12ND.C.145 Stri's ,P..WPWW, AP liegi 749;§P.V.0.1., For al1,4)411: 4,laa Intpli to tic, 10000110 tpt-t WA.ItHINUTOPIC,— 4,i*Re Vitekitierd- &1500Brifige-st. r. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Ch 15755, H ors e m ark et-street K 1 eirjolgv f iggtorr,2 pg-FOritel P ..B Ohs/Alb 4 = • Ot ;,

:ii lltfJ ')./

NI &GIG LANTERNS, slides. and accessories, Photographic _1 Enlarging Lanterns, Stertoscopes (and views). Micro- scop(s, &c., stew and second-hand. Incandescent gas lamps for Magic La terns —PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-st. All Saints'). Manchester.

LADIES.—A Message for You!!! In all cases of 11_,.4" Irregularities and Obetructionb, however olostinate and long ,atanding, try the MIRACULOUS and never-failing Remedy,known all over the world as DASMAIL'S SPECIFIC. Thousands of testimonials testifying, to the Wonderful I sees -that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICINE. A Lady writes :—" Your Medicine Is truly wonderful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nate; one.." Most reliable information and copies of testi- monisls (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt of stampedenvelope to A. DASMAIL, 76 &nettle, Walthamatow. Established nearly 50 years. x

(-11101 C to SOLID GOLD BILAOSLIITS. from 12a. 6d. up- ki vnerds.

SOLID GOLD BREAST PINS, from 22 6cL

SPECIAL VALUE IN LADIES' ALBERTS.

GRAND NEW YEAR'S PRESENT FOR YOUTH. HANDSoME 2-GUINEA OPEN FACE CRYSTAL GLASS SOLID STAMPED SILVER WATCH, WITH CHAIN AND PENDANT WARRANTED .-- -

12s. I.IDTY o„ ---- - --beautiful ----- - ------- Glass WAtCH indistinguishable from new, with a written gxarantee for ten years. This is quite an exceptional Christmas offer which conuot be repeated. Warranted first-class tinekerper. tent on approval registered pO5ll •

WEDDING RINGS. WEDDING RINGS. LUCKY GUINEA GOLD. From 83 6d to 60s. Halt-dozen Spoons given with each ring. Write tor size card, free. DAVIES, 30, LOWHILL. LIVBRPOOL.

BAD DEBTS. —A very successful form for collecting bad debts 6 stamps, or exchange is. genuine.—EDWAßD PALMER. Hygienic Bakery. Brandon, Suffolk.

Vublfrationo.

ROCIIE'S HERBAL EMBROCATIvN.

KEATING'S COUGEI LOZENGES.

(EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

K EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

ETEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

"ANY DocToE WILL TELL YOU" there is no better Cough Medicine than KEATING'S LOZENGES. One gives relict; they will cure, and they will not injure your health Sold everywhere in 130. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY.

Iliquilantotts.

A .4,4' '=: ' ~.r. ,44.? ,--

===== 0002601_18960104_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
I*ltisital fnstruments.

Iflatrunonp.

IV ATulriTyTeNYw.-if-Au fucoturrreecpt,Pushcoeutotsof ?'iD Usfraftuutpusreallildusstbaamnpd directed envelope.—Send age, sex, and, if possible, time of birth, to FRED HERBERT, High-street, Whitetable, Kent.

.)alt5S bp giurtion.

Etbr-Aptorit, &r.

RUPTURE. UNPARALLELED SUCCESS IN THE TREATMENT OF RUPTURE BY Se J. SHERMAN. HERNIA SPECIALIST, 64, CHANCERY-LANE, LONDON. Write for his new book of full information, 71cl. post free.

IS LIFE

W ORTH

===== 0002601_18960104_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
T IVING ? ..1.1

Such was the subject of a celebrated sermon preached in Mamhester,but the more practical problem of the day is how to make life worth living on earth. One of the important tri- butaries of the river of happiness is the possession of a com- fortable home. A home made bright and cheertul not only by the kind and loving dispositions of those living there, but made attractive by the good taste displayed in the furnishing. Furnishing is a very important factor in the matter of con- tinued self-satisfaction. So much jerry new London furniture .is being now retailed by drapers that one needs to pause be- fore rushing impetuously into the first draper's because of a cheap rtd ticket. High-class makers, such as Lamb,Gillows, and Garnett,still exist, to whom the wealthy can still go with a long purse but to most people this would be a too expensive experiment. Again, the average man nowadays has a strong liking for a bargain ; anything obtainable at about half or quarter the cost has a strong fascination for him. Is it possi- ble to obtain such an advantage in furnishing? Yes, and more than possible, it is an absolute fact. We cannot do better than recommend a visit to MR. WORSLEY'S FUR- NISHING PANTHEON, GAYTHOUN, MANCHRSTRII.

frHE Successful Establishment of any of the ..large ware- ." houses of Manchester is always of interest to the citizens. One of the most brilliant examples of the value of perseverance, enterptise, and tact is the now busy hive of industry so well known as The Pantheon, which occupies such a prominent position in Gaythorn, near the Cmtral Station, Manchester. The building is a massive pile of 'modern design, 150 feet long, six storeys high, with show- room accommodation covering an area of over one million square feet. The plate-glass windows are each 12 feet square, each square if broken costing nearly £3O to replace. len of "these immense show windows form a portion of the frontage. This will give a faint idea of 'The Pantheon" in outward appearance, but ah !-here pen fails altegether in attempting to do justice to anything like an adequate description of the interior. "The Pantheon" was specially built to give the largest and most convenient floor space for showrooms, and cost £28,000. the floors specially constructed to carry enormous weight. To-day it stands as one of the smartest furnishing houses in England, containing by far the largest and most comprehensive stock of any two houses in this large city. From basement to roof, from floor to ceiling, "The Pantheon" fi with thousands of well bought, care- . to attempt description of which would futile as overflowingbargainLiverpool attempting 10 crush tune ll as l si eselectedd to

===== 0002601_18960104_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MANCHRSTRE SHIP CANAL.

The destinies of" The Pantheon" are c mtrolled and pre- sided over by its sole absolute proprietor. Mr. W. H. Worsley, whose sole study is an ever increasing desire to satisfy and please the thousands of customers who daily patronise and support his efforts. We invite the reader to accompany us in an imaginary visit to "The Pantheon " to see what it con- tains and how it is managed. On arrival we are at once stru2l; with the magnificent STARTLING APPEARANCE

of "The Great Pactheon," the immense long line of stupen- dous show windows displaying for sale capital specimens of high-class Second-Imnd Furniture oy high-class makers, the sale of which has made "The Pantheon famous.

UPON ENTERING THE BUILDING- we see at once that as far as stock is concerned there is sufficient furniture for nearly the whole of Manchester. We see at once visitors walking round inspecting from Olaham, Bolton. Bury, Burley, Bleckburn,Bacup. Rochdale, Preston. Warrington and all parts of Lancashire and Yorkshire, Cheshire, the Potteries, Wales, &c. It is the cardinal rule of " The Pantheon " to give the fullest facilities for inspec- tion without feeling compelled to buy. The ground floor is filled with the large specimens of bedroom furniture suitable for I.rge rooms; we are told the smaller suites are on the top floor, to which we can travel by means of the hoist, or walk. Bedroom suites on the ground floor we notice by Lamb, original cost £l5O, price £35 ; by Goodall, cost £lBO, for £5O; by Henry Ogden. cost £2OO, for £55. These are among the best suites, but one that strikes us with special attention is a fine hanosorne Bedroom Suite by Behan. in solid American walnut, heavily carved in has relief, with large wardrobe fitted with brilliant crystal bevel mirrors ; dressing table unique with neatly fitted jewel drawers, sur- mounted by large swing dressing glass ; washstand fitted with statuary marble and shaving mirror, th-ee chairs. pedestal table de nuit, and towel horse ; what originally cost £6O you can obtain for £25. Over 200 hedroom Suites are in stoJk, on show, from 355. to £lOO, forming a display so impressive that wears almost STRUCK DUMB WITH AMAZEMENT. We now go up stairs to the Dining-room Showroom. Wkat a sight, long avenues of Sideboards is the first impiession ; hundreds of Sideboards, with hundreds of Suites, also Dining Tables, Oyermahtels, splendid collection of Bronzes, Ormolu Clocks, Vases, &c. In this department we find magnificent Sideboards, original cost from £lOO to £2OO, at prices simply astounding, £lO to £2O. The next floor above is the Drawing- room Furniture Showroom, which is simply a show of

DAZZLING BEAUTY dissolving one's sensitive aptzeciation into impressive loveli- ness. No department is so interesting to la :lies as the draw— ing-room showroom; a keen delight is experienced in selecting weird and fantastic furniture for the drawing-room. /Esthetic, Moorish, and Egyptian Cabinets, peculiar Green and t,ronced Tables, Occasional Chairs of charming variety. Cosy Corners, Comfortable Lounging Settees and chAirs equal' to the highest class firms in the Kingdom at quarter the price. The largest showroom for Drawing-room kurniture in Manchester, containing over 100 Suites, 100 Cabinets, zoo' Overmantels, 500 Tables. Suites from £3 10s. Cd. to £5O. Cabinets from 30s. to £45. Marvellous value, worth in most cases three or four times the money charged. The next department adjoining is cases three or four times the money changed. The next de- partment is the Bedstead end Belding Department, which contains an enormous stock of Bedsteads. The brilliant- burnished brass displayed here is so immense as to preseYlt almost a

SEA OF GOLD. Magnificent specimens of the brasswnrkers' art is here die played to perfection. Brass Bedsteads may be purchased solid and complete for as low a price as 355. to the best at £35. A clear saving of 50 per cent. is effected in bedsteads and bedding. Brass and Iron Bedsteads, strong and durable, may be secured from 6s. Fd. to 30s. The bedding is all new, manufactured on the premises; everything is new in this department, the work here giving employment t:-) over 50' hands. Nothing is allowed to be used here except it has pre— viously been washed and purified. All bedding sold at Wor— bley's may be guaranteed as of SPOTLESS PURITY.

Wool Beds complete, guaranteed all wool. from Bs. 60., Hair Mattresses from 18s. 6d.. Feather Beds from 225. 6d. The next place of interest to visit is the Bedroom Furniture Department, which is displayed in a showroom, 63 yards by 25 yards. larger than most of the combined showrooms of most furnishing establishments. One is bound to admit that The Pantheon is certainly far ahead of any rival establish- ments in point of size and convenience. The showroom visited so far are lofty, well lighted, and, of immense area. The Bedroom Ferniture Showroom is magnificent; 300 Bedroom Suites are displayed in avenues, the finest collec- tion extant, at prices simply i . ncredible, astonishing every one. pulverising and exterminating all competition. Com- plete Bedroom suites, solid throughout, at 10s. up to £3O, magnificent in style and finish. Enamelled Suites from 30s. to £7. The next department is for Kitchen Furniture, the varied stock of which is quite sufficient to satisfy the most exacting. Thousands of chairs, hundreds of tables and dressers, every requisite for the kitchen at half the usual , prices charged. A department is also provided for Iron- mongery. But we must move on, our examination and in- spection is taking t,,ci long and occupying too much fqpi.m. We nuw are shown into the Carpet and Oilcloth Department, which contains thousands of new rolls of carpets, Brussels from is. Hid , Tapestry from led., Axminster from 2s. llid. and so on. Then we see hundreds of Second-hand Carpets. If you want a carpet to beat creation, buy one of Worsle3r's secondhand carpets ; they knock the competition of Jew and Gentile into smithereens. You can get a second-hand Brussels carpet, no tapestry ; no, real. genuine Brussels, from 4to 5 yards by 3to 4 yards, for under a sovereign. Hugs of im- mense variety, lovely Skin Rugs, Axminster, in facto! every conceivable design, shade, and colour, forming a gorgeous display.

tre- the of of Dies tral

e is We aM, bori. lire, rule pec- loot ture are the tire cost cost hese with with or ; Buy- tted Lally dtes Play

raw- Aing Dom. reen iety. .quar mice.

.6d. iture Le by ne of that )118h- area.

horn,

minutes.

£lO FULL SERVICE Al SILVER TABLE PLATE. t 4 7 _ S. D —tablespoons, 12s. 61, ; twelve table forks.2ss.; twelve dessert spooos,lsB. 6d.; twelve dessert forks 15s. 6,-1,; twelve teaspoons, 88. 61. ; twelve egg spoons, Bs. 6d, and one pair sngsrtongs. 2s. These are all plated with pure silver upon solid nicit,•l silver, each article bears the official Al stamp, and griarariteed (by written warranty) to wear twenty Years. Any portion sold separately if desired, Approval. -----.------D-hN C'S £4 10g. GOLD CURB ALBERT. 475. 0 ~ (Cost 4 10s.) for Gent's very Handsome D. Solui Gold ALBERT, massive curb pattern, stamped by Government on every link. Another similar 'Chen, only 395. Ga.; '°' ti £4. Another Gold Albert and £ Pendant. £2 193. 6d.; worth £5 10s. All slightly second- hand, but no v.-orso than new, and warranted less than half- price. old chains exchanged. Payments taken. E LADVS £3 103. S 31OLI GOLD DOUBL ALBE RT. it Only (Worth 3 10s.) for Lady's most 13,EteT,tonfild full double length, With fe.urViaDud. solimeaeuct slides, two cirors. tassel, and bolt ring, all in rolid Government stamped gold. Payments or cash Special offer. One only, alfr‘vitedAoL ri,,naln,, LADIES' AND 'GENTS' SOLID GOLD 011AINS ARE GEORGE, GuF,AT SPEOIALITE. . _ gllos SET FINE ART I)RESDEN VASE'S.

artistic and 44 a - The Pair for thesewsge hribs,.ineaocs,t, .1-')S. VD. valuable VASRS, having Jour lovely hand-paluted panels, alternately Arcadian human 11Rures and flowers, with divisions in real gold. Also another Pair Vases, costly Doulton. hand-painted ; now only 5s ed, Worth 30s. Must be sold. COSTLY VASES AT ONE-THIRD VALUE, GEORGE'S. 5 TO 1.-.; n S. Pure Guinea Gold 22-carat Govern- • II 1,/ S. I-ilea stamped WHDDING RINGS. is in every pound cheaper than any other house in the .trade. A fashion Able Hall-marked solid ;3-old Keeper given free with each ring. Largest stock in the city. Finger-size card Ire, • to any address. (IEORGE & COMPA ,po , ‘op - • , v.. site Crane & Sons). SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. "Atton, Bo3tle, and North Trams pass Door every two

===== 0002601_18960104_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
RIVALLING THE RAINBOW.

Oilcloths and Linoleums are here cuts to pieces; thousands of yards are here daily slashed and cut intaall shapes to fit the various houses they are intended for. The prices are also cut, in fact, cut so fine that you would require a magnifying glass to discover any profit made out of this department. We saw Oilcloths from lid. per ya-d and Linoleums from 6& per yard. The best Scotch Oilcloths and Linoie ms are displayed from Is. 3d. per yard to 2s. 11d. We should like to 'peak of all the wonderful things displayed for sale, but we must be pre. paring to leave The Pantheon in order to c Itch our train. We, therefore, hu, ry throug" tho Offim Furniture Department, the Brass Fender and Firebrass Department. the Miscellane- ous Department quickly on to the latest addition, the Music Department. Hark! What do we hear?

MUSIC. HEAVENLY AND SUBLIMB. The "Hallelujah Chorus," Hividel's masterpiece, is being rolled along in glorious harmony by a gentleman who lates wc discovered to be " The Proprietor.' American Organ are here displayed in reat variety, mostly secondhand for. instance, a Mason and Hamelin organ os,u be purchased for 10 guineas which cost £4O. The iianofortea sic in strong evidence, and a great credit to Mr. Worsley, who buys everything for "The Pantheon" himself. Pianos by Erard, Steinway, Broadwoud, Bechstein, Justin Browne, Col- lard, Brinsmead, and all the best makers are displayed at prices simplY amazing. Brard pianos, the king of all In- struments. are priced at £l5, £2O, and Ma. Marvellous value. Who would buy a cheap German piano which in 12 months would be worse than a Jew's harp, when you can obtain a fine second-hand piano by one of the best makers for a fourth of the original price? New pianos by all the best makers are here sold for a profit of 10 per cent; Wore- lev's will procure any instrument, byany maker, for a simple 10 per cent profit, and pay carriage. Neuineyer pianos. quite new, spendid pianos, for 3i guineas, list price 50, giumeas ; Kirkman's steel upright pianos £33, list £6O I Brinernead's £3O, Collard's £3O, Hon .nson's £25, and so on, showing a marvellous swim, on the ordinary maSio- sellers' price. Magnificent • und-hand planes at £3, 2,5, up to £lO, wonderfuli• ..rgains.

IN CONULUSION. we find that "The Pantheon'' is undoubtedly three times the size of any other furnishing house in Manchester •we have visited every rival establishment, but none can hold a candle to "The Pantli•-on." The universal courtesy exbended to every visitor, whether a buyer or simply inspecting, is a strong recommendation to all to pay a visit to "The Patheon" before purchasing furniture. And although a terrific cash trade is daily in evidence, yet Mr. Worslev is such a strong opponent te the iniquitous hire system that to combat these evils, which mean a serious loss to those starting in life (see "Tit Bits," for October 12th). Worsley's now give credit to all respectable buyers at exactly the same price charged forcash, but mike a direct charge of 10 P,r cent above the invoice price. This is a boon, preventing the extortion- ate prices usually charged on the hire system. Now our visit- ,is ende 3, and after thanking the saleman for his courtesy ia, -showing us round, we cannot help but marvel, as we wend our way to the station, upon the marvellous skill and ability displayed at" The Pantheon" in the building up of what vro- pLetically promises to become one of Ow,: largest concerns. in England. DON'T BUY FURNITURE anywhre until you have visited" The Pantheon," Ilsorthora Manchester, near the Central Station, NAT H. WORSLEY, The Pantheon, Oaythorn V • Maischester. Close to Central station. #.l , HOURS OF BUSISESS EVERY DAY 2to 7.

AT: GI 221

1,0( Other speck Itedu 1,5( Iledu Fin 331101 tion. Ma; *.COS3

own] Bxtri baba mord otam keylE +3la r het N 14.1aCt

a epic 18-car DIAN half 62a 6d

18

'with ' new r wort!, and Heart 15-ear The Puree /Axe al will lc ILI de

fun je"el _CrYsti aoth Ottani nevi.

make . raent Prove eases dead Appr

Info able Mass' data/ 'Years Payn 18 W (

With

'forks 15s. E and Bilve etam Years

- stun ehati Vend hand Price

four 1 IRun parr ' 'wort] COS]

flow trade free Card (Oppc vemt,

===== 0002601_18960104_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR GROCER FOR MC n OTTGALUS PATENT SELFR A ISING FLOUR

===== 0002601_18960104_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AMIN ER. SATURDAY, January 4th, 1896.

WUATEVER may be said of the The Foreign Outlook. prospects of home trade at the

beginning of another ;;;;;—;;;;;;; the whole the auguries seem favourable in tha t respect—the country can hardly be congratulated on the promising outlook in regard to its foreign relations. In America, in South Africa, and in both the Near and the Far East there are un- settled questions which may at any time develop critical situations. Since the traexpected scare of a fortnight ago there seems to be a tendency to belittle the importance of the now issues between Great Britian and the United States that were raised by the PRESIDENT'S message. Yet, as a matter of fact, the Venezuelan controversy stands Prettyimuch where it did on the day that Mr. CLEVELAND'S remarkable utterances were cabled across the Atlantic. The American Congress has adopted with practical unanimity the PRESIDENT'S dictatorial proposal to appoint a commission to inquire into the boundaries of a British colony. It may be further assumed that Congress also endorsed—it certainly did not protest against— the PRESIDENT'S recommendation that the findings of the commission, if they did not square with British ideas of equity, should be enforced by the material powers of the United States. That is the account as it stands between this country and the United States at the present time, and even the most optimist can hardly say that it is entirely free from the possibility of com- plications. The commission will, doubtless, pursue its inquiries more or less thoroughly and then it will report. What will be the nature of its report? It is clear that momentous results may depend upon the answer to this question. If the com- mission wishes to meddle with a frontier line which has been settled for many years past, and which is considered by this country to be as much out- side the scope of foreign arbitration as the boundary of an English county,then the situation will Inofaty v hbeeelcraohnmagpeusaextremely critical. Mr. CLEVELAND language eridhee huismedseilnf his message;brusqueness possibly think that that is the way a " Great Republic" should talk to the "effete Monarchic)

of Europe, but he may yet live to learn that in dealing with international affairs a little diplomatic reserve is not to be despised. In the event of an unfavourable 'report by the commission he has left his country practically no means of escape from a disastrous war except the humiliating pro- cess known as "climbing down" or persuading by peaceful means Great Britain to "climb down." On the whole the situation that has been created is not creditable to the statesmanship of the American President, and it may even yet require all the "common sense" that Mr. GLAD- STONE referred to in order to avoid a deplorable rupture between the two great branches of the Anglo-Saxon race. Another startling illustration of the enormous amount of inflammable material—politically speaking of course lying scattered about the British Empire has been given this week in South ' Africa. We refer to the unexpected and, it would seem, lawless invasion of the Transvaal by Dr. JAMESON with a force of eight hundred or a thousand fully armed men. Dr. JAMESON is an officer of the British South African Company and he and all the men under his command are British subjects. The Tranvaal is a Republic con- trolled by the Boers, descendants of the old Dutch settlers in South Africa, nnd apart from the fact that it acknowledges the suzerainty of the British Crown in regard to its foreign affairs, it is practi- &fly an independE.nt country. This inva- sion of a friendly country tan, therefore, so far as is yet known, only be described as one of the most audacious piratical raids known to history. The reasons or excuses that I will be made for Dr. JAMESON'S action are easily anticipated. The British residents in the: Transvaal have at the present time some serious grievances to complain of. They are superior to the Boers in numbers, in wealth and in education yet they are not &lowed any voice in the govern- ment of the country. They provide most of the taxes necessary for the administration of the state but they exercise no control over the spending of this money. And it is said that in addition to denying them the franchise their Boer rulers have shown an increasing disposition to harrass them in their business operations and to discourage further British immigration by various acts of petty tyranny, though it must be admitted that many of these allegations have been stoutly repudiated. On the other hand, it cannot be doubted that the Outlanders," as the new resid- ents of the Transvaal are described, have been a severe thorn in the side of the phlegma- tic Dutchmen. They have demanded the franchise with increasing persistency, and recently there have been open threats that they would secure their demands by fore, of arms if necessary. The Boers have not be( slow to declare that they will meet force with . force, and it is not doubted that they will be as good as their word. It is evident therefore that an attempt will be made to exonerate Dr. JAMESON on the ground that he advanced into the Trans- vaal for the purpose of protecting his own country- men from the violence of the Boers. That the British Government is not of opinion that this invasion of a friendly state was justifiable is shown by the peremptory commands that were sent out to Dr. JAMESON to immediately retire from the Transvaal. It is now known that the interfer- ence of the home government has not :been suc- cessful in preventing an armed conflict between the opposing sides, Dr. Jameson's rash act hav- ing ended in a disastrous defeat and a complete surrender of the whole of his forces. The rela- tions between the" Outlanders" and the Boers will now have to be definitely settled in one fashion or another, and, considering that both France and Germany claira to have interests in the Transvaal, a satisfactory settlement may not be easily arrived at.

According to the reports upon Home Trade. commercial matters which have been published within the last few days there has been an improvement in trade during the year that has just closed, though the improvement has not, on the whole, been of a very decided character. There was between the years 1890 and 1894 a fall in the value of the exports from this country to the extent of £13,500,000 ; last year the tide turned and a recovery was made to the value of £8,295,000. This would seem to show that the period of depression has come to an end and that a period of expansion has begun. More than half the increase is accounted for by the larger quantities of yarns and woven pods exported. Amongst the other manufactured or partly manufactured commodities for which foreign or colonial customers have sent larger orders are enumerated cycles, coal products, earthenware, leather, wool, arms and ammunition and machinery and millwork. It is just possible that JOHN BULL may regard the last-named articles with a certain amount of dubiety. An increased demand for arms and ammunition is, for instance, not a reassuring symptom, for these lethal weapons cannot be used in many parts of the world without disturbing the peace of one section or another of British subjects. Then, an increasing export of English-made machinery is not an altogether satisfactory :thing to contem- plate. Is this machinery to be used by intending competitors in the Far East and elsewhere to the detriment of British trade? That is a question which deserves the attention of both manufac- turers and artisans in this country. Last year will bo famous for the speculative mania over ISouth Africa mining schemes. So wild was this speculation that at one time the value of the shares of gold-mining companies with a nominal capital of £50,000,000 reached the stupendous Stock Exchange value of £250,0)0,000. The shares of one mine which were quoted at 14s. in September, 1894, were afterwards valued at fersot 12 12s. Gd., and in another case the rise was m othereilhal.aisb. ee6nd. a clotnaiidsernacbelde- Ia tosss.ay 6d h. to decline since the highest figures were reached • There was however no improvement in agriculture during last year, as an additional half 'million acres went out of arable cultivation. In the carry- ing industries, railways showed an increase of re- ceipts especially in the latter part of the year, but on the other hand 1895 is spoken of as one of the worst years, if not the worst year, on record for shipowners. Yet in spite of low frieghts there was an increase of about 700,000 tons in ship- ping during the year.

Some further particulars of the determined and business-like attempt to open up a direct traffic be- tween Manchester and the Australian ports have been given in the Manchester " Guardian.' Ai:- cording to an Australian correspondent of that jour- nal the deepest interest is telt at Aelborne and Sydney in the pioneer voyage of the steamer, Gulf of Siam, which is due in Manchester towards the end of January. Her cargo will be made up of 43,000 caresses of mutton, 6,000 bales of wool, 50 crates of rabbits, 100 tons of preserved fruits and meat, and various smaller quantities of antipodean

===== 0002601_18960104_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATL.... JANUARY 4, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
products. The Gulf of Siam has been specially built for the Canal traffic, and her commander, Captain J. Sanderson, who has made an inspection of the canal, does not anticipate any difficulties so far as the navigation of the waterway or the handling of the cargo is concerned.

The news from Armenia does not improve as time goes on. A Constantinople correspondent of the "Speaker "gives fitting and graphic ac- count of the persecution of the Christians which still continues in spite of all protests by the Eng- lish and other Governments. This correspondent says" A number of villages in the Erzeroum, Van, and Kharput vilayets have accepted Mahometan- iim ; one bishop and a number of priests in differ- ent places have yielded under torture. The churches have been destroyed, and in several places the peo- ple burned alive in them. At Kharput one church has been changed into a mosque, another into a stable. The great monasteries have been sacked and burned. In a number of villages the people were stripped of their clothing and left naked, without food or shelter. From most of them every moveable thing was carried off and the houses des- troyed. Money sent from Constantinople to re- lieve some of the refugees has been seized by the authorities under pretence of collecting taxes from them. The Commissioners sent from here to carry out the promised reforms are treating the Armenians who have escaped the massacres as though they had no right to live, and there is a reign of terror in most of the towns where the mas- sacres have taken place. This, in brief, is the con- dition of the people whom England undertook to protect, for whom England, Russia and France de- manded security for person, property, and religion, and who are recommended to be patient by the six Great Powers. And the Sultan sits in his palace and laughs !" Still later reports confirm the allegation that even the relief sent out from England to save from hunger and starvation the Armenians who survive the numerous massacres is seized by the Turkish officials or their allies the Kurds. Yet in the face of all this,that wonderful " concert" of Europe upon which Lord Salisbury seemed to place so much re- liance can apparently do nothin .

The Warrington Dramatic Society is I con- gratulated upon the success of the dramatic per- formances recently given in the Royal Court Theatre. As a result of the three night's entertain- ment the Society has found itself in a position to hand over no less a sum than one hundred guineas in aid of the Infirmary. It is needless to say that this donation will be very acceptable to the honor- ary treasurer and the committee of management of the Infirmary. The wo of the Infirmary in- creases 80 continuously that it is now not an easy task to make the income cover the expenditure, and there is, we believe, reason to fear that unless the

sources of income are increased either by public or private generosity the institution will not be able to cope with the needs of a growing population at all costs not so thoroughly as in the past.

The Committee of the Warrington Floral and Horticultural Society were able to present a satisfactory report at the annual meeting which was held on Monday. They have been very succes lid with the shows which have been held during the past two years and they have therefore every en- couragement to go on with the society. It is a great pity that the gentry of the district do not show a little more sympathy with the society, for then its success would be assured beyond all ques- tion. Mr. John Crosfield has set them a very good example by his gift of bulbs and offer of prizes to those who made the best use of them. At the meeting of the society, a strong committee was ap- pointed, and with the assistance of the energetic secretary, and treasurer, Mr. Ryan, and Mr. J. Ful- ton Smith, another good season is I:Joked forward to.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

PRRSENTATION To A CLASS LEADER.

On Thursday evening last week in one of the ves- tries at Brunswick School Runcorn, the members of the Young Men's Society Class partook of tea at the invitation of their leader, Mr. J. Nancollis. During the evcning Mr. Wesley Coventry, on behalf of the class,pre- sented Mr. Nancollis with a writing case, as a taken of the respect and esteem in which they held him. The re- cipient suitably acknowledged the kindness extended to him, and made reference to the good work being ac- complished in connection with the class. On the pro- position of Mr. J. W. Leathwood, seconded by Mr. J. Simkin, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Nancollis for the way in which he had entertained them. During the evening a number of games were indulged in.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRISON'S GLEE PARTY AT WIDNES.

An entertainment was given by a number of Runcorn friends, comprising Mr. Harrison's Glee Party, in the West Bank Mission Hall,Widnes,on Saturday,when they rendered " Excelsior" and "The Message" with good effect. Miss Hayes was encored for the "Song that reached my heart," which she ilang with great pathos. Mr. Arnold Povah received an encore for his song "The Old Soldier," and also for a violin solo which he played with his usual abillty. Songs were also contributed by Messrs. S. Harrison, A. Kermack, and T. Wailing, and Miss Agnes Davies gave a recitation in her usual ' finished style. Miss Tracey and Mr. J. Holford, jun., acted as accompanists in a very capable and satisfac- tory manner. Votes of thanks to the chairman and per- formers were passed at the close.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF MRS. JOHNSON.

The remains of Mrs. Louisa Johnson, aged 67 years,of Bod Menrig, Rhyl, were laid to rest in the family vault in Runcorn Parish Church graveyard, on Saturday. The service was conducted by the Rev. Dr. Preston, as- sisted by the Rev. H. C. Moyle. Among those present were Mr. T. E. R. Johnson (St. Asaph), Mr. J. Alcock Johnson (Birkdale), Mr. John Gamon (Chester), Mr. Hubert Potts (Chester), Mr. Walter Wynne (Abergele), and Mr. E. B. Bibby (St. Asapli). The bearers were Messrs. Thomas Kirkham, William Kirkham, Thomas Brassendale, and Samuel Partington. Among the others present were Messrs. James Higgins, J. W. Lightburn,J. J. Speakman, T. Riley,William Rigby, E. Clare, E. Bras- sendale, P. Radley, James Barker, Robert Norman, Jos. Hayes and J. Hewitt. On the coffin was a number of beautiful floral offerings, the contributors being Mrs. James Gamon, The Grange, Aston Hayes ; the servants, Mrs. Twiston, Mrs. Manton, Surbiton ; Mr. F. C. B. Bonnin, Mr. George P. Airey, Mr. Thomas Kirkham, Runcorn; and Mrs. Booth. RUNCORN BOATING CLUB CONVERSAZIONE.

The second conversazione in connection with the Run- corn Boating Club was attended with success. It was held on Wednesday evening in the Drill Hall, which had been most tastefully decorated for the occasion. About 200 persons were present, and dancing was kept up with zest until early next morning. The music was supplied by Mr. Powell's band of Widnes. The duties of M.C.'s were satisfactorily fulfilled by Messrs. W. Crosby, H. Wright, and T. Whinyates. The programme consisted of 24 items, several of which are known as Leap year dances. Mrs. Broady was in charge of the refreshment department. Plants had been kindly lent by Sir Richard Brooke, Norton Priory, and Mrs. Hazlehurst, of the Grange. SCHOLARS' TEA MEETING AT BRUNSWICK-STREET.

About 200 elder scholars connected with Brunswick. street Wesleyan Sunday School had their annual tea meeting on Wednesday evening. The schoolroom had been tastefully decorated for the occasion by Mr. Yates. After tea, numerous games were indulged in,and several musical and other items were agreeably iiaterpersed. The Rev. T. Brackenbury opened the proceedings with a few appropriate remarks. Mr. Edward Taylor presided, and Mr. Eden was master of ceremonies. Mr. Harrison sang" Jack's ashore," and Miss Leathwood and Mr. William Leathwood contributed a pianoforte duet. Miss Unsworth perfume() a pianoforte solo. Two interesting items were the performances of Mr. T. Burrow's mock band. Mr. John Bisbrown recited, and Mr. George Marsh read an amusing Lancashire sketch. The procead- ings were of a most enjoyable character. For NADIR BUOOCIIRS, solid .silver name brooches

10,1. (any name) Government stamped. Presents or ArticlesTfor yourself, you may visit DEBRIIT'S, 10, CHURCH-STREET. LIVERPOOL, where 'yeti can !get hundreds of articles such as Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket !Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. See advertisement (Illustrated Chron- graph Watch, Gs. lid.. etc.), on page 7 of this Paper. -Advt. ST. MICRAEL'S SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The annual distribution of prizes to the scholars at- tending this school was held on Monday evening in the schoolroom, Shaw-street. There was a crowded atten- dance. Amongst those present were the Rev.'A. J. James- son, Rev. H. C. Moyle, Miss Barclay, Mr. Pown .11 ksuper- intendent), Mr. Branch and others. The prizes which consisted of books were awarded for regular attendance and good conduct during the year. Miss Barclay grace- fully distributed them. An interesting programme of songs and dialogues was gone through by the scholars. who had been prepared by the Sunday school teachers. In addition to providing three of the special prizes, Miss Barclay also wiped off the debt remaining on the splen- did new banner which was displayed in the room. The Rev. A. J. Jameson in the course of a short address re- ferred to his impending removal from Runcorn,and hoped that hip successor, the Rev. H. C. Moyle, would meet with that same generous sympathy and help which had been extended to him. Miss Barclay was thanked for her services on the motion of the Rev. H. C. Moyle seconded by Mr. Pownall. An orange was presented to each child on departing by Father Christmas (Mr. Branch). RIINcORN SONS _OP TEMPERANCR..

The annual meeting of this order was held on Satur- day evening, in the Greenway-road Sunday School,under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Heesom, Mr. T. J. Holt I reported that there had been paid away in sick benefits £2OO during the year, which was £l5 more than last year. This on the whole was satisfactory, and showed , the amount of good the society was doing. The election of officers took place. Mr. Thomas Cooke announced that owing to pressure of business outside the division he would not be able to continue to act as financial secretary to the division. Great regret was expressed by the members, as Mr. Cooke had held the position for about 20 years. Mr. Thomas J. Holt and Mr. Ed ward Key were nominated for the vacant office. On the votes being counted it wd found that the numbers were even. The Chairman then gave his casting vote to Mr. lloy, and he was declared elected, Mr. Holt being afterwards elected recording secretary,and sick steward. The other officers elected were—Presiding officer, Mr. Ernest Hob- son ; associate, Mr. George Holt ; conductor, Mr. Henry Millington; assistant conductor. Mr. T. Inman; sentinel, Mr. W. E. Eden ; sick steward, Mr. Thomas Clarke; secretary of Cadets, Mr. James Johnson; patron of Cadets, Mr. Thomas Whyte. The bllowing ware elected to represent the division at the Cheshire Grand Division annual session, on January 18th, 1898, at Chester : Messrs. T. Heesom, T. J. Holt. J. Clarke. J. Johnson' T. Temperlev. Cooke, and Daniel Bisbrown. Mr. Thomas Whyte will also represent the Cadets of Temper- ance.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
AS9Atrt.TS ON TRig POUCH Al RUNCORN.

On Friday, at Runcorn Police Court, before Messrs. F. J. Norman and K. Imisun, John O'Hare Bacup, Lan- cashire, was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and also with assaulting P.C. Kendrick, whilst in the execution of his duty. The officer named stated that he was on duty in lialton-roadv on the 25th inst., about 9.15, and he saw the prisoner there. He wits stopping women and cursing them because they would not give him money. The constable asked him to go away, hut prisoner struck him in the face. They struggled, and when on the ground the prisoner started kicking him. Witness had to carry him nearly all the way, and when he was in the cell he repeated his attack, again succeed- ins in kicking him. The Bench fined prisoner ss. and costs for drunkenness, and 21 days' hard labour for the assault.—Walter Hill, Walrefield, was also charged with having been drunk, and with assaulting P.C. Wylie,who said that he was on duty, in company with P.S. Brews- ter, on the previous night about 11.59, on Waterloo Bridge. They heard a row on a canal boat at the top locks, and went on the opposite side of the waterway, where they heard cries of " lqu'rder," and calls for the police. Tke constable went to the boat next to the one where prisoner vas, and saw him kick his wife. The moment witness got on the next boat prisoner rushed at him and kicked him. He followed this up with another rush, and this time kicked him with his foot Prisoner tried PO threw the officer into the water, and he again kicke3 him and this time broke his temp. A fine of 10s. and costs was Imposed. NEW YEAR'S DAY:

The year 1896 was ushered in at Runcorn with the customary ringing of bells, the piercing shrieks of whistles at the works on both sides of the river, the hummine of bu27,rs and fn.; horns of vessels, and the noise of swribs, mingled with the strains of music, the carols of singers, and mutual good wishes for a happy and prosperous new year. The watch night services held at many of the churches and chapels were exceptionally well attended, arid when the congregations dispersed shortly after midnight the streets presented an animated appearance. The weather was remarkably mild for the season of the year,and there was a little spitting of rain. At the Parish Church the service was conducted by the Rev. W. H. Stables, and at Trinity Church the Rev. Dr. Preston was in charge of the service. At St. Paul's Wes- leyan Chapel the Rev. T. Bracksnbury was assisted by Mr. B. Crosby, and at Halton-road Wesleyan Chapel, the Rev.' William George conducted. The Rev. T. Brarnall was assisted by Messrs.Beoth aud Hayes at the Primitive Methodist Vree Chapel, Greenwey-road. A watch night serviee was also held at the Seamen's Institute where there was a good number of sailors. Mr. W. Shaw, missionery. conducted the service. Appropriate hymns were sung and addresses delivered at all the places of worship mentioned. Watch night services were also conducted in several of the surrounding villages. Most ot the business places in the town were closed either the whole or part of New Year's Dar,but many of the works went on as usual The chief attraction in the town was the football match between Runcorn and Wakefield Trinity, at' which there was a large attendance.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCOVN COUNTY COURT.

A sitting of this court was held on Tuesday before his honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes. The business of tbe court was very light consisting purely of one adjourned, one default,seven original.and five judgment summonses. An interesting feature of the proceedings was the season- able compliments which passed between the legal pro- fesbion and the Judge. Mr. Burton speaking on behalf of his confreres said that that being the last sitting of the court and also the last day of the year he had much pleasure in wishing him a very happy New Year. He hoped his honour might be spared for many years to preside over the proceedings of that court. He (Mr. Burton) had been practising before his honour for the last fifteen years and he had always experienced pleasure in doing so. Notwithstanding the advanced age of his honour, time seemed to have dealt very leniently with him.—His flonGur said he was very much obliged for the kind remarks and reciprocated them to the legal gentlemen. He hoped that the health he enjoyed might continue. Time probably might have been lenient with him, but he could not forget that he was getting older. But with his present state of health he should continue to preside over the courts, which was a very great pleasure to do.

SEWING MACHINES. Hand £2 18s. 6d Treadle £4 48. With handsome walnut coyer.—J. and W. DUTTON. 16 and 18. Sankey-qt., Warrington —Advt. OILS.—GARLAND. Importer, 51, Bridge-street. Warr i ngton.

SEWING Illecirnuts Hand £L 10s• Treadle £4 els with handiome walnut cover.-3. and W. Durrell, 16 and 18, Sankey-at., Warrington.—Ad.

189, lIHNT BOOKS (Saturday or Motchy) now read 4.— JOHN S. GREEN, 34 eridge.street. and 23, Buttermarket.— Advt.

( 1 EO. G. TIUSSEY CO., are the leaaing makers of appli- -,31 ances for Football, Hockey. Golf, Lacrosse and all Sports and Games,also for Gymnasium and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue may be obtained from Local Dealers or he SPORTS BIANUFICTCYRY. London B.S.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. EDWARD'S LEAGUE OF THE CROSS, RUNCORN.

The annual election of officers of this league was held on Sunday evening. Mr. R. Clinch, the president, occu- pied the chair. Mr. John P. Quinn, who has occupied the position of secretary, was unanimously elected presi- dent ; Mr. John Dowd,vice-president ; Mr. Henry Caskey secretary ; Mr. P. Ford, chief warden. The members comprising the Council are Messrs. Conway,L. Rafferty, .1. Loughman, J. Caskey,jun., M. J. Richmond (Widnes), J. Monaghan, W. Hoxworth, F. J. Quinn, J. Naughton, J. Caskey, Ben., and_M.Fahy.

tAMDF.- N WESLEYAN- SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The annual scholars' tea meeting in connection with this school was held on Wednesday and Thursday even- ings. The elder scholars had their gathering on New Years' Day,when about 130 were present. A substantial tea was provided,after which a short musical programme wasigone through. Songs were contributed by Miss Emily and Mr. John Baz'ey, and Messrs. Charles Ditch- field and Arthur Dutton performed a violin and 'cello duet. A reading was also given by Mr. Littler. Games were afterwards engaged in. The junior scholars had their annual tea meeting on Thursday. About 100 were present. After tea they enjoyed a romp until about 8 o'clock.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHOIR.

The annual social gathering of members and friends of the Primitive Methodist choir,Greenway-road,was held on Wednesday evening. There was a good attendance. An excellent tea was provided, and games were after- wards indulged in until supper was served. Altogether a most enjoyable time was spent. •

THE NEW CURATE FOR RUNCORN.

The Rev. W. Scholes. 8.A., of Pembroke College, Cambridge, and Wells Thological College, will, it is stated in the Parish Magazine for this month, have charge of the Central ward district, and be attached par- ticular,' to the Parish Church. Tim Rmv. H. C. Moyle, 8.A., is to undertake the Newtown district, and be specially attached to St.Micihael's in the place of the Rev. A. J. Jameson who has new taken up his new work.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING WEDDING AT OVERTON.

REYNOLDS-BLAIN.

A marriage in which a great deal of interest was taken in Halton and surreunding tow.nships, was cele- brated at Overton Church,Frodsham,on Thursday after- noon. The contracting parties were Mr.Artbur C. Blain, youngest son of Mr. William Blain,of Ashfield,Brom horo', Cheshire,and Miss Kathleen,only daughter ot Mr. Henry Reynolds, J.P., of Norton Lodge,near Halton. The little village of Norton was en fete for the occasion, and there was general rejoicing. The day was observed as a holi- day at Mr. Henry Reynolds' tannery, Astmore, and the employes together with a number of residents had dis- played great iegenuitv in the erection of triumphal arches. One was fixed over the gateway leading to the lodge, and consisted of evergreens and flags and other bunting. On one side was the motto " Long life to the bride and bridegroom," and on the other" A Happy and Prosperous New Year." In the centre were the monograms of the bride and bridegroom. At the entrance to the village from Halton there was another arch on which the following sentiments were expressed "Heal h and happiness to the bride and bridegroom," and " Hearty good wishes for your future life." This arch was beautifully draped with Union Jacks, and de- corated with evergreens. Before the marriage ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Charles Reynolds, of Overton, entertained a number of invited guests. It may also be here men- tioned that on Wednesday evening the workmen at Act- more tannery were entertained to a supper at the Norton Arms Hotel. Halton, served in Mr. Birch's best style. The toast of the " Bride and Bridegroom" was drur.lc with enthusiasm and several others.

Soon alter mid-day on Thursday, ' many were to be seen wending their way to the time-hononred church at Overton, to witness the marriage ceremony. Punctu- ally at 1.30 the bride entered the church, and proceeded down the aisle leaning on the arm of her father, quickly followed lay the bridesmaids. The bride who looked par- ticularly handsome was given away by her father. She wore a dress of rich ivory satin with court train,and the bodice was trimmed with chiffon, orange blossoms, and old lace. She wore a wreath of orange blossoms and myrtle, and an Irish point lace veil, the gift of her aunt (Mrs. Benson). She was adorned with some valuale diamonds, the gift of the bridegrocm. In her hand was a beautiful shower bouquet of white flowers. The brides- maids were Miss Gladys Benson, Miss Rosalind Hutch- ings (cousins of the bride), Miss Gladys and Dora Blain (neices),and Miss Raverslroft(cousin of the bridegroom), Their dresses were of white merveilleux silk with yellow satin yokes, white chip hats trimmed with ribbon and feathers to match,and carried bouquets of daffodils and lilies of the valley. They wore gold arrow and pearl horseshoe bros‘ches, the gift of the bride- groom. The duties of best man were satisfactorily ful- filled by Mr. Fred Blain, brother of the bridegroena. The officiating clergymen were the Rev. H. B. (Blom! (vicar of Frodsham),and the Rev. G. D. Wray (vicar of Halton) The ceremony over, the newly-married couple, and witnesses proceeded to the vestry where the registry was signed. Mr. R. Birkett Musgrove struck up on the organ Mendelssohn's well-known " Wedding March." Hearty congratulations were extended to the happy couple on all hands,and on emerging from the church they were met with showers ofrice.They afterwards drove off to Norton, but on arriving at the lodge gates the horses were unyoked, and a number of workmen and friends dragged the carriage, containing the bride and bride- groom, to the house. A reception was held at the resi- dence of the bride's parents when upwards of 150 guests were entertained. During the afternoon the happy pair left for the Runcorn Station, and proceeded to London en route for the Continent. The wedding equipages were supplied by Messrs. Yarwood and Son, Runcorn. Many valuable presents were received.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED NEW WORKS AT WESTON POINT.

Itvis now reported that an instalment has been paid by the Castner-Kellner Alkali Company for land at Weston Point upon which they intend to erect works for the manufacture of chemicals. The site consists of over 20 acres, and negotiations have been in progress for some time for the purchase. The plans are in a forward state of preparation,and it may be expected that building operations will be commenced about February. The machinery is to be sunplied by Messrs. Mather and Platt, Limited, Salford Ironworks, Manchester, the principal of that firm heinr a director. The estimated cost of the works is £130,000. and it is intended to erect by successive electrical installations, each complete in itself, up to 4,060 horse power. It is also stated that the company will employ about 300 hands. They intend to manufac- ture caustic alkali and bleaching powder by means of the electrolytic decomposition of salt or alkali salts. The construction of the new works should find employment for many at present out of work, and prove of considerable benefit to the town.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
CLIFTON.

TEA AND ENTERTAINMENT.—In the Primitive Methodist Chanel on Wednesday evening, a tea and entertainment was given, and there was a large attendance. Mr. William Hoxworth, of Runcorn, occupied the chair, and the children who contributed to the programme were under the conductorship of Miss Annie Rowlands. A number of action sengs were contributed by thescholars, and recitations were given by A. McKeown, William Leatham, M. Wynne, A. Leathern, G. Wynne, C. Booth, B. Rovlands. John Wynne, James McKeown, S. Row- lands, C. Williams. M. Williams and J. Oultram. Songs were rendered by C. Leatham, William Johnson, S. Rowlands, M. Wynne and M. Auchin. There were two dialogues taken part in by C. Leathern, N. Fletcher, and Miss A. Fletcher and others. R. Peecockelind W. John- son contributed readings. The programme, although a lengthy one, was much appreciated.

Poucz Comm—On Thursday, befofe Mr. C. Reynolds and Dr: Steele, Emmanuel Johns and William Johns were charged with begging at Helsby. It appeared that both prisoners were in possession of silver watches and money.—Mary Bailey was charged with a similar 'offence in Church-st., Frodsham, the previous night.—They were all committed to prison for seven days.—Thomas Clarke was charged with assaultin7 Josenh Lewis and Robert Roughsedge, Frodsham. on the 28th ult. The prisoner who was under the influence of drink, knocked them down and kicked them, and injured their faces. He was committed to prison for a month without the option of a fine.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING AT OUGHTRINGTON, LYIIII.

On Thursday afternoon, December 26th, at Oughtrington Parish Church, by the Rev. N. G. Knocker, Rector, Miss Elizabeth Owen, third daughter of Mr. George Owen, of Oughtrington, Mr. Walter William Baker, second son of Mr. Joseph Baker, of Warrington. The bride was attired in French grey crepon draped with white lace and sprays of orange blossom with white felt hat trimmed with white feathers and orange blossom. She carried a beautiful bouquet of camellia and maiden-hair fern. A pretty feature in the wedding consisted of the four bridesmaids, Misses L. and M. Owen (sisters of the bride), Miss C. Darbyshire and Miss Mauke, who wore dresses of corn-flour blue and large black velvet hats. Each carried a bouquet of choice white flowers. Mr. Fred Owen acted as best man. As the party was leaving the church the organist. Mr. 0. G. Smith, played Mendelssohn's Wedding March. The breakfast was partaken of at the bride's father's house, after which the party adjourned to the Heatley Hotel,where a large room had been provided for dancing. The guests num- bering about fory included friends from Birming- ham, Southport.Hyde, Stockport,Sale and Warring- ton. Messrs. Maginn, Warrington, furnished the carriages,in v, hich the Warrington party journeyed in the morning. The presents were exceedingly numerous and included valuable and useful articles,

5

abbertisement not elaotfirti.

QBRVANT, strong GENERAL Wanted at once; age 18 to 20.—Apply 20, UPPER BEAN-ST., Liverpool, Holg de.

WANTED. General SERVANT ; washing put out.—Apply 38, BUTTERMARKET-ST., Warrington.

EARLESTOWN MUSICAL SOCIETY.

Patrons : Councillor Ormand, Councillor Slee, Dr. Valentine. and T. Molyneux, Esq. THE

Al ESSI A H.

TOWN HALL, EARLESTOWN TUESDAY, JANUARY 14Tir, 1896. Principal Vocalists : Soprano: MISS YOUNG, MANCHESTER. Contralto: MRS. SHAW, LIVERPOOL. Tenor: MR. H. BERRY, Sr. HELENS.

Bass: MR. NOAH JOHNSON, MANCHESTER.

Band and Chorus about 100.

Leader of the Band, Mr. R. H. PEARSON ; Piano, Miss SUDWORTEI ; Organ, Mr._J. PRESCOTT.

Conductor: Mr. 1. L HYLA.ND. Doors open At 7.30. Concert to commence 8.0 p.m. Carriages, 10.30 p.m.

Dregs Lows, 3;.-; Reserved Seats (numbered), 2s. ; Gallery and Second Seats, Is. ; a few Rack Seats. 6d.

Tickets may be obtained from any of the members ; also from Mr. Peplow and Mr. Atkinson, Bridge-street ; Mr. Roberts, Queen-street ; Mr. Higham, Cross-lane ; Mr. J. R. Barr, Crow-sane ' • Mr. If. Eckersley, Market-street ; Mr. H. Taylor, Financial Secretary, Market-street ; and from the General Secretary. Mr. J. H. Protit, Market-street.

THEATRE ROYAL, ST. HELENS. _____

MRS. LON GSHOR E-POTTS,

Doctor of Medicine, of the Women's Medical College of

rhtladelphla, U.S.A..

IVILL LECTURE

ET

DISEASE"

TO WOMEN ONLY. THURSDAY AFTERNOON, JANUARY 9TE, And on the Afternoons of January I)th, 11th, 13th,

and 14th, at 3 o'eloe't. Doors open at 2.30.

ADMISSION IMRE. Ca Heaton taken.

LiST LECTURE, TUESDAY AFTERNOON, JANUARY 14,

At Three. 416 -Ay 11JL ATERNITY."

SUBJECT:-

Admission ls., and 2s.

All lr tures illustrated by Lirnelight Views, including

many of art and scenery. 10) viewi each Lecture.

DIFFERENT LECTURES AND VIEWS DAILY.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO.,

BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Will hold their

TTALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE

-WINTER SEASON'S GOODS,

On MONDAY NEXT the 6ra Inst.

AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

The REDUCTIONS, as usual, will be very large and an early vigit is reconameuded.

SILKS, DRESS MATERIALS,

LACES, MILLINERY, - MANTLES AND COSTUMES,

CHILDREN'S GARMENTS.

HOSIERY, GLOVES, RIBBONS, UMBRELLAS

HOUSEHOLD LINENS AND FURNISHING,

FANCY GOODS.

GEORGE HENRY LEE &

LIVERPOOL,

THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE ST. HELENS.

Sole Proprietor and Manager. Also Lessee of Theatre Royal, Sheffield, and Theatre Royal. Leicester,

MR. WALLACE /MILL.

Acting Manager and Treasurer, MR. RICHARD SOARS

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896,

AND DURING THE WEEK, Important and Expensive

Re-engagement of MR. W. S. PENLErS COSIPANY,

From the'GLOBII THRATIIR, LONDON, In the Greitest

Success of the Century. the Screaming, Funny, Farcical Comedy,

CH.k.RLEY'S AUNT,

BY BRANDON THOMAS. CHARLEY'S AUNT AT 8.15. To be preceded at 7.31, by a Play, in One Act, entitled.

THE JOURNEY'S END, BY HORACE W. C. NEWTE,

ADMISSION :—Private Boxes, £225., and £1 10s., Dress Circle, 3s. (First Row Dress) ; Orchestra stalls, 2s. ; Up ler Circle, is. 6d. Pit Stalls, Is., Pit Bd., Amphitheatre, 63. Gallery, 4d. Half-Price at 9 e'clock to all parts. Amphitheatre and Gallery excepted.

Sets may be booked between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. daily Doors Open at 7, commence at 7.3 g. Saturdays, half-an-hour earlier. Early Doors will be opened at 6.30 each evening. Parties wishing to avoid thecrush will be admitted by same, on payment of 2d. extra to G.illery 3d. to Amphitheatre, 41.. to Pit, 6d. extra to any other part of the Theatre.

WANTED. Smart energetic IItIBN of unquestionable char- acter and ability as whole or spare time agents for the British Homes Investment Corporation, Limited. To whole or spare time men this affords a splendid opening for thrift and progress.—Apply by letter with full particular, to No, 247. HIGGINSHAW-ROAD, Heyside, Royton. No notice will bet taken of habitual applicants.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKING COLD.

A" Cold "is not necessarily the result of a high or ow temperature. A person may go from a hot bath directly into a cold one, or into snow even, and not take cold. He may remain out in the coldest atmosphere until chilled through, and still not take cold. On the contrary,he may take cold by pouring a couple of table- spoonfuls of water upon some parts of his dress, or by standing in a door, or before a stove, or by sitting near a window or other opening, where one part of the body is colder than another part. Let it be kept in mind that uniformity of temperature over the whole body is the great thing to be looked after. It is the unequal heat upon amerent parts of the body that produces Colds, by disturbing the uniform circulation of the blood, which in turn induces congestion of some part. Keep the feet always dry and warm, avoid draughts of air, keep the system braced up by plenty of sleep and good food, and by a powerful Tonic, and you will be proof against a Cold and its results. The very best Medicine, either for reventing or curing a Cold, is

===== 0002601_18960104_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYII EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS,

TilE VEGETABLE TONIC,

Which is the most perfect Vegetable Remedy known,and the most efficacious to strengthen the constitution, en- liven the drooping or deprested spirits,brace the Nerves, and remove all Disorders of the Stomach which are caused by Indigestion, such as Loss of Appetite, distress after Eating, Acidity of Stomach ,Eructations, Heaviness and Langour. Disorders oi the Liver are often caused by defective Digestion. The potency ot the gastric juice in the process of Digestion is wonderfully aided by the powerful ingredients contained in

GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS,

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. While the Stomach recovers its normal tone, the putrid undigested food is cleared away, and the poor dyspeptic is relieved of his load of misery, once more enjoys good health, and looks forward to happiness and long life.

GWILYIE EVANS' QUININE BIITERS.

THE VEGETABLE TONIC.

Prices: Bottles, 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. each. To be had of all Chemists and Vendors of Patent Medicines in the Kingdom, or will be sent at above Prices direct from the Proprietors :

QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

" FREQUENTING " BY A CONVICTED THIEF. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday be- fore Alderman Harrison, Dr. Gornall and Councillor Roberts,Thomas M'Hugh, Bank-street,a convicted thief, was charged with frequenting Scotland-road and other places at 9 o'clock on Thursday night with felonious in- tent.—Detective Sergeant Monaghan in proving that prisoner was a convicted thief said that he was convicted for felony in 1883 when he was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude; he had also been flogged for robbery with violence from a female. On Thursday night witness was in company with P.C. Meacock,and they were watching prisoner and other men ot a similar character from 7.30 to 9 o'clock. Prisoner was in a beerhouse and kept coming out icto the street, and, pretending to be drunk, would jostle people and then ask for money. He cursed one man who refused him, and then went stealthily into a pro- vision shop but the proprietor was there and saw him Witness thought that if prisoner had found a man drunk he and the others would have immediately robbed him. Witness was standing in a dark corner and prisoner came up and said "Can I speak with you" and then recognising him said" Oh it is you is it, Mr. Monaghan." Monaghan replied" Yes, and I want to speak with you," and forth w!th took him to the Police Station where he was locked up. He was watching pri soner from instructions be had received from the Chief Constable.—P.C. Meacock gave corroborative evidence. —The Chief Constable (Mr. L. Talbot) said that at the present time there was a number of these bad characters and shady people in the town who gave the police a lot of trouble, and he asked for the assistance of the Bench in keeping them down.—Prisoner begged to be let off and promised all manner of reformation, but the Chief Con- stable informed the Bench that he adopted similar be- haviour the last time he was brought up.—He was sent to gaol for two month's hard labour. ASSAULT ON THE POLICE.—HEAVY CONVICTION. James Leonardy, 5, Haydock-street, was charged at the Warrington Borough Court, on Monday, with being drunk and disorderly in Berfoot-street, on Saturday night, and with assaulting P.C. Newey,and further with doing wilful damage to the windows and door of the house of George Tingle. Prisoner pleaded guilty to being drunk and doing damage, and not guilty to the assault. P.C. Newey said that he saw prisoner creating a disturb- ance in Kerfoot-street. He was drunk and had his coat air challenging to fight anyone. Prisoner's sister com- plained about his having broken her windows, and 'prisoner then struck her. Witness took him into cus- tody, and prisoner butted him in the chest with his head. George Tingle said prisoner came to his house on Satutday night, and during witness's temporary absence began to assault witness's wife. He (Tingle) put him out of the house when Leonardy commenced to break the windows and also kicked the panel of the door out. Prisoner was committed to gaol for three months. A CONCERTINA PLAYER IN TROUBLE. Albert Forster, 4. Heath-lane, was charged at the Borough Court en Monday. with disorderly conduct in Sankey-street, en December 22nd. P.O Marsh said that at two o'clock in the morning of the above date, the defendant was playing his concertina in Sankey-street in a very loud manner although witness told him he would report him. P.C. Rvlatt gave corroborative evid- ence.—Mr. F. Monks: Where does the disorderly con- duct come in ?—The Chief Constable: I submit that playing the concertina at such an early hour in the morning constitutes disorderly behaviour. I have received many complaints about such conduct.— Mr. Monks: But I question whether that constitutes disorderly behaviour.—Mr. White (assistant magistrate's clerk) : That is for you todecide.—Alderman Harrison: The officers state that the man was warned and yet he persisted in his conduct.—Mr. Birchall : I think that during the past fortnight we have had quite enough of this sort of thing.—Mr. Monks : But suppose that it had been the Salvation Army.—The Chief Constable: But the Salvation Army would not play at that time of the morning.—Mr. Monks : I still question whether the defendant has committed disorderly behaviour.—Alder- man Harrison was of a different opinion,and asked what would be the state of affairs if everyone could play as he liked, as the defendant appeared determined to do.— Mr. Monks: An Act might be passed to suppress it.— The Chief Constable: If one concertina player were allowed to do this sort of thing, 20 more would want to do it likewise. The Chief Constable added that he only pressed for a nominal penalty. He wished it to go forth that the public had no right Ito conduct themselves in such a manner simply because it happened to be Christ- mas time.—Defendant, on being asked what he had to say, said that he carried his concertina under his arm, and he was frequently asked by policemen to give them a tune. (Loud laughter.)—Alderman Harrison : You are evidently a skilled player. There must be a charm about it. (Renewed laughter.)—The Bench imposed a nominal penalty of 15.,1441r. Birchall saying that be agreed with this, simply because the defendant refused to stop playing when requested by the police.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDA.T.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Councillor

Roberts. and Dr. Gornall. WORKING i LAME HORSE.—John Richardson, 30, Elles- mere at,, was charged with ill-treating a horse by working the same while In an unfit state on the 13th December. -Inspec- tor Bilson, R.S.P.C.A., stated that on the 13th December he saw the defendant in Sankey-st. driving a bay pony attached to a cart. The animal was lame in both fore-legs and in a low condition. He was satisfied the pony was in pain, and that it was a cruelty to work it.—lnspector Luckiugs, R.S.P.C.A., corroborated.—Defendant said that a nail had worked up in the pony's shoe and had caught the fore-leg, making it sore. This statement was supportedlby his brother. —A penalty of 10s. including costs was imposed. ABUSE ATTER 35 TEARS' MARRIED LlFE.—Henry Hall. Lythgoes-lane. was charged with assaulting and beating Jane Hall, his wife on the 21st December.—He pleaded guilty.— Mrs. Hall stated that on the day in question defendant did not give her as much money as he should have done and when she asked for more he seized her by the throat and banged her head against the door, She did not wish him to go to prison, and was willingto withdraw the summons if he would promise to abstain from drink and treat her well. They had been married 35 years on Christmas Day.—Defendant, on the recommendation ot the bench, signed the pledge with Mr. Taylor, the P.C.M., and promised not to illtreat his wife. He was then discharged. MoNDAY.—Before the 'Mayor (chairman), Aldermen Harrison and Francomb. Messrs. F. Monks, and T. Birehall. ORVELTY TO A HORiE.—Mortin Lyon.. Bank-st., was charged with working his horse while in an nnfit state on Decembar 21st.—Inspector Bilson, R.S.P.C.A., said that the man was driving the horse attached to a cart in Irlam-st., and it was at the time perspiring and panting profusely. It was also lame in both fore legs, and was suffering from con- tracted tendons. and inflammation of the fetlock joints. It was in a shocking condition and quite unfit for work.— De- tective Monaghan gave similar evidence.—A large number of Previous convieons were recorded against the defendant, and he was fined 20s. and costs or one month. DRIINKEN'NE.99.—For this offence, Thomas Hardman, 6 Aikin-st., was fined ss. Peter Emmis, 9 Old-road. was fined ss. and costs for being drunk in Bridge-st., while in charge of a lerry on December 23r1.—P.C. Clough said that the defend- ant was driving a lurry laden with barrels. He was on the wrong side of the road, and was drunk, and almost caused a collision with the window of Mr. Burgess.

RUPTURES.—REYNOLDS' Patent Imperceptible Imibirubber Stein Pad TRUSS. Suitable in all cases. Perfect Fit Rnsured. Write or call for particulars.— REYNOLD 3, 10, S 1 ater-treet (a few doors off Bold-street), Liverpool. Open on Saturday until? p.m.—Advt.

PLAYING FOOTBALL IN THE STREETS.—Joseph Oakes, 55 Havdock-st., Edward Hagan. 16 Ashton-et.. and David and William Alcock, 9 Gandy 's-yard, were all fined is. including costs for playing football in Haydock-et.. at eleven o'clock on December 22nd.—PC. Cooper prove I the case. CHIMNEY ON FlRE.—Levi Martin, 163 Mersey-st., was fined Is. for allowing his chimney to be on fire on December 22nd. A CHRISTMAS DAT ASSAULT ON A. WlFE.—James NS right, 9 Shepherds-row, was charged with assaulting his wife on Christmas day.—Mrs. Wright said that her husband came home on Christmas night and falluwed her upstairs. He then commenced dragging her about by her hair, to such an extent that she had to scream for the neighbours for help. Mrs. Wright applied for a separation order as she said that she was afraid to live with her husband who was always abusing her. In reply to the bench, P.S. Chantler said that the woman was a very hard-working woman, and they thereupon decided to send the husband to gaol for a month, and granted a separa- tion order, the husband to contribute ss, per week towards , his wife's maintenance. I TUESDA.Y.—Before Mr. B. Garnett (chairman), Dr. T. S.

Smith. and Mr. E. Guest. ROUGH ON THE FURNITURE.—Peter Curiev.an old offen ler. was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Foundry- at. on Monday night.—P.C. Evans said thet on the night in question he saw the defendant drunk in Foundry-st. He had thrown all his furniture into the street, and pitched an ashran through the winciowlaresking eight panes of glass. Mr. Garnett said if it had not been the last day of the old vear he would havepent defendant to gaol for a month with- 'Out the option of a fine, but under the circumstances hi would fine him 10s. ana costs, or 14 days' herd labonr SHOCKING CRUELTY TO A liortsE.--John Marsh, Mersey- view, a lad of 11, was charged with cruelly working a horse in an unfit state on Monday.—lnspector Bilson a aid that on Sunday morning Sergeant Smi h received a complaint that the lad was ridin4 a horse lame, at Latchford. He saw the horse afterwards and found it in a very bad condition, and the boy informed him that he was exercising it for his mas- ter. Sergeant Smith informed witness who accompanied him to the stables and saw the horse and the lad's master. The animal was in such a bad condition that he warned Brierley. the lad's master, that it was totally unfit for any kind of work, and should be killed. He said he would get rid of it. On Monday afternoon Sergeant Smith saw the lad driving the horse attached to a spring cart. The inspector, owing to theyouth of the lad and from some facts which had come to his knowledge, had asked to withdraw the summ3ns and take proceedings against the man.—Joseph Brierley, Mersey- view, Latchford, was 'charged with allowing the horse to be workel.—lnspector Bilson said he had examined the ani- mal and found it in a low, emaciated condition, and simply a living skeleton. It was badly lame, and suffering intense pain, and on the near shoulder there was an open wound 2f Inches long and 2 broad. This was one of the most shocking cases which had come under his notice. The lad when apprehended said he had been told to go to Preston Brook by defendant, and after delivering some goo a there to come back and " work " Warrington.— Defendant said it was a mistake that the horse was taken out, and he had run after the lad to bring him back.—lnspector Bilson real the lad's statement when first charged. which stated otherwise.—Mr Talbot said he had seen th 3 horse awl also considered the case the worst he had come ac .oss in 16 years.--it penalty of 20s. and costs (£1 9s. 6d.) was imposed, and defendant paid before leaving the court. THURSDAY.—Before the .Mavor (chairman) and Mr. S.

Chandley. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Jasnes Griffin was fined lie. and costs or 14 days'h .rd labour;or being drunk and.di-orderly in Wiowick-street. at 5.3J0a Wednesday n.ght.—P.C. ‘Vil- liamson proved the case. A DANGEROUS SoN,—Thomas Griffiths, a rough looking- mad was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Glaze- brook-street, at 112.15 on Thursday and also wit h breaking a window in the house of hie father, and the extent of is. 6d.— P.C. Del-dray said th it on She night in question he was twice callei to the prisoner and the sec )nd time found him drunk In the backyard of his father's house. He had a ooker con- creted in his tro sere pocket. tie was using brd languags and threatening his father. —The later said that dete.,lant would do no work and was in danger of kin—lie was sent to gaol for a month's hard labour. CHILD NEGLECT—AN OLD CASE—Samuel Beckett and Annie Beckett. 37 Warburton-street, were brovOt up or remand for neglecting their two children—lnspector M'Ateer, N.S.P.C.C. said that since the remand a month ago, the de- fendant; had removed from 28 Warborton-street to 37. There was no improvement in their condition and the child-en were neglected as much as ever. He was requested by the Society to press the case severely against them as it s the third time he had had them up at the court. He had given them every facility for improvement. and they had gone from bad to worse.—The Chief Constable described the p:able condition of one of the children on Christmas Dey.—Botn de- fendams were sent to gaol for a month and the children Laken to the workhouse. WZTE A SLULT.—John Conway was fined 103. and cosi s far assaulting his wife on the 3rd December.—Cornplainant re- luctantly appeared and proved the offence. She wished to beg her husband off but the magistrates would not allow Defendant made his 28th appearance.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

SATURDAY,—Before Mr. 1: J. Gillespie_ (chairman), Colonel

J. L. Wood, and Mr. it. Sione.

, DkuracENNEss,—For this offence, John Gle we, Abraham Appleton, Joseph Lowe, J. Holland, and J. W. Appleton. Havdock, were fined 2s. 6s. and costs; John Biggens, Hay- dock ss. _ _ _

OBSTRUCTION OF THE HIGHWAY —James Longford was fined ss. and costs for allowing his horse and waggon to re- main a quarter of an hour in the highway. Haydock. on De- cember 12.

DOGS AT LARGE.—For :snowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled, Charles Forshaw, and James Jackson of Hay. dock, were fined 3s. 6d. ALLEGED THEFT OF CORLIEFS' TlMM—William Banks. collier, was charged with stealing three collier's picks, valued 3s. 6d.. the property of Benjamin Davies, sometime between the 3rd and 9th December. Banks pleaded not guilty. Mr. It. Stuart who prosecuted. ;said that both parties were em- ployed as colliers by M essrs. it, Evans and Company at Hay- dock, and worked in the same pit, but at different seams. It was the custom of the colliers to bring up their picks to the sharpeners each night, and the next morning, they went for them again. On the 3rd Dtcember, Davies I- ft his picks as used with the sharpeners, but nextrnorning, they were miss- ing, and being unable to find them, he informed the manager who suggested that he should wateh as the picks were taken out in the morning to see who it was that to3k them. Davies accordingly did watch and on the 9th December, he saw the defendant take three picks which he identified as his own. Davies followe t the defendant to the top of the pit, and asked him what he was doing with the picks. He said that they were his picks. Davies then went down the pit in company with the manager, Mr. Wallwork and found another pick belonging to Davies in the place where defendant was working. He (Mr. Stuart) was instructed to press the case, as the company wished to put a stop to this practice which was very common. —Evidence supporting Mr. Stuart's statement was given by Benjamin Davies and Jessie Wallworic.—DefendAnt said that his brother had been using picks. and he did not know what his brother's marks were, and therefore he (defendant) did not know but that they belonged to him. It was simply a mistake.—The bench inflicted a peua.lty of 20s, and costs.

MISERABLE HOME IN HAYDOCK.—George Bannon was charged with neglecting his two children, George Henry, and Mary Ellen, on December 6th and ether dates. Mr. Knowles said th,tthe children were aged respectively three years and five months. Defendant and his wife and family lived at Banks Cottages, Haydock, and he earned 4s 64, a day. In hie house there was scarcely any furniture, and this his wife said was because he spent Ws money in betting. He did not drink, but put all the money he bould get hold of upon race horses. !Us wife would state that she had to get food from her mother, and that her husband had several times taken all the food and elten it himself, in :act he had taken it out of her and the children's mouths, About three months ago he had turned his wife and children out and they had to make their way, saturated with rain to Mrs. Bannon's mother's hause.—lividenec was given by luspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C., Rachel Bannon (the wife), and P.C. Gresty. The wife in reply to her husband, admitted that when he got 221. 6d. in one week, he gave her £l, and other sums in pro- portion on weeks when he did not work fall time.— After con- siderable discussion, the bench decided to adjourn the case for a month to give the defendant a chance of impreving his home. They said that they wee not satisfied that the wife was blameless as she appeared to get a fair share of the wages.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAT.—Before Mr. R. Imison (chairman) and Mr. S. Taylor. LIEENSIRG.—Peter Millington applied tor and was granted an occasional license to sell at the beerhouse. Ferry Hotel, Church-street, lately occupied by James Hughes Percival. DRUNEENNEBB,—The following were fined for being drunk and disorderly :—William Hart, gardener, Aston, ss. hided. lug costs ; Richard Salkeld. Ws, and costs ; John Salkeld ss. costs ; William Hall, Widnes, ss. and costs. CHARGE OF PERMITTING DRUNILENNES3.—John Snowden, keeper of the Barley Mow beerhouse. Church-street, was summoned for having on the 20th December unlawfully per- mitted drunkenness to take place on his premises. Mr. Berry solicitor. Liverpool appeased on behalf of the defendant. Sergeant Brewster stated that at 9.45 on the 20th of the pre- sent month he was on duty, in Church-street in company withconstable Ridgway opposite the Barley Mow. They saw a woman named Flannigan being carried out of the public i house n a helpless state of drunkenness. She was unable to walk. Witness visited the house and asked the wife of the license why she allowed tha woman to be on the premises in that drunken state. iihe replied that she wasn't so bad when she came in." Mrs. Snowden admitted that she had served the;woman two or three time. with whiskey. Witness asked I her how long the woman had .been on the premises. and she replied about an hour, In company with Inspector Hicks he visited the woman's house at 2. Lock-street. and found her thrown on the sofa unable to move or speak, She was in a helpless state of drunkenness. He again visited the Barley Mow and saw the defendant, and he admitted having seen the woman in the house at a quarter past nine, and to having told his wife she must not serve her with any more. Mr. Snowden then went out, but he had made no effort to get the woman out of his house.—P.C. Ridgway gave corroborative evidence.—lnspec- tor Hicks said at a quarter past ten he accompanied Sergeant Brewster so the Barley Mow, and saw the landlord and his wife. He asked Mrs. Snowden bow she accounted for the affair, and she said "I don't know, the woman went off all at once." He asked her what she had served the woman with, and she admitted the, she had supplied her with two or three drinks of whiskey. She also stated that she did not notice her to be so bad when shecame in. Witness told her that twoor three small whiskeys would not make the woman like that, and she said she could not aceouut for it except it was on account of the heat of the room. Snowden said he saw the condition of the woman and told his wife not to serve her with any more drink, but to gat tier home. He then went out, and when he returned some persons had fetched her away. Witness went across to Flannigan's and found her asleep on the sofa.—For the defence, Mr. Berry said he accepted the evidence for the prosecution almost implicitly as it agreed with his instructions. The witnesses did not see this woman inside the public-house; they had to content themselves with what they considered was her state when outside the house. Both witnesses said she wal being carried out in a helpless state of drunkenness. But the magistrates had to see upon what grounds they formed that opinion—whether they took means to ascertain whether that was so or not. The witnesses assumed that she v as in a state of drunken- ness and took no further means to ascertain that she was drunk beyond going to the houses where they found her asleep on the sofa. The evidence was not conclusive. Mr. Berry quoted a case, Somerset v. Wade, in which it was held that a licensee could not be convicted of permitting drunkenness on his premises unless he had knowledge that the person in question was on his premises, and was that knowledge permitted him to be served. He hoped to be able to satisfy them that the moment the licensee knew the woman was there the best means were

taken to get her home. The woman who was alleged to be drunk lived a few doors away from the public-house, and when she entered it on the night of the 20th about eight o clock in company with a butcher narned Watson, she was perfectly sober. Mr. Watson and the woman had a drink together. and after Watson left, she was supplied with one other think. There was no one else in the room. About twenty minutes afterwards Mrs. Snowdon entered the room and tound her in a faint ing condition. She had fallen down on the side of the street and was lying with her head supportd by her hands. Mrs. Snowden sent for her husband and he ' came in company with his son. She was still in a fainting condition when they removed her, and the fainting was pro- bably caused by the heat of the room. It was two or three hours before she recovered, and her husband was of the opinion that She was not drunk when she was taken home. The wife of the lic ,nsee stated the circumstances very fairly to the police. If she had told them that the woman had sot been served the police would have had no case at all. There had been no evidence given to show that the licensee knew the woman was drunk,—Bvidence for the defence. corroborat- ing Mr. Berry's statement was given by Mrs. Snowden, Mrs. Finnegan, Mr. Watson, and Mr. Bernard Finnegan. The lat- ter witness thought it was weakness that his wife was suffer- ing from at the time.—The magistrates retired to consider their decision, and after a short interval the Chairman an- nounce,: that thy thought Wore was an element of doubt in the case and would dismiss it. They would ask the Superin- tendent to consider what action he wou'd take with regard to the summons against Finnegan.—Superintendent Okell said if the megistrat-s asked him to withdraw it he would do so.— The Chair.na I did not think the suggestion should come from the Bench.—Superintendent Okell said he would not call any more witnesses. In his opinion the woman was drunk.—The Clerk advised the Superintendent to withdraw the summons against Finnegan, and he dli so.

DARESBURY PEffY SESSIONS.

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. W. Long, Mr. John Mclntyre and

Br(;-adbtnt.

AN UNSTAMPED INSTRUMENT.—JOhtI Black- ehaw, of Halton, was fined 10s. including costs for having in hie possession a pair of scales unsbamped. OBSTRUCTION.—Thomas Once and William Smith of Wilderspool, were charged with having at Walton on the 3rd December obstructed the ptssege of the highway there by leaving their vehic!es there for 20 rninutes.—A fine of 10s. each was imposed. Don-owieztts FNED.—Thomes Wood was fined ss. and costs for keeping a dog without licence af Pres on Brook on the sth November ; Thomas HazlPhurst for allowing his dog to be at large on the 23rd November in Pl'eston Brook was fined 2s. 6d.

ASSAULT.—James Smith was charged with assaulting John Buckoy at Whitley on the 17th November.—A case was made out and derendant bound over to keep the peace for six months.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
VACCINATION.

THE REGISTRAR-GENERAL'S REPORT. FOR 1895.

SBOULD BE EXAMINED AT A. PUBLIC MEETING

" Over 1,000,000 children were vaccinated during the year. That was the report fr,r 1894, and the number is likely to be exceeded for 1895. Without charming that vaccination does or does Hot prevent smAll-pox, it would be well, considering that this vast number dehildren, who are to take our places in the future, have been vac- cinated without their consent, that a public meeting shuuld be called to consider whether something may not be done at once to lessen the danger to the health and and lives of these little ones, so lone; as vaccination is compulsory. We all know that vaccination is the cause of many diseases, which are transmitted from arm to arm, and as we are compelled to be vaccinated because the majority of the nation believe that it doss protect us from epidemics of small-pox, may we not adopt such measures as will reduce to a minimum the amount of disease so transmitted, or, what:would be better, find an absolute preventive of these diseases, and perhaps a cure for those already contracted. This is a, subject of vital importance to us all, and, as a Physician and the head of a tamily, as well as a patriotic British subject, I would like to see a public meeting held in every town and city in the land to consider the Registrar's report for 1895, as soon as the report appears. Dr. Wilson, after making the above statement, ap- pealed to me for my opinion. I assured him I fully endorsed all he said, and that if such meeting could be held I would attend and make certain suggestions, which I felt sure would be approved by the meeting. "Then you have already been considering this sub- ject ?'' said the Doctor. "Yes," I answered," and with mest satisfactory re- sults, for while my first two children were seriously and dangerously ill through vaccination,the last two (twins, as you know) came through the ordeal without giving us the slightest worry gr cause for anxiety. I would, therefore, be pleased to state at a public meeting th means by wliich this was accomplished." "Do you object." he said, " to explaining them to me at once ?"

"Certainly not," I answered," and, fortunately, the best explanation I can give you happens to be in this parcel which I hold in my hand, for I am just returning from the Chemist's, where I have been to purchase this bottle,which I am giving to my gardener for his infant, who is to be vaccinated next week."

While I spoke, I opened the parcel, and showed him a bottle of Vaccination Virus Vanquisher. or V.V.V.

"What !. a patent medicine?" asked the Doctor. "No, nothing of the kind," I answered. " but the prescription of an eminent doctor, who has been in practice for forty years,ani who is.l find,after thorough investigation, a physician most familiar with vaccina- tion, and a man of many years' experience. He used this prescription with such excellent results that be finally decided to place it in the hands of a Cornpa.ny.by whom it could be put upon the market in exactly the same form as he had prescribed it." Whether the public meeting will be held I cannot say, but I have convinced the D3ctor that it is to his interest to give V.V.V. a trial, and I well know that the results will be mo3t satisfaetory. No remedy was ever more urgently needed, and I certainly hope to see the public meeting called. To be had of all Chemists at 24. 9i. per bottle.or from the Va.cciaation Virus Vanquisher Company,Limited,3l, Snow Hill, EC., who will send a pamphlet gratis to all who apply. •

===== 0002601_18960104_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

ANNUAL TEA. MEETING.

On Wednesday the annual tea party and entertain- ment in connection with the Bold-street Wesleyan Church Sunday Schools was held in the schoolroom. About 100 scholars and friends partook of the repast which was provided at 5 30. At 7.30 the entertainment commenced under the chairmanship of the Rev. 0. Watkins. There was a fair attendance and the room had been made attractive by flags, Japanese lanterns. and evergreens. Mr. J. Lingard. the secretary, read his report in which he stated that the work of the past year had gone on satisfactorily. The number of scholars on the books was 440,and the average attendance was 217. Sixty-five scholars merited prizes for full attendance, and 302 scholars and 38 teachers were members of the church. The amount collected for missions by the scholars was £3B 10s.. all in half-pence. There were 418 books in the library and 28 readers. Mr. Siltock, the superintendent, was going to remain another year and they were also pleased to state that many tried teachers and officers were still amongst them and they hoped that those who had been careless in the past would bestir themselves and put forth every effort to further the interests of the scholars. They were thankful to the ministers for taking an interest in the scholars and especially to Mr. Mason who had assisted them by his presence and wise counsel. The Wesley Guild was a succe.ssful part of their organisation, as also was a number of other ventures.

The CHAIRMAN briefly referred to the season, and wished everyone a happy ROW year. The Rev. G. D. MASON said that means were being taken to re-organise all the Sunday school libraries in the circuit, and the work of re-organisation was in exceedingly good hands—those of Mr. Parker, of Pen- keth. _ _ _

A varied programme was then gone through, induct. ing a pianoforte duet by Mrs. Mason and Mrs. Pigot ; two action songs by the juvenile scholars of the school entitled" The Japanese Fan," and "Lullaby" ; violin solo hy Miss Winnie Pigot ; songs " Two Cities," and "Light in the Darkness," by Miss Jennie Jones ; songs by Mr. W. H. Wallington ; two humorous readings by Mr. H. M. Ashton entitled "Montpellier's Recitation," and " A Visit to the Tower " (Artemus Ward). Miss rigot accompanied. All the items were well rendered, and did credit to the performers. The usual votes of thanks and the singing of the Doxology concluded the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
TURKISH TOLERANCE.

Not a littln has been said about the professional tolera- tion of the Turks towards other creeds, but to show the real feeling entertained it is only necessary to cite the Moslem statutes, in which Christians are designated as " dogs " and "pigs." And in the burial certificates Christians are not said to be dead but "damned." For example, a burial certificate attested by the British Am- bassador certifies to the priest of an Armenian church that "the impure,putricl,stinking carcase of N-, this day damned (deceased), may be concealed under ground."

Th.: Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, ac.. either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at id, 3d., And ed., by most starch sellers. If not in scnek will procure it. a. cniTcat.p...7. Blackburn. PAmmisto, —Adet

Philadelphia has a barber with a considerable busi- ness, who has not spoken a word to a customer in ten rears past ; and he is neither deaf nor dumb. He shaves the prisoners in Moyamensing Pri.on, and one stipula- tion in his contract is that he shall net speak to the pri- soners or hold communication with them in any way.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOT is

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. WARRINGTON v. OLDEIAM.

The return match between these two teams was played at Watersheddings, Oldham, on Seturd ay. It will be remembered that at the fir.-.t meetine of the clubs,which took place only a few weeks ago. Oldteine were victors by two tries to nil. Oldham hive Si/00. n brilliant form since that date, and it was therefore not with very great feelings of confidence that the Warrington team travelled to °Winne on Saturday, e:pecially as the two close attentione of the Leigh playere on Thursday had incapicatated no fewer than six pla.yere, viz., Heesom, Burton, Cross, Taylor, Hill, and Swift. This being the case, the m itch almost seemed a gift to Oldham. Heesom's position was very difficult to fi.l, and it was only at the last moment that it was decided to play Scott as full back. The teerne were as follows : Warrington : Scott, fall back ; Barber, Lawless, Carey and Broady, threeqeartere ; Clark and Houghton, half backs ; Fairhurst, Wilcock. Scho'ze, Burrows, Nevins, Thornton, Barrett, and Areirewe. forwards. Oldham : Eagland, full beck ; Bradhurr, Taylor, S. Lees. and MeCutcheon, thieevartere ; Varley and A. Lees, half hacks ; Bonsor. France, Hughes, Merrill, J. Lees,'Etchulls, Whiteley. and Phillips, forwards. Mr.Slevin.of Wiean,olfieiated as referee. The weather was of the most miser ible descriptioe, and as a conse- quence the gate was the smallest of the season,there be- ing only about 2,0.1.70 present. The rain came down ia torrents during the whole of the matcleand accordingly, exciting incidents were conspicuous by their ahsence. Varley won the toss, and he set Warrington to face a blinding storm of rain. Wilcock kicked off, and the re- turn by Eagland being very poor, Warrington were quickly on the Oldham line, and several scrimmages took place in dangerous proximity to the Oldham goal. Eagland at length relieved by a long kick to the centre of the field, when Scott mulling the bill, Joseph Lees and Etehulls were on to him betere lie could recover himself.and the ball was dribbled to within a few yards of the line, when Barber saved just in time by kicking in touch. A line out took place and the bell was taken over the line. A scramble ensued for possession by both teams and the Warrington players made the mis- take of trying to kick dead, instead of dropping on the ball. Several attempts were 'nide to kick dead,but the feet of the kickers unaccountably failed to touch the bell, and in the midst of this. Joseph Lees dropped upon it, and thus a very fluky try was secured about three minutes from the commencement of the game. The place was an easy one, hut Eagland kicked in the direction of the dressing room instead of the goal posts. After the restart a smart dribble was made down the field by Burrows, Scholtze. and Houghton, and this trio was not stopped until they were within an ace of scoring, Eagland robbing them at the critical moment. A prolonged attack was now made upon the Oldham lines despite the wind, and a good run by Barber almost ended in a score. The attack was at length brought to a conclusion by a long kick in touch by Varley. and Etchulls and Merrill were very prominent after the line out by a dribole to the quarter flag. Nevins and Burrows neutralized this and returned the ball to centre. Warrington were playing the best game under the circumstances by dribbling,as the ball was too sodden for passing, Burrows, Thornton and Broady supplemented the advantage gained by Nevins and Burrows, and the quarter flag was reached. From the ensuing scrimmage, Houghton followed the kick up so well that he tackled Eagland on the line, and for a time a score seemed certain every moment. Oldham at length got back to the quarter flag, when Burrows by an indiv- idual dribble, the finest of the afternoon, threaded his way through the Oldham team and got the ball over the line. He was just in the act of grounding it when Sam I Lees rushed up and kicked dead. Hard lines indeed for Burrows. Varley restarted. and Carey returned it well, and from now to half time,Warrington attacked strongly but could not penetrate the defence, and Oldham led at half time by a try to nil. Varley restarted the game, and aided by the wind, Warrington attacked with great persistence. A flying kick by Eagland in front of the posts might have been utilised to advantage had Lawless made his mark, but that player preferred to try to get round his opponents. Finding this impossible, he tried a drop at goal and it only just went wide. From the drop out, the Oldham forwards dribbled to centre, and S. Lees getting posses- sion made a long run before he was collared. As the run was across tho field, this was of no advantage to his side. Oldham however attacked strongly after this, and the Warrington defence had an anxious time. A free kick fell to Oldham, and Eagland taking the place, the ball fell a little short, and Broady cleared the danger. Houghton caused the attack to be brought to a termina- tion by a smart kick in touch, and Clark, Broady, and Burrows placed their side on the offensive by a good dribble. The Oldham forwards again came away wth a rush, but Scott proved the stumbling block to them this time. Soon afterwards he stopped another rush. Warrington again got the upper hand, and Barber had a grand chance of dropping a goal, but he passed to Carey instead, and the latter was tackled before he could be dangerous. The remainder of the game was occupied by spasmodic visits to either end, Warrington baying the lion's share of the attack, and on one occasion Eagland was tackled by Houghton on the line. No scoring occurred however, and the drenched players were heartily glad when the whistle blew for full time ,Oldham thus leading as at the interval, by a try to nil. The opinion of the spectators, both Oldham and Warrington, was that the game ought to have been a draw, in fact Warrington had the best of the game and the try scored ought never to have been scored. The Warrington forwards overplayed the Old- haulers, and as a consequence, Clark and Houghton showed up quite as well as Varley and Lees. The day was totally against threequarter play. and Lawless was about the best of the Warrington quartette, though there was very little to choose. Full back does not suit Scott, but it must be remembered that the position was &completely new one to him, and that he has never played in first class company before. He saved several rushes, but he is much more at home as centre three- quarter.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MANNINGIIAII V. WIDNES.

Played at Manninghana before 1,000 spectators. Barber commenced operations for Widnes, and their forwards at once rushed into the Manningham quar- ters, but a timely kick by Lorimer transferred play to the other end, where Proctor scored a clever try which Lorimer converted. The home team renewed the attack, and Lorimer scored, but the same player failed at goal. Splendid kicking by Manningham kept Widnes on the defence, Pickles fielding the ball smartly dropped a beautiful goal. The visitors played up in a spirited manner, which caused the home team to concede a minor point. Manningham, however, once more showed their supeziority, Proctor and Needham running in tries, both of which Lorimer improved, thus giving the home team 22 points lead at half-time. Barra- dough restarted the second half, and a lot of uninterest- ing play at mid-field followed. At length Manningham again took up the attack, and Barraclough was all but over. The visitors, however, relieved, and the ball was kicked to Brown. He ran strongly and transferred to Atkinson, who made further ground and then gave the ball back to Brown, who scored a brilliant try. Lorimer's shot was a little wide. The game after this was of a scrambling character, but the visitors played up a little better and attacked for a time. Their efforts were, however, of no avail, and Atkinson got possession of the ball and ran down the field. Lorimer took his pass well, and ran over between the posts. Proctor took the place and landed an easy goal. Towards the close of the game Nevitt ran down the field and passed to H. Peters, who scored for Widnes. Barber failed at goal. Score : Manningham 5 goals (1. dropped), 3 tries (33 points), Widnes 1 try ;3 points).

===== 0002601_18960104_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. LEEDS.

About 3.000 spectators assembled on the Headingly ground on Saturday to witness this match. The Run- corn team was composed of the following :—Butter- worth, back; Warder, Robinson, Myers, and W.Gayter, three-quarter backs ; J. Faulkner and Woodward, half backs; W. Faulkner, Taylor, Moores, Farmer, Walker, Reece, F. Gayter, and Darlington, forwards. Mr. H. Hutcinchson, of Wakefield, was the referee. The com- mencement was of a most sensational elle racter.as from the first pack formed J. Faulkner broke away, and the ball went down the line of three-quarters to Warder, who kicked over the line and raced up, falling on the ball amongst the straw,thus scoring the first try exactly a minute from the start. Myers took the place, but failed to add the additional points. The drop out brought no relief to the home team, as the Runcornians were quickly in front of the home posts, and a free kick was given to Runco n, but Myers failed to negotiate the easy place. A smart:dribble by Taylor enabled the Ces- trians to get into close quarters again, but the defenders had steadied themselves a little, and a forward rush cleared their lines,Robinson checking them and replying with a goad punt. At this point Myers got his ankle twisted and had to retire, thus leaving Runcorn with 14 men. W. Faulkner took his place in the centre. The Leeds forwards got ta midfield by dribbling, and Walker (Leeds) did good service for them by a smart pick up and kick to touch, when pressed. A free kick to the home side enabled them to gain further ground, and reach the Runcorn " 25 " for the first time. Playing well together the Runcorn forwards gradually removed the scene of oper ttion, and from a line out at centre Taylor broke away, and hand to hand passing by him- self, Moores, and Walker, completely mesmerized the Leeds sacks, and the latter completed a grand piece of combination, but again the goal kick failed. Leeds were thus two tries behind when the game had only been in progress about ten minutes. There was some more nice passing by the Runcorn backs after this, and then the Leeds forwards kept the ball going, only for Robinson and W. Faulkner to bring it back again by their smart running and passing, and a score seemed probable when a knock on spoiled the chance. A couple of free kicks were given to Leeds, and from the second one they attacked and Summersgill had a pass from Midgeley, which he rien', on to Walton, but the latter's transfer to Close came to nothing. At • this stage it was seen that H. Hainstock, who hadjbeen

"DISFIGURED FOR LIFE " is the despairing cry of thousands afflicted with unsightly skio diseases. Do you realise what this disfiguration means to sensitive souls ? It means isolation, seclusion. It is a bar to social and business success. Do you wonder that despair seizes upon these sufferers when doctors fail,standard remedies fail, and nostrums prove worse tkan useless? Skin dis- eases are most obstinate to cure or even relieve. It is an easy matter to claim to cure them, but quite another thing to do so. CIITICURA. remedies have earned the right to be called Skin Specifics, because for years they have met with most remarkable success. There are cases they cannot cure, but they are few indeed. It is no long-drawn-out expensive experiment. One shilling invested in CUTICORA SOAP will prove more convincing than a page of advertisement. In short, CUTICURA. WORKS WONDERS, and its cures of torturing, disfigur- ing, humiliating skin diseases are simply marvellous.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
playing forward for Armstrong, had come into the three- quarter line, Leeds thus playing five threequarters, a tribute to the smartness of the Runcorn passing. Leeds, by the aid of strong kicking,made another incur- sion into the Runcorn territory, and Barstow sent the ball out to Walton, whose drop at goal was charged by Reece, and the Runcorn forwards rushed it out of danger. Still they could not quite overcome the pressure, and on one occasion Butter worth cleared magnificently, and threaded his way through the home men when hard pressed. The score at the interval stood, Runcorn two tries, Leeds nil. During the interval Mr. Hutchinson stated that the ball was not considered dead when it touched the straw, only when it reached the railings, SD that this explained why the first try to Runcorn had been allowed. W. Faulkner resumed operations,and the opening stages were also sensational, as in the first half, for H. Hainstock put in a kick, and the ball going over the line, a race for it ensued, and although F. Gayter touched it down, and was actually in possession when the referee came up, it ended in Surnmersgill claiming and being awarded a try. No goal resulted. Myers had now come on again, and took his position at centre, but it was seen that he limped considerably. Leeds now played up hard their f lwards keeping the slippery ball going along the ground. Buttersvorth's defence again proved excellent, and the game was driven into the home half by the visiting forwards. Warder kicking too far when iniend- ing to find touch, sent the ball into touch-in-goal, a pro- mising attack by Runcorn thus coming to nought. Wal- ton losing the ball the visitors got it into their hands, and brought off another good passing bout, as the result of which Leeds had to defend. Darkness was now sett- ing in fast, and it was with difficulty that individual play could be distinguished across the ground. Runcorn were having the best of matters, but were met by good defence on the part of the Leeds team generally. At length, as the:result of a long kick by H. Hainstock,from which the ball rolled into touch, Leeds got a footing in the visitors' quarters. They could not, however, main- tain it, and the superior play of the Runcorn backs changed the scene once more, and the slippery ball being kicked over the line Walker fumbled it, with the result that Gayter shot up and scored his first try. Myers could not land the goal, but Runcorn seemed now safe from defeat, and 70 odd spectators who had journeyed with them broke out into a song on the position. A fur- ther point was to follow,for some exceedingly smart pas- sing by J. Faulkner, Robinson, Myers and Warder en- abled the latter to score a splendid try—the best of the bunch of four so far recorded. The goal bick was another failure. Leeds had another spurt, and Summersgill dropped at goal to no purpose, and the home men re- tired beaten by a superior team, the following being the result :—Runcorn, 4 tries (12 points) ; Leeds, 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_18960104_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. WAKEFIELD TRINITY.

On New Year's Day Runcorn had as their opponents the Wakefield Trinity team, and although there was hardly an element of doubt as to the result, it must te admitted that the Runcorn team, considering the fifteen they placed on the field have commenced the year well. The Trinitarian's position in the combination table is anything but an enviabla one, and when one recollects that but a few years ago they were the Yorkshire champions, one is inclined to remark "How are the mighty fallen." The team they brought from Yorkshire on Wednesday may be considered of a representative character, although they have placed stronger teams in the field this season. Ducker was a substitute at full back, and the remainder of the team was as follows : Three-quarters. Howell, Griffiths, Lockwood, Dolan ; half backs, Morgan, Brakewell; f orwards, Burnley, Crossland, Price, Eyre, Allchurch, Meorhouse, Walton and Jackson. Runcorn placed a very indifferent team in the field, drawn largely from the "A " team ranks ; the fact being borne in mind that a stiff fight is in store for Saturday when Oldham are to visit Runcorn, and when probably the most important match of the season in connection with the Northern Union will be contested. It was after 2.4 s—the time fixed for the kick-off when the visitors arrived but they had taken the wise course of donning themselves in their football outfit in the railway saloontand thus saved most valuable time. There was a large attendance when the teams faced each other and the visitors set the ball in motion. The first scrimmage of the day took place in the home quarters, but Gayter receiving a pass brought relief to the homesters by a good kick. A free kick was shortly afterwards acceded to Runcorn,and good use being made of it, further ground was gained. The visitors were pedned near their own lines for some time, and at this point of the game Brakewell was hurt, and retired for a short time. Jackson and Moorhouse brought welcome relief to the Tykes, and forced the game into Runcorn territory. J. Faulkner, however, placed his side on the aggressive again by a capital run, and passing to War- der that player almost got over. Ducker by means of a free kick relieved the pressure a little. Butterworth made a smart return, but Brakewell neutralised his effort. The next noticeable feature was a passing movement by the visitors, initiated by Morgan, and taken part in by Griffiths, Lockwood, and Dolan. The latter player was knocked in touch when almost on the line. The visitors now played up with remark- able vigour but they failed to break through the home defence. West, who throughout the game played promis- ingly, made a good run along the touch-line and trans- ferred play to the visitors domain. Warder was next prominent with a smart piece of play and passed beauti- fully to Gayter who had hard luck in not scoring. Run- corn continued to press for some time, but the Trinitar- ians defence was invulnerable. Ducker again brought relief to his side, and the whistle shortly afterwoods sounded for half-time, and the teams changed ends with a clean sheet. W. Faulkner restarted.and a good return was made by the visitors, Butterworth punted strongly, and a mull being made by Ducker and Dolan, almost let Runcorn in. The home team now severely tested the visitors' defence,but by short stages the Tykes gradually worked the ball out of danger. Runcorn again rushed to the line, but the effort ended in a futile dead ball. From the kick out, the homesters by several short rushes in which Warder was conspicuous, again made tracks for the line. The visitors, however, continued to play strongly and Brakewell made a useful run. Play now became of a more open character and J. Faulkner at length crossed the line amidst much jubilation. Warder failed at thel kick. Success again attended the efforts of the Runcorn team almost directly afterwards for Woodward gaining pos.session,he passed to W.Faulk- ner, and that player handed the ball to Gayter who scored a meritorious try. Farmer did not succeed in converting it into a goal. With this second reverse, the visiting team seemed to fall away in their play entirely, and the homesters were not slow to take advantage of their opportunity. They again made tracks for the visitors' lines, but a pass forward caused a scrimmage opposite the posts. The ball was heeled out to J. Faulk- ner who quickly romped round the scrimmage and scored the third try of the match. Farmer took the kick, but the ball struck the posts. It was not very long afterwards before disaster again befel the visitors. West was prominent with a good run after receiving a pass from Warder, and W. Faulkner was successful in bringing the effort to the desired result, scoring near the posts. Farmer again took the kick,and augmented the score by two points, by kicking a goal. The visitors played with a little more dash after this, and a passing movement between Lockwood, Griffiths, and Howell gained a great deal of ground. Butter- worth, however, was equal to the occasion and saved finely. Shortly afterwards the visitors were acceded a free kick, but Moorhouse's attempt at goal was any- thing but a success. Runcorn again entered the visi- tors' domain, and West had hard lines in not scoring. The whistle soon afterwards sounded with the score standing I—Runcorn 1 goal, three tries (14 points) ; Wakefield Trinity, nil.

WARRINGTON " A " V. OLDHAM "A."—The Oldham "A " team visited Warrington on Saturday to play the return match. There was a fair gate. A heavy rain during the game made it difficult to get any speed on the ground. Soon after the commencement Lawton passed to Rhodes, who sent the ball to Fillingham. The latter scored a try, but it was not converted. Warring- ton took the ball to their opponents quarter line. where Hughes obtained possession and made a dash for the line. Just as he got there the ball was kicked forward by his opponents. Savage soon afterwards dribbled fiorn the centre, when Oldham returned the ball and fol- lowed it to the Warrington lines, but Plinston saved in good style and the visitors bad to go back. Some more fine dribbling by Savage, took the ball to the visitors quarter,where Oldham got pogsession. On the whistle be- ing blown for half time Oldham were leading by 1 try to nil. On resuming, Savage got away nicely and cleared his opponents when he was called back, to the great disgust of the spectators. The visitors got posses- sion of the hall and made a move, but they had not gone far before they had to return. Warrington again made a rush for the line, and this time Foden succeeded in scoring. The kick at goal miqsed, the ball bouncing _outwards off the post. This greatly encouraged the home team and they played hard. Anotker try was almost scored but the visitors combined and rushed up the field, where Moores saved, and returned the ball to half-way. Oldham again took the ball towards the home goal but Price sent it back and Plinston took it to the Oldham quarter, where he was overtaken by Fillingham. Savage made several attempts to get away from the scrimmages but was generally brought to by the home back. During

he whole game he and Hughes played well, and often broke away, but the nature of the ground was against good running. Warrington pressed strongly during the latter part of the game, but could not alter the score which was, Warrington, one try, Oldham, 1 try. Teams: Warrington : Spruce, full back ; Plinston, Price. War- burton, and Moores, threequarters ; Foden and O'Brien, half-backs; G. Savage. J. Savage, Lawless, Monks, Hughes, Swift,Litherland and Bailey,forwards. Oldham: Lees, full back ; Fillingham, Rhodes, Knott and Lemon - by, tlareequarters ; Thomas and Lawless, half backs; Phipps, Taylor, Cudworth.Ctmningham, Harrison,Nield, Boyd and Bolton, forwards. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S V. BROUGHTON RANGERS " A."—This match took place at Broughton, on Satur- day afternoon, in a downpour of rain. Both sides were well represented. The visitors were the first to attack, and after several visits to the home end Siddall grounded the ball over the line, Hampson failing at goal. This seemed to arouse the Rangers, and Hassell attempted to drop a goal, but a minor only resulted. Templeton next ran in a try for the visitors. but Hampson once more failed at goal. Again St. Mary's returned to the attack, and H. Higginbottom scored. W. Roughley not improv- ing. Score at half-time: Warrington St. Mary's, three tries (nine points) ; Broughton Rangers A. nil. Upon changing ends the Rangers went off with a rush,but good work by Hammon forced them back. Not to be denied the home side again assumed the aggressive, and Wall scored, Hartley failing at goal. This seemed bb encour- age the Rangers, but try as they would they could not score anything further, and the Warringtonians, play- ing brilliantly until the close without further augment- ing their score, finally ran out winners by three tries (nine points) to a goal (five points).

===== 0002601_18960104_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY LECTURES.

CHARLES KINGSLEY.

A lecture under the auspices of the :Runcorn Free Lib- rary was given in the Technical Institute on Friday evening. There was a good attendance. Mr. J. Wilding, surveyor to the Runcorn Urban Council was the lecturet and his subject was "Charles Kingsley." In introducing the lecturer, Mr. E. Marshall wished all present the compliments of the season. He sincerely trusted that the mining year would be a very bright and prosperous one, whether taking it in the capacity of citizens or individuals. Referring to the lecture he said it was a tempting subject. He was one of those who had an enthusiastic admiration for Charles Kingsley. In his opinion, as a social reformer and writer he stood in the very first rank. It could be freely said of him as of his master whose birth they had been celebrating, that he had compassion on the multitude. His great heart was full of sympathy for the sufferings of the poor, and he laboured unceasingly on their behalf. He thought he laid to heart the motto, that it was better to wear out, than rust out. That night they bad to deal more parti- cularly with Kingsley as a writer than as social reformer. A great many people held that too many books were written,but he thought it might be said of Kingsley that it would be a great loss if he had not written. His spirit still lived and worked amongst men. Referring to the building in which they were met, he said the preliminary object of technical instruction which was being given in that institute was that the youth of the town might make the best of the world from a material point of view. But that was rather a narrow view, and he (Mr. Marshall) who had to run that institute took a broader view of technical education than that, and concurred in the view of Lord Bacon who said that knowledge was not an establishment for barter or sale but a rich store- house for the glory of God and the relief of man's estate. (Applause.) Referring to the lecturer, he said before any- one could deal with such a subject as the one before them he must have a scientific knowledge and a.passicn for literary pursuit. He was sure they would find that Mr. Wilding possessed that combination. Mr. Wilding at the outset of his lecture commented upon the fact that no century had been so rich as the one in which we lived. Referring to Kingsley be said he had stood before them as one who came from a very old school. He was moreover brought up in contact with everything that would expand his imagination. His early aquaintance with Clovelly brought him into con- tact with that strong English life, depicted in " West- ward Ho " and other works. After briefly mentioning Kingsley's successful college career he prmeeded to refer to his becoming an ordained minister at Eversley. Pro- ceeding to deal with Kingsley's life work be typified him as one ef those great men who bad given us the civiliza tion which we now so much enjoyed. We enjoyed, he said, the benefits of an advanced sanitary conditions, and the name of Kingsley would long be associated with the names of those who waged war with ignorance. He was very largely the cause of bringing about the Town's Improvement Clauses Act and similar sanitary reforms. As an example of the ignorance prevailing in Kingsley's time respecting sanitary matters, the lecturer referred to the characters introduced into " Two years ago." Proceeding he said the charm of Kingsley was that of a conqueror. Ho was never satisfied until he had reached the .object he had in view. Commenting upon Kingsley s identification with the chartists he said Kingsley could see the rights of their case. He felt very strongly and endeavoured to lay down the statement of the case so that both sides should understand it. In identifying himself with the chartist movement he braved losing some of his friendship and braved the opposition of the press. He wanted what was right and fought for it. There was quite a charm in considering the way he dealt with the Chartis ts themselves. He helped to open the minds of those who were dealing with the question and we owed much to him for the privileges we enjoyed to•day. Referring to Kingsley as a writer, he said from his early youth he had been constantly writing, and it was impossible for one to take up eny of his novels with- out believing that Kingsley wrote what he felt. An a writer of history many people had found fault with him, stating that he took the skeleton and filled in to his own form. The lecturer spoke of the control Kingsley man- aged to obtain over his students, which showed that he created a fullness around the history of early times that commended itself to the student's mind. He was a most prolific writer as an essayist, and his essays were remarkable for their intensity of vigour, freedom of thought, and beauty of execution. He was also a scient- ist and the lecturer commended his stories of town ' geology, which were sufficiently homely to interest the people who usually abjured the science of geology. Referring to his clerical duties he said Kingsley was , appointed Canon of Chester, and whilst in that city he delivered scientific lectures on geology. Thence he was transferred to the canonry of Westminster, which posi- tion he only held for two years. His death occurred at Eversley in 1875—a centre where Kingsley passed.away from the home life of the Eversley people, to live in the life of every Englishman who had the privilege and opportunity of reading his works.—On the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Jones, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Lecturer. and a similar com- pliment was paid to the chairman, on the proposition of Mr. Imison, seconded by Mr. Beck.

The lifeboatmen who lost their lives in the great gale on Christmas-eve while trying to resue the crew of a ship that had stranded in Dublin Bay were buried at Kingstown on Saturday. The procession of hearses was accompanied to the cemetery by representatives of every rank and creed. The men who were drowned at he wreck of the Moresby were buried at Dungarvan.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

With Or- dinary Postage up to

IWith Extia Halfpenny Stamp

===== 0002601_18960104_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 am.

4-0 a.m.

5 15 a.m

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

- 30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Noon 1-53 a.m

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.m.

1-25 p.m.

1-40 p.m.

245 p.m. 2-30, p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ..

===== 0002601_18960104_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 a.mJ

2-20 paii;

8-10

RE.CEIVING HoLTSE— 1 *Earlestown '

SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

Sua-OFFICES -- *ABhtOn Collins Green *Golborne Lowt,on Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

9-55 sm. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m. 10-30 am.

WILL BOXES— Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction-- Church-st., Golborne. Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

NIL 10-15 am; Nil.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the SAM time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

ICatra. I Poffilir en.

7-0 aan.

TO a.m.

10-30 10-45 ~ / 11.30,, 1.11-45

11-30 LW

} 12-o

12-15 p.m.

2-lb „ 1 3-15 ..

1 3-15 m;

5-39 p.m.

6-45 a.m. /7-0 a.m. Next day

BIRDS, ANIMALS and FISH STUFFED, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Ani roAls Skins, Glass Shades, Stags' Heads. Cabinets Store Boxci. Nets, ac., for Butterfly and Egg Collectors.—B. C ooxr, Naturalist and Furrier, 21. Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Estatslished over 21 years.

lixfra id. Stain*

, 5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ..

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
aht

===== 0002601_18960104_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BATTLES OF THE FUTURE.

Modern warfare is no longer confined to our brave, red-coated battalions. The fertile brainef the inventor '-rnust first design the weapons with which the soldier flghts and on the good qualities of which his life so greatly depends. The inventor and the soldier are alike responsible for the slaughter of modern engagements,and there is mutual rivalry between the two. The one is Stimulated by the hope of " glory " and the other seeks for pecuniary and possible social distinction. New con- ditions are continually demanding new developments and in no department of science has more progress been effected, or more money spent, then that which deals 'With:the construction of ordnance and war-like material. Since, when, the "villainous saltpetre was dragg'd out of the harmless earth,' old methods of warfare have been entirely superseded; the archer has laid aside his trusty bow and the stout yeoman his pike. The arque- bus of the old neusketecr has lens; since disappeared, and joined fellowship with those old favourite companions of chivalry—the made' and maul. The cast iron guns used by Wellington at Waterloo have been long since replaced by steel guns of larger calibre and of tremen- dous destructive Dower. In small arms, projectiles shells, &c., extraordinary innovations have been intro- duced, and all nations are busily engaged in a jealous rivalry for the possession of the most powerful military equipment. And the inventor must keep pace with the increasing demands on his activity regardless of cost. Battleships and 100-ton guns cost fabulous sums to build, yet, acting on the wisdom embodied in the maxim "si Ins pacem, pare bellum," this gigantic outlay is to be .excused. Certainly none of the great Powers can afford to be taken at a disadvantage by its neighbour's superior armament. Aa instancing the great expenditure with modern con- ditions entail we may mention that, whereas the cost of the old cast iron guns was £2l per ton, the modern steel (Krupp) gun costs £l7O per ton. There are shells now Fade that weigh 7001b5., and mortars capable of project- ing a weight of 2,9861b5. a distance of a mile and a half. Such a result could never have been achieved by using the old-fashioned noisy and smoky gunpowder and gun- Co ten, nitro-glycerine, and cordite are some of the new sutes. A great development has also been effected With the introduction of " smokeless " and noiseless Powder which was used effectively in our recent Chitral eampeign. But the most interesting feature in the "battle of the guns" has not been touched upon in our brief review. To follow the progression of the rifle through its various stages of development would require an article to itself. The arquebus. the flint-lock, and the "Brown Bea" eesed against Napoleon were useless as weapons of preci- enon, and it was not till the introduction of breech-load- lug guns that this defect was remedied. A competition of rifle inventors, instituted by the Government in 1866, led to the combined inventions of Messieurs Henry and Martini, being adopted as the national weapon for many Years. Owing, however, to the increasing demand for a 'quicker firing rifle this old favourite is likely to be dis- eerded altogether in favour of the Lee-Mitford Magazine rifle with which our soldiers are being equipped. These modern small arms are wonderfully different !rem the weapons we have been considering. • The new rifle shoots as fast as a man can pull the trigger. It is effective at a distance of a mile, and the lead bullet, clad In a steel coat, leaves the muzzle at a speed of nearly half a mile a second. The idea of the up-to-date rifle is to throw a small and very hard projectile with enormously increased velocity to a much greater distance with greater precision than formerly. Just here comes in an odd point. The weapon is an improvement in the direction of humanity. The bullets travel so fast that apparently the body does not attempt to resist it, and it passes through the flesh or bone with- out inflicting much of a shock, making a small clean hole and not breaking up the tissues. It goes through the thinner bones, as the shoulder blades, the ribs,and breast bone without smashing effect. An opportunity for a first-rate test was offorded by the recent Chitral campaign in India. Wounded natives With tiny holes drilled clean through them, were out and about within twenty-four hours, not suffering any ser- ious inconvenience. Such :was actually the case with a Majority of the Swazis who were hurt in various engage- ments. This might be understood more easily if only the , flesh had been injured, but bones were perforated and yet the men were not disabled. Sharpshooters, armed with the modern style ef rifle Will play a great part in future warfare. The discharge of the new weapon is almost noiseless, and, smokeless Powder being used, there will be nothing to betray the location of a concealed rifleman who pours a continuous fire with murderous accuracy into the ranks of the enemy. The commander in the field will see his officers and men fall around him without knowing whence the blow is struck. Two or three skilled marksmen will be able to pick off every man at a battery of artillery, so as to render the guns of no use. The new rifle fires ten shots from the magazine as fast as the trigger can be pulled, and quick as a wink another set of ten cartridges is substituted for the empty shells. The cartridges are fastened together in strips. The invention of smokeless powder has given cause for the creation of a contrivance with a purpose quite Opposite. This latter device is called a smoke bomb. In battle, bombs of this kind are to be thrown from field mortars toward the enemy. Bursting, they set free Clouds of thick black smoke, which, being jest about as heavy as the atmosphere, haugs like a veil for a long time and forms a dense screen, impenetrable to vision. Behind such a screen en entire army could reanceuvre unseen. A division, for example, might be split into two parts and assail in flank and rear, as under the cover of night, a hostile force that was expecting to be attacked in front. * In the battles of the past, and after the introduction of cannon and gunpowder, so dense a cloud of smoke commonly was spread over the field that the combat- ants on bath sides were only able to fire at random. In the warfare of the future it will be very different. Kill- ing will be done with scientific precision and certainty. Formerly the sharpshooter was regarded as a, rather cold-blooded type of soldier, inasmuch as his object was to take the individual life deliberately and with set pur- pose; but he was a gentle and harmless leant com- pared to the destroying marksman with the smokeless and noiseless gun.—" Science Siftings."

===== 0002601_18960104_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MATRIMONIAL AGENCIES. BY THE AUTHOR OF "AN ENGLISHMAN IN PARIS."

The clever writer of "Anecdotal Europe" gossips very pleasantly, apropos of recent police-court proceed- ing in London, on Parisian Matrimonial Agencies. He Proved them to be very different from the English Variety. He writes :—All that the Paris agencies of the beat standing undertake to do is to bring the parties together, not only oy means of epistolary correspond- ence, but through personal introduction ,• and this is so may say icately—ma skilful!naged that neither del the parents nor N•elitives of the girl, nor she herself ,have the slightest suspicion of it being a planned thing. My statement holds good even in the case where the girl's friends have had recourse to the agency. Each agency publishes a bemonthly journal, which is sent to all the railway bookstalls, hotels, clubs, and cir- culating libraries throughout France, especially and often to smaller establishments across the frontier. Its price, post paid and in a sealed enyolope, is one franc per copy. The subscription to the agency is fifty francs, which the subscriber may take out in advertisements, if he likes, and in consideration of which he is entitled to correspond with any or all of the advertisers in the paper until the supposedly right partner for life is found. In the event of a marriage being contracted through the agency's intermediary, the agency claims two and a half percent.from the bridegroom on the marriage portion of the bride, or a sum fixed beforehand in the reverse ease. The recipient of the letter knows the writer's name ; the writer is absolutely ignorant of the recipient's. The whole of the correspondence passes through the hands of the agency, which supplies special envelopes for the purpose. But there was no necessity whatever to advertise. The candidate for wedlock may apply personally to the direc- tress of the agency—it is generally a woman. That is what I did when I wanted materials and facts for my. articles on the subject. I paid my fifty francs, stated my qualifications and prospects. Next morning I had a letter asking me to call at the office of the agency. " I think I have got what you want," said the principal. And then slee gave me full particulars of the young girl whom she bad in view for me. Neither the girl nor her parents had the remotest idea that the agency was bestirring itself for her happiness. I was to see my possiblefiancee two evenings later on at an " at home!' The Principal herself was to take me. From two or three remarks she dropped. I felt convinced that she knew pretty well all about my position, except the important fact that I was a married man. I did not absolutely carry my marriage certificate on my back.

Two evenings afterwards the principal, who might have passed muster in the best society, fetched me in her wn,or what seemed her own.carriage ; and in about o half-an-hour I found inyself in the apartment of a gentleman holding a by no means subordinate Govern- mental appointment. I knew him by sight; he did not know me. lie was simply subsidised by the principal of the agency. Subsequent experiments taught me that he was one of a hundred. I was introduced to the young lady and her parents. Of course, next morning I pre- tended to have changed My mind. " I would remain a bachelor," I said, " for another twelve months or so." But I took the trouble of verifying tho principal's state- ments. Every one, including that of the ten thousand c pounds dowry, was strictlyorrect. Wheth( r I should have been accepted by Beatrice or her parents if f pur- sued the affair to the last stage but one is another thing. I doubt it, for everyone of my statements would have been also sifted by the principal, and there were a good Many that would not have

===== 0002601_18960104_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOSITIES OF DESCENT.

_Abraham Hayward, the famous "Quarterly" Re- viewer. once thought that he would like to have some ancestors, so he walked straight to a picture-dealer's. Selecting a portrait of a cavalier in half armour, with features not quite unlike his own, Mr. Hayward made a bid for it, but, deeming the price asked too high,he went on his way. A few days later Mr. Hayward went to dine with Lord Houghton, and was astonished to find the picture in the dining-room. Seeing that it attracted his guest's attention. Lord Houghton said : " Very good picture that ! Came into my bands in a curious way. Portrait of a Milnes of the Commonwealth period—au ancestor of mine." " Ah, indeed 1" said Mr. Hayward, "he was very near being an ancestor of mine."

===== 0002601_18960104_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATHS IN THE W/SLEYAN MINISTRY

DURING 1895.

The deaths in the Wesleyan ministry during the year now ended have been 28, and included in this list are one ortwo junior men. The most prominent name is that of the Rev. Dr. Greeves, who was President of the Conference when it met in the Potteries in 1884, and for some 40 years was a distinguished preacher in the Methodist Church. Tens of thousands in and out of British Methodism will also know that the death-roll of the year contains the name of Peter Mackenzie, who was everywhere beloved. The Rev. Frederick Payr e, who spent no fewer than 41 of the 57 years of his ministry is the Liverpool district.did a remarkable work in the way of chapel building in North Wales ; also in the promotion ot middle class education. The Rev. Thomas B. Good- win was at one time financial secretAry of the Leeds dis- trict ; he was an able preacher. The Rev. George Ken. yon was a native of Wath-on-Dearne, and spent 14 years in Yorkshire circuits. To Wesleyan Methodists the full list will have an affecting interest. The figures in paren- t lesis denote the deceased minister's age :—George Ken- (ss), William Elton (92), Frederick Ewer (68), John G. Devis (44), Henry S. Yates (41), Henry M. Radcliffe (53), Joseph Chapman (80), S. Wesley Lawton (59), Frederick Greeves. D.D. (62), Samuel Atkinson (79), William H. Lewis (78). Joseph Simpson (70), James Monahan (50), Herbert W. Haime (73), George Abbott (71), Joshua Johnson (55), Isaac Jones (71), John Scott (65), Frederick Payne (80). Elias T. Dickenson (39), W. G. Pascoe (57). Thomas B. Goodwin (80), Richard Wil- liams, Rhyl (67). Thomas Withington. Bristol (80), Ben- jamin Smith (59), Peter Mackenzie (71), W. Woodward Spencer (51), Samuel Blakeley (58), Singular to say,the number of deaths and the average is as near as possible the same as last year. For some years past the average age of ministers who have died In the Wesleyan ministry has exceeded 60 years, which fact speaks well, consider- ing the increasing wear and tear of the itinerant system.

A PEER'S RESIDENCE SOLD FOR

It is not often that the residence of one of" our old Pobility " realises so small a sum as £l9. Yet this was a sum which the residence of the late Lord Donington fetched by auction a few days ago at Farleigh Hunger- ford, a few miles from Trowbridge. The residence in question is not the historic Farleigh Castle, but it is the chalet which the late Lord Donington caused to be erected about twelve months ago in a field on the road from Farleigh Hungerford to Norton. It appears that after his lordship let Farleigh Castle to a lady from Liver- pool he came to the conclusion that U. e air of Farleigh Hungerford suited him—notwithstanding he possessed mansions at Donington Park, Leicester Bowden Park, Leeds ; and Loudoun Castle in Scotland, &.—and he gave instructions for the erection of a chalet in a field close to the park. The erection is entirely of wood, with corrugated iron roof, its aimensions being 27ft. by 25ft., and is divided into four rooms, one answering for a kitchen, in which is a cooking range. Here his lordship lived for some time, but he died last July, and the " tin hut" (as the villages termed the place) was soil the ether day to a gentleman acting on behalf of the Trowbridge Baptist Church, for the sum above named, for the pur- poses of a village chapel in the neighbourhood.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN POLITICAL CARTOONS.

(PRODI TUB " ST. JAMES'S GAZETTE.")

The English people ha ye a poor opinion ef the news- papers of the United Sta tea; but whoever will spend a few hours over the files brought by the last mail will be favourably impressed with the dignity, reserve and talent displayed by many American journalists when a national crisis demands sobriety of thought and re- straint of language. There are exceptions, of course; some newspapers indulge in wild and threatening words, and clamour for war with feather-headed levity ; button the whole, Great Britain has not much to complain of at the pens of the American press. There seems to have been a genuine desire to consider the question of the Guiana boundary in all its bearings, and—given the patriotic point of view—to weigh well the consequences of precipitate support of President Cleveland. The journal that takes the lead in the fulness, thoroughness, and impartiality of its news, and the sanity of its com- ments, is the New York "World," which is the property of Mr. Pulitzer. This newspaper, in the same issue as that which contained the Message, denounced the latter as " preposterous Jingo Bugaboo," and, as telegraphic advices have shown, has since striven with migitit and main to undo the mischief caused by it and to make con- flict between the two peoples impossible. The service this paper has done to the American peo- ple by the courage of its comments and the effectiveness with which it has marshalled all the facts it could ob- tain bearing upon the controversy, has been heightened by front-page cartoons which "hit off" the situation , with humour as well as exactness. The " Bugaboo " article was pointed out by an illustration showing President Cleveland as too big for his boots. There 'stands the President—a massive, square-built gentleman in a buttoined frock coat—looking out upon the world with defiafft pride and pointing to a placard which he lholds in his left hand : " President Cleveland's Mes- sage : Venezuela must be protected at all hazards." But the whole pose and figure is made ludicrous,for with up- turned trousers the President is standing in "J. G. B." , boots, whose uppers his huge fait have split from toe to I toe. " Blaine's Shoes Filled at Last" is the satirical footnote to the picture, and in the corner is a drawing of a pair of old boots "Left by J. Blaine," one named " Jingoism "and the other " Bluster," one boot occu- pied by Senator Lodge and the other by Senator Chandler, each politician frantically waving weapons and in a condition of violent verbal explosion. The car- toon of the following day represents President Cleve- land,with a tremendous strain on the chest-buttons of his frock coat, striding into the bush. He has just flung down the gauntlet—a glove bearing the words, "Monroe doctrine,"—and in his left hand he carries a rifle, on whose stock are the significant dates 1776,1812. Behind him is a rabble of pigmies, each bearing a caricature of a Jingo politician ; some mounted on asses, others draw- ing loads of tin soldiers, and all in a frenzy of acclama- tion and jesticulation. " rhrowing down the Gauntlet: A New W arrior to the Front," is the title of this cartoon.

Perhaps the most effective and humorous cartoon is one that appeared when the war-fever was at its height —on Saturday the 21st—before the full effects of the panic in Wall-street the day before were realised through- out the States. It is entitled " After the war is over— Is is worth a war ?" Jonathan, with long hair and a long goatee, iu a ragged dress-coat, a star-spangled waist coat, and torn pants, has copped down on the ground in a sitting pasture. His right hand is on his forehead, after the manner of a man regaining consciousness and realising that he is in a frightful fit of some kind. The face is expressive of terrible anxiety, to which a clue is given by strewn documents bearing the words" War Debts." To Jonathan's right sits John Bull—huge of body, shore of leg, au.l of aldormanic rotundity. John Bull is in riding-boots and leathers, with the national flag for waistcoat, and a coat whose skirt is torn to shreds. In appearance he is an apple-faced personage— clean shaven double-chinned, swollen as to the cheeks, bridgeless as 'to the nose, and bald save for curling hair over his ears. Be has strips of sticking-plaster pasted ouer his forehead, is holding the elbow of his right arm as though hurt on the funny bone, and his right eye is "bunged up." About his feet" War Debt " papers are strewn. On the whole—due probably to his immensity of girth and the length of Jonathan' a reach—he seems to have got slightly the worst of the tussle •. though Jonathan, with sticking-plaster across his left cheek and his nose slightly out of the per pendicular, looks pretty bad. At the feet of the two is a miniature figure of Venezuela—a grinning military gentleman in a large three-cornered hat. He is dancing merrily, while the giants who have been fighting about him are bswailing their injuries and their debts. Yet another cartoon is labelled "Playing with Fire." It represent a court-yard flanked with houses containing dynamite, powder, fire- works, and other combustibles. In the yard a group of boys—Cleveland, Lodge, Chandler, Reed and others—are throwing fresh fuel on a blazing fire. Of cartoons on the other side, mention should be made of a typical one in the New York " Tribune," which, however, in an editorial, advises its readers to " keep cool." It gives a picture of a landing-stage. President Cleveland, in what passes in America for a shooting- a c k has just landed from a boat, and is kneeling be- tore csident Monroe, who stands over him grasping ept , r the United States flag with his left and bestowing a sort of episcopal consecration upon the head of Cleveland with his right. By the side of Cleveland are a gun and two dead ducks—an allusion to the belief that Cleveland had ten days' duck-sbooting before he determined upon issuing his Message. This cartoon is headed " The Re- turn of the Prodigal." Of the letterpress in the newspapers there is so great and varied an abundance that Wits difficult to arrive at a fair estimate of the whole. The extracts from the leading journals telegraphed to London day by day have already given some idea of the trend of American opin- ion. So far as one can judge:, after reading many columns of opinions collected from journals, great and small, in all parts of the States, these conclusions impress them- selves on the mind :—" That American journalists, a class, are film believers:in the validity and necessity the Monroe doctrine. That they are divided in opinion as to the reasonableness of the extension of its original meaning given to it by President Cleveland. That they are adveise to war with Great Britian. That even those who most loudly champion Venezuela's claim doubt whether Venezuela gives sufficient cause for quarrel— whether Venezuela proves a sufficiently good pretext for the assertion of the Monroe doctrine as formulated by President Cleveland. That they are fully conscious of the defenceless condition af their coasts, and of the terrible injury they would suffer as a nation even if they were victorious, which they consider highly problemati- cal. That they do not think Lord Salisbury will yield as to the territory up to the Schomburgk line. That if the Commission does not report in favour of Great Britian up to that line they do not see how war is to be avoided in the end. That, nevertheless, their sheet anchor is in diplomacy, not in armaments." These are but rough conclusions, drawn from the reading of many columns. It is not necessary that chapter and verse should be cited for them ; but it, should be said that thry relate to the period before the subsi- dence of the war fever, and in their essence, to judge from extracts since telegraphed, do not seem to have undergone modification.

The largest mass of pure rock salt in the world lies under the province of Galicia, Hungary. It is known to be five hundred miles long,twenty miles broad, and two hundred and fifty feet in thickness.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
KING EDWARD THE THITtli AND ARMENIAN ATROCITIES.

A letter of protection granted:by King Eiward 111. to three Armenian Christians in the year 1360 affords (says the " Times") a striking proof of the antiquity of the Armenian question and the unchanging character of the problem which still awaits solution in 1895. When the King was at Reading, in the month of April in the year of grace 1360, to him and his Keener came the piteous lament of three worthy Armeuians, brothers Stephen, James, and Anthony, of the Order of St. Basil. Their true tale commended them to the charity of all good Christians. The kingdom of Armenia, at least for the greater part, had been wrested from the hands of the Christians by Pagans and other worshippers of idols and the land was occupied by the intruders. Not content with victory, but desiring in their wickedness to extin- guish the Christian faith, they waszed the churches, and never ceased to most cruelly slaughter the Chris- tians. Wherefore these pious monks could no longer dwell in peace in their native land,and had come to pray the King for leave to dwell for a while in England, and to seek the alms of the faithful wh‘s might be moved to pity on hearing of the horrors wrought in far-off Ar- menia by the cruel Mussulman. The King grants the prayer of the three Armenian monks. He takes them " under the wings of his Royal protection," being inclined thereto by the piteousness of their case and by the reverence due to God and holy religion. Neverthe- less (though evidently this was added by the scribe as part of the common form of such letters), the King's protection is to continue only as long as the bearers of the letter do nothing to the hurt of his Grate or of his faithful subjects, and bear themselves in true faith and honesty.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
;OP FOR

THE EXAMINER, SAI JANUARY 4, 1896.

.]E),...., T , Iti The being pu Price, it cum° any book or mu

AN OFOR TE TUTOR sent Post ID apprpoisipmectitouns ... Magazine of Music," Office, The mot re- markable & cheap- est book ever published. NET /.... POST 250 PAGES (Full Music Size Contains 70 Illustrations and over aso Songs Dances Carols. Anthems 20; Ludgate Hill, London. E.C. The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes. -

===== 0002601_18960104_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
K

===== 0002601_18960104_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r Majesty's Ro:

===== 0002601_18960104_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
"5 -1. -.4 4

'WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

PLLS'"J

7011 ALT.

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS:

SUCH IA SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18960104_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

WE AK STOMACH;

===== 0002601_18960104_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER.

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

Boxes, lid., and 2s. Si. each, with full directions. The ls. lid. Box cc_ 'Was 56 Pills.

PREPARED oNty BY THE PROPRIETOR—.

THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. Ilelens, Lancashire.

SPECIAL NEW YEAR'S BARGAINS. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN AT CASH PRICES. JOHN 'HALE, PAWNROKER. JEWELLER. PIANOFORTE DEALER BAND GENERAL HOUSE FURNIIIEft. (My Speciality.) FINE GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES (by Noted Local Makers.) And Stamped Warranty Given with each Watch. 3, UPPER DUKE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Opposite Dr. Raffles' Church, Great George-at.) (TOLD KEYLESS MINUTE REPEATER.—COST £5O, BY CHAS. TIEDEMANN, Liverpool. RlBlos.—Magnific Int Gold Presentation. keyless, heavy 18-carat plain hunting-cased Minute RE- PEATER. finely finished. threequarter-plate, extra ruby and e•amond jewelled movemeot, full chronometer adjustment; strikes hours, half-hours, quarters, and minutes on gongs. A grand watch ot the first quality. New twelve months ago. and cost £5O. Twenty years' stamped guarantee. • PRESENTATION GOLD KEYLESS HUNTER WATCH, By John Lecomber. Liverpool. tI7IN.—Magnificent WATCH, by this famous maker, massive 3-oz. plain 18-carat hunting case, chrono- meter rated, brequet spring, ruby jewelled, and all Lecom- comb's improvements ; cost £45 three years ago. Will lend £l5 in p'edge at any time. Payments, or exchange made. Twenty years' warranty.

THOMAS BUSSSLUS A SONS, CIAURCH-STREHT, COST 240.

218 10s.—Gold Keyless Centre-seconds English Lever Stop WATCH, in massive 3oz. solid 18-carat hall- marked hunting cases ; guaranteed air and dust proof; highly-finished threequarter-place full jewelled movement, brequet spring, jewelled on end-pieces, chronometer adjust- ment, and all the most modern Improvements; a most accur- ate timekeeper; new eight months ago, and cost £4O. Twenty years' stamped warranty. Exchanrei made.

By CHARLES TIKDEMANN, Parker-street, Cost £4O. ZIQ 10s.—Gold Keyless Centre-seconds Chronograph OP English hand-made Lever HUNTING WATCH, in massive 3oz. plain 18-carat cases (air and dust proof). chrono- meter balance, brequet spring and unbreakable main-spring, jewelled every action with diamonds and rubies, in almost new condition; a fine-class watch, and suitable for presenta- tion (extra size). A magnificent timekeeper. A bargain. Warranted for 30 yeaas.

1'- Rs r.-. ogi hp-hcHlat7ntinGgo-cidaseKde .Llespswcff Centre-secondsmas,ive 18-carat ha :marked plain bright polished cases, fully adjusted chronomeer balance. brequet sdring, timed in positions and temper•.tures, a perfect timekeeper, j!welled every action ; no'r six months ago; worth 30 guineas. A bargain. Rxchanges made for inferior watches or jewellery. Payments taken. Inspection invited. T. Dl•Hale, 3, Upper Duke-street. Fine watches my speciality.

HIGH-CLASS Gold Keyless WATCHES, in open face and hunting cases, just forfeited as under : Cost £lB 10s—Ly Joseph Sewill, S. Castle-street. Half-hunter £4O £l3 10s—By Joseph Sewill, S. Castle-street, Open Face £3o £l4 103—By Thomas Russell and Son, Open Face £2B £l7 10s—By Thomas Russell and Son, Grand Hunter .£4O £l9 103—By Thos. Russell and Son,extra quality Hunter £45 £lO Os—By Joseph Sewill. S. Castle-street. open face £25 £l3 Os—By J. Pyper, Belfast, Grand Open face £2B £9 10s—By John Lecomber, Liverpool, Open face £2s £l5 Os —By James Penlington, Castle-street, Open face £33 Each of the above is a modern Watch of the finest quality and in first-class condition, in massive 18-carat hall-marked plain gold case,sall chronometer adjustments, brequet spring, and extra jewelled, and sold subject to apploval, with a stamped guarantee for 25 years with each. Payments taken, or other articles taken In exchange. 111'Hale, 3, Upper Duke- street, for genuine forfeited bargains in high-class watches. Cash returned if not approved.

RUSSELL'S 10-GUINBA FLY-BACK CHRONGR.APH. £4 17s 6d.—Grand Solid Silver Fly-back Minute Regis- tering Keyless CHRONOGRAPH, in massive plain solid silver cases, gold joint and button, chronometer balance. brequet spring, and all the most modern improvements in this valuable high-class watch. Invaluable to doctors, en- ‘.neers, sportsmen, &c. New six months ago. Twenty ye' rs warranty. 3l•Hale, 3. Upper Duke-street.

T. RUSSELL & SON'S KEYLESS CHRONOGRA.-Pll. 25 5s (Cost £E:).—Magnificent heavy, air and dust proof. plain solid silver cased keyless centre seconds, grand extra jewelled three-quarter plate movement, with chrono- meter adjustment, unbreakable mainspring, and all the latest improvements; gold winding button, joinLs, and outside stopwork. Timed to one minute a month, Payments or exchange.

WORKINGMAN'S GENUINE SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCH and SILVER CURB ALBERT & SEAL. RllB 6d —Highly-finished 8-guit ea Silver English Lever WATCH, by one of the best English makers, capped and extra jewelled every action, in massive solid silver Eng- lish hall-marked air and dust proof cases ; together with heavy •solid silver curb Albert and Seal. Government stamped every link, guaranteed by stamped warranty for twenty years. Cash returned if not as represented. Forfeited Pledge. Weekly payments taken. A bargain. See this lot at once.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— OLBANSRS THE TEETH—PERFUMES TH/A BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from OA Proprietors, for Is., post-paid.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBERTs WONDERFUL CENTRE SECONDS WATCH.

BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD.

'EATS ALL OTHERS IN

ALITY AND

Six and Eleven for one of DEBERT'S WAT NIES. chased (as drawn) or plain if preferred. resembling Heal Silver equal to 5-Guinea Watches can be had in gold plated cases; looks exactly as al5 Guinea Gold Watch. All are warranted timekeepers. I will send by registered post, safely packed. at my own risk to any ad imss in the United Kingdom on receipt of postal order 7s. 6d.. a Watch as above of the plain case resembling silver or gold (as desired). Enclose this announcement (" Examiner ") with order to-day. My 6d. Albert CHAIN "Woitaz " Silver (stamped Debert, Liverpool, on the bar) are the best in the world. Seal to match 40. Ladies Solid Silver WATCHES from 10s. 6d., real Silver Albert Chains 3s. 6d.. real Silver Name Brooches, Hall marked. from 1014.—P. DEBERT. Watch 'Manufacturer, Wholesale Jeweller and General Merchant, 10, Church.street, Liverpool. Established over 10 years.

B TA .„4,9"------ \ll ‘ - ~, • ', W.F. e,• PRIQE. .4%, y '',/ I I ~.,. • .. ~,, • ..• i ''' i : 1 i•I ) I uf/ ~--.„ -... • -414- fi ---,' ,- ....-. . , , ---(A„-------_,- '''' 6-i•,•-• 0., • ---1-..

===== 0002601_18960104_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Please Observe IN STEED

zesl4 It Surrey:

he E E s, MAN

THB •FATIL4. NOTIELES, OVX. 1351' 301.

, SariLiVe "a% via tir.1.316 obtimised frogs ge. ,

im.A.F.""zoomtlC atm

' ...S• s▪ ifvr- 4 s AY Ak mots a

• CUM Zurigtoti on, ,Letßitilegi :übAtivicut . Tit eadotite- -43,1i0t14-rath),TtaxecrubDett:C C.Krartitlen4Val.,4 rta 13 :4136d ZlipediOUriolcti«.sßebuttbk.L, _ _ _ .-150xla S'l4, eltda.skr:.l Sole Agents J. H. WESTON, CHEMIST. RUNCORN, J. STRINGFELLOW, ST. HELENS.

`4.t

wOg

--,. --, - - - ') , i li /.;\ '\ll . ~ 1 , 'V ~ r. , e a / _ - 4f, _ -.14- .`,4 1.1”, ''St';'l, / b"I ' . - 4 .. - ?Ad; 1 '7'4, ' _l_2.: r'::,-'1 •a• 701, ' 1.6,te:t',t,1 \al .., 7,, -0;14'4 ' :,•7, '; ii 9 , . ,r-t":". ,";;,,u2ir; :L2., .... ,kr r.' • V P Ck.")i:',,‘,',7:,):10011,k ,1 ~,,;:. 1,), %\ s ~! ) t' -....,N (4 ). • ~) - ~..,1!.., AreA012„.!..?..; efiv, ,1 , ,i, - / I .!.?;,.. ;.• 1. ".7-3 --------- _'' 5'01.4..::, A ^ "lA-, .. , _art i. •,,,i, -',40,90 ' ---- - : " . Im-' (!, , ~`,!';''',4l>:-/ , t.".' -t:,•;* •---- ' .... ' oNrc 0 - 7 . '.l' - I‘. FlFTYc,ll.4Pis'e. ooTH • illt-"' ' '''' . \ c—' ••• LIEVE i.l.- , \ , 1 lt, 1 rfillnlo.::,:. j.67.1,4::.11.E.t.AT. 1!..)i 1 ) \/ \ i L .://,, , , , -- r ;t, Haab y Stat. 41 ths F i ~......, 4.1.'0.. If 'MINING ,-........_. c:..: V"... ZZ' e: .! -qt- ...... e-x- -... .--. )-! '.. :-. -;, . - i- r• .r : ..*:: , '.' ..:: t• ..: v` -','

.• , Dui ---1321r131.zatClbr MN dity T - - .4 we cam Warr _•••••• • • fr ... min,' "ye a / ;;11igrp.414:41..r. , $ . . ' ul 4.. .': '. 1, . . ty i It.' • .414 . ...! ,It-,7'.:c.: • (TR, • r 1R.04 . •

Aka' *aloft

I 1

===== 0002601_18960104_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
EPP

S ' S

BREAKFAST-SUPPER.

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

BOILING WATER OR MILK.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6

===== 0002601_18960104_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Ar,v/oR:

ireh opd CUttij. If

===== 0002601_18960104_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CASE OF DESSERT KNIVES AND FORKS.-COST 8 GUINEAS.

23 7s 6d.—Choice Case of Solid 'Silver;plate DESSERT KNIVES and FORKS, Twenty-four Pieces, in hand- some walnut silk-lined case; solid silver hall-marked; in perfect condition; ivory handles. Also a Choice Case of FISH EATERS, Al quality, solid ivory handles; 70s.

SPECIAL.-9-GUINEA CHRONOMETER LEVER. 23 12s 6d—For Silver English HUNTER, by that grand maker, J. Kellie, Liverpool, with chronometer balance and adjustment for extreme heat and cold, capped, ruby jewelled, and all the latest patents, in heavy plain solid cases, damp and dust proof, with solid gold joints ; made to special order last year, and maker's receipt and our warranty for twenty years given. No finer watch can possibly be made, and intending purchasers should see this special bargain. Approval. Payments taken.

THE NURSE'S WATCH.—COST £5. Ell2s 6d —First-class Solid Silver Centre-seconds Stop WATCH, beautifully engraved cases, outside stop, and all modern improvements. Twenty years' warranty.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY'S SILVER LEVER KEYLESS WATCH, BY RUSSELL.

Do 12s 6d—Lady's almost new Keyless Lever WATCH, okihe with white dial and seconds hand, threequarte-- plate, full jewelled gold movementand chronometer balance, and a most accurate timekeeper. Also another fine quality (key winding) Lever Watch, equal in quality and finish, in very handsome hand engraved cases ; only 375 6d ; wart h double. Twenty-five years' warranty with eac, and Russell's signed guarantee. Payments.

BY JOSEPH PENLINGTON.—COST £lO. EQ ps—High-class Silver English hand-made, extra t..) jewelled Lever Hunting WATCH, jewelled with diamonds and rubies, chronometer balance, in heavy plain bright polished solid hall-marked hunting cases, with gold joints. Had very little wear. A most accurate timekeeper. Twenty ye Ars w- -nty.

arra

BY THOS. BLUNDELL, GREAT GEORGE-STREET. 24 15s.—Lady's Gold English hand-made Lever WATCH capped and jewelled every action with valuable rubies, in massive English hall-marked solid gold cases, beautifully engraved; gold dial. Guaranteed to keep guntlme f6r twenty years. Payments or exchanges.

SILVER LEVER OENTRE SECONDS, BY LECOMBER. 15s —Grand Solid Silver Centre seconds Keyless Lever WATCH, by this noted maker; high-class threequarter-plate movement, extra jewelled chronometer balance, and all improvements. Twenty-five years' warranty. Payments or exchange.

LADY'S 12 GUINEA SOLID GOLD KEYLESS HUNTING

WATCH. 9 15s.—High-class Solid heavy Gold Keyless Hunting tl WATCH, beautifully hand-engraved cases, extra jewelled movement ; a most accurate time keeper ; white enamelled dial, gold hands ; 20 years warrant,'; equal to new. Also a very handsome and fashionable Albert with tassel drop, stamped, only 375. 6d.; worth 3 guineas.

CHOICE NEW YEAR'S PRESENT.—VALUED AT £l6. EQ 12s. 6d.—Lady's very choice small Gold Keyless e...) WATCH, in solid gold plain eases, studd.d with ablout twenty beautiful pure white diamonds of the first water ; handsome enamelled dial. A perfect timekeeper. Almost new. A choice lot. Twenty years' guarantee.

GOLD KEYLESS LEVER DEMI-HUNTER.--COST L 1.7 10s. —Highly-finished 18-carat very heavy cased X../ Demi-hnnting WATCH ; bealtiful hand-engraved cases ;by that noted firm, Michael Bros., London ; three- quarter plate, extra ruby jewelled, chronometer adjusted movements. New twelve months ago, and cost £25. Twenty years' warranty. Handsome and valuable present.

LADYS SILVER KEYLESS WATCH AND ALBERT:- 21 2s. 6d. (Cost 4 Guineas).—Lady's Choice Silver Key- less WATCH, extra jewelled movement, beautifully engraved cases, fiat glass and white dial; together with Fashionable Solid Silver Double Albert, with tasssel. Twenty years' warranty.

T ADY'S Solid GOLD ALBERTS, stamped, from 21s to ..LI £3 15s. ; cost double. Large stock of fashionable designs to select from.

GOLD ALBERTS, FORFEITED PLEDGES, AT HALF ORIGINAL COST. •

SOLID GOLD Viiiiiiiiiiiiif:"STAMPED CURB ALBERTS. £2 15s 04—Massive CURB and reversible SEAL. £5 12s 64—Very heavy CURB and SEAL, weighs 12 Boys. 26 5s Od—Grand AL BERT and Seal, very massive. £8 103 04—Massive CURB and SEAL, weighs 17 soya. 2,3 12s 64—Grand Long Link FETTER and SEAL. 19s 6d—G rand FETTER-LINK and SEAL, stamped. 7s 64—Massive CURB and SEAL. stamped. 12s 64 —Gnind Doubled ALBERT, long link. £3 15s 04—Very fine Doubled ALBERT and SEAL. £8 103 04—Massive 18-carat Hall-marked CURB. Immen.e stock to choose from at from 30s to £2O. A stamped guarantee with each of the above as to value, quality and condition. Inspection. Money returned if not as adver- tised. Satisfaction guaranteed or cash returned.

SPECIAL.—MASSIVE SOLID GOLD CURB ALBERT AND SEAL —SPECIAL. Lft 7s 6d—Very massive. Government stamped solid ti Gold Graduated Curb ALBERT. with reversible Bloodstone and Sardonyx Seal attached. Cost late owner £lO three months ago. Will lend £4 in pledge,

-9 -GUINEA. DIAMOND AND PEARL BRACELEI. Lc, 12s 6d.--Magniticent Diamond and Pearl BRACELET. Gd fashionable and chaste design, set in heavy solid gold hall-marKed setting. A bargain.

:MAGNIFICENT DIA MOND HORSESHOE BRACELET R9l2s 9 I.—Cost £3O.—Magnificent Diamond BRACE- LET, set in massive 18-carat setting, 13 pure white Brazilian diamonds of the first water, matchless colour.

40-GUINEA DIAMOND CRESCENT BROOCH. RlBl7s 6d.—Megnifieent Diamond CRESCENT, com- posed nf 14 very large pure white Brazilian dia- monds of the first water ; forms brooch or hair ornaments. Matenless value.

Note the Address

===== 0002601_18960104_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
-A- 4.- OH 14N HALE, PAWNBROKER _ _

39 TiPPIO DUKE STRICT, LIVERPOOL.

(Opposite Dr. Raffle's Cluipel). Oki Gold and Silver, China. Old Plate, Glass, Pictwres, Coins, Books. &c.. bought for Cash, Stored or Advanced t a Low e. Letters or parcels receive prompt attention

===== 0002601_18960104_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Ertterfs to tbt Orittor.

COUNCILLOR BENNETT ON THE UNEMPLOYED AND IRELAND.

Sir.—lnconsistency! thy name is Bennett. Mr. Bennett says I am never happy (sic) unless I am figuring in the correspondence columns of some local paper. Well, in the first place as to my never being happv,Mr. Bennett does not know me, or he would never say that! And then, in the second place, I fail to see that it is any business of Mr. Benuett's—this figuring of mine in the local papers—unless, he does me the very great honour of allowing me to " figure " in the columns of his illus- trious journal. But Mr. Bennett, while he pretends to denounce my mode of becoming famous, says he is sorry that he has not neither the time or the inclination to emulate me in this pleasing pursuit ! But he will ! He then informs your readers that the electors of Howley Ward are quite capable of exercising the franchise with- out any assistance from me. Well, the electors of Howley Ward did not seed Mr. Bennett into the Couricil Chamber to represent them! If he happens to be the representive of Howley Ward, he is such on account of a breach of political etiquette, or in com- mon parlauce, be won by a fluke. But I premise him faithfully,thatfiflGod spares me until the next November election time comes round, the electors of Howley ward will—without the permission of Mr. Bennett—have some assistance from me, and I flatter myself that we will give Mr. Bennett more time to " become famous," in another sphere of action.

Again Mr. Bennett very kindly points out to =2 e, "that i is usual to fight one's battles out upon the spot and to say what one bas got to say where it can be ' promptly answered." Now, Mr. Bennett will pardon me, but I must point out to your readers. that Mr. Bennett is misleadiag them, for if Mr. Bennett will try and extricate himself from the fog and maze of his new Conservatism, he will doubtless have some faint recol- lection of the fact that I did answer him ! and that some a the members of the debating society, cried shame on Mr. Bennett's devoted head on account of his indecent remarks on the poor and the afflicted ! I would remind Mr.Bennett,that I an an Irishman ,and that:it was never yet known, that an Irishman deserted a" spot "where there was a chance of a fight of any kind whatsoever. Mr. Bennett further charges me with" misrepresenta- tion." Will Mr. Bennett deny that he applied the word "nuisance," to the unemployed, and to the inmates of the workhouses ? True, it was not so reported in the local press, hence, the necessity of my writing upon the subject. No one doubts, that Mr. Bennett is a most estimable gentleman, that he has a sympathy for the poor, and is admirably fitted to occupy any -(private) station in life. But one may be reasonably excused for concluding, that a man who is so imprudent as to dub his fellows a" nuisance," is not fit to hold any public position whatever ! and that the sooner he is sent to adorn the domestic circle, for which he is so admirably fitted, the better for himself and all cpncerned ! Mr. Bennett is quite mistaken in concluding that I have no remedy but the workhouse for the unemployed problem. As I told him at the meetiag of the Debating Society, I advocate the remedy stated by " Nunquam " in" Merrie England." I cannot help pointing out the inconsistency of protesting against discussing questions, which have been discussed in the Debating Society, in the press. If it is wrong for me to discuss them in the press, it must be wrong for Mr. Bennett to do the same ! In conclusion, let me add I have no desire to spend my time in "tearing my hair ''over the cruelties perpe- trated by Englishmen cn my beloved country. I leave that soul-inspiring exercise to the more congenial tem- perament of our dreaming friend, the famous author of "The dream of an Englishman." But I assure him that I will make the best use of whatever poor ability the great God has endowed me with in repairing so far as I possibly can the sad, the appalling results of such fear- ful persecution! And to this end I would call upon my fellow-countrymen to organise themselves into a solid and compact body, so that they can make their power felt at the proper time. I say to the unemployed, to all the workingmen of Warrington, but especially to those located in Howley Ward, remember this word for Mr. Bennett—" Nuisance "—and do your duty like men.— Yours, &e., J. C. DALTON.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
A TALE OF A TUE.

Sir,—A recent writer in the " Nineteenth Century " engaged in the discussion on the alleged Agnosticism of the undergraduates, spoke of the freshmen coming to college as " prejudiced in favour" of the popular re- ligion. And this is so. Children are steeped to the lips in religious prejudices, and all reasoning on such sub- jects is forbidden as a danger to " the faith." And the natural result ensues. Hence we see acute business men— men who have succeeded in business solely by means of the logical employment of" reason " in that business— suddenly suffer a complete change, and become the vic- tims of unreasoning belief, when the subject of religion comes on the carpet. Such men. so to speak, seem to keep a vacant plot at the back of their mental business premises—a sort of lumber-yard in which to pile the most incongruous and incompatible religious notions. Here, among the rejectamenta of saner minds, he can revel in vague indefinates, and indulge, unchecked by his business hour reason, in the dear delight of thinking that 2 and 2 may sometimes make five, if the exigencies of reconciliation demand it. An excellent illustration of the ill effects of this prejudicial training is afforded by " Amos White." in last issue. This gentleman—if it be a male indeed, the hysterical style almost forbids the thought—has been so thoroughly steeped in these preju- dices.as to be incapable of re asoning himself free from them.. He 'brings his back-yard to the front with a vengeance. I have not the advantage of knowing our " Amos" and therefore, for aught I know, his front may be all back. As a substitute for reasoning he has off by heart two sets of names. One set— Voltaire, Hume, and Paine—he keeps for indiscriminate vilification, the other set for equally indiscriminate adulation. If our friend would, for one brief hour,leave off his hysterical and exclamatory style, and come down to the consideration of facts, he might learn something to his advantage. Instance: If the scales of prejudice could fall from his eyes he might learn that no such per- son as "Jesus Christ " ever lived upon this earth! Jesus of Nazareth was a Jew, and most certainly would not have answered to the Greek appellation. Christ—Kris- tos—the Anointed was a posthumous title which Jesus never, in all probability, ever heard as applied to himself. It is the outcome of Greek mysticism and genius for fab- line. Now, Amos the candid, is like most other Chris- tians. He has evolved from his "inner consciousness" a theory of Christianity which is as like the real article as law is to equity. Calvinism is the most logical and Biblical form of sectarian Christianity. The murderer of Servetas reduced Christianity to a focus, and accen- tuated its horrible dogmas. Modern refinement rejects Calvinism as too atrocious for entertainment. And, when such as Amos White "rush in where wise men fear to tread," ani assume the role ot defenders of the faith, it is their own dearly beloved misconception of it, the creature of their own brain whose cause they so valiantly defend, and not the dour and immoral reality that con- demns " unbaptized babes a span long to eternal torment." Finally, as to his " matter for thought" where do "the precepts of the new Testament teach men to abolish slavery ?" Nowhere in the Bible, from title page to Colophon, is the abolition of slavery advo- cated, or spoken of as an evil to be got rid of, instead of which we have the tramp's maxim,"take no thoughtifor the morrow."—Yours, JOHN PEERS.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FOLKS TREATS AT WARRINGTON.

COCKHEDGE MISSION-OLD FOLKS TREAT.

Perhaps one of the most successful events ever held in this place was that which took place on New Year's flay, the occasion being an Old Folks Treat promoted by the select class of males, under the patronage of Mr. Z. Armitage and Mr. Arthur H. Lee. The " treat" took the lines of a sandwich tea and first class entertainment. From 3.30 the good old people of the neighbourhood began to assemble in the chapel where selections of music were discoursed by Messrs. Jackson (W) and Beardsall (piano), and Adcroft (clarionette) prior to ad- journing to the schoolroom for tea. The place had been suitably decorated with bunting, banners, and mottoes bearing the inscription "A hearty welcome to the old folks," &c. The tables, which were heavily laden with the viands provided, were relieved by window and hot- house plants, kindly lent for the occasion by Mrs.Adcroft and Mr. Griffiths, and when the aged people (upwards of 200) rose to sing "Be present at our table, Lord," the whole presented a cheerful scene long to be remembered. After tea the old folks returned to the Mission Hall, where there commenced at 6 30, under the presidency of Mr. John Plinsten (superintendent), supported on the platform by Messrs. Brown, Jackson (George), Robin- son, Sudlow, Clare, Gallop, and Cox, a carefully pre- pared programme. Songs were rendered by Misses Jackson and Rushton, and Mr. S. Hassan ; recitations by Messrs. Phcenix and Lowe; concertina solos by Mr. William Smith; duets (vocal) by Messrs. Butterfield and Jackson (J), and a dialogue " Paddy's Mistake," which created much merriment, by Misses Cousins and Utley and Messrs. Butterfield, Lowe, Phcenix and and Jackson (J). Mr. Walter Bellian also sung four humorous songs in his own refined, accomplished and inimitable style which were richly enjoyed by the audience. Every item on the programme was performed in an excellent man- ner and fully deserved the manifestations of approval with which it was received. Mr. William) Jackson ably officiated the entire evening on the pianoforte and har- monium, and about 9.15 the old folks dispersed well satisfied and very profuse in their expressions of grati- tude for the "grand treat" which had been afforded them.

A coloured lion-tamer named William Beaumont died yesterday morning in St. Bartholomew's Hospital, Lon- don, from injuries inflicted by a lion during a perform- ance in the Agricultural Hail on Christmas Eve.

CADBURY'S COCOA Is a gentle stimulant ; it does not irritate the nerves, but is soothing, refreshing, nourishing,invigorating, and strengthen- ing to the body.—Advt.

RUNCORN URBEIN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held no Thursday morning at the Town Hall, Runcorn. Mr. E. Imison, J.P., occupied the chair, and there were also present : Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. F. Wiswall, P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., J. Jones, T. Dean, G. H. Kirk- ham, J. Pritchard, Wilson, J. W. Lightburn, G. Hewitt, H. J. Grice, W, Collier, M. Sweetirian, D. Biabrown, R. H. Posnett, Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk), Mr. Marshall (secretary), and Dr. McDougall (medical officer). "A HAPPY NEW YEAR."

The Chairman said before proceeding with the busi- ness he weuld like to wish every member of the Council and the officials " A Happy New Year." He thought they were met under rather more favourable conditions than in 1895. The cloud of trade depression showed some signs of lifting, and he hoped that work might be more plentiful this year for those willing to do it, and that Runcorn might have a return of the prosperity experi- enced in years past. To the members of the Council, the officials, and the public generally he wished a happy and prosperous new year.—Mr. Bisbrown said he was sure they all reciprocated the wishes of the chairman, and hoped that the good old town of Runcorn would be more prosperous this year than in the past.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.

which he had been spoken of by the majority o f the Council, and hoped that he might be spared for many years to fulfil the position to which he was now ap- pointed, and give :var. Wilding tne benefit of the experi- ence which he had gained. The Law Clerk then read an illuminated address which it had been decided to present to Mr. Barker, and afterwards handed it to him. The address was enclosed in a gilt frame, and the address it- self had been most artistically treated. The seal ot the Council had been affixed.

Mr. Barker and Mr. Wilding having suitably responded it was agreed on the motion of Mr. ro3nett that the text of the address should he printed on the minutes.

CANAL BOATS.

A report was submitted by the Secretary regardiag the execution of the ainai Boats' Acts. During the year nine boats had been registered, five of whin were new boats.and four were registered owing to structural alter- ations, which made a total of 935 boats registered at Runcorn. The Inspector had riF•ired 300 boats. There were found on board the boats 486 men, it° women ,and 119 children. There were no cases of sicknesi notified under the Infectious Diseases Notification Act, 1889, as having occurred on canal boats. A satisfactory feature in the returns were that only 110 women were found on board the boats as against 130 for last year and 119 children as against 151.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. McDougall reported that the number of deaths registered during the past mouth amounted to 19. Two were inquest cases, and of the remaining 17,6 were due to bronchitis,2 to kidney disease,2 to mesenteric disease; 2 to premature birth,and one each to abscess, scarlatina convulsions, syncope, and one to debility. The 19 deaths showed an average death rate for the twelve months of 12 per thousand of the estimated population and exclu- sive of inquest cases of 107 9 deaths were amongst children of twelve months or under. 43 births were rPgia. tered. For the corresponding month of last year, 21 deaths were registered an 7 deaths on whom inquests were held, total 28.—Mr. Pritchard said the report seemed to point to a low death rate.—Dr. McDougall : I think the doctors may all take a holiday. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Gastaldi asked whether scarlet fever was not preva- lent in the town.—Dr. McDougall said it was of a very mild type, and deaths were very few. There was a negligence cn the part of same of the residents to advise officials of cases. Although it was a mild type, the cou- tagion was equally the same.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SURVEYORSHIP OF RUNCORN.

The Highways and Buildings Committee reported that the following resignations have been received from the surveyor and assistant surveyor.—" The Chairman and Members of the Runcorn Urban District Council. Sirs,— Having regard to the re-arrangement of my duties and salary as recommended by the Highways and Buildings Committee I beg respectfully to say that I fall in with the said arrangement and accordingly tender my resign- ation as your surveyor, sincerely thanking you for all kindness rendered during the 42 years of my service. It has been my desire to be faithful to my trust, and this principle being inherent I think will continue. I have the honour to be your obedient servant (signed) MICHAEL BARER."—"TO the Chairman and Members of the Run- corn Urban District Council. Sirs,—ln view of the re-ar- rangement of the surveyors' department in which your committee recommend my appointment as surveyor I hereby beg respectfully to tender my resignation as assis- tant surveyor. Yours obediently (signed) JAMES WILD- ING." The Committee recommended that the aforesaid reaignations be accepted,and further recommended that Mr. Wilding be appointed surveyor and water engineer at a salary at the rate of £lB2 for the first two years, and that Mr. Barker be appointed consulting surveyor and superintendent of the outdoor work connected with the duties of surveyor, at a salary at the rate of £144 ner annum, and that such appointments date from the 2nd January, 1896; that the Council hereby convey to Mr. Barker their high appreciation of his long 3nd faith- ful service to the town as surveyor and that the seal of the Council be affixed to an address expressing such ap- preciation. Mr. Bisbrown in moving the adoption of the recom- mendations, said he thought it was superfluous to make any remarks in regard to the recommendations. It was a well-known fact that Mr. Barker felt unequal to the duties of surveyor, and wished to be free from some of the responsibility. The committee had very carefully gone into the matter, and their deliberations lasted for an hour and a half, so that it could not be said that they had come to a hasty Conclusion. They had in Mr. Wilding an officer who was well qualified for thl position of surveyor in every respect, and he did not think they could have a better one. The rearrangement wculd be a saving of a yearly sum of £4O. Mr. Barker's duties would now be chiefly outside werk, and free from a great deal of the strain be had had hitherto. The pro- perty owners would have to pay the greater portion of his salary, which would come out of private street funds.

Mr. Speakman seconded the adoption and the recom- mendations of the committee with great pleasure. He believed Mr. Barker had done his work nobly and well for a long period, and they wished that his health might be spared to continue work of roads' surveyor. The re- organisation was for two years and there would be a saving of £4O a year. It would be very satisfactory to the ratepayers to find that their interests were being looked after, and that their retirinc, surveyor would be earning a salary. He would not dwell further on the matter as the whole thing was gone through very care- fully in committee...._

Rev. Dr. Gastaldi:proposed an amendment, stating that it was the desire of the committee who went into the question to save something to the ratepapers. He did not think they had succeeded in saving the amount which the ratepayers expected. He therefore proposed that the surveyor should receive £156 a year instead of £lB2. and that Mr. Barker be paid £ll4 per annum in- stead of £144 or-nosed. By doing so they would save the ratepayers £lOO 4 year.--,Mr. Sweetman seconded the amendment, and said he did not think the sum of £39 as proposed by the committee was much of a say- ing.—Mr. Lightburn supported the original proposition, and in doing so said Mr. Barker was relinquishing over £7O a year in order that the present responsibility might be removed from him. So far as the actual duties of the surveyor were concerned, no man could take up at once all the threads of the surveyors duties. There were thousan is of pounds worth of sewers, drains, and pipes buried beneath the foundations, and they would be able to refer to Mr. Barker who would 'be able to give any information desired. He thought it would be a great loss to the town if they had not Mr. Barker to refer to, as under his superintendence, the town, or the greater portion of it had been built. 011'lr. Wiswall spoke of the increased duties which devolved upon the surveyor by recent acts of Parliament as, for instance,the model building bylaws and improved sanitary measures which had to be enforced.

Mr. Pritchard thought the committee had -struck upon a happy medium in the fixing of salaries. He pointed out that Mr. Wilding held certificates from the Science and Art Department, and was engaged teaching at schools in Runcorn and Liverpool at nights, for which he derived about £lOO per year, and he thought it would be unreasonable for them to expect him to give his ser- vices for the sum of £156 per annum. Referring to Mr. Barker, he said he had given the hest part of his life in the service of the town, having been their surveyor for 42 rears.

Mr. Wilcnn also expreaced regret, that Dr. Gastaldi had thought it desirable to divide the Council on the matter. The work could not be carried out by one man. If they discharged Mr. Barker they would have to give about the same amount to a complete stranger.—Mr. Grice thought that Mr. Wilding was a very efficient man for the position. With regard to Mr. Barker he thought they were only doing an act of justice.—Mr. 'Collier spoke in support of the resolution. He said they were dealing with a gentletnan and one of high principles. Mr. Bar- ker need not take one penny less than the salary which was previously fixed. In coming forward as he had done, it showed that he was willing to adapt himself to the necessities of the times.— On being put t. ehe vote only two, Dr. Gastahli and Mr. Sweetman voted for the amendment, the rest. voting for the proposition, with the exception of Mr. Kirkham who dianot vote.

Mr. Kirkham then rose and moved a further amend- ment that the sum of £l2O be paid instead of £144, and £lBO in place of £lB2. Ile said if Mr. Barker had been such a splendid and faithful servant he had been paid for his services. Fit! had only done his duty. If he had earned more, it Was not a matter for them to consider now; it was a matter which should have been considered by the old Board. He did not consider Mr. Barker was now worth more than £l2O a year. and what was paid over that sum was a pension. They paid wages equal to any private firm, and he did not think there was a firm that would give a man over 70 years of age a sum of £l4O a year.—Mr. Speakman : Question.—Mr. Kirk- ham : Thank you, but I think it will stand questioning. He thought a stonemason or builder would do the work for a less sum.—Dr. Gastaldi said he would second the amendment, inasmuch as he lost his own. (Laughter.) In taking the course he did, he did not cast any reflee- tions on the capabilities of the two men, hut he conzid- ered that the pay Was toe much.—Mr. Lightburn , ridiculed the hypothesis on which the amendment had been based, speaking particularly of the idea to get a bricklayer or stonemason to do Mr. Barker's work. He referred to the increased cost in the surveying depart- ments of other authorities as compared with Runcorn. Mr. Barker's salary was being paid 1-y property owners in the making of streets.—Mr. Wilson said there was an idea abroad that Mr. Barker uas being pensioned off without working at all. He wished it to he understood that he was going to do outside work.—Mr. Speakman said Mr. Barker would do everything he had done in the past of the outside work but would n)t be held respen- sible in the technical way as when he was surveyor. He thought that when a member of the Council brought a surveyor to the common level of an ordinary artisan-it was begging. the question.—The amendment was lost, only Mr. 'Kirkham, Dr. Gastaldi, and Mr. Sweetman voting for it.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO MR. BARKER.

After the voting and pa.sing of the recommendations, Mr. Barker and Mr. Wilding were call,d into the room. The chairman intimated to them the decision of the Council. Addressing Mr. Wilding he said he thought he voiced the opinion of the whol. Council in hoping that he would be spared to undertake the duties, and to per- form them in a war that would be satisfactory. Speak- ing to Mr. Barker, he referred to the felicitous terms in

===== 0002601_18960104_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

This committee recommended that application be made to the Cheshire County Council for a course of lectures on sick nursing for next winter, to be held on Wednesday evenings.—Mr. Wiswall moved, and Mr. Speakman seconded the confirmation of the minutes which were approved.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIBP CANAL 151PROVEMHNTS.

The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi said he would like to know what was being done with regard to the slips and coal tips to he made by the Ship Cabal Company. We were now in 1896, and the work was not completed. He thought some information should be, sought on the sub- ject.—Mr. Speakman said he was informed by Mr. Wis- wall that the slip for the repair of ships was practically complete, and the layby construction was progressing, and it would not be now very long before it would t;),. ready for salt and coal—Mr. Kirkham said he understood that there was only two or three feet of water at the slipway.—Dr. Gastaldi moved that the question be brought before the committee and also the question of the ferry.—Mr. Speakman said there were severest mat- ters respecting the new Ship Cacti' Bill requiring con- sideration,and he would call a mgeting of the cointnittee at an early date. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
FITA.LIT I. ON TIII SIIP CANAL.

THE RESULT OF A COLLISION.

Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner,held an inquest at Runcorn Police Station on Monday afternoon, or. tho body of Henry Smithson, captain of the steam tug Wigan, and residing at 25. Smith Bank Terrace, Runcorn, who met with his death on Friday night,on the Manchester Ship Canal, near Weston. Mr. Newman. solicitor, Manches- ter, appeared on behalf of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. Robert Smithson, son of the deceased, engaged on the tug Wigan, was the first witness called. He stated that the deceased was 47 years of age,and was captain of the tug Wigan. About 5.30 on Friday night he was on the tug when the accident happened. They were going round the bend of the Ship Canal near Weston on their way up the canal,when the Wigan ran into the Florida,a steam tug going in the opposite direction. He saw the Florida's lights before they struck. His father blew the whistle twice for the Florida to go on the other side of the canal but it was too late. Both tugs belonged to the Ship Canal Company. He did not think his father altered the course of his tug after he had blown the whistle. The Wigan struck the Florida on her port side, and another collision afterwards took place between the Florida and the Cambria with the result that the Florida rebounded and struck the Wigan. The shock threw his father overboard, and he did not see him come up again. It was about five minutes afterwards when his father was recovered. Cross-examined by Mr. Newman: Don't you know that two whistles mean that you are going to starboard helm P—The Coroner to witness : This is an important question. you have said it meant that the Florida should make way for you. Witness said he thought that was so, and that the Florida should take her port side. In answer to another question by Mr. Newman,witness said that the Canabria was about three or four yards behind the Florida. Did you see the Cambria before the whistle was blown P—l cauldn't see her lights.—When the two whistles were blown you hadn't seen the Cambria then P—lt was on account of the Cambria that the whistles were blown.—But you have just said that you hadn't seen it. Harry Saunders, Abergele-street, Runcorn, driver on board the Wigan, said he was below at the time of the accident. The first signal he received was" half-speed," the next "stop," and the two following ones "astern," and " full speed astern." He did not notice any signal given. The first collision occurred when he got the order to stop, and the second collision when going full speed astern. The engine stopped and he went to the screw. He found the captain in it. It was that which caused the engine to stop. Dr. McKenzie stated that one of the crew of the Florida came for him a little before six on Friday evening. The deceased was brought up the canal to Runcorn where he met him. His heart was beating when he first examined him and he endeavoured to restore him. He attributed death to drowning and not to injuries. Thomas Fearnett, 4, Regent-street. captain of basge number 9, stated that he was standing aft on the barge at:the time of the accident. His barge was tied alon.- side the Wigan. He saw the Florida approaching, and she was showing her right light at the time. She was on the starboard side, and the Wigan was also a little to the starboard. He heard the Captain of the Wigan give two sharp blasts with his whistle which was meant that he was going to starboard helm and he followed that up. Therlorida kept its richt course, it was not the duty of those on board to alter their course after the signal given. A collision occurred and the Wigan struck the Florida on the starboard. The Cambria which was following on the Florida came up and struck her, with the result that the Florida collided with the Wigan. He heard the lad shout that his father was in the canal. He could not say whether it was the wheel or the shock which knocked him overboard. If he hadn't starboarded his helm there would have been plenty of room for the Florida to pass. The Coroner: You consider it was an error in judgment ?—lt was a gross mistake. He had known the deceased for three years and was quite friendly with him. James Harrison, Northwich, captain of the Florida, the property of the Ship Canal Company, said he was at the wheel at the time of the collision. They were pro- ceeding down, and the Wigan up the canal. As they neared the Wigan her captain gave two short blasts with the whistle, and the Wigan proceeded starboard helm, coming right across the canal. A collision then happened. If deceased had not starboarded his helm the Florida would have passed clear. He could not say what was the deceased's idea in doing so. He supposed the deceased thought he had time ti get to the starbiard side before they passed him. It was an error of judg- ment. If he had kept hie own side of course there was plenty of room for the Florida to pass. He had known the deceased for five years. In answer to a question by Mr. Newman, witness said it would have been useless even if the Wigan had crossed the nose of their vessel. The Coroner said it was one of these puzzling cases which seemed to frequently occur in nautical affairs. It seemed as though there were times, as in the case of the captain of the Wigan, when nautical men seemed tolose their nerve and presence of mind, and do that which every other nautical man as soon as he sees it condemns, and which condemned itself immediately, afterwards by causing an accident. He could only conclude from the evidence that the present was indeed one of those occa- sions. The real cause of death was collision, and the collision was certainly caused by the deceased causing the vessel Wigan to go into collision with the approach- Florida. Tne deceased seemed to have been a man of experience,and knew his duties thoroughly well. He had committed an error of judgment, and through that the accident happened. He did not think there was any blame in any shape or way with the captain of the Florida. and certainly no blame attached to the Cam- bria. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidentally drowned."

===== 0002601_18960104_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

The grave closed over the-r-e—m-a—t-n—s-of the deceased on Tuesday afternoon. There was a large concourse of people in Runcorn Cemetery to witness the funeral cere- mony. A procession was formed at the deceased's late residence, and proceeded to the Cemetery. It was headed by Mr. William Bankes and Mr. William Shaw ' (missionary), succeeded by Dr. McKenzie and Captain fleasler (superintendent of the Runcorn section of the Ship Canal), and the follOwint, captains and others employed on the canal :—Messrs. Joseph Jenyon,Edward Wickenden, Thomas Brown, Henry Eaton, John Orme, Henry Flitchmough, Charles Williams, John Ryder, Robert Yates. Alfred (lou.h. Joseph Parr, John Lockley, William Wakefield, Robert Wilding, H. Saunders, James Edwards, William Littler, Arthur Povey, Thomas Hall- wood, John Royle, Edward Player and Robert Roberts. Then followed the hearse containing the coffin, around which the Union Jack had been wrapped. The chief mourners followed, including the widow. sons and daughters, and relatives, succeeded by a number of friends. The bearers were Captains Trimble, :Masker, Price, Hughes, and Mr. Bowyer and Mr. Yarwood. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. H. B. Firth. A number ot floral tributes had been sent.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

BACHELORS TEA AT TITE WESLEYAN CHURCIL—There was a bachelors' tea, of which about 200 persons partook,on Thursday evening, in the Wesleyan schoolroom. After toa there was a miscellaneous entertainment presidod over by the Roy. C. de P.Gliddon. A capital programme of songs, readings, recitations &.1.. was gone through. The most emucing (?) part of the entertainment was the performance of a band, not a member of which could play, but made frightfully discordant noises on various kinds of instruments. A very enjoyable time was spent.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
EA.RLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

NEW YEAR'S HOLIDAYS AT EARLESTOWN.

For the New Year holidays the Viaduct Works and Vulcan Foundry closed on Tuesday night until next Monday morning. Messrs. T. and T. Vicars closed on Wednesday only, and all the tradespeople in the town closed their premises on that day also.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
EART.ESTOWN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The junior and senior scholars had a social even- ing on Thursday night in the Wesleyan schoolroom. The juniors were regaled with fruit,&c., and passed the evening in games, &c. The seniors at 9.30 sat down to an excellent supper, and afterwards en- joyed themselves in games, &c. EARLESTOWN SELECT DANCING CLASS.

The first annual ball in connection with this class took place in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Tues- day evening. There were about 50 couples present, and dancing which commenced at 9.30, was kept up with spirit until about five o'clock on Wednes- day morning. The music was supplied by the Earlestown Orchestral Society, and the M.C.'s were Messrs. Matthews and Tonks. BITTEN BY A DOG.

On Monday afternoon two large collie dogs were fighting in Cross-lane, Earlestown, when Inspector Morgan tried to separate them. A young fellow named Hibbert, employed by Dr. Mouncey, as coachman,went to the assistance of Inspector Mor- gan, and after choking one of the dogs off,tbe other returned to the attack, and bit Hibbert on the band very severely. He at once proceeded to Dr. Mouncey's and had his injuries dressed, and it is hoped no serious results will follow.

NEW TEAR HANDICAP AT THE CONSERVATIVE CLUB.

Tho. handicap at billiards and skittles promoted at the Close of the year at the Conservative Club, Earlestown.were terminated on Tuesday night. For billiards there were 51 entries and there were 13 prizes. Mr. F. Brierley secured the first, Mr. J. Gray second. Mr. B. Fairhurst third, and Mr. J. ITowe fourth. There were 71 entries at skittles and 10 priz-s. J. Green first, B. Fairhurst second. W. Mawdsley third, C. Dickenson fourth, and .T. Smith (Crow-la,te) fifth. The prizes consisted of geese, ducks, rabbits,and liquor.s,and were distributed the same night by Mr. J. Catterall, chairman of the committee. EARLESTOWN GOOD TEMPLAR&

The usual New Year's party in connection With the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-operavive Hall, Earlestown, on Tuesday evening. Bro. G. Clarke presided, and there was a good muster of members and friends. The proceedings included and commenced with a programme of songs, recitations, readings,&c.,given by the following in a pleasing manner :—Bros. W. Willis. W. Wilson, G. Clarke, G. E. Warburton and Crowther; Sisters M. and A. Jackson and Battersby (Culcheth). Supper was afterwards served and games were indulged in until about 5.30 next morn- ing.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON VOLUNTEERS.

On Monday evening the members of " G " Com- pany (Newton) of the King's L. R. of Volunteers were entertained to a hot pot supper at the Pied Bull Hotel,Newton. by Lieutenant Stewart McCor- quodale. About 120 sat down to the meal, which was of a substantial character and much enjoyed, amongst those present being Colonel Wood, Captain N. McCorquodale, Mr. G. MeCorquodale, Mr. A. McCorquorlale, Mr. Hindley, Mr. F. J. Wood, Colour- Sergeant Houghton, and Sergeant-Instructor Han- cock. The after proceedings were of a convivial character, amongst the toasts proposed and honoured being "The Colonel," "The non-com- missioned officers and privates," "The Captain," "The medallists." Songs. &c., were given by Privates Egan, Liptrott, Devereux, Sergeants F. Appleton and Williams, and ex-Sergeant Sutton.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER NEW YEAR'S SHOOTING.

The annual shooting competition promoted at the new year by the " G " Company (Newton) K.L.R. volunteers took place at Highfield Moss range on Wednesday. There were 63 contestants, all of whom obtained a prize of some description. The conditions, were 5 shots at 200 yards, and the weather being favourable the shooting was of a fair description. The range was in charge of Sergeant- Instructor Hancock. The following are those who scored not. less than 10 :—Corporal Kent. Private Wallace, Private Martin,Colour-Sergeant Houghton, Sergeant lkfcCormick,Private Gibson,Sergeant Han- cock, Private Ellg.m, Private L. S. Rimmer, Private Tiorrahin, Private Liptrott, Private Boardman, Ser- geant Bateman, Sergeant Wright, Private Turner, Private Gee. Private Irving,Corporal Pullen,Sergeant Rimmer, Sergeant. Rowse, Corporal Pendlebury, and Privates Wallace, Jackson, and McCoy. The prizes were distributed the same night in the orderly room by Colour-Sergeant Houghton. The committee desire to thank the tradesmen and others who con- tributed to the prize list. RAILWAY ACCIDENT AT EARLESTOWN.

About midnight on Monday a goods train, which had been shunting in the sidings near the Viaduct box at Earlesto,.vn, met with an accident which has had a serious result. It appears when the train had completed the shunting operations, the engine had drawn past the ground disc which re- gulates the trap points, and the driver was thus unable to see whether the points were open or not. The brakesman however gave the signal for right away, and the home signal being off, the driver started for St. Helens. The signal however was for a train on the main line, and the trap points were open, and instead of going on to the main line, the engine ran through the points with some force into the stop block, which it drove about. a dozen feet away, and then ran off the metals down the bank, the wheels becoming embedded in soft ballast to a depth of about two feet. The fireman jumped into the hedge at the side of the line and escaped with- out injury, but the driver stuck to his post. Had the ballast not been soft, the engine would cer- tainly have run down the embankment and pro- bably have overturned. The brakedown gang from Warrington was soon on the scene, but it was not until half-past four on Tuesday afternoon that the engine was re-railed.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON -DISTRICT COUNCIL.

BUSINESS OF THE NEXT MEETING.

The next meeting of this Council is announced for Monday afternoon next, when the following among other business win be submitted.

HIGHWAYS, PI7BLIC WORKS AND SANITARY COMMITTER.

This Committee's minutes state that a special report had been received from Mr. Greeory, as to irregularities In dealing with the nightsoil belonging to the Council. It is also stated that a long discussion ensued as to whe- ther legal proceedings should be taken against the men, or whether they should summarily be dismissed, and it was resolved .that one man be summarily dismissed. It was resolved that the whole question of the removal of nightsoil, together with the supervision and check upon the men, be referred to the Nightsoil Sub Commit- tee to report thereupon to the Sanitary Committee. The Committee has also resolved that the Council do not allow occupancy of any huts on the Market-square, except on market days. A letter was read from Mr. R. B. Tort, asking for a reduction in the charge for one of the ante-rooms in the Town Hall, for a dancing class, as it was resolved that the ante-loom be let to Mr. R. B. Toft for the winter season, 1e95-6, at the rate of five shillings per night. A letter was read from Lance-Sergeant Bailey. asking for the use of the large room, '&l., for the Ist Battalion South Lancashire Regimental Ball, at reduced prices,and it, was decided that the matter be dealt with by the Council. _

_ Resolved that the committee make application for the hire of a steam roller, and that application be at once made to the Wigan Corporatinu, and failing to obtain the same, that advertisements be issued for the hire of a roller.

A letter from Nir.lßeesley in reference to his account was read, and it was resolved that the question of Mr. Beesley's account be referred to the next committee meeting ; it was also resolved that Mr. Ronayne's letter be referred to the next committee meeting,

GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE:

This committee has reanlved that the Chairman open and inspect the tenders f,r the as works, and that he have authority to order therefore for immediate require- ments, and to report to the next meeting. A letter from Mr. Webb ac. to the water supply was read,and it was resolved that the letter be acknowledged and referred to the sub-committee.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LETTING OF PUBLIC ROOXS.

Mr. Evans has given notice that he will move that the present scale of charges for letting the Assembly and other rooms in the Town Hall at Earlestown be, and is hereby altered, so as to allow of a reduction of twenty- five per cent, off the present rates being made in the case of the rooms being taken by ratepayers of the dis- trict.

A ghastly diacovery has been made in the Manchester Town Hall, a watchman finding the body of a gasfittings inspector, named Newton, hanging from a towel rail in the lavatory.

Sunday was Mr. Gladstone's 86th birthday, and, as usual, a large number of congratulatory letters and tele- grams arrived at Hawarden. Owing to his absence on the CiSntinent, however, the number was not so large as in former years. A telegram has been received from Biarritz stating that Mr. Gladstone and his party arrived there 'all well" early on Sunday morning.

NEW YEAR'S DAY AT EARLESTOVVN AND NEWTON.

New Year's day opened in spring-like weather which tempted a large number of people to indulge in outdoor exercise. The previous evening watch- night services were held at most of the places of worship, and were well attended. The streets until well into the new year, were a very busy appearance, a good number of people heralding the advent of the new year in ball rooms. Immediately the hour of twelve had struck, the sounding of whistles proclaimed the birth of a new year. There was nothing during the day to attract people, and consequently a very large number left the town for adjoining towns. In the afternoon Earlestown football club paid a visit to Ilaydock to play off their Alliance fixture with Elaydock the match endiug in a draw of one goal each. In the evening the various school parties were held, particulars of which will be found below. CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL, NEWTON.

The annual treat was held in the schoolroom on Wednesday evening. There were about 200 to tea, the tables being presided over by the teachers. After tea an entertainment was given by the scholars and others, the Rev. J. Allatt presiding. Mr. M. Battersby, secretary, gave a report for the past year, in which he said that the average attendance of teachers was 15. and scholars 143. The number of magazines bound was 110, comprising good sound healthy literature, and the larger priced volumes were on the increase. The school had lost one or two teachers from various causes, but their places had been to some extent filled by other efficient teachers. The penny bank was doing good service, but it was yet too early to fur- nish a statement to the 31st December, all bank books had been called in to have the interest added, and the annual statement would be furnished a little later on, probably at the annual church meeting. The following programme was given during the evening :—Piano duet, "Sans Sauci," Misses E. M. and C. Taft; song, "Sleep, my love, sleep," Miss G. Allatt ; whistling solo, "Love's golden dream," Mr. J. Howard; quartette, "The stars are with the voyagers," Mrs. Turner. Miss D. Mather, Messrs. J. aria W. Owen; violin solo, Mr. H. Pennington; song, "The daisies," Miss Elsie Brownlee; chorus, "Glory to God," and "Hail golden morning," Junior Christian Endeavour Society ; song, "The star of Bethle- hem," Miss D. Mather; humorous sketch, "The rehear- sal," nine scholars; song, "The yeoman's wedding song," Mr. W. Owen; action song, "Raise the tam- bourine on high." six girls; whistling solo, "The lost chord," Mr. J. Howard ;song, "Killarney," Mrs. Turner; quartette, "0 hush thee my baby," Mrs. Turner, Miss D. Mather, Messrs. J. and W. Owen; recitation, " What I would do," Miss Lily Warren ; song, "Deane," Miss E. Jones. At the close Mr. Allatt distributed the maga- zines which had been bound free of cost.

BAPTIST TEA IPARTY AND ENTERTAINMENT. The annual tea party and entertainment in connection with the Baptist Church was held on Wednesday. There were about 160 present to tea, and the tables were pre- sided over by Mrs. Morris, Misses Limond, Crown and Fail (2). Partington (2), Miss Morris, Miss Holt, Messrs. Morris, Swarisbrick, Godbort, Mai nes, Robinson,Hulme, R. Morris and W. Limond.—The Rev. F. E. Miller pre- sided over the entertainment which followed, and Mr. W. Limond. secretary, submitted his report for the past year, in which he said, the year just closed had been a very successful one, and he thought the teachors, scho- lars and officers alike, could congratulate themselves and wish, on this first day of tha new year, that the present year may be equally successful. The number of scholars had increased from 183 to 198, with an average atten- dance of 84 in the morning and 138 in the afternoon. The teachers and other officers numbered 26. The finances, he was happy to say, were very satisfactory,the balance now in hand being £6 17s. 41., as against Ills. 3d., on December 31st, 1894. The different societies, Christian Endeavour, Band of Hope, and Mutual Improvement, were doing a good work in their 'spheres. The Dorcas class, conducted by Mrs. Shim, was a new institute, the object being, as the name indicates, to provide clothing, confined to the ladies, and the class provided a free breakfast to the poor children on Christmas Day. In the early part of the year they were deprived of the ser- vices of their esteemed superintendent, Mr. Hulme, who through ill health,was compelled to resign. They were, however, fortunate in persuading Mr. Evett to accept the Superintendency, a position he has filled with every satisfaction both to teachers and scholars. It was their intention to form a library in connection with the school, I the advantages of which he was sure would be appreci- ated by all their members. For some years it had been his finishing remark to call attantion to the insufficient accommodation they had at their dispoosal—in fact they were very much cramped for room. He hoped, however, that by this time next year he should have the pleasure of presenting his report in the new premises. (App:ause.) The entertainment was then proceeded with, the fol- lowing nrogramme being efficiently rendered :—Opening glee, "Laugh and grow fat," choir; selection on glasses. Mr. J. Isherwood; recitation "Before a lowly cottage," Miss M. Wakefield; action song, "The British flag." the children ; piano selection, " I dreamt I dwelt in marble halls," Miss A. Clare ; dialogue. "The County Parliament," seven members ; song " Anchored," Mr. W. Limond ; recitation, " Paul Revere's ride," Mr. S. Harvey ; action, song " Song of the flowers," children ; piano duet" In the woodlands," Misses S. A. Fail and E. Partington ; recitation," Death of the Old Year." Miss F. Kenning; song and chorus "The Lord Mayor's Show," Mr. G. Roberts ; dialogue, " The District Council of Christmas," eight members ; song, "Fond heart and true," Miss M. Fail ; selection on glasses, Mr. J. Isher- wood. At the close, the Rev. F. E. Miller distributed 76 nicely bound books to scholars as awards for punctual attendance.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLSTOWN WESLEYANS.

The annual tea party was held on Wednesday evening in the Wesleyan schoolroom. There were about 200 per- ms to tea, and the tables were presided over by lady members of the congregation. After tea an entertain- ment was given in the Town Hall, when the attendance was largely augmented, the room being crowded in every part. The Rev. J. Battley presided. A :lengthy programme of songs, &c., was excellently sub- mitted, the principal features of the musical por- tion of the entertainment being the Earlestown Orchestral Society's band, which, under the con- ductorship of Mr . A. Ashley, played in an efficient manner an overture " L'amour au village," vales "Casino Tange," quadrille "Popular melodies," and selections "Bohemian Girl," and a choir of about 60 boys and girls who had been trained by Miss Greenall. The choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Clare, sang with excellent taste and care part song "Standing at the portal,"" The Queen of night," "The soldiers,"and "Merrily speed the mill wheel," for which they were loudly applauded. The other items on the programme were duet" Maying," Miss May and Mr. F. P. Clare; song" Alone on the raft," Miss Simkin ; song "The King's Champion," Mr. J. Roberts ; song "The blue Alsatian mountains," Mr. F. P. Clare ; quartette "A Madrigal," Misses May Clare and Eckersley, Messrs. F. P. Clare and J. R. Barr; duet "The goose with the golden egg," Miss Simkin and Miss Clare. The enter- tainment was concluded by a exhibition of living wax work figures, representing various well-known charac- ters. Mr. W. Clare officiated as showman, his man " Joe " being Mr. J. Barrett. This portion of the enter- tainment caused great amusement, and was capitally carried out. Miss E. L. Greenall accompanied the musi- cal selections in her liana! efficient manner. PRIMITIVE METHODISTS.

The seraor scholars of the Primitive Methodist Sun- day school to the number of 80, including friends, held their annual treat on Wednesday evening. ihT tea which was of a substantial character was much enjoyed, and the remainder of the evening was spent in various games.

===== 0002601_18960104_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The senior scholars and teachers of this school- had a social evening in the Mission Hall, on Wednesday even- ing. The proceedings comprised tea, after which the evening was spent in games and dancing. CHRISTIAN BRETHREN.

The scholars attending the Sunday school attached to the above religious denomination were entertained to tea in the Queen-st.rooms. About 80 sat down to a sub- stantial tea, which was thoroughly enjoyed. Afterwards the evening was spent in games, interspersed with sing- ing:, fruit being handed round at intervals. During the evening 26 books were distributed to the scholars, as awards for regular attendance and good conduct, by Mr. Ernest garrison, of Liverpool. VULCAN WESLEYANS.

The senior scholars and teachers hele their annual tea party in the schoolroom. About 40 were present and heartily enjoyed the good things provided by Mr. J. Platt and Miss Dearden. An enjoyable evening was afterwards spent in tames, the party broaking up shortly before 12 o'clock.

66 /FHB BOY'S OWN GUN," fires bullets, shot or darts, .1. Sure killer of birds, rabbits, &c. No powder or license required. Price 2s. 3d., extra powerful 3s. 3d. each. Carriage paid. From inven tor. —JoHN EGGLESTON. Natura- list, Sunderland. 1,000 sold weekly.

ST. HELENS THEATRE ROYAL.

" THE STREETS OF LONDON."

The New Year's attraction at the Theatre Royal, St. Helens, has been the production of the popular /flea drama "The Streets of London," and large houses have received the performance with enthusiasm. The drama is based on the story of a fraud by a banker who de•• prives othcr people of their property and becomes millionaire. One of the thrilling scenes is a fire in which local firemen, with fire engine and other appliances,help to make the scene a really capital one. The leading charac era have been taken by—Mr. Arthur Lyle, Mr. John S. Haydon, Mr. Arthur Raynor, Mr. Charles Vane, Mr. James Hackett, Mr. Frank O'Grady,Miss Alice Ray- nor, Miss Sophie Snenton, and Miss Ethel Lewis.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by 708 N WALKER et Co at The Examiner General Printing Villa, Ilewsey-street. and Published als o at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WrrwEs ; High- street RUNCORN 32, George-str..t.Ft. Helen. and ,33, !I.lo:Aet-3treet, BABLEBTOII7I. JANUARY 4,18 F 6

, •

===== 0002601_18960104_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
"CHARLEY'S AUNT."

As will be seen from our advertising columns " Char. Lea's Aunt" pays a return visit to St. Helens Theatre Royal next week. It is a remarkable fact that the sun never sets on " Charley's Aunt," for it is now being played in London, the English provinces by two com- panies, in Germany by seven companies, where it is the only piece that ever had the honour of being commanded to be performed at the Imperial Palace before the Em- peror and full Court, in America by two companies, in Australia, and at the Cape. The company visiting St. Helens next week has been carefully selected and re- he.rsed by Mr. Penley himself. The action of the comedy centres around the "spooning' escapades of a couple of chums at an Oxford College, and a visit to tbe college t4v " Charley's Aunt" results in scenes and inci- dents brimful of fun and merriment. Many of the situa- tions are extremely humorous, and the comical cempli- cations which arise therefrom maintain an all-absorbing interest in the performance to its end. MRS. LONGSHORE-POTTS, M.D., AT ST. HELENS. Local ladies will be pleased to see the announcement of the forthcomin,, visit to St. Helens of the well-known Lady physician and lecturer. Dr. Potts, it will be re- membered, lectured to great audiences at the Royal Court Theatre. Liverpool. last December, since then she has been packing to the doors the principal theatres of Scotland and Ireland. Recently, at the Theatre Royal, Shf ffi.-Id, which is also owned by Mr. Walace Revill,pro-- prietor of the St. Helens Theatre, hundreds of women were crowded out at her lectures, and much the same thing is happening on the afternoons of the present week at the New Grand Theaere, Blackpool. Mrs. Dr. Potts is a Qtiakeress. She gradu- ated from the Women's Medical College of Philadelphia early in the fifties—a time when the app arance of a woman i , the medical profession was viewed with small favour. Many rears' experience convinced her that people became ill -largely through want of physicleg,e II knowledge, so fourteen years ago she began de- liverieg lectures in het drawing room to women only. Tkese were so favourably received, that, at the request of the Mayor of Philadelphia and others, she lectured in public to both sexes, and the success cf this experiment induced her to devote all her time to lecturing. She visited all the largest cities of the United states. and in her subsequent tour she appeared in many of the prin- cipal centres of Australia,New Zealand, and India. She will deliver her lectures in St. Helens at the Theatre Royal. that theatre having been booked to her for the five afterreoons comm .ncing next Thursday. The first four lectures will be delivered free of admission,only the final discourse on " Maternity " being charged for. A special feature of the lectures will be the limelight views, which have been described as amongst the finest in the world.

ESTABLISHED 1258. F. AUKLAND, MONUMENAL MASON AND SCULPTOR, LEGH-STREET AND 180. MANCHESTER-ROAD, SMlX•r(Near Cemetery entrance), WARE INItTON. Stone worked by steam power. Designs and estimates sent free. Monuments. Headstones, Crosses, Sx., always in stoak. The cheapest firm in to,-:n for porcelain and China Wreaths, Crosses, Anchors, Harps, itc.. to imitate natural flowers. Also Globes and Shades to match. All kinds of lettering and gilding executed ou the shortest noticc.

Iso-

RIINCO xc °vim J. SIMPSO Dr., F. McD

Summary

Balance due Received ft

year ••• Stock sold f Interest a& Dividends counts

Paid to Der

Invested Amount in

Stook held Less Stock

Stock held

W. rIA Dec

~___ WAR]

Wlli be 1

MAJ( 411,1_4er1oan pirn, RIK a." • B•li bc n 9. ; Mat aleaars. G ....Ind Bon atiMeon ar Esc

..eCorat.oi Warritig

Tickets 131,1 We, Is, Andert Walsh C 40ekey ; , ~Celuetery meCreadi4 tobaeconit requested buPPer bent Ear COUBIOI]

t• 11. LA •• e• QM

MAN( 4 BRAz

Waren, -PALL t-1 Orc Life 411 e Our Principal NovaMee Troinbca3 Ton, 78.

All °Lie] ------"'"""'"

A. GC matued WI at post „Mare,

When Prescript ruin vo I% book for lost came ari ITy._ ki

AB

===== 0002601_18960104_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,—TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JAN- UARY sth, 1896. In the Morning at 10.30., Service for Young People. The Annual DISTRIBUTION of BIBLES to the Members of the Pastor's Special Class will take place. N.B. Earnest invitation to attend this Serv'ce is specially givers to all who in past years hive received bibles in con- saection with this class. Special hymns provided. In the Evening at 6.30. MEMORIAL SERVICE for the late Mr. JOSEPH S. GARLAND. Preacher: Rev. J. YONGII. Usual offertories.

ARRINGToN TEcHNicAL INSTITUTE. The Second Term will COMMENCE in all DEPART- MENTS on MONDAY, 6th January. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary.

THE PARR HALL.—POPULAR SATURDAY EVENING CONCERTS. A Grand CONCERT will be given on SATURDAY, January 4th, at which the following Artistes will appear : MISS ALICE WILLIAMS, Soprano. MR NEVILLE HASTINGS, Tenor. MR. HARGREAVES HIIDSON, Baritone of Liverpool Cathedral and late Carl Rosa Opera *Company. MDLLE MA RIEN NE TOSTIA, a. Paganin i *the Mandoline," Solo Maud liniste from the Trocadero and Palais Royal Concerts, Paris. and Crystal Palace, London. lIDLLR. ELSA. TOSTIA, the famous Juvenile Pianiste from the Crystal Palace Concerts. MR. MEL B. SPURR, From the Egyptian Hall, London. in several of his famous "Humorous and Musical Sketches." "The Prince of Society Entertainers," vide Press. Musical Conductor and Accompanist:— MR. FREDERIC H. DORMOND, Prices of Admission ,-Is. (reserved seats), 6d., and 3d. Doors open at 7, commence 7.30 p.m. For the Parr Hall Committee, J. Llft WHITTLE.

, ierton's Bijou wri, sit!, ~ON, Orchestra.—Bands supplied any number, for B,lls. Bntertainments, Parties, &c., by R. Anderton, late H.M. Life Guards Band, R A.M., HAI. State Ball Bands, and principal London Orchestras. All the latest music on hand. Novelties procured. Brass Bands coached. Euphonium and Trombone Soloist for Concerts.—For terms Apply It "DEB- TON, 78, Buttermarket-street, Warrington. NIP

EUNE PALAC. E LIME-ST., LIVERPOOL. -4, SIXTH GRAND ANNUAL XMAS PROGRAMME. " NATURE'S CROWNING CAPRICE," COUNT IVAN D'ORLOFF, • The Living Ossified and 'I ranspirent Man. ALSO, SMALLEST LADY AND FATTEST BABY. A Bouquet of Living Wonders. PROF. CADY, in his great Cabinet Feat. VARIETY COMPANY. ILLUSIONS. And the World-renowned MARIONETTES. Comic Pantomime and Magnificent Transformation Scene, entitled—" The Nymph-'s Retreat in the Coral Caves of the Ocean.

~ THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, , COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. i AGENTS FOR 1 THE BUXTON IM E FIRMS CO., LD. IAGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. COAL REA.D OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. -1, SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVES: Arpley, Arpley, Bank Quay ,Telephone No.l t Maxson-street, Runcorn. Garston,, Mold Jn. Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington

_ RICHARD DRETHERTON JUN" FAMILY BUTCHER, • 4, Ea. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL. PORK, &C., Always on hand. from sid. to Sid. per lb. ALL ORDRS' PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

NORTH WALES.—WELSIIPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL; splendid situation; home comforts; low fe . _es . most successful in exams.—Apply HEAD MASTER.

OVERNESS—P 1J PI b WAN tED.—Preparation for Matriculation, Locals, RAM, R.C.M., &c. Rind borne, moderate premium.--BETA., Elm Villa, Staplegrove, Taunton.

THE MISSES RUMMER, 23, Wilson-Patten-st., Warrington. SCHOOL WILL RE-OPEN (DV.), OANIJARY 22ND. Fees, Testimonials, List of Passes, etc., cia application.

HOME and Thoroußb EDUCATION for ORPHAN GIRLS or Daughters of Military Men who are abroad. Highest references.—For Terms apply Mrs. HOULT, Byton•fields, Dorrington, nhrewsbury.

SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, RYTON FIELDS, DOR- RINGTON, SI-fiIIiWSBIJIZY. Conducted by Mrs. J. W. Houvr, assisted by resident Certificated Governesses ani Visiting Masters. A few Vacancies for Boarders. The next TERM Commences January 20th, 1896,

----- LAUREL BANK SCHOOL, HIGHER BROUGH- TON, MANCIIESTE.R. Careful training for profes- sional or c,mmercial life, thorough preparation for University Examinations ; healthy locality ; large field for games. A w boarders are receivad.--J. A. SUTTON, Principal.

BONN, GERMANY —The British Chaplain (himself a German) and his wife receive a few girls to educate with their daughters. Best advantages for languageS,music, art, as also for En2lish subjects. Certificated German and English resident governesses. Careful moral training. Terms, 60 guineas per annum. • x

TRINITY CO LL KG E, HA RROGATE -HEAD MASTER : Mr. J. P. HUGHES. The College built for scholastic purposes is replete with modern appliances ; gymnasium, swimming bath, cricket and tootball fields. Thorough training for Professional and Mercantile pursuits. SFecial attention to backward and delicate boys. Good Table. Terms moderate. Next Term Begins January 21st. 1896. MALVERN LINK SCHOOL, SMAALIIOSIE SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas Yearly. Healthie3t place in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the special care or Principal's wife, who is very succestbd in their traimin2,.. There having ben no viSI IITIII4 •t d • the last ten years,—AddressDr. AUSIN. MR. FRANK W. REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHER OF THE PIANOFORTE, VICTORIA LODGE, BUX CON. PartiCulars as to terms, &c., may be obtained from Mr. R. 11. Pearson, Bold-street, Warrington, or from Victoria Lodge.

wARRIN6TON GRANINIAR SCHOOL—THE NEXT TERM will begin on TUESDAY, JANUARY 21ST 1896. }'ees :—SRNIOR DIVISION £4 per term. JUNIOR DIVISION £3 per term. PRE p PARATORY DIVISION I „ . 0! per term, POr f boys under 12 years of age j -•"`" Llrther particulars apply to HEAD MASTER. ____.-----.

VICToRIA COLLEGE, DOUGLAS, ISLE-OF- MAN PRINCIPAL, It . R. HITCHCOCK, M.A. Pees for Board and Tuition £36 and £42 per annum. The next term begins 17tL aannary. 189:3. The School is int..nded to provide Boys 'With a sound, practical educAtion combined with the com- forts and advantages to the Principal. Of home life.' Prospectus on application

CoWLEY SCHOOLS,L.:a OT. HELENS. New Building..£ls.ooo. Endowment, £BOO per annum. Scholarships, .per annum. A. a. READMAs T%15,2 SIMPSON, M.A., formerly Foundation Scholar and Prizeman. Trinity College, Cambridge. MISR HEADMISTRESS : • blewnham College, Mt B.A. Examination Cambridge. January 14Ta, 1986. a Next TERM begins TUESDAY, 8 per . um, Sin Fees £6 to b. ee the year 1884 about TwoThousato 7 Certificates have .7_!flgain9d by pupils in the South Kensington Science and '.rt Examinations many of these being in the Honours and nearly ,-,1 rive hundred in' the Advanced Stages. Very high ace s have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists el the .London University Examinations by several pupils direct `onl the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for Cambri pupils preparing for these examinations. 011 dge ImeAls I Twenty-six Certificsts. . r eptors o _eginie ...t. —rec., ..,..._2___......z._._RETARY : T. BREW'S, Esq.. f Dec. 1894. Fifty Certificates. Solicitor. St. Helens.

PPIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free. NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASEDIIN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND ONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS.-10s. pr month on Crane and Sens' easy one, two, or three yet:B' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

f_OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned from hire.—Far superior- to badly-constructed. low-priced new ones. Great sale —Grand d and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Wards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to any part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

p-- URCASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- estH house In the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos ty Broadwood, Collard, Brard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons. 217 to 225. Scotland-road, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by aide. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS,' Scotland-road, Liverpool.

music.-0 'O,OOO COartlllrSeeA, Tfrladm. E 8 RA CiliELists SONS, Great :de Warehouse'', bcotland-road, Liverpool. and

ILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from S 3s. lid., any size. A.LPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs. —PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

- Fait CURE OF RUPTURES. .1.1 l T. EGGINGTON'SQIO=rre,I t.ll,Cfnecr IUI Sp. f or.rCturvlie of Xuature ; registeved ; and Surgical Appliancd Works, I &9. Ctrosvenot-street , Lon. cl)n-road. Manchester. I ATE —lyauremedy. Our wonderful 11 ELECTRIC SET will awaken the most sleepy servant. Completa 6s. 6d. Inspection invited. Addresses' ELECTRIC DEPOT. Exchange Station, arm 24, Manchester-street, Liver- pool. Telephones, Dynamos,_Batteries, &c7_ COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS. WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. &c. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 631 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTWORISED RETAIL AGENTS FO tt SE WALTHAM WAICH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 10 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G-. A. Chanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, etc., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STRERT, LIVERPOOL.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffiel4 and Electro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &c. Letters attended to. -C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.-HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS 1_ per oz. IMMOVABLE from MADR UP, f 2s. I SC ALPETTES, f 218. SHALES BROWN, 3, LERCH- TRSET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL. MACINTOSHES MADE, ALTERED, REPAIRED, CLEANED AC., at low charges. Country parcels receive special attention.—The MACINTOSH REPAIRING COM- PANY. 8 PRESCOT-STREET. one door before the Roya Liver Liverpool.

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS OPERA GLASSES. SPECTACLES, BAROMETERS, &c., At 25 per cent. less than Lord-street prices. CHADBURN AND SON, OPTICIANS, 17, JAMES-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. SPECIALITIES. Gent's Hall-marked Silver ALBERTS, from 4s. 6h. Gent's and Ladies' Hall-marked GOLD RINGS from 3s. 'My famous Silver English LEVEE, £1 15s. T. B. CARDWELL. 105—DALE-STREET-105. LIVERPOOL.

ETMBHELLAS,—PracticaI Manufacturer : re-covered in Silk from 4s. 6d., in half•an-hour ; repairs on the shortest notice.—A large variety of second hand umbrellas from Is. 64, to 2s. 64. each, Established 30 years.—McCauLEY, 65 Thomas-street, Manchester.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL,. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ ft £3 Bs. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 15s, Od. ALEX. 'GORDON, Manager.

Jo Moss, FAMILY BUTCHER, 69, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEF, iMUTTON, VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All °dem promply attended to and delivered when require.

WILLIAII GILL, FAMILY BUTCHER AND CONTRACTOR. 9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ORDERS BY POST OR CARRIRR RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Deliveries in Town and Suburbs every Morning; LYMM, every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday; WINWICK, PENKETH, SA.IKKEY and BOLD, Tuesdays and Fridays; MOORE, DARESBURY, NORTON, &e., Wednesdays and Fridays. TELEPHONE 118.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED -NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROH is., is. 21, is. 4d., is. 6d., is. 81, AND 2. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

NOTICE. TO THE PEOPLE OF WARRINGTON. GAME AND POULTRY, FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISil SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) OPEN EVERY WEDNESDAY ,AND SATURDAY. ' With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS. from 9D. each. - CHICKENS, from is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 71). per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. NOTE THE ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON. END OF SEASON. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, is now offering his entire stock of LADIES' & CHILDREN'S -MILLINERY AT ONE-THIRD OF REGULAR PRICES. FELT HATS, 40. AND is. THIS SEASON'S PRICES. is. BtD. to 4s. 111). BLACK STRAW SAILORS'. 61D. Trimmed, Worth is. 3ID. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S FELT HATS, Beautifully Trimmed, VELVET RIBBON and WINGS, 28. 111). and 3s. Worth, 6s. 11D. and Bs. 111).

QKATES, SKATES, SKATES-. -- IMMENSE STOCK FOR CHOICE. FROM 25.6 n. TO 30s. EVERY VARIETY, AND ALL WARRANTED, Or Money Returned. REPAIRS And GRINDING done on the Premises. NOTE.—ONLY ADDRESS: 15, BASNETT-STREET LIVI&RPOOL, (Opposite G. H. Lee's). Telegraph: "Fishing, Liverpool." Telephone 5,611.

THE NEW WINTER OVERCOATINGS. Having completed my arrangements for the Winter Season, I am now pre- pared to Show a complete New Stock of WINTER OVERCOATINGS and SUITINGS at THREE GUINEAS. Co SUNDERLAND. 18, NORTH JOHN-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF fRAVELLING REQUISTES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, AND 8, PARKER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CHRISTMAS COMES BUT ONCE A YEAR, (HRISTMAS AND NW YEARS' CARDS. A N..) Great Variety and a beautiful selection, Christmas decorations and a large qnantity of Goods Suitable for Christ- mas presents to be had at T. CLARKEs 'Examiner" Office 33 Market-street, Earlestown, A Cordial reception will be given to old and New Customers.

•••-••• PASSAGE BOOKINGS. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. SPECIAL CHEAP RATES TO CAPE COLONY (South Africa) AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND, AMERICA and CANADA. PAMPHLETS and fullest information sent post free on application to WILLIAM WATSON AND CO. PASSENGER and SHIPPING EXCHANGE, 23. WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. W. II Mum, Telegrams, Manager. "Stateroom," Liverpool.

yvillTE STAR LINE ROYAL )0' TT • MAIL STEAMERS. 41 VI LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WIEDNESDIY. Cotton not carried on Passenaer Steamers. GERMANIC Wed., Jan. 8. *TEUTONIC Wed.. lan. 15. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to Ismer, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London, 8.C.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool. EMIGILATiON TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- N.) DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Mancheter MACDON A.LDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Qaality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by 'Worming them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,IIa.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2. Sets Ws. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSLVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS TEETH Beet to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids tolkalth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. • MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., ExtracbTeeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD. ' Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT ED FREE every FRI DAY,II a.m.to 6 m • • MA UDE!. LIMITED 129, PICULDILS...,lt6oposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

MACINTOSHES! MACINTOSHES ODOURLESS. PERFECT FIT GUAR 4.NTEED. FOR QUALITY, STYLE, AND FINISH UNSURPASSED. A. LOEWENBERG, Who has for the past three years been Manager of a Garment Department in this town, begs to announce to the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Warrington District that he has now commenced Business on his own account, and is prepared to show a full and choice range of Cloths, and to execute Orders for the newest and most Recherche Styles now Fashionable in Ladies' and Gentlemen's Waterproofs. A. LOEWENBERG'S, 62, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. NOW OPEN 23, BUTTERMARKET STREET, With a well-selected Stock of BOOKS, STATIONERY, AND FANCY GOODS, JOHN S. GREEN, PRINTER. BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER, 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PREVIOUS to rthtensidveciaAlletroations in February, OFFER ALL MY EXTENSIVE STOCK OF GENTLEMEN'S HOSIERY AND OUTFITTING. LADIES' MILLINERY, UNDERCLOTHING, CORSETS, UMBRELLAS, AND FANCY GOODS, AT VERY GREAT REDUCTIONS. Every Artiele will be reduced to clear the Stock as mush as possible as it is proposed to open out NEW DEPARTMENTS, Particulars of which will be advised in due course. As the Stook is liable to damage during alterations some , STARTLING BARGAINS WILL BE OFFERED. SALE TO COMMENCE ON SATURDAY, JANUARY 4TII, AND WILL CONTINUE ALL THE MONTS. T. H. POOLE 22 & 24 SANXEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

GIVE IN YOUR ORDERS TO COMMENCE WITH THE NEW YEAR FOR Newspapers, Daily; Periodicals, Weekly; Magaziaes, Monthly and Quarterly. Delivered at Subscribers' residences at discount prices AT 137, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. PERRIS'S. THREE MINUTES' WALK FROM BANK QUAY STATION. COUNTRY RESIDENTS WILL FIND IT A SAVING OF TIME AND MONEY TO SLIP INTO TOWN AND CALL AT PERRIS'S FOR THEIR REQUIREMENTS (WHERE THEY MAY ALSO HAVE PARCELS SENT BY OTHER TRADESMEN), RETURNING BY THE NEXT TRAIN OR 'BUS. 137, SANKEY-STREET.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WH ARF WARRINGTON. THU PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCH HALL COLLIERIES. NEAR WIGAN. AGENT :--ej WESTGARTH. All kind(' of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House arders promptly attended to. •Tel6pbone No. 98

J. FEARON, OYSTER MERCHANT, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON, Begs respectfully to remind his customers and the publl3 in general that he will have a special supply of the best quality of OY:3TERS for cHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR direct from his own r Grounds, Carlingfor

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS,' LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Deeeription of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

FOR GOOD VALUE IN CARDIGAN JACKETS, BOYS', YOUTHS' AND MEN'S, GO TO UNSWORTH BROTHERS, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. THE LARGEST SELECTION IN TOWN.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FEAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHIN G GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and el 'eapest ever nlere4 to tl.o Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister bd., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

LEGH HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, WARRINGTON. MR. BIRTLES Desires to inform his customers that PHOTOGRAPHS REQUIRED FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS Should be placed on order as early as possible, to ensure their being ready in time, at this dull season of the year. MR. BIRTLES begs to say that Experiments are being tried with a new ARTIFICIAL LIGHT, and if found practical the same will be put in use for Night Photography and on dull days. Further notice will be given.

VV . WOODS AND SON'S SALE OF NOVELTIES FOR NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OFF ALL GOODS, 4S. IN THE POUND. SPLENDID STOCK OF GOLD BROOCHES, BANGLES, RINGS. PINS, LINKS, STUDS, &c., &c. GOLD AND SILVER WATCIIES, BEST QUALITY AND LOWEST PRICES. THE 425. LANCASHIRE WTAICH FOR US. . . LARGE STOCK OF MOUNTED LEATHER PHOTO FRAMES, FITTED BAGS AND DRESSING CASES. 22 CARAT GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS. SOLID SILVER PLAIE. BEST ELECTRO PLATE. CLOCKS, BRONZES, OPERA GLASSES, &c., CIGAR, CIGARETTE AND CARD CASES. MATCH BOXES IN SOLID SILVER. SPECIAL DISCOUNT, 4s. IN THE -C. NICKEL KEYLESS WATCH, WARRANTED, SALE PRICE, Ss. 6D. W. WOODS AND SON. WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. CORNER OF SANKEY-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET. WARRINGTON.

GORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANIJILE MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., DFAIVFIRED IN BAGS. CARRIAGE PAID, IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT £3 PER TON. Special price over 100 miles. SUPPLY strictly limited. ORDERS should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester; Or to J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester; BOLD ALDRED, Stamford Road, Altrincham.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27.7 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER._ JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P:RIVAT;E DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Buhl patient fionrfwormiecd beforehand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate Charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors. °Utile late J. H. PARKINSON (muffin BY Baum.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-at RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIRGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

A GOOD DRESS FOR SS. BETTER VALUE THAN EVER. SEE WINDOWS. J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18 & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE OF ENTIRE STOCK IN, ALL DEPARTMENTS. COMMENCING, MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY 6TH, 189 G, AND CONTINUED UNTIL THE END OF THE MONTH. A GOOD DRESS FOR 5.3. BETTER VALUE THAN EVER, SEE WINDOWS.

LADIES' AND/ GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. BEADY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

THOMAS J. RIGBY, JOIhER AND BUILDER, ROSE AND CROWN-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RESIDENCE :-10, MERSEY MOUNT.

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SMALLWARR. HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Machines a Specialty..

dflOW Tlllb TO SODS WOMAN. I will send a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting book which every woman would be glad to have Contains important and confidential advice and tells both married and single how to keep healthy and avoid tbe anxieties so distressing to the sex. Sent free, secure)? sealed, for one stamp to cover postage. ADDIO7BI : Professor E. LASALLE, Cirb rton Hone° ar burton Street, London, W

fOt "As A SATE, PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE " Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema. Bad Legs, Skirt and Blood Diseas„7 Pimples and Sores of all kind.. we can .with cont Hen—i. recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, " it certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medit skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testimonia'; Sold every where. at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthie9" mitations and substitutes.--.9drt. (3)

IHARROP'S BA SSINETTES. HAB BOP'S BASSIN ETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 122, BRIDGE STREO% 1221 BRIDGE STREET. 122% BRIDGE STREgt END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is a Bona-fide CLEARANCE SALE of al:out 50 Firs Class Bassinetts, now offered under cost price to clear. COME EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH. EXTENSION OF PREMISES. Have secured 19 and 21, Hilton-st.. which will adjoin and communicate with 44, Oldham-st. MARVELLOUS OPPORTUNITY. • MAGNIFICENT BARGAINS. THE SALE AT EtERSii 0 N'S ‘.A UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM- STREET (next to the Adelphi Bank), MANCHESTER. -- SUPERIOR SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, by all the noted and very best makers, removed from halls, man- sions. hotels, offices, private houses of every description, and Which undergo a thorough examination and ate placed in condition equal to new. I may here remark that the stock I offer is considerably larger than at any other house in the city, and is not being placed in the market because it is soiled or damaged in any manner; but am pleased to ttate that in consequence of the great increase in my trade, and the large number of orders I have to deliver every week, I find it ab- solutely necessary and therefore decided to make extensive alterations which willincur an outlay of some hundreds of pounds. And have arranged with the contractors to clear the showrooms previous to the workmen commencing opera- tions, and in order to do so I have decided to give my cus- tomers the benefit of the enormous reductions rather than store the sto,:k, which embraces furniture of every descrip- tion; in fact, such an assortment of bedroom suites, dining- room suites. drawing-room suites, office furniture, bookcases. desks, sideooards. dinner waggons, cabinets, overmantels, davenports, card, work and fancy tables, carpets, rugs, bed- steads, bedding, fender, pianos, and every article for com- pletely furnishing the mansion or cottage. Can nowhere 1.. e seen except at GERSHON'S Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-st, In fact, when the alterations are completed. which will Consist of NEW OFFICES, NEW COUNTING HOUSE, NEW DINING SALOON for the employes, IiEW REFRESHMENT-ROOM for convenience of customers NW CARPET SALOON, NEW SHOWRO3MS ; And other internal Alterations, all local and outside shops will sink to insignificance. THE following will convey but a faint idea of the Mar- vellous Bargains on v.ew, any of which may be stored free of charge till required. TERMS oF BUSINESS DURING THE SALE, GOODS EXCHANGED IF NOT SATISFACTORY. EXPERIENCED MEN SENT TO FIX AND FIT UP. GOODS PACKED AND DELIVERED FREE. CARPETS MADE FREE. LOCK-UP STORE ROOMS FOR CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS. And, lastly, if you purehase on my Deferred Payment System I Charge a Simple Five per Cent Extta. Bvery customer attended to by a member of the firm, which Prevents the annoyance of a salesman who charges high prices . order to make a big commission. Bankers—Manchester Joint-Stock Bank. Telegrams—" Universal," Manchester. DURING the Sale, Magnificent Solid Oak DINING- ROOM SUITE, comprising a grand couch, two noble easy chairs, and six superior spoon-back chairs, all in splendid Condition, not soiled; originally cost £55, sale price 9gs. grand Sideboard to match, 7gs., worth £4O; Dining Table to match. 635. In addition to above, we have a truly magnificent Col- lection of Dining-room Suites, over 200, with Sideboards, Dining Tables, and Overmantels to match. An inspection will prove the fact that nowhere can such an assortment be seen except at GERSHON'S, the Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street, next to the Adelphi Bank, Man- chester. Note.—The above may be had on my deferred payment sVste.n for a simole five per cent extra added to invoice. SPECIAL ATTENTION to Lot 166, which is in Pollard Oak and without a doubt the best and handsomest lot in Mambester. The Sideboard, which is 7ft. long and very lofty, can only be described as simply magnificent and the Most unique in design we have ever seen. The Suite of 12 small chairs (may be had with a less number), two large Lounge Chairs, and large Cbuch, are all stuffed with hair and covered in morocco leather, guaranteed. The Dining-table, on Carved supports, is very handsome, having a number of loose leaves. We offer the lot for 145 gs. ; cost over £4OO. We May state that sgs. each will be allowed for any of the small Chairs not required. We wish to iraptess upon the public that every lot advertised is on our premises and hundreds of Others. Remember address, GERSHON'S Old-established Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Note. —lf on the deferred payment system only five per Cent, extra added to invoice. LOT 2371. in Oriental Saddle Bags, carved walnut frames. consisting of half-dozen small chairs, two easy chairs, andcouch ; once £2.5, reduced for the sale to £9 155., Side- board to match, with bevelled-glass back, a pertect beauty; sale price, £6 155.. usual price 12gs. Dining Table, 38s. 6d. Three other Suites in Saddle Bags, real Persian, everlasting ware, splendid patterns, among which is a water lily, most Charming and pleasing; the wood work in these suites is American walnut, brown oak, and mahogany, and the prices are 18, 25, and 36gs. ; they each cost £lO. £l5, and £2sa suite more. Sideboards. Tables, and Overmantels to match, all on view in our showrooms. Hundreds of other Suites on view. Call and inspect for yourselves; you will not be un- duly pressed to buy. We have no salesmen or walking gen- tlemen who work for a commission. Every customer is attended to by a member of the firm at GERSHON'S Univer- sal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to Adelphi Bank). Manchester. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only five per tent. extra added to invoice. LOT 971 s a Charming DINING-ROOM SUITE, in embossed . leather, very handsome and stylish, frame work beauti- :Ally carved- the six standard chairs have padded backs, the 'eo easy chairs are large and comfortable, and the couch is lltiost luxuriously upholstered. This suite is in solid American Walnutwood and is suitable for high-class dining-room. Usual Price, 25(0. ; sale price. 15g.. , Another Suite, in Solid Mahogany, In good hard grain leather. Cromwellian style; sound in every respect; not soiled. Recently been recovered. A marvel of cheapness; Only age. Another in Walnut, covered in leather, reduced to sgs. Sideboard, to match. 425. ; table, 21s. These bargains are on offer during the sale and before alterations are commenced. Inspection -invited. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. MUST CLEAR PREVIOUS TO ALTERATIONS. LOT 51 is a BEDROOM SUITE. Those wishing to furnish a bedroom in high-class style and good taste should Inspect it, for style, workmanship, and design it cannot be equalled, the massive large size wardrobe with two bevelled glass doors of rare brilliancy reaching from plinth to cornice; the full-size pedestal dressing table, double washstand to Match, pedestal bedside cupboard, towel airer, and three Chairs, the whole are in rosewood, richly inlaid with tulip, box, olive, and other rare woods. The cost of this noble Suite Was £lOO. bale price 55g5. Another Suite in walnut cost "3,, or 60lta • and another in Spanish mahogany cost £55 for 2751. Pecial attention is requested to Lots 6,7, 8 and 9, whichare S uites inwalnut, silver birch, mahogany, and ash, each Suite heal% largewarc robe, with bevelled glass door: dressing table with large la.yelled glass attached, supported by p It also form'a-aarved brackets restingon raised jewel drawers; chest of drawers, being enclosed by four drawers; the large wash stand is also enclosed, and has a marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving glass above, towel rail. Pedestal bedside cupboard and three chairs. These suite are guaranteed solid, no, veneer being used. Sale price, 154 gs. Other suites smaller from £4 15s. Inspection Invited. Any of the above may be stored free of charge till required. GIIRSHON'S NOTED UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-STREET (Next to Adelphi Bank), MANCHESTER. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only 5 per cent. extra added to invoice. MUST CLEAR for the Contractors. Such a chance seldom occurs. STUP ENDOUS BARGAINs We now enter the Miscellaneous Department. Here we ean inspect a splendid assortment of second-hand hair-seated fUrniture. A tirstclass solid mahogany sofa 505,, cost per- haps. £6 ; another less in size 38s. Spanish Mahogany couch, 4„.a hair seating, 475.; ditto 635., cost £6. Very fine solid olianish mahogany sofa, very heavy and massive, bean re- 11P, hoisterei, cost when new £B. for four guineas. Others in amiterican leather from 16s. Now we see over 50 pairs of %IV chairs in stock. Several gents' easy chairs at 155. each. kahogany easy chair, in hair. for 285.. cost 60s. Superior Pilr of Cromwell easy chairs, large and massive, cost £B, for 'otir guineas the pair. Nothing better can be made. Lady's kicking chair, in hair, 28s. A very large quantity of hai:- seated chairs from 51. each to 245. each. An enormous stock Of kitchen furniture is here displayed at marvellously low Prices. For an instance, strong kitchen chairs 2s. each,kitchen tables from 6.. 6d. each; grand Spanish mahogany, dresser, With high carved back, cost £l4, for 6 guineas ; another, cost £ll. for 6 guineas; painted dresser, with thick top, 285.; another, very handsome high back, 60s. ; and others at all Prices at GERSHON'S IatIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-Sf MANCHESTER. (Next to the Adelphi Bank.) T H GREATEST SALE ON EARTH DON'T MISS IT. Marvellous Complete House of Furniture for 24 guineas, Five per Cent. Extra on my Deferred Payment System. CALL AND SEE IT. All Competitors stagger. Read it. See it. NUMBER 1, is the marvellous complete House of Furniture, which includes dlning-room, bedroom, kitchen, all bedding, blankets, sheets, pillow-cases, carpets, Soorclothe, fenders, tea and breakfast set. curtains, and everything to makea nice home. Every article is guaranteed Others advertised a so-called hawse Of furniture for a trifle less, I contend this lot Is honestly worth £lO snore than those advertised by others. My price for the complete house is 24 guineas, or five per cent extra for credit—which mean. 25.. more, You need not be afraid to call and inspect them. If they are not what you want, don't purchase._

WINTER CLOTHING. SEE THE WINDOWS OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT THE TALK OF THE TOWN. THE M•C•D• OVERCOATS FOR ALL AGES. THE M .C* D. OVERCOATS S. & D. B. CHESTERFIELD FROM 105. 6D. THE M • U•D• OVERCOATS D. B. MUNSTER, WOOL LINED, EXTRA LONG FROM 20S• THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS THE SCOTCH CLOAK. WOOL LINED.I AND DE P CAPES FROM ios THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS IN SCOTCH, ALL WOOL TWEEDS, SERGES, MELTuNS, BEAVERS, FUZE, NAPS, AND HARRIS TWEEDS. THE 171.1.C•D• OVERCOATS IN ALL THE NEW SHADES OF COLOURS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR GENTLEMEN. THE M .C•D• OVERCOATS FuR YOUTHS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR BOYS. IN A VARIETY OF FANCY SHAPES AND TRIMMINGS, THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS READY MADE. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS TO MEASURE, BEST CUTTERS EMPLOYED. THE M.C.D. FOR 0001) WINTER SUITS FROM I6S. 6D. THE M.C.D. FOR WINTER CLOTHING IN YOUTHS AND BOYS. THE M.C.D. MAKE ALL THE GARMENTS THEY SELL, NO MIDDLE PROFITS, ALL DIRECT FROM THE MAKER TO THE WEARER AT FIRST cosa THE M•l) f_! SUITS TO MEASURE. 28s. 6D, 335. 6D, 395. 455. TROUSERS, SS. 6D. 10S. 6D, 12s, 13s. 6D. THE M.C.D. ___ BLACK SUITS TO MEASURE. 28S. 6D. 335. 6D, 395. 6D, 475. 6D. TROUSERS, BS. 6D, 10S. CD, 12s. 6D, 14s. 6D. THE M.C.D. HAVE EVERY KIND OF CLOTHING READY FOR IMMEDIATE WEAR OR MADE TO MEASURE ON SHORT NOTICE. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTBR ALBS. WHBATLBY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM near WATKIN-STREET. WARRINGTON.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNEIS CHLORODYNR. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CHLORUDYNB effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in,cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- Ida. Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Menin- gitis. &c. From Dr. B. J. Bouitiron and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our Practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all others Sedative.; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEIVARE OF PIRACY AND IMI- TATIONS. CAUTlon.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was. undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNR " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, Was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say. had beau sworn to.—See; Times. 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is, 10., 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S accompanies each bottle. CHLORODYNR" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ingsOMlEedimeaAl DAVENPORT, 33. Great Russell.st.. Bloomsbury, London. MCZRYERS . —J. T. DAV

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS EADE'S I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. Wolverhampton-road, FLU. 107, Jubilee-terrace, EADWS plus. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear Sir,—l write to thank you EA.'S plus. for the very greaten:mint of benefit I have received frem using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. Idm glad to think I am able to write, as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do so, stud am quite certain I SHOULD NOW Bli ILL IN BED. GOUT I am extremely thankful, as I can still keep at my work. I shall use RHEUMATISM every endeavour to mak 3 your Pills more widely known. You GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours faithfully, E. GUEST. RIJN UMATI M "Mr. G. Bade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Goswell-road, London, 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. lid. and 26.9 d.

, .. . . . , •, , - • :k.:" . • 4 •:, • ."- • '''' ' ;'',.., -,... . .1- . ~,,," , ~,Pd.,....1, ~:to. k ...•.• , • ,k,„, ti• ..tti - :ilti. 2';:, •t: ,' as, I, it, .1.., ;I: t. 4. •it ... ---.:1,...;,-1 t. .0 AA ' 04 M. • ' '''.. .e.,:, e' *4,' 11 "2 •` 14 • :Lt. .t•.,lr• 'l,O A 44* • kt - - x:,.... M Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Sprains, Soreness, Stiffness, Pains in the Chest, Pains in the Limbs, Pains in the Back, and all Aches and Pains. Price 1/1.-.1 and 26. e ..t. , . . 4.41.- ...• 11,4, ‘, :. itz .;.3 -. .. - • 44(1- .44'.:% 4's .:. ' ~!--: ' ' >," - ‘4,,,, "0 :zap: A :iv' Ask , .. * b.‘ 4". ' 4.-ii,, i if' i,:eit / :k 4 • ; •',..1., - • titi. .44-,-..:' ''' • ~, -, <i:i , ~,,, 4 ... ~.. v.i - - '4 ' ' .', ~ .. '5.!!

Atattlantous.

E. A. D AVIES, JEWELLER AND WATCHMAKER, Close to Henglees Cirque, GREATEST POSSIBLE VALUE IN NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. Comprising : HIGH-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND LADIES' AND GENTS' GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND GEM ENGAGEMENT RINGS, LARGE SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTS' SOLID GOLD ALBERTS, GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, BANGLES, STUDS, LINKS, ELECTRO AND SILVER PLATE. CHOICE GOODS. EXCEEDINGLY MARVELLOUS OFFERS. COMPARE THE VALUE WITH OTHER HOUSES.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKE JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES 010 INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR ONLY. SPECIAL WINDOW SHOW. WE mo,t cordially and respectfully solicit an inspection during the next two or three weeks of the contents of our windows what have been specially purchased for the festive Season. There will,be found a new and magnificent selection of Glass and China ORNAMENTS, English and Foreign Cases of BIRDS and FLOWERS. Chromo Oil and other PICTURES, BRONZES, MARBLE and other CLOCKS, CABPET3. HEARTHRUGS, and FURNITURE, also many ocii.r Articles too numerous ta mention. and which are ar- ranged tastefully, artistically and with most beautiful effect. The prices marked for cheapness will astound the most credulous,all having been rr arked to effect a speedy clearance. Any Lady or Gentleman taking the trouble to come and view will be amply repaid by the pleasing sight. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. NO EXTRA CHARGE.

THOS. RUSSELL'S CHURCH-STREET. 36-GUINEA PRESENTATION GENT'S 18-CARAT GOLD HUNTING CHRONOGRAPH KEYLESS LEVER, with Maker's Re- ceipt. R,lB 18 S. Special Bargain for Gent's, Pure English threequarter plate, Liverpool make, VI the above celebrated makers, mounted in massive 18-carat (damp proof), plain polished hunting cases. This grand watch is constructed upon the highest points of mechanical accuracy and is guaranteed by makers and ourselves for 25 years to 5 seconds per month, Note.—The following is a copy of a reply received in an- swer to inquiries respectin.g the above watch :- 32, Church-street, Liverpool, Nov. 29, 1896. Dear Sir,—ln reply to your inquiry the watch was sold in the ordinary way of business. It is a modern watch. built with the utmost care, and all improvements up to date, in- cluding extra jewelliug in hard stones, thus calculating to last a lifetinae,—Yours truly, THOMAS RUSSELL & Sex.

SPECIAL NOTICE.—LAST WEEK OF CHRISTMAS BEDDING CLUB. MAGNIFICENT Pair of Bronze Marin HORSES. In grand condition, very massive, only out Payments taken. this week, not to be equalled at the price. Call and inspect for your- . S. selves. For

7-GUINEA GENT.'S LONG-LINK SOLID GOLD ALBERT. R 3 16s. Loar.Gyenstolid(elignuealgtooldne= massive, stamped e r y link, three small links between two long links. A most extraor- dinary offer; cannot be repeated. Call and inspect. Payments accepted. See windows. E. A. Davies, 30, Lowhill, 20-GUINEA 18-CT. GENT'S ENGLISH LEVER CENTRE- SECONDS STOP WATCH, BY JAMES HIGNETT, LIVERPOOL. R 5 1 (Cost 20 Guineas).—Magnificent and 95. 6D. extra-fine pure English CHRONO- GRAPH. by above noted maker, in perfect condition; guaranteed gun timekeeper 20 years. Such a fine, cheap watah can not be seen elsewhere for £5 19s 6d. Inspectioa.

TUST out, splendid 5-string P ..1 BANJO, very poserful tone, Payments taken. electro-plated rine, with 36 plated brackets, best style, extra well finished, only S. D.

V ERY Handsome Marble CLOCK, V new design, strikes hoursand hours on cathedral gong, correct Payments taken. timekeeper, linglish lever move- ment, opal dial, well worth 5 guineas, 525. 6D. Our price for Christmas only

(1 OLD ALBERTS, GOLD ALBERTS, GENT'S SLIGHTLY VT SECOND HAND SPECIAL OFFERS. OUR CHAINS ARE OF UNDOUBTED QUALITY. A WRITTEN GUAR- ANTEE WITH EVERY CHAIN, GENT'S £4 103 GOLD ALBERT. L 2 9 () • —For Gent's GenuineSecondhatui (equal S. D. to new) solid fine gold (all through) Graduated Curb ALBERT, extta long, in perfect condition. Genuine Government stamp upon every link ; very special bargain. Also another Curb, in splendid condition, stamped every link, tor £2 16s 6d. Also a heavy, massive, stout link Curb Albert, secondhand, cost £7 103 recently, for £3 9s 6d to clear. Guarantee given with every chain. The cheapest lots ever offered. Any chain sent on approval free of charge. RELIABLE QUALITY IN CHAINS.

WAND Pair of Birch enclosed DRESSING TABLES, un- Payments scratched, sold elsewhere for 475. 6d. Our price for pair only 30s.

-VERY Handsome Solid Gold V BROOCH, quite new, newest shape, very pretty design, only Payments taken. 9s. 6d. Also very pretty Diamond Brooch, unique pattern,:Government Hall marked, genuine bargain for S. D.

QRI3 our new Stock of RUGS from 0 3s. 3d.. OILCLOTHS from is. 2d.. LINOLRUMS from Is. 11d. Entirely new patterns for Christ- Payments taken. mas. Largest and best stock in town for the money. Inspection invited.

RUSSELL'S 12-GUINEA LADY'S. ,18-CARAT KEYLESS LEVER. R 4 19s. 6D, FEonrglisr fii ant efdm eC hLroandoym'se„l,B-calcaravt_ less LEVER, threequarter-plate, class A movement, jewelled in 19 actions of real rubies, full chronometer balance, with latest improvements and adjustments ; compensated to all changes of temperature Latent brequet spiral timing spring, with patent safety keyless action, and unbreakable main spring, double sunk white dial, set in stout 16-c trat hall- marked inside and outside cases, which are damp and dust proof •, thoroughly tested and timed to one minute per month. New twelve months ago. The strsngth with neat- ness displayed in this tine watch, together with exact time- keeping, presents a sample of our unequalled value in watches. Written guarantee for 23 years. Exchanges made. DAVIES'S MARVELLOUS VALUE IN LADY'S WATCHES.

The following articles were forfeited this week. Silver. Centre Seconds Chronograph bton WATCH 36. Lady's Diamond and Ruby Dress RING leis. 6d. Handsome Gold PENDANT 12s 6d. Lady's Silver WATCH, engraved cases 595. 6d. Handsome Solid 9-carat Gold BROOCH ss. lid.

MASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates _V &C.-CHAALES R. HALL, 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool. pOTATOES, good, 2s, 6d. cwt.; ditto extra selected 35., on rail ; cash with order.—WARELIN, Lofts Farm, Near Maldon, Essex. x ON SALE, MA.NURE WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HosKING, 16, Fenwick-street. Liverpool.

0 GPINEAS. —JO K EGLIES. 19, NORTON-ST, • LIVERPOOL, NEW auN TIMEKEEPING WATCH. WILL NOT VARY MORE THAN TEN SECONDS PER MONTH. t 3 1 C,4 —(Latest Production),—For this grand 9S. [JD. and imst beautifully finished full plate pure English Chronometer-capped LEVER, compen- sated and adjusted to all changes of temperature, extra jewelled, mounted in 3-ounce solid Silver plain polished Hunting Cases with Gold joints. This grand " Gm/ Time- keeping Watch" possesses all those delicate points, essential for pertect timekeeping. which raises its quality to a marked degree of distinction to those offered elsewhere at the same price. Thoroughly recommended for life time's wear. Call and inspect. 30, Low-hill.

VOR SALE, 5 HOUSES,Frances-terrace, Lcvely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LONGLAND, So!icitor, Union-st., Warrington. rrALKING PARROTS.—TWO beautiful ones; gentleman _1 declining health; particulars to good homes ; cheap ; cage or not.—T. S. W. H.,65, HoLDEN-ST., Liverpool. x

VLECTRIC ALARM CLOCKS, with Bell, Battery, Switch, Wire, 158. ; Electric Bell Sets, complete, as. 6d. CAtalogues 2d —GORTON Bitoox, Electric Works, Manchester.

WG WORTH KNOWIN are the Curative Powers of Hops, with recipes for Iltalthy Drinks, non-excisabie Beer, Yeast, &c., 1 stamp.—LONGBRIDGE House. Northfield, Worcestershire.

ENGAGEMENT RINGS. DRESS RINGS. CHOICE GEMS OF NATURE. CAREFULLY SELECTED BARGAINS. OFFERED AT 50 PER CENT. CHEAPER THAN ANY OTHER JEWELLER. GREATEST VALUE POSSIBLE TO BE OBTAINED. 210 12s. b‘ie'aourttlitful3os-Gettorriineeast;wiriaonr reDalilay. mond HALF-HOOP, effusing prismatic colours, presenting one blaze of fire and brilliance, in carved 18-carat massive gold setting. 25 7s. —Worth elB HGAuLi kr! e. as-oDpi a nerOonn dt ai na nd four pure white perfect brilliant diamonds and three large size sapphires, blending with such harmony as to gratify the tastes of the most refined, mounted securely in 18-carat hall marked claw setting, 24 12s. 6 fie e —WorthTlt 1 5 -stone tlitiee a brilliant.— urthi spitanrazonnid- HALF-1100Y, of restless lustre, continuing effect of brilliancy night and day, carved 18-carat solid massive strong setting. Cannot be beaten anywhere. ki3 • 15 —Valuedat 10 Guineas.—For handsome 5- S. stone brilliant Diamonds, set in 18-carat scrolled claw setting, undoubtedly a ring of modern taste of dazzling lustre. 22 12s. 6 D.—VHaAI uLekd.Haot 02) , brGuineas.ian t av me - sotnednse every stone perfect in cut and finish, producing grand lustre and brilliancy, securely set in solid 18-carat hall-marked claw setting ; a wondert ul ring for the money. 22 —Worth mthsATQinuei. RING, Guineas.—Magnificent onefice blaze n t l - o 13-s tone r e nfie D ia- bs. m aird lustre, mounted in 18-carat solid thick goad. This ring is exquisite, end should be seen. —Cost 5 Guineas.—Three-stone brilli nt 21 1P..1 S. Diamond 18-carat ENGAGEMENT RING, extra larsze size stone of continuous effect and beauty, in gipsy setting. 91 —Worth £3.—Our special brilliant Diamond and S. 4.1 Sapphire ENGAGEMENT RING, mounted in mas- sive 18-carat solid hall-marked gold. This ring is very neat in make and finish, and worth three times the money we ask ;is being found to suit the majority of tastes. Call and see it. 16s. 6D.— —Worth L:odtivn'steDd Diamond org carat Rsoulbi3t; gold hall-marked setting, strong, well-made, net and reli- able ring. Any of the above Rings will be forwarded on approval, and money returned willingly if not as represented. ,

A BARGAIN if so:d at once. Changin business. The LA. whole of the Cooking UTENSILS and splendid fixtures of a Chip Potato Business, to be seen working.—Apply 53. ALLEN-STREET, WarTillgto/1.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS. Extra Qualities, Thread 3s. 6d• 121 Silk 65.. each post tree, direct from the Maker, W. H. MannocK, Ahred-street South ; Nottingham. Every Article guaranteed. Cheaper Qualities to order,

UARTHENWARE and CHlNA..—Seconds, £2 crates; V. 4 hest, £3 ;or wilt send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton, Staffordshire.

USTABLISHIOD 1875--Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- _Ll ware and China. 50s. and upwards. Prices on appli- cnatoi.—W. COOPER and Co., Ayshforl-street Works, off Clayton-at, Longton. Staffordshire.

1 IGHT UP THE HOME, with our Celebrated Electric _IJ Lights, complising Lamp, Powerful Batteries, wire, ect., complete from 2s. 9d. List, stamp. Hundreds sold weekly.—S. MclsNEs, Chorlton-road, Manchester.

OEII LOWE, toire and Thik-proot bAleli MAKER, has CN tP SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —33, Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester.

HOME SEWING.—PIain, simple work, per parcels post. £1 weekly easily earned. Per ons required every- where. Patterns and instruction book 6 stamps. Many advertisements mislead ; this is genuine.—WiLmr, Savile- town, Dewsbury.

-• -VIRE ! FIRRII PIER! !I—Genuine sale of extenslye stock of PIANOS. ORGANS, ac., preyions to re-build- ing of premises, owing to the recent fire. Raciest terms arrAnged to effect a, clearance.—T. PAYNE, 103, Approach- road; Cambridge Heath.

I,IOR ALL Impurities of the Blood, Eruptions of the Skim, 12. Pimples on the Face take " FLIITCHER'S BLOOD PURFYLNG MEDICINE."_ Chemists everywhere in bottles is. 10. and 2s. 6d. Copy bf unsolicited Testimonials with trial bottle for 14 stamps.--4LaTcaaa, chemist, Eckington, Rotherham.

Ei3(—(Cost 9 Guineas) —For Gent's Single-stone _L e:IS. pure First Water Brazilian DIAMOND, guaranteed to be pure white, without a speck is flaw, be-auti- tut and perfect in cut mid finish, effusing those sustaining charms only obtainable in the choicest gems of catur• ; mounted securely ia solid 18-ct. claw setting. Seekers of such rings should call in and compare.

• pum] INDIAN TRA AT FIRST COST. Tabe given away a Free bample of Pare Indian Tea, te every applicant. Imported by Advertiser direct from the growers. Delicious flavour; 31bs, ss. 3.. ; Gibs, 103.; 101bs, 165.; 201bs. 30s. All carriage paid.—H. BUTLER. Connaught road. Reading.

£3 LADY'S SOLID GOLD ALBERT. 295. 6 'D. PorubledVANTPrwetity with .itilytienneggroalideilhseinT and ball drop. Government stamped, and warranted most reliable quality, and a very handsome present. Writtea guarantee given. Sent on approved registered post. CHOICIkEOLID.GOLD BROOCHES, from 43, 6d. to a

VLSI'! FISH! FISH! On receipt of 10s. we will for- a.' w,ard 10 stone of Cod, Ling, Harldo.lk. and Plaice; splendid' .quality;well-iced • or on receipt of P.O. 29. 6d. will forward a bass of finest selected Fish, c trriage paid to any ;Art •of-Great Britain. Notvray Herrings 103. per box,— GREAT BRITAIN YISSI AND OYSTER SUPPLY COMPA.N Y. Grimsby Docks.

- - - - iw an4-BA,RTHBNWARIL—Buyers are. strongly ad- visedito send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets,; China and Barthenvra.re of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything sent as sample. Buy direct from th. 3 Pot- teriefl.--S.WEBB and Co.,Longton.Staffardshire Potteries. x

MARVELLOUS VALUE. £2 Ws. LADY's SOLID SILVER WATCH. Ia —For lady's Solid sterling Silver WATCH, examined L'S. by J. Robinson, Shrewsbury ; full jewelled anti gold joints, and special chance tor a lady. Guaranteed lb years. Payments accepted. DIAMDED BROOUHES. MARVELLOUS ,V7-11-XT.•

- A BOOK FOE, LADIES. The information contained in this book ought to be known. by every married woman, and it will not harm the un- married to reto. No book is writtsn which goes se thoroughly into matters relating t , married women. Seine may think i,043 much is to!d ; such can scarcely be the case. for knowledge is power, and the means of attaining 'happrness. The book can be had, in envelo; e. from DR. ALLINSON, ,30, Hygeia, Spanish-place, Manchester- square, London, W, in return for a Postal Orier for 18.2 d. x

£2 10s SIX BOTTLE Al QUALITY DINNER CRUET. 6 —ifor handsome six-bottle full-size DINNER 18s. 6D. CRUET, of pare real solid Nickel Silver, Al quality, fitted with six cut-glass bottles of pretty de.ign. Warranted a life-time's wear. Perfezt condition. Suitable present.

, " SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEOS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure 'Bad Legs, Bad Breasts. Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore Byes, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear arid healthy. Get a pot and test its groat and manifold virtues. Many cases have been curet when the doctors have failtd. Sent post free for 12 stamps. from HOLDHOYD'S DRUG- STORES, Cleck- heaton. Yorks:

'W ATCH VALUE.—GENT'S £4 10s. CRYSTAL GL ASS SOLID SILVER, OPEN FACii. ENGLISH- FINISHED LEVER, GUARANTEED 20 YEARS, BEST VALUE POSSIBLE TO SECURE. 21 43. 6D. Ffiourist this strong tiriroonifemanedtercratrariticiEenwg„liiisedn-; in 15 actions. chronometer balance, winds to the wearer mounted in extra strong, massive, plain polished English hall-marked and Government stamped sterling silver cases, damp and dust proof; with gold hands and dead flat glass; Just cleaue4 and timed. May be seen now in our windows, keeping time to one minute per month ; most vivid action, reliabiW pezfortnance. Warranbed twenty years. Exchanges. Payments acct-pted. DAVIES'S OFFER THE BEST VALUE IN WATCHES.

ROSES.—One cozen Dwart Hybrid Perpetuate, comoris- ing A. K. Wiiliftms. Alfred Colomb, Baroness Roths- child, Beauty of Waltham. Charles Lentyre, Fisher Holmes, Gloire do Margottin, Grneral Jscqueminot, Magna Charts, Alerveille de Lyon, dire. John Laing, Reynolds Hole. All -descriptions of II ose Trees, Plants, Blubs, Seeds, quoted for on application to W. J aHREF.ILL, 25, Brooklands-rottd, Burnley, Lancashire.

£4 lOs CURB AND PADLOCK BRACELET. EXCEPTIONAL OFFER. DECIDED OFFER. 36 —For Lady's Full-size Solid Fine (*old Uovernment S. stamped CURE and PADLOCK BRACELET, with patent solid gold safety chain measuring seven inches long and nearly half-an-inch wide, highly finished, in perfect condition, like new. Warranted a great bargain. bent on approval per registered post on receipe of P.O. or aatislactory references. SPECIAL VALUE IN CURB BRACELETS.

• TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. T_T MQIiHLL,I7 and 18 Great St.Andrew-st.,l3lootns b ury, W.C. Cheapest House in London for English anti Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Mouldings, 'Veneered and Fancy Wobd Mouldings, Sec. Wholesale Carver and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Itegilding. Special attention to country orders. .Full particulars in New Pattern Book Plat pu.- Balled, 107 pages containing all the newest designs, for six peany stamps, Glass Lists Fre. rionthly. Telegrams • ReStfTtav, London."

THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1890.

liftiordiarteous. 1...7 UFFERRS from Indigestion, Nervous Weakness, Send stamped envelope to Mr. JARDINE, Stoneyrock, Leeds, for one week's free treatment of Zephodena.

()N SALE, 400 WATER CASKS, 200 to 250 gallons each.— JOHN HOWORTH, cask dealer, 20, Lewis-st., Nelsoa-st., Rochdale-road, Manchester.

A MOUSTACHE. Youthful, vigorous, natural, and Ia speediest growth possible, is. MELROSE, 19, May- ton-st., London, N.

-VIOLIN STRINGS, the finest manufactured from 85. 6d. V per buudle of 30. sent all over the world, list free.—E. RACE, Regent-at., Douglas, Isle of Wan.

ENGRAVING on Gold, ;Jiver, Ivory, &c., name or initials 6d.. with address le. Brass plates for all purposev.— COWEN, 50, Bir Thomas-st., Whitechapel, Liverpool.

PHOTOGRAPHY.—To Prevent P.O.P. Prints Sticking to Glass or Ferrotype use Biz E Paste; excellent results ; 6d. Bottle, post 74c1.-11tomPsosT and HEIGHLEY, 157, North Hill-street, Liverpool.:

A STROLOGY.—Your horoscope forecast. Send name in £1 full, date of birth, and 2s.—Address Plui. RENWICK, Wolseley Bridge, Stafford. Mention this paper.

MONTHLY. GIVEN FREE. Dress Lengths, &c. Spe- cialite Starch Gloss; makes linen like china. 3d.— LABORATORY, Fairfield. Manchester.

I)HEITMATIC EMBROCATION. Recipe for same sent _Li, post free. 6 stAmpa.-1:r. LONG, care of Mr. 11HAL, Salisbury-road, Cardiff.

ROLLERS for Wringing Machines, ready turned and bored, any size up to 241 n. by 61n.. 38. 6d. each, 65. a pair.— PETER McKmNA and Co., Marsh-lane, Bootie.

A CLARKE'S infallible COUGH REMEDY, one tL bottle will cure the most obstinate cough, why suffer. cost of making up is. Recipe ls. 6d.—WILLI2G, care of Dow) and Sox, Stationers, Richmond, Surrey.

HALL MARKED SILVER MOUNTED PIPE given to every purchaser of flb. Gilbert's SMOKING MIXTURE (first order only), excellent flavour. Ev..ryone Nineteen stamps.—B. HUNTLRY, Horsefair, Kidderminster. A SSISTANT MISTRESS Wanted, for Rufford Schopl, tL Lancashire, for Standards I. and II , under a master; singing by note; needle-work ; if certificated £5O, if Ex-P.T. £4s.—Apply by letter to MANAGER. Rufford School, Lancashire.

'1 OUT and RHEUMATISM promptly RELIEVED and k..X SPEEDILY CURED, simple and efficacious remedy; send thirteen penny stamps for full recipe post free, saving exorbitant doctor's fees.—S. CeaLvy, 163, Ham Park-road, London B. Completely cured Advertiser.

IPOR PILES, inward, outward, or bleeding, take Sped- _l' ding's Easelib and he cured, as hundreds before. bold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor—SPEDDlNG, Bone Setter, Batley. Is. :a box ; post free is. 2d. Whole- sale Agents : GOOMIALL, BACKHOUSE 454 Co., Leeds.

][l ORSHS' LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the J_ Market. 46in. long by 331 n wide, waterproof, on stout nary canvas, and weighs 4lb. I will send one post free for 35., worth 7s. 6d.---From HENRY JoiiN Gl.ssoN, Ur), Sussex.

WASTE Paper of all kinds, old account books, copying books, pamphlets, circulars WANTED; re-manuntc- tura guaranteed.—EDwlN BUTTERWORTH and Co., 61, Waterloo-road, Liverpool. Telephone 1,315.

J IGHT WATRRPROOF SHIM'S, 6ft. long, 3ft. wide. 1 A 2s. 6d. ; or 6 t. long Rnd 61t. wide, 55.; very strong. with brass eyelet-holes. cost four times the meney. Post free from—HENRY' Jous GA9sorr, Government Contractor, Rye Sussex.

RUGS! RUGS ! !—Good, all wool, 81t. long, 61t. wide, and weigh over four pounds ; Government grey ; only been used a little; much bAter th.tn common new ; I will send one post free for 38.—From HENRY JOHN GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

RATS : RA.TS : POISON'S !..'no use if Rats won't eat it. Traps are worthless if Bats won't enter them. This fine Recipe makes them do both. Send P.O. for Is. to- 0. ATHAWES, Rastgarston, Lambourn, Berks ; you'll re.leive by return the best! Rat Recipe in the World. Instructions and advice.

HERB3.—NATURWS MEDICINIC—JOHN BOOTH, Medical Herbalist,Crewe,2s years' experience.lSufferers from Indigestion, Blood Impurities, Nervousness, Gravel, Sluggish Liver, Private Complaints. &c. Advice and circu- lars tree. Herbal Medicine and Pills, week's supply, Is. 3d., properly mixed to suit complaint.—Try Nature's Remedies.

25,000 P:iicres ovfe rLyE G. tG, oInNaG Sa n, j,.;1 sgt opoads-lsoeodk ?nugt, o f swither- whalebone stiffening up sides, strap top and bottom, leather lace up sides, extra bound leather, bound top and bottom. Cost 78. per pair ; will send one pair post free for 24 stamps from H. 3. GASSON, Government contractor, Rye. LOOK ! LOOK!! LOOK!!! Greatest bargains on earth. 10,000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes. Purchased from the Government. Cost 7s, 6d. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free. Quite new, but put out of service.—HENßY JOHN GAS ON, GOVerila, ent Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

T 00K! LOOK ! I—Greatest Bargain ever offered. A I_l Brand New WATERPROOF HOOD and CAPE GIVEN AWAY with every pair of my Army kings which are Bft. long. 6ft. wide, weigh over 6s. a palr, suitable for 13 edcovering, horse rugs, etc.-11ENItY ROBINSON, Bye, Sussex.

Twits I PILES! ! PILES! I ! And all diseases of impure J. blood. HEAL'S celebrated remedies are guaranteed to cure them or money retutned. What other firm with so- called remedies offer terms like this? None genuine unless from 6. HEATH-STREET, Lower Broughton-road, Manchester. Post free is. 3d. Hundreds of cures and never a failure known.

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES. Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obkv mate or kng-standing, and never fail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parallel in medical science; have saved theusand trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price Iist.—QUALIFIED CHEMIST, 201, Great Anco%ts-st.. Manchester.

A PROFIT SEARING OFFER. N order to introduce and advertise our forthcoming 1 Family Journal "THE TRAIN," we offer to share the profits with purchasers of our Shilling Profit Sharing Certifi- cates. Two months from date of purchase we guarantee to pay is. 6d. for each Shilling Certificate. The issue of Certifi- cates is limitud t 2,000.—Fu1l particulars free by post from FORTNIGHTLY NEPTPAPER COMPANY, 20, Cheapside, London,

fatrprieo, Sageitneuts, earrtages,

ITOOPER AND SI M MOMS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL . High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Bstimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landau.. Victoria., Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

AGOOD PLAN,—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free, Pull of valuable information. Address GEORMI EvANs and Co,, Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. London. B.C.

FIRE! FIRE!! FIRE!! W. P. & W. SKELION LTD. WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS. BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HORSEMA.RKET- STRLET, adjoining the late premises, where all orders and inquiries will be promptly attenned to.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual cure without internal HOOFING C OUGH medicine. HOOPING COUGH 1100 PING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4;s. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, GROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

Ramis HERBAL EMBROCATION.

BEDROOM SUITE, very fine lot, In solid walnut, maho- gany lined, fine roomy wardrobe with bevelled plate robing glass door, deep drawer under, bra.ss handles, good locks, and carved panels ; fine dressing chest, with lofty silvered bevelled ghss. on carved supnorts, six drawers with brass handles; washstand with marble slab, to hold double set of toilet ware, double tiled back in carved frame ; pedestal towel rail, and three chairs. The lot will be delivered free; cost late owner £22 ; now only £l3 103,—MELLon,pawnbroker, 210, Park-road Liverpool.

DIANOFORTE. very noble and fine instrument, by John Broadwood and Son (genuine),originally cost 98 guineas, in very handsome carved case, neat panel front with sconces, elaborate carved legs, full trichord, ivory keys, check action, very powerful mellow tone, quite equal to new ; also very line music stool, made by Weston, Rodney-street, hair stuffed, covered with wool work, grand carved support ; will give written guarantee as to condition; room badly wanted, Lowest cash price 25 guineas for both.—J. W. MELLOR, pawn- broker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool.

BOOKCASE, sound, second-hand piece of Furniture, in capital condition, solid walnut, 31. 61n. wide and Bft. high, fitted with three movable shelves and glazed doors, under portion forms sideboard, with drawer and two cnp- boards, good locks and brass handles ; will deliver free. Only £4 15s. ; worth 7 guineas.—MinLou, pawnbroker, 210 Park- road, Liverpool,

DINING-ROOM SUITE, nine 'pieces in solid dark oak well upholstered, and covered in olive-coloured saddlebags, very finest quality ; the six small chairs on castors, and upholstered backs; flue pair of easies, and good, roomy couch; cost late owner 22 guineas ; now only £l4 10s. —AIELLon pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE , ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, t. Warrington. Ancriox Rooms—No.l Bank Street J AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass ,Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance As sochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Lin-ated . Established 1864.

THOMAS GEORGE GROUNDS, MARKET-STREET CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON, (Late 10 years assistant collector and assessor of Income Tax,The House Duties, and Land Tax to Mr. Thomas Sutton, Legh-street, Warrington). ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENT. Rents collected on reasonable terms. INCOME TAX WORK A SPECIALITY.

JONES AND ELS WORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, ac., 57, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent) on easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136,

DBAWING-ROOM SUITE, very fine, equal to the day it was new, solid walnut frames, extra well made. covered in rich saddlebags ; just forfeited ; under special agreement : cost originally about 12 guineas ; will sell and deliver for ES 10s.-31ELLon, 210, Park-road, pawnbroker, Liverpool.

PIANOFORTE, by H. Folkien, London, very fine high- class cottage model, with steel flame, handsome Italian walnut case, with handsome panel front and sconces, full trichord, *check action ; guaranteed in pertectly good and sound condition ; delivered and tuned free ; wonderful value; room wanted; only 19 guineas; cost very I,cently 38 guineas.—MELLOß, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth park, Liverpool.

CURTMNS and Set of Bed Hangings to match, cost late owner Ell never been put up, very best quality damask, everything complete and free from a single mark, will sell for 4 guineas ; just forfeite4, under special agree- ment.— MELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, Park-rood, Tox teth- park, Liverpool.

PATCHWORK QUILT (Persian), very large size, all pure silk, with deep silk repp border, wonderful value, only £3; perfectly clean.—J. W. MELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road. Liverpool.

ff1011el)* CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at _L a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brough% to the house if preferred. Letters prAmptly att!nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER.. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD CHATTERS. SALEROOM : f 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

ifiarbinerp, Scr., on Oale. TOR SALE, Baker's patent MANGLE, in good condition; JU no reasonable offer refused.—Apply 2, PITT-STREET, Chester. LINGINES. Boilers, Shafting, Pulleys, Pedestals, Belting, large and varied Assortment of Machinery on Sale.— JOHN T. DATIEs, engineer, machinery stores, 5, Henry-st.. Liver; 001.

IT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Griereon, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Mill Weight, aped all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

200000 At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to bo Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-st., Liverpool. Tele- graph No. 5,18 g.

MONEY. MONEY. , MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. osecurity required. Sim ply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGF.B, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9 a,m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment orranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine az.d extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE! PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

WIDNES AND W ARRIN GT ON . R .Ftiry ANT ILI- Ot (0) D "7 Tradesmen,lN c continues n ue s Farmers,to make lyAo rDkVi nAgNme ADVANCES IVI and all respectable 'leaseholders, on their own security. adONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcroise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention. PRIVATEmaue A DGITAJA INN' To LH sE from £5 5 MONlaErgYe .--a with Rh '5 a 0 C pAi l l to all respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Workingm en, and to all Classes worthy of Credit, simply on written promise to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry tee. The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrowers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If you cannot get an advanc. from me it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever refused.— Apply MR. WEST, 32. Golborne-st. (private house) off Sankey- st., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompt attention. Apply and be convinced. (No agent.) ONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, IVI publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges a hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings guai anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- eommodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South. 2, Littler- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

.t 3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2) „ IG/- £lO 5/- , £25 ~ 12/6 „ Also LOANS granted on Life Assurauoe Policies, Re- versions, Freehold end Leasehotd Property, .1t Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent. 119, NIRRSEY-STRERT. WARRINGTON.

A-MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £l.OOO, to respectable persons, on tbs Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY'. Without Sureties Also on Deeds Repayments. Delay. J „ Life Polices 6d. in the £ „ Law Costs. c. weekly,monthly „ Publicity. i or quarterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS reques'.ed not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Manchester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

SPECI AL SALE OF 300 PIANOS, ORGANS, AT J. PARRY'S. 20, DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a*. any price. Several square pianos 5k octaves, from £1 ss. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Brinsmead Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J. .t )'. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Collard ,tic Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass lror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass iron-trame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood ...... Fine Chancel Organ, in oak case, cost £25 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvements by Erard. Kirkman, Collard. Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson, Rad Ibacti, Newmeyer.Weber.

lon MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, V Planers, Shapers, Engines, Steam Hammers, Bcc., now ready. Apply. 6cOTT /hops.. Halifax. Patent Duplex High Speed Gas Engines, effect saying of from 15 to 25 per cent. gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant. _ pATIINT OFFICA, MANCHES-YR ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES et SON have haul more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

SMITH'S FAMOUS PIANOS' 34, OXFORD-STREET, 133. PICCADILLY, MANCHE ,TER. 179, OXFORD-STREET, 102 and 164, PINSPONE STREET, SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS. Without doubt the best and cheapest house for Pianos or Organs by all the great makers. PIANOS at PA. 6d. Monthly }TILL PAID FOR. ORGANS at Sc. 6d. Monthly Second-hand Instruments at Lower Rates. Delivered free anywhere on payment of first month's hire i Send for Price List (post free), or what s better still, Call on ts.MITH personally, a ,y day up to? p.m.; Saturday, 8 p.m. -- SMITH'S NEW "LIFE INSURANCE" SCHEME. Every instrument on SMITH'S Hire System is insured free of charge during the hiring, to the extent of the full value of the instrument, and should the hirer's death ensue in the meantime the instrument will be absolutely made o'er to the nearest relative of the hirer without any further payment whatever, no matter what the amount still owing may be.provided there are no arrears of hire at the time. No addition whatever is made to the ordinary price. 'lbis is a perfectly genuine scheme, and there is no trick or catch about it. pLEYEL'S PIANOS. The Pianos for the present and future generations. Our tuners report these instruments, without exception, to be the finest in tone and touch that they have ever tuned. The:favourite instrument of Chopin, the Piano Poet who would play upon no other make. I OBLIQUE, List Price 68 GUINEAS. 33 1-3 per cent. off for cash, or 20 per cent. off on the hir a, system. Sole Agents: SMITH'S. At MANCHESTER; 34, OXFORD-ST., 8.3, PICCADILLY, and 179, OXFORD-ST. 102 and 104, PINSTONR ST.. SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS.

_I U C K AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &C. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread," Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. • London. Careliff, Newport, and Dublin LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

MADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective on eartls. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s. 6d. (Strongest lls. bottle). Post free 6d. extra. HERBaL INSTITUTE, la. HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shoreditch Church). LONDON, N.E. Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lO3 for every testimonial that is not genuine,and they can be seen at any time.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long,,standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostratirm what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m., on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

THE DEAF HEAR. Deafness, Head Noises, and aU other distressing aliments associated with loss of hearing, absolutely cured by using " AURALINE ESSBNCE " after all else has failed. The most marvellous medical discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts like a charm. Hundreds of grateful testimonials. Sufferers: Why remain deaf when a cure awaits you? Post free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle.—T HE MACKEY REMEDY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn. London.—Beware of injuri- ous instruments and other appliances.

ArACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case I. guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBTRUCTICNS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impassible Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single casa has it ever failed—even in the m )St longstanding, intricate, and lingering cases. Post free: under cover, with written guarantee of cure ss. (five shillings).—Mrs. W. B- MACKENZIE. Trafford House, 83. Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

PRICK-EARED Skye TERRIBRS for sale, only two left; beauties, five months old, highest pedigree. Dam, winner gold medal.-9, ROSSETT AVENVE, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

FEW good PULLitTS for Sale, at reasonable prices, Minoreas. Leghorns. Orpingtons. Also 4 Cockerels of same breeds, picked birds, fit for showing or stock. Eggs shartiv.—CHARLES TURNER, Fearnhead, Warrington.

2POWERFUL CART MARES, used to farm work years old, warranted sound, good in shafts and chains, ones infoal by valueable cart hors..foal6 in April,would let her go till 4 months after foaling and give foal for mares keep 20 guineas each,p,ornising cart colt unbroken 3 years £16.-65 NiMoLsort-.sTnEor, Froghall-lane, Warrington. _ ORETTY—POLLY I Yes, the " Parrot Trick" has been I worked successfully many a time and oft. Your safest 'plan is to go to some large importer and purchise direct from him. Of course it is his aim to supply good birds, as each one is an advertisement. Remember his address re- mains the same, while thi; swindler changes his repeatedly.— Copied from the " Yorkshire Weekly Post." —WILLIAM Citoss. Liverpool, the Largest Importer of Birds, Beast. and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, Ste., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, outs, bruises, troken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.: 20 oz.. 2s. of all Chemists. 'VETERINARY BOOK tree containing full directions for curing diseases .pf Horses, Dogs, &e. from 0011D1r8 FLUID WORKS, 61. Turnmill-street. London,E .C.

3tlottls, 30pbroo, lioatbtng COtabs. - -- WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

OUTIP.ORT. SUNNYSIDE HYDRO-Phys., Dr. 0 BARNARD°, desirable Winter Residenee, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. 'rarkish. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. Tcrms from two guineas.— J. Boococx, Proprietor.

IN W yEAR'S SALE - -to OTH yEAR. GEORGE & COMPANY. 221, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. (EsTn. 11'50.) SUITABLE NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. REGARDLESS OF COST, AS UNDER :- 1,000 Magnificent liamond, üby, Sapphire, and all Other RINGS. 5s to 13s in the £ reduction. OUR gre specialite. Warranted gems in 18-carat gold. 2,000 Gold and Silver WATCHES, 59 to lOs in the £ Reduction. Written warranty with each 1,500 Gold and Silver ALBERT,, 2s 6,1 to lOs in the £ Reduction. All warranted. Fine Diamond DRESS and BETROTHAL BRACELETS, BROOCHES, EARRINGS, &c.. 5s to lOs hi the £ Reduc- tion. Warranted line gold. Magnill?ent large Selection MARBLE CLOCKS and COSTLY BRONZES. 58 to 108 in the £ Reduction. Every Article in Perfect Condition, in handsome case, and accompanied by written warranty. GEORGE & CO. (Opposits clrane & Sons), SCOTLAN D-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 40-GUINEA GOLD CHRONOGRAPH HUNTER. £lB 12s. 6D. F (11.; Magnlfice ei:)%G OA) HUNTER, by reliable city maker (K, w certificated), 1-plate lever rated, with full chronometer balance, adjusted to every Climate, j, welled throughout in rubies, and timed to the 300th part of a minute, with centre-seconds and outside stop, in massive 3 oz. plain 18 carat gold eases, full size, and fully damp and dust proof, with new patent safety unbreakable keyless action and mainspring. New less than twelve months ago, and maker's and our stamped thirty years' warranty, with oar undertaking to advanee £ll givea. Such a genuine bargain is seldom seen. Approval. Trial allowed. Exchanges made. GEORGE'S PRESENTATION WATCHES. £l3 12s (Cost 30 guineas) for one of Thos. . 6D. Russell's (maker to the Queen) own Liverpool manufacture Gild Keyless 0 LIR ONOG RA PHS. Extra ruby jewelled all through, with full chronometer balance. adjusted for heat and cold, and all recent improve- ments ; in stroog, full-size, plain 18-carat Government- stamued gold cases, fully damp and dust prof. with safety keyless and unbreakable mainspring, timed to the 3COth part olast f a minute, with centre-seconds, and patent side stop; new year, and is warranted for 30 years, perfect satisfaction. •amaer's warranty given. D.,. GEORGE'S 45 YEARS' REPUTATION! lAMONDS! DIAMONDS! DIAMOND:3 ! UNPRECEDENTED BARGAINS ! A GUARANTEED SAVING OF 50 PER CENT. OVER ANY OTHER HOUSE IN THE TRADE!

Cost. £ s. d. 418.---Splendid pair of Solitaire brilliant DIAMOND EARRINGS, of purest water, dazzling lustre, and without a flaw, guaranteed 6 18 6 sso,f&DIES' FINEST DIAMOND HALF-HOOP RINGS, --Very large DIAMONDS of matchless lus- tre and rarest whiteness and perfec- tion, mounted in exquisite iarv,d tl9 setting -.--Pure DIAMON W.—Large 6-stone RING brilliant white stones, perfectly faultless, and of rarest lustre Gns.—An exquisite 5-store RING, most lovely diamonds, en ideal of perfection and rr. lustre ; exquisitely mounted ...ns.—Five large lustrous DIAMONDS of rare beauty, whitene.ss and lire ; securely mounted in carved claw setting; a marvel SPECIAL BASfGAIN:3 ENGAGEMENT RINGS. 9.-Ileautitul HALF-HOOP, containing 5 large lovely brilliant Diamonds and Oriental Rubies; handsome claw setting 2 9 6 8 Ons.--Stiperb 5-stone brilliant DIAMOND, half- hoop of rarest lustre and fire, secufely mounted in strong claw setting; posi- tively unequalled Gns.—Lustroue first water brilliant DIAMOND in plain thick band of 18-carat gold 1 9 6 A 22 10s.—Beantiful 5-stone Half-ho ,p of real DIAMONDS and RUBI ot rarest lus- tre. in heavy 18-carat gold GENT'S SINGLE-STONE DIAMOND RINGS. 20 e large BRILLIANT of first water and superb' lustre and fire. Warranted. Very heavy setting -417.—Large Brilliant DIAMO ND, one blaze a lus- tre and lite. Very heavily moanted Gus.—Splenaid large DIAMOND of rarest bril- li.incy end fire and perfect purity Gns.—Very fipe quality brilliant DIAMOND, in massivehandsome setting 2 12 6 15-GUINEA DIAMOND SCARF RING. £4 12s. GD. Brilliant M iant a gliAfi cme nota race sl Single-stone sItDo .a splendid stone, full of fire and lustre, claw set, in heavy 18-carat geld (patent "Flexible"). Alao Grand 3-Stone DIAMOND 1.,1(.1 SAPPHIRE SCARF RING,in massive plain half round band of solid 18-carat Hall-marked gold; only 62a 6d. Cost £ll.

20-GUINHA. OPAL AND DIAMOND SCAUF YIN STUD. E 5 17 For most Magnificent large OPAL _S. 6D. and DIAMOND PIN. also forms stud ; a large opal of the most exquisite fire and beauty, sur- rounded by lovely perfe^t white brilliants of the purest eater, in beautiful 18-carat claw setting. This is a jewel of We'll beauty—note the value.

£3 BRILLIANT DIAMOND BAR BROOCH. 18a _For Charming BAR BROOCH of artistic de- s. [ID. sign, in solid 15-carat hall-marked gold, With lustrous diamond centra. Also exquisite real PEARL, ilea' Moon crescent and st•r. Brooch or Hair Ornament. Worth 3 guineas, now only L9s 6d. And another Diamond and Pearl" Ivy Leaf" Spray 11.•ooch, and another Diamond Heart and Arrow Brooch, worth £4, now only 27s 6d. All 15-carat. hall-marked. The above comprise the greatest bargains ever seen, being pu res t gems, set in solid 18-carat Government stamped gold. are all guaranteed perfect as new, and in handsome case, and Will be sent on approval anywhere, and cash returned if not as desired. DIAMONDS. GEORGE'S. DIAMONDS. THE SOUNDEST INVESTMENT, WITH ABSOLUTE AND UNDOUBTED RELIABILITY.

„ LADY'S £l4 GOLD LEVER DEMI-HUNTER. X 6 7s. 6D. fiourntpard'a'Half- D. 11; Lady's finestSupe r Gold LEVER,See a -,011 chronometer balance. adjusted for heat awl cold, ruby ier'elled throughout, and of finest English finish ; in heavy 48-carat Government stamped gold cases, with opal circle and _Crystal glass, safety keyless and unbreakable mainspring. Ot had 12 months. wear, and guaranteed for thirty years' (stamped warranty) correct time keeping; in case quite as liew. Splendid present. Approval. RELIABLE GOODS ONLY—GEORGE'S.

LADY'S 2 537 I R 6S T n- C. —(NewLF e 7 - c tLI yNDeBa LEVER. E. rOn oLarD. LoLaf ICI yfiV,r.E. al an t make, with chronometer balance, extra ruby jewelled move• naent, unbreakable rnainGring, and all the latest English im- Provernents ; in ma.sive solid Government stamped gold case; sunk second dial, and gold hands; warranted tl keep dead gun-time by written stamped warranty for 20 years. Approval. Exchanges made. Easy payments taken. REAL MONEY VALUE PRESENTS—GEORGE'S.

-.•9 CHRONOMETER LEVER BY KELLIE. 23 17s. 6_. For this _Magnificent SilbileeiranniEcee,ns.goaliwnsli famous manufacturen. LEVER il HclUiriOnTotteorf adjusted for extreme heatwotailulitclold,. extry ruby jewelled, fully capped. with unbreakabl p and all latest patents; In heavy plain polished solid mainspring, fully damp and dust si ver , proof, with gold joints, Will not vary 10 seconds per month guaranteed, and maker's receipt and Warranty with ours for 20 years given. A very beet. sound, relielle Liverpool watch, and a bargain to any PurchAser. Approval. Free trial allowed. Payments or cash. SPECIAL OFFBRUALL THIS MONTH.—GEORGE'S. WORKMAN'S STRONG 24 SILVER LEVER. £1 j(New four months ago)—For first-clas9 S. D. strong full-plate Silver LEVER, jewelled in four pairs extra of rubies, chronometer balance, ' unbreak- able mainspring (winds to the left), and improvements ; in Massive English Government stamped sold silvermses, fully damp and dust proof, with unbreakable glass warranted 15 Years, and money cannot buy a more thoroughly sound mate h Paym-nts taken. is WORKMAN'S FRIEND" WATCHES AT GEORGE' S SPLENDID 27 STRIKING REGULATOR CLOCK, 1,...5t 1 1 6 tri UmLoAs most 6D . For h iSsTmRI tCIBL-O)CA NI? ---..odsomely carved burr walnutwood ease, 54 by 18 inches. 'With fluted base, finest quality movement, chiming hours and lialyes on B flat gong. long visible pendulum. with 5-inch ball arid weights, ail in polished brass, with 8-inch opal dial; posi- tively the finest timist made, timed to the 1-second, and war- ranted 20 years. Suitable either hall or parleur. Payments 'taken. WARRANTED RELIABLE CLOCKS AT GEORGE'S.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, brepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who surfer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, Loss OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, sc. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, RS a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE ilftVe no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge, as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Toe Genuine are wrapped in a square green package bearing the name of the proptietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, REID, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURER, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in Scotland and England. PAITVINS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE. • Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotch and English Towns.

TREMENDOUS DOWNFALL IN PRICES AT LIPTON'S. HAMS, HAMS. BACON, BACON. LIPTON'S FAMOUS HAMS. Finest Quality, Specially Selected, Own Cure, Own Cure, Lean. Mild, and Splendidly Flavoured, Every Ham Guaranteed Perfection. Tue Best Value ever offered to the Public. BEST SMOKED HAMS NOW REDUCED TO 7D. PER LB. BEST PALE HAMS NOW REDUCED TO 61D. PER LB. NO HIGHER PRICE. OTHER CHOICE QUALITIES FROM 6D. PER LB. BACON, BACON. The Best Breakfast Bacon, lean, well cured, pate, smoked, rolled, sides, and in cuts, at prices hitherto unheard of in the Trade, 1 From ` A ±2D. PER LB.' LIPTON, THE LARGEST PROVISION DEALER IN THE WORLD. • TEA, COFFEE, AND COCOA PLANTER. CEYLON. Tel Merchant by Special Appointment to Her Majesty the Queen. Maker of Soups, Sauces, Potted Melts, Sausages, Pies, Bottled Fruits, Jams, Jellies, and Marmalade. Fruit Grower, Cocoa and Chocolate Manufacturer. Fancy Cake and Biscuit Baker. _ WARRINGTON :—Corner of BRIDGE-STREET, and FRIARS GATE. Chief Offices : City Road, London. BRANCHES EVERYWHERE, AGENTS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD.

IMPORTANT STOCKTAKING SALE RELIABLE SEALSKIN SEALSKIN GARMENTS AND RICH F. W. CREAMER & CO.'S GREAT SALE COMMENCES ON MONDAY, JANUntY 6rn. SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS. REASONABLE AND GENUINE CON- CESSIONS. WILLIAM CREAMER AND CO. BELt)°,TAi2"=;gitiTh sitNtlliTeir a for nt is purchasingan EXCEP- CHOICE FURS and SEALSKIN JACKETS. The Stock is simply enormous. Every Article own Manufacture and guaranteed absolutely reliable. Newest Fashions, Smartest Shapes. UN LIMITED VARIETY. EXTREMELY KEEN PRICES. DETAILED CATALOGU 3 ON APPLICATION. INSPECTION AND COMPARISON OF VALUE RESPECTFULLY INVITED. MANUFACTORIES AND SHOWROOMS. 56, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SYRUP OF FIGS. . The original and genuine bears on the front of package, at top, a circle with white , letters on blue ground, thus— .--\\WX#,, , - • - - .%.: ~,,,,.. , ..,,,,:,, , ~,,, 0, . ': C. • ~1, I‘ii `l'ol, ~ k' • iFifi, • i \ . ~, —,,,1 : ~ ilk ‘Q's , -a•-• v VI". • . ..- ‘., :" %I‘' .1, ' AN( . and near the bottom a red band containing the name of the sole manufacturers in white letters, thus— • •, , , , ~.s. ;:..,,,,.,-..; ' (AIN ORNIA tiYRUP'C° . : -,--..._,, ' SYRUP OF Pius is the only remedy of its kind ever produced, pleasing to the taste and acceptable to the stomach, prompt in its action and truly beneficial in its effects. The great trouble with all other aperient remedies is not that they fail to act, but that they act too violently, and invariably tend to produce a habit of body requiring augmented doses. SYRUP OF FIGS may be had of all chemists, but it is manufactured by the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP COMPANY only. If you get it, you will have the true remedy; but if you accept any pre- paration made by some one else, under a similar name, you will be disappointed. Remember the name, SYRUP OF FIGS, and that it is manufactured by the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO. In bottles, prices lili and 2/9, or post free on receipt of price from the Depot for Great Britain and Colonies: No. 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, E.C.

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can a posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Ext Hallpenn Stamp.

Newton-le-Willows ....••• Widnes, Appleton, Farnw Ditton, Penketh, Preston Br Frodsham, Helsby. Daresb and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchord Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock port, Buxton. Y rkshire North- umberland, Durham. & S.-East Lancashire London, Southern and S.-Western Counties, Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire. N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. and Runcorn Manchester, 8.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland. & Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Brook, Sutton, Newton-1e- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heaney Manchester & St. Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cumberland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despatch. All Parts London, Midlands. S.-Eastern Sauth Counties. & Foreign

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.; HEAD OFFICE High•Bt., Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan; Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m, The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 pan

LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Gothorne, Lowton, 8c Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wo3t of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge. Wigan. Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham. Chester, Crewe, London. Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Walea.Preston,St.Helens. Southport. and South Wales Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY PESPATCHES, All Parts—General Night Mall.

RECEIVING RoIISE, RITB-OPPICEs, AND WALL LETTER BUBO ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

WEEIE-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m. 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 /t 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 7 P.U. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m. 7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 P.m. 9-30 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorksl.ire, Durham, Northum- bee.and, and Lincolnshire Chester. Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot, Wigan, Orms- kirk, Widnes, & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancasl-4re, New- w ton-le-Willows, St. Helens. and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 5.- Eastern Counties ..

ONE CASE OF ARMY: AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and ex- ternal). Price 4s.rd. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s 9,1, Only of HOPE. Operative Chemist, (la Methuen) 332 ansgate. Manchester. Advice free.

POLISHING--A PLEASURE I WILL NOT STEPHENSON FINGER MARK. fft FURNITURE ._ CREAM. ;- : . z • - • . • ... Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORM

FOUND 1)11-1AD• OISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thpusands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ts d.ad by using it. Post Free. Is. 2d., 23. 3d. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Soldt.y Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killin Moles on land.

HY -p - - - • . `- ' _ AMERICAN ROLL TOP DESKS. mlegant in D esign, and of the most ingenious Construction.. ' suitable for the home the Library, for Banks, for Public and Private Offices. The Desk Is an office in itself. All sizes in oak or walnut. The closing of the. top automatically locks all She drawer., Price., from £8 8. 0. upwards. Sole Importer TIICOIAS TURNER, NEWARK Svaxrr, LEICESTER.

TO WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel,. Pains in the Back, Diseases, &c. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work. should be read by every man who is neryoui and debilitated, —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the; case. Can be obtained direct.

I And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before paying out any money. I have made a life-long study of Fits, Epilepsy, St. Vitus' Dance, &c., and when I say cure I mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE- TO SUFFER, but send 3d. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, and TRY IT. N. C. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, LONDON, N.W.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. 13 11d. tnd 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, aftet excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Met. (metals, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PhCTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZkiNGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

• i• ,: : ' me y CAPSULES ',- - - ' are superior to Balsam • - PN TA' of Copaiba, Cubeba or S lo Injections and cure in 48 hours tho same Ili diseases without incon- -4 1 , 1. youience. 4/6 of all Cho, D , , mists. Or post free. WILCOX a Co., I gar •• %' . ' 239, OXFORD BT., LONDON, W I

I , Steam Engines, ‘ 1..... 'Milers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. w 'ipit• for quotatioss, :Wise details of reguireareats, LLHINDLEY,I 0 usen Victoria St., LONDON, az.; -- as to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

&10 MONTH. Salary or Commission. IIiCTIVE Men, at good remuneration, are Wanted, each locality, to introduce (locally or travelling) new dis- covery and keep our Show Cards and Advertising Matter distributed throughout town and country; steady employ- ment ; commission or salary £m per month, and expenses up to ros. 6d. per day; money deposited with banke'rs when started. ' For particulars write to the World Medical Electric Company, Temple Chambers, London, E.V.

The Grand old Remedy for Chest Diseases. In use from the year 1826. coNGFtEvEs BALSAMIC ELIXIR This sfilendiel welkin* should be in every household. IN CASES OF COUGHS Ort—R,E—SIC IT IC), On the appearance of the First Symp. loins ot a Cold a good dose of the oBAtLi;Sf twenty will, in nineteen cases, carry it off before AND it becomes settled or merges intolnflu- BRONCHIAL enza. At the first suspicion of INFLU- ENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also AFFECTIONS take ft for the SUBSEQUENT WEAK- NESS of the LUNGS, and other direful Persevere with this mai- effects of this alarming disease. tine, and you can hardly Rev. F. E. REAM of Derby, writes : jail to get the Cough rt. It always puts my lungs right, and and the bronchial drove out the terrible INFLUENZA last May." symfitons to disahsear. In that very distressing disease, so For HOARSENESS it terrible, especially to the aged, is invaluable, and ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS—. SPLENDID CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has , been the means of wonderful relief. See the case of LADY G. BROMLEY FOR THE VOICE (No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book). Also as a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to Speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on &small lump or two of suzar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors In bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9,1., 4s. 6d., and family bottles at Us. and 2'2e

HRRD WATER.

__- = %----- -,,------------,__, THE SOAP FOR 1 ---,----iwtE SOFT WATER. 1 ---................t44z:iu551.:- - '-ti°,-wA TS Ow S l4'' - ---''--- .---,--__ :t--,_ - ----' --` - _ - _---_____ r----- • '— -- -ii % ,_ - j ", ' ,'-. -_ - i -- -- 17 --_._ _=_-- : --_-_- 7 _ t t.7_, - 4-'- t' i. ' -=-1 ' A c-,-.. __ ,-__-;-=,-----_-_-- 174, 4 ,_.: . -' 1 - - .'-le- --- ------'-' '' - 1-- -::::' + ;'-.---i: 7 _ _ _ '-= . F. ' -- ------ - --- -- ---1- - - -__ = ,_ __v =__ _ ' - ,--,- ..-,._ , , --41---.4',..x.- ~.. 1 , _,_ ------- --- -,-..-47;-- 771UUSt HoirRECUISIII-4 -1.- ,', ,AN--- ------ _-_—. ' -------.--_-_-:--- THE soRP FOR tiOT WATER. COLD WATER. For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be sent carriage paid. Full particulars on each Wrapper. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 16oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 31. per lb. A 12oz. 99 99 2id. ~ 34d• 9,

Ol4' CLEM/MESS ush-glar , • a .aub Is 40 BLAG, 1. %. ' ttr• ; ' '. ." r ~<(, LE ;it. D _ an,‘V :.• ' '.. ' /TAICERS TO Th'AVaffE-Af.

THE JOHN NOBLE Half-Guinea COSTUMES Three New Smart Designs, all one Price. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers In , .. ' the world. Over i,OOO Well-Paid Workers employed in John Noble's own Fac-tories, under (the strictest conditions of Sanitation and Cleanliness. 1 JOHN NonLE, Ltd., are the Originators and Act- ual Manufacturers of the Half-Guinea Costumes for ,„ - -.;-.:.,„ Ladies, and Strongly Caution the Public against the many unscrupulous Imitations that have been made of the present and other designs. • , - Each Garment is guaranteed scientifically cut, _ beautifully finished, and absolutely with- ~ out an equal in the World for Stylish •.- Appearance, Durability, and Actual ,0 _ Money Value. 4 „ Two Gold Medals Awarded. These Costumes are made from the John Noble Cheviot Serge in three designs as follows : ---,--- ---_- - -=, . Model 474. as Illustration.-Exceedingly smart mode, wide Godet skirt with belt, also very neat bodice with saddle back, full front • and broad box pleat down centre, trimmed bold silk cord and three large '.... ---- --%-- =,,, buttons; collar and cuffs finished silk cord; saddle and sleeves lined. :-- -_,--- -_--, Model 375.—Improved tailor-made Norfolk mode full wide plain ,-% ---% Godet Skirt, and skilfully cut bodice with three perfect box pleats , -.--;%.....- --'-':-% back and front and detachable belt; saddle and sleeves lined. - - _ --.5,,,--- _ _-_,---- - Model 376.—Comisting of New Godet Skirt, trimmed round hem ----' with bold silk cord; also smart bodice with pointed saddle back, ---. trimmed cuffs, collar and saddle to match skirt. i Each Costume supplied complete for iOl6, packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. extra.. When Ordering, please be careful to state Model No. of Design required. : Sizes in Stock fit any figure up to 38 ins. round bust under arms; larger sizes, 116 extra. , . Skirt only of any of above Costumes supplied for 5/6, carriage 6d. extra. ,- . faVlette 415, xi.tv THE JOHN NOBLE 4:lf' 4:)':—. KNOCKABOUT FROCKS FOR GIRLS % , -,,k, ti z Are indisputably the most marvellous value ever offered for Public FROM 1 I , '.."4 ` Sale. Every Frock s thoroughly well made in the John Noble 1 ~- - Cheviot Serge, with saddle top, long full sleeves, and pocket, I; , and allows plenty of freedom for the limbs. Please consider thesehO .2 , i 4. g ' prices sth—s 2! 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 inches. Postage eAd. ~ Prices ii 6 21- 26 3/- 36 41- 416 51- 516 each. extra. Every purchaser ' 1 if delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in (• " . Ix, front. COLOURS: Any of the above garments can be supplied in Black, Navy. "' Brown, Myrtle, Bronze-Green, Electric Blue, Ruby, Dark Cinnamon, . - , Fawn, or Grey. jhe JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE ments the eje above oliar-a - fabric of world-wide tame and durability, measuring 52 ins. wide. The full 7/6 ... ssließnGg tEI : , o. f also Six Yards pATT cEaßnNbse supplied for i 07 /N 6. SHEETS Colours aso of other above. "THE 13-00 K OF TDHreEs up-to-date Costumes, &c., sent Post Free on application. Please mention this paper when ordering. JOHN NOBLE Ltd., The Warehouse, MANCHESTER.

. , . ' Is A. . ~ - _. :. ~.. .E., ...1• 7, . .. . . ~.. ‘. ~.: ... , 1.10. . • 'Z1N0.... .. ~ , 1,--.-- --,--. 0i ', i • , 01 , '' ' 1 0b„,.._ ~ ............. . ifirxii4.l:,,t.J. iv tOO . p ' it-7-1- ' '-":115' - .' ' - - -- rP '' 1,,---- ° • i ~ ky , .•:::!;•„ ~../..!, Y 1 . -11. ei 1 / ;40...."..) ,t, :•'- - . ' % Z., , ,i 1 . ri,ij•jr1i.,,Z,,,..2_,) , •_=7,-..---;., , , ~.2.„, idi' .. ,Ifr ,/i . • ..,' ~ -1.t4 1..r7i. i• 1,P,/,----=--, ;'-'l. :!-- '"..... V f ' I: A ~...... , • Nil7-t7f-_, —1 2 ' ~-.-3;-1-:--jp.'',l: / ( • , . t .0 , I 4, s 4 , ,_. . . .-c 1 9, 0 .1...„ . . , . .. , .. i) ~, , ,t. 1 • ... - ' k, ~, , ii, *.- rli A STARTLING PRODUCTION! An entirely new watch ; selling it ~in thousands. Compact dustAiEht cues& a special metal prepared C,. ', c - I ';\ in resemblance of REAL SILVER! Looks as well as most watches ;•,7) '•' ' ' _ ' " • charged at £5 in retail shops. Goes to the fifth of a second. k•') ', \ • ,) 4 illy, , Delivered complete, with key and full instructions, by next post, ' on receipt of 1018. Full amount returned if dissatisfied. Send this . , ~. _. announcement, and a HANDSOME ALBERT CHAIN Is included •\ ..! A •, ' .. 0"/ FREE. Such value defies the world I Olgantic Success! M. SAMUEL'S , \ \ , ...,‘ . ,:,' RENOWNED ACME" WATCH, perfect and satisfactory. Highly- ; finished, jewelled movement, three-quarter plate. Accurately fitted ...) _...,.- \, • ',.,.-- --:-7-:. tective u=uding cap Strong Solid Sterling Silver Cases (stamped), ht. Lady's richly engraved and dial elegantly tinted or plain. --„\, ‘ . ._ .... - . . ;.- "-i. .% x of extra weight. tri %.• .4 - - Forwarded free by post, registered, with key, full instructions, and five years' it V\l t 014 warranty. Worth 3 guineas. H. SAMUEL'S PRICE 25/4••• A hands7G7Treol ei-, Otßinf rriinrcluded. Magnificent and Perfect! H. SAMUEL'S WORLD-FAMED p ti, 1,,...,J ENGLISH LEVER; JEWELLED; Chronometer Balance. Massive Solid Silver '‘. )it ek '.---)!-- oantuolunneat guineas. returned Samuel's i dissatisfied. trsie el. Crystal Glass. Salenlnontthhe'swforreled t. ri Sendal oywoeudr. name la I:: 4:4: if cases, Hadadril tl‘ ,_Ni# ~ , t Willie Feat centre of the World's Watch supply. splendid UNPARALLELED • )14 ) 0 ,;, „ volume, now being despatched to thousands. Opens direct communication / 5,..4 .:::edii.. Samuel . andWARRANTED receive,fF 00f R all YEARS.cost, a 5 -...N.,...,0 VALUE! A HANDSOME BONUS PRIZE FREE for every purchaser. \‘00.,1, Vl4l ').....,, --• _ • £2,000 PRIZES. H. Samuel's plan of presentation, described on a , ~.,.7 separate sheet enclosed. STARTLING BARGAINS. Nearly 2,000 beautiful illustrations. All brilliant, new, and perfect. Alarum Clocks marked in most shops 5/6 to 6/0; IL Samuel's price 2/8. Lever Timepieces usually sold In shops at 3/3; H. Samuel's price 13. Certain of H. Samuel's watches contain speoial patented improvements, protected by

No increase of 'rice. Watches at V.; Alberts 1/-; Brooches I/-; Pins 1/.; &c., &c. Also Teapots 36; Cruets 2/6. Knives and Forks at Astounding Reductions. Shrewd, intelligent buyers have bought for years from H. Samuel at their own fireside, by means of H. Samuel's interesting pamphlets. H. Samuel's SPLENDID SUccs has caused hundreds of worthless shams to be thrust on the market. H. Samuel s Watches are always reliable! Always valuable! Always satisfactory! REFUSE ALL IMITATIONS and send direct to IL Samuel,

enclosing this announcgment from the I\' ARRINGTON ** EXAMINER." H. SAMUEL, Largest English Watch Manufacturer, 97, 90, 101, 33, 89, & 121, MARKET STREET. MANCHESTER.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISAMITBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; made special to pattern, 8/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 316 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L [NEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISHTWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, IRISH LINEN PATTER and Style. Please say if for Ladies or Gents Ni ear. NS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. Rs_ HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, !ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, soRZ THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, dco.

Manufactured Only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. A GOOD FAMILY YIEDICINE C)-tEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. cocKLE,s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

k._, T 1k7.9f„, ......--..../.:y 5,...\.„ 1 --.1 • '6 E.J.,LIMAn. ,--,-,- _..._.-_,,rs.-_,?,--yrcp A-A.?, EMBROCATION , • _ .e-r :: 1. :: • --—. •• . r , • i i 'l'-' r t.• ~... :h. .... Mrs. ...r.:::. 9.0 0 , 16 1 .. .., ...,::: __.:,-;:.7-.-- 7 --::-_-- , n --- i Minlc it _ -. .r. , %."'"7%;', ''' , • 'ff. /.,' .; - •• ;..-7%-.... —; , ' v,., -. ? very useful. ‘ # -1...4/J,,s,- . ' _:-,—_ ,f--.1,,•-•\'' )IN\ .. '1.',1.-it 'e. . • ---1,- -. , , • . • - , , RUTLAND ' f'• ,411/ ' i''. / '''' ) ----'--- - 'X .' '4l t// 1' -. .41 "4--- ^. i • tiN • Nit" ... k 'KER. Belvoir. zo i 3 ) ' ,i. f :7; -;',/ .ii 14? , ..... • .1.1•1=P ....1.2i, ...11,:.:4. ~ 4'o ~, .Z j ••14 ~ , ... • d • , • t..) • .'7.“ 4. ''' '''' * 1/ 2 I ...., gt ;. 4‘ / 1 .1. :• ' ''''' \':'‘-tll .... .. *. .... 1 .:N.,::. ...! 4„,0111.,•;, 4;- ..,..-;--:-.4'--.2--....- - ':' . ~ i. -- 2/63/6 ....,,, •._::. ......! .....,:.'. .1 ........< .... .... . . ~....... . ; n. re? Boitla .--,- • ' '''' • 1 L.l --- 1 ..- ' i• . . .-•- . _ i,,, . .. - --•.....--,, 4 %5.." .:,' t•• • SLOUGH , FOR- . .. . ..--- .: - . ,-, ..-.• —•.--N _-. - `-,..... ...,„ Etic.LANt j • • _ .. c•r( '- la . a RAINO.R_HEIJMATLcM CUTB. BRUT 'ES..

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS Ica I Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all I Tibstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons, so preys- I _L ADIES' BEsT FRIEND lent with the sex. Boxes Is. 11d. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists, Marries or Single Ladies should sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the milker E. send at once for LADY'S HANDY T. TOWLE. Chemist. Nottingham. Beware , f imitations. , I HANDY I ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free. OM; BOX OF CLARKE& 841 YILL. is war I sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs I mation of never-failing remedies for all In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains ' ILLUSTRATED Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes nate or long-standing. The only effectual 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders G remedy that does not contain poisonous throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stamps UID E. .or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES Dave I most delicate. cOMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; 2,&Bpj.,Ay A ,:pys MADAIIII A.B. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRIST 0 o• ndon, and all the Wholesale Houses.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed OR DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per cENT on CURRENT ACC.GUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted £. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW 10 PURCHASE A HOUSE limit TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY ROW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND POE FIVE SHILLINGS PIM MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK. with full particulars, pea free. FRANCIS RANENSCROFT. Manager.

WESTON. WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.—Tbe Christmastide meet- ings in connection with this selool were concluded on Thursday evening last week, when tea was partaken of by a goodly company. Afterwards a very interesting magic lantern entertainment was given by Mr.Pickthall, 'of Runcorn. The gathering held on the evening of Christmas Day, under the presidency of Mr. J. Ball, also proved successful, the scholars going through a pro- gramme of recitations and dialogues. GENERAL NEWS. In about twenty two seconds a drop of blood goes the round of the body. In about every two minutes the en- tire blood in the body, makes the round through the right side of the heart, the lungs to the left side of the heart, through the asteries, the veins again to the heart.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALTI COMPLAINTS IRSAsieSlettleoTHntEinßueSs, tGo rparenpda-rcel atulffsh teeelrebtraottehaemWedidicoinvie from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purch .se is preparod by Mrs. Smithers. who is the only person in possession of the ORtorwAi. RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and sign,Cl on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of Vie Bole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS It Sox. 157, Queen Victoria Street." formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London. are en- gr-ved on th,,. Government Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. eich, by most Chemists.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVAT&. ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each &tient Informed beforehand the 'eost for, TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Ext42cit7ijotnroauss 181x1:ceireto by the al& TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons . weekly. Eixors. of the late J. TT. PARKINSON. (DENTIST BY MUM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TI.) ESDAYS, at Mrs. 318E9 WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-137 RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-6T. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLTMAREET-ST.

T AMES ! A WORD WITH YOU PLEASE.-DR. 1._.4 GRUNDY'S FEMALE PILLS, composed of Steel and Pennyroyal, by a Secret Process known only to the Pronric- tor, have never failed in producing the desired effect, Owing to the great demand, the public are cautioned against some spurtous imitations. These Pins are invaluable to all Females who may suffer from any Irregullrities, Pale Faces. Weakness /Enetnia. Loss of Appetite, Lowness of Spirits, &C. Price per Box, 7.1 d., ls. lid., 28.9 d. and 4...6d. I have ap- pointed Mr. J WOODEND, Chemist, 22, Pitt-st., Liverpool, Sole Agentfor Great Britain and the Colonies. None other genuine.

M RIAG ES By the Rev. A. A. Markham, at the Parish Church. War- rington : TAVLIN —URMSTON—December 21, Samuel Tavlin to Elizabeth Urmston. LEIGH KIRKHAM December 21. John Leigh to Mary Elizabeth Kirkham. DARBYSHIRE —WEBB ER —December 22, James Derbyshire to Sarah Ann Webber. By the Rev. F. W. Willis, at the Parish Church, Warring- ton : NEWTON—KELLY—Dee,ember Joseph Newton to Catherine Kelly. RYDER —MotrEs—December 25, Abraham Ryder to Earah Jane Monks. LITHERL A ND—LElGH—Decembe r 25. Joseph Litherland to Sarah Leigh, HOUGHTON—BROADHURST—December 25, David Houghton to Martha Ann Broadhurst. Woons —A STLEY—December 25. Albert Woods to ann Astley. LOWE—ASluroN—December 25 enjamin Lowe to Alice Ashton. TWIOG —ATHERTON —DeOeMber 25, David Ovreu Twigg to Sarah Ann Atherton. BETTLES—FENNER —DeCeMber 5. WII lam Alfred Betties to Alice Maud Fenner. HOLMES—WARD —Beeelliber 25, Charles Holmes to Elizabeth Ann Ward. Momo—wnlTTLE—December 26, John Monks to Elizabeth Whittle. DEATHS. SEsion—December 20, at Scott-street, Warrington, Rachel Senior. aged 20 years. CARRINGTON—December 21, at Leonard-street, Warrington, Samuel Carrington. aged 7 years. OXLEY—December 22, at Milner-street, Warrington, Samuel Oxley. aged 63 years. CARTWRIGHT—December 23, at Bostock-street, Warrington, John Cartwright, aged 50 years. GA SKELL—December 26, at Percy-street, Warrington, Henry James Gaskell. aged 59 years. JAcKsox—Decerr ber 24th at LlO3 cl-street, Warrington, Thomas Jackson, aged 5 yeors.
