===== 0002601_18960815_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
T. G-. PATERSON, /114USHI NG, up GLAND, THE TURF REGISTER, PublishPd twi,e daily. Post free. Telegraphic Addresses: ..480N. Flushing; BUMPTIJUS, London.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL NOTICE —CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice rersci,can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon 193. Od. Third-class and Saloon 133. 64. Third-class an i Fore Cabin 9s. 64.

Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward journey. Passengers' luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulvarstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow.

JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS FOR

OUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- k) DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

Queen's Enamel for Starching Purposes. Penny Packets for using with every kind of Starch. Sold by Dealers in Soaps everywhere.

MAKERS THE PATENT BORAX CO., LTD.,

BIRMINGHAM. AND LONDON.

DUNVILLIS'S OLD IRISH WHISKY

Has gained bIIVENTION MHDALS.at various great Inter-

nationil Exhibitions.

It is sold by every respectable dealer in the world. Qaota- tions on application to the Head Offices, Belfast.

BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION, Highly recommended for Roots and Grass. 4. Best prices paid for Dead awd Worn-out Horses, Cows, &e, and removed any reasonable dist.ances. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO,

GOLDSTONE AND SONS; TEIB IMMENSE STOCK FOR:YOURSETNES

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS FITTED FERI

===== 0002601_18960815_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
MCDOUGALLS PAMT SELF-RAISING FLOUR M"IIBISIE:ABIllY

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"Mosr men like to see themselves in print," but women don't. They prefer silk or satin. A WOMAN may be quite given to wringing her hands and yet not be very much of a belle. . . . .

VISITOR T "But this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal inure than life size." Artist: "I know it. That is the size he thinks he is."

ETHEL : "I wonder if he loves me as he says? Re has known me only a week." Clarissa: "He may, if that's all the time he has known you." LETTv LErrovEa (coyly) "I have only seen twenty summers." Sally Sly-dig--" Is that so? Why don't you consult an oculist ? " A RUSSIAN proverb says: "When you walk, pray once; when you go to sea, pray twice; when going to be married, pray three times." IT is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know you would lie were you in his place. HE: "Of course, ladies are much handsomer than men." She: "Naturally." He : "No, arti- ficially." Gus: "Why didn't you join our shooting party?" Fred: Well, I'm a poor shot, and I was afraid you might make game of me." THE REASON.—Tommy : "Why shouldn't I ever call any one a liar?" Uncle Jack: "Because, my lad, if he isn't, it will hurt his feelings ; and if he is, he will hurt yours. HE "What is that, dear?" She: "Angel food. I made it myself." He: "You'd better at it, my dear. You're the only angel in the house." STILT, PROUD: "Yes, brethren," said the con- vert, "I am an humble Christian now, but in my unregenerate days I flatter myself thatyou wouldn't meet a finer or more thoroughbred sinner in a day's walk." IN the midst of a battle the General saw a man running from a very dangerous situation. "What are you running for ? " demanded the General in a stern voice. "Sure, General," said the man, "I'm running because I can't fly." WOULD NEVER Do.—Charity Ways: "Oh, Mr. Richmoney, we are getting up an amateur minstrel performance for the Orphans' Home, and we want you to be an end man." Mr. Richmoney (in agita- tion) : "Me? End irran in a minstrel show? Why, everybody would laugh at me !" "What is the use of the sharp- pointed, spear- like spike in the top of the German soldiers' helmet, anyhow?" " What ? Don't know that? It's for use in an assault, when there's no time to load their guns aud they have no bayonets. They just put their heads down and butt."

MISTRESS (first day) : "Bridget, can you make a good mock-turtle soup?" Bridget: "Sure I can, mum." Mistress: "'Well, I'm going to market now. What shall I get you for it?" Bridget (a little flushed and perplexed) : " Jist a carrot, mum, an' a bit av a turnip an' onion, an' a very small piece av mock turtle, mum." WOMAN (to tramp): "There, I have obeyed the divine injunction to Feed the hungry,' and now I hope you will 'remember that one good turn -deserves another, and chop a little wood for me." trram : "I'm very sorry, mum, but I've got an engagement an' must be off." "Why, what have you to do?" "It is my solemn duty, mum, to go out into the highways and by-ways, an' tell hungry gents like myself that this 'ere house is a good place to git a square meal."

AN UNSUCCESSFUL TOAST.--Dr. Thomas Brown courted a lady for many years, but unsuccessfully, during which time it had been his custom to drink the lady's health before that of any other; but being observed one evening to omit this, a gentle- man reminded him of it, and said: "Come, doctor, drink the lady your toast." The doctor replied: "I have toasted her many years ; but cannot make her Brown, so I'll toast her no longer." WATER POWER.—A Boston school supervisor was passing some of the large cotton mills The river near by suggested the idea that water-power was used to run them; but to make sure, he ques- tioned the first person in sight. It chanced to be an Irishman, who was trundling a wheelbarrow of coal towards one of the engine-rooms. " Look here, my man," said the supervisor, familiarly, "do they run these mills by water ? " " Yes, sorr," answered the Irishman. " But they bile it." A SPORTSMAN'S WIT. —Over a mess table, where the parties were warmly discussing the excellence of Manton's guns, a young officer expatiated at considerable length on the superior quality of "Egg's guns," when the colonel of the regiment, a noted sportsman and wit, on being requested to give his opinion, replied that each possessed a peculiar excellence, but, in his opinion, Manton's were the best for &porting, and Egg's for poaching.

- "ADVANCE, SAPPER ! "—ln Gibraltar it is the custom for sentries to challenge all comers at night, and the person spoken to should reply, "Soldier," or " Inhabitant, ' as the case may be; the term "friend" should never be used. An infantry man was on duty in one of the principal streets, and noticing a private of the Ergineers with his sweetheart approaching, he sang out : "Halt !—who goes there?" The person spoken to, wishing to give himself as high-sounding a title as possible, replied: "Engineer and his lady." "Advance, sapper and his servant-girl," responded the sentry. "All's well." EXCESSIVE POLITENESS.—A poet gives the follow- ing lesson on politeness : Indeed, my friends, far better it would seem Were you to choose the opposite extreme— Like one down East, who an umbrella took, And from the rain gave shelter to a duck; Who to a limping dog once lent his arm, And to a sitting hen said, "Don't rise, marm" ; Nor &en to lifeless things respect did lack— said always to a chair, "Excuse my back"; "Excuse my curiosity," he said to books, And to the looking-glass, "Excuse my looks."

ADMIRABLE UNCONCERN.—A gentleman who had a weakness for conundrums and small jokes—a fact which his acquaintances greatly deplored— vies out one day with a party of friends rabbit- shooting, when a gun in the hand of the game- keeper, who was standing on the hedge, discharged itself without giving the least warning, the result being that several of the shots from it passed. through the crown of the gentleman's hat. In- stead of being much shocked by the closeness of the shave he had experienced, the wearer, with apparent unconcern, took the peforated bowler off, and, after a careful examination, held the damaged article up for inspection, with the cool comment : "That wasn't bad for a riddle, though, was it?" IMPOSSIBLE PERSONS: AND YET EVERYONE HAS MET WITH THEM.—The individual who sat down in his hat. The yokel who swallowed a story. The lady who laughed in her sleeve. The house. holder who "threw up" a window. The maiden ho melted into tears. The hasty man who tore up the street. The tailor who "cut out" his rival. The nobleman who stood on his dignity. The railway porter who was above his station. The shy little boy who could never find his tongue. The dog-stealer who caught a policeman's eye on him. The youth who split his sides with laughter. The lover who gave away his heart. " Docrolt, do you think he will recover?" The well-nigh distracted young wife wrung her hands in despair as shesspoke beseechingly to the eminent physician who had been called in a short time before,. In the room beyond lay the: prostrate form of her young husband, six feet tall, broad. shouldered, muscular, the pride of his football team in college, now lying, at six o'clock in the after- noon, on his bed, gibbering meaningless words, so weak in his half-delirium as scarely to be able to move. The sympathetic face of the great doctor assumed a graver aspect as he replied: "Madam, let us trust that with unremitting care and the utmost quiet your husband may in time assume his wonted physical tone. His long training and his iron constitution tell in his favour. 'Fre has, how. ever, been subjected to a severe mental and physi- cal strain, winch for the time being has completely shattered his nervous system. His mind at present should be kept entirely free, and particularly any allusions-to the terrible ordeal through which he has passed should be carefully avoided. At present. I am unable to state positively that he will ever be the same man that he was this morning, but with careful nursing and the use of nourishing foods, let us trust that he may be fully restored." And the good doctor, with a few parting directions, left the house, and the grief-stricken wife, as the door closed behind him, buried her fac, in her hands. "Oh, why," she muttered frantically to herself, "(lid I go shopping this afternoon, and leave him to take care of the baby?"

_ ---- TRIED AND PROVED! e Li Hong Chang paid a tribute on Saturday to the Sufferers from Or vii. Lumbago, Pike, pl, int, Pisear 3 a Kidneys memory of the late General Gordon, laying wreaths on Pain in the Pe.ck Dropsy. Wind Kid Water Con Pl' Stone. Sciatica. Ilheumatism and Gout will :nadnd Viceroy visited Hatfield, the Marquis of Salisbury giving a his Etitue and his tomb. In the afternoon the ex- B po,itiye ell'P in Holdroyd's Gravel Pille.Try a small bo it not satistie:i your money will be returned. Prices 182,f_A.d:, Of all Chemist 4. or r, it free for 12 sti,mpa, from HOLpHoi, D 8 a great garden party there in his honour. Medical Hall Chetkheaten, Yorks. Sold at 35, Bridge-st , intelligence has reached New Orleans that three Warringtc:i. Don't be put off, if you cannot get them Italians charged with murder were taken out of gaol *rite to 'Lei ii ititicil ii d aI () vi ill be teat next I,oat and lynched at Hahneville. Advt .

===== 0002601_18960815_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

Several members of the Government who have had interviews with Li Hung Chang tell me that whilst asking many questions he carefully refrains from giving expressions to any opinion of his own. When visiting the House of Commons he asked Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Curzon what the gold mace signified and where the members of the Govern- ment sat, but did not say what he thought of stir representative Chamber. In conversation with the Secretary for the Colonies, he sought information as to our colonial system, especially as to how their public affairs are administered, how their govenors are appointed, and upon similar points. During his interview with Mr. Goschen at Portsmouth, the Chinese Envoy not only asked many luestions about the navy, but also seeniel anxious to learn all he could about the control of our national financies, having doubtless heard that the present First Lord of the Almighty formerly held office as Chancellor ot the Exchequer.

Arthur Sewall, the American Democratic nominee for Vice-President, is a shipbuilder in Bath, iMe., where he is one of the wealthiest men in the town. He is a cold,stern man, and is regarded as very aris- tocratic by his neighbours, but he can pick up any tool in his workshop and show a lazy workman how to use it properly. Mrs. Sewall is a very intel- ligent woman, but intensely exclusive; she has the greatest horror of the publicity that has come to their private life through Mr. Sewall's nomina- tion. They have two eons, the elder of whom, Harold M. Sewall,ras appointed United States con- sul at Samoa by President Cleveland, but resigned, and leaving the Democratic Party, went to' the St. Louie Convention.

There will in all probability be a severe contest for the vacant secretaryship of the Amalgamated Society of Engiueers. The suddenness with which the vacancy has been created has caused a good deal of excitement in trade union circles, as the post is looked upon as being one of the most im- portant in the Labour world. Mr. Brereton, Mr. G. N. Barnes, Mr. W. Glennie, and Mr. George Fergu- son, of Glasgow, are already spoken of as candi- dates. Mr. Brereton is an old servant of the society at its head offices. Mr. Barnes fought Mr. Ander- son last year, and Mr. Glennie has previously been a candidate for the secretaryship. He succeeded Mr. Barnes at the head office when that gentleman i resigned his post n order to become a candidate against Mr. John Anderson. Mr. Ferguson is a delegate for the Clyde district, and in that position had the leadership of the engineers when they were locked out last year.

The reception given to Li Hung Chang on Tues- day by the London Chamber ot Commerce at Fish- mongers' Hall passed off pleasantly enough. The fine rooms were decorated with flowers, and the yellow standard of China crossed with the Union Jack was gaily prominent in the entrance hall, on the staircase, and over the seat of honour prepared for the distinguished visitor. The ex-Viceroy's progress citywards was a good deal delayed, and, contrary to custom, his hosts were kept waiting. Half an hour after the appointed time the now familiar Lonsdale chariot of canary colour hove in sight, and the guest of the afternoon entered the great hall amid great clapping of hands and pro- longed claeers, which quite drowned the Chinese hymn played by the artillery musicians. Li Hung Chang was surrounded by his secretaries, his son, and his interpreter, as he sat listening with serene impenetrability to the congratulatory speeches of Sir A. Rollit and Mr. H. Matheson.

His reply, read by Mr. Lo Fing Luh, whose pro- nuniciation of English is singularly resonant and perfect, was punctuated wit!, frequent applause, notably at the passage in which he said that for once he would depart from the usage of statesmen and make a promise. it was impossible not to notice however, that his pledge to do his best to introduce a railway system into the Celestial Empire, without any mention of special privileges to English traders,was "just a little disappointing" to a good many of the listeners, who apparently expected something very explicit indeed from the cautious Ambassador. His concluding remark that one day" London" would recall his fidelity to his promise seemed, however, to give the special point which had been previously missed, and was greeted with loud hurrahs, which the statesman acknow- ledged by rising from his chair and bowing cordi- ally ill every direction.

There. have been mysterious rumours afloat recently as to some startling development likely to create an entirely new and unprecedented difficulty in South Africa. So far as can be ascertained, this relates to a plot attributed to the Boers, at the in• stigation of Germany, to pay raid for raid, and to take the opportunity afforded by the Ifatabele trouble to'crlss the frontier, and, by seizing Mafe- king and Vryburg, aid getting control of the rail- way and our supplies, bring England to her knees, crumple up the Convention of London, and secure the complete independence of the Transvaal. Those who believe in this scheme are able to comfort the incredulous by all manner of complete details, vouched for by undeniable but always vague and anonymous authority. When asked 'why the counter-raid has not yet come off, the facile reply is that the British reinforcements sent out dis- couraged its accomplishment. The probability seems to be that the story is of the three black crows order, and is the extravagant outcome of the excited suspicions with which the Dutch and the settlers in South Africa regard every measure for self-protection.

Mr. Gladstone has almost completed the task of re-arranging his correspondence for biogralmhical purposes. He is still a most indefatigable worker, and sits at his desk for five hours every day. He has gone through the whole of the correspondence that has accumulated for years past. A vast num- ber of letters have been weeded out, but there still remain about sixty thousand missives, all of which are carefully tied up 'in bundles and docketed. In his work Mr. Gladstone has been assisted by Mrs. Drew, who is probably the only person, next to her father, thoroughly acquainted with these materials for the veteran's biography.

The visitors to the Novelty Theatre on Monday night went home little thin-king that they had been spectators of a real tragedy, and that the villian of the piece, the handsome Spaniard, had been stabbed to the heart by the Creole just before the curtain fell. There seems to be no doubt that the affair was a pure mischance. The villian had to be stabbed at the end of the piece, and unfortunately the actor played his part only too well. According to some reports it was the failure of the spring in the dagger that caused the accident. But the in- spector, who produced the weapon in court—a real dauger, not a property affair—snid there was no spring, and the blade was firmly fired in the socket. As to the rights of this, we must await furtt er in- quiry. As the poor fellow lay on the stage a brother actor, who saw that an accident had hap- pened, milled the blade out of his breast and asked him if it was all right. "Yes," said the brave man, "don't worry." The curtain had to be raised again for a few seconds, and it would seem that the dying actor remembered this, and heroically refut;ed to make a fuse. When it fell for the last time all was over.

There is the best reason for believing that since his arrival in London on leave of absence Sir Julian Pauncefote has discussed at length with Lord Salisbury the position of affairs in Cuba. Indeed, facts which have come to my knowledge warrant the statement that his Excellency was the bearer of communications, both verbal and otherwise, from the authorities in Washington affecting the future government of the island, and particularly impress- ing upon the British Government the necessity for diplomatic representation with a view to the early termination of the struggle between the Spaniards and the Cubans. It is safe to say, however, that the proposal does not meet with be approval of the Cabinet.

Some idea of the condition of affairs in Bechuana- land may be gathered from a communication received from the Rev. J. Good, of the London Mis- sionary Society at Kanye. He says that the ruder- pest has produced a fearful state of things. Upwards of 2,000 carcases of oxen lie on the veldt round his house; and'about 30,000 bead of cattle belonging to the tribe to which he ministers have died.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY AUGUST 15. 1896

Mainly owing to the influence of the late Sir John Cowell, Master of the Household, the installation of the electric light was brought to Osborne, in 1893, and no- where is it seen to better advantage than in the magni- ficent Durbar Room where the illumination enhances the delicate Indian decoration. The engine used for the system is about twent-F-two horse power, and is housed in a building at the east entrance of the Palace. Along- side ef the engine house, is the accumulator room, filled with glass cella,which are charged during the day, and diatributed at night. The Queen, however,fer her own •personal use objects to the electric light,and still prefers candles and oil lamps. Possible burglars seem to be the one great terror of Madame Patti's life, at Craig-y-nos Castle, her beautiful South Wales residence. All the window shutters are fitted with electrie bells, which start ringing at the slightest touch, while by the same machinery a gun is fired and a number of fierce dogs are let loose in the grounds. Up till now this unique system of warning has never been called into play, the nearest approach to a night alarm being on the occasion of the visit of a well known journalist, who feeling in need of more air threw open his windon at 2 a.m. There was then a demon- stration worthy of a comic opera. Apropos of burglars, those of us who indulge in sea bathing will do well to dispense with valuables when setting forth in search of a machine or tent, or our morn- ing dip. Only last week a friend of mine, on returning to her own particular tent found that her valuable watch and chain, a pocket-book containing bank notes to the value of ten pounds and two handsome rings, had been stolen. The inconsiderate thief had also removed my friend's garments with the exception of her shoes and hat, and she had to proceed to her hotel clad in a bath- ing dress and a cloak extemporised out of bath towels. The light fingered fraternity, who regard the holiday season as their own particular harvest time, are not slow to take advantage anywhere of the general faith of humanity in the honestY of its fellow creatures, and there is very little doubt that it is far wiser to leave all valuables at home or in safe keeping, when starting for a seaside or country holiday. Although in private lite Americans are not in the habit of indulging in hand-shaking more than other nations do, the practice of shaking hands with states- men, public characters, and their wives, amounts to a positive mania. Mrs. Cleveland, the wife of the Ameri- can President, can now shake hands with 5,000 people in two hours and feel the freshest woman in the company when all is done, hut her sufferings at her first recep- tions at the White House, as grar hically described by the pens of a thousand sympathetic journalists, were enough to melt the heart of the most uncompromising foe of Republican institutions. Mrs. Cleveland's secret is, that she grasps the outstretched hand and gives the initiative hand-shake. The plan of shaking each hand herself, and never allowing anyone to shake her hand results in far less fatigue than if she reversed the order. The two ladies who received with her at the last gather- ing in the White House were not coached in this respect, and it was noticeable that great fatigue was experienced by them from the strain of the two hours' hand-shaking. It is really somev hat strange that no ineenious person has thought of obviating this difficulty by mechanical means. A hand-shaking machine, behind which the statesman and his wife could stand and look happy, while their admirers filed past them, and exerted their strength on the automatic hand shaker, would appar- ently be a much appreciated invention among ourH American cousins. I Few of us, as we take our walks abroad, can fail to notice the increase in the number of women with auburn or Titian-hued hair, and the decrease in the number of those who wear golden locks. The craze for peroxide of hydrogen is more than on the wane, but the demand for henna is so great that while none, or next to none, was imported a couple of years ago, thousands of pounds worth is now brought annually to this country. Indeed, so generally have chorus girls gone in for red hair, that one of our theatrical managers told me the other day, that nearly every woman who has of late, applied to him far an engagement, boasts of heir of the " sunset tint." By the way, those of my readers who are not already acquainted with the feet, 'nay be interested to know that many of the most lovely women of classical and modern renown, were women with hair of some shade of red—Helen of Troy, Cleopatra, Marie Stewart, Queen Elizabeth, Annie of Austria and others. Golf capes this season show no new departure, except that the shoulder dart is rather more frequently in evi- dence. Despite the growing demand for plain self colours, there is the most fascinating selection of n. utral browns and greys; while for seAside and country wear red brown reversible tweed, plaided on the inside, is most serviceable and eftective. Collars this autumn will not be worn so high as they have been,they are to roll over and not stand straight up to the ears unless they are of the m isculine coat pattern Strappings, braid, and buttons, are the recognised trim- ming of all simple cloth coats and capes, with a little velvet facing for the collar. Fancy huttonr will not be used for cloth garments, they will be either of bone or pearl, very large or quite small. Leather bound skirts are dying out,partly on account of the difficulty in procuring the leather ready cut into strips and the trouble of mounting, and party owing to the fact that unless boots of a particularly strong and durable kind are worn with these skirts,the two leathers are apt to disagree,and display signs of the friction which is inevitable. Experience has taught me that with a gown of suitable length,viz., three or four inches off the ground,a good braid or velvet binding answers all the purpose, and is much more easily renewed. The newest felt hats for eutumn wear possess high crowns of sugar loaf shape. They are decidedly becom- ing, exrept perhaps to tall girls ; who by the way are more abundant than ever. A recent critic complained tbhaahti yl i tt thl ies hwandmhearirpheanded.. bg eo criaeunque t to ain io gfircetatnexatne dn tptrhoe- little woman has "gone out "in real life. So much the

better, for though in stories there is something fascinat- ing in tlas heroine's bird-like fluttering', in her nestling timidly lb the hero's protecting arms.the charming fa ry was apt to become an invalid in mature life and spend half her time upon the sofa. The woman who reclines cn a sofa has also vanished from fiction, a least as an in- teresting and attractive character, and to die of con- sumption is no longer romantic. Health is in fashion. VEGETABLE MARROW PRESERVS is delicious—Peel some good sound marrows,carefulty remove all seed and pulp, cut them up into neat dice about one inch square, weigh them, and allow one pound of sugar to each pound of fruit. Place the sugar and fruit in a.basin, and leave it all night, Next day turn into a presetving pan, and boil till the pieces are transparent. Flavor either with ginger cut in small pieces, or with some lemon juice and a little of the thinly-pared rind cut into tiny strips. Great care must be taken not to mash up the dice when stirring. To ascertain when it is cooked enough, try a little on a plate, if the syrup sets then it is ready—Be careful that it does not boil fast or the syrup will cry- stallise.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18960815_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE.

I should like to tell you of a lovely dress which I saw a day or two ago. It was of white Louis Seize silk, strewn with wreaths of tiny flowers in delicate tints, caught with little slender bows of palest blue. The skirt had a waved line of white quilled chiffon about a quarter of a yard above the hem, caught up with bows of palest blue velvet baby ribbon, wired and twisted to correspond with its pretty little prototypes in the design. The coat-shaped bodice had a basque almost devoid of fulness, and cut away somewhat in front. The vest was of fold after fold of pale blue chiffon, embroidered all over with Louis Seize bows in silver, and a sash of pale blue miroir velvet was fastened lightly to one side of the waist with a bow in fine old paste. The coat was simply rolled back very little, and showed a white satin lining edged with silver cord.

In regard to headgear fashion is ever changing. Perhaps you would like a hint as to a cycling hat. One of the neatest I have seen was of natural straw. with the crown raised at the back. It had a black velvet band and bow at the right side, with a black chiffon bow and black osprey at the left. For ordinary wear a beautiful toque is of pale sea-green rush straw, with a sunk crown of ivory satin over- laid with horsehair guipure; the trimming is a couple of black clliffon rosettes on either side of the front peak, crush roses shading from white through green to lemon yellow, which rest on the hair at the back, and a bunch of black tips with a curling white osprey at one side. As a fine-weather alternative to the toque is a picture hat of butter- cup straw, trimmed with a draping of old lace, a wreath of pink roses, an upstanding ruche of black chiffon spotted with white, and high bows of white ribbon with graduated pink satin stripe. Poppey- coloured hats are much in vogue, heavily trimmed, and all bearing the new bunched quills.

Of blouses there are some really lovely f10we1.,.; muslin specimens to be had just now. One ti,at particularly struck my taste was a creamy muslin with pink rosebuds ani green foliage; it was decorated with broad butter-coloured Valenciennes lace. I must tell you, too, of an exquisitely fitting blouse bodice of ivory glace silk with pale maize and narrow black stripe, flowered with pale blue. This was slightly full in the back, but drawn closely down with a simulated Swiss belt, edged with inch-wide maize ribbon. The front had short Eton fronts, and a double vest, one of these pouched and of the silk, the inner one of chiffon and real lace. This was worn over a skirt of ivory alpaca mounted on maize silk, with a narrow appliqm-S border of pale blue cloth embroidered in black and ecru. - - _ - -

----- ..._. For those who wear black or dark colours, the short zouave of guipure is a particularly useful and dainty addition, and more especially so when clever fingers bring out the leading scrolls with a tracery of bead and add jewels or sequins to the central patterns.

You mentiee a chi! rs dea.s, and I quite appre- ciate the desci 9 u i VG' inc. One I saw the other day was a white sertie frock ornamented with white braid. The deep white linen collar is edged with lace, and the sash is white, or whatever soft bright colour may best suit the little wearer. Considering the changeable nature of the weather recently I am told to remark to you that a good waterproof should be a cherished possession with every Englishwoman," and more especially when she is going on her travels, for in our delightful climate it is never safe to leave home even for one week without being prepared for all sorts of weather. There is no need for a waterproof to be the ugly, unbecoming garment one so often.sees, nor for it to be made of malodorous mackintosh, for by the famous Cravenette process, any cloth is rendered completely waterproof without injury to the texture, and without imparting the least suspicion of a disagreeable odour, for rubber does not enter into the composition of the proofing fluid. Believe me, as ever, Your loving JENNISI

fo 4 i 1 .17 , - AP

z • ~,,,,, ,-"- • •.% a...v / 0 • c, • / - ' * -14-. cc . , A/ n /,-- ~,...1/444, ‘...,....../..!..„-......... ..... ? „4.-- • \ ' - i.i.----.1.'',4-..-9-1---',l/ - .... - - ~ A.' ._ , - 4. ;:-.-..:7 \. .0` .. ",', .i •;, ' ---- ..: .. , •'-'7. -ALV *-,. 'IIV I'll: .ii:t " 1-g.,4„: -.: : •,.,- . ..• ?//:, .• 1 , ~r:/:, . ,x,t9i,g,%,. ';',l, '- ' '-. '7l\ :./i 1 , • wr?..... .•, ; -.- •!. 73\ ".;./i/z// - - ~..___••• ; „4,4 ...._ • ...,,, • ~,,„▪ ~ , ~ /2 . / , -2.- /,,,,,,;,,,,,; • A,./..;v;%;/ "-- • ', p, . /,

M.-'. ':.•.; • T. . r T ...".& 44 ' -----V-i•---.- .g.\-_- ' ~.;,_W • A tiig''' ' • -%/ I• /// .... N. • - ' t • .-:-:----.-----: k.f, \ •, f,, _-_-_-----_-_-_-_. „...,. .1 1 --, -- - . .-, 11111', '4"11111/141111, ,` ; -11111.1 iii „ . L. 'i .. .• ' .ii.ty, ,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Duff House,Banffshire,where the Duke and Duchess of Fife are spending a few weeks before proceeding to the Upper Deeside for the shooting season, is a stately house which was built early in the reign of George 111., in imitation of the Villa Borghese. It is within a short dis- tance of the sea, and has fine gardens and an exten- sive and richly wooded demense,which is intersected by the river Deveron, and contains one of the best collec- tions of pictures in the North of Scotland, besides a valu- able library.

Speakin4 of Scot.land reminds me of the bagpipes, and a young woman who resides in California. It appears she is only eighteen years of age, that she is of Scottish stock, and is a slightly built maiden, but " she carries herself with the proverbial stateliness of the piper, and marches to the tune she plays." Moreover she has be- come such an adept of the art that she is " sought all along the coast, to give colour to the gatherings of the men from Burns' land." It is not often we hesr of mem- bers of our sex devoting themselves to a practical study of the bagpipe, but pos ibly this new idea will open out a field of employment for Scotch lassics who find the problem of bow to earn their own living, a difficult one to solve.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
GRIM STORY OF A HOSPITAL FAILURE.

A representative of the "South Bucks Standard "re- cently visited Paul's-row, High Wycombe, to investigate an alleged extraordinary escape from death. Mr. and Mrs. Gray, one of whose daughters was the, subject of the rumour, gave authentic information. "What was the cause of your daughter's danger,Mrs.

Gray ? " " For quite eight years," replied the muther, " she has been a sufferer frnm swellings in the legs and feet, fearful attacks of palpitation at the heart, and weari- ness—dreadful weariness. We have had her laid up for three months at a time, and have taken her to St. George's Hospital in London. When we got there—poor girl—they told us it was useless to go into any hospital. They said she might as well stay at home, for they could do her no good. Other doctors attended her, but she found no relief. You could not see the shape of her ankles nor her toes at all, her feet were so swollen. After great suffering, we bought her somelof Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People."

"How did you come to hear of these ?" "It was my husband who first beard of them. He read in the paper about a case something similar that had been miraculously cured by them."

" How long ago was it when you first had the. Pills ?"

"Just before Wycombe Fair last year," replied Mrs. Gray. "She has gone six weeks and could not get on her feet at all. The neighbours all said it was impossible for her to live, she was dropsical. The doctors said there was no cure. She has never had a day in bed ever since we obtained Dr. Williams' Pills. They have done what no doctor could do. I could not explain to you, sir, hew thankful we are for the Pills. She bad to be fed like 'a bad.'

Miss Gray is now in splendid health, thanks to the tonic virtue of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which cure not only cases like the above, but locomotor ataxy, sciatica, palpitations,low vitalitv,consumption, and the disorders which arise from impoverished blood, such as antemia, pale and sallow complexion, weakness, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the baA,nervous headache, early decay, all forms of female weakness, and wasting strength from any cause. These Pills are sold by chemists and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn viaduct, London, EC., at 2s. 9d. a box, or six for 13s. 9d. Genuine only with the full name. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People : pink pills sold out of glass jars are not Dr. Williams'

Terrific heat prevailed in the United States on Sunday seventy persons dying of sunstroke and heat apoplexy in New York and the neighbcurhood. Many more deaths are recorded elsewhere.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIDDEN HAND;

O.A.PITOLA THE MADCAP. BY MU& E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH.

OFIAPTXR LXI.

" THERE SHALL BE LIGHT AT THE EVENTIDE." Holy Bible. "They shall be blessed exceedingly; their store Grow daily, weekly more and more, Arid peace so multiply around. Their very hearth seems holy ground." —MARY HOWITT.

The marriage of Capitols and Herbert, and that of Clara and of Traverse, was fixed to take place upon the first of August, which was the twenty- first birthday of the doctor's daughter, and also the twenty-fifth anniversary of the wedding of Ira Warfleld and Marsh Rocks. German husbands and wives have a beautiful custom of keeping the twenty-fifth anniversary of their marriage by a festival which they call the " Silver Wedding." And thus Major Warfield and Marsh resolved to keep this first of August, and farther to honour the occasion by uniting the hands of their younz people. There was but one cloud upon the happiness of "Capitola ; this was the approaching execution of Black Donald. No one else seemed to care about the matter, untit a circumstance occurred which painfully aroused their interest.

This was the fact that the Governor, through the solicitation of certain ministers of the gospel, who represented the condemned as utterly unprepared to meet his fate, had respited him until the first of August, at which time he wished the prisoner to be made to understand that his sentence would cer- tainly, without farther delay, be carried into effect. This carried a sort of consternation into the heart of every member of the ITurricane Hall household The idea of Black Donald being hung in their Immediate neighbourhood upon their wedding day was appalling! Yet there was no help for it, unless their wedding was postponed to another occasion than that upon which 01(1 Hurricane had set his heart. No one knew what to do.

Cap fretted herself almost sick. She bad cudgelled her brains to no purpose. She had not been at t to think of any plan by which she c,ouli deliver Blick Donald. Meantime the last days of July were rapidly passing away. Black Donal in the condemned cell maintained his firmness, resolutely asserting his innocence of any capitil crime, and persistently refusing to give up his band. As a list motive of confession, the paper written by Gabriel he Noir upon his death-bed was shown him. He laughed a loud, crackling laugh, and said that was all true, but that he, for his part, never had in tended to harm a hair of Capitt it's head; that, he had taken a fancy to the girl when he had first seen her, and had only wanted to carry her off and fence her into a marriage with himself; that he had pretended to consent to her death only for the purpose of saving her life. When Cap heard this she burst into tears, and said she believed it was tine

The night before the wedding of Capitola and Herbert, and Clara and Traverte, and of the execu- tion ef Black Donald, came.

At Hurricane Hall, the two prospective bride- grooms were busy with 0:d Hurticane over some papers that had to be prepared in the library. The two intended brides were engaged, under the direction of Mrs. Wardeld, in her dressing room, consulting over certain proprieties of the approach- ing festival. But C4pitola could give only a half attention to the discussion. Her thoughts were with the poor condemned man who was to die the teat day.

And suddenly she flew out of the room, summoned her groom, mounted her horse, and rode away. In his condemned cell Back D3nald was bitterly realis ng how unprepared Le was to die, and how utterly impossible it was for him to prepare in the short hours left. He tried to pray, but could form to other petition than that he might be allowed, if postale, little longer to fit himself to meet his Creator. From his cell he could hear the striking of the great clock in the prison ball. And as every hour stilL:,k, it seemed, "a nail driven in his coffin."

At eight o'clock that night the warden stt in his little efliee, consulting the sheriff about some details of the approaching execution. While they were still in diseu:sion, a turnkey opened the door. saying: • "A lady to see the warden."

And Capitola stood before them "Miss Black I" ( 3u;laimed both sheriff and warden, rising in surprise, gbzing upon our heroine, and addressing her by the name uuder which they had first known her.

"Yes, gentlemen, it is I. The truth is, I cannot rest to-night without saying a few words of comfort to the poor man who is to die to-morrow. So I came hither, attended by my groom, to know if I may see him for a few minutes." "Miss Black, here is the sheriff. It is just as he pleases. My orders were so strict that had you come to me alone I should have been obliged to refuse yon." "Mr. KP.epe, yov, will not refuse me," said Capitola turning to the sheriff. Miss Black, my rule is to admit no one but the officers of the prison and the ministers of the gospel, to see the condemned This we have been obliged to observe a. a measure of safety. This convict, as you are aware, is a man of consummate cunning, so that it is really wonderful he has not found means to make his escape, closely as he has been watched and strongly as he has been guarded."

"Al 3 but Mr. Keep% his cunning was no match for mine, you know I" said Capitola, smiling. " Ha-ha-ha I so it was not! You took him ibry cleverly, indeed I In fact, if it had not been for you, I doubt if ever we should have captured Black Donald at all. The authorities are entirely indebted to you for the captute of this notorious outlaw. And really that being the case, I do think it would be straining a poidt to refuse you admittance to see him! So, Miss Black, you have my authority for visiting the condemned man in his cell and giving him all the comfort you can. I would attend you thither myself, but I have got to go to see the cap- tain of a militia comploy to be on the scene of action to-morrow," said the sheriff, who soon after to, k leave of tbft warden and departed. The warden then called a turnkey and ordered him to attend Miss Black to the condemned cell. The young turnkey took up a lamp and a great key and walked before, leading the way down stairs to a cell in the interior of the basement, occupied by 1311.7,k Donald. He urd ickel the door, admitted Capitol; and then whlged off to the extremity of the lobby, as he was accustomed to do when he let in the preachers. Capitcll. thanked heaven for this chance, for had he not done so she would have had to invent some exeese of getting rid of him. St-le entered the ct 11. It was very dimly lighted fr,,ni the great lamp thathung in the loony, nearly opposite the cell door. Br its light she saw Black Danall, not only tipu; irored but confined by a chain and staple to the w<di. lie was v, r p.,1 and haggard from long imp-isonmeut and gre,it anxiety. •p's heart bled for the poor banned and blighted out I.tw, who had not a friend in the world to speak a kind word to him in his trouble. Ile also recognised her, and rising and coming to met,t, her as far as the length of the chain would p, ; tat, he held out his hand and said : '•I am very glad you have come. little one; it is very kind of you to come and see a pler fellow in los extremity! You are the first female that has in my cell since my imprisonment. Think of that child! I wanted to see you, too; I wanted to to you yourself again, that I never was guilty of murder, and that 1 onl • seemed to consent to yoor death to save your life! Do you believe this? —On the word of a dying nytn it is the truth! " I do believe you, Donald r. .Ly ne," said Oapitola, in a broken voice. • "I hear that you have come into your estate! _ _ _

am glad of it. And they tell me that you are going to be married to-morrow! Well! God luless YOU, one 1"

"Ob, Thnald Bayne! Can you say God blt3ss me, when it was I who put you here V" "Tat, child, we outlaw 3 bear no malice! Spite is a civilised vice! Jr w ,s a fair contest, child, and sou corquered 1 It's well you did! Give me your hand in good will, since I must die to-morrow 1" Oapitola gave her hand, and while he held it, she stooped and said:

1' Donald I have done everything in the world to save your life!

"1 know you have, child. May yours be long and br.ppv."

i, may your life be longer and better than you think. I have tried all other means of saving you in vain ; there is but one means left."

The fim'ltvr started violently, exclaiming: "is TIILRE ONE?'

" Doualei, yo 1 there is! I brin7 you the means of deliverance and escape. Heaven knows whether I am doing right—for I do not. I know many people would blame me very much, but I hope that He who forgave the thief upon the cross and the sinful woman at His feet,' vtill not condemn me for f2llowing Hiq own compassionate example. For

Donald, -as / was the person whom you injured most of all others, so I consider that / of all others have the beet right to pardon you and set you free. Oh, Donald! use well the life I am about to give you, else I shall be chargeable with every future sin you commit! "In the name of mercy do not hold out a false hope. I had nerved myself to die." "But you were not prepared to meet your Maker. Oh, Donald! I hold out no false hope! Listen, for I must speak low and quick—l could never be happy again, if, on my wedding day, you should die a felon's death! Here here are tools with the use of which you must be acquainted, for they were found in the woods near the Hidden House! " said Capitola, producing from her pockets a burglar's lock-pick, saw, chisel, file, etc. Black Donald seized them as a famished wolf might seize his prey. "WILL they do 2' inquired Capitola, in breathless anxiety. " Yee ! yes yes! I can We off my irons, pick every lock, drive back every bolt, and dislodge every bar between myself and freedom with these instru- ments I But, child, there is one thing you have forgotten: suppose a turnkey or a guard should stop me 7—you have brought me no revolver 1" Capitola turned pale. " D maid, I could easily have brought you a re- volver; but I would not, no, even to save you from to-morrow's death. No, Donald! no! I give you the means of freeing yourself, if you can do it, as you may, without bloodshed. But, Donald though your life is not justly forfeited, your liberty is, and so I cannot give you the meana of taking Au one's life for the sake of saving your own." " You are right," said the outlaw. "Listen, further, Donald. Here are a thousand dollars. I thought never to take it from the bank, for I would never have used the price of blood. Bat I drew it to-day for you. Take it—it will help you to live a better life. When you have picked your way out of this place, go to the great elm tree at the back of the old mill, and you will find my horse, Gyp, whom I shall have tied there. He is very swift—mount him and ride for your life to the nearest seaport, and so escape to some foreign country. And oh! try to lead a good life, and may God redeem you, Donald Bayne! There! conceal your tools and money quickly, for I hear the guard corning. Good-bye; and again—God redeem you, Donald B iyne 1" "God bless you, brave and tender girl! And God forsake me if I do not heed your advice 1' said the outlaw, pressing the hand she gave him, while the tears rushed to his eyes. The guard approached, Capitola turned to meet him. They left the cell together, and Black Donald was locked in for the last time.

"0, I hope, I pray that he may get off 0, what shall Idoif he doesn't How can I enjoy my wed- ding to-morrow! how can I bear the music, and the dancing, and the rejoicing, when I know that a fellow creature is in such a strait! Oh! Lord grant that Black Donald may get clear off to-night, for he isn't fit to die l" said Cap to herself as she hurried out of the prison. Her young groom was waiting for her, and she mounted her horse and rode until they got to the old haunte4 church at the end of the village, when, drawing rein, sic said: Jam, I am very tired. I will wait here, and you must just tide back to the village, to Mr. Cassell's livery stable, and get a gig, and put your horse into it, and come back here to drive rae home, for I can- not ride."

,Irm, who never questioned his imperious Eta° nii,tress's orders, rode off at or,ce to do her bidding. Cap im•nediAely dismounted limn her pony, and led him under the deep shadows of the elm tree, when she fastened him. Then taking his face between her hands, and looking him in the eyes, she said :

"Gyp, my son, you and I have had many a frolic together, but we've got to part now! 'it almost breaks my heart, Gyp, but it is to save a fellow creature's life, and it can't be helped He'll treat you well, for my sake, dear Gyp. Gyp! he'll p:,rt with his /iP sooner than sell you! Good-bye dear, dear Gyp!' Gyp took all these caresses in a very nonchalant manner, only snorting and pawing in reply. Presently the boy came back, with the gig. Cap once more hugged Gyp about the neck, pressed her cheek against his mane, and with a whispered "Good-bye, dear Gyp," sprang into the gig, and ordered the boy to drive liorne. "An' leab the pony, Miss?" "Oh yes, for the present; everybody knows Gyp, —no one will steal him. I have left him length of line enough to move around a little and eat grass, drink from the brook, or lie down. You can come after him early to-morrow morning." The little groom thought this a queer arrange- ment, but he was not in the habit of criticising his young mistress's actions. Oupitola got home to a late supper, and to the anxious inquiries of her friends she replied that she had been to the prison to take leave of Black Donald, and begged that they would not pursue so painful a subject. And, in respect to Cap's sympathies, they changed the conversation.

That night the remnant of Black Donald's band were assembled in their first old haunt, the Old Road Inn. They had met for a two-fold purpose— to bury their old matron, Mother Raven, who, since the death of her patron and the apprehension of her Captain, had returned to the inn to die—and to bewail the fate of their leader, whose execution was expected to come off the next day. The men laid the poor old woman in her wood- land grave, and assembled in the kitchen to keep a death watch in sympathy with their " unfortunatee Captain. They gathered around the table, an foaming mugs of ale were freely quaffed, for "soirow's dry" they said. But neither laugh, song, nor jest attended their draughts. They were to keep that night's vigil in honour of their Captain, and then were to disband and separate for ever. Suddenly, in the midst of their heavy grief and utter silence, a familiar sound was heard—a ring- ing footstep under the back windows. And every man leaped to his feet, with looks Of wild delight and questioning. And the next instant the door wits flung wide open, and the outlaw chief stood among them! Hal' leaped forward and flung hiniself around Black Donald's neck, exclaiming— "lt's you I it's you I it'd you! my dear! my dar- ling! my 'adored I my sweetheart my prince! my lord; my king! my dear, dear Captain l' Steve, the lazy mulatto, rolled down upon the floor at his master's feet, and embraced thena in silence.

While Demon Dick growled forth— "How the foul fiend did you get out 7" And the anxious faces of all the other men silently repeated the question, "Not by any help of yours, boys I But don't think I reproach you, lads! Well I know that you could do nothing on ear; .h to save me! No one on earth could have help,xl me except the one who really freed me—Capitola!" "Tbat girl again 1" exclaimed Hal', in the extrem- ity of wonder. Steve stopped rolling and curling himself around the feet ot his master, and gazed up in stupid astoniehment. "It's to be h( pad, then, you've got her at last, Captain," said Demon Dick. "No—Heaven bless her I—she's in better hands. Now listen, lads, for I must talk fast 1 I have already lost a great deal too much time. I went first te the cave in the Punch Bowl, and not finding you there, came here at a venture, where I am happy to meet you for the last time—for to-Bight' we disband forever!" " 'Twas our intention, Captain," said Hal', in a melancholy voice. Black Donald than threw himself into a seat at the head of the table, poured out a mug of ale, and invited his band to pledge him. They gathered around the table, filled their mugs, pledged him standing, and then resumed their seats to listen to the last words of their chief. Black Donald commenced and related the man- ner of his deliverance by Capitola.; and then taking from his bosom a bag of gold, he poured it upon the table and divided it into two equal portions. one of which he handed to "Headlong Mal'," saying.— "There, Hal', take that and divide it among your companions, and scatter to distant parts of the country, where you may yet have a chance of earn- ing an honest livelihood As for me I shall have to quit the country altogether, and it will take nearly half this sum to enable me to do it. Now I shall have not a minute more to give you! So once more pledge your Captain and away 1" Toe men filled their mugs, rose to their feet, and pledged their leader in a parting toast, and then— " Good luck to you all!" exclaimed Black Donald, waving his hat thrice above his head with a vale- dictory hurrah. And the next minute he was gone That night, if any watchman had been on guard near the stables of Hurricane Hall, he might have seen a tall man mounted up9n Capitola's pony, ride up in hot haste, aismount and pick the stable lock, take G., p by the bridle anti lead him in. and presently return leading out Fleetfoot, Old Hurri- cane's rao r, upon which he mounted and rode away. The next morning. while Capitola was dressing.

her groom rapped at the door and, in great diatagt begz6d that he might speak to Miss Cap 01 Iniuute.

" Well, what is it, Jem ?" 02, Miss Cap, you'll ki:l me I I done been rt up long atore day and gone to Tip Top rter GYPi but somer,ody done been stole him away afore got there 1" "Thank Heaven I" cried Capitols, to little Jeall unspeakable arnPamuent. For to Capitols the absence of her horse meant just the escape of Ole° Donald!

The next minute Cap sighed and said: "Poor Gyp! I.shall never bee you again r

That was all he knew of the future! That morning while they were 811 at breakfast. 11. groom from the stable came in, with a little c.3°116.. bag in his hand, which he laid, with a bow, Wo'. his master. Major Warfield took it up; it was full of geli3' aro tmon one side was written, in red chalk : " Three hundred do?lars, to pay for Fleetfo°4 Black _Donald, Reformed Robber." Wutie thu riurricane was reading this inscriptioe, the groom said that Fleetfoot was missing trove _AO stall, and that Miss Cap's pony, that was suppne7 to have been stolen, was found in his place, wit this bag of gold tied around his neck! "It is Black Donald! he has escaped I" cried Ola Hurricane, about to fling himself into a rage, will his furious eyes encountered the gentle gaze ee Marah, that fell like oil on the waves of his teas paesion. "Let him go! I'll not storm on my silver Wed' ding day," said Major Warfield. As for Cap, her eyes danced with delight; only little clouds upon her bright pity were rex:nave; Black Donald had escaped to coihmence aheti' life, and Gyp was restored •That evening a magnificent, old-fashioned wed- ding came off at Hurricane Hall. The double oeremony was performed by te bishop of the diocese (then on a visit to the neigh bourhood), in the great saloon of Hurricane Hal 1,1! the presence of as large and splendid an aasensb,v as could be gathered together from that men° neiehbourhood. Tae two bride-, of oonrse, were lovely in will° satin and honiton lace, pearls and orange flowers; Equally, of course, the bridegrooms were haSs' some and elegant, proud and hippy. To this cud-fashioned wedding succeeded a roned of dinners and evening parties given by the weddieg guests. And when all these old-time customs hs been observed for the satisfaction of old friends' the bridal party went upon the new-fashioned tour, for their OWD delight. Ihey spent a year in travel' Hug over the E aiiern Centinent, and then returneJ home to se,tle upon their petrimorial estetes. 111,jor Wrfield and M trail live at H )rricars E. el, and as his heart is eatistied and at rest, blie temper is gradually improving, Ai the lion 810" Le led by the little child, Oil Heiricane is led till the gentlest woman that ever loved or suffered, seci, she is leading him in his old age to the Savionfi' feet. Clara and Traverse liV 3 at Willow Heights, whil has been repaired, eniargal and improved, se where Traesrs 3 has already an extensive practice, and where both endeavour to emulate the enligbt. ened goodness of the sainted Dec or D iy. Cep and Herbert., with Mr.'. Le Noir, live at thhe Hidden House, which has been turned by wealt,Ps and taste into a dwelling of .ieht and beauty. the bravest are always the geutlest, so the rnesci high-spirited are always the most forgiving. Mil thus the weak or wicked old Dorcas Keight itlet finds a home under the roof of Mi s. Le Noir. only retribution being the very iii I one of have her relations changed in the fact that her ternperelJ prisoner is now her mistress and sovereign lady. r I wish I could say "they all lise.d. happy °ea after." But the truth is, I have reason to that even Clara had sometimes eceasion administer to Doctor Reese.° iu rifled curtal lec urea; which no doubt did him i4oncl. And know for a positive facr, that our Cap sometlt gives her "dear, darling, sweet lI,A-hert," Donee° of the sharp edge of her tongue, whioh of course deßPrves. But notwithstanding all this, I am h-rp.l t 0 11 that they ad eejey a far amount ut etneen

THE EZ,T D.

The number of newspapers published il6lloot woi hi is estimated at 41/uOO. Oi these :2-t, appi,ur in Europe. Cot-mai:3,, beads the list ,11th 5,500 ; then comes Fran,:e with 4,100, Britain "ith 4,000, Austria-Hungary n 1 3,500, Italy g. a 1,401 Spain with SSU, Biissis, si liS with 450, Belgium ant lolland with 300 ,s'-'l4 the remainder in the smaller countries. haleSt SLTUHT MISTAKE IN EXPRES'4ION. " old farmer once, addressinir asel audienCe - Mul hogse on temperance, confessed that he had been drinker. " But, my friends," said he, in copelusi°ll/ "I never drank to success."

HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 'fIIIARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 122, BRIDGE STREO 122, BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STREST. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is a Bona-fie Cl EARANCE SALE of about 50 /I°l Class Dissinetts, now offered under cost pries to clest' COME EARLY AND CHOOSE. FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP,S,

122, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON. THE PLAGUE OF LIO

_ A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A "Little Cough." THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Cough." ,g Of Which may be CURED now by tha IMMEDIATA il.' Lu" RESTORER FOR INFLUENZA '- ITALL'3 Registel ei AND AT4. CEI ESpitoiAf LUNG AND Tillio "- RESTORER CONIPLAINTS•4OS Never Fails. It POSSESSES Tag p 0 p 3 LUNG to SOOTHE, HELIE 1r RESTORER HEAL, which exists n" other preparation. LUNG ESTORER. CO p Fon COUGHS S• : OR ,3111)01 I t) Never Fails. It NEVER FA LS TO ... LUNG INSTANT REM' RESTORER. Tint FIRST DOSg for IS A SOOTHING lc V" LIME TO THE C1:114'-' RESTORER. INDUCES SLEEP Calm and refreshing' TAI4 LUNG nN`. ESTORER DOES NOT C-c,-„, of R Never Fails. LAUDANUN. LUNG MORPHIA. RESTORER. FOR WHOOPING 00 c 0 4 a-, 40 LUNG IT AC VS LIKE A u" RESTORER, Children like it. ONE , Never Fails. 131 13001" HALL'S LUNG RESTORER PROVES ITS VAL;O9 Registered ESTABLISHED 40 GIV-S INSTANT NEVER NE?: RELIEF. FALLS. sculOg. EXTRACT FROM LErTER 010 WITNESS Mss M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydore•sof a To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—" HEAR SIIL—I sin P LUSO testify to the great benefit derive.) from the use of yociro 0 RhSTOREff, which I have given to several Cl-11%.011°0 Borne—in two cases particularly its eff,cts were In,ted haviog cured most obstinste Coughs. I shall be recommend it to all my friends. /1000 CA [MON.—When you ask, ask for a Bottle of aatkoe LUNG RESTORER, d, n't be pursualed to accel, e info else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genLlgtiAt appears my Trade Mark (the figure of tior.v) and tie Bew :re of fraudulent imitations and innovation .„ 130toiff' Soid by Chemists and St.)res everywhere, ir ol) tpe is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any diaiculty irol or ,t, ing it will be sent carriage paid, on rer.eipt of P.Oi. ii amount, from THOMAS HALL, 24. Queen Vie° London.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

vti Ala 17,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL MEN ARE LIARS.

Sl;riTes a Poplar Author. N so bid as that I hope. although I must admit some 'Leh are wick, liars ; in fact, it's only by accident they Cr !Teak the truth. It is not a lie when Gersh-la, the iPlversal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street ; • 19, and 21, Hiltou-street. Manchester, states that he LeTer attempts to put before the public common new London r•di; rubhi-h, more like orange boxes, for high-class `4lBond•hand ; It is net a lie when Gershon states that he tver attempts to trespass upon his neighbour's business • sh.aild he? It only causes a bad feeling. Gershon's is live and let live. He sticks to the one thing he "Ilderstands, namely, furnishing. If you can't furnish with bun that understands his business, you cannot do so with 4'en that don't. Gershon has for year. cautioned the pubic Ll4Hlst buying oommon new London furniture for second u4nd, and he a till does so. However distasteful it may be to • era. Gershon still takes hi; stand upon the rock of I,,"•ohesty and Justice," which are Ihe guiding principles of 'III; business, and ,rom v.hich precepts time nor tide will t,tlst him to recede

TFRMS OF BUSINESS. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUST,IMERS. GOOD STORED FREE TILL REQUIRED. RH ABNIBER."

Any lot ‘dvertise,l may be had on the deferred paymen I,,ttem withomt any extra charge. ‘loods exchanged if not satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will Lutchasa or take in exchange a single article or complete s of furniture. COMPARE PRICES.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. ' Mr. GERSHON is a great admirer of keen competi- ,2n, but he strongly objects to others copying his advertise- '.ents. Its mean ; and to those that have not the brain 13°,ver to write their own, Mr. Gershon will do so for them.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING. TRADE. „ No extra charge or credit, and 5 per cent. allowed for R"znpt cash. Mr. Gershon is anxiously waiting to eel what scrupulous shopkeeper will copy this.

ItEVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. MARVELLOUS BARGAINS. GINSHON'S CAUTION. „Yhen in search of genuine second-hand goods don't be de- 'elved and have new common stuff, m re like orange boxes, lisimed on to on. When I have second-hand furniture I .1,13 he names and addresses. and ckn't simply say I get ,Llern from this place and that place, You might as well e.,ok for a ne,o le in a t use of hay as look for the late owner. uon't forget what the popular author wrote, " Ali men are

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR CREDIT.

PIVH PER CHNT. ALLOWED FOR PRO NIPT CASH. Out of the number of mansions, hotels, and houses I have 'econd-hand goods from, the following may be mentioned. CALL AND INSPECT THE GOODS FROM— HAYESLKIGH, OLD TRAFFORD PRINCE OF WALES HOTEL, HARROGATE. HOLLY LODuH, ALEXANDRA PARK. FULSRAW BANK, WILMSLOW. CARLTON-sTREET, MOSS SIDE. MRS. GOLLOTT, WILM-LOW. MRS, THORBURN, UPPER BROOK-STREET, AND 0111ERS.

lIARG A INS GREAT AND 'CV ONDERFUL. Smart complete House of Furniture, consisting of the t'llole furniture for three rooms, sitting-room. bedroom, full bedsteßd mat ress bed.bolster, pillows, sheets, blankets. „74ter case, p'llow slips, and kitchen complete, all like n w; ce 14 guineas. No extra charge on the deferred payment 'Mem. Fly p r cent for prompt cash. Call and inspect them. No harm done if you don't buy.

\FARVELLOUS VALUE. A Charming House of Furniture, really like new. It 't'llfsists of dining-room suit in leather, extending dining- carpet, lug, fender, fire brasses, lace curtains window .b"lt complete. magnificent bedroom suite (net paint-d, solid ".00(1), enclosed dressing-table, large bevelled glass att ‘ched ; Ilfelosed ashstand, marble slab tile back, and bevelled ?having mirror, they form two complete chest of drawers ; (Qll-size handsome black and brass bedstead wire spring attress, be.i. b•Aster pillows, sheets, blankets, pillow slips, oolster cases, toilet set, carpet, complete furniture for kitchen, §orcloth for same, ditto for lobby and stairs. Call and I"Pect the lot. Get a complete list, and you will say they °re a marvel of cheapness for 24 guineas. No extra charge the deferred payment system. Five per cent allowed for prompt cash.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING- ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street .(neat to the Adelphi Bank). Manchester. Charming Drawing-room lot, in perfect condition, con- Sting of hands me ,!-uite, just been re-covered in one of he most fashionable coverings : the charming Cabinet to hatch, lovely Overa+antel, two Tables. Carpets and Rug, tiender and Fire Brasses. all complete and ready for fit- op. A superior drawing-room well worth £si,delivered r 24 guineas. A ,No hxnt k CHARGE FOR CREDIT. FIVE PER CENT 'LLOWBD FOR PROMPT CASH.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
q_ERSITON, THE UNIVERSAL FURNISH- ING CONTRACTOR. 44, Oldham-et., neat to the ILnk, Manchester.

PONI ONE of the ABOVE ADDRESSES. Remarkably handsome Solid Walnut Bedroom Suite sisting of full 611. wardrobe with two robing bevelled tairrors retching from plynth to cornice, fitted with dray..ers, Phoards, and hanging comp trtments ; magnificent pedes- tal dressing table, fitted with eight drawers in the pedestals and large bevelled glass attßched supported by carved brae- ,k,eta ; large size pedestal washstand, fitted with cupboards in 'up ped, stals ; bedside pedestal with napkin drawer. t wel ra,d, and three charming upholstered chairs. The suite is rniteed solid throughout. Well worth £5O; packed, war- ranted, and delivered for 24 guineas. No extra charge for five Per cent, allowed for prompt cash. Gershon, -Universal Fur„iehtng contrftetor. 44 Oldham-street, next to Adelphi Bank, Manchester. " 'ItRSIION ALLOWS FIVE PER CENT DISCOUZIT FOR PROMPI CASH.

AsNUMBER of Bedroom Suites, just like new, from 11 hotel. in solid American Walnut, Bur Walnut, Raz& Walnut, Olive Wood, Bird's Eye Maple. English Ash, spnany. Cyprus, and other woods. Each suite includes a ior wardrobe well-fitted and plate-glass door. bevelled; itZleing table with bevelled glass attached, some enclosed, open and some with side reflectors ; double washstand b"t marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving mirror ; INaide cupboard, chairs, and towel airer ; the prices are 18. itZl4. 12.10 and 8 guine‘s the suite, packed and delivered. h suite is worth double. Five percent. for prompt cash. extra for credit. Call and inspeA them. GERSHON, ?niversal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-stteet, next to 'he Adelphi Bank, Manchester.

GRAND BARGAIN IN DINING-ROOM SUITE. —All the wood work is guaranteed solid, spring Ruffed, covered in dark grain lemther, all in perfect *der; the covering is new; price, packed and delivered, 7.4 18s 6d. Charmint Suite, in saddle bags, all new cover- extra stron4 solid frames; grand bargain for 5 guineas. nveral Sidebolrds, in various woods, at marvellously low ATlees, with bevelled glass backs; from £4 10s to £6O. Dining Aahies, all sizes and all wood.; from 21s. Second-hand :4Upets, Rugs, Fenders, and every requisite for complete ar,nishing, at GERSHON'S, the UNIVSRSAL FURNISH- '4% CONTRACTOR. 44, .OLDIVIM:STILHRT, next to the

Adelphi Ilan , MANCHESTER.. ALL ARE INVITED TO WALK THROUGII.

RESULT OF UNHAPPY MARRIAGE, DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS, &c.. perhaps the most Ireurable opportunity ever offered to those about furnishing 1,..4 geed style is the present. The furnishing in question has .7'm removed from a very la-ge house in the vicinity of Fly- entil Grove, and everything was made to order only 14 konths ago by one of the best houses in the city. The prices glinted are exactly one-half the cost. Nothing like a full des- lttion can be given. Inspection is invited. Firstly. the Mall is furnished with a grand dark mahogany Louis Stand :klid pair chairs to match; price 9 guineas. The dining-room 1,1 in solid black walnut of magnificent an t uncommon ...mftign. To attempt anything like a description would be a Tiste of time ; to say the least, it is the most charming and "Wqne, the dining-table extending with extra leaves, sup- 'Petted by square legs, which are beautifully carved ;the over- 2!atftel is such that can only be made by workmen of the nfbeet standard ;itis a work of art. Next comes the truly "lagnificent Suite, which, of course, are also in solid black :Walnut, and consists of 12 standard Chairs (the price quoted IA for six chairs, more can be had if required), with double- Padded hacks, two extra large lounge chairs, and a grand ...Q°o„ eh. of large size, sideboard alone is worth £5O Oa 9d. the Lao - forming a noble lot for high-class dining-room.. Price '0 guineas. 4,1 have also the carpets, paintings, and engravings from Ole same room. The drawing room is furnished in the 'nest style. and surpasses everything for elegance I have 'ever seen. Firstly. the Curio display cabinet at once "itrikes you as being a marvel of beauty and workmanship I,lt Possesses all the requirements ot such an artistic article eXt comes the handsome music cabinet with face fron ._"4l Various divisions, lined with plush; two curious shape with fancy cut and carved legs; the overmanted With diamond-shaped glasses, and recesses for the display nick-nacks; lastly, bat by no means the least, the truly Pkaghificent suite of double gondola settee, for any part of ue room ; two charming easy chairs, four occasional chairs, rid two gossipy chairs. All are upholeter.d in a rich silk 'Peary. with raised flowers and rprays, and finished with !ilk cord and gimp. It may be remarked that these fittings "re suitable for only a high-class drawing-room. There are in nine bedrooms, space prevents all being described. The Oat room of all, 1 may here state, is suitable for a lady of ;41e or a lord, it cost £l2), and Is offered for 60gs. The suite -",iMplv magnificent, the wood is perfeotty solid bright- 'shed walnut of the choicest quality, the wardrobe is _t wide, fitted at either end with hanging compartments ,slhich are enclosed with brilliant bevell3d Vaxhan plate glass :I Shield shape, between the doors are drawers, and above ,V,:e bay-shaped clipboards, with massive carved panel', which once 'splays great dexterity with the chisel, the whole is r°wned with a cornice of tower like shape,the dressing table ft flin. wide, wdestal de.ign, and ay-shaped between Pedestals, which are fitted with drawers, the glass, which 45UPported by carved brackets, is shield shape and extra ge- Next comes the 4ft 6ln bay-shaped washstand, with Ittarble slab, tile, and glass back, about 41t high, the pedestal e I rail. and upholstered chairs forms one of the finest Ny,'.!ea money can buy. There are eight other bedrooms contain suites ,at all prices, some as low as 4 guineas ud some at 14, 18, and 25 guineas. The suite from the breakfast room is in saddle bags, price gAineas ; dining table, 355; sideboard, £7 15a; two recesses 4°l(cases. 75s each. Another carved oak bookcase and a host Other articles are on view. Carpets, rugs, fenders. orna- ;!'ents. paintitiks. china, and glass, all removed to 44, Old- 'a'Str'eet, Manchester.

1- DON'T FORGET. "ON'T MAKE ANY EXTRA CHARGE FOR CREDIT, AND ALLOW FIVE PER ,CENT FOR -4311 PT CASH.

GERSHON, UNIVERSAL FURNISHING-CONTRACTOR, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER. 17, NFXT TO THE ADELPHI BANK, anti 9. and 21. HILTON-STREET. all adjoining and COM inunicating with 44, Oldham-street, Blanchester.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Conncil was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Warrington, on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Councillor Fairclough) occupied the chair, and there were also present :—Aldermen Greenall, Harrison, Francomb,Sutton, Wright, Hutchin- son ; Councillors Plumpton, Duncan, Evans, G timer. Ellison, Baird, Lee, Roberts, Rogers, Shaw-Green, Tin- nion, Hepherd. Furness, Bennett, Woods, Smethurst, Monks, Cannell, Longton, Shaw, Shelton; and Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), T. Longdin (borough sur- veyor.)

THE STREIT IMPROVEMENT COMMITTER-IMPROVEMENT OF WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY.

A'derman Sterron, in moving the confirnaation of the minutes of this Committee, said the permission that the Committee proposed to give te Messrs. Bishop and Com- pany to erect a transporter at their new premises in Wharf-street, was part of the arrangement made with the Company in connection with the tenancy of the new wharf. With regard to the resolution " That the sum of £3O be paid to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., Limited, for a strip of land and alterations to the White Bull Inn, Horsemarket-street ; this was with a view to setting back the lin of frontage from the Lan- cashire and Yorkshire Bank to the Griffin Inn, which would no doubt be considered an improvement. (Hear, hear.) A third resolution passed by the committee was "That in consideration of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Ce., Limited, giving up one of the rolling ways in front of the White Bull Inn, the Company be relieved from the tresspass rents paid in respect of the cellar areas in front of the Roe Buck Inn in Bridge Street." The committee considered that the arrangement would be beneficial to the town. Another resolution had refer- ence to the purchase of land from Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Company, Limited, for the purpose of widening Wilderspool Causeway to sixty feet. There had been for many years past, he (Alderman Sutton) said, many complaints about the narrowness and the bad condition of the road. Probably on no other road into Warrington had there been so much traffic as upon this and the difficulty of vehicles in passing and repairing caused an annoyance to residents and passen- gers, especially as on one side of the road there was no footpath at all. This traffic had no doubt been relieved to some extent by the new road across Arpley but the diminution of traffic had been scarcely apparent. It would be observed that the road was to be made sixty feet wide, but the Wilderepoel Brewery Company would give all the land that was necessary to make the road a uniform width of forty feet. Beyond forty feet and up to sixty feet the Corporation would have to pay for the land at the rate of 6a. per square yard. Under the cir- cumstances he considered that this was a very advisable purchase. The MAYOR: Some parts of the road are not thirty-five feet wide but the Brewery Company will make it forty feet, and we pay fcr the rest. Alderman SUTTON said that was so. The Committee considered the price to be paid under the circumstances was a very reasonable one. Councillor FURNESS seconded the adoption of the Com- mittee's minutes. Councillor SHAY/ called attention to several grids in Horsemarket-street—the entrance to cellars—which were in a slippery condition. The MAYOR pointed out that the subject was not on the minutes. Councillor Shaw should call tiae attention of the Borough Surveyor to the matter. Councillor SHAW-GREEN congratulated the committee on making the arrangements with regard to Wilder- spool Causeway and on having taken the steps they had done before any portion of the land was built upon. (Hear, hear.) Councillor ROBERTS also congratulated the committee on the bargain, because he considered that while they, were spending considerable amounts of money in widen- ing streets in the borough it was important that the en- trances to the town were wilened. If they let that matter rest any longer they would net have such an opportunity again for many years and they would cer- tainly not then get the land at the price at which they were now obtaining it. Although there was loom for two opinions as to the value of this at the present time, he must say that from the opinions he had heard expresssed of people who were in a position to know he thought the price a fair one, which they ought not to let pass them. (Hear, hear.) If they could only do the same thing for Knutsford-road he was sure they would be delighted to have the opportunity. (Hear, hear.) The minutes of the committee were then adopted. SANKEY AND HOWLEY BROOKS —THE SMALL PDX HOSPITAL. Councillor BENNETT a,lend the Chairman of the Health Committee the following question :—" Whether it is a fact that a memorial to the Local Government Board complaining of the S (nkey Brook and requesting them to interfere in the matter has been extensively signed by the inhabitants of the district and whether the commit- tee will take inallediate steps to compel the various authorities responsible for the nuisance to abate the same; also whether the Howley Brook is under the con- trol of the committee, and, if so, whether they are aware that it is becoming a mere repository for rubbish, and will consider the desirability ot filling in the portion con- tiguous to the Open Space at the back of Church-street." He remarked that the memorial was got up by Council- lor Plumpton and that it was only fair that he should have the crcdit of it. Alderman SUTTON, in reply, said the committee fully sympathised with the memorialists in this case, but they did not know how to deal with the thing. The nuisance was created at St. Helens and at other places. They were not responsible in Warrington for the nuisance. It came down to them and they were bound to accept it as it is, but at the same time he would promise Mr. Bennett that the committee would do all they possibly could to assist the memorialists in getting the Local Government Board to take stops in the matter in order to do away with the nuisance. In regard to the second portion ef the question he might say that Howley Brook was not under the control of the Health Committee. The Paving and Sewerage Committee had to do with this.

Councillor BENNATT said the Paving and Sewerage Committee had referred him to the Health Committee. Alderman Surrow repeated that the Paving and Sewer- age Committee had to do with the Brook. He had al- ways been under the impression that that Committee bad so far done all that could be done in regard to How- ley Brook. He then moved the adoption of the minutes of the Health Committee, and referring to the proposed small-pox hospital, he said the Committee were of opinion that thee would be no further delay. It was very necessary to proceed at once, for as most of them would be aware during the last week or so there had been a case of small-plx introduced into the town. He was pleased to tell them that the man was getting bet- ter and that there was now no danger of the disease spreading, yet the case showed the necessity of taking steps to provide themselves with a hospital. Councillor BENNETT asked the Mayor which Commit- tee was responsible for Howley Brook. The MAYOR : The Town Clerk says it belongs to the Paving and Sewerage Committee. Councillor ROBERTS said he should like to assure the

eople in the neighbourhood of Sankey Brook that the matter was not being lost sight of. The fact was that their difficulties in consequence of the offences of the neighbouring authorities were so great that they hardly knew which way to move first for the best, but the matter would be thoroughly dealt with as far as lay in their Dower and that quickly. With reference to Howley Brook, if there was any nuisance detrimental to health it should be dealt with by the Health Committee. As to the smallpox nobody need go away with the idea that there is anything to take fright at. They were always liable to the introduction of smallpox and they could trace this case pretty well to its source. The period of infection had now passed without the slightest infection, but the case was a reminder to the committee that no time should be lost in the erection of the hospital. (Hear, hear.) Alderman FRANCO3fB asked if anything fnrther had been done with regard to the old river at Wilderspool. Alderman SUTTON said the old river had become such a nuisance that he believed the best way to deal with it would be to fill it up. The minutes were then adopted. WAGES AT LONGFORD DEPOT.—THE DEPUTATION BLAMED.

Councillor MONKS moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Sanitary Works Committee which recom- mended "that the wages of the firemen and stokers at Longford Depot be ir creased by the sum of 23. each per week." In doing so he said he moved that resolution with mixed feelings. There was a moral in it which he would like to point out. The Sanitary Works Comm;t- tee gave an invitation to the Council to visit the Long- ford works and that resolution was the result of it. He thought it rather hard lines on the committee—or any committee—that people after visiting the com- mittee's works should then get up a sort of agita- tion amongst the men that they should make a request for higher wages. The committee never had a word of complaint from the men pnviously, and he (Councillor Monks) felt all the more about it because he did not think an increase of wages was the right thing to do. He thought it would have been better to have made a reduction in the working hours. The men now worked twelve hours a day, and it would have been much better to keep Mr e wages the same and an additional shift put on. He protested against the action of members of the Council in getting up an agitation amongst the men for additional wages as had been done in that particular case. Councillor EVANS seconded the adoption of the minutes.

Alderman SUTTON thouttht before passing a resolution the committee should make inquiries as to the rate of wages paid to tanners' labourersiand see how they com- pared with those paid to the men at Longford works. He did not think anyone was justified in creating dis- satisfaction amongst the workneople at Longford. The men should themselves be the first to complain. Unless the wages paid were lower than those paid to other labourers in the town he did not think it was a proper thing to increase them. Alderman HARRISON asked whether he was to under- stand that people who were comparative strangers to the work, had taken upon themselves to dictate to the committee?

Councillor MONK.; They did not dictate, but they euggested that the men should have an advance of wages. Alderman HARRISON said it seemed a most incredible affair that the committee should take notice of strangers and allow them to dictate—for he still held that it was dictating—the rate of wages to be paid. Councillor Saaw GRREN asked how many men were effected by the resolution, and was he to understand that when the deputation visited the depot, some mem- bers of the Council suggested that the men's wages were insufficient ?

The MAYOR: It was suggested in this chamber after- wards.

Councillor SHAW GREEN said if the resolution related to the men who did the" dollying " he did not wonder that they felt they wanted more wages. Councillor SMETHURST said the resolution had given the committee a considerable amount of trouble con- sidering that they had made their estimates for the year. But they had no choice in the matter. They had to give the men the increased wages or they would have ceased work, although they were getting 253. a week. From inquiries made in tanneries it was found that the la- bourers' wages varied from 163. to 181. per week. But at the same time the men at Longford deserved more remuneration than that owing to the character of the work.

Ceuncillor ROBERTS thought some members of the Council were taking too harsh a view of the matter. Some members of the Council sate the condition of things at the works and it certainly appealed to their humanity. There were members who considered that the exhairiting nature of the work and the disagreeable and disgusting character of it was such as to entitle the men to very fair consideration in the shape of wages. If the committee had felt that their hands had been forced in the matter, they need not be unduly sensitive in re- gard to it because the object was a good one and a pro- per one. It was far better for the Corporation to err on the side of liberality rather than to be accused of keep- ing their men down, which under the circumstances. would hardly be creditable to a municipality like theirs He did not know a single trade where they could com- pare the nature of the work with that done at Longford. He did not think the increase of wages was a wrong step for the committee to take, and he should be glad if in addition they could see their we} to start the eight hours shift. (lear, hear.) When they came to con- sider what twelve hours a day meant in front of those furnaces at Longford, and the circumstances of the men, he did not think 273. a week would land them in Para- dise all in a hurry. (Laughter.) Councillor SHAW said he was one of the deputation to Longford, and it was quite possible that he might be the father of the suggestion of the increase of 2s. a woek. He did make inquiries at the time as to the wages paid,and he told the Chairman of the co:nmittee that he did not think it sufficient money or the disagreeable work they had to do. It was quite possible that some- one had heard him say so, but he denied that he had suggested it to the manager or the workmen. If he had done he should not feel ashamed of it, for he thought the men richly deserved the increase in wages. Councillor MONKS, in reply, said he did not think it should hove been suggested to the men that they should apply for an advance of wages. It was not on account of hard work that the increase of wages had been given. The firemen at the furnaces were not effected by the resolution, but the increase was being given to the four or sis men who were practically unskilled labourers. The men had been there for some years, and the com- mittee did not like to run the risk of turnine them out and engaging another set of men. They would now get 275. per week. The MAYOR : What did they start at ? Councillor MONKS : 25s.--Continuing, he said there was nothing more objectionable at Longford than in some places, and it certainly was not dangerous. The committee were endeavouring to improve matters and they had in view alterations which had been suggested, which if succeseful, would remove altogether the slightest possibility of any smell or nuisance in any form whatever. (Hear, hear.) That would practically remove the arguments which some of the members had made in favour of the wages being in- creased.

The minutes were then passed. PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE.

Alderman7W-e—mn—r--moVed the confirmation of these minutes, and observed that during the past month ac- counts amounting to £2,740 had been paid, and con- tracts accented with regard to various streets to the ex- tent of £1,425 so that it would be seen the committee were not quite idle, (Hear, hear.) He then read a report of the Borough Surveyor which stated that "the 'laving of Latchford-road has been completed for about 900 vards, and we are extending the same to opposite Grove-street, Bowers-street, Jones's-buildings. The adjoining passages off Winwick-road are now completed,as well as the paving of Stevenson-street. The passages bounded by Sankey-street, Parker-street, and Museum-street are well in hand. and I expect will be completed this week. New-street and Gibson-street at Howley have been commenced,and I expect in the course of a month will be completed. The wood paving in Sankey-street I propose to commence on Monday next, while that in Palmyra-square is completed. We are now engaged in carrying out the drainage scheme from Pad- gate joining with the storm overflow sewer in Napier- street.and expect that it will be finished this week. The wharf is progressing satisfactorily, and I hope before your next meeting we shall be engaged in forming the approach road to it. I have examined the new road across Arpley,and find that it is standing very well. All other works are proceeding satisfactorily. Bishop's Wharf nearly completed."—Alluding to Howley Brook, Alderman WRIGHT said nothing went into it but surface water—drainage from the land. He had been to the place that day, and could see nothing that could be deemed to be a nuisance. They could not carry on the permanent sewers for the present, but during the next three or four months the whole land would be laid out, and they would then lay down permanent drains. Councillor BAIRD seconded the passing of the minutes. Alderman FRANCOMP complained of the way the gullies were cleaned out, but the Mayor said that the matter was not on the minutes. Alderman Wright could no doubt put the matter right. Councillor LONGTON was pleased to hear the report of the Borough Surveyor read. The MAYOR: The Alderman was out of order all the time he was reading it. (Laughter.) Councillor ROGERS asked the Chairman of the com- mittee when the back streets running parellel with Pier- point-street. Hoyle-street and other streets off Bewsey- road, were likely to be attended to. Councillor LEE also rose to ask a question, but was ruled out of order, the Mayor suggesting that notice ct the questions should be given. The chairman of a com- mittee was not alwaVs prepared to answer a question without notice. If these questions were allowed every man in the room might get up, and they would be de- tained all night. (Laughter, and a Voice: "No, no.") Alderman WRIGHT said the work referred to by Coun- cillor Rogers would be put in hand in two or three months, and with regard to the question which Coun- cillor Lee intended to ask, he observed that the contract had been let for the Wiiderspool drainage,and they were waiting for the consent of the Runcorn District Council, who might have to pay for the work. (Hear, hear.) The minutes were then agreed to. THE. CEMETERY LODGES.—" AK ARCHITECTURAL ABORTION."

On the minutes ef the Cemetery Committee coming up for adoption. Councillor Bennett protested strongly against the manner in which the alterations at the Ceme- tery lodges were being carried out. They were neither efficient nor sightly, and it was a matter of common notoriety that the, Corporation were making a botch of the work. It was evident that the members of the com- mittee were ashamed of the work, as a wooden structure had been put up which he suggested might be used as a billposting station. The work was a disgrace and it was a pity that these lodges which were once pleasant to the eve were being spoilt, and they had not even the satis- faction of feeling that by spoiling the architecture they were getting the accommodation required. The rooms were very small and unhealthy. amongst the many botches which had been perpetrated in the town, the alterations at the Cemetery lodges were the worst, and he protested against the perpetration of this architec- f ural abortion. _

COll[l6llol' LONGTON supported the views of Councillor Bennett. _ _

_ Alderman HARRISON said he would have referred a notice having been given of the matter. At the same time he might say that the plans had been brought be- fore the Council and approved, and it was not specifi- cally the committee who were to blame. The plans were being faithfully carried out. Councillor Bennett was no doubt a man of general good taste and propriety, and all that kind of thing, but he wished to say that if any wrong was being done the committee were not wholly to

CADBURYS COCOi is both a stimulating and refresh- ing drink, and nutritious food, probably more nourishing than any other beverage. It is absolutely pure, containing no foreign admixture.—Advt,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT WARRINGTON.

EXCITING SCENES. -NA RROW ESCAPES.

On Friday morning last shortly after midnight an extensive fire was found to have broken out on the premises of Mr. Thomas Daiutith, gunsmith and en- graver. of 82, Bridge-street, Warrington. P.C. Hardy was the first to discover the fire. At a quarter past midnight he was standing at the top of Rylands-street when he perceived a smell of burning rubber and he set out to discover the origin. He proceeded to Mr. Daintith's shop and on going down the entry close to, he saw that the workshop and storerooms ot Mr. Daintith situated at the back of the premises, were on fire and that the flames were gaining a good hold on the building. He knocked at the door with his truncheon but finding that he was not heard, he threw himself on the door and burst it open. After giving the alarm to the inmates he immediately proceeded to the Market Place and rang the fire bell, and afterwards assisted to get out the fire engine.

In the meantime there were some exciting scenes at the burning premises. The workshop and store- rooms, as already stated, are at the back of the premises, and above them is a large kitchen. On the third storey are a number of bedrooms and in these some of the children were sleeping as well as a domestic servant. In a room,a little further back, an aged woman, 82 years of age, named Mrs. Ains- worth, was also sleeping at the time of the con- flagration. On being hastily awakened they found themselves enveloped in flame and smoke and rushed out of the room in their nightdresses. Two daughters of Mr. Daintith The Misses Eva and Nellie Daintith were in a most perilous position for immediately after they had left their bedroom the floor gave way and fell with a crash. They succeeded in descending a staircase and with assistance reached the Lion Hotel, just opposite the shop. Mrs. Ainsworth found it impossible to leave her room by the staircase, and the aged woman was obliged to get through the window. She clung to the window-sill until grasped by Mr. Daintith, but both fell to the ground and the woman was severely shaken. She was the last of the nine occupants to leave the burning building. Sergeant Hollingworth having arrived on the scene, araused the people living in close proximity, and there was speedily an animated spectacle.

Within a short period after the sounding of the fire-bell, Supt. Turner with deputy Supt. F. 11. Turner, engineer Ratcliffe, and eleven firemen, proceeded with the new fire engine "Captain," to the conflagration. On reaching Market Gate, tongues of flame and smoke shooting above the burning building glared in the faces of the firemen. Efforts were chiefly made on arrival to save the contiguous property from disaster, and the manner in which the men went about their work was favourably commented upon. A fair supply of water was obtained but there was not sufficient to find work for the " Major," and this engine was, therefore, not brought into use. The fire 'irigade from Wilderspool also arrived on the scene,but their services were not required. Unfortunately for Mr. Daintith, he had a large stock of bicycles an ammunition on his premises at the time, and it is computed that over eighty pounds of gunpowder went off during the confla- gration, and as will be readily imagined added not a little to the flame. Some stray shots from the car.ridges struck several who were working at the fire. Superintendent Turner was struck on the forehead, and Sergeant Hollingworth was also struck rather violently on the breast with a bullet. A number of bicycles—about a score—were saved, but as many more were included in the general wreckage of the building. Willing hands, includ- ing several members of the Corporation, aided in rescuing goods from the front shop, and also the books. One constable at considerable risk, pro- ceeded to one of the rooms and fetched Mr. Dain- tith's cash-box. It was not until three o'clock that the fire was got under, and the firemen are to be congratulated npon their success in confining the flames to the building in which they originated. Great praise is also due to the Chief Constable and his staff for the great services they rendered. The premises belong to the Warrington Corporation and the damage is covered by insurance. Mr. Daintith had intended to remove in a few days to the shop at Bridge Foot, previously occupiad by Mr. Marsh in consequence of the improvement which the Cor- poration intend to make in the widening of the street. The fire has robbed him of almost the whole of his stock, his furniture and tools, in addition to a number of bicycles which he had in hand for repair. Only the bare walls of the building have been left standing and these are in a very unsafe condition.

The damage sustained by Mr. Daintith is esti- mated at over .£lOOO, and is only partially insured in the West of England Assurance Company, now known as the Commercial Union Assurance Com- pany, Limited, of which Messrs. Jenkins and Com- pany ara the local agents. The origin of the tire is not known.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
STATEMENT BY AN EYE-WITNESS.

One of the eye-witnesses of .the fire was Mr. Edward Pickavance, son of Mr. Pickavance, leather merchant of Bridge-street,whose premises are almost opposite to those of Mr. Daintith, and in answer to inquiries, he, told our reporter that he was first made aware of the fire by the screams of the young women who fortunately escaped from the burning building. On going to the place he saw the flames bursting through the windows of the back premises, and immediately afterwards they shot out to the skies with fearful force and fury, due to some extent to the stock of powder in the building. The light, he remarked, wee as brilliant as an electric light, and illuminated the surrounding buildings and streets for some dis- tance. In company with a number of others, he set to work to save some of the goods in the estab- lishment, and amongst those who ren- dered assistance, he noticed Alderman Wright, and Conncillor Woods. Mr. Pickavance was instrumental in saving the books of Mr. Daintith, which he took to his father's shop for safety, to- gether with a quantity of revolvers, guns, etc. Some of the stock from the front shop was also taken to a storeroom at the Lion Hotel. Both Nfr. Edward Pickavance and his father were unstinted in their praises of the efforts of the firemen who although hampered by want of space, worked zeal- ously from start to finish, and prevented what would have been a dire calamity if the flames had spread to the adjoining premises.

THE POLICE REPORT. P.C.Joseph Hardy reported that he was on duty at 12.15 a.m.onFriday in Bridge-street when he smelled something burning and went higher up Bridge- street. He then found the workshop of Mr. Thomas Daintith, gunsmith and cycle agent, 82, Bridge-st., on fire. Knowing that the family lived on the prerniss he knocked at the Goor and with some difficulty aroused the inmates. He then rang the fire bell and went to the Fire Station to help to get the engine out. The firemen were knocked up by P.C.'s 15, 40, and 50. In the meantime P.S. Ilollingworth went to the fire and got the people out of the houses in Bridge- street buildings and they were removed Ship Sh Yard. Mr. and Mrs. Daintith and family, eight i in number, were got to the Lion Hotel. A Mrs. Eliza- beth Ainsworth, 80 years of age, who lived n a room over the workshop was got out of the room window and taken to the l i hotel n her nightdrevs. ' The shop was entered by the police and a number of men helped to get the stock of guns and other con- tents into the vaults of the Lion Hotel and put in safety. P.C. Bradley went into the top storey of the shop by means of a ladder and got the cash box, containing over £lOO, and a watch and quantity of clothes. Detective Barlow, nine constables and a number of civilians also assisted:Me works were left all safe at 11.30 p.m.by the son,Mr. 11. Daintith and they all retired to rest about midnight. The origin of the fire is not known at present or the amount of i damage done. It s partly insured. The report concludes by stating that there were at the fire the Chief Constable, Inspector Cox, Detectives Barlow and Roper, two sergeants and twelve constables. They were engaged at thp fire from 12.20 a.m. to 4 Om.

EPPS' COCOA.—GRATEFUL AND COMFORTING. By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a caretul app' cation of the fine pro erties of well selected COCOA, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoure beve:age which may save us many beavy doctors' bills It is by the judici ,us use of auch articles of diet that a constitution mav be gradu ally tnult up uutil strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping our elves well fortifi _ld with pure blood and a properly nourished frame.' —C vii Service Gazette.—Made simply with bailing water or milk Sold only in packets and pound tins, ny Grocers, labelled— 'JAMEl itiPPS & CO.. Ltd., Homceopatkic Ckemis s. ondon." Also makers of i;pps Cocoaine or Cocoa-sib Extract : Tea- like : A thin beverage of full ft avow, now with many bene- ficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the syst

TOBACCONIST Commencing; write for Illustrated Guide and Catalogue (259 pages) Sd. TOBLCCONISTS' OUTFITTING CO.-186, Huston-road, London. Man war, HENRY MYERS. --Adrt

===== 0002601_18960815_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE

.011 r Vege- table. Cure orpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay cured, Chemists, Is, lid.

BEAUTIFUL TEETH nll who nee daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the

world. Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and peasly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured.

Ask for 80ZODONT. :Is. CI

LIVER PILLS, ic:a.L'allt .• Small Pill. fah, Small Dos.. fer 'CARTER Email Price. ITTLE Forty. Lut a IV E R pi!' Purely Vr - To.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
blame.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
The minutes ware passed. THE OFFENSIVE CONDITION OF THE SHIP CANAL AND RIVER. _ _ .

Councillor ROBERTS, in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the Rivers' Committee alluded to the ono in which the attention of the M Tsey and I rwell Joint Com- mittee was called to the filthy condition of the Ship Canal near Warrington, and the old portion of the river Mersey. He said the committee had called attention to the matter, and he was afraid that that was all they could do at present. Alderman HARRISON : I am afraid it is. Councillor ROBERTS continuing, said that the Corpora- tion were only contributors to the offensive condition of the old river in a very slight degree ; and this contribu- tion was to be taken out at the earliest possible moment by the drainage scheme which was in hand. It would be taken into the tidal por'ion of the river, away from the possibility of doing any harm, so that until the Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee had compelled all contributing authorities higher u the river to withhold rendering the whole stream foul and offensive, he was afraid that the Corporation would have to wait a con- eiderable period before the present state of things was remedied. During the next few months, however, the penstock which the Ship Canal Company were con- structing would afford a considerable improvement. The people who lived on the banks were to be commiser- ated at the present time, but he could assure them that so far as they had any power it would be used to the fullest possible extent in compelling those whom they could compel to make the condition of this part of the river and Ship Canal as little offensive as possible. The Joint Committee were proceeding against the Manches- ter Corporation, and something like 50 firms and auth- orities for committing offences in this respect, and there was some hope that within A reasonable time, the general conditions would be improved. Counrillor FIEPFIERD serended. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF COUNCILLOR ROBERTS' SERVICES. The MAYOR said he wished to propose a vote of thanks to Counillor Roberts for the time and trouble he had taken in looking after the interests of Warrington in the na.gotiations in connection with the Ship Canal. (Hear, hear.) The least the Corperation could do was to accord him a hearty vote of tha.nke,and he had pleasure in sub- initting such a resolution. (Hear, hear.) Alderman %Veronr seconded the motion, observing that it would be impossible for anyone to have paid more attention to the interests of Warrington than Councillor Roberts had done. (Hear, hear.) The motion was unanimously agreed to. Councillor ROBERTS, in responding, said the resolution had come as a complete surprise. All the same he thanked the Mayor most cordially for such a generous testimony to what he had tried to do in the best in- terests of Warrinatnn. and the members of the Council for so cordially adopting the proposition. It was a matter of pride to him to be connected with the Cor- poration. He was a native of Warrineton, and ha loved the old town quite as much as if he were the most ardent Conservative in it—(laughter)—and he was bound to say that when the interests of Warrington were con- cerned it had been a matter of great pleasure to him to receive the cordial support of those who on other mat- ters did not think with him. Everything else had been dropped where the interests of Warrington were con- cerned; and they had worked in this matter more par- ticularly as thoroughly and harmoniously as nossible. He hoped to be allowed to live a few years yet to be of seryice to Warrington. (Hear, hear, and applause.)

The minutes were then a,reed to. FIRP ENGINE COMMITTEE.

The minutes of this committs,, were passod on the motion of Alderman HuTonNsoN,seconded by Councillor SMETHURST.

The MAYOR : Fire, and no on has anything to say ! Several members : It is not on the minutes. (Laughter.)

PF.NRETTS WATER SITPPLY.

Alderman FRANCOMB moved the confirmation of the Water Committee's minutes, and in referring to the pro- posed water supply to Penketh, said the Distr;ct Council had agreed to guarantee the sum required for the supply. The pipes were ordered, and the work would be put in hand in the course of a few days.

Councillor HEPHERD seconded, and the minutes were then passed.

THE JUBILEE OF THE CORPORATION.

The minutes of the General Purposes Committee con- taining the following suggestions submitted'by the com- mittee appointed to consider anzi report upon the arrangements to be made for celebrating the Jubilee of the Corporation, were considered and accepted for fur- ther consideration :--1, to hold an art and industrial ex- hibition ; 2, to beat the bounds of the extended borough by a procession of the inhabitants ; 3, to'arran ge a treat for school children; 4, to arrange a treat for the aged poor 5, to cast a commemoration medal • 6, to plant trees in all suitable streets and places ;7, to confer the freedom of the borough upon certain inhabitants for eminent service rendered to the borough.

The MAYOR moved and Alderman -SUTTON seconded the confirmation of the minutes. _

—Councillor Beienerr in referring to the proposed eele bration of the jubilee of the Corporation. remarked that the scheme now before the Council was an interesting one,andloppertunity should be given to every member to express his opinion,so that the coming festival should be made worthy of the event it was celebrating. (Hear, hear.) He stated that the industrial exhibition wag first suggested by the Chamber of Commerce, as it was be- lieved that it would tend to show what the town was oapable ef doing in the shape of production, as well as he a benefit to local trade by advertising their capacity in almost every field of industrial labour. It was also thought that it might form the nucleus of a nermanent collection. In many towns on the Continent there were industrial or commercial in.:mums of immense value to the manufacturers in the neiehhourhood, and it had occurrei to the Warrington Chamber of Com- merce that the interests of the Warrington Museum would be augmented if they had a Com- mercial Depertment, in which all their leading local manufacturers were properly represented. He was pleased with the proposal to plant treesin various streets of the borough. He had to make a further suggeetion, that tablets should be placed on some of the old build- ings in Warrington. There were many houses in town, which they passed almost every day of their lives in which people of great eminence in ecience and literature and art once resided. They should realise that in the midst of this smoke and hum of commerce the town had not been quite dead to the higher ideals, and that the town had been the birthplace of some very distinguished men. These tablets would be a proner commemoration of the jubilee of the.Cerpora.tion. The most interesting place of all mobster was the old house at Bridle Fool., which was the original Academv.and which, he thought reflected more glory upon Warrington than anything else. No doubt the committee would •,elcome sugges- sions from other sources. (Hear. hear.) The confirmation of the minutes was then agreed to. _ THR CONTRACTS QUESTION.

Councillor RORRRTS moved : (1) ['hat the resolution of April 5th,1887, he rescinded, and the following sub- stituted therefor :—That all committees of this Council shall obtain the whole of their requirements.whether for materials to be supplied or labour to be performed, or lonth,bv tender, and whenever the same shall involve an expenditure of £2O and upwards tenders shall be pub- licly advertised for in one at least of the Warrinc.,ton newspapers. and such other paper or papers as may be considered desirable, and that every accepted tender shall be published with the minutes of the committee connected therewith. together with the price and the name of the successful firm.exeept in such cage or CUPS as in the oninion of the committee concerned it would not be to the interests of the Corporation to do so (2) that the above resolution be adopted as a Standing Order of the Council." Mr lloberts said he had found the re- solution adopted in 1887 did not work as comfortably as it might do. In the resolution he had proposed in sub- stitution of it he had endeavoured to eliminate any element that might be found by any committee difficult to work with while securing the same object, which was to give every ratepayer the same opportunity to tender for contracts as outsiders. (Hear, hear.) Alderman WRIGHT seconded the resolution which he considered to he fair and reasonable. - -

, Alderman HARRISON-sa,id the resolution contained one savinsf clause, that which exempted committees from publishint7 the price?, if not in the interest of the Corpora- tion to do qn. -

Councillor niI:PRA:RD did not opp,ip th,, resolution as it covered more ground than that of 1887. The resolution was then carried, and the meeting of the Council terminated.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MURDER OF MRS. KANE,

OF WARRINGTON.

DOUBLE EXECUTION AT NOTiINGIEAM.

CONFESSION BY WILKINSON.

Samuel Wilkinson, aged forty-eight, gardener, and John Rose, fifty-three, baker, were executed at Notting- ham on Tuesday, the former for murdering Mrs. Kaye, an elderly lady, at Arnold, and the latter for cutting his wife's throat. In response to private representations, the Home Secretary intimated a few days ago that he saw no reason for advising her Majesty to interfere with the due carrying out of the law, and the culprits upon being informed of the date axed for the execution dis- played little concern; but paid most careful attention to the ministrations of the prison chaplain, and appeared thoroughly contrite. _ _

_ On Monday, after partaking of Holy Communion, Wilkinson made a complete confession of his crime, but Rose made no statement. Both were on Tuesday morn- ing early visited by the chaplain, who spent a long time with each. The culprits walked firmly to the scaffold, and death was instantaneous,Billington being the execu- tioner, assisted by Wilkinson,of Bolton. Reporters were cot admitted, but they were subsequently informed that the arrangements were carried out satisfactorily and with expedition. John Rose had murdered his wife, having cut her throat whilst she lay in bed. He attempted to commit suicide, inflicting a severe wound in his throat, but he recovered. Rose was visited last week by his brother and sister, and Wilkinson was seen by his wife and two brothers, the farewell intervals being of an affecting character.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WILKINSON'S CRIME.

Mrs. Kaye, who was murdered by Wilkinson, was a Warrington woman,and resided with her daughter, Mrs. Morrall, in Bewsey-road. Her son formerly carried on business in Markey-street as a hairdresser and elsewhere in the town. Immediately on the receipt of the news Mrs. Morrall proceeded to Nottingham General Hospital. The surprise of the relatives may be imagined when they received information of the terrible maltreatment the old lady had received. In October last she went to Not- tingham to stay with a married son, who is an engineer on the Great Northern Railway, intending to return to Warrington in March. During her stay in Nottingham, however, Mrs. Kaye accepted an invitation to spend a few days at the house of Mr. Samuel Powley, a market gardener, living at Arnold. Mr. Powley, who lives in Gedling-lane, was one of the eight zandidates seeking election on the Arnold Urban District Council, and on Friday night, February 14th. was busily engaged can- vassing in the district,and in the course of his busineas happened to go in the Ram Inn. During his stay there a stranger entered, and seeing Mr. Powley, asked a man sitting near who he was. His neighbour answered that it was Mr. Powley, a market gardener. Shortly afterwards Mr. Powley left the house, being followed by the stranger, who eventually found his way to Mr. Powley's house. Mrs. Powley and the children, together with Mrs. Kaye, were in the house when a knock came to the door. Before they could get there the stranger,who was described as a thin, dark man, rather tall, and attired in a hard felt hat and black suit entered. After asking if Mr. Powley lived there, and being answered in the affirmative, the stranger volunteered the information that Mr. Powley had met with a very serious accident by being run over by a bicycle, and was lying badly hurt at the Ram Inn, where he wished to see his wile and children. Mrs. Fawley was naturally greatly alarmed, and went out with the stranger, one of her sons going ahead, leaving Mrs. Kaye in the house. The stranger, after accom- panying Mrs. Powley some distance into the town, left her after wishing " Good-night," and she proceeded on to the Ram Inn by herself. She had not gone far when she was met by her son, who informed her that his father was all right. Suspecting that there was something wrong, she told the lad to go for a policeman and proceeded home. On arrival at Mr. Powley's house, which is quite isolated, being at least three hundiad yards from any other dwelling house, a dreadful discovery met their eyes. Mrs. Kaye was found lying in the back kitchen in a pool of blood. Her head had been terribly battered with a kitchen poker, which was found afterwards ben!, and indented. The unfortunate woman lay on her back, moaning slightly. The ceiling and three of the walls were covered with blood, being evidence of the brave resistance made by the old laly to the miscreant's attack. About the room were traces of a struggle hav- ing taken place, and from what can be gathered it would appear that the old lady was suddenly surprised by the thief, but with coolness and presence of mind re- markable in a woman of such advanoed years, seized him and endeavolared to eject him. The man, made an attempt to escape, but bars. Kaye held on to him and endeavoured to atttact assistance by screaming. Poss- ibly had it not been for this brave attempt to detain the man Mrs. Kaye would not have been injured. The thief evidently apprehending that outside attention would soon be attracted became violent with the woman, dragged her into the room, and as could be seen from what was found there afterwards, made the most brutal and murderous attack upon her, using the p ker with such force as to cause her death. He then carried out his object of robbing the house.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR I. T. BRUNNER AND THE SCHOOL BOARD QUESTION AT BARNTON.

A parish meeting was held at Barnton, near North- wich,on Monday evening, for the purpose of discussing the School Board question.—SirJ.T.Brunner was present, and appealed to the ratepayers not to accept the Bishop's offer to enlarge the present school, which is without a playground. He promised to give half an acre of ground and £5OO towards a Board school, end to pay sufficient in the first year to bring the rate down to 31. If the ap- peal made to the Education Department ended in favour of the Bishop,he did not mean to relax his efforts to per- suade them to have a good school of their own, and not a clergyman's school, and he would back the people's school against that of the Bishop and clergy. If the worst came to the worst, and the Bishop persuaded the Government not to give a grant to the new Board school, on the ground that it was usnecessary, then he would pay the grant himself until they got a Govren- ment which would give them a grant. (Cheers•)--A. resolution was almost unanimously carried that an ap- plication should be made to the Education Department for the formation of a School Board.—A poll was de- manded.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
* * 3.t lir -* -* * * * * i * Fermenting' follows next -;'- * ' * and then the ' Firingl of * the Leaf. alga * * *all Thesein nit waon nofpaPertantri ionngs taear e . tl 1,111. ii e o"s tFeerrimt i eeVtoa.f sr tion,' as the Planter calls it, is rn iinly *oxidation of the leaf, which is spread in iir layers after leaving the rollers. The still

_ moist mass naturally develops heat after a * *while, and the change of colour, characteris- tic of oxidising in the air, take, place in *time. Thus the green leaf gradually as- * 'names a reddish tint and afterwards a bright copper colour. And the fiavJur containing * *essential oil incre ises So soon as the coprer colour comes, further fermentation must be immediately checkei by subjection to dry * *heat. This is called the " Firing," and is br.aight about by drawing purified air over * itgcglowing charcoal and then passing it through the leafy layers tur• ed from time to time in trays. The final firing takes out the last * *trace of moisture from the leaf and leaves it crisp, still tightly twisted, and mainly * bluish-black in colour. * OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE * sell this perfectly-prepared ';et in i-lb., Ilb. * and 11b. packets, at

* 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-,2/4, & 2/8 * A LB. * And the quality is guaranteed by our cele- brated trade-mark 01 the double-triangle and * our signature on every packet. * BROOKE, BOND &CO * .3 14 LIMITED.

THII LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES. * 17, PICCA.DILLY, MANCHESTER * 29. MARKF.T STREET * *

===== 0002601_18960815_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

AUGUST. FROM WARKINUTON TO

iActon Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 15, 5 35S 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Alt= and Hillhouse-7 12.8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, aGO .7 9 Sundays 9 36, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L A N.-W.)63.0 a 3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0. I 60,5 15. 7 20. 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2C, 11 35, aMon- days only, 6 hioadays excepted Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 1 55.11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. Blackburn -2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 12 25, 2 25, 4 45. 6 14, E 47 Sundays 843. 60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835. 9 55, 11 40. 12 25. 225 4 45, 6 14, 717, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 6 0. Bolton-5 45,8 25.10 9,1040,1 15, 320,4 21, 6 25,7 17,9 2, Sundays 843 a.m., 5 0. 8 58, p.m. Carlisle-2 37, 5 29, b 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 37. 3 35 Chester-7 42,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15.1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, h 11. 4, 7 4?, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 844 10 26 a.m. 7 45, 11 32. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 3 48, 55. 6 20, 78, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a3l, 63 23, 7 10, 735, E 28, 9 50. 10 45, 12 0, 150, 235. 320, 5 15, 720, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 20, 11 35. aMondays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 1 52. 3 13, 5 11,6 4, 742, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 6, 959. 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53, Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25,5 15 p.m. Earlestoa n-5 45,7 10,8 25,8 35,10 5,10 40, fo 55, 12 7,12 25. 1 15,3 30,3 48, 5 5, 5 25 6 20,7 8. 9 25, 1016, 10 30. Sundays, 7 40,8 35, 8 43,a.m. 4 56,60, ( 47,9 45 p.m. Edinburgh-2 37. 529. 9 55, 11 40, 1225, 2 25, 3 48, 10 t Sundays 2 37 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh -7 38, 8 25, 9 43. 11 53, 1 55, 3 30. 512, 6 17, Bb. 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frotisham -7 42. 9 5. 10 23. 12 15. 152, 3 13. 4 22, 5 11, 84 7 42, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 756, 831, 95.12 0. 15. 2 10. 40, 529. 70. 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- days 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdaya only. cSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 529. 955, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 3 48, 19 2. Sundays 2 37, a.m. 9 45. Golborne-5 45,7 10.8 35, 1056,12 25, 1 15,3 43, 5 25, 7 17, 925 10 10. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hoagn Green-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,120, 1 5,2 10,4 0 5 29, 60. 70. 80, 69 30, alo 20. Sunday 9 0,11 25, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 U. 755, Bt3, 7 0, 755, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 56. 10 12, 3 25, 5 15. 7 18,9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20. 7 22, 80,90, 9 58 1049, 12 36. 1 16. 338. 4 11.5.18, 613. 78, a 7 45,9 13 , Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. 1 Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 32. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 105, ' 12 7, 1 15, 3 48, 55,620 7 8, 9 25. 10 30. Sundays 35, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28. 4 56, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 33, 825.9 43, 109, 11 53,1 55. 3 30, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 3.), 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 31. 8 50,95. 950. 1024, 1030, 1050, 1150, 120, 1250, 1267. 15, 1 41, 1 50, 2 10, 2 50,38. 3 37, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 557, 618. 6 50, 7 0, 7 5C.8,0, 8 50, 9 6,9 20,69 3J 10 15 10 46. clllO. 11 39 Sundays 4 3i,5 30. 90, 9 55, 11 25. 2 20, 2 39, 7 10, 830,9 18, 10 18, 10 33. cSaturdays only. alixcept Mondays. bexcept Saturdays. London (L. S:. N.-W.)-a3 0, b 3 23. 735. 9 50. 1045. 12 G 50,3 20,5 15, 11 35. Sundays 3 0, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. London (Midland)-6 16, 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 50,11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20, 7 22, 80. 90, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 3 38, 411, 516. 613.75. a 7 45. 913. Sundays 850, 38, 818. aSaturdays only. Manchester (L. A N.-W.) a 2 45, 63 10, 64 45, 5 45, 710 8 25, 8 35,9 19, 100,10 40, 12 14, 1 15,2 0.3 20, 421, 525, 65 7 17, 92, 1030. Sundays 3 10. 740,843 a.m.,5 0, 60, 747. *5B From High Level Platform. aMoudays only, bllondays excepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-56 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55. 10 46, 1 14, 3 35, 4 9. 6 19, 7 5, 9 10, 1140. Sundays 8 46. 35. 8 15, 11 40. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 13, 8 05. 92. 955, 1055, 1125, 1155, 1255, 155 255, 355, 4 55, 5 55, 6 55,7 0, 7 50, 8 12, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, alO 0, all 15, 1150, bll 57. Sundays 8 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35. 32 /, 515, 718, 855, 922, 9 35, 10 0. aSaturdays only. OSaturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35. 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 45a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 10, 8 35,9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 10 55, 1214, 12 25.1 15. 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5 25, 6 25 7 17,9 2, 9 25, 10 10,10 30. Sundays 3 10,7 40. 8 43, a.m., ,3 5, 5 0, 6 0, 7 47, 8 58, 9 45. aMondays only, cMondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 755,8 13,8 47.10 27. 11 0, 12 27,1 44, 2 17,3 55, 5 28,7 0, 8 12. 9 15. Sundays 856. 10 12, 3 59, 515 9 35. Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 348. 445, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays,2 37, 843, 3 35, 6 0 9 45. Runcorn-7 38.8 25, 9 43. 11 53, 1 55, 3 30. 5 12, 6 17, 80. Sankey (for Penketli)-c7 12, 7 55, 9 5, 105, 11 0. 120, 1 5, 2 10, 2 58, 40. 5 29. 60. 70,80, a 9 30, 610 20, 1046. Sun- days 90, 11 25. 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 55, 10 55, 1255, 1 55, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 3 50, 5 15, St. Helens-5 32, 7 10,6 27,8 35,10 0, 1040. 127, 1 15, 3 30, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 835. 6 43,4 06,6 0, 945 Southport (Cheshire Li aes) -4 3J, o 30,7 12, 8 31, a 9 30. 11 15, 1 14. 315, 40, 55 60,7 9, 9 10, Sundays 9 36, 25, 8 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11- 518, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur ays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -756, 9 5, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, 2 10. 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,7 0, 80. 9 10, a 9 30, 610 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdaya only. Whines (L. and E.-W-) -7 38, 825. 9 43, 10 9, 1153, 1 55, 330, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays. 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Wigan-2 37, 5 29. 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 3 48, 4 45, 6 14. 7 17, 8 47. 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0, 9 45

===== 0002601_18960815_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-636, 7 45. 8 52, 11 43, 3 7, 4 40, 6 44, 829 3undays 753, 4 32. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays 9 20, 2 31,822. Birmingham (L. A: N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30,3 40, 5 50,1 25,8 .30.10 15,11 15. Sundays 3 10,12 15, 70,10 15,11 15. Birmingham (tdidland)-6 5, 850, 11 30, 1 25, 2 40,, 5 40 6 45. 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. bEx- eept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 850. 10 43, 1 55, 24, 3 20,5 34,7 55, 1012, Sundays 8 0, 1 47, 5 40,7 50. Blackpool (Talbot nuad)-8 10, 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 7 10, 835, 100. Sundays 7 25. 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. Blackpool (Central)-7 25, 7 55, 827, 8 55, 9 55. 1025, 1 50, 2 50. 440, 655. 815.1010 Sunda3 s 7 10,1 15, 4 55. 8 40. Bolton-5 45, 8 0, 8 40, 9 15. 10 35, 12 35, 2 20, 415, 5 10, 5 55, 8 30, alo 5), Sundays 820 a.m.,6 10, 930 p.m. aSit2ur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40, 8 40, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 38, 8 41, Sundays 12 5 a.m., 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32, 7 25. 8 45, 9 40, 10 12,11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10. 2 50.3 45, 5 5, 5 30,6 35.7 35,7 45,835, 100. Sundays 2 0, 2 32, 6 30.a,m 6 50,. 8 30.p.m. aSaturdays only. Collins Green-5 39,7 16,8 42.10 9,11 28,12 33,1 4,1 43, 210 3 10. 5 28, 623. 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 8 1 . a.m., 715. rewe-2 j,4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 5. 11 10, 150, 2 35, 4 10.5 40, 6 5, 8 5. 9 20. Sundays 2 1, 4 55, 7 10, 2 40, 40.9 12. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 23. Suude.ys 7 21, a.m., 37 p.m. Derby-13 15, 10 10. 1 10, 35, 350, 4 45, 70,8 3, all, 3b 3 33. Sundays 3 33, 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. olifxcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 59, 7 20. 848, 9 32, 10 13, 10 26, 11 26, 12 50, 1 0,1 47.2 15,3 20,5 8,5 32,5 58,6 373 38, 9 20, al2 0. Sundays. 8 34. 9 59, 10 3. 4 0, 7 23. aSaturdays only. Edinburgh-10 15, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10, Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 9 5, 9 43, 1224, 2 17, 3 21 57,6 2. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 257.87. Frodsham-7 55, 93, 102, 11 27, 232, 4 7, 5 27, 6 57, 8 7 Sundays 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. Gariton(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 742,8 10, 90, 9 Et/. 10 40. 12 5, 12 56. 2 13, 35. 4 20. 4 56. 59, 5 56, 657. 93, 11 21. Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 651, 854. Glasgow-10 0. 20, 5 55, 95. Sundays 5 50, 95, Golborue-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28,2 41, 436,5 35,7 15, 91, 10 42. Sundays 9 40. 75. Houg's Green-7 55, 8 25, 99, 10 3,10 55,1 9.1 54. 2 24, 318, 10 523, 67, 7 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, 4 55,9 10. lrlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 55, 8 52, 11 20, Sundays 10 59. 6 53, 8 :55. 10 0. Latchford-8 13. 8 40, 932 10 2, 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 213 30. 4 22, 5541. 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942. 1127. Sundays 333 2 33,? 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)-a2 55, 60, 80. 920. 11 50. 1 30, 30, 430 5 35,8 35, 10 5, *ll 15. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, am. 6 30, 8 40. aMondays only. *Saturdays only. Via Widnes-6 25,8 20. 95, 9 55. 1235, 1 30. 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 5 20, 65. 8 10, 1045. Sundays 7 45. 210 7 20, 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 7 20. 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 9 35,9 38. 10 30 11 30,11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0, 2 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 50, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 8 0 8 30. 8 40, 9 30, alO 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 2 30, 2 55,4 20,6 30,8 30,833.9 35. aSaturdays only. London (L. & N.-W.)-515, 715,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, 100, 12 0. Suidays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 10 0, 12 0. London (Micllanl)-5 15. 10 5. 12 0. 20, 40, 5 0, a 9 15 12 0. Sundays 9 15, 12 0. 311 aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 5 832. 9 23, 9 54, 11 9 1 11. al 37. 2 5. 250 4 14, b 533. 559 , 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sunaays 825, 225, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 0, 11 25. 15, 2 32,3 0. 3 45,4 25.50, 5 10, 7 5.9 20,10 S. Sundays 80, 8 30, 90, 9 50, a.m. 60, 10 40. From Exchange. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750. 9 25, 1035, 12 35, al 5, 20, 3 40,1b5 5, 5 20. 6 5. 7 5, 8 55, 10 45. Sundays 7 40, 14, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, Y 20, B_3o, a 9 5, 9 30. 935, 10 30, 10 45. 11 30, 12 30. 12 45. 1 30, MO, 3 30, 4 30,, 4 48, 530. 6 30, 6 38,7 30, 3 30, 833, 9 55, alo 50,11 0. Sun- days. 830, 9 10, 9 30,10 40,1 40,2 0 2 5,6 35, 8 15, 9 49. Satur- days only. Middlewich-6 48, 11 37, 2 42, 6 1. Moore-7 0,9 6, 11 57, 3 20. 455. 657. Sundays 8 15, 48. Newton-le-Willows.-6 55. 7 30.8 42, 924. 10 9, 10 22,11 23 11.52, 12 45, 1 6,1 30,3 0, 4 7.4 58.5 5.5 49, 6 27,7 30.7 35, 99, 9 55,11,8,a11 43. Sundays 8 30.9 49,10 0, a.m, 3 55, 7 20, 11 5, a Saturdays oily. Padgate-7 51, 8 26, 90, 10 6. 19. 2 5, 5 18, 73, 9 16. Sun. day 8 53. 11 20, 232. 912, 30 13. Preston-a 2 11, 5 50. 6 25, a 9 5. 926, 10 10, 11 28, 246 4 25, 7 59, 9 30.10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10. 10 46 aMondays excepted. Runcorri-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 43. 6 29, 7 56,9 53. Sankey (tor Penketh)-6 51. 8 5 8 41. 9 25. 10 19. 11 24, 12 36, 136.2 5,2 40. 3 44, 4 35,5 21,5 40, 6 22,7 26, 934. Sun- days 8 49, 3 43, 5 7, 9 28, Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -11 0, 150. 4 50. 70. Sundays 815 a.m. 6 5 p.m, St. Helens-6 25,7 0,8 28,9 18,9 55,11 C,1115,12 5,12 50,1 30, 1 55, 2 55, 4 45,5 15. 610, 70, 90, 10 ia, *ll2O. Sunday 7 50, 9 35,a,m., 655, 95. *Saturiays only. Southport (Lord Street) -8 10. 855. 10 20. 11 25, 1 0, 2 15, 2 53,3 55, 70, 85, a 9 0, 935. Sutkiays 90, 2 10, 80. a 3atur- days only. Thelwall-8 9, 856, 958, 1113, 115. al 41, 29, 255, 4 18, b 537. 63, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 3 29, 1 29. 7 19. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Widnes (L. 6: N.-W.)-7 5, 853. 9 33,10 33. 12 16,1 4, 2 10. i 20, 40.5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 823, 2 50, 7 59. 11 6. Widnes Cheshire Lines)--8 33, 9 15, 10 9, 11 12. 12 25. 1 25. 230. 335. 425, 529. 6 12, 7 16, 755, 9 25. all 42 Sundays 842. 3 36,5 0. 9 7.9 20. aOn Saturdays only. Igan-2 41. 35. 633, 8 15, 9 31, 10 0, 11 23, 12 Wu 253, 425. 454, '525. 75. 8 52,10 30. 5 ur. tys 2 41, 9 30. a.m.,3 40, 655, 11 13.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
!Pt "Cranium" &tries.

PREPAID ADVRRTISRMIINTS.

using under the following neaa. ire inserted in ALL th „above-mentioned Papers for Oh , CIiLARGB, as per scale given below.

One • Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 • 27 36 45 64 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under Es. per Insertion.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
13omeOtit .ttrbantss. &r.

wA.rED, Fiood ;o'n young chil- "dren ; wages 41.=31,r5. BEscea. Staiiiey Mount, Macclesfield.

WANTED at once a few 'good OENERALS.—Miss BARNES. ladies' Registry, 72, Whalley-roa4,'Accrlog- ton, Lancashire. • •

QIIRVANTS with geed character can, have good places andlo good, wages by addressing Mrs. STANLEY, 7, St. Mary's- greet, Malan, Manchester.

T ADY HELP WAIF' ED —One lady, geod situation. -1-4 nail! g menial ; most comfortable homy.-- 114, Broad- Street, Birmingham.

J'- 01.78BMAID•Waitress Wanted; age about 23; three in - family ;references regaired,—Address S., LYNDHURST Davenport Park, Stockport. • • • • '

WANTED a caw, bonest. GUM sa GBNERAL SERVANT.—it ddross Mrs. ISP.amors, Park and Jersey Dairy Farm, near Altrineham. • • • ,

. IaTARRINGTON.—COMFORTABLB mogsß TO LET VT lObby, pszl3ur.litbchen, scullery ; good bedrooms. Key 9. Farrel-street, Howley-lane. Heat 4s. 6d. WiLICITIM, good GIiNBILAL, aged to 33 ; family of 2-; gQOd wage tO reliable person.—Apply, stating refs. lies. A. Br..sunsga.i., Derne Lea, SCias,tt. Huddersfield.

INTANTBn by VOIDOW,'N/ 30, Coftage Laundry. Used to noblemarCsfariffly, elrperit need. no boy. —Apply Mrs. Darpts, Talfarks, Llidilo,. R. 5.0., South wales.

G'RALS, Hltehenmalds: Scullerymaids. all classes of Servants WANTHD ; good wages.—GEoßGE MACPHER. 803, 27, Albany-road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED. .experienced respectable GENERAL BEII7 VANT ; strong, able to Gook ; Protest:int ; family two; part washing sent out.-11Eaczn, 29, Parish Ghyll, Ilkley, Yorkshire.

WANTED, at once, respectableyounv GIRL, 15 to, 11. as useful help. Good hotne and tight , duties.—Apnly Mrs. RicakaDsolir 13, _Birch-road, Higher ,Criunpsall, -Manchester.

_QERVANTS —The new REGISTRY for Servants, 19, HALE- S 3 ROAD. Bowdon. excellent situations for• 'really superior girls.. TAIL smart Houste,mo4l.7Waltreas wauted at once ; al6 Cook-General, no washing.

. . , ./71___BNERAL,XstiperforY for September', iti family' of three. Nil 'to undertake aft 'dutrek ; mfth cleans boots, carries coal &c.—Apply. with references,..s'ating age. Wage, and how Abiiglast'situittfini. .tn. Mri. 'T.erLtia, The Ferns,' Cheadle, Manchester. • '

.• , QRRVANT.—Wantect b GIRL, 18 to 19; from tbe country 1.) iireferrtcl ; two fn family ; assistance given ; .mustilave haracter.--Apply` ' between two to -four, - ALBION HOTEL, 'Clyde-street; Derby"-roati, Bartklntli; Liverpool. A

NA ALE and FRIA.LII NURSES INt,TITUTION, 70, Hope- -ILL street. Liverpool.—Bstabl shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants Mental. Medical and Monthly Nurses. Massage. •apply or telegr pb.—•• urges," Liverpool. Telepbone,s7o

P RiN'flliG Rood and cheap ;inquiiies soli;s irtl4, compel_ 'tfon defied, estithhies *kiVerl.—W.l ,tlnter Leicester. : • ) ,1; -3,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIM.

AITANTED,Sofferers from Lumbago or Dropsy gend 14 •VV stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, EuxtOn

'Charley:

ArANTED •Sinar JUNIOR for weighing up and to be V V generally 'useful. Send full particulars.--CHaftLES Xili3BoP9UiliS.

WANTiv ED. care of Infant, only one taken, no ot-r muree children, higlaest reierence.-31.A., care of 16, ELM- ROAD, Walton, Liverpool.

-CILNADIAN FAllMlNA7.—Openinge for 10 pupt s; board, V lodging, pay. pamphlet tid;--,HEita HOWDZN, 14, St. 4ameti-straet, Sheffiold. .

SMALL SYNDICAtP riow forVng to place • proprietory articlea onthe mark. Tct,tal wanted R2OO. -C. MILLER. 32, Great bt.lielene,London.

lAppl-e-Ciffiunii. Tears, Beans. Greenstuffs &c.; .Auantati,,• , numerous local referenceb.—H SNEY .984AD,t,Boroulei Market', Lottdon: ' -4' • -

, VANTBD, a good Ito'My WHBBLWRIGHT, constant A . work for a good workman.—Appy HENRY -WOOD, 31, Waterloo-road. Btirsteni, fluiffcredstAre, :- " - _ OLD BNGRAVING§ (especially portraits), !bolts, ,War • Medals, Wanted , 'Cash, ox.. exchange. duplicates.— CoLLEcToil, Fernside Villa, Burnaby-bt , Chelsea. •.- -: .• BHIRMINGAM GOODS. Furniture, Bassinettes,Wrlngers, Toys. Hardware, Jewellery. Watches, &O.=,.ACi4IOITS Wanted. Wholesale book free.—HENRY MAY; Birtairlghtlin.

E M P L O Y MENT for willinz workers everywhere. iCither sex, , work 't.air,-3piettlant. ,profitable. Instructions. 'Stantibed envelope.—BLUE litnausf Burton-in-Lansdale.

WrOBACCONISTS• commencing' ,See jlluitratel Guide and Catalogue (259 pages) 3d. —Toasunos4aTle OUllPlTT- 'lll6*cooB6'l4nstonloiad,, Lortdon...(so years' reputation) • -Idipiager,eltaarair-hisrLasi.

WANTED by „married MU' used to a large trade, a SITUATION as first'or Second hand or any placed 'trust. Bread and smalls, pies, Ac.—Address BAILER. 34, Faulkner-street. Hoole, Chester. ' •

WAR MEDAL , 3. Old Badges Military Relies, and Prints of every description, wanted ; Eland upwaids given ' for fine speeimena. BLiOre parting with any ot these obtaio -an offer from B. DinvlES, hythe, Kent. rea,.

I_IOMS WORK, Plain Writers, Boor Agency, by Corres- pondents, ss. to 255. Weekly. Particulars 23„ and • Stamped addressed envekve own writing.—B. GROVES, 31, Palace Terrace, Pulbam,bondon. . , A. SMART Young MA* Wanted. Canvassing. Warrington and surioonding towns. . Exceptional opening for ener- getic man. Address in first instance. Wail., 517, Messrs. GALL.LOR ER, and Co., 289, strand, London.

A GENT 3 WANTED for the Celebrated , NOitley , Safety ' BtCYCLISS •' bi;st and. ,cheitiest ; sample machines supplied on special terms; send stamps for terms.—THE NovtiA.Y CoMpAtit..l3yrentry Cycle Wccrks. Reading. x . _ _ Office

A LI-PFIRSONS possessed bt g0t714 ;education, from . /-1_ Boy, Junior Clerks. Clerks, k,o that, of Secretary. Manager, Br.e., age 14-25 are guatanteed eTeel:ent Situstions salaries from 143 to o 6 weekly.-41,11particulart Mr. TII:DIES- -I..fint, Lavendtr Hill. London,

NSPECTOIO of Weights' and Measures. permanent Local Government appointments foe intelligent men over twenty-one, ; salaries *:,120 to 2....150, a year ; candidates coached for Board a Trade examination by certifi,d inspector. Write for particutar.ta CL,kitiLLlPs. Coakham, Rutland. x •

50,000 Ajtewnetisiewryik, Nanm 'IT' inhtdoV forzhosus edat;ohoedss for the London and ,Birmitzham Watch Company; extis.or dinart 0011=1800n : eve'rybady should .write to us whi are deslrious of increasinv. their ineolne.-.—CANTRAL OFFIdES„ Corpora:ion- street,,Bir.mingham,

UPIL.—IftviNE BLNYERIIASSICTV. Auctioneer, v.and Cri3khowell, P Valuer, and Land Agent. Abergavenn with extensive and varied ,pritctioe, including weeiy- stock sales. has vAcancy for Young Gentleman of good education as Articled Pupil at a Premium; an unusual opportunity cif learning every branch of the profession; bankers and solicit ore' references sexchangect -, good opening for one anxiouslth • learn ; references irons former pupils-. , '

Co bt Ltt. • _ DBRCY-STRBET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houes„re decorated 55. 110YLB-ST.. re-decorated gonses.34.9d. BLVK - STREET, Warringtim OFFIOIp, from £5. ROOM. DINKETII.—Semi-detached ROUSBS with -gardens, £l5 and £l3 per year. Cottages 38.6 d. au d,Zs. Bd. 'per wetk

Apply, ROBERT Lown,.. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warringtori. Telephone—No. 65.

pREMIES suitable for. WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.-- APPIy ASEETON AND WOODS, SOlititOrs, Horsemarket-Bt., Warrinet.ou..

rro -LET.—Good COIT AGES off Lovely Lane, rent 48. .L Apply 48T hand WoODS; Solicitors, Horsomarket-at„ . Warrington. ' • , • rro LET.—(3ood HOUSE, 36, Pierpolutistreet, rent 48. I_ Apply ASHTON and WooDe, Solicitors, Ilorsemarke4,- -szotxeet, Warrington.

. . filo LET.—Good HOUSE, 28, Catherine-et., :3 p'Aroome. _L rent. 4. 6d.- Apply ASIITOX. and Woops,- soliaitore, Npreiemarket-street, Warrington.

- T_TOUSIS, situate, Eagle Mount, Wilder:pool, composed of -11. two sitting-rooms, kitchen, celLte, and other sonNeni'- -enees ; rent £l6.—Apply J. BoarocK, W ilclerspocl, Warring-

===== 0002601_18960815_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
tbv&tork, scr.

piGs._R: D. attiIRATT. Barton, Anipthtll. Bads can de. liver splendid growers imd. stores of ' all deagriptionS .cheap now. . • 11)1G3.—Grand lot of 17313FUL STOI/113, all sizes. at prices -1- to suit the times. Inspection, invited. Delivered free. Fresh lot every :aturdsy ; 70 to 80 to choose from. Letter, promptly attended to,—TavLoa., near Station, :Newteu-le- Willows. . -----'-*-----"----..

SORE 61101.ILDERS, SORE BACKS, Sm., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, /tracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, „Woz. Is. : 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. IJETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for T curing diseases 11 Horses Dogs, &a. from 00MDra Jima/ possa, 6 Turunalll-444et, Lode aa .0.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Atorellantows.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
AfitortUantsuo.

%MADE SEORICTS.—Thirty ways of getting honest living, L M.—BENSON, 77, Linaker-street, Southport. x _

===== 0002601_18960815_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADV-ERTISEkENTS. , One Charge secures Insertion of the underMentionec.l Adver • tisements in ALL the MK px4ituiciPts• - One • Three • Six _Week. Weeks. Weeks.

LW • Os. 6d. .:. 1.-15". 2s. Od. 27 Os. 94. ... Is. 101. ... 3s. ad. •sd is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Ocl. 145' ls. 3d. ... 3s. id.. 5. Oil. •54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. qs. Od.

• These.,chvggs. apply only to the classes 'of advertise nifini specified below, and are Strictly confined to -those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION I-otherwise-they wilt be-oherged by„th9 Business scale : r4PA ...W;iilielS W 1-fAtrAt 41-14.41,°M1*, yo 7 adtMl 720.1524 don) t. -1 •-AwriCLES LOST' - -- m ISCELLANEOUS WANTS • • A Rtr,ples Fousbi Lmtpctr6247oX-4.A.LEs fitrsig4ss*srliOn rhsiosaL PKaplr. BIT s wits, WANTND °CEA •TO LET • ServatlONS VACANT .. . . onN WAL-AEt, &,...,01Th:.jya;.":". • , e' ' ' "EXA*INAR" OirEVIK7';ITARRIPpI'OFf,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
lAT H. WORSLEY, Yr • ' "THE PANTHEON," UAYTHOEN, • MANCHESTER. Close to Central Station. Alexandra Pars Trams pass the door. • Euirness hours, Nine -to SeVen.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
+i6.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
T. olarbintrp,_ tizt4; oil ,ginfir

===== 0002601_18960815_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
hi,,tv4

GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleaaant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value tor yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from oole Proprietors PRITCHARDS LTD. Cab:MIST. CHEADLE, DIANCHESTE.R.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18960815_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
9 a ra 0

===== 0002601_18960815_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
.....4 --__ 1

CS: CAP

1•"" = I

ONLY THE BEST

THE M.O.D.

1"."

CUTTERS AND

EMPLOYED.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i•--. 1 ..,t C-Z

===== 0002601_18960815_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKMEN

CORDIALLY INVITE AN INSPECTION OF ALL THEIR DEPARTMENTS.

& 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, IVARRINoTON.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•I

===== 0002601_18960815_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
g*r, a'4X {pt., CD s.rno y

td 12:1 g m CO rn I'4 CD 1-3 cV

t\D <;:r

ckD

C 4 c.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZE DAIRIES. PRICES MOST REASONABLE.

HENRY .MILLING & CO., LTD.,

, 5, HORSEMARKET-STILBET AND

CORPORATION-STREET,

WARRINGION.

Telephone No. 48. Telegrams " Milling, Warrington."

===== 0002601_18960815_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
,„

TRH Cretan. question still seems t° The Eastern, in the Question. command' • more attention political world than any other 'subject: the same time it cannot be said the; any advance has been made towards a solution• 6: Acult international problem. All thst 'known this-week that was not known last, is the' folt*:iiiae'Ottristians have been murdered in 01° distressecl-. island by fanatical Moslems, and the° the indignation of ,the people of the kingdonl Greece is being aroused to such an extent by the° atrocities upon their kinsmen that the Gre°l%,.. dovernment may, in spite of every warning, 1",,' compelled to declare war against the Sultan. su(' :a declaration of war would, it is needless to selt raise, the dreaded ‘4 Eastern Question" its acutest 'form., The outbreak of hostilitie7, between Greece and Turkey would be the ale for ..various subject races to rise in rebellien agailist " the intolerable oppression of Use Take and, the" Sick Man " would then undoubtedly IS/ neat his end. The Greet Poitiers of, Europe citio not want, the = Turkish government to collapse e_d the present moment because they cannot agree': to who shall 'inherit the fertile countries whic' shave been blighted' for Centuries by D'lohammede° rni4ule;-: Yet they are themselves to blame for el critical situation:that has arisen. Had they de' i firmly !Pith the Armenian question, with a vie/ t°7 protecting the Christian subjects of the Porte, tlie present state of things would probably have heel: avoided. But the Sultan was practically alloy:0 a free hand in his dealings with the Armenia and the Turkish appetite for the massacre c"' Christians has consequeLtly grown to a monstroile extent. The result is the sudden develor ment of this Cretan question, the seriousneo of which cannot be exaggerated. The obvione remedy is now, as it was in the case of Arreeni* for the •European Governments to combine in clir' manding. such concessions as will satisfy the retool? able demands of the Cretan insurgents. Failing; this general agreement it might be possible for oe° or more of the Powers,with the consent or at WO tho forbearance of the others, to place the neces: sarrcompulsion upon the Sultan in order to brim" 'him to terms. It has been rumoured this iveela that such an agreement has actually been arrange, between this country and Russia. This agreemeo" so it is said, applies not only to Crete but °°fr Armenia as well. The English fleet is to protee' the Cretans and the Russian army is to intervell.! on behalf of the Armenians if necessary. There 1; something almost like poetical completeness abc)lit this. latest i,ersion of European diplomach unfortunately the whole story is as yet sadlY need of confirmation. There is, in fact, a stet!: ment on the. other side to the effect that Russia tow now as she was last year 'altogether opposed op any pressure being brought tobear upon the tan. There;is, however, one thing to be thaul° for. It is now confirmed boyond question tilt!, Lord SALISBURY, acting on behalf of this countrP has definitely refused to have anything to do witil suppressing the Cretans for the benpfit of the 0 tan. Such a monstrous proposal had it alWeilta been made by the Austrian Government, but fAr fro SALISBURY certainly acted in accordance with P lie feeling in this co•mtry when he put his /If upon it. Judging from the statement made 01 Parliament on Wednesday our own Governmeop, has decided upon a fairly definite policy. It aincs/

===== 0002601_18960815_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
to this, that if any compulsion is to be used it must be applied against the Sultan as well as against his insurgent subjects. The Sultan is, if the British Government has its way, to be com- pelled to meat the wishes of the Cretans to a reasonable extent, and, what is more, he is4to7give satisfactory guarantees that his promises of better government will be faithfully carried out. This Would, in effect, mean the granting of self-govern- ment to Crete, for there could be no satisfactory guarantee of good government as long as the Pashas of Constantinople were allowed to inter- fere with local administration. It is to be hoped that the other Powers of Europe will see the wis- dom of the English plan of dealing with Turkish troubles. It is a plan which could be applied as Occasion required to other disturbed portions of Turkey, and it seems to offer the only alternative to that violent break-up of the Ottoman Empire Ivilioh may lead to a disastrous European war.

THE "national game of cricket " Cricket. has held a truly national place in the minds of the people this week. This is mainly due to two causes—one being the rubber match between the England and Australian teams, the other being the "strike of the profeb- eionals." The Australian cricketers have done Wonderfully well in England. When there names Were first announced there were not a few critics 41 this country who wrote in a disparaging fashion ef their capabilities as batsmen ar..d predicted that the tour in England would be,if not a failure, at least a very inoified success. But these critics have had the doubtful satisfaction of seeing all their kournful forecasts completely falisfied. The Aus- tralians have, as cricketers, been a great success. "they have defeated every English county that has played against them, and their vic- tories have in many instances been of of a very pronounced character. They were de- feated in the first of the" England v. Australia" klatches, but in the second they won a very cre- ditable success. The intense interest that was taken in the final match this week was in itself a high compliment to our visitors. It showed that the result of the match was by no means taken Or granted, although England was to be repre- Icated by the best.team of ccricketers that could be got together in this country. This fact in itself 4Poke volumes for the formidable reputation Which the Australian players have established. /'ortunately the result of the match still leaves the supremacy in cricket in the charge a the liother Country, but had the Australians won 40 one could have said that their success was due tO a" fluke." It would simply have been the crowning incident in a particularly successful,tour. the" strike of the professionals," as it has been termed, was in one respect a splendid advertise- Nett for the great match, while it did no harm so far as the selection of players was concerned, as The " strike " was at an end before the team was Anally arranged. It, arose through the profes- 4ionalk of the Surrey Club asking for the fee of t2O each for playing at the great match in place .14 £lO which has been the usual payment. There lei it appears, a good deal to be said on behalf of the claims of the professional cricketers. The game le only played about four months in the year, and .8a they have to pay all their own expenses incur- teql in travelling and in other ways, it is said that oeo the best amongst them barely earn sufficient to keep them the year round. Their earnings cer- tainly fall a long way short of those of some other Professional caterers for public amusement, and they are even very much less, it is said, than what are secured by distinguished amateurs under the head of "expenses." , Yet the amateur ,has to be SatretullY described in the cricket reports as " Mr." while the %ere professional is only known by his surname, which is• an offensive form of snobbish- Ass. The amateur )1? 05 not disdain to pocket his expenses has lull access to the pavilion arid its Drivileges whilst thehrunble " pro " is carefully exl- --'l4cled as though he were an inferior mortal. Yet the professionals who have made most of the 554, aty teams what they are, and it is their skilfull ,13143 P which draws the " gates " from which the 4411ds are drawn. On the whole, therefore, it 4eenas evident that these professional cricketers have real grievances which should be remedied. As 11.11 example of the contrasts in payment it is said, Or instance, that as a result of ,the match of this Week the Austrailian players will probably receive eoreething like 210 Q each, while the two English Professional bowlers, Peele and Hearne, who really Won the matAwill receive £lO each and out of this ellni they will have to pay their own 'railway fares ,10. and from London and their aw n expenses whilst 111' the capital. There is here, surely, a glaring in-,. equality in the distribution of the profits. It is a 'reversal of the old maxim of the spoils to the *isotor."

Paople in Runcorn are becoming impatielt 'through waiting to hear what success has attended

• the efforts of the members of the Trade Committee, arid Dr. Gastaldi last week in asking a question re- Aarding its work pointed out that the committee 'and been inexistence four months. This may be An but it is unreasonable to expect tte committee :to revolutionize trade-in a few months. We hardly- , • . W•nt see what tli6 coainiittee can do in the matter and beyond laying the claims and advantages of Ituncorn before manufacturers likely to open Or ex- • ten&works;there does not seem to be anything that

Can be .done. No.doubt the committee is doing the •I)est it .can, but even when that best is done they -gatinot compel firms to open up works in the town.

Last week's Co-operative Stores meeting held oat

• the faintest possibility of the Wholesale Society's tobacco manufactory being set up in Runcorn. , When the idea was first mooted by the Wholesale

Society. the local committee promptly put in a -Claim co behalf of Runcorn,and as the matter is up to nuw unsettled, there is still the chance that this

tract) may be brought to Runcorn. It will eertainly be an acquisition if it does come as there is every likelihood that it will open up a market for female -labour as well as for a fair number of men.

Margaret Antrobus, aged 17, is a violent young 14, IY, if her behaviour at the Dutton Workhouse may .°E looked upon as any criterion. Having been an ,Intiate of the Workhouse since childhood she haS 'atterly given the workhouse authorities much tr°4ble and on Saturday last, through some unex- Maimed reason, she became unusually violent and lvithler band broke eight panes of glass. In ex- !enhatki.on of this unwonted bitterness to the glaziers' Ilandiwork, the magistrates on Monday sent Mar- to gaol for 14 days.

1,41. Walk t,s? Weston will tend to prove that the 41:111Ding trzde in Runcorn is fairly active. The lay- -0)11. there is t4xel to its utmost and the forest of Ps'nut;ts and riggiegs rives the place the appear- Of a busy Weapon. Recently complaints have Made that v‘issels drawing 22 feet of water 1)°.111d not get to the lay-by, and if this is so the toisutriet Council should insist upon the agreement "ato a depth of 24 ft. in that particular spot.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

BILLIARD LEAGUE.

A billiard league amongst the Cheshire Liberal clubs is about to be formed and the composition of the league will probably include such towns as Runcorn, North- wich, Knutsford, Nantwich, Crewe, Warrington, Da*fen- ham, Altrincham, and Chester.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
STARR-BOWKETT APPROPRIATION AT RUNCORN.

In connection with this society in Runcorn an appro- priation was made by ballot on Monday evening under the presi&ncy of Mr. James Cook?.. Mrs. J. R. Frith was the holder, of the lucky number drawn, and she accordingly became entitled to £2OO free of interest for 121 years. ELLESMERE-STREET SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN.

The scholars attending this schoolopent Monday after- nocn on the hills at Overton. During the day a substan- tial tea was provided, the teachers at the school presid- ing at the tables. A return was made about nine o'clock, Runcorn being reached after a pleasant day's enjoy- ment.

PRESENTATION TO MR. W. H. CHADWICK, RUNCORN. On Tuesday evening Mr. W. H. Chadwick was pre- sented with a large steel engraving framed in oak and gold, as a mark of recognition of his services for many years in connection with the superintendency of Bethesda Congregational Sunday School. Miss Richardson and Miss Johnson introduced by the pastor (the Rev. J. Simpson) made the presentation.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CYCLING CLUB RUNS.

On Saturday, that days section journeyed to Chelford, near Macclesfield the route taken being through Knuts- ford. The Wednesday section travelled to Hoylake.now famous for its golf links.—To lend variety to the run the journey was made via Liverpool while in returning the members passed throug Heswall and Chester. SALTATION ARMY TREAT AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday, 360 poor children were provided with tea in the Salvation Army Barracks, Runcorn, the occa- sion being the, termination of Lieut. Urquhart and Cap- tain Sherlocks stay in Runcorn. Before the tea a march out was held, and a meeting took place after the tea. The proceedings were very successful throughout. The funds were provided by subscriptions from different townspeople.

_ _ WALKING MATCH AT RUNCORN. On Wedeesday afternoon, a long pending walking match took place between Mr. W. Bankes, hairdresser, Runcorn, and Mr. R. Richardson. The course selected was from Halton Brook to the Red Lion Hotel, Moore., and Bankes going rapidly, completed the distance in 36, minutes. Richardson gave up the contest in the earlier. stage so that Bankes was returned as winner. VOLUNTEER CHURCH PARADE AT RUNCORN.

The members of the Runcorn Companies of the Ches.: hire Volunteer Regiment assembled 4 t their headquarters in Greenway-road on Sunday morning, and proceedcd to the Parish Church, were a sermon whs preached by the Rev. Alan Williams of the Mersey Mission to Seamen Liverpool. There were on parade:—Captains Harrissin, Thompson, and G. F. Ashton, Lieut. Brandrit, Quarter- master Sergeant flankinsop!, eight sergeants and 70 rank and file.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO A RUNCORN MANAGER.

Mr. Callender, on leaving the Riincorn Soap and Alkali Co.'s works, of which he has been manager for tile last few years, was presented with a malacca walk- ing stick, Older mounted, containing a suitable inscrip- tion,fa gold pendant, and silver serviette rings for Mrs: Callender. Reference was made at the presentation ceremony to the kindly manner in which Mr. Callender had carried out his duties since he had been manager of the works, and the way it had been appreciated by the men.. It may be interesting to note that Mr. Callender leaves Runcorn for Constamtinople, where he goes to undertake the managership of a smokeless cordite manufactory.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
MISHAP TO A RUNCORN RIVER PILOT.

On Tiesdav afternoon, a rather curious accident befel Captain H. Hill of illuncorn, a well-known river pilot. The Captain wag on thl pierhead and about to step on a steamer, when Joe of the ropes " surged au.l caught him by the legs, thereby flinging him into the tidal basin under the stern of the steamer: The Captain being a sturdy swimmer immediately struck out for a ladder built in the wall which he soon reached and was able to climb on to the pier. Captain Hill quickly went home and having procured a change of clothing he proceeded to the mouth of the river with the belated steamer. The danger most feared by the bystanders was that the scraw might begin to work and cut the captain to pieces but very fortunately this did not happen.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
A VIOLENT &Aiwa AT RUNCORN

On Wednesday morninv,,at the Runcorn Police Court, before Mesqrs. F. J. Norman and S. Taylor, C.C., a sea- man, answering the name of Robert Leonard, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Tuesday night and tefusing to quit the licensed premises in Church-street known as the Lord Rodney. From the evidence given it was gathered that prisoner entered the licensed premises and asked to be supplied•with drink. On being refused he became very violent,ran the daugh- ter from behind the bar and threw two or three bottles after her along the lobby. P.C. Kendrick, who was called in, said the man was very violent and refused to leave the house and he had to take prisoner into custody. A fine of 20s. and 54. 441. costs was imposed. .

===== 0002601_18960815_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MARVELLOUS ESCAPE FROM DEATH A-T RUNCORN.

On Monday afternoon Henry Prophet, a Winsford lad, aged 10 years, met with a serious accident under the fol- lowing circumstances. He, with several children, was playing on Beacon Hill, Runcorn, and had climbed the highest point of the hill overh&oging a disused quarry. While there the lad seems to have lost his balance as he fell a distance of 30 feet into the quarry. Two men who witnessed the accident/pinkly went,to the lad's assist- ance and'thay were surprised to find him alive, though bleeding from a wound in his head. Having been carried to his grandmother's residence,at 18,Picow-street,he was afterwards examined by Dr. Robinson's assistant, who found that he had sustaiaed a severe bruise to his head, and that the back was badly bruised besides general 'shock to the systeni. No bones were broken.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL AT RUNCORN.

The funeral of the body of Mr. James Dutton took place on Tuesday afternoen in the ,Ruacorn Cemetery. Mr. Dutton 'died last Saturday at his residence in Victoria-road at the age of 72 years. Formerly he carried on business in the town as a slate manufacturer but of late he had been in business as an undertaker &c. De- ceased was a prominent Wesleyan, a staunch teetotaler, 'and a Liberal . and as such was greatly respected. The Rev. T. Brackenbury, performed the cerernony, and there were present at the.grave side, Messrs. C. F. and A. Dutton (sons), Messrs. A. and H. Dutton, Mr. Stanley Gorst, and Mr. W. batiOh (ifakdsons), Mr. W. Gorst (son-in-law), Mr. J. Basnett, Stoke, Mr. D. Basnett, Bed- ford Leigh, 'Mr.W.Cooper,Widties;Messts. A; R. Norman, T. bee, J. Lee, R. Morrie, J. Easley, and J. J. .Neild. Wreaths were sent by " Polite and Gerty.", Miss Hazle- Must, (Manchester), Mr. and Mrs. C.,Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. F. Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. A. Dutton, •Mr. and Mrs. W. Gorst, Mr. and Mrs. W. Hough, " Ellen "Mrs. Jame- sta2,,,and Mr. G. Brockbank.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT BY A SAILOR AT RUNCORN.

On Friday merning at the Runcorn Police Court,before Messrs. S. Taylor, C.C.,and F.. 7. Norman, Enoch Leach, a seaman, was charged with, stealing a pair, of sea boots valued 183., the property of. Arnold Unswortb, on Wed- nesday night. Arnold Unsworth, bootand shoe-maker, Percival-lane, said that on Wednesday night, primmer and another man called at his place after ten o'clock, and they were shown some boots. The sea boots were amongst the goods shown. The left about ten minutes to eleven, and next morning when he straightened his shop no he missed the boots. He went to the docks and saw defendant and asked him for the Wellington boots he had taken. Detendant hod a box in his hand which he unlocked and gave witness his beets back.—P.Q. Wylie stated that on Thursday morning be was called to Mr. Unsworth's shop where he found the prisoner, and Mr. Unsworth said he had stolen a pair, of boots. He brought him down to the station and charged him with stealing the articles.—Prisoner pleaded guilty and.rhad nothing to say except that he was very sorry. It was the first time he had been in a police court. Prisoner was fined 203. or in default 14 cloys', imprisonment. —At the same court Thomas Fisher, an old man, of Batford, was charged with wandering abroad at Runcorn and soliciting alms. Prisoner pleaded guilty but was dis- charged en promising to clear out of the town. MARRIAGE OF TUE REV. Da. PRESTON'S SON. A quiet but very pretty wedding took place on Wed- nesday, when Mr. T. W. D. Preston, L.R.C.P., of Colin Green House, Mosborough, Derhystaire,the only son of the Rev. W. Preston, D.D., vicar of Holy Trinity. Runcorn, and nephew of the late Archdeacon Blackeney, vicar of Sheffield, and Miss Liliaft Mary Derbyshire, second daughter of the Rev. B. Derbyshire, MA., f Grassendale„were married. The ceremony was performed by the father of the bridegroom, assisted by the Rev. C. Yeid, M.A., vicar of Grassendale, at St Mary's Church, Grassendale. The bride, who looked very pretty, was given away by her father. She wore a smart gown of fawn canvas over pink silk, with bodice of embroidered grass lawn and empire sash and belt with large hat to match, and she carried a magnificent shower bouquet of white roses, lilies, and white heather, the gift of the bridegroom. There was one bridesmaid in attendance. Miss Ivy Dirbyshire, the bride's youngest eister, who wore a white muslin frock, with large white hat trimmed with feathers and pink roses, and carried a nosegay of pink .sweet pea; she also wore a watch, the gift of the bridegroom. The best man was Mr. W. Leete Derbyshire. Mendelssohn's Wedding March was played on the organ as the party were leavine the church. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Derbyshire entertained the bridal party, which nembered forty,at their residence, King's Lea„and later in the afternoen,anaid showers of good wishes,the happy couple left for North Wales. The presents which num- bered over 100, were most costly.

Lord Armstrong, who is to entertain Li Hhung Cang next week, will have a good deal to show his visitor. His palatial residence at Cragside, with its ingenious electric lighting and other internal arrangements, will prove what can be done in a British country house. But the Chinese statesman will, no doubt,, had more to in- terest him in the neighbouring Itlswick works, for was not this the birthplace of several of those Japanese fight- ing craft which proved only too efficient at the mouth of the Yalu River and elsewhere ?

===== 0002601_18960815_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURPAY, AUGUST 15. 1896.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
MYSTERIOUS A'FFAIR ON LIVERPOOL LIVERPOOL

EXPRESS TRAIN.

A fatal, and, as yet, mysterious occurrence took place on the Liverpool to Hull express, 3.45 from Liverpool; Central, on Friday afternoon, last week. As the express' at full speed approached the Widnes East Junction, near Farnworth, the driver of the Midland goods train which was approaching from the other direction, observed just as he came abreast of the express, a man fall out of a earflap door on the permanent way. He stoppe,ci his train and shouted to the signalman, who at once 'ob- served a man lying between the two seta of metals. He wired to Sankey to stop and examine the train, and in t e meantime he and the driver and guard of the goods train went up to the man, whom they found terribly cut about the head and otherwise mutilated. He was taken to the signal box, and Dr. O'Neill, Farnworth,sent for, but the injured man only lived about half an hour. From papers in his possession,it was found that his name was John Riley. he was apparently a seafaring man,, well-built, and of middle age. He had a ticket from Liverpool to Warrington. The ,body was conveyed to the Horn Inn, Cuerdley. In accordance with the stop and examine signal the express train was pulled up at Sankey, when it was' found that the carriage door was open, and that there was another passenger, a Warrington man, in the com- partment. The door was closed,and the train proceeded- but at Warrington the man was questioned. He said he was asleep at the time the occurrence happened, and he knew nothing about it. He did not know deceased. THE INQUEST. An inquest was held on the body by Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy-coroner, at the Horns Inn, Farnworth, on Mon- day afternoon-. Mr: William Gibson was foreman of the jury, and Mr. Simpson appeared' on behalf of the. Rail- way Company. Johanna Riley deposed that she lived at Calvert's-lane, Audenshaw, near Guide Bridge, Lancashire, and the deceased was her husband. He had worked at Garside's Brewery, Ashton-under-Lyne, for 16 years, but he had not worked anywhere for three years, she having kept him. He was 51. years of age. She last saw him alive at home a week last Saturday when he went te he 'sis- ter's and then to Liverpool, and took his papers with him to try and find employment. They lived very happily together and could not have been more ccm- fortable. Deceased had never threatened to take his Joseph Coyle, ship's cook, 112, Victoria-square. off Scotland-road, Liverpool, said he had known the deceased for a number of years, but had not seen him for a long period, until last Thursday. He then told witness that he had walked from Manchester to Liver- pool, arid had sat on the Custom House steps, Liverpool, for two nights. Witness and his wife gave deceased 3s. to take him back home. He left to go the Central Station, and at that time seemed down-hearted. E I cvard Slight stated that he was the guard of the 345 express from Liverpool to Hull on Friday., The train stopped at Garston and the carriages were then all right. The carriage occupied by the deceased was the third from his van. The first thing that drew hi A at- tention to something being wrong was when stopped by signal at Sinkey Station. when he found that a door was opened on the six-foot side. The window was down, and the door onlv opened from the outside. There was a man lying asleep in the carriage, whom he had since as- certained was Themas Skelhorn, who vas employed by Mr. Thomas Abel, Top Locks, Runcorn. Witness asked him what he w tieing with the carriage door open' but he was half asleep and said that he had not opened it. The train then proceeded to Warrington, and witness then got the address of Skelhern. He subsequently heard that a man had been found on the line. Evidence was then given by David Bolton, 'signal man and Thomas Pennington, fireman of a goods train which was passinc the box at the same time that the express was passing. They stated that they saw deceased stand- ing with the door open. Belton further added that'he saw the deceased step from the carriage platforrrs as coolly as if he were alighting from a, carriage in a station.

At this point a telegram was received from the man Skelhorn, stating that he was engaged as a witness at the Liverpool Assizes and was unable to appear at the inquest. The Coroner then read the following signed statement from Skelhorn :—He (Skelhorn) lived at 118, Knutsford- road, Warrington. He entered a third-class compart- ment at Liverpool on Friday afternoon. Just as the train was moving off another man got in the carriage. He was smoking a pipe, and witness told him that it was not a smoking compartment. The man then put the pipe in his pocket and said he could do without a smoke until he got to Warrington. Skelhorn then fell asleep, and was awakened at Sankey by the guard who had found the door open. When the train proceeded on its journey he tried to remember what had become of his fellow-traveller. He then conjectured that he, must have jumped from the carriage, and at Warrington he gave the gu'ard his name and address. Whenehe spake to deceased about smoking be noticed that he had a very strange appearance. The Coroner remarked that the statement was a very straightforward one, and he saw no reason why the in, quest should be adjourned. .• Dr. o:Neil stated that he had examined the body, and was of Opinion that death was due to concussion of the brain caused by the injury received in the fall on the metals. An open verdict was accordingly returned. •

I4THE LANE REV. C. DE P.. GLIDDON.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE .SHIP CANAL .AND THE FORE-

SHORE RIGHTS.

ORRED v.IIANCEIESTER SHIP CANXL COMPANY.' This action again occupied the attention of the Nisi Prins Court. at the Liverpool Assizes on Monday. 'Be- fore Mr. Commissioner pugclale Q.C. and jury.. It will be remembered that Major Orred, lord of the manor of Weston, sought to recover from the hkancheater Ship Canal Company nossession of or compensation fer a piece of the foreshore of the Mersey in the' manor of Welton between Frodsham and Rencern. Counsel,fer the plaintiff were Mr. Bigham, QC., M.P., and Mr. Stuart Moore ; and the defendant company was repre- sented by Mr. M'Call, Q.C., and'Alr. Roskill.—The'de- fendant company in cOnstructing their canal had used the piece of foreihore in question, and' they now dis- puted the plaintiff's title to it, and contended that U it was his.hs had lost his tight to it by standing by and al- lowingithe defendant company to build on the land.— The plaintiff put in ancient documents and called wit- nesses to establish his title, to show that he reneatedly asked the defendant Company to pay for the foreshorei and to prove' that they said that they had settled with the Crown for it, r.nd that pthe Crqvci 4,wonld pay the plaintiff if hiaptle was proved. His Lordship in stitnreing up sad that the preiump- tion wasoanless rebutted by facts, that the foreihore of the navigable, .river belonged to 'the Crown. In this .case, however, documents had been put 'in, Which went hack to Domesday Book, and which raised the presump- tion that there had been a grant of that. portion- _of it to mid-stream to the lord of the manor of. Weston. The doeurnente, 'which included a restriction to fish 'up to traid-stieattl, rised,itthis opinion, such a PresomPtiOn: His opinion also Was that the documents shoWed a suffi- cient title to the:land in the plaintiff,unlees it was upset by something better- .In addition to that, the Plaintiff had, shown that.hia ancestors had dealt. with this pro- perty so long hack as 1860,and again in 1866. He was of opinion'that there was ample evidence to show that the person who was entitled to the manor at the present time wae thaplalntiff. If the manor included the fore:- shore to midstream that Would show a good title for the plaintiff. The question was whether the 1 evidence shook thattitle. Some of the Witnesses did het help the cause they were called to support for they admitted that the owners of the land did not MA them. fishing Or getting the stones. The next question was one of estoppel by conduct, and to decide upon that the i inry Would have to follow the correspondence between j the parties ariclsee what action the plaintiff! had 'taken to he paid for th., land,by the defendant Company. ' Of course, if the jury found for the Plaintiff, it weuld not mean,es they already had been told, that the plaintiff would take nessession of the land. He could not.'con- ceive why therershenld have been such an inexplicable delay in rePlYing to theletter writtea on'behalf'of Major Orred ae to,whether,there had been any scale Or' con- veyance of the foreshore, unless there as hp' inset-6r to The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff. Mr. Bigham asked that the £2,000 should Paehrought into court, in view of any appeal. His Lerdchip : The Canal Company are not vet bank- rupt. (Laughter.) I will hear further arguments as to costs again. Mr. M'Call applied for a Stay of execution. His Lordship Raid that, he would consider these ques- tions and give his judgment next morning. , On Tuesday. his Lordship said thathe had drawn up a note of terms that might he acceptable to both parties., Mr. Bigharn, who appeared for the plaintiff, .said they had intended to ask the Company to give them £2,003,' as from the day on which they took iv,sw,ggion of the land. He should advise his client to take £2,0r0. with interest up to Clate.—Vr. M'Call thought that the terms mentioned in his Lordship's note would 'Cover all that he wanted. After some converaation, _it was .def.!ded, on his Lordship's suggestion, that counsel should cosult privately on the matter.—Afterwardsi, Mr.. Bigham announeed that the following terms had been agreed rtnnn :" Judgment for plaintiff for possession, execution stayed for one month, an until the hearing of appeal, if notice of appeal be given within fourteen days. and the . . same be set down as soon after as possiblo. Costs will be taxed and paid to the plaintiff's solicitors at once on their giving the usual undertaking., with liberty to aPPIV to his Lordship!' The rest, counsel added, referred to matters of agreement.

Reports from Madagascar represent the island as in " a state of seething anarchy." There 'is tin safety for Europeans outside of the French garrisons, and brigan- dage is very prevalent.

" CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE "is a guaran teed cure for all Blood and Skin Dlsegses. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising Por Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs. Pimples and Son's of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Tee,ti- monials. Sold ,everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imltatious id substltutes.—Adrt. (1

I ,W+RRINGfON.

YOUNG MEN'S CmuSTXiNTASSOCTATION.

There .wasa good attendance at. the P.S.A. meet- -ing on Sunday.the chair being occupiedlby Mr. Bar- bet. Mr. William Robertsdelivered a good address upon," ginSiitendai,`,.,cind Mr, ,Iloq.by, one of the members,. contributed two solos 'in a Creditable Mr,,Tattersall, of 'Accrington, and 'Mr. Atligiton'els&aAisted ititbe trieetina. 9LJTILERX áM Mettrilylat.ett tiOtipS,--CfrftWri), Bildke-T,rFet;:- Warri'riktont'— A dztt ' Antp:l,toyl 1,4fi1t.011 (*FORD D.AlllttAbiC9. On Monday a ternoon,s'inne of thelOcal"militia left %he town. Tile, detachment consisted :of a portion of tht 3rdand,4th Battalionvof the King's Liverpool Rekinient: The remainder :fellowed On Tuesday b'y the two o'clock.t.rain. ,Their destination:was Alder- slot, where•they • will remaianntil-the 12th Sep- "teal-her, Themeti,r*hoqtluraber altogether about ti:/oAlik and fileic;ithT4-4iiffiegrS 'Will tie andel. the command of ,Coloneattcin. The reknaining.gfficers 043 Major •Priestley, Captains, McliiLlopoßinnelyi, Terty and Trip,-Surgeon-Captain Griffith. Lie utenants',Oxley, 'Watts '-'llddkinncin 'Cann' Mats- • den,.and Aurke, IRON and BRAS BIiDSTSADS:—GARLAAt.n. ' monger? Warringtoa,,adot. . • THE .O.HURCK.LIDS' BRIGADE.:, 5,,. There was a cnimp'of different companies-of the Liverp§ol Regiment of the C.D.B. at Smith Shore WarTaaliteig mengieri Were among thecompanies and '.thy are as follows- Staff-Captain Pi, MA Appleton adjutant; 11.1,Law- xencee, ord'erly i'dOm .celer 14 No. I;,Voni V 'pany,t:t.anfes', Late,Vord, 'O. Shaer, 'Captain ;' . and six lade. tiNo. 2, Padget.% one lad. . Noe.B,,•St. Elphin's,..EVD'A. Willis,captainl-,anett4taffisergeatre, CharlesLloetins ; a9d.ls'-lads. -No!'f;"St. Petet'Sqz. Ay:Brobk, i1.144414.;;.410 ieviAokas: :t7.1.. 5;241- key Corapany, D. M.,Mclieohnie, captain;X-Ringer. :lieutenant ; Dr. -Murray, surgeon • captain; Oweii „lieutenant"; -Rev: J.' R. Jones, 'assiatahtichaplain ; and 45 lads (Strongest cuulbany in eamD)...*T4talin Six Llads, xeith tStaff?Sergeanta Lawrence, 'add Hopkins,lvent•on fatigue on'Wedneedayrmorn;• -jug, end t.hey andlybugh time, :'etirwige and rain causing' th,e , indcji clisco,infOL The Colonel (Mr. Bucktoti) was unable to attend in Vamp owing to his recent accident. The stay at; Blepliphol has Preyed very beneficial to all of theln. 'General Sir Baker RitsselWi.C.B., 'Paid a sniptiee ,visit to the, tamp oa Tuesday and aftera careful Inspection expressed his pleasure at the efficiency Of Elie'vaild),l„q coMparties: • • ok:a VRR uYeLtSt shou`.l 1011/t S.' GRU Eire' - 4411'gAT;460 dines alltie*arrlngLort4s:-6doMt, ~at 34; ,Bridge-it. 'ond 2'3,g tt4ketikt."4,lli4. , LiWiiFQlll) WpOUT C9PIR,sML: -,On.•Monday . ,evening, a special. meeting OCthis nuthoritr was-held ,in Ore 'Baptist soliisolroorni Latchlptd•rvheti Lee'Occupied the chair. Ikerii.,;4oN'shc) 1ii44.4,4-;"'06000;:-NYu1haun:gichard son, W. a llopkins, Isaac oqrgellU- ling (clerk),__The,cieriiiosai,cl the only business he , had to brink under, noticeAf ,the Council was a communication belied received ftona the ManchesH ter,Ship'Canal Company, which was to ,dsk• for per- mission thclose'lo'disused portitintelthe highway ,called Aokers-lane, " new4and more cdtamodious, toad baiting Veen made by the Canal Company in: subitittaion thered, ashowrl on "t 1 ilen, and de-; dj.cated‘to the public, whereas the ot!inf'portion has i „cee...secl to.be used hy te public,alid has become Un-! necessary." ~A4r.Pilli,tig produced; the pla,n new road, will) which, he said,he had no cloutit ;hat: all the members were famitiar.—The Chairmen oh- served that the road had been practically stopped! everi.4,linne•• the canal' was made,. It was •practically•useless,as it was fenced at each end. The, Cleft said the Ship Canal Company promised that; if they agreed to their request' they would' do any-i thing that wet'ret&nable with regard' to' the news ,road.—The "'Chairmen said it was deSirtibie in'thej tuit.w road that the point should be taken' Off arid .carve made.--,Mr, Willing tOsoi3aid he had received[ a communication from Alr. .Ash too, clerk to the! ,Rancorn Rural District Council, in, reference tgthe .same matter. A similar motion with reference ,toi the stopping up of the road hathbeen seat to that; toody;•whe'had appointed &committee,. consisting' of Messrs. Knowles, Pilling ,'Davenport, Brandreth,i, and Bradford, to consider the matter—The applica-j .titin of the bompaity'vas agreed to, and it was de-1 'Cideethaeits'"'lndlty niantieiSi, of the'- Latchford; Copicil as could peke it codyenient to join Wei .conimi4ee 041146,60 m Rural District in their formal inspection Of the road should dot 80. • • c‘.l h . .11.105C184.-4,90 , the Aerayit, Improved • T.. i'ting Fire ' Raugc.l.7-Se Agen,t,;qA.RT.LND, Bridge-street. t. 12 T#E -F14131 kt.,3in,l4;it SiLFaT. • ' Airs, Ainsworth, :$2 yetits,or age,,whO.was srescued, on tbe.occasion ot thertre at Mr, pliklitit4's,prernifies, 4ast..w4elc, and who sustained slight injures in addi- tion to a great shoal() her.system,is now progress- ing favourably.—She isexesiding in a cottage near to the buildingerat -stptijo4llagratiion occurred, and has been the recipient of many little kindnessesl of neighbours and 444 Mt. Hart, con;ractoro .has, during the weelcbeen„ removing the walls 501 'the workshop and storeroom, and Mr. Deintith•has' - . taken a shop at ,Bridge Foot. WAIMINGTON 0001SIONAL COUNT.

-At the Warrington Occasional Court on Menday, before Mr. Tinsley, !John McAdams was charged; with being on the premises of 'Thomas Howard ati BurtanWood, on the 9th inst., tor an unlawful pur- pose. He was fuxthercharged with assaulting PC.. J. Grundy at the nine timeiand Place. The evidence went, to show that P.C.:Grundy was on ,duty at Howard's farm at about 2•30 on.tbe abovedate, and there saw the prisoner. Re. watched him and sawi him geintothe farm yard in the direction ofthel fowl house .- Before the prisoner got there P.c.: Grundy got hold of, him. ;They struggled together: and prisoner struck him several times. Eventually •asgistatiCe time; awn e'was taken into custody.—; P.C. Bishop corroborated, and the prisoner was re-. miand4duntirthe 19th inst. -_ h • •

_ .Iy4Ail.usiGT,9l%! .:Lic4alpTd.,SpssioNs.—'l2lng citimmaiTs4it" The magistrates appointed. as the foensitig com- mittee for the above sessions to be held on the 27th last grotto follows. The Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough), Mr. John Fairclough, Mr. F. Monks, Mr. E J. Guest; Mr. J. W. Hayward, Mr. J. H. Flem- ing, and Councillor Pierpoint. The following rules "were' adopted for the confirmation of licenses '`‘' Any person having bpposed' the original grant of ti'license and who intends to oppose its confirma- tion shall withia: seven days'of such *rant give nptice iii:writing to the apPliCant and Clerk to the licensingjustio of his intention to , Oppose arid state the. groundi of, his oppoiition ; "Every ap- plicant for the ,confirmation of a license shall ap- pear, in person before the court ,of confirmation unless his abseticesbe excused on good grounds.", ,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PULPIT REnRENCES.

Reference wAs made to the death ef the Rev. C. de. P. Gliddon by the Rev. T. Brackenbury at the Camden Wesleyan Chapel on Sunday,and by the Rev. W. George at Halton-road Chapel at the morning service,and at St. Paul's Chapel in the evening.

, MEMORIAL SERVICE. On Monday, a memorial service was hell in 86. Paul's Chapel and there was a large' attendance. Special hymns and anthems Were given inchidirin•b the anthems "From henceforth," and "The Vital Spark." The Rev. J. F. Wardle Stafford of York, was the preacher; and he, took for the basis cof his remarks John xiv 1-3. Thete- marks of the preacher were chiefly reminiscent of .Mr. Gliddon's work,career and character. . .„ Several letters of sympathy were read at the .service including letters from the Rev. J. Stapleton Cotton, vicar of Audlemwand the R.-v. G. D. Wray, ot ;Halton.

- RUNCORN RIFLE -CLUB.

GOLD MEDAL COMPETITION.

The fifth stage of this competition touk place on the fleath,'Runcorc, on Saturday, the weather again turn- ing out unfavourable. The scores made (seven rounds at each distance,Bisley targets and conditions), were as .folloWs

===== 0002601_18960815_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
2DO 600 600 To-

, Rank and Names • yds. Ydii., yds. tal. Privote J Houghton 52 —. 50. —. 25 —. 87 Private J Edwards 185 ! Sergdant Dlld w a rtl s " 3O ' ... 30 ... 20 '••• 8 ' Lance-Corpl. C Branbury ,' . 27 ' ... '23 ... 26 ••• 76 • Private ,0 Garrett , ,.. 22 ...• 28 ...i. 25 ••• 75 Lance-Corpl. S D ,vlattbews 1 Cordorol It Foulkes - 26 ... 22 ... 24 ••• 72 1 dergeant W Co-per Lance-Sergeant JGit tan ' - '26 ... 23 ... 20 ... 69 Sergeant J W Woodl nd 27 ... 24 ... 18 ••• 69 1 Sergeant J A Rushton , 26 ... 29 ... 13 ••• 68 1 Private J F le Couteur 2252 ....... 2183 ...... 2 200 ..... 6650 'Priv its John Mort Priv de Jas. Sailer • • Private J Gregory 2B ... 21 ... 8 ... 57 Private T Chamberlain Private S Stubbs

===== 0002601_18960815_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

TllESDAY.—Before,his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes.

A DISPUTED Bzr,L.—George IWye-rs, irocer, Weston Point, sued Richard Stevenson, of, Weston Point for £l4 17s. 61. for goods supplied. *r. P. A. Lake rdefended. 'nap defence was that defendant had not given his wife any authority to pledge his credit while at thO same time his wife denied contracting the debt. Defendant bad paid in instalments an account- of about £2, and when he had finished paying 'that account another amount of £l4 was sprung on him as a separate debt, contracted by his wife ithout his knowledge.. His Honour gave judgment for 23. lid, the amount unpaid on tbe orizinalacaount.

CLAIM FO a GEOEERIES.—Jsmo Sutton groccr, Five Crosses, sued Albert Ainsworth for £2 64. 41., groceries supplied. Th debt was disputed but his Elonour gave judgment for the plaintiff ,at 21. per month. A FARMER'S DISPUTE. —John Warburton, farmer and cattle dealer, Kingsley, near Frodsham, claimed £7 3s. balance of a running account from Stephen Ravenscroft. fanner, Kingsley. Mr. Burton appeared for the plain- tiff and Mr. Johnson, of Northwich represented the de- fendant. -Several items were disputed and there was a counter-claim for six tons of turnips at 20i. per ton. Judgment waa given for plaintiff without costs and for the defendant on the counter,plaim.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
itIINCORN SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES.

REsuLTs OF EXAMINATIONS. The result, of these.examina,tions are now to hand, the following losing the:list of. successful candidates : Theoretical. Inorganic Chemistry.—Elementary Dag& Helen M. Seivell John J. Pickthill, Harold Da.vies, William Wilson,HarrY Turton. Fair. Jost'ph Newall And E.Frith. Advanted, William Kennan, J. a Cragg, Richard Hillidge. Practical Inorganio Chomistry.—Elementary pass, Laretta Horsefield, Harold Davies, William Cook, Harry Turton,Harry•Bramwell,William Wilson. J. J. Pioarthall. Fetir,PercyJones, Helen M.Sewell, William .4. Lightfoot,• E. Frith. Ethel M.Barp, Thomae coPper,Eric Speakman. Advanced, Ist class, James H. Pickthall, Thomas Jones, ,4toansvoll,. D., Matthews; 2nd class, TuoiliAl U. Cole,' John L. Norman, William Konnan. Applied Mechanics:—EleinentarY fair, John A. 'Wt.,- linSois, J. T. Kendan. MagnetiAttland Eledricity;Elemontary rises, Benja- min Robinson;' Josiah. Rhodes, William Brown. Ad- vanced second 'class,William Kennan. ' Naval Architectnee.—+Elementaily pass. Samuel Jones, Frank Chringhall,Thonsas-Shaw,Harry Hot, Thomas J. Ingham,. Fair, John Taylor, .Charles Leathwood. John Peck.- • • . , . Physisgraphy.—Elernentary pass, Loretta Horsefield, Clara ,E4wards. Fair, Eleanor • Davies, Gertrude L , • Sr Eli/ ientarY.—Fair, Tiobert Yates,

Steam ...,ieFak J.- --• SOund ,Light and Heat.—Elernentary fair, William Oliver. Machine -*Con`struCtion and Drawing.—Elementary MSS, J. A. RaWlinson,Thomas Haziehurst,P.H. Williams. Fair, J., L. Glover.-GeorgqAt. Niulon. Advanced first class, Jame a H. Seel; second class, George A. ; tF Bullding ConstructiOn.—Elementary pass, Frederic.k Barker. 4.dvanced first' class, Edwai,d Dobson; second class., George Pennington, Harold Dairies. • M'athernatics Elemetitari.—Secoad class, Jos. Brbwn, Richard Gas manufacture.—Honours, grade, 2nd class, Harold Davies. •

Carpentry.—Joinery, ordinary . grade, 2nd '• class, Samuel Dutton, David Williams. Freehand drawing.—Elementery Ist class,Elith M. E. Tatters, Minnie Towns. John J. Joynson ; 2nd class, Elsie Cameron, Sophia E, Davies, E. Hamilton, Fannie A. Abel, Clement Handley, Walter T. Howard, Charles H. Cooke, James H. Austin.—Advanced 2nd Class, Edith M. E. Tatters, James H. Austin. Drawing in light and shade.—Eleraentery Ist class, Thomas Clue, 'W. T. Howard ; 2nd class, Charles H. Cooke George F. Bell, Ebel Wale.—AdVaneed 2nd class, Chrysie Handley and W. T. Howard.' Model Drawing.—Elementery Ist class, Mary J. Hay- ton,TkomaqiClare4Thomai G. Deakin., Henry Bramwell ; 2nd class, Ethel Wale, Catherine .Nixon, Charles H. Cooke, James H. Austin.—Advanced Ist- class, Walter T, Howard, Thomas Clare ;2d class Richard HillOge. —" •

===== 0002601_18960815_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE PARAFFIN LAMP OUTRAGE; AT . WARRINGTON.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on .Thursday before Alderman Maudley, • Jolla. Hares was again brought up on a charge of, ir.flicting grievous bodily harm to Ann H'‘res, his wife, by throwing a lighted paraffin lamp at•her on the 4th August. • The Chief Contable stated that the prisoner was before the Bonen eight daylkago,and had been remanded until that morning. • Tee Chief Constable' then recapitulated the statement of facts which he gave last week, ad already published. Briefly stated, the prisoner in a drunken passion, seized a lighted paraffin lamp from the mantelpiece, and 'struck his wife with it, 'Setting • her clothing on fire and burning her severely, The woman, the Chief Constable' st4ited, had been in the Infirmary ever since. At 0140: time life as despaired of, and tbe prisoner, was re- drawled to the •cells at Warrington in order that the woman'e depositions might be taken if it became neces- sary. The woman, he was glad to 84y—and the prisoner 'would no donht be.glad to hear—wa-s out of danger, but the doctor at the Infirmary thought it would be at least a -fortnight before she would be able to leave the institu-' tiim,ana come to the Court. He' therefore asked for a longer period of remand. The prisoner could now be sent ter Straogeways Gaol as his presence here was no longer 110ees5ary.,--The prisoner was remanded to Strartgeways•Gaol until next Friday,

'ST'OCKTO

Si,. • THOMASn 'YOUNG MEN'S CLAS-ATIO the?' "Fish. ing match "'in connection with the above class took place at the Three. Pits .-and al very pleasant time was. sPent.., -Though,the fish were is a rule small, there were' plenty otlhenv, over 90 being caught.- The.• following is a list of the Winners of priv.s. which, had been kindly offered by the Rev. S. Grayl Mr E. G. Davies, Mr, -Richardson,' Mr. :Caldwell and others Langley 131,z.', Mr. Andrews, jun. 7foz.' Mr. Hamann. 8.1)z., Mr. G. Norhury 4z., Mr..Baldwin4 z„ and :Mr. H. Twiss /3z. On Saturday, a few of the members, thanks to the kindness of Mr. Crosfield, enjoved a quiet walk through' the beautiful grounds and gardens of Walton Lea. On Sunday afternoon Mr. S. Lamb, ; who has .been a them' ber. for soinetline,in a very 'bee. ,g manner thanked ,the teacher andmembers of the. for a :very hand- some present,in tlin shape:of a • . tea :service,l,made'' to him on the occasion of his m • _ eon Bank Holiday, in the village 'church. Mr. Halley:Pi on behalf of the, members, of whem.thereAvere:a large number present, wished him snd his,pgrtner.s long.andhappy life. .

;7

In the House of Commons on Thursday the Dublin Corporation gill was further, discussed on. the Logds' amendments, Mr. T. M. Healy ,attacked the Corpora- tion foe allowing the franchise clauses to be struck out, and on the motion of Mr. J. O'Cosnyoe, seconded by Mr. KirOx, the bill was rejected by 65 vote e to 62': ' • • Mryt. GRAY asked qnettiqns Yu reference to dis 3 this* *of the piaster 91 thrltional ,Scpol a',A Dean, atlar BolPon, !'‘ as a rquit of incideut,s connected, with hisclection..to the office of churchwarden by the parish- ioners." Sir J. GORST replied that the Committee •Of Couecilibadouo knowledge of rthelnatter,and they knew of no means by which the parents of the scholars could secure some control over the managemalt of thbtchool, so 'mai as it *as a Voluntary school, • v. • In answer to Mi. Carew4he Home Secretary,. confirmed the 14port that Daly, DevanY, Gallagher.and Whitehead, treason-felony prisoneri, are to, be released on account (*their ill-health.. . • ,

On the.motion.to gointo Committee on the Eastindia Revenue acCounta;' ffasriUton Mid* the 'retinuet statement in regard telndiati finance.. This ati7 ticlpation of .a . still further driiriroyement atuting th.p pAst ieard he.sakl, bad SOO,. more than realiaeci,,,, congratulated the House on the fact that, for.. the firt ,time _since is.pl,,the ,Secretaa ok, Statti,, Air ~fisdi a was able to show a surpina „for three years in sue- ,session. Whey..weralreidlyt honest surpluset; and-, the credit of'lndia now stood in an:, onputtaletecrrpositicin. Tin& reduction in the cbStofi datiel-hitrbsitiiiled at lossfbf • , !I't'w.r' pity-six leikhs of ' rupets.' ytv WA'S glad -to tia.y that ! thetfdr?hediak! pi SOh4bay mills had proved unfbunded, On the..whple,they were doing exceptionally well in. the spinning ,mills, although the weaving mills,werv.not doing so well. In the subse- . fluent prodeediugs several,Laticashireineniberesspoke on the .qUestion of the Indian cottOnti'uties.' The'lriskiLanqi Bill`Was brought do rin froth 'OO Lords, ant.,p4Ned in . • tlhe shape.it was thßti chqbniitte,d.

WARRINGTO-N" CYCLITS "PRESIDENT'S DAY:" '4.1

DRINK CARBONARIS,

PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY. In the Hornise of Lords the Uganda —Railway Bill was read a third . time and passed. Their Lordships,then considered the Commons' ;reasons for disagreeing with the Lords'eamendments to the Irish Land Bill. W hen • the House divided, there were far the Commons' amend- hzent.74'. againet 68, 'giving a majority' for the Govern- ment of six. Tilt figures were received with loud cheers. The remaining amendments.of the Commons were then agreed to. The Commons' amendments in the cases of the Vexatious Actions Bill and the Labourers .(Ireland) ilI were also agreed to. • QIIRVANT WANTED, for 4 farmhouse, stron'g, about 30:1 O. IPB. WARBURT9N, qdjands Farm, Dallam, Warrington. TENDERS are INVITED for the ERECTION of _L a,HISSIOA HALL in. 4RICK-STREET, WAttRING- TON. .Plans and specifieationl miay be seen by applying to Mr. T. BiArkiLL, Bewsey Howie, Lilford-at., Warrington. --115ealsid"renderattnula5-beflilllsbands not later than 7 pan. on the 2.6 th inst. . •

IN SYPHONS ONLY.

THE PUREST OF WATERS:.

INVALUABLE TO INVALIDS.

Wholesale only from

GROUNDS AND SON.

WESTON POINT,

BIJNCORN.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
F RO DS 11AM.

• SEVERE THUNDERSTORM.— During ,the beavy thunder- storm whicktook place oq Saturday,. the lightening struck some- oats in a field on Prodsham 'Marsh, aild set fire to a qu!nberiorslieavas, which were consumed': , ODDiELLOWS FRIENDLY Socurrk.;--On Sunday morning the nemDflrs ot_this sOcigy assembled at heWcpartets, and ittebdel divine s'ervice at the Parish Church Fred- 'sham, beirik• tondtiBted ehere'in procession by the Frodsham Old'Band. The vicaf (the Rev:ll. B. !nogg M.A;,) preached an. ,appropriate and effective address. The Members returned in procession down Flinn-lane, and olispersed at the Lode loom, •

IRIISULT OF TIIS • DRAWING EXAMINATION.—From the .lists which are to hand the following will be found to. be i a list of sizceessful candidates in examinations held 1 under tile auspices_of the Frodshara Technical Class dur- ing ,the session 1,895-6 ::---freehand liawing; elemen- tary stage :first C 13,59, Gertrude Worrall ; second class. Minnie Garner. Failures: Daisy Robinson, Elizateth A. !Fligson, Hilda J. HOgEirs, Amy tr.•' Robinson, Charles E bawinn, Annie M. Barret*, Nellie Booth, and Alice Edge. 1 'model drawing : 2nd class, Gertrude Worrall, Minnie Gtrner,Frariais H. Colson, and Hilda J. Rogers. Failcres: James Atkin, Amy F. Robinson, Annie H. Wilkinson, ' D ii ,y R ibinson. and Harry Robinson. i

LYMM.

it.--- --.-

LOCAL TRlPS.—Blackpool was the place selected by the nOthorittes for the annual visit'of the Lymm United Non- conformistSunclay Schools.and early on Monday morning two trains left Lymrn for•this favourite watering place. The day was fortunately favourable*. and all seemed to benefit by the few hours at the seasir &Wars of the Lymm Congregational Sunday Schools had their annual trip on Rushbearing 'Monday, when they Visited Overton Hills. The party, numbering about 50, left Lymtn in brakes early in the morning,, the drive along the country lanes to Frodsham being thoroughly enjoyed., All had 'dinner and tea together, the youngsters; afterwards indulged in games. The party were in charge of Mr. and Mrs. Astley„ Miss Moston and giss Nightingale. . • „ THE HIISIIBEARINC}.—For many years the celebrations connected with the annual festival have dwindled away. The former ceremony of decorating the rush cart and marching in procession to the Parish Church to hold ser- vice and strew the aisles with new rushes his been , abandoned. Three troops of naorris dancers paraded the, village on Saturday, but the dancers seemed to lack A‘ go " compared with the wild caperings of former years. Since the wakes, part of the festival was removed from the .neighbourhood of the Cross, and held in a field in Pypp,,r-street, and there the swings, shooting galler- ies, &1., were congregated this year, to be patronized as usual by the younger members of the population.

• The death .)f Sir John Millais, President of the Royal •Academy, occurred on Thursday. The illness from which he died had long been recognised as incurable.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
•t , •

.‘,.‘ Mitt iliOliAtlS AND,-,CYCLEIGy • 'V; r. tr, r • .• •C. r • ‘! pye§idooi . Pay, (has for :..sorna ODAe note,.,:been regarded: ae an annual institution .411,,conneetian with the, Warrington. Cycling Club. Ac the flame implieS 'it is hn occ'tision'on Which the President of the qfibhps a,.4(4 V: gating kvith,,,..the e;Y:4IC-A44 aud'for.the nonce le their guest. Tlfe" I.residen.tls accompanied by several friends, .and,tonveyearcet are hitrtight: into use. The'er:par'ds heenSucli• 4itedess in formgeYears that it's- 'recurrence se eson is,looked Jorward , with ;pleaeure by,..the large numberofmcyclists tconnection with the Club, whOit'may hp stated 'now total toneatly 150. ' Thontia% Morris, tigakti occtlgrea.tne lumoured ,PGBition..of ,pre'sid ant, and,. made .the jowl ney,with the cyblistsJon. Satorday, .Cranage Was the 4restination decided up(M, andithe partiality 't* 'OSTAlsPi'Aboiv, farhis lovely Cheshit"e .haialetahltiut,a, milerfrord. liolMes Gimped, is.shpwii by the,repeated,visitn which are paid-- there. o.Wtteatite start' was Wade ItOm ttie'Nortoti Arm,--the heatiqhartertref the club—on Saturdayaffernoen, the spell of rain' Whfch was eiperienbed .some.hoUrs preV- iou.slY, lad ceased, and althongb dark and heavy clouds hneg, about,.. little bits of. ,blue gave,_ promise of fine weather: 'The-roads in the town were a quagmire and there were fewicyclists ot the club who had the temerity to bring' out theirmachineS to travellin cotriPany with the conveyatibes to Cranage. However,' about dozen ,did travel on. their bicycles and ,bad .the:eitiga.&• tien of finding the reiaasinth,e. country favourable for ,cycling, and. as , the. ..weather continued fine, they had. rather " the laughi", -as it ,waS celled, at the ;thirty', 'dyblists 'dr so- whb leoked far' let* cernfOrtableiti- corritOanceil',' The President ttaYellecTin a leade,,n'adeth4iniefi'hYlisveral • officials of tti club, inetudi,og Messrs. BOofb,entt.E. ktekavaneakin.(bon. secretariee). Mr. "Mounfield, . the treasurer, I rode on his macbiner,_A wagstinettefelloweetontainink abate a score of cyclists land Mends. - 'After an hem,' atid-tr'qbarter's quick dlivi- ing,Knutsford was reached, where a short stoppagesike, made. Reautng,the a further.. seven miles', drive through' 'a ' fine-stretdb'of cnuntir brought the riarty-to Orattage,•Where itheyst'were accorded a"liieltrtY wycpreeittho well-)Enbtwn SbVan fikrkli."- 'Tea was ready. on arriv' juStsiel W4.o`dbiikp:‘,tis; the, Vi d n intere,:sting event. toqk place a fter,,cee,, w4en ,liir..Motris,Preeented.Airs. ,Ilossors, the, hostess, at.thi.s. :farm, acd each of her.. tver.daughters,e on behalf of ldrs:, Morris; and himself/ with,e;' 'pair- of gloves in.recogfrition of their •'keiiiiiesitstfei the' ifiefribers of:the tehitk arid'retnerked tdtle pregitirdf .tbibei kind Would be inade telheen eier.Vyear Ao eng, as tie iethained in ~The jhtt.was acknowledged bit Mrs. Rossini who expressed the hope that the: President. ,and the .members of the club-,would -continue to visit! them -for.manyi years tetarnei.• None,wete mere weleonie than the Warrington byblietEt: te'be"present haliteeti sent ta Mr. JOhn Nayf&r,'Of Iltes.itbh o:int grarria4 readSrOin hAt* itt, the farm.eXpreeeing his soriaw,atbeiog.unatile to be, present; and Aending his lost .;Nvishes for.. Wei, success of !, the gathering. After . tea, the members w*rehotographed on the lawn by Mr. Baldry., a member' of the club. stroll-in the Country- lanes was "afterwards indulged in, and at 8.30 a start tv,asteade for hntnei On arrival at Knutsfbrd Made', et. the Red OciW- .H.Otel, whereon' impromptuaineking concert was held. Songs were sung by Mr. Fieldhouse. Mr. A. Booth, Mr. , lidounfielti, and Mr. W. Whitham- Adad liveliness tothe proceedings by his singing of comic .stings. Mr. A.Bray- sham' was the accompanist'. ' • - • 'During a brief interval a fevrretharks were made.— Mr. Pickavance said he had a Pleasing duty to perform. It was to propose the health of the President. (Applause,) No words which he could possibly use could express the extent of their esteem tor Mr. -Morris: 'rtiey sincerely hoped that both he and Mrs. Morris would be spared for 'many years,a'nd that tht President 'would still-extend to the members.that hearty good , felloviAhip whiChbid eharaCterised his conduct in the past. A better 'president they could not have, and. they , hoped - long to see him amongst them . on , those ..festive occasions. (Applause.)—The toast was enthusiastic- ally received with musical honotrrni‘ res- ponding,' Mr.' Morris said the kind Manner wHieh Mr. L.PAckavance had, ..prcpoSed his healttb,Afni ,A7p.ty ' 'pleasant to hiin, and heals° `.thanked..ttie. Members. thr ,the kind ,manneriet which the. toast had: been ieceivid. He hoped be would alwayabe -able -to merit the good things which had been said of him. It nits an honour to bepresident 'cif each' esfoebially When-ono Considered the' nurriber ,that ' had' betn brought iptb,exiStence.hy che lecrea,ie in 'cycling Ttio4- 'sande Of men and woineh svereJow.gettink livehiano4;by it, and scores of thousands of. people could buy:,a,neollt-15' machine enabling them to ride by the, side 'of -Royalty. The rapid increase ifi the)eyeling inclustry'was disgust- ing vratehrnakera! 'One of them few eights age that'Whe'reaaat '6434iree'' a' Ynafl Wbulg 44 ye. AcTi guineas, for a w s dayg hter e no* 103,0, she preferringAhatbe .sboele spend'lA..gumilo .f.or a‘bicycle for her. —The industry to:whichbe had r.e- ferred caused4ar greater labour tote employed, more Mouths 'to be ,Eed,etnd the eornfors ;lind necessaries ‘tof life to 1311 obtaineVitithough. th? Wit'Ohniaker.wae being pushed :Out' of IpFkstenbe, 'An impetus `wa.., given to trade by. the,opc4 mayeibent, and ,it, was being taken up, with,grnat enthusiasm. : In his opinion, the, nrieveseent was t.one,of. the "finest pieces of "philosophy which the mind .f-man had-ever invented. In what positionwohld theyba,lie beetfifit had not been for it ? Thousandeof people. would baxe been ont Of, ilriployment'who itre •.nbw busily engaged, iti tly Would .hale' seig. thetu Walking abeut ,tneir_streets,., as they, 41ç1 4 Stinni ago during the existence of4J3ei,cotton fateine.,. Be could .see plainly enough e that the cycling:: industry was a`,. 'stepping • stone to liacderationl because ' 'instead ependinr their tiMe '-in a ;13tiblic- tioilse men went into, the country lanes eel pileod . themselves ; a4d that' wasAa.e", better than standingtie bin agio-shop Counter for lidiirs together. Cycling had made thousands .of people more. sociable, mad they bad an ,evidenee,- of it 'that dayt, Zed' it not . • been 'for, the- Cyclingeldb-hevreuld not have been with them nor, Would he'attiftheytiveibetl the pleasure of seeing,Mrs. arid a her to .00/060.1.i,dalik4ters: (Apisiaose.) They made many rriendl,,by going from place to pIM,-,' and he waaparticularly plefised to. know that their friends . at..Cranace hehavedoo well to them .whenever they visited the. farm.,, He believed they thought , Snore ~of them than' they did of anyother-club. (Applause.)N''As long • s. they ebildficted therntetves- with the 's'ame„ po iirietys'whicli'llad'clikraCteriz4d their conduct in the p4st . '.4e-,4904.b47„pfv4,ecl to remain 'their president. r nlatise.)—At4he,clese4,Mr. Criiebley proposed a vote of thanks. to.those who had entertainedthem that day,and, .also to thel,friends who ha accompanied Ahem. The. hornewardlourhey-was -afterwardareSumed, and War- rington wat'reachedabOut tnici;bight;ell haVibg greatly. . . enjoyed the outing. „.. ,

. DEATH OF, MR:, W. JOSKPEL—The death occurred on Saturday of.Mr.,William Joseph,whobas been connected- ' with this villageefnr knany• yeats. Mr. "J.)seph was an ethploytti At Messr4. Garnett and Son's •cabinet-Wneks, add. one of thMr oldest hands. ~ His deiath. is gene'rallv ieizrette'd; e ws,interred At the !Cemetery on Tuesday .ititerahon, the Rev..Johyt Gunnell officiatiug.. . • -ET.•HnN. LQn A 11LL likes KoPs Ale. Fifteen Gold Mean's awardeil. Two million bottles sold in one we'ek. Bittered fronl•=chOicest-liolis Only. Agent F.ynst!s, Kop's tores, Bewsey'btreet, Warrington. ' • • 6

esti ...talark L

===== 0002601_18960815_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
EDWARD ROBERTS, 66, School Brow, Warrington.

•• -AND J. PERCIVAL, PAR SIDE DAIRY, GREEI4447;irOAD AND It.LOWLANDS-RoAD, .t. , RUNCORN, ALL thThS OF VEGETABLES "RESH FROM' FARM NOTED FOR FINEsT Flticsti EGGS AND BUTTER 4• DIRJR,'T vROAt FARM. a, „ AlkOrders Proraptly Attended ,to.

# 4

OX and Packing-case MAKERS Wanted; regular work •Isir good iiaanus..-:--PERRT and Cu., Limited, Camden-- row, - u•

s 1) A.4SEY (thrfze Miles from).—Coinfortable JLL., sbven rooms, and kitchen, phaeton, bathing, tennis, croquet'-erAvELEy, 1, The Temple, Dale-street, Livernool.

Z We'l`TElCllTanirer-Toelt:l")4lgriltin"MGauele:ast;.43—r.A- PP`IY' : , _—_,_____,..,...._•____,_ • , ____ XT $W GUN, double barrelled, muzzle loader, in first elm ()audition to 2,55, : A bargain.—A. RAKER, 71, Peru- by sulace.„Liverpool. e_

GAS RBFLECTOIIB. Large size aft. 3in., sirvered lease, isr: good order, a bargain bs. 6d each.—A. BAKETt. 71, Pembroke-I.lam, Liverpool.

Alsiiitto,‘a'koOd diIitERAL, able to Wash and (10 plain. cto9kiugt,amay family, goon wages.—Apply W„,- 32, BASi-13Altk-gTREET, Southport.

WANTED. thoroughly experienced PLAIN COOL CIENEEIAL, else L4(34,1114 Hoasemaid ; both must be highly respectable, and able to furnish peri.2ctly satist,.ctory tetarencea.—Address by tetter:-/flrs. ASHToN, West Hoyd Hall, Sowartry -

, . _kATADIrEP, good GENMRA,L ; wash and bake, figndy of 3; rwagi)arsZ.l.s,7:7!a.k‘nliiD fl, ~4, Cualiff lerrace, Manning- acid.

lATANTED.i:-A. PUPIL I/Hew:trim, about 16 or 18.— TV • Apply,' tol,;4:the.stil " Examiner " Office Warrington. • . f•

N VVION-&-3141VARFIttio' tali AN !DISTRICT COUNCIL. CAttitat, rACAtICY;-CROW-L&NE WARD. —TUESDAY NBXI`. 'at 2, o'oroc& is tne last day for receir In nonsinations. ;atm' Election is iixed for MONDAY, AUGUST ai5t,,18966

s Li W. W. SEHRLEY, Clerk.

S.P i: 0 .ft i'. .":34:

E0:01,B A. Liar . ,BBos,, : YooTnitr4.l4 P.i7TrT4RS &C. OTBALL ErGBY& SSOCIATIO\. y.olo‘ fin

r,ornOi"TAOQii§l:t§r4EßS.

(I,r7K

f

,v4valre vtlettritya 141

• •

===== 0002601_18960815_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
'now+ ..‘to:- (44.14,rp •• • '4Av":"S. RTilv alilltSEYß,•-PANTB, HOSH, BELTS,

cq4rit • • '".48 " "44741tittai.r4.An$. iNFEAttiAS. &C. ',nos t.ll r -oteltir otoi!•.- • ' ,', • -• •'• ' es'tr.no•.:77r7rrr—, nip

rri

R 114 c 0.1 ti,Alllo*/)•qtyi •I,` i • Speeist4Qatitatignis -terViub Outfits. • tll.l 4':tl • • • .1) NO Tr!.'-k• tr ;4.1' 5.77.4 • • ' ,• • Ltl-(swv, rt-PitiCe four fvOrders Early. —;tocit—ottylvt7-vexilKtT :PLACE • &elk, tit • ,t4ht, E.sw vidiVARRINGTON. `. 4strta7.,. len Self: `5O Insl4l.etZ •••11 144$ • IT/ '11:,04; ' • 1.4 a pi, tiff Ci‘ cc,"n. n4t7'r tre,,

saT

en ,`rrolt

t ettivt,'• off! tntfro air room*/

• RUCK'Ik TILL TD., I. ir,,tabraAß, turr . 14 -,m4 at,,m7 ,•rir ••=r,' ittia I,•-•,,,,q• • " ' 'RON ROOPS"- »Aelft St•r•on l, p.!. 4,, ft ~,,.0914,traelors for , SHXDS;: Dirrca BONS, HOSPITALS, SCHOOLS,' MISSION ILUOMS, &c. , psTimitkis //lift. •

Write for New •Ilktstrated Oatilogue of. Poultry Houses. Dog- • . •Kozuselsoindsoplisnoes, postage free. • • *.m,s. Itastrer ff tOt E,fgr4 -S ri • •-tiq • r • • ' ' lidAtii*--101.Viir LI YE ttP 0 0 L.. 7 ' !f, • • - • • ,t) • .-aw .1, 4,45- fit 4 ,Xf •... CPO «,rrnl4. ~•-?errt, se !,-; 41N.—•

SkISS Tll/4.—A. 8110 Wlkwho receives some amino' and;igenuina,..luforinationo has ' 'ewe very extna speciAl good Selectiqua, for neat. week. Three or four wiles Weekly ss. ktake-raciug pay ,an 4 nave his wires.— Send at once to 171, DRURY LA.NR,Landoo," W.

. - , .4r •••• 1 - • W 7----- T---•m'lt'P. Y-.),.'.."4?. rr s • ' ' , ..,, a,_- -4:81. IigIITIANT.'" ' tFOXIIr -' - tIriPANX, - LIMITED. SEE -19.17 R ;''''NEW- 'PATt /JENS ' • •'* ATiPKIIDIEVO'SUIT' ALL;' LIST; gAtt. ' i f . , Tr.tr , tr, --,:' , i 09, •21OLD:STEIDIT; • • ~., . ~. • 1- ,t• ' !=rl‘, -v ' ,LIVERP9O,I4::' " • 1.. ‘e. f't•''• ,AF -V? v ),',7,ilkij, -• fr, DOOYLII: -* ' ~., LtiDTEYTApftIiT AT 11.1 C TWO' p4i.pqk AIDING.: . .: i ..._• ,t,,, rE, -: ft 'P, 0 opts •'...* .f • : ; , MO Tr tO!riprj p fit,! fP.,34..v01.p...P. 4-.l' ',•:',& .1 - , • I •er'X' : '..',',” r-rei tOriti -irr•---t , • , ••:. '... ' • It. v :N. •

'l. ,li ANIJUD NM +al Alkiirietrw.., BOtirtilng &tabu ihintint; Li A tibsproactl filogrd4iftd ltdenaki ; terrad &CA 288213er 4reelcir24lo6cti 0 et.? day. ,r,.7 • ,r`" ~ .. tily ,lity r.ry .•, f. a .„......0... ~..,"e --,...,.................iVi 1.. (41,, , , ,10 11140A2111,118 4 WAWA nS,.Publio at Tsrivate. terms , tWifulibiatrAirou INEwTorro 57, ratexithdrairread, West ' .......9 .• ''4o' '0,4, e, rf 4 .t oei op iy.,/,•..,..11. Vfi t IF. ' , ... !..' pr- , ~ ~.., , ,_,--...,14- ~,,,, ..„.-4,1,-,...r.* ~..--........4_____,,,____...._ s.ti it ekr!4,440b145.,i3 r0ti044013 4k Jr Station !/,,,.. 114 • , totriv.ic•rr*s.. 40041111,4 190(42ity-coad.. chez rtt• .. —-, . ..ti' ' • l'," t,rt-14 6;1, Mgr If* '',t` , -•- —....____4_,„ .ttY

I.,Avictig,4ol,rpor,i ifo-1-9—,T4Tvrw.ble .A.YAAT3 In-WS public and priVtixe ; 'terms reasonable; sea view,—Mips la I RILNs Brine! MO 03,11%. Agerliqn -r0 . • . I mirstrykinc tyaivEtut, n4e iftt to 20. *fates £l2. No / V VittliPwlii rig "; f6tir in Tamily.-=-Addres3 70, I lay Onsoingnop, Sotitlkio: t`.• • ' ,` • '

•ED Saturation-al GAIII3 HINZ It or C,rowdie, dge 24; a nine, years elpertenee lartoth' market' and private establishments ; irr , Gist: es a• ' Peke h es, Tohlatoes. Cucumbers, and 'Rowell,- both Insida and tout ; kood etfa ter and ref erences; -4C.'Jtitnia;Att e Pop tars, Suttnn-oh-Trent, I,lotts, • ' •

VTANTIIDi•‘ SITUATION !dtikOr, highist refer encee.—ALFft D BATLeY,I.MEd eritice, Southern road.; Mizton.on-hitrery.:, t.

-ATOU-NG MAN WANTMD36B.. Oerwea and commission !,, regular work ;',-eplkuirlitxt,opeuing —Address CoarPO MORK& Parnworth,

A jiaTisjil liGlituus .ITINYAIbiIiT ,`"OOItPUEATION .1.1), Id SLIT liD,r4The pisenonmensi- tuoeets of , this- genuine .-and,:.progrvasive:lnstibutikil osiaid continues: . Good agents Nv.nted.--Apply •Jotrai • Foust °az,••••Bewser I.:l2issnbers, War- rington... ,• , ,:-. •!- ~,- - , • ••• ' ',' • - , •

•• ' d' vi L 1 4 ' em 7ial A. close lc mrkwrle Castle and ilridke, btation; beautifully .6ii 4atild.r4PplX, tOnA„F Dc4tßlcoTry -Looget Caerg*rle, .neir, Wrexham

1-

rCs I , . . . - CaViOS o T A 1 OP- ISPitritTlNG'l- BcdiES;: , .4- • tate ,t ••••.- APPIY• • c. • -to , Attuls) (AtElf fir t'M'ATT I' IV f• ,tt, •ti*P., .Abt, Oft :r 1(44,3t• e,t • I.` - Mills. A.<o. • !, ilatnehester- road, . neon.

14`

rt,) 0.11

*l'-!" •

•,•v-6

-a jzel,,,citg _IIW-14iA11-"touff4-41:1417'617.-an'TEs. T21,7321a)yd s. best iatlhe rpaF,ji,t.—SPASHErT & Co, Net Manufacturers, IlowestOff:. • I_, _

•^'-‘1•••--",41 cur CA4.014G LR,Ii,44#TI anlool9'o44o4fii+sti ; pint- - nig,j'A-laltatinK ,T;37 vier Laulby- st . (top` Pr LOriVoia-rcitdl;-LaverPool.` tabluAusit 1869 ' 91 1114ASIViLASIIr.19°'' Agit trti ;tV4);,/41-4'49lni kt.P' att•Bfightint r)a." *1 br.hq AUNR ET (eO. 91. 14,V,V4:\ •

cfr -41:1 .e.:} v.l

,avt

efT 01/4 $,,441X. .frrsiref4 ,5,1; • .:S.`l'rnall arifgh•St•r-!f

===== 0002601_18960815_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
MOST READERS

Rave had some experience of sick rooms, either at patients or attendants. How many such are there who have not felt the weakness or debility which follows the eickness, more discouraging than even the weakness it- self? Though the disease may have given way before the timely application of proper remedies, and though.in consequence, no immediate danger is to be-ipprehended, the slow progress towards convalescence is very dis- heartening to patient and attendant alike. Hew often do we hear people say :—" Yes. The fever has left him. He is free from any immediate danger. Itut ha is so weak. If only he coeld regain strength ! "

Tbisdebilitating effect of fever and other diseases is indeed a great source of anxiety to medical men as well as to their patients ; and anything which would tend .directly to shorten the !period between the departure of the fever and the complete recovery of strength would be naturally welcomed by both doctors and patients.

This is one of the reasoßs why Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is so popular, why doctors prescribe it so largely, why chemists sell it so generally, why patients have re- course to it SO readily, and why everybody has a good word to say for it. Not only does it attack the disease in its stronghold, not only does it drive the evil from the system, but it gives back directly the strength of which the system has been deprived by illness; it infuses new life into the blood, and the recovery of health and strength, instead of being, as it otherwise would be, dis- couragingly slow, intermittent, and uncertain, becomes, when this excellent medicine is resorted to,encouragingly rapid, regular, and certain. It is therefore confidently recommended as an unrivalled tonic medicine, and may be safely used by all who suffer from any form of weak- ness or debility from whatever cause it may arise. Mr. J. YouNo, of 107, Laxton-street, New Brompton, Chatham, writing to a friend, says :

"I thank you very much for sending me the GWILYSI EVANS' BITTERS ' handbill. I have taken two bottles, a 24. 9d. and a 44. 6d. It has dons me more good than anything I had ever tried before, and I am so pleased with it that I shall tecommend it to every one who comes to see me."

Gtvilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, sold by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors in the Kingdom. Used everywhere; praised by everybody. Agents in all parts of world. Prices—Pottles 2s. 9d., 4s. 6 1., cases of three large bottles 12. 6d. Sent at above prices free to any address, by parcel pest, direct from the Proprietors—

QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING Co., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A LOCAL CYCLE-RACER WITFIOITT LAMP.

On Monday morning at the Warrington Borough Police Court before the Mayor, Mr. F. Monks, and Alder- man Harrison, Thomas Astill, the well-known bicycle racer, was charged with having on the 4th August ridden his bicycle at 11.15 p.m.without light.—Sergeant Hollingworth deposed that on the night in question he 3aw defendant riding up Winwick-street without a lighted lamp. He went to him and Astill dismounted and said he had only cr.me from the station having just returned from Rainford. He was one of the most famous riders in this part of the country and had experience anough to know better. He had nit far to go home.— Astill stated that he bad walked part of the way and then got on his machine as the street was quiet. He was only riding about 6 miles an hour.—The Bench ordered him to pay 53.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

FM:int.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Councillor Roberts and Alderman Wrigh'. AN INSIGNIFICANT CNARGE.—A*ri Owen 56, Lord Nelson- street, was charged with assaulting Jane Gleave 2. Brook- olace.—Complainant stated that defendant put a basket in Ler face but was sorry afterwards. Complainant did not wish to press the case. She was willing to withdraw it if defen- dant would promise not to offend again.—Defendant promised to be friends and.after paying costs, was dismissed. FANCILY DISAGREFINIEN rs.—Patrick Buns, Rose and Crown street. was charged with deserting his wife, 12, Dutton - street on the 25th July.—Mr. F.R Roberts apoeared for com- plainant, and said that after seven ye Ire of unhappy married life owing to defendant's abuse,' hree weeks ago complainant's daughter came to live with her as her own home was broken up. Defendant then left his wife and for three weeks had not contributed to her support. Mr. Roberts related inst .nces of defendant's abuse as reasons for the separation which he ap- plied for.—Mr. Browne for defendant, offered Sc 6d a week which Mr. Roberts said was inadequate.—The Bench made an order of separation for defendant to pay 61. a week. THREATS. —James Stringer. Pierpoint-street, was charged with using threats to Mary Marsh of the same street, on the Nth July.—Complain•nt stated that defendant threatened to put a knife in her heart and throw a half-pennyworth of pepper in her eves.—Bvidence was called on both sides which went to show that the disturbance was between relatives.— Defendant admitted having a knife in her hand, and was bound over to keep the peace for 6 months in one surety of 15 and to pay costs (13s.)—Mary Fleming was charged with threatening Elizabeth Edmonds on 4th August.—Both parties live in Dial Court and the case apparentiv arose out of a former disagreement between them and it. was dismissed Bach party had to pay their own costs.

MONPAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Mr. F. Monke, an

Atder-man Harrison.

A DRUNIEN MAN FALLS THROUGH A WlNDOW.—Thomas Monks. an elderly man of 30 Milner-st.. was charged with having been drunk and disorsierly in Sankev-st. on the 9th inst.—P.C. Pennington said that early on Sunday morning he heard the noise of a window bein,z broken in Sankey-et. He proceeded there and found one of the windows of Messrs. Dutton, drapers, Sankev-st.. had been broken. Near the window the defeedant Monks was found in a helpless state of drunkenness, and his clothing was covered with pieces of glass —The Chief Const ,ble said he did not suggest defend- ant did the damage wilfully.—Monks was fined 59. and costs.

/311 F-tom or THE FELEE.—For fighting in the town on divers dates the following pen s us were bound over to keep the peace for six months :—John Caslin. 1 Blaek's-vard Bridge-st., Daniel Codlin, 16 Wellln4ton-st., and Thomas Hankinson, 26 Milner-st. OBSCENITY IN THE ETREETS.—Hannah Jones. 1, Shepherd's Row.Ortord-street, was charged with using obscene language on the 23rd July in Legb-street.--She stoutly denied using bad language.—P.O. Barnett proved the case and rated that defendant was fighting with another woman at the time and both were using filthy language —Defendant was fined ss• and costs or 14 days.—Thomas Mitchell, 16, Hill-atreet. and Mary Ann Healey, 12, Hill-street. were fined 103. and costs for being guilty of a similar offense in Hill-street on the 4th August.—P.C. Condliffe supported the charge.— Defendants denied the offence and had a heated discussion in the dock as to their respective guilt.—No amount of remonstrance would quieten them and the Mayor in fining the defendants, remarked that they were giving the Court an example of what they were. FURIOUS DRIP NO In SINICEX-STREET.—Thirtat Pearce. commercial traveller, 12, Arpley-st., was charged with furi- ously driving a horse and trap in Sankey-street. on Sunday. the 26th July to the danger of passengers —He pleaded guilty—P'o. Lewis said that on the evening of the day in question, at 8,35 he was in Sankey-street and saw defendant driving a bay horse and dog-cart at a furious rate. At that time the street was densely Crowded. Witness followed to l'tlaginn's and there told defendant he shout t report him. Defendant admitted he was driving at a rather fast rate.— Defendant said the horse was spirited end he had not driven it before.—Mr. Monks : Is Sankey-street still a public prom- enade on Sunday evening ?—The *Chief Constable : Ye 9, to a great extent it is a public promenade for the young of both sexes. —A fine of ss. including costs was ifficosed. AN Urcurcxr BURST. - Two youths, Frederick Rudge. and Thomas Timmins, both of Winwink-roa4 were chargm with furiansly riding bicycles in Winwick-street on the 4th August.—P.C. Clough said that on the night in question he was in Horsemarket-street and saw the two defendants riding bicycles from the Central station. Thee were going about 11 miles an hour and several persons shouted to them to stop. Witness also shouted but defendants rode on into Scotland. road. Opposite the Theatre, however, the tyre of one machine burst and witness same up with defendants and took their names and addresses.—The magistrates fined defendants 5s including Costs. EXPOSING 'UNSOUND MUSHROOMI FOR SALE —James Patrick Ryan, 1, Pillcington' Court, Fennel-street, was charged with exposing a quantity of unsound vegetables for sale on the let August—lnspecter Norm in said that at 9 p.m. on the day in question he saw a handcart with about Plbs of miashro ins upon it. Thee were decomposed and stinkiag. On the cart were scales and everything men ty for selling. Ryan came up and told witness that he owned the mush- rooms and hail sold two or three lbs. Witness got an order and had them destroyed.—Defendant stated that the mush- rooms had begun to "sweat "and he cease t selling them when he noticed it.—He Was fined 10s. and costs.

TURADAT.—BeFore Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), Mr. E. J. Guest, and Mr. j. W. Hayward, NFALECT OF FAMILY.—John Joseph Taylor. was charged with running away from the borough in July 1394 and leav- ing his wife and four children chargeable to the Warrington I,lnion.—Mr. B. Shearer, enquiry officer. prosecuted and said the f imilv of defendant remained at the work- house until December 1894 when the wi'e took them out and had Thaintaine 1 them he-self ever since Defendant had gi,ren her nothing during the two years and had not returned until Monday morning, when he came to the police station and surrendered himself. He said tie had been out of work nearly all the time.—Defen,lant, a black,mith, pleaded that he had been unable to support his family as he had had no work.—He was committed to gaol

tor two months with hard labour. DRITNS,AND DISIRDFRLY.—For being guilty of drunken- ness. anT,lisord rly conduct the following persons were dealt with; —Richard Nialone,,drunk and disorderly in Marshhouse- lane, sent to gaol for 14 dtcq hard labour ; Willi tm Stanton. „amp owe, 14 days hard labour.—P.C. Berry proved the ~tfences. ALLEGED WTFE ASSAULT—A PROVOMNG WIFE —Peter Brom,,ss, 128 Birchall-street. was charged with assaulting his wife, Jane Bmmess, on the 9th inst,_He pleadei guilty hist added that he was provoked to the assault.—Mrs. Brnm, said that on -;unday about 4 o'clock defendant Came home and wanted his dinner. She told him that neither she, nor her ebildr.n had had any dinner. He said he would have some and then knocked her down and Mused her.—Defendani told

the magistrates that his wife and children had had their meals at her mother's and wcold not get his own ready. That day she had got him no breakfast though he gave her 12s. on Saturday. Ile had at the time a pair of stockings on with no feet in them. Complainant had provoked him and tried to hit him with a cup. so he struck her —The magis- trates said they thought the complainant. WAS not at all clear in the matter and had done a great demi to aggravate defen- dant. They bound Blume's over to keep the peace for six months and pay costs BREACIC oir TICE PE•CE.—James Caslin, was bound over- t° keep the peace for six months for fightinq In Bridge-street on the 21st July. Sciloor. ArrF:Nnatfcit CASES.—The followi .g persons were summoned for failing to send their children re.tularly to school, and were dealt with as stated below :—James , 29. Cross'ey-street, fined ss. ; Patrick Carey, 347, Wlnwick- road, fined 2s. 6d. ; Thomas naßkinson. 31, West-street, case adjourned for a month ' • John Glynn, 22, bilver-street. fined 55.; Mary Waterworth Pomp-yard. School-- treat, order made f,r the child to attend school ; Matilda gcCarthy, 14 Antro- bus-street. case adjourned; Ann White, 3. Turo-r-street. This woman was summoned in respect of two children. One child was sent to the ship Clio, and the other case was with- drawn.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Faitelough (chairman), Mr. J. H. Fleming and Mr. J. Geddes. DRUNK AND DISORDERLT.—Thomas Hartley, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Arpley-road on Tuesday afternoon. and was fined 5s and costs.—For being guilty of the same offence in Buttermarket-street on Tuesday evening, Margaret Lee was similarly dealt with. WIFE Assata.T.—Fredorick Noten. Blizabeth-street, was charged with assaulting and bating his wife on the 6th August.—Mrs. Noton stated thst defendant was intoxicated on the day in question and commenced to break the furniture. She trio I to prevent him and he assaulted her. She appeared reluctant to prose 'site and the Chief Constable added that she had offered to pay for the warrant —Defend- ant was bound over to keep the peace for six months an i pay costs.

THURSDAY.—Before Alderman Chandley and Alderman Wright. ABSENT WITHOUT LEAVE —John Mannion was charged with being an absentee without leave from the Ist South ancashire Regiment stationed at Youghal.—Sergeant Smith stated that at a quarter to seven from information received he went to the defendant's house at 2. Webster's-yard. off Dial- st. The defendant was in bed, and witness asked him ,bout the length of his furlough. Defendant to!d him that he should have returned on the Ist of the m nth From his fir- rough papers it appeared that in consequence of a special application, extra leave had been given the defendant, but he had now exceeded the time by eleven days He was re- manded to Strangeways Goal to aw .it an escort. The officer was recommended for the usual rew trd. Scitoot, ATTENDANCE CASES.—The adjourned schoo, atte d- ance cases against Henry Chilton, New-road, Latchford. and Matilda McCarthy, Warburton-et. w :re heard. A fine was inposed in each case.—Mr. Jones, school attendance officer, prosecuted.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD

J,(NOWN as Rey. Joseph Holmes' Mexican Prescription IL is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weakness, exhausted vitality- lcidney or bladder diseases, gravel, prostate, spinal weak' nesb, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test for twenty years. Send a self-addressed stamped nvelope to To,.z. HOLMES' Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Man Pions, Bloomsb,try Square, London, and get full particulars of Ibis g-eat speciic free of charge. Mention whether for male or female. Beware of fraudulent imitators.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PENT SRSSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. P. Speakman and F. J. Norman. DRUNK AT %YEsTos.—'rhomas Patin, of Nelson-street. WAS charged with being drunk in charge of a pony and Cart on July 29th at Weston. Two constab es swore that detendant was drunk and the evideroe went to show that he had been in charge of a horse awl tr :p which he was nk, in a condi ion to drive. Defendant pleased not guilty and callesi Robert hose who stated that Palin was sober and able to drive. —Mr. Speakman, in giving the decision of the bench, said Patin would be fined ss. and costs as he hid be-n there b,fire. They had no doubt in their minds that the police nad stited the truth and he would warn the young man who had given evidence to be very careful in giving evhience in the future.

USING THREATENING LANGUAGE: AN AMUSING ASH. Ann Telper and Mary Ann Evans were suinmonel by Elizabeth Stokes for using threatening language towards her on July 251h.—A1l the parties reside in Cholmondeley Place, and there was a good sprin kI ng sf th-ir friends who showed the warmth of their partizs.nshin by frequent and disorderly ejaculations in court. Comp'sin- ant stated that she was in her own house on the Saturday night and defendant came in end used violent language to her. She had been continit ,Ily annoyed by them and had taken the proceedings to obtain some peace and quietness. It was always the same when the defendants got drunk, and on the Saturday night they were "all drunk in a ruck together."—Eliz ibeth Mainwariug corroborated. Butts de- fendants pleaded not guilty and as the several wime,ses were called a scene of much disorder took plans through complain- ant, defendants and all the w.tnesses attempting to address the court simultaneously. After a patient is aring the magis- trates dec ded to bind tne defendants over on sureties of £lO each, with a view to ensuring some docorurn for the next iii months. Both deft ndarits expressed a desire to go to gaol rather than pay costs but calmer j reflectioa resulted in their payment. OBSCENE LANGUAGE—Sarah Ann Meakin, of Stone-street, was charged with using obscene language ors the 4th inst. P.C. Kendrick briefly stated the case and a fine of ss. and Bs. 6d. costs was imposed. A VIOLENT WOOEIIOII3EI INMATE.—NiaL7 Antrobus waa charged with wilfully breaking windows at till workhouse on Saturday last and Xiing damage to the extent of 4s.—Mr. Cunnah, the workhouse master , stated that the prisoner was an inmate of the house. On Saturday she was very violent and broke eight panes of glass in a reception ward doing damage to the amount of 4s. He had had a deal of trouble with tier for some time.—Prisoner who pleaded gully and had nothing to say was sent to gaol for fourteen days' hard labour.

NEWTON PETrY SESSIONS.

SITURDAY.—Befo re Mr. T. J. Gillespie (chairman). Mr. J. W.

Hammett. and .Mr. C. B F. Borron.

DRUNKENNESS.—The following were d alt with for this offence: Thornes Travis, 15th appearance, drunk at Gol- borne on the 25th ult., ss. and costs; Th Bond, on the 18th, at Golborne, 2s. 6d. and cents ; John elle we, on the 25th, at Haydock. ss. and costs : Ralph Platt. on the let August. at Haydock. 2s. 6d. and cost; John Flaherty, at High-street, Newton, on the 24th ult., ss. and costs. BRE eon or THE PlACE.—Thornas Mannioa and Benjamin Tirvey were both charged with committing a breach of the peace on the 3rd August by fighting in Keneron's-lane, Hay- dock, end were bound over te keep the peace tor six months in their own recognisances of £5. DAMAGING GROWING CROPS —Thomas Mannion and James Astall were charged with having on the 3rd of August com- mitted wilful damage to turnips at Hey dock. the property of Messrs. Richard Kvaas and Oornpany, Limited, awl doiag injury to the extent of a penny.—Mr. Stuart, solicitor; pro- secuted, and stated that Messrs. livens and Company heel a field of growing turnips, and mushrooms abounded in it. The two defendants hid been in the field taking the mushrooms on a previous occasion and were warned at the time. They then promised not to repeat the offence. Th ) following morn- ing they were discovered bye. police constable doing darnaee to the growing crops by trampling them down ite eeareh of mushrooms. The company did not wish to press the case, but took action in order that it might be a warring to others The magistrates cautioned the defendants and ordered theen to pay the costs. CHARGE AGAINST A PoLICE SERGEANT. —Over two hours were spent in hearing a case in which Benjamin Wright, of Haydock, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on the 19th June at Nayclock, also with assaulting the police and daing damage to an officer's nniform to he exteut of 2s. 65.; Alice Wright, mother of the defendant. WAS charged with restetl g ani onstructing the police ; and oottee- Sergeant Blackburn, of Haydock, was chareed with assault- ing Alice Wright at the same time and place.-Ir. Stuart prosecuted on behalf of the polce, ant Mr. Riley, of 6t. Helens, representes Mrs. Wright and her son. -In opening the ease, Mr. Stuert statel that on the night of the 19th y at 11 15, P.C. Rawcliffe and Sergeent Blackburn were on duty in Church-road, Hayclook. While there they heard a considerable noise a little distan e away and went in that direction. They found Alice Wright creating a disturbance and calling out "0 my child." She fhed hold of the defend- ant, Benjamin Wright, and a considereb:e disburbance was going on P.S. Blackburn went to speak to the man Wright and told him to be quiet. Wright immediately turned upon Blackburn and commenced kicking him no the legs. Blackburn got toll of Wriget but the female defendant, Wright's mother, came to the assistance of her son, ani between the two of them his clothing was torn and he was further assaulted. P.O Rawciiffe did not interfere until he saw how Blackburn was being abused. He went to Blackburn's assistance, and in the end in order to stop rho disturbance. Wright was locked up. He was drunk at the time. Mrs. Wright came to the Police Station between one and two o'clock the next morning and commenced •o create a 1 d.sturbance. and Sergeant Bags kid to th eaten to lock her up. That involved the whole of the charges. The police had no option but to proceed as they did, and Blackburn did nothing more than was necessary in the discharge of his duty. The whole disturbance was caused by Wrigot kicking the officer. No complaint was made by Wright or his mother as to an assault having been committed upon them. If Bla Melina hart assaulted Mrs. Wright, as was alleged. the police would have heard of it on the night in question. It was not likely that an experienced officer who had met with the approval of his superiors and was ueser a police sergeant, would assault a woman.—P. S. Backourn corroborated Mr. Stuart's statement. Wright kicked hito several times. Witness threw him to the ground owing to his violence. He allowed the man to regein his feet, but he , commenced kicking again, and with the assistance of P.O. Rawcliffe he handcuffed him. Ile never assaulted Mrs. Wright who came to the assistance of her son.—ln cross- examination, witness denied that he was on the look-out fer a case. He never hit the child in the woman's arms or Saw the woman knocked down twice. He admitted that he drew his staff when taking Wright te the Police Station, but he never hit the man and dazed him so that he had to get a I waggonette to take the man away. The waggonette was passing at the time. He din not hit the prisoner whets in the cells. It WAS uatrue that P.C. Davies asked him whether he wanted to kill the man. On re-exemination witness said he did not put the prisoner in the cells until Sergeant Bage had seen him. No coinplaiats were made of an assault upon Mrs. Wright.—P.C. Rawoliffe spoke to pulling Mrs. Wright trom Blackburn. He was responsible for any injuries to the woman if there was any.—Mr. James Taylor. Sergeant Bags, P.C. Faulkner, and P.C. Davies also gave evidence in sup- port or the pole° case. P.C. Davies denied that he spoke to the police about them ill-using Wright in the police station. Wright Was drunk and fell from a chair in the police office When waiting for Sergeant Bake to come to see him, Sergt. Bage deposed that P.S. Blackburn was bruised on the right to-warm and the skin was off his hand There were air° ads- colonred marks on the sergeant's shins.--For the defence,Mr. Riley dwelt neon the interference of the police in the first instance, which he contended WAS unnecessary. The man nag walking home in company with his mother. He was not drunk and the disturbance !as it was called, was in consequence of a man having de- manded threepence for him. There was no reason for the police to interfere whatever. He (Mr. Riley) had otter thought when appeals were made to the magistrates to pro- tect the pollee, theta good corollary to it would be to protect Ithe polce from themselves. There could be nothing worse I for the police force in that district than for th-m to let their zeal outrun their discretion, and think that the appeal of pro- tecting the police would protect them in some occult way , when they exceeded their &lies Both Mrs. Wright and her I son were of good character and had never appeared in a police court before, He would prove by evideace that the man was not drunk, and there was nothing in his manner to justify the officers in attempting to arrest him, and he was within his rights in meeting force with force. - Benjamin Wright, 21 years of age, stated that he was returning with his mother to Haycleck, on the night in question when he was stoppe 1 by a man who demanded threepence from him. He had a scuffle, and when he was on the floor a police officer came up and put his knee on his chest. Witness's mother said " take his name and let him go bogie." but Blackburn said he would not have his name and address. He saw Blackburn push his (witness's) mother away. The police used their staffs and when he we at the office, he was pulled off a seat by the ears. Witness was not drunk. lie did not resist the police. In moss-examination, witness

===== 0002601_18960815_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15 1896. NEW BOOKS, MA.GA.ZINES, ETC.

said it was P.S. Blackburn that pulled him by the ears.— Alitie Wright gave oorroborative evidence, and stated that she was twice pushed to the ground by the police. Evidence for the defence was also given by James Halley, New Boston, Haydock. John Smith, collier, Enoch Mosedale, and Thomas Norburv.—The magistrates dismissed the summons against Blackburn for assault, also the summons against Mrs. Wright for obstructing the police ; and fined Benjamin Wright ss. and costs on the charge of drunkenness only. Ftrarous Datvista.—Albert Andrews, of Leigh, was charged with furious driving at Newton on the 25th ult. P.d. Barnes of Padgate, proved the case, and a line of 103. sad :costs was Imposed. UNSTAMPED GLASSES oN NEWTON RACECOURSE,—Sarah Ann Cooper, licensed victualler, Besses o'th Barn, Whitefield, was charged with having unstamped measures at Newten on the 24th ult. Inspector Sh .pherd deposed that ha vis'ted tent at Newton Racecourse on the date named and was served with beer in an unstarnped glass. Mr.Cameron,assistant gave corrobaretive evidence and a fine of 10s. and costs was im- posed.—Samuel Hurst.' pablic.an, Widnes, was fined& like amouet, for a similar offence. R.S.P.C.A. CASES. Daniel Westhead, Spring-gate, Barn- furlong WAS charged with cruelty to a horse on the 24th July at ‘ewton, and also charged with cruelty to the same horse on the following day.—lnspector Luff, R S.P. C.A. proved the case, and state I that the defendant used the horse for convey- ing persons from the station to the course. Is was cruelty to work th 3 animal in the condition it was in, Witness told the man to take it home which he did, but on the following day he worked it agaist.—The magistrates ordered him to pay the cost in the first case. and ss, and costs in the second.—Robert Craven, of Wigan was charged with cruelty to a horse by beating and overloading it —lnspector Liiff stated that the defendant was carrying more passengers than he was entitled to. There were 13 passengers in the conveyance when witness saw it, and he I was only licensed to carry nine. The animal WAS very much exhausted, and was suffering through the defendant beating it.—He was fined 53 and costs.—William Cook, of Haydock, was charged with craelty to a horse by working the same I while in an unfit state on the 25th ult.—lnepector Luckings R S.P.C.A.. stationed at Altrincham proved he case and a flue of 2s. ed. and coats was imposed.—Th)mas McCormick. St. Helens, was charged with eruelty to a horse on the 24th ult. by working it in an unfit state, and Henry Gerrard, Tyldesley, was charged with a simiar offence on the 25th ult. by overloading the s ime.—John William Ashurst, of Barn- furlong, WAS also charged with illtreating a hone on the 25th nit.—lnspector Luckings proved all the cases, and each de- fendant was fined 103. and Costs —Martha Ogden. of Earles- town, was charged with cruelty to a horse by causing it to be worked when in an unfit state, and Margaret Sykes, of Berlestown, was summoned for working the same.—lnspector Lnekings gave evidence in sopoort of the charge. and Ogden was fined 53. and costs, and Sykes 23. 6 and c asts.

W'FF, DESF:RTION.—Thomas Ward. late of Go!borne, was charged with running away on the 25th Septemoer, 1895, leaving his wife and six children chargeable to the common funds of th, Union.-4r. Andrew Nicho'son tave evidence as to the desertion, and stated that defend List's wife and family were still chargeable to the Union,land had cost over £6O for thair maintenance.—The defendant, who made no excuse, was committed to prison or three months. TEM RESULT OF A SCUFFLE.—Patrick Lyons was charged with being drunk an I disorderly at Newton on the 15th of March, and also with assaulting tlae police at the same time. —Superintendent Higginbottom said he desired to withdraw theeharge of assault on the police. On the date named dur- ing a scuffle with another man, the defendant assaulted the police, hut at the Same time strained his own ankle with the result that the defendant had been an inmate of an infirmary. —The magistrates fined the defendant ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly.

A. CONSTABLE AND CO.—From these publishers we have received a pretty little story entitled " Torriba (a princess of the Amorayes)," which is from the pen of J. Cameron Grant. The narrative is founded on the chance acquaintance which a young Englishman makes with Torriba, whose home is in Brazil. Ile finds her a wild,untutored child of nature, but her beauty, ionocence and simplicity at once attract him- Time rolls on ana a mutual affec- tion springs up between the two, but marriage and " happiness ever after" was not for them, a great calamity severing their hopes decisively. Life in the Brazilian forests as experienced by these two, the author portrays vividly, and in fact draws a picture of an idyllic existence. There is abundance of pathos in the story, which is altogether simply yet cleverly woven. None can fail to be delighted with the heroine's charming personality. A freedom of treatment,somawhat unusual, is not infrequently displayed, and it further redounds to the author's credit as a departure from cenventionality. A strong cloth cover neatly embellished, encloses the pages of the story and also a useful appendix at the end.—" The Enemies," by E. Hs Cooper, will be found to be a more than ordinarily interesting novel. Briefly it tells of love and marriage,temptation and almost a fall, finishing up with reconciliation and peace. This is quite the orthodox and well-worn foundation of a novel,and it might be thought that little of interest could be woven into any new a- doption of it. "The Enemies," however, is original, and embodies characters and incidents of an admirable order. The political and social world finds a large place in the tale, to which it lends variety. Nothing sensa- tional enters into it, and the pleasure which its perusal affords further proves that the old style of story—an intricate plot with characters of every hue--is not necessary to claim the attention of modern readers. Coming down to minor details we musl- in justice say that the binding of the story is Most COMM,3ll,4l,bie, so artistic and pretty is the simple design of the cover. Readable type and rich paper complete the excellence of the edi- tion.—There are over 200 pages of very interesting reading in "Sketches and Stories, Grave and Gay," by Montgomery Carmichael. Most of the items in the book have already appeared in some of the leading English Magazines, but they can be no worse for that, rather better if anything, for their publication in those journals is but a guarantee of their excellence. It is also very unlikely that more than one or two have been read by the same person 80 they will rank as new and quite original to the mejosity of readers. Of widely diversified charac- ter, the sketches, etc., form a budget of literature which will suit all. Like other volumes of the same class it may be picked up, put down, and resumed at any time, with its attractiveness still fresh and strong. Messrs. Constable and Co. have issued the volume with characteristic taste and get up.—Still another novel published by the same firm remains to be commented upon. A. lady writer, Mrs. Newman, is the author, and" His Vindication," as a standard of her work, should rank high in the public estima- tion. " Too late," and " Jean," by the same author have already attracted favourable notice and this last venture should hold its own anywhere. Mrs. Newman commences her story by introducing us to the gossips of Greyhorough, the town round which the characters of " His Vindication " move and have their being- These three gossips, each different and each cleverly conceived, provide a bye-play to the more important events of the story. Their idiosyncracies are amusing in the extreme. Early in the narrative the guardian of Barbara Vane, the heroine, dies, and her fortune is found to have disappeared, presum- ably by his wrongful speculation. Ruin follows the death and the family falls from its high estate. An interesting account of their after life occupies the middle of the book, in which Barbara Pane is misunderstood all round and her actions wrong- fully interpreted. By her, however, the ultimate vindication of her guardian comes about and with it the happiness of all concerned. There is a villian in the story and numerous other characters, all truly excellent. That!of Miss Denison, a lady who makes Barbara the instrument whereby all is cleared up, is worthy of study. She is both cynical and loving and possesses it keen insight into the char- acter of others. Mrs. Newman'is whole construction of the tory is artistic and masterly. Nothing is over-done, vet, nothing is commonplace and it is evident that care has bben taken in the perfecting of all details of the story so that everything in it is coherent and consistent. " His Vindication " will be well liked wherever it, goes. -

MACMILLAN AND COMPANY.—The Illustrated Standard Novel series has already reached large proportions but it may be said of the editions that " still they come." Captain Marryat's " Mr. Mid- shipman Easy:ls the latest in print and it has been very capably illustrated by Fred Pegram. The in- troduction is by David Hannay, whose essay on the hook is comprehensive and lacks not perception. He says "If Peter Simple' is on the whole the best 'Mr. Midshipman Easy' is the most gay of Marryat's stories. It possesses excellent scenes of war and adventure." With Mr. Haepay's opinion we quite agree for there are few boys' hooks which combine rollicking fun and wholesome excitement so well as " Mr. Midshipman Easy."--Another couple of the Tennyson Pocket Editions has reached us. One bears the title of" Rizpah " and the other" The Voyage of Maeldune " but both of course, contain numerous other poems besides. They make the nineteenth and twentieth numbers respectively of this issue of Tennyson's works.—" The Century." " Macmillan's Magazine," and "St. Nicholas." for the present month are all replete in reading matter of the best kind.

F. V. WHIT]; AND CO.—" The Same Thing With a Difference," is a shilling production. being a chronicle of a suburban episode told by Job n Strange Winter. The author states that the story is of a family which came out of Ileth and found not favour with the citizens of Suburbia. She gives the opinions of this family, held by half-a- dozen persons, separately and following one ano- ther. All of course vary, and to the reader, who knows'something more than the citizermare produc- tiveof amusement. Like John Strange Winter's other works, "The Same Thing with a difference," is a chatty, gossipy production, aid only adaptable for light reading. Still, these chapters are clever in- ventions, and not far out of the actual truth of thin. Some progress in the fortunes of " The Family" is made in tbe diff..rent criticisms and this makes the book more of the nature of a story. CASSAT,L AND Co.—" In a Conning Tower" or "How I took H.M.S. Majestic 'into action," is an article in magazine form, both interesting and instructive. Mr. 11. 0. Arnold-Forster, IL P., is its author, and he says his object is to give a faithful idea of the possible course of an action between two modern ironrlads availing themselves of all the weapons of offence and defence which an armoured ship at the present day possesses. That he has done so all who read this work will admit, it ir an exciting account and teaches a lot, as to the terrible effect of modern warfare. High naval authorities have expressed their appreciation of the accuracy of the description.—Part one of a popular edition of Cassell's Book of Sports and Pastimes (price 61.) has lust been issued. It is illustrated and gives a portrait of Dr. W. G Grace and a record of his cen- turies made in first-class matches.

GROROR NEWNRS AND CO.—The current number of the "Strand" is a holiday number containinc.7 16 stories and articles suitable for holiday reading, with 180 illustrations.—From the same offices an- other new periodical has made its debut. "The Hub' is its name and it is an illustrated journal for wheelmen and women. Tt: contains information, hints, interviews, legal wrinkles, and in fact almost everything interesting to the cyclist,for 1(1. There are 44 pages and the ,nagazine is neatly got up. WARD, LOCK AND BOWDEN.—This month's edition of the Windsor Magazine is especi- ally interesting inasmuch as it contains an illus- trated article telling all about the Australian cricketers, by Fred. A. McKenzie. Beside this the second instalment of Coulson Kernahan's new story "Captain Shannon" is given. and approaches in- teresting developments. Articles and short stories are numerous and well written.

FICURN REMEDIES are the most wonderful skin cures, blood purifiers, and humour remedies ever com- pounded. They may be used on the youngest infant and most delicate invalid with gratifying and unfailing success. They afford instant relief and a speedy cure in the most torturing and disfigurinr, of itching, burning. n d scaly skin and scalp diseases. They cleanse the system by internal and external medication of every eruption and impurity, and constitute the most effe7tive humour treatment of modern times.

Her Majesty the Queen has caused it to be announce d that she wishes any celebration of the fact that she wi! shortly have reigned loner than any other Britisb? sovereign to " be reserved until, should she be spared, she has actually completed a reign of sixty years.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A PECULIAR DISEASE.

The fretting and wearing cares of business, domestic relations, political life and other affairs, with laborious brain-work, social dissipation, and unhygienic habits, have caused such an increase in the number of invalids from nervous exhaustion, that this disease is now re- coen.3ed as a distinct malady. Bodily health and welfare are neglected for wealth, position, honour and distinction. The business man, by close application to his business, hurried and irregular meals, loss of sleep and the neglect of exercise, at last finds his health failing and himself incapable of meeting the demands on his energies. So it is with a great many people. They eat in a hurry, sleep as if in a hurry and very little, toil long and late, with little or no recreation, until failing health warns them of this sad neglect of duty. This tendency, which is becoming general, has for its outcome but one result—impairment of the phy- sical and incapacity of the mental energies. Ask a physician why it is, and he tells us the blood has become impure from the ccumulation of effete matters and waste materials, which the kidneys have failed to carry off. But why, we ask, have the kidneys not performed their excreting functions? Because the energies and forces of the system have been attracted in another direction by, this intense application to business, and the pursuit of wealth,which has become such a lotttle. Again, we ask, is there any remedy to keep these organs in a healthy condition, or any method by which poisonous products like uric acid, can be eliminated from the circulation ?

The answer is as decided as it is satisfactory. For a Tong time, tests and experiments were made with vari- ous remidies, but to no purpose. At last was found the remedy par excellence above others, Warner', Safe Cure. This great remedy acts as a true specific for this disease, and has been repeatedly and satisfactorily tested. It not only cleanses the blood of all impurities and poison- ous materials, but promotes th 4 healthy activity of the various organs of digestion, circulation and secretion. That this remedy does produce these desirable results,is attested by its over-increasine popularity.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
KHAMA'S WEDDING.

An eye-witness thus describes the recent wedding of Khama, the Bamangwato chief :—The old proverb " Happy is the bride that the sun shines on "was cer- tainly a herald of happiness to Khama and Sethagwane, for though in a country like this fair weather is more or less of a certainty, still on this occasion the sun seemed to shine, if possible, with more brilliancy, and yet lack- ing its terrible power of scorching. At an early hour all the village was up and stirring. Streams of smoke curl- ing from hundreds of huts showed busy preparations for an early breakfast, for on this day Khama, chief of the great Bamangwato nation, was to be married to Sating- wane. No daughter of royal blond, no nobly born mai 'en was she, hut a simple village beauty, whose father was chief herdsman to Kham _ _

Thera is much interest attached to this wedding for various reasons. Khama having been a widower for so long, and finding life lonely, now all his children had arown up and were married, and none left to look after him and attend to his needs, wisely resolved to take another wife.

He first paid his deysirs to the daughter of a neigh- bouring chief, hut broke off the eneagement as the rela- tives of the bride required the usual payment ; but Khams, who is a Christian, and follows the observances of Christianity, refused to buy his wife at all, and so was compelled te look elsewhere. While returning from his unsuccessful quest his eyes tell an the young maiden as she followed her father carrying his food to the dis- tant cattle post, and he felt that he here had found the the one to make him happy and tend him in his old age. Besides, wasn't she a Christian too? And hadn't he seen her at church on Sundays? All preliminaries with the parents were settled and the wedding-day fixed. But what makes this marriage of such importance is the fact of its bein* the first marriage of its kind ever celebrated in this tribe according to the rites of the Church. Nine a.m. Was the hour fixed for the ceremony. Long before that hour crowds of natives could be seen assembling on the outskirts of their kraals. The veneration and res- pect with which Khama is held, not only by his own na- tion hut more especially by the white population, was fully shown by the vast crowds who wended their way to the little mission church, snugly hidden away an.ense the trees on the hillside. It was a day of holiday. Even the stores were closed in honour of the event, and every man considered it to be his duty to do honour to the chief by being present at his wedding. Khama and his best man were the first te arrive. The bridegroom Was dressed in white nankee trousers, an exceedingly well-made frock-coat, white silk tie, turned•down collar, white shirt, and carried a pair of lavender gloves in his hands. Meceleksreste was the name of the gentleman who waste help Kha,ma,and hold his hat, ,te.. At length a deep, humming noise from the throats of the many hundreds otesicie the church proclaimed the arrival of the bride, who was escorted up the aisle by one of the principal white storekeepers, and took her seat alongside her fiance on two of four chairs which were placed with their sacks to the rest of the congregation and near to the table on whieh lay the register and press and ink. She wore a short walking dress of white satin, most plainly made, puff sleeve' s a long white veil over her head, and a large bunch of artificial orange blossoms on it, which was kept occa- sionally in place by a broad band of elastic round the bask of her head ; unfortunately the elastic was a trifle loose, and occasionally the bunch hung over the side of an ear, but the bride evidently experienced little or no inconvenience, and the defect was soon remedied. Black boots and stockings completed her attire. The service was performed by Mr. Willoughby, the Wesleyan missionary, and was entirely in the Sechwane language, and parrs ef it were most impressive through the earnest way in which the whole congregation joined in the singing. The usual fermula of asking if any im- pediment was known was gone through, this being one of the parts of the ceremony insisted An by the Govern- ment. the service being under the old Du,ch and Roman law, as used through all the Protectorate. The bride- gr OM and bride then joined hands, end the farmer made the following dee' tration :—" I, Khama, call all the assembly here to witness and to testify that I take you. Sethagwane, to be my wife, and to build our house together until we die," the bride repeating the same words, with the exception of saying :—" I, Sethaerwane, sin takers by Khama," Sse. Then comes the declaration that they are man and wife. A lectere on love and its consequent duties is given by Mr. Willoughby, and a prayer and the Benedictus brings to a close the simple and impressive ceremnny. When all was over the bride and bridegroom adjourned to Mr. Willeughby's house, where a reception was held, and cake awl tea given to all tense who cared for it. The ceremony of cutting the cake was duly performed by the bride, who seemed much to appreciate the eating of

===== 0002601_18960815_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE-CF,A.

The finest embrocation in the world. Promptly restores tone to the tired or strain,d muscles. Made by the Tlomocea Comuany, Limited. and put up in collapsible tubes, price 6,1. and Is. 6d. each Sold by :—Mr. J. It. YOUNG, Pharmaceutical chemist, Sankey-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
C RICKET.

ri 80, G. BUSSBY & CO.. are rnakers of High Class ki apli- anees for Footbtll, Golf, Hockey, Lacrosse, and all Sports and Games, also for Gymnasia and Plsysical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue may be ob4ined from local Deilers or the Sports Manufactory, London, S.B. Trade Mark G.G.B.

*„* Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are tequested to note that rep rts f matt•hei pliyert on Saturday must he sen, to the Head Office. Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than 10 o'cleek on Thursday morning, or they cannot be inserted.

STOCKTON HEATH TEMPERANCF: T. HATTON.—This match was played on the ground of the former, and an exciting game ended in a win for:the homesters. Score : —Hatton, 40 ; Temperance, 47. ST. LUKE'S JUNIORS V, WARRINGTON Vies. 1.9 T.— Plityed on the former's ground on S4.turday, and resulted in a win for the homesters by 12 runs. Warrington Vie., 14 ; St. Luke's Juniors 26.

DARRSRURY V. lIATTON.—rtIi9 Mitch WAS played at DAresbury on Monday night, and resulted in a draw. Daresbury went in first, and only 6 wickets fell:for 66 tuna, Booth making 42 not out.

DARESBURY V. MERSEY TANNERY.—This match was played at Daresbury on Saturday.and resulted in a very easy victory for tha home team by 34 runs. Score : Mersey Tannery. 38 and 26 : Daresbury, 53 and 4.6.

WARRINGTON' v. CITHRTHAM ?DLL—This m4tch—the first this season—between these clubs was played at Cheetham Rill on S iturday, and resulted in a victory fer the home tears. Scare and bncylinc! analysis :

- WARRINGToN. CHHETHAM HILL. 8 Id Crosfield c Taylor ' b Lawton run out Pennington A C Nelsol b Lawton Thewlis b Penninzton J Callon c Holt b Penning- nor l3 ton E Connor b Penni agton G Hampson b Penning- J B Frartgley c Duckworth ton W H Podmoro canl b Li tw- W H Pennington b gonnor 14 ton J Bibby b Lawton A Duckworth c and b Pen- H A Swallow not . 0

nington H H ByAns b Pennington 0 Scrimshaw not out 0

Extt as 4

Extras • 12

Total ll5 3SI Total (for 8 wkts) 133 BOWLING ANALYSIS WARRINGTON. CH ER rrum HILL. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. W H Penning- 13 Connor ton Lawton l9 10 26 3 Thew is l2 1 50 1 H A Swallow 11 2 38 0 Sir Crosfield 2 0 7 0 J Bibhv 4 1 12 1 Thewlis bowled a wide.

PETER WALKER AND SON, LIAIITED 1.3 T XI. V. WAR- RINGTON POLlCE.—Played at Dalton Bank OR Saturday, and resulted in an easy wits for the Brewery team. Score : PETER WALKER 8; SON, LTD. WARRINGTON POLICE. T Allen b Leonard 3.: E Hollin,worth b T Allen 10 3 Tilling c Barlow b W Evans b T Allen Stewart E Allen c Forster b Leonard 34 E Bradley b T Allen J Asht n 1 b Leonard ..... .... 4 J Leon4rd b T Allen ...... J Bailey b Newey 2 F Foster b T Allen J Caine b L,on ird TToid e Evans b Leonard 0 Todd 5 J Bolton b Newey J Adner not out H Knight run out S Unsworth run out Extras 4 Extras

Tohl

Total

SA.NERV WIRE MILLS V. CIZESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS, 2ND TEAMS.—TiIiS MAtel was played at Lovely Lane on Saturda.v and resulted in a win for the Wire Mills by 41 runs. Score : CHESHIRE LINES. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. Deeley b Helsby Higham b Helsby J W Plinston b ,ielsby 0 Plidstan Hackett b Helsby - 0 Gough bJ W Plinstou lO D Plinstonb Rutter 3 Barlow c lif nwright b J Hogg c Gough b Rutter.-- 2 W Plimton WarburA e Clarke b Rutter 0 Clarke b Plinston 3 Genders not out HughPs b Helsby 0 Deelev 2B Dale c Moss b Helsby 0 Hassell .b J W Plinston... 0 Ketwright b Helsby ...... Rut er c Genders b War- hurst Ball b Deeley Scarisbrick e Hackett li Deeley 4 Extras 5 Extras 7

Total 2B Total 69 EARLESTOWN V. CRERTHAM.—PIayed at Cheetham n 3 Saturday. cre

digHEE VII A.M. EARLESTOWN. T H Sinclair b Clare C Shirpe,to Clare l7 Di ppia P Mercer b Clure ....... ..... 0 G W Deani3 not out ll4 W Parker c Clare b Barker 13 J Miller run out 1 C Bolton c and b Clare l2 A Chirlesvvorth c and 5 P Pharsey c Dennis b Clara 9 Di ppie lB Dipole c Dennis b B.rker 10 P P Clare not out 2l W Tinker 0 Clare b Barker ... W Jenkinson did not bat J Farrington b Barker 0 T Barker .. Lister not out 0 Vf H Crowther ..

..... .. Garstang e Halton 8 d H Alderson ~ W lislton II T Mitchell Extras 5 Extras 1

Total BB

Total 119

RUNCORN v. WESTON.—This match took place at Wes- ton, and after poor cricket on the part of both sides re- sulted in a win for Runcorn by 5 runs. During the game the Weston bowlers dismissed till Runcorn eleven for 28, Tudor taking 8 wickets ior 12 runs, and Lightfoot 3 for 10 runs. The Weston eleven were also quickly dis- posed of for 23 runs,A.brams taking 5 wickets for 7 runs, Evans 1 for 3, and Jeacock 4 for 5. Cross knocked up 9 for Runcorn and Tudor compiled a like number for Weston, the two scores being the highest individual efforts. Bcorre

RUNCORN. WESTON. Wright lbw b Tudor 4 W Pendlebury b Evans ... 0 Cross c Hope b Lightfoot 9 Hope b Abrams 0 Heath b Tudor 3 J Lightfoot c Warder p Booth c Tudor b Lightfoot 3 Abrams 4 Evans b Tudor Abrams b Tudor 0 J & Pendlebury b Abrams 1 0 Tudor b Jeaeock Howard b Tudor 0 0 Pendlebury lbw b jeacock b Tudor .t. . o Abrams McLeod not out Warder b Lightfoot Brennan b Tudor Simpson b Jeacook J. 0 Lightfoot b Jeacook 0 Extras 3 Extras 8

Total 2B

Total 23

RUNCORN V. WIIBTOK (A. Tsams).—This match was played at Runcorn. For Weston, Pye took six wickets for 13 runs.__Score :

--- -- RUNCORN. WESTON. Gaskell b Bankes. " 6 Burrows b Houghton 0 Johnson b Pve 2 Leaeh b Hough Hillidge b Pye 4 0 williams o Sutton b Hough b Pye 1 Houghton 0 Leathwood b PYe 0 Bankes b Houghton 0 Burrows b Bunke!' , 5 Yates b Houghton Green b Pye 9 Pye 0 Hißidge b Hough- Houghton run out Jones b Pve 0 Jones b Hlllidge Suttou not out ... ............... 2 Darbyshire b Hillidge 9 Yates run out ................ .. Ball h Hlllidgo 0 B Williams not out Norton b Houghton 4 Extras .................. 3 Extras 2

Total ... ......... 41

Total 4t

WARRINGTON CRICKET LEAGUE.

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. CHEST:LIRE LINES ENGINEERS. —The above match was played on Saturday on the Engineers ground before a large gathering. Score : man MILLS. ENGINEERS. Williams c Howard Walker c Marshall b•

............. _. _ Harrison Bailey c Jones b Lawless... 10 Jones b Warburton Cook c John Monks b Hackett b Warburton Harrison Hooper c John Monks b b Warburton ........ 0 Brown Marshall b Harrison Woodc,nk c John Monks b Cleave b Warburton 5 Brown Simpson run out 6 Warburton 0 Warburton b Monks 8 Jae Monks not out ... ..... 3 Bvans c Forster b Monks l4 Howard c Bailey b Simp- Crosskill a John Monks b son 0 __ _

Morrison Hobson not out 3 Extras

Total 9B

Total

SANKEY' WESLEYANS v. ST. ELPIIIN'S.—This match was played on the ground of the former on Saturday. Score :

W META NS. ST. ELPHIN'S . Clare b Grestv 0 Maskell b Taylor 4 Upson ht wkt b Duckworth 0 Mason c Booth b Taylor 2 Taylor b Gresty Beaman c Taylor b Duck- Duckworth b Taylor _ worth _ _ _ __

, Booth b Grestv 0 Hatton run out 1 Bennett b Duckworth 3 Barnes not out Llewellyn b Barnes l7 Woods c Sudlow b Taylor 8 Light b Barnes 4 Grestv c Upson b Beaman 0 Sudlen o Barnes b Duck- Whittle e Upson b Taylor 2 worth

Morrell not out 1 Extras 5

Extras... 4

Total

Total

===== 0002601_18960815_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
TO MOTHERS.—Mrs. low's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers fu theirchildreu while teething with perfect success, it will relieve the poco sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button." Of at chemists, is. 1 ..d. per )ttle.—Advt. THE WIRRALL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICULTURAL SHOW. —lt may be noticed from an advertisement in another column that entries fer this popular show will be flnally closed on the 19th August. The show will be held on September 2ad and 3rd at Birkenhead. The Secretary is Mr. A. H. Edwards, 28, Hamilton-a., Birkenhead,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

A strange scene took place at a wedding ceremony at Bedford. The bride had made the expresso stipulation that the wedding was to be a perfectly quiet one, but somehow news of the forthcoming event leaked out,with the result that a large congregation assembled, and the bridal pair found themselves the centre of an admiring throng. The bridegroom got all the blame for this un- welcome publicity, and in vain did he plead that the ceremony should proceed. The bride protested that she could not stand the ordeal of going through the ser- vice before so many eves,and was deaf to all entreaties. The registrar exhan tel his patience, and hastened oat of the building, followed by the greons--elect and the principal witnesses. Then the minister in attendance' had the pleasure of escorting the timid bride to a cab, and she was conveyed back to the parental roof-tree.

The " Atlanta Constitution," which boasts the presence of Uncle Remo:, and the Georgia poet, Frank L. Stanton. on its staff, is responsible for the following story, the troth of which it vouches for :—" A good- looking, well-to-do bachelor, of Griffin, Georgia, was being teased by the young ladies of a club for not being married. He said. " marry the one of you whom, on a secret vote, you Pint to he my wife." There were nine members of the club. Each 241 went into a corner and used great cauticn in preparing her ballot and die- guising her handwriting. The result of the vote was that there were nine votes cast, each girl receiving one. The man remains a bachelor, the club is broken up, and the girls are mortal enemies, united in the one de- termination that they will not speak to the man again.

"Give me a drink before you bury me." Such (says the Paris c rrespondent of the "Daily Telegraph") were the words gravely uttered by a presumed corpse as it was about to be laid in the coffin. The bystanders, ap- palled by this phenomenon, took to ffi,ht, and reported the extraordinary incident to their chief, who hurried t the spot to find the suppo4ed dead man had by that time been completely revived by a physician, and was on his way to the hospital, where no doubt as to his per- fect recovery is now entertained. An Arab named Mo- hammed Ben Aed el Benzerti had murdered no less than four of his fellow-countrymen, and for this crime he had been condemned to the capital penalty. The execution came off on Saturday morning, and, according to the regulations, the murderer had to remain suspended for a quarter of an hour ere the rope was cut; but while those ,s7ho were charged to carry out the sentence maintain that this rule was obeyed to the letter, the police who were on the spot declare that Mohammed only spent seven minutes dangling in mil-air. Be this as it may, the criminal passed through a rude ordeal, and emerged therefrom, if not kicking, at least with some breath left in his body. The opinion in Tunis is that the death sen- tence will now be commuted.

According to the " Matabele Times," Rhodesia has had a narrow escape. The story runs that after the Matabeleland Mounted Police left for Pitsani, there were not ten mounted police left in the whole of Matabele- land. It was only owing to a hitch somewhere that the whole of the Rhodesia Horse did not march to the bor- der as well. "Thank God "(proceeds OUT contempor- ary) " for that hitch ! For had they gone, and taken all the remaining field guns and Maxims, as intended, the Matabele would have d.ne with the whole of Rhode- sia what they are stated to have done with the township of scoffed' it. Every white man,woman, and child woul(i have traen wiped out completely, and Bulawayo would have been razed to the ground.

Any doubt cast upon the wholesomeness of the rabbit as an article of food will alarm a very large proportion of the humbler p-mulation of this country. Thanks to the reproductive habits of the rabbit itself, and also to the fact that it serves as an object of sport to so many People. its flesh forms one of the cheapes- articles of animal fond. Dr. S'evenson, however, the eminent analyst to the Home Office, stated in his evidence at the inquest on the servant who died of eating rabbit-pie,that in the course of his experience he had found large num- bers of live rabbits affected with micrc,-organisms to such an alarminc, extent that they frequently died in consequence. The organisms. he added, were generally killed by cooking, but this could not be taken as a safe- guard. The danger, it would seem, csnnot be very great; otherwige, from the enormous number of rabbits eat(--n, we should hear of more cases of It is a curious fact that meat cooked in a pie often seems to develop some poisonous qualities. The number of people who have been made ill from eating beefsteak-pie, for instance, is surprising

The training of does for military Purposes has long been cultivated in the Jager regiments (Chasseurs a pied) of the German Army. In the so-called Jaga.r Battalion of the Guard at Potsdam no leos than thirty dogs of various kinds are employed for this purpose. The care of the animals, which must be vary young, is entrusted to reliahle people - but a change in their atteniants is frequently effected an that the do.a'may be accustomed more to the unifnrm than to the individual. The train- ing begins by causing the animals to accompany single patrols on sentinels' walks, the dogs being first led by a string, but later permitted to run free. Having ac- customed them to the uniform, the next step is to nen them hack, and they soon understand that they are en- trusted with messages. written on a slip of paper which is exactly so large that it can he concealed behind the copper plate en the collar. When the patrol examines the latter the animals can scarcely be held back, and as soon as pnssible race impetuously to the main body. It is somewhat more difficult when the dot's have to again find the patrol, who has meantime continued his march, hut the animals qualified for the performance of war, succeed in this also before long. Then the training pro- ceeds step by step. After having learned to take mes- sages, they are taught to search for the wounded, to bring ammunition to companies engaged in battle, and, what is more diffie-alt, to fled the enemy without mak- in. any neise. Of the animals submitted to the batta- lion for training, only a few are capable of satisfying the demands made of a real war dog. As yet -German pointers have s:anwn themselves the best for this pur- pose. English breeds possess a higher intelligence, but go to work too hastily, and consequently tiro more quickly.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

THE PROPOSED NEW COUNTY CLUB.

4 meeting of the Lancashire section of the Northern Rugby Union was held on Monday night at the Spread Raffle Hotel', Manchester, Mr. J. H. Smith (Widnes) pre- siding. The business first brought forward was the con- sideration of the bvelaws for the new county organisa- tion. The byelaws,which were adopted as recommended, included the following :—" 1. That the name of the union be '-The Lancashire County Football Union,' and that its headquarters be in Manchester, where all general meetines behold. 2. The Union shall he the paramount authority on the conduct of the game in accordance with the regulations of the Northern Rugby Football Union throughout Lancashire, and shall be governed by a committee of 16 members. 3. The following clubs, as founders of the union ,viz., lirrmehton Rangers, Legh, Oldham, Rechdale Hornets, St. Helens, Tyldeslev. War- rington, Whines, and Wigan, shall each be entitled to elect one member of the committee. The remaining seven seats shall be filled at the annual general meeting of the union, to be held in July in each year. 6. The committee shall elect the county teams and fill up vacan- cies on the committee, and may exercise all the powers of the club."—Mr. J. E. Platt, the hon. secretary. re- nerted that a difficulty had arisen with regard to the filling un of the fixture lists ef some of the junior (+lbs. He suggested that 'to meet the difficulty two junior leasues should be formed, and for that reason the county divided into two narts. The meeting resolved that a meeting of the clubs in the union'outside the senior com- petition be called with a view of forming a junior league or leagues, and that such junior clubs as were desirous of joining the league or leagues be invited to do so.— Mr. Platt suggested the following as possible lige for the two suggested junior leagues, with the addition of such clubs as might be disposed to join:—(1) Salford St. Bartholomew's, lironehton Recreation, Stockpert ibn- gers, Abbey Hills, Lees, Oldham Juniors, Waterhead Hornets, Cromnten " A," St. Clement's " A," and Duk- infield " A," (2) Runcorn Victoria, Rencern Recreation, Warrington St. Mary's, Warrington Locomotive. Latch- ford Rangers, Tvldeslev Recreation, Atherton Hornets. Swinton Cherch. and St. Helens Recs. "A."—There was no other business.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

- During the week ended August 7th 146 vessels,with an aggregate net registered tonnage of 43,724 tons, entered and cleared from the port of Manchester, against 185 veasels'of 54,291. tons in the precedinir week. Of these 107 vessels of 18,525 tens entered from or cleared for home ports. foreign trade being represented by 39 ves- sels of 25,199 tons. The foreign arrivals included four steamers and three sailing ships with timber 'from the Baltic and North America,five steamers with flints from France,three steamers with cotton,grain,fruit, and other produce from the Mediterranean,a steamer with ore from Spain, and a barque with logwood from Yucatan. Steamers sailed with general cargoes to Copenhagen, Stettin. Gothenburg, and Bombay ,and vessels cleared for West Bay, Savannah, Wilmintton. Mirainishi, Ship Island, St. Thomas (Canada), Frederikstadt and Memel. There were the usual numerous arrivals and departures in connection with the regular weekly set-- vices. Ninety-six head of cattle and eight horses were tanded on Friday by the Dublin steamer.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The ,toyal Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLOSS Is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched men. &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall, says my wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes And Polishes, but find !lone equal to yours." It should be übed in every house. Sold as id.' 3d., and 61., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCULEY, Blackburn, Proprietor.—. Advt.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY. In the Bonn of Commons on Monday Mr. EL!' WILSON asked a question in reference to the waY which applications for free education in Southpor& Voluntary schools have been dealt with, and the stelg which the Department are taking to meet the dernanda of the parents. Sir J. Gorst said the Committee of Coup' cil had asked the Town Clerk of Southport for inforny tion on the subject, tros had not yet received an aniaLier• The managers of the Church of England schools Ilat; undertaken to provide free places for all applicants a' schools within a reasonable distance of their homes. Mr. BALFOUR, replying to a question, said he had inquired and did nor intend to inquire whether any 0 the members of the committee were shareholders in tbe Chartered Company. Mr. Chamberlain made a long statement, in answer to Sir E. A. Bartlett, as to the alleged promises made the members of the Reform Committee in connecti° with the disarmament of Johannesburg. The purr of the statement was that it was DOC likely any 5,0' promises were made. TUESDAY.

In the House of Comrn-o—n—s—o—n-Tuesdavythe Coal Mio_,e6 Regulation Bill, as amended in the House of Lords, se„e' brought up. Sir C. Dilke announced that Mr. IT; Abraham did not intend, at this period of the session, raise the question of the amendment which was makes; his instancein the Commons, hut which the House° Lords had so altered as t.) undo its benefit.. The Lordl amendment was agreed to. Replying to Mr. H. Gladstone,the Home Secretary !lei!, he had been attempting to procure an inquiry by Role' Commission into the inequality of sentences, but up the present he had not been able to overcome certaiii difficulties which had presented themselves. Mr. Cum" answering Mr. Monk and Mr. Healy.Sta/e, the information in the possession of the Government a' to the massacre of a number of Christians, the burn'l of a monastery and four churblies, and the plundering 0, Christians by Mussulmans in Crete. The Governmeo' he said,were in constant conocaunication with the Porte' with a view to the restoration of order in the island. , In a discussion on Cyprus, Sir C. DILHE maintain that the whole of our financial connection with the Place was indefensible, and Mr. PIERPOINT complained of the large amount of revenue extracted from the island. lgt; CHAMBERLAIN. in reply, contended that Cyprus We- better off by £5OOOOO than she would have been if there had been no Engli3h occupation.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNEF•fsAY.

The House of Commons had before it on Wednesdo. the Irish Land Bill,as amended in the House of Lordg' Mr. G. BALFOUR opened the debate by stating the intee' tions of the Government. The Lords had matertalli altered it to the disadvantage of the tenant, but 11 hoped they would accent the decisions of the House ° Commons that nigh.. General amendments,on the IWO indicated by Mr G. Balfour, were carried, and a CO mittee was appointed to draw up the reasons for dir agreeing with the Lords'amendments.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

WARRINGTON v. NEWTON HEATH. On Tuesday evening t here was a large attendance at the Warrington Corporation Baths when a match vr3s played in the second round of the Lancashire Water Polo Championship between Warrington and Newtoli Heath. The teams were as follows :—Warrington G. Robertson, goal ; Boscow and A. Ashton, full backs Season, half-back ; Creighton, Locker and W. Ashtelli. forwards. Newton Death : A. Hind, goal; S. Kay an; E. Robinson, full hacks ; S. Dean, half-back ; W. ifann W. Kay and H. Dean, forwards. Warr ngt n defeat; the deep end of the bath in the first half. Newton Bea,' first secureJ and cbtained a lead. Boscow checked the rush and W. Ashton put in a shot at goat which stopped. The visitors again reached the home half 05 W. Hand by good work swam up to Robertson and Pt], the ball through very neatly. Immediately the ball iv!' thrown in again, W. Kay obtained possession and ev'au: ing the Warrington backs scored the second goal. mediately the game had got going again Locker bad good opportunity but lost the ball at the critical 113:i ment. Scotson and W. Ashton made go _A exchanges, but H. Dean beat them and notch another goal for the visitors. Still holding ,upremscera they gave Robertson an anxious time but he defend his goal with great de:Verity so that several fine tempts were defeated. Half-time arrived with score showing Newton Heath 3 goals, Warrington 19.: Oa re-starting Newton Heath again obtained the upcter... hand, though the hornesters showed more comhinatl" than before. Sid Dean and W.Hand made several effec. tual shots, and Creighton gave Lieker a good chancei but the latter's shot was futile. Rabinson then Score!! and later on W. Ashton beat his man and put the re through but unfortunately the whistle had gone beffhe his shot. W. Kay retalkted with a clean oat frorO corner. Creighton made a good attempt to break '4,;c "duckL itocvlriesr tilnagd another try. fiewPit e ball "butthrough fail failed thetno goal-keeper Ora' the out. The ball had undoubtedly passed the posts botbe rpeofienrte.e;‘,ll.r elvvt. ollaxnilteear, Heath thus nan thuswcohestnbeyr,swgooualids t to n W is Previous to the match there was a club-hurdle rsev warty/ the water,composed of five heats. The event was contested and ended in H. Sumner coming first, Wright second, and J' Prince third • . .

===== 0002601_18960815_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH 01

WARRINGTON.

During last week, which was the 31st, of thB current year, the following births and deaths Well registered :

Births. neathg. Warrington . Latchford

Total 4l 24 The excess of deaths over birthq was 17. The 001 rate from all causes was equal to 21.4 per I,ooo,agai,ne; 18.1 the average of the previous four weeks, and agalb 19.1 the corresponding week of last year. The des rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal ter 6•2 per 1,000, against 2.8 the average rate of the fodx previous weeks, and against 3.6 the corresponding Wee of 1895. The ages of mortality were— () 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 9 4 6 4 24_

• ••••• ,••• The deaths included-6 from. diarrhcea, 1 fr°_4lll measles, from plithisis, 1 from cancer, 1 from be"' disease, rom lung disease, 3 from brain disease, • The fot, awing cases of infectious disease have be reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 1 case." Total nmmber of patients in hospital on August let, METROROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 59 rati and therefore 3 degrees colder than the precedl,a, week. The mavimurn temperature 73 F4h.9 was corded on the 31st inst., and the minimum temParr tore 44F., on the Mb inst. The Rainfall measured .19 inch. The general diree; tion wasi S.E., the reading of the Anemometer delleti°' 740 miles. •

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health'

===== 0002601_18960815_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SHREWSBURY' GREAT FLORAL FETO'

Our advertising columns direct attention to the ef; traordinary attractions provided at the Great F6te tO held in the beautiful grounds of the far famed Moe/ bury Quarry on Wedneadar and Thursday of next %One the 19th and 20th inst. For more than 21 years thiS fte has been indisputably declared to he the most exteng"‘ and magnificent of its kind in the United Kingdom 513, when it is stated that upwards of £3.000 is to be pended in prizes,music and other attractions,etc. at tu„'d year's fette its natnral character promises to he PI maintained. Indeed the programme gives eyerY eyiro dence that it will prove not only the finest exhibltoo ever seen of the horticultural resnurces of the Britito Isles,but the most enjoyable of musical treats h'ir to hand of the Grenadier Guards, the Royal Florae Guar ll (Blue), Scotrh Piners and other military bands—as e.! as nrnvide the most ac,nsational and marvellous Fern- and stage Performances by world renowned artis'"'; none of whem appear at any other f&e in England. Vfe bal!onn ascents,and captive hallnnna, all England 11^ro, leaping competition with illuminations and firecyor The prices of admission are remarkably low. firrii, ifl trains run fronalthis neighbourhood and all parts sc" NO miles of Shrewsbury.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL* CHURCITES-WARRINGTOI4"

WYCLIFFE P S.A. SOCIETY. net' The weekly meeting of this society on SundaY norm was- well attended. Mr. Thomas Wallington 19,1,d sided. Ind briefly addressed the meeting. iv. AllnA Corney was the speaker for the afternoon and delit:We a deeply interesting and inatruetive address on hit God of our fathsrs." In the course of his remarkS spoke of the great value of the testimony of our WV jo to their faith in God for ages past, and tire..d thai.to should not be valued lif.y.htly. Although Fnience made great prozress in modern times,the great preble"re, of life were, the same to-day as in the times of our,.ffolo fathers, and were beyond the domain of seiene^. entitled "The Little Hero" was sum, by Mr. 5. Wallington in an accomplished manner. The oP"-tha Wilson, of Ashton-in-Makrrfield, also took part i"

===== 0002601_18960815_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
servicP.

In the opinion ot Cslonel Rhodes, who has lirrlie6 Mafeking, the Matabele revolt is practically over. Mrs PAXSON BY'S HAIR It ESTOR EN. a great cllseoQetYabin Most Refreshing Wash, Marvolions Results, Innume' Testimonials, Patronised by Royalty. In great delloid- by Professionals, makes the *lir Grow, prevent' lour' nese, Invigorating. restores bait. to its natural gives healthy and youthful appearame. Most asWipie ing results ;2s 6d Bottle, post. free.—Addreas hi"' swam, 25, Linte-st.. Liverpool—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
t'3o a.m. 6,a0 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-ao a.m.

10-0 a.m. 1040 a.m.

11.10 a.m.

1130 a.m.

tl-30 Rau.

12 Noon 1-53 a.m

1.60 pm.

1-0 p.m.

1-25 p.m.

1-40 P.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

8-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 P.m. 11-15 p.m

===== 0002601_18960815_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary 1 Postage -----,...

10-30 ..

11-10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
11-30 a.m

3-15 m.

6-45 a.m

( 7-0 a.m. ) Next day

,I.IPWLAND'S KA.LYDOR inraluable for the akin in hot ; cools and refreshes it ;• removes Freckles, Tant. 1-..ourn, Redness, ; cure and soothes Irritation, alrect stings Cur tritons grit, tions ; produces soft,delieate in` 'tm t;e4utifully fair ewnp,exion. Bottles, 2s. ad. and 4s Ed Row ' • LINDS' !%fACAStIt OIL prevents hair falling off or e), ming dry in summer time ; eradicates scurf ; also in Lolonr, bottles 3s. 61., 75.. 10s. 6d. DS' 01.10N1'0 whitens the teeth, prevents decay, 84;:n'ens the brew 11, 2s. 91, Ask Chemists, Druggist or fdo" for itowLsnosz articles, sent post free by A. ROWLAND • prin ". 20, Hai ton Garden, London, on recef pof advertised inpostal orocr.t

===== 0002601_18960815_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
;With Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

No exra fet

===== 0002601_18960815_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I Extra lid. Stamp

===== 0002601_18960815_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18960815_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT COM- MITTEE,

A meeting of this Committee was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse. on Friday. Mr. G. Pilling oc- cupied the chair, and there were also present Messrs. A. J. Jolley, A. Jolley, W. Houghton, J.P., J. Biltinge, J. Warburton, J. Clarke, John Houghton, with Mr, Sutton (clerk), Mr. Owen (valuer), and Mr. Tunstall (assistant overseer.) A number of appeals of a minor character, dealing chiefly with house property, were considered, and in many cases the assessments were reduced. The valuer (Mr. Owen) in his report stated that "The engine house for the Pearsen Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., is not yet completed in the Bewsey works. The reservoir is for condensing purposes only and will not be in use until the new engine is completed. At the present time there is no beneficial occupation."—" The Firth Company are in occupation of Friars Green Mill, and of Florence Mill 4 into the last of which they are gradually removing their plant from Friars Green Mill so as to vacate it entirely in the ,first quarter of next year. The assessments appealed against at the last meeting are as under Florence Mill gross £370, rateable £3OO ; Friars Green gross £7 53., rateable £6 ; Friars Green gross £162 .53., rateable £13.5. I have inspected both works and find' the transition of plant from one to the other is proceeding gradually. The assessment on Florence Mill is that which was paid when it was a cotton mill in full opera- tion. I think it would be a fair settlement if the Friars Green assessments stand as they are and a temporary assessment be put on Florence Mill for its present oc- cupation 'of gross £2OO rateable £l6O. When Florence Mill is wholly occupied by the company a new valuation will be required tor assessment."—With reference to the National Telephone Company, Limited,the valuer stated that inasmuch as from the 4th April last the Postmaster General tcok possession uf 262 miles of wires out of 342 miles in the seven townships in the Union and they hav- ing consented to a reduction of the assessments in this respect he had reduced the assessment to £79 53. gross £67 15i.—With regard to Messrs. Richard Evans and Company's new siding from the Liverpool, St. Helens, and South Lincashire Railway he assessed it at £46 103. gross,aud £42 103. rateable. He had written to the St. Helens overseers asking them whether they had com- menced to rate the railway but had received no reply.— The rep )rt was adopted.

ALLEGED BABY FARMING AT NEW

FERRY.

At New Ferry Police Station, near Birkenhead,Richai-d Joseph Brindley, groom and gardener at Bromborough Vicarage, and his wife, Louisa Brindley, wet() charged in custody with having abandoned a male child at Liver- pool on July I.—lnFpector-Detective Pearson, of Chester, visited the prisoner's cottage at New Ferry. on Saturday, and made enquiries respecting a child whom they had charge of whilst residing at Penkridge, Staffordshire. The woman made a statement to the effect that they left Penkridge on July 1 with their belongings, and pro- ceeded to Liverpool where, being tired, she gave the child to a girl to hold %Vbile she looked round the shops. On returning the girl and child had disappeared, and nothing had been heard of the latter since. The husband, when questioned, denied all that his wife had said and stated that the child was a long distance away, but could be produced ; it bad been given in charge of a woman to nurse. Several weeks before the prisoners left Penkridge the police found in their cottage several letters relating to children. In one ease it was stated the prisoners agreed to adopt a child for £6. There was also a large box of children's clothing and linen of superior quality, a sealskin sacque coat, a valuable opera cloak, and three feeding. bottles. The prisoners were remandeil for a week. e police are endeavouring to trace the children referred to in the letters found at the prisoner's house, but in many cases the addresses have been torn off.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAYS. 14-30 p.m.

9-55 n.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

J-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil Nil. Nil. NIL

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING! PRINTING!

TEIE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER"

G ENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers ; and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural "Mammoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, andslovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at" the lowest tender."

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
UNDERTAKE

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS,

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS,

PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN,

PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

PRINTING FOR CHAPELS,

PRINTING FOR BUILDNG SOCIETIES.

RINTRCG FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES,

PRINTLNG FOR CORPORATIONS,

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS,

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES

PRINTING FOR ALL.

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts soirees, Balls, Ac.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Tim(' Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Head Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, !cc.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradeemen, and other requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give trial.

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE "LEVIATHAN" PLACARD.

SINGLE SHEET sft. 3m, by 3ft. 91n. THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT.

A MONSTRE PLACARD may be formedlbajoi nfng number of the " LEVIATHAN" SHEETS.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS.

LARGE TYPE FOR THE MOST STRIKING POSTER Produced in the Count

PAINSTAKING PRINTERS are new-a-days sought for by busiuebs men who study 'eat economy in ennouncernents which they WWI the public to notice ; as well as by nientily Societies. Tr ale Unions. Trading Association,!, and Companies in the careful production of Rep,rts Btlance Sheets, &c.: and by Musical Unions, Pas'ore, and Choir Con- ductors for n atly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES. BOOKS OF WORDS WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, &c.

THE " EXAMINER" WORKS, :ERWEIRY-STREET. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS., PROGRAMMES FOR ' CONVERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Sm.

rIENERAL PRINTING of EVERY DESCRIP- TION executed with neatness and elespAteh.

SPECIALITY: ENVELOPES FROM 2s. PER 1!000.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

TIE " EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS-

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRIXGTON

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS IRS. SNIITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow ._lll Welch, continueeto prepare this celebrated Medicin from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they pinch se is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the• ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped iu Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smtthers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, W. EDWARDS & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria Street," formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London, are en- gr-ved on the Governm, nt Stamp. bold in boxes at 2s. 9d each by most Chemists.

JIXAMINER" OFFICE,

BEWSRY-STREET, WARRINGTON

PROGRAMMES, BOOK OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS

PLACARDS, &c. THE NEW REGULATION POST • CARD

WITH...PR INTED HEADING, "FROM 3/9 PER 1,000.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896..

===== 0002601_18960815_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PARCELS OF UNSET GEMS TO SELECT FROM.

WEDDING RINGS AND KEEPERS. MERCHANTS NETT CASH CITY PRICES, SAVING ALL PROFITS, SELECTIONS SENT TO THE COUNTRY ON APPROVAL

The FINEST, CHEAPEST, and LARGEST STOCK of RINCS in LONDON.

Illustrated Book of Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, Watches, Clocks, Plate, &c., at Reduced Prices, Post Free.

SIZE OLD

CARDS SENT FREE JEWELLERY AND WATCHES

ON APPLICATION. TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
'end for our New List before buy.nfr elsewhere. You eanno: get better quality. .99, Durham Road, BIRMINGHAM

===== 0002601_18960815_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
hl:.` •

===== 0002601_18960815_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Send Photo of yourself or friend, togethe• P.O. for 6/- and you will receive (carriagr paid) one of our popular enlargements artist ically finished in monochrome and mounted on granulated and Plate Sunk Mount. measuring 15 by 121 n.

Should Enlargcmc :it not be considered reasonably sati.gfactoryt we will do the work over again FREE of CHARGE, or refund Money., Address Order and Remittance to THE, PHOTO ENLARGEMENT Co., High Street ; Studios, Wood Green, London, N. N.l3:—N.Aus PAPER.

-40

9Y‘o _ant. \)9

Ar with ,re

===== 0002601_18960815_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
BeTABLIER ELIIBSI.

BIRKS ECK BANK.' Zi.,lldings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below LIM STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank reoelves small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each coax pitted E.

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PUHCHASH A HOUSH TOR TWO 01,31NR/8 MI MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A PLOT OP LAND FOR rzirs SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIBKBECK ALMANACK, with full pArtieulars post free. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

gg E 4-:' A, -_. PILLS.' -

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS ICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

• EAK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

Boxes, 90., Is. and 2s. 9. each. with full directions. The ls. 11d. rfox cc. .411;is 56 Pi) .

PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEECHAM, St Wens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THri BREATH,. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Drugglste, or from the Proprietors, for is,, post-paid.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
- ir it . , . . . 4, Y

===== 0002601_18960815_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THINK! JUST THINK A LITTLE

WHY SHOULD "Al) PAY 12/6 FOR WH.T VOL) CAN GET WITHOUT ANY TROUBLE FOR 6/9' This is no trade catch but an honest endeavour to secure • our traae by giving you the beet sterling value you ,ver had Write at once for Patterns nd Self-Measurement Forms. Slat* to Measure 22/6 Trousers 6'9 :0,1 will ne‘er leave us once you give us a trial. There is no risk. Send us a post card , patterns free, not returnable Carriage Paid or a 1 parcel s. PATSTON BROS., ATLAS CLOTHING WORK.. JACKFON STREET, DERBY- Please mention this Paper.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
I, ACE CURTAINS - DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURERS.

THE HAPPY HOME PARCEL.-1 Pair elegant Draw- ing ROOM Curtains. 4 yds. long, 2 yds. wide ; 1 pair splendid Dining Room Curtains, 3f yds. long, 62 in. wide; 1 pair Breakfast. Room Curtains, floral style, yds. long 48 In. wide; 1 pair pretty Bedroom Curtains. 3yds. long, 40 in. wide (ALL TAPED EDGES); 1 Lace Cushion Cover, 1 Lel*, Handkerchief. 12 yds Panay Lace, 12 yds. Crochet Edging. The lot, Oar. Paid, 175 6d. Whitt, or Baru. Slim Elorsoina. via.us AS NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Money returned If not approved. Picture Book of Lace Curtains, Heller Blinds. Frilled Curtains, Lace, As., Post Free. ROLLER BLINDS, edged with Lace or Fringe, from ss. 6d. Samples of Materials on approval. U. GORRINGn. & Co., 56 DEPT., NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TUCK eik CO. LTD.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKERS OF

INDIARUBBER AND PURE ASBESTOS GOODS, LEATHER BELTING,

Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES;

&c. GUARANTEED QUALITY. 42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL. LONDON, CARDIFF, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN. LEATHER WORKS :- LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOI7S PILLS.

Is 11d. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamp.) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. aftet excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curial., hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. led., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the+ ase .

SMITH'S NVALUABLR PIM; POWDRR, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAMR PRIORS. Sold by all Patent, Medicine Vendora.

KEATING'S POWDER. Kil's Fleas, Bus's, Moths, Beetles.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
KE.l.ll.Sli'6 PO IV LEK.. Kias Pleas, Bugs. Moths. Beetles.

IL EATING' Pu WDE tt. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

_ KEATING'S PO WI) H. It. Kills Flels, Bugs, Moths, BeeVes.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
This Pow de.r, so cele- -3d., 6a., and .1.3. Ms. brated, is perfectly un- mane d in destroying :3id., L6:d., and IS. TU;S. 1 , rr , Insects o all nina life). All wollens and tsotthnstpeart ictlyi Od., Ud., and lb. 1 INS. furs should be well " sprink .ed with the Pow- . de r before placing away. Sold only in tins.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, woRMS IN CHILDREN,

Are eas:l sa-e y, rid wit.i fe ifetv 4ot rid of by us jug KEA, rING'S WOK. I T.1.131-,RTS. Nearly all children suffer fr rn Worms. If suspected, co not wait, you can with ease cure he chill (has n,, ff ct exnept, on worms) Sold by all Chemists, in Tins, Is. lid. each.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GARLAND, , IRONMONGER. BRIDGB-STRBET. WARIIGTON., AU Sizes of MOWBRS as below kept in Stock. SPECIAL DISCOUNT VOR CASH. REPAIRS DONS ON THE PREMISES.

LAWN. MOWERS!

LAWN MOWERS!

WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to MM. the Queen and his Royal ilighness the Prince of Wales. GEFIEN'S PATENT " SILENS MESSOR " LAWN MOWERS. WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID LINK STEEL CHAINS. NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of all o hers, and are the FIRST, FOREMOST, and BEST IN THE WORLD. They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years. and haye carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been oyes in all cases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens and Clubs. • They will cut either short or long grass. bents, #3., wet or dry. EVERY ONE SFNT OUT 19 GUARANTEED , to give entire satisfaction, Otherwise IL tuay be returned at once Fiee of COST to khe 4 . PURCHASER. They' can be had or all respectable Ironmongers , and Seeids- men in-the United Kingdom, or from the Manurattiver4. TMOMAS GREEN &.SON. LIMITED,. smiTHPIELD-iRoNworticVLFADS,- • AND ' SURREY WORKS. BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, Carriage Paid to all the Principal ItailWay Stations In the " United KingdOni. , Illustrated Price Lists. with Testirnonfals, Free or. Application.

13EWART Or DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS.

N..—llepair.s promptly done at both our Establishments .or the trade as.well as others.

. ( 7 ' . MORRIS'S TOLD' ' • AND HONItY The only Cure for Cold,s, Coughs, ) Bronchitis,, &c..— . t -- ----410Ri I 443. ••TIO-OURE—PlitLfit- -- FICTS `, The only Cure for i NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE.

MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA-ROAD, • MANCHESTER,

and all Dealers.

. . •

S AMTJEL GEORGE DA4-1:4, LATE DIRECTOR AND StOREITARY OF HENRY MILLING'. AND CO., LIMITED, HAS PURCHASED TILE BUSINESS mouffinpv sn (1 MR. A. B. A. SMITH at.

2 AND ACADERY-ST., $, •

ET-ST,

lUTTERMARK, - WARkINGTON. OPENED TUE PREMISES WITH A CHOICE -SELECTION OP THE FRESHEST and FILM: T QUALITY GOODS: WHICH ARE OFFI=IIIIO AT THE LOWEST REMU NEE Ann PROFIT: " ' '

===== 0002601_18960815_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
AND ILLS

BOWLING.

• at• 1 RUNCORN T. QUINN ANN BOWLING CW713.-114 return match in connection with these clubs took 'place on Wednesday afternoon at Halton. The green was in splendid order and the home team gained a victory by 16 points. As Runcorn won at home by 123 pints they „lave the advantage on the two games by ,irk toY!,s• scores:—

QUEEN ANN. BITNCORN. - Henry Guy 21 Thomas Dean lB Walton .JIT Houghton l4 W Wright. ....:..:44.4,./-?:_, 1 H Clarke T Austin ...

il7l7utrill l4 -,11 Wrighb. ili 2l ..,41!Carmieheal ....4.....•.'. .... ... 21 II Riolardsqar..,4:4;44s;.,/,3 6 F H Lewis W Plarshart ' ''- ' ' • 21 Irßilsedoti. ''"".. '')Y '" 12 H Plummer —olltlndget 2l W Browne

Total 197 Total LIBERALS v. CONSERVATIVES. tie" Conservative and Liberal UMW of Warrington wet in a friendly contest on the Conservative Club ground on Saturday. The garne resulted in a win for the Conservatives, the score being :—Conservatives. 150 doubles, 9 singles; Liberals, 74 doubles, 137 singles. The following are the scores : CONSERVATIVES. S. D.

LIBERALS.

W Hall - - 3 Shearer 15 6 5 0 Millington 3j 8 Massey ll 1 Morrison T P Potter ll T Lowe (F Kerfoot 7 Hesketh ll W Haynes H Turner 7 Billinze 3 Gibson 9 1 .„ J W Evans iii 3 P Richardson S Caldwell ll 1 .„ M Knowles -7 Thornton T CoopPr ll 1. /6 B 3 Mitchell J Podmo. re W Strettle ll Jl5 ADoieton lOl ~. W MMlngbon .. :..ill 1- H Williams. , 2r " .4E. T0y10r............... 11). l6 J B"age 25 1 14 -;,0 Grant ... . U.W Steihenson ,21,1),Raw1ing ll} J P Bennion. ......... 9). 3 oWiWilson

son ' Totals ....4.199 150 Totals 137 74 tf-- LEGE( CEULLENOE CUP COMPErITION. Tit VIADUCT INSTITUTZ (EARLESTOWN) V. HATDOCK Score :

AT EARLTATOWI.

INSTITUTE. T Compton 2l T Strong ll .W Tarbuck l4 1 Berry ' It Green 21 3 Jackson 3 McAtee 3 Savage l4 -A Harrison 'P Talbot '`'` ' 2l 3 Williams 8 W Grirnshaw 2l it Whittle B Sherlock 2l P Berry

XAYDOCK.

Total 154 AT HA.YDOCK. J Gee P Davies 2l B Twist J Watson • A Gee l3 T Baton J Mitchell l2 W Pedley S Thompson 21 W Twist.. 0 Jones llt Allen l9 J Hszeldine 2l

Tots' lO9

Total 267 Total 265 Majority for Institute 2 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUN FY ASSOCIA- TION: FINAL SECOND TEA.M COMPETITION.

SOUTEI WARRINGTON V. TIMPRRLEY.—The runners-up in the first annual contest by second class county teams met at Crofts Bank on Saturday to play off for the lead- ing award. The game was spiritedly competed, and much skill displayed in delivery. Some of the Warring- ton wins were of a heavy character, in five instances by fully half of the total score and in the final round " 21 —love." Timperley secured but three successes, but were within the old point of a fourth. The competition was instituted in May last,with the view of encouraging Promising players to render themselves eligible for first- class teams, and sixteen districts entered. Mr. H. Jarvis, Withington Midland, was referee. Score : WLIIRAMiIeit. TIM P RALEY. J Watkins__ 2l 7 Whitelegge 8 I Webb I Bird 2l. A. Leicester 5 J Ratcliffe 2l G Raper D Daniels . . 18 C Gant 2l T Davies 2l J Leicester C Littlewood .. 2l C Casson 8 B Gibson W Hall G Wirrison

Total 190 Total 114 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIA- TION.

WARRINGTON NORTH v. WARRINGTON 8017TH.—North and S-,utla Warrineton competed over the turf at the Red Lion, Prestwich, on Saturday, for a place in the association semi-final, and !, singularly close str,zif., en • ued Six of the players in the match Yorkshire' v. - Lancashire took part, two of whom (Hackett and Berry) were distanced. North Warrington gained eight per- sonal successes out of a possible dozm, and were 15 points to the front at half-time. Ten of thee were re- covered by the Sluth prior to the final game, which turned the issue in their favour by five shots. Score : vv...waLvaTox NORTH. WARRINGTON SOUTH. T Bridge R Anderton 2l ft Shaw lB J Bridge T Ellison J Allison 0 HAll, Pin. H Gittals lO W Shaw Rit wthwell H Williams T Borton A J Jones (captain) ... ...... 21 D k,lcox (captain) W Wood ll W Bolton 2l

Total ...... 213 Total .218

1" ?.

4

Ail 4 ; 'EM ST I'' IND NEWTON. -- A 4 IrALL,LN ly TROUBLE. At the Earlagownl Station on Monday morning befccre 'll. F. Borron, an Italian named Nattalie Pollichanie was charged with being drunk and disorderly in.ttirood-Stieet, Earlestown, on Saturday night and was fined 2s. 6d. and costs. EARLESTOWN PRIMITIVE METHODISTS _ _

In connexion with the above place of worshipp speciarseimo* IVA preached in. the chapel on Sunday,by the Rev.J.Ritson of Aintree.ln the after- noon a service of sacred song was given by the choir, entitled "A rough diamond, Peter Mackenzie." The connective narrativemas read by „Mr. E. J. George, and the collections which ware in aid of the trdst fund amounted to .E 7 Ss. Od.

_ _ NAWTON FAIR. The annual AUgusti.„ fairlar the sale of cattle was held at Newton on Tuesday _and Wednesday, The first day was devoted to the sale of cows and the second to the sale of,f;grAej.. :There was on each day only a moderate display of cattle, and not very much business was done.' MUNI COWS realised from £l6 to £lB, and in a Very few cases good cattle changed bands at!4 92 porges the principal busi- ness was in draught animals, and these fetched various prices up to ,E4O. EART4Bor.,OwS VicaLEirel DAY SCHOOLS. The report on the recent examinations held in connection with the above schools, is as-follows:— Mixed school :—The school is making very satis- factor progress, the work showing considerable im- provement especially in the two lowest standards.l In the other classes accuracy and expression in reading require sh'tne further cultivation, and the spelling and arithmetic of the fourth and fifth standards are not strong. Grammar and Geography are both good. Infants'schoolt—The %Tants aFe in very good order. The instruction is higkly satisfac- tory. The ecbool will be exempt from examination in 1897. 1.0.G.T. EARLESTOWN EBENEZER LODGE.

The usual weekly session of this lodge was held at the Co-operative Hall on Tuesday evening, Bro. J. Taylor, C.T., presiding over a good attendance. Bro. A. Morris read Digest of District Lodge to be held at Earlestovrn on Saturday, August 22nd. Arrangements were also made for visiting Leigh Alpha Lodge on September 28th. The programme for the evening was- new officers to entertain. The following items were then very creditably given: Recitation, " A bunch of primroses," Sister Ho. 'na ; p3aili9g,Plrs.Gaudie' -fain. • Bro. `. „itayl4onkeJesiis onlyJ Siste - -;;,'... air rga • . • " *Calm ckeflcktrii," Bro. . Mars . ; . ,-' "I'll tslke , • yria,.. hbineagtinAr leen," Hopkins; reading, "The bottomless jug," Bro. Woods ; sonA7lfy %tido* bolr,,' ilisterianista bringing a .4/€4l Ttleasitnt ntteetink-t4 a 9.45 p. 02 ' ' "'!1 -`• .. •-;:),:.i. .;•01. DBAT.2I or MR. ARMEE L. ErrAks. ial-Vbcior• ' News has been reteived by Mr.' RP BradsliaWsito,,' the effect that McArthur li4EranimfillOcrk,o4 died on Sat urday4C-BtOnixtbb,l ati: tile4:_ ysays: particulars are to band as to thecause p !Os deAti_olor.whether he died suddenly or front an illWe4).,'Ktiese tidings of Mr. Evans were quiteßnr, expected ' tijitydock, and a slight nensation avas ' caused. ,dt deisetl,gentlaman was well knqwh: and flight " rhpeatet in Tray/lock, 'and' 0 n'it•.44'l4 fr dOnbt!tuiswill'be greatly missed by many *hp *ere' recipieilts ofkiii generosity. He was at, orie tittien a memberlclirtheliiydock Local Board, and mit?) the time Allis- disath was a churchwarden 'ofi the 'T' dock Paileh'CharCh. He. was, PracticallvithelAdd dlr,pf. the Raydock ,reading..room. and iji , many, ways proved of the. grep.test beneat to ligyaPcX generally. ~,.. ~ k ~ . , . ' ;,1 .-_,,,-.1 d EARLRSTO,4' t'ocit; is Aiitdrpie kris AT OMIT. - OR Sunday the ,EOVIV4.f ,T4ollloclFilDrif44,o4g Good Templars paid a vilit to 4§14;0n 12. r the Pur- pose-of giving a sacred in u.sicall Aritirliskqiir t ict connection with the Ashton' ClOnd Ten:lo4r od c and Band of Hone, in the Primitive Methodist Chap_g__. Mr. 9 Dring presided at, the organ. and Mr. U. Olarke officiated as conductor. The follow- ing l*ogramms waw given :=Organ solo, Mr. S. Drink ; sacred melody." Sabbath hells." choir; solo, "For ever with the Lord," Bro. W. H. Crowther; recitation, "While the Sabbath bells are ringing," Bro.. John Warburton ; duet," Hushed by my mur- murings," Sisters A. Newman and .T. Hill; solo," A dream of naradiap," Sister F. Holliday :- sacred melody, " Wonderful love," choir; solo and chorus, "'Jesua is calling," Sister Jackson -and choir ztreci- teflon, "Give me:thines heart," Sieter R. Warburton; duet, "Beautiful home." Sisters .Tackson atifl Cald- well: solo and chorus ,Sister A. Newetan and choir. Bro. W. H. Dale presided. In th'e- eveiiing the members,of the lodge, oftaciated, as: the- choir, and Bro. J. A. Lee, G.O , of Liverliool, preached a very impressive sermon and conducted the service. nOOD TRMPLAwit. The usual weekly session of the Hope of F,arles- town ledge of Good Templar, was bold in the Co- operative Hall on MonWav evening.' Bro. G. Clarke. CI.. Presided, and there was a good attendance of members and a norfrinripf viaitorgx, BLIT. E. New, man, S.J.T , reportnd-on the !WC yearlt session of No. I Convention.- itleCter was rend troth Leigh asking for an interchangelif visit h duriirt tli"b`qUar-' tercand it waft deciied to make arrangementa in sconadhnce with theiltreqneat„, The reports of the Xlfikerf f,Ol the Tiao iwtiter vrgre then received. trB:lt. W:lticheitia, seeretarv, gave an account of the workiqg of the lodge abowing.a good a,yarage attendaiiA• A numger of an' 'ai'r, ind: Adoor Public meetings had been held during the quarter. ' Fraternal visit had been arranged with several' lodges 4 t e annnalmirnic had taken plane and al- I together t ti tititieiHierl iiihen a very activi, one. The mem ribitrw4lolls -0644.• members, which was a slight decrease on the previous quarter. The fin- ancial repot Was Mid ,bv,1101..T. Sharrock, F. See.. ' showing a good balance in hand after meeting all liabilities. Bro. E. Newman. 8..T.T., reported on ,the position of the juvenile temple; interesting meet- infra had been held, and the temple was in active work, and there was an increase of one in the memberabiti'on the qukrter. and a good balance in hand on the finances. All the-reports were adopted and the election of Ofliefirg took place, being after- wards installed by Sister Mrs. Clarke, L D., assisted by Bro. T. Cut-tier as installing marshal, as follows: —C.T.Bro. W. Wilson ; 'f.T., Sister A. Sharrock ; Secretary. R. W. Nicholson; F. Sen.. .T. Sharrock: Trews!, .T T. PT olli dav ; Chap g. parker; Marshall, W. H Crowther; P.C.T., G. Clarke: Guard, W. Tra- vis: Sen.. E. Newman; D. M., Sister R. Warburton; A. Sec., Sister S. Caldwell; Reg., SWAT M. Jackson. The usual sick and absentee committees were duly appointed, as also was the committee for arranging the programme for the next, quarter.

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN. The death of Mr. AMPS; Smith, a member of the District council. removes from the Council a very useful member, and one who will be very much missed by his coney/nes. for his business qualities. Fre was associated with Mr. Borron and Mr. Beatty for the Crow Lane Ward, and although he was opposed at the last election in March by a strong local candidate he was successful in being returned by a large majority. Mr. Smith was a man of great .xpprience In township work. having been a Mayor of Wigan, and up to his death was an alderman Of that borough. On many occasions his advice has been found of much value in the discussions in the Council.

Arrangements are now in progress for the elec- fion of a member to fill the vacancy and it is to be hoped that, the ratepayers will see to it that no member is retnrwd who will, for instance,counten- ance such reactionsry—not to say silly—resolutions as that which Mr. Gilmour succeeded in placing on he Gencral Purposes Committee's minutes. It is for the interests of the ratepayers that the fullest nuhlicity shnivld be given to the prnceedings of a nubile body like the District Council. Yet by the passing of this resolution the ratepayers are pre- vented from obtaining any preliminary knowledge of the Council's proceedings. The business will he -at and dried in committee nod will be placed be- fore the Council and passed before the public have my opportunity of seeing. what is being done. Most other public bodies are advancing in the di- rection of fuller publicity Newton District Coun- cil takes a step backwards. In Warrington all the important business is printed'in the local news- Papers the week before the Town Council meeting. In St. Helens. reporters actually attend and give Full reports of tile meetings of some of the most ivnportant corntnittees'of the Corporation. Yet the .atepayers of Parlestown and Newton are not to have even a glimpse at their own business until it is finally settled and disposed of.

The District Council have at, last received the new steam roller, and, better still, have lost no time in getting it at work. The roads have, during the oast two or three months got into a very loose state Ind the presence of a steam roller was very muoh needed for the purpose of crushing refractory stones into their DiflCPq. I suppose now that there is no excuse, we shall have our roads kept in excellent repair.

ef, •

Haydock has been most unfortunate this week in losing two of its benefactors by the hand of death, viz., Mr. Arthur Evans and Miss Ruth Evans. Mr. Evans has for a long period been a resident of Hay- dock but lately had become more a bird of passage, and the news of his death at Bayreuth in Bavaria has come as a great surprise to the inhabitants. Ile was a great friend to Haydock, and was always to the fore in all matters which were for the good of his fellow men. Miss Evans was also a generous benefactor, and there is no doubt that she Will be greatly missed.

NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council wag held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday. Mr. Borron, J.P., occupied the chair, and there were also present the Rev. E. W. W. Kiye, Messrs. -Collingwood, Emmett, J.P., McMahon, Gilmour, Wood, Simpson. Beatty, Thompson, and Worsley (law clerk), Shirley (clerk), and Brierley (surveyor).

===== 0002601_18960815_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE -EXAMINER! SATURDAY AUGUST 15,. 1396

the roof off the building to meet the requirements of thn Council, and he did not see why the solicitor should hare gone further in the matter.—Mr. Gilmour said it was unbusinesslike to withdraw the summons without the consent of the Council.—The Chairman said if Mr. Gil- mour had gone carefully into the matter as their 8011ci. tor and surveyor had done, he might have changed his stron' expressions and views. Mr. Ronayne had built entirely on his own land, and by taking the roof off he had altered his construction from a building to a post- ing station. He considered it would have been per- secution to proceed any further with the action, and to get the man into prison again by prosecuting him for £4O which was the amount of the fine Mr. Ronayne had incurred. He did int think any of the electors would have endorsed such a proceeding as sug- gested.—Mr. Gilmour : I never suggested it.—The Chairman : As I have gathered, it has been suggested in this room —Mr. Gilmour said he would be the last man to send Mr. Ronayne to prison, but he must have an explanation.—The Chairman : You cannot ask any- thing further. There is no other busines3. The Law Clerk had replied that the matter was put in his hands. He had dealt with it in a legal an practical manner. If he had taken any other course, the dignity of the Council would have been very much impaired.—Mr. Gilmour said he was still in the dark as to why the sum- mons was withdrawn. He wanted the public to know. The Chairman and solicitor had bungled over the matter. —Mr. Emmett asked whether the building was on Mr. Ronayne's land entirely.—The Chairman said he had already stated that whatever the man had erected was on his own land.—Several other questions were asked, hut Mr. Horror' vacated the chair and several members left the room, and the meeting broke up.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS AND DISTR TOT HORTICULTURAL SHOW AND SPORTS.

The eleventh annual show of fruit, flowers, and vege- tables, and the second annual athletic sports held in coa- nection with the Newton-le-Willows and district Horti- cultural Society, were held on Saturday on the ground of the Eirlestown Football Club. The day was of a most wretched description, arid the attendance was in consequence of a meagre character. It is a peculiar fact, that on the eleven occasions on which the show has been held, the rain has interfered with its success. The show of fhwerg, fruit, fell far short of previous years, both in quantity and quality, the decrease this year be- ing in some measure due no doubt' to the death of Mr. James Smith of Brookside, who previously was a !tree exhibitor of products. The entries numbered nearly 600, being something like 200,Iess than last year. The judges were Messrs. Brunton, °Amara Hall, Northwich; James Flea.tpa, The Lawn, Aigburth ; Grant Clarke, Statham Ledge, Lynim ; and the judges of the gardens were Messrs. Jackson, Holmes and Schofield. The' following is a list of the awards :

'CLASS 1.-Ort N. PLawrs.-Oroupiof miscellaneous plaits, arranged for I effect, spaca,nst to exceed 80 feet: 1, KR Thorpe' ; 2, J Randall. -Six fine-foliaged plants ;2, A R Thorpe. Six I'table plants (net to exceed flin) : 1, J Randall ; 2, A R Thorpe. Six ferns': 1, 'A R Thorpe ;2, Collingwood. Six begoniss.(anyariety) : 2. A R Thorpe. Six coleus (distinct :2, W-Collingwood. Sit fuchsias : 1, T Rutter. Six z)nal geraniums: 1, AIR Thorpe; 2, J. Randall. One stove or greenhouse plant (in bloom) : 1, A R Thorpe. One fern : 1. J Randall ;2, W Collinewood. One palm: 1, A R Thorpe. Three cockzcombs :2, A R Thorpe. I CUT flownes.-Best bouquet: 1, J Randall; 2jA R Thorpe. Six dahlias (double) :1, W. Collingwood;2, AR Thorpe. Six dahlias cactus :1, W Collingwood ; 2,Rev H Monk. Twelve dahlias (single) : 1, W Collingwood ; Sergeant-Major Strange. Six spikes gladioli (distinct) : 1, J Randall: Six roses (distinct) :1, J Randall ;2, A R Thorpe. Twelve asters: 1, W Sephton ;2, A R Thorpe. Twelve carnations: 1, J Randall • 2, Rev El Monk. twelve pansies (6 show and 8 fancy) : 1, W Sephton ; 2, J Randall. Twelve distinct varieties cut flowers, outside (not more than three stems or blooms of each) : 1, Rev H Monk. Twelve rmal blooms (not less than 6 distinct varieties) : 1. J Randall; 2, W Collingwood. Twelve zinnias: 1, A R Thorpe; 2, Rev H Monk. Six spikes stocks (distinct) : 1, J Randall; 2. Rev H Monk. PaIIIT.-Six dishes of fruit: 1, A R Thorpe. Two bunches of grapes (black) : 1, A R Thorpe. Two bunches of grapes (white) : 1, A R Thorpe. One dish of peaches (6) : 1, A R Thorpe ; 2, A Tayleur. Oue dish of nectarines (6) : 1, A R Thorpe. One melon : 1, A R Thorpe. One dish of apples cooking (6) : 1, W Soph- ton ;2, J Randall. One dish of apples, desert (6) : 1, A R Thorpe: 2, J Randall. One dish of pears (6) : 1, J Randall ; 2, W Collingwood. VEGETABLES.-Collection of twelve varieties: 1, W ; Sephton. Six varieties of potatoes (6 of each variety) : 1, J Anderson ; 2. W Sephton. One dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (round) : 1, W Sephton; 2, J Anderson. One dish ; of potatoes. 06 ctauublei fi) sv rs( keirdsn:ey )1: Wl, J. Anderson 2, Sephton ; 2, Rev W s H Monk. Two cabbages (white) : 1, W Collingwood 2,1 J Randall. Two cabbages (red) : 1, J Anderson. Three sticks of celery (white) : 1, W Sephton. Three sticks of celery (red) : W Sephton. One dish of onions, Autumn (6) : 1, W Sephton. One dish of onions,Spring (6) : 1. W Sephton ; 2. Rev H Monk. Peas (20 pods) : 1. W Sephton; 2,A R Thorpe. Broad beans (12 pods) : 1, T Rutter; 2, J Randall. Scarlet runners (12 pods) : 1. W Sephton. French beans: (20 pods) : 11. A R Thorpe ; 2, T Rutter. Twe cucumbers : 1, W Sephton ;2, J Anderson. One dish tomatoes (9) : 2, J Randall. Two vegetable marrows: 1, W Sephton. Six turnips: 1. Anderson ;2, A R Thorpe. Six carrots: 1, W Sephton ;2, Rev if Monk. Two lettuces: 2, W Sephton. Six leeks: 1, W Sephton; 2, T Rutter. One dish of shallots (12) : 1. W Seplaton ; 2. W Collingwond. Three red beet: 1, W Sephton; 2, Rev U Monk, CLASS 2.-AstATRIIRS. •

FLAMM-Three greenhouse plants (any variety) : 1, Fl Tavleur ; 2, J Naylor. Three.fuchsias : 1, H. Tayleur; 2, J Naylor. Two zonal geranium (single) :1. H Tay- leur. Two zonal geranium (double) :1, J Naylor. Two petunias (double) : 1, W Sephton. Two coleus: 1, T. Rutter. Two ferns (exotic) : I,W Sephton ; 2,T Rutter. Two ferns (British) : 1. .1 Naylor ; 2, T Rutter. Two begonias (any variety) : 1, J Naylor ; 2, T. Rutter. One hydrangea: I,J Naylor. Two ivy-leaf geraniums: 1, T Rutter. One ornamental foliage plant: 1, T Rutter ;2, J Naylor. One greenhouse plant (in flower) : 1, T. Rutter ; 2, J Naylor. CUT FLOWS/It-Six stocks, spikes (distinct) : 1, H. Tayleur ;2, Rev H Monk. Six rosesll(distinct) : 1, W. Sephten. Twelve pansies (show and fancy) : 1, W Sepliton •, 2, Rev H Monk. Twelve asters: 1, Rev H Monk. Six dahlias (double) : 1, Rev H Monk. Six dahlias. cactus :1, Rev H Monk. Six varieties dahlias, single (1 of each) : Rev H Monk. Six marigolds (Prowl) : I,W Sephton ;2, Rev H Monk. Six mar i- golds (African): 1, W Sephton; 2, Rev H Monk, Six carnations: 1, W Sephton •. 2, Rev H Monk. Six antirr- hinums (spikes) : I,Rev H Monk. Six phloxes (drum-- mond', distinct variety, not more than 3 stems of each : 1. Rev H Monk. Six phloxes (herbaceaus) : 1, Rev H Monk. Six gladioli (not less than 3 varieties) : 1, T Rutter. One bouquet: I,T Rutter ; 2,10 v El Monk. Six distinct varieties cut garden flowers (ousids), not more than 3 stems or blooms of each : 1, T Rutter ; 2, Rev H Monk. Six zonal blooms (not less than three distinct varieties) : I,T Rutter. Six zinnias (distinct) : 1, W Sephton ; 2, Rev H Monk. FRUIT.-One dish ef apples cooking (6) : 1, U Tay- leur ; 2, Rev H Monk. -

VEGETABLES.-Colteetioa of vegetables (8 varieties) : 1, W Sephton • 2, Rev H Monk. Dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (round) :1, W Sephton; 2, J Naylor. Dish of tomatoes (6): 1, W Sephton. Two cucumbers: 1, W Sephton. Two cauliflowers: 1, W Sephton; 2, Rev H Monk. Two sticks of celery (red) :1, W Sephton. Two sticks of celery (white): 1, W Sephton; 2, T Rutter. Dish of peas (20 pods) : 1, W Sephton; 2, T Rutter. Dish of broad beans (12 pods) : 1, T Rutter; 2, W Sephton. Dish of French beans (20 pods) : 1, W Sephton;. 2, T Rutter. Dish of scarlet runners (12 pods) : 1, W Seph- ton; 2. Rev H Monk. Dish of onions (6) : 1, W Seph- ton; 3, Rev H Monk. Dish of• shallots (12): 1, W Sephton; 2, Rev II Monk. Three leeks: 1, W Sephton; 2, Rev H Monk. One cabbage (red) : 1, Rev H Monk; 2, H Tayleur. One vegetable marrow: 1, W Sepbton ; 2, J Naylor. Six carrots: 1, Rev H Monk; 2, W Seph- ton. Six turnips: 1, W Sephton; 2, Rev H Monk. Two lettuces: 2, W Sephton. One crown of parsley (in pot) : 1, Rev H Monk; 2, W Sephton. Three red.beet.:..2.. Rev H Monk.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
A VOTE OF CONDOLENCE.

The Chairman said it was in no formal manner that he rose before thegeneral business of the Council com- menced to express feelings of deep sorrow and regret that since the last meeting a valued member of the Council had paosed away in death. A few months ago the late Mr. James Smith was again elected to his seat on that Council, but never was able to resume those labours which he so ungrudgingly gave in the discharge of his public duties—duties which he performed with ability, energy, ?nd straightforwardness, commanding the respect of the Council, officials and general public. While deploring their loss and the great loss to the dis- trict, they could sympathise with the widow and family in their bereavement, and he desired to move a vote of condolence with them, and that the same be recorded on the minutes of that Council. He, therefore, moyod " Chat this Council has heard with deep sorrow and re- tret of the death of Mr. James Smith, -Pet- Brookside. Newton-le•Willows, one of the past memhers saf this Council, Chairman of the Gas and Water,Committee, 'Alderman of the Borough of Wigan, and4rnistice of the Peace,and that this Council•desires to express its appre- ciation and recognition of the valuable services rendered by Mr. Smith to this Council and district, and 1 p place on record its deep regret at the great loss this f-Couneil and district have sustainA by his death and that a copy of this resolution be passed under the common seal of the Council and be forwarded to Mrs. Smith as a res- pectful expression to her and to her sorrowing family of the sympathy and condolence of this Council in their deep sorrow and afilhetion."—Mr. CrilMOLlr, cogeltd the proposition, and stated that he had not the slightest doubt that Mr. Smith in all his work was animated with a desire for the good of the town and district. After r

.i. .F.,,1, •;.f ral of • • e.:' .e.'ei— , senim lr 1 ....It r ect . :'. , . .' .. e ',,,Efige of ~. -rr„_, ;• , I i, 1 m r said . -... k., - • ti. f.t.iiy-3 ..,.4 i. ' • ' nev .1L - '. '• e. 1 ith . Smith until he became a member of that Council. He r ligllppreciated his workilltho., vogielheiring ,-7hip!,- minetimes in opinion. Bu diftWWbeibibliini not, int Here with fri dship. (Hear. hear.) Mr. Sinitlikk 'll*itti"l great delight,i. his time Ur 7blicv il 'XfP4irs 4 •iii*loNSieteuld be (Witty Aftifh!,. Ere'S. tliat thlet`htlfWheAl'itilence mlst, be a source of corn- Intl to the sorrowing family. 01'44 (aid tfiF(l4l 411 bad lost a friend whose, seiv eet YiN'iMen"Br eege r. )yo h .uo,apa he was one whom theiy„could. ill er._, He ,a, 'M'aittif . I'elt ,s.bility inVisattret aff tipg„t 4e dihibil....iiCortii 'lsrftTarge experience. When e (Mr. ' nailYiiNe Hifi' fi'ecrintly at :lif_rmogeite._nditpecially- 'ion gue3artive visits. Mr siriftbliet*AA ...forwatawitia.- pieligutilpicli hope to joining with them on that Council again. XlO plidl?ilak at that tiorelhat tie wcnott.tisme:. been,able t hee Ofie so, but 'ft who.Y.reled4elt thihr ;had ruled, p I)eive. He (Mr. Wood) was sure he was e2cp're'ssinethe-iinliiioh of ever v..,nifier when he said that Itti.hillits place would be . ."Ctift to fill.—The re- solutions *Witten passed unautaw,lx.. , TERT C01.11170-eAt, ThlOath.. , " inutes containing a resolution re- niendin . ' : ent of Pp1ii71,44... for a new lawn IritieVer were passed on the proftb4t.iiii.46,the Rev. E. W. WAV.Asez=tlMcMahen. NC.CIiatICER79 REPORT.

Agy

'iliS .

4,1

.IttMcAphon ip„atrt.9--tlite,nligutes of the School dang4Comhsit said .1144„Bils report was not given. In that report e accuse ratepayers of interfer- ing with him in his duty, and called it " humbugging" 1 business. He (Mr. McMahon) contended that that report should have been given to the public to read. It was ridiculous for that body of men to let the report pass without letting the ratepayers know of it. He would I like to ask the school attendance officer where he had got his information from ?—The Chairman said he might remind Mr. McMahon that it had not been the custom of 1 bprinting the report of the School Attendance Officer. But it was a matter entirely in the hands of the Council. If Mr. McMahan thought the public should have the report presented to them, it would have been better for him to have broaght the matter before the committee.—Mr. McMahon said he was sorry to say the Chairman was not present at the committee meeting. He there- fore knew nothing of the report.—Tha Chairman said he was unavoidably called away or he would have attended the meeting.—Mr. Wood thought Mr. McMahon was out of order in bringing the matter before the Council,. He should have done so in committee when they were considering the report. Per- sonally he had not the slightest objection to the School Orttaddiaat/acer's rtort being p I Wished. 'lf someone ld mov'ewthat th report be published in full in - utule he,F.901 support it-'-Mr. Beatty said it was only r that Theripoft should go before the public. He tbougbt it-was moved that it should be printed at the lAst meetiiig.— r. Wilmour said'they should have had nOtice)of :lotion' from Mr. -McMation before the Council niThetan4&ig orders , stated that if any member found anything wrong with the minutes, he should give notice of motion.—Mr. McMahon did not think it was a matterV:which he Asotild.glireipptice.—rhe Law Clerk held that notice of motion was necessary.—Mr. McMahon: No, distinctly no.—The Chairman said he must ,take the Lori-Clerk's rang, And Mr. ,•McMahon walknOrefore out df ,-eiderrLlThe . daimutes were then passed.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGRWLTS SCC,, COMMITTEE.

Mr. Colliogapod proposed the adoption of this com- mittee's minutes which also contained the Medical Offi- cer's repot, published in our last issue.—Mr. McMahon seconded.—Mr. Gilmour referring to the appointment of sub-committee consisting of Mr. Beatty, Mr. Simpson, and himself, to report on all insanitary property, said unfortunately there had not been a meeting of that com- mittee and consequently no inspection of property. Mr. Collingwood said it bad been a difficult time to get mpmbers together, but a meeting would be called at an early date.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE.

The Chairman moved the adoption of this committe's minutes. Referring to the resolution that a printed copy of the committee's minutes—one for each reporter —be placed on the reporter's table at the Council meet- ings,Mr. Gilmour, who seconded the committee's recom- mendations, said that he did not propose the resolution with the intention of crippling the press, but in order that they might have reports of the whole of the pro- ceedings as they were confirmed by the Council. He was in favour of as much publicity of the Council's proceed- ings as possible. hut someone had taken an undue:ad- vantage of publishing the minutes before the Council meeting. He thought they should not be given before being confirmed by the Council, and his resolution had that obPct in view.--The minutes were then passsd.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
TES MEDICAL OFTICEE OP lIRALTH.

In accordance with notice given the Chairman moved the reappointment of Dr. J. W. Watkins as medical officer of health for the Urban district of Newton-in- Makerfidd for one year at a salary of £so.—Mr. Thomp- son seconded, and the resolution was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VACANCY IN CROW LAN WARD.

The Chairman said he had received notice that owing to the decease of the late Mr. James Smith there was a, vacancy for a councillor for Crew-lane Ward.—Mr. Lol- ling wood proposed, and Mr. Beatty seconded, and it was agreed to,that the seat be declared vacant, and:the clerk be authorised to fill the vacancy at as early a date as possible. TUE PROSECUTION OF MR. OA.RRATT RONATNR. Mr. Gilmour said he wished to know by whose author- ity the summons against Mr. Ronayne was withdrawn ? He thought it was only right and fair that when the Council took proceedings the press and the Council ought to know what had been done. He therefore wished to ask the Law Clerk by whose authority the Summons was withdrawn.—The Chairman said :Mr. Gilmour had not given notice of such a question. So far as he (the chair- man) remembered, the matter was placed entirely in the hands of the solicitor to do as he thought best.—The Law Clerk reviewed the proceedings which had been taken in the case. Mr. Ronayne !had complied with the re- quirements of the C-aincil in removing the roof from the building he erected, and which answered the object the Council had, in taking Tweeedings. He (Mr. Worseley) therefore withdrew the summons. The course taken by the Council had been entirely vindicated. —Mr. Gilmour asked the Chairman whether he sent a man to assist Mr. Ronayne to take the roof off.— rhe.Chairman said he did not know why he should be asked to tell his own private affairs to the members of the Council, or to answer for anything he did in a private capacity. He therefore declined to answer the question.—Mr. Gilm)ur said he did not be- lieve in having a chairman who acquiesced in the action Which had been taken. He charged the solicitor of the Council with not conducting the proceedings in a proper inanuer. Their solicitor ought to have obtained an in- junction to pull the erection down. As it was their solicitor and chairman had made a "bungle" of it.— The Law Clerk: I think that goes a little too far.—Mr. Emmett said he understood that the erection was partly on Mr. Ronayne's own ground and partly on ground be- longing to the Council. He had seen the building and it did not appear to him that the front of the building had been in any way altered. He noticed that the roof had been sawn off. He had always understood that it wis encroaching on the Council's ground.—The Law Clerk: No.—Mr. McMahon @aid Mr. Ronayne had paid he penalty for int, inging the bylaws of the Council by serving a term of imprisonment. He bad now pulled

===== 0002601_18960815_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
CLASS 3.-COTTAGERS.

PIANTS.—Four window plants (distinct) : 1. copper kettle, given by Mr. H Hibrert, J.lnn Frith ;2, value 7s. ed. given by Davenport firthera, R Andersen. Two window plants (distiqct) : 1, A. Cotterill ,• 2, J. Frith. One window plant: 1, Mrs. Warren ; 2, R Anderson. One fuchsia: 1. John Lowe •2, R Anderson. One Ger- anium: 1, R Anderson ;2, J 'Frith. One Hydrangea :1. J Frith. _ _ _ _

- CUT FLOWSII9.-Six stocks, spikes: 1, John Lowe ; 2, A Cotterill. Three roses (distinct) : 1, John Lowe ;2, A Cotterill. Six double dahlias (not less than three varieties) :I, John Lowe. Six single dahlias : 1, R Anderson ; 2, A Cotterill. Six Asters : 2, A Cotterill. Six marigolds (French) : 'l, J Simm ; 2, J Lowe. Three gladioli :1, A Cotterill ;2, SPrgt Major Strange. Six pansies: 1, J Lowe ;2, J Simm. Six car- Nations: 1, J Lowe ;2, J Simm. Six cut blooms (dis- tinct) :1, J Lowe ;2, A Cotterill. Bouquet :1, A Cot- terill. _ _

FRUIT.-Oce dish of apples (3), 1, J Lowe; 2, T Howard. One dish of pears (3) : 1, T Howard. One dish of gooseberries : 1, J Lowe ; 2, T coward. VEGMARLES.-Collection of vegetables (8 varieties), second prize given by Mr. H Jackson : I,R Anderson ; 2, A Cotterill. Collection of potatoes (4 varieties) : 1, T !toward ; 2, J Lowe. Six potatoes (round or kidney) : 1, T Howard ; 2, It Anderson. One cabbage (white) :1, A Cotterill; 2, T Howard. One cabbage (red) : 1, A Cotterill ; 2, R Anderson. One cauliflower : 1, R Anderson ; 2, A Cotterill. Six onions : 1, J Simm ; 2, W Arrowsmith. Dish of peas (12 pods) : 1, R Ander- son : 2, J Simm. Dish of broad beans (6 pods) : 1, J Lowe ; 2, J Frith. Dish of French beans (12 pods) : 1, T Howard , 2. J Simm, Strange (extra). Dish of scar- let runners (12 pods) : 1, Sergeant-Major Strange ; 2, R Anderson, T Howard. Two lettuces : 1, Sergeant- Major Strange ; 2, A Cotterill. Three leeks : 1, J Sin= ; 2, T Howard. Twelve shallots : 1, J simm ; 2, J Lowe. Two sticks of celery (red) : 2, J Simm. Two sticks of celery (white) : 1, J Simm; 2, 11 Anderson.

' One vegetable. marrow : 1, T Howard ; 2, A Cotterill. ' Two cucumbeis : 1, J Simm ; 2, A Cotterill: Six carrots : 1, A Cotterill ; Six _turnips : ' 2, A Lotterill ; Six parsrdpe : 2, T Howard . Three red beet: 1, J Simm. '-11 -• , '"-!.: 'CLASS 4.-EXTRII. PRIZES. : Best-kept cottager's garden in the Society's district, to •be judged on or about -,,Satur- day, Auer:Ft Ist. Entries to be made before the 27th July. Fit _prize, £l., W Sephton ; second-prize,'l2` T Howard taird prize, ,83., 'A Cotterill ; &it prize given by Mr. T. oltneux. Bouquet of wild flowers, gathered and arranged lry children uederl4 years of age, :Within the..s9kiety's dis- trict. E. trance free. First prize, 54,, Mabel Cotteiill ; second p 4:n,45., H Randall; third who; 35., Jenni'lett ; fourth prike,•2B,Bl., R Bowker rfifth prize, 23., W Hill; sixth prize, is. 6.1.,W Strange; seventh prize, Ig., James Fuery ; eiven.WMi. B. T;Fairhurit. "'•• •-,°';', i kia During the afternoon athketic-sperte were.,•beld,On. • which the keenest interest was taken. ' 'The jtidires vseei•e- Messrs. R. W. Whittaker, T. Hamer, J. Lowe, R. Bartley, EL Eli'. m - AWL -4 • r.kP,,,,t,_,§i24.1,,,a..r,.-_,4,-lieAe.i. arks . -..m,..r',. 6litr; "clerics of the co :e, .., ,'..,,,,,,'i: :,oiti. dgel,-W, Mifltips, L.lBullock, ' T. Tol . 0•,!- ,:..,,e4,........14::iititt -Pk_ ~Irtioii. • telegraph clerke, Messrs , .f: T'::. , ' Oifi ' ' teitiV•lairdall.-; secretary, Mr. T., '(I '• ',,, ;...V•amit ' ariferetary, Mr. G. Boyer.- I, Result., ~..,,.._... --'llo*.tyspfllettp (denfined to mem- bers or, ,i.:, 4r:o-beat, 1, W. Raynor (50), H. A. ~,.. ' r° - latiiita heiii, 1, W. Frost f 1.10), 2, H. Ma. Isltif 0 ...igli*.2Frpat ;2,H. A. Hibbert ; 3, 11. •• -4--.7-- 00.. yarddlocal fit 4 race handicap (confin- , t ~."1' i 0 ..adidz.s.lniles) : - First heat, B. Bald- win ; : ~ont At'-../rit rYldi,,' garlestiatin, third heat, J. Rosbo, , s ,G borne • fourth heat;W. T. Reid,Haydnck ; Filth 11.' t.W.,J..Bentfield,Earlestowit ; sixth heat, J. H. Nlilling:!,n, Eariestewn,. 'Final; li'W. 'T. Reid (q ycls)-• 2, J. 11, botecini (44)-; B. Baldwin • (3): .1 Mile local bicycl: `.-ii*ap (confined to a radius of 5 Miles) : First heat, 1 :. 101410s1eY, '(Kailestoviii)-85 yards; 2nd, E. Fearnl.. (Newton), 1101artiO. Second heat, 1. P.Auk- land ( '... ringtonA, (80 yat4sl; 2,• W. Glare (Warrington) 110yar., Tiiiil:heat,.. 1,11. Ra*koone' (Warrington), 80 yet... • 2;W.-, Lyon,(Abram),'6o..varris. Final :1, H. Ma : :165, ;2,1'. Aukland ;. 3; W: liyonj 100 yards open ii i acebrandica.p., :. First }rat; W. Attgfford (llatri- croft),.-, ya4•4l ,Second boat, R. Williamson (Newton), , 71 yard .• , Td. bet, H. ,JKllliher (Crewe), •74 Yerd3- Fourth ~ t, R. Arkwright (Elaydock), 71; yards. Fifth heat, 1,'.: :T. Eel' (II dock), 81 yards. eferth beittya.. Isherw, •', (West h), 8 yards. SevOth heat, W. lsherwO , (West Lei ) T yard. Eighth ,140 at J. gos- lido bottom' olborne), Et, . Setel*icl round,, ;First beat,, 1, Ste' - % ;2, Killiner';'3, Arkwright. Sedond heat, L Reid ; '-' • osbottene ; 4,W. rwood. :. Filial, I„viteid 2, Ros •.• om ; giStaff.)rdr A: "le open, - cycle hanol7. cap :F. t heat. 1, j.,Rottad ( eigh),` del ..2',11 , Isitt Mawd ~,- gEOlestown), L, 85 ydfi. Seco teat, 1, .. Hall (3.1 , chester),.lBo yds ;arm. Lyon b' ), .160, yards. iird heat 1, p. W. Charnock, Warrington,' 180 yds ; 2, • . Auklarld, Warriniton, 180 yds.'Final, 1, J . Rowlan, ; 2, J014a1U,',..3-, B. W. Chem/36X; One •mile, open flatl.race handicap: 1, . . Falloon, Lola. ;and A.C.; 2, H. Sliner, Crewe ;3, G.% Barlow, Eariestown. ' The p ies were afterwa i,tributed by Councillor Simpson The gerlestowir,ba d Idayed lirdFlelection of A music dining the•hports, atid n the evening • after the tent wad,clearek4 dancing' was indulged:, in until 10 o'clock.'' AV' v TEE ATE MR. SA.MEB SMITH. ,4 l' -1-4MPOSING FUNEJLCI. ' : . 14. 'The re/nail:la of the te-Me. Atierman Smith, whose death we recorded in: our ilast week's hilt*, ' Were laid to rest oh.SaturdaY;rat the Wigan Cemetery. , babe, the obsequi# being attended 'fii jr a very large number ,of re- latives,,criende,r4aid a;eßrasentlaticre ;oitirtr, and .wit-. nessed,by-eroltledtheno, oof townspeople. The pnblie. sense ofokie itideshAtallifsid* the diStrit in the derith'Off one w h~Acir lilkaileitOrivilill"6l44"""allilii4 was expressed in a very remarkable manner, and as the cortege wended its way through the town there were general tokens of regret and sympathy manifested. The cortege left the residence of the deceased gentleman at 10 o'clock, and accompanied by the members of the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council, proceeded to St. Peter's Church. The councillors present were Messrs. C.B. F. Borron, J.P., C.C., W. Collingwood, J. W. Emmett, J.P.,F. J. Wood,W.Gilmour.J. Simpson,W. Thompson, T. On:nand, W. Beatty, Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, Mr. R. Brierley (surveyor), and Mr. W. W. Shirley (clerk), were also present. The service at the church was very impressive, being conducted by the Rev. H. Monk (vicar of Newton), and the Rev. Mr. Drury. vicar of St. Cather- ine's' Wigan. There was a large congregation, which includei the Rev. J. Carson (rector of Wargrave), Rev. T. W. Johnstone (curate of St. Peter's), Mr. J. E. Pardey, Drs. J. W. and H. Watkins, Mr. W. Holland Owen, Mr. W. A. Mawdsley, Mr. R. Barton, Mr. R. Stuart, Mr. G. Clarke, and others. At the con- clusion of the service the cortege proceeded by road to Wigan being accompanied through Newton by the mem- bers of the Council. Along this part of the road the deepest, sorrow and greatest respect were manifest. The cemetery was reached about half-past twelve, and the coffin was at once borne to the grave, where the remain- ing rites were impressively conducted amid a tremend- ous gathering of people. The body was enclosed in a metallic shell, the outer case being of panelled oak, handsomely.mounted with brass fittings, and bearing the following inscription :-"James Smith, born April 12th, 1034, died August 4th, 1898." The chief mourners rode in four carriages behind the hearse, in the following order :-First carriage, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. W. Woods, Mr. Arthur and Mr. W. Hindley Smith ; secord carriage, Mrs. Bradley, Miss Josephine Smith, Mr. Douglas Smith, Mr. Sidney Smith, and Miss Daisy Hindley ; third carriage. the Misses Pennington, Mrs. Arthur Smith, and Mrs. W. Hindley Smith; fourth carriage, Mr. John Smith, Mr. W. Woods, GDr. F. E. Bradley, and Mr. George Clarke. Numerous gentlemen followed in order in their own private carriages. 'fire following were amongst a host of friends besides the mourners given above,who sent wreaths-Mr. T. Airey, Mr. and Mrs. G. Airey, Mr. and Mrs. R. It. Barton,Mrs. Brown (Golborne), coachman, gardeners, and maids at Newton, Mr. and Mrs. Geerge Clarke, Rev. E. A. Duty, the Hen. T. W. Legh, M.P., Rev. Herbert Monk, Newton Division Conservative Association, Newton and Earlestown Conservative Club,Mr and the Misses Pardey, Captain and Mrs. Royce, Mr. R. and Mrs. Stuart, Mrs. Henry Smith and family, Mr. and Mrs. F. wood, Dr. Watkins and family.

titletitt Iti

===== 0002601_18960815_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

OLD WIDOWS TREAT.—On Saturday the Penketn widows were taken on their annual trip, the destination teing Llangollen. About 30 widows were conveyed by 'bus to Warrington where they took train from there. A very pleasant day was spent. Mr. P. Nwnall supervised the arrangements in a satisfactors manner. RETURN OF THE BRIGADE.—The St. Mary's Company C.L.8., returned from their week's training on Saturday. The health of the lads was excellent, and all speak in glowing terms of their complete enjoyment. At their inspection by General Eccles, they performed their drills in a manner that gave great satisfaction.

--- WINDOW AND CO r TAGE GARDENING SOCIETY. The third annual exhibition of the above society was held on Saturday. The exhibition this year was held in the Wesleyan school, the Infants School being toe small to accommodate the exhibits. These:lconsisted of fruit and flowers, vegetables, and cage birds. The specimens in each class were very good and in some cases the competition was very keen. There was a good attendance of ladies and gentlemen at the opening of the meeting. Mn. Garnett, the president, made a short address, and then Prefessor Leo Grindon,of Manchester, was c-illed upon. The Professor who is thoroughly con- inirsavt with botanical subjects, gave a very interestiorr address on plants at home and abroad. A. vote of thank's was proposed by Mr. Newcombe to Mr. Grindon, seconded by Mr. Dignum, and carried. Mr. Adam Bell, af Liverpool, judged the birds, and the flowers were again judged by Mr. Kippa,of Walton Lea. The follow ng is a list of the awards : GROUPS 1 (gardens).—Liest kept cottage garden : 1, J Carrington ; 2, W Dutton. Best kept small cottage flower garden : 1, J Shore ;2, J Phonix. Best arranged and cultivate 4 kitchen garden : 1, S Moss ; 2, B Hobson.

GROUP 2 (plants).—Three window plants : 1, F Childs; 2, T Hampson. One window plant : I,T Ha,mpson ;2, F Childs.

GROUP 3 (cut flowers).-Three cut roses : 1, y Davies ; 2, F Childs ; 3, J Carrington. Six asters : 1, J Carrington ; 2, W Dutton. Three spikes of stocks : 1, S Dixon ; 2, W Dutton. Three dahlias (double) : 1, J Shore ;2, S Moss. Three dahlias (cactus or single) : J Carrington. Three carna- tions : 1, T Dixon; 2, E 1) D aniels,sen. Three flowers (any variety) : 1, T Dixon ;2, A Denton. Bouquet of wild flowers (chiidren under 13) : 1, Wilfrid Dwerry- house ; 2, E Dutton ; 3, E Foster. GROUP 4.-Dish of six potatoes : 1, W Dutton ; 2, T Whitfield. Six dishes of vegetables : I,T Whitfiel3 ; 2, F Childs. Three sticks of celery : 1, T Dixon ; 2, F. Childs. Dish of peas (1d( : I,E D Daniels, jun. ;2, T Whitfield. Two vegetable marrows : 1, F Childs ;2, A Denton. Culinary apples: 1, T Dixon ;2, F Davies ; Dessert apples : 1, F Davies ;2, T Dixon. Pears: 1, S. Booth ;2, T Dixon. Anv.fruit, plums: 8 Beoth. Gnoup 5 (Bittns).-Yorkshire canary, clear, tick, variegated or yellow : 1,2, 3, El Abbot, Farnworth. Norwich canary :1, H Abbot; 2 and 3, Mather, Widnes. Crest or crest bred canary : 1, Jenkins, Widnes ; 2, Fenny, Farn worth; 3, Clarkson, Warrington. Canary (old bird) :1, .1 Clarkson; 2 and 3, H Abbot. Young bird: 1, B Hobson ;2, E Godwin, Penketh ; 3, S An- drews, Widnes. Any variety mule: 1, T Molyneux ; 2, S Molyneux ;3, T Hampson. British bird any variety (birds of prey excluded) : 1, S Booth; 2, G Dagmore ; 3, T Fenny.

The following is a list of the donors of special prizes : —Mr. G. Staley, Mr. H. Roberts, Sergeant Clarkson (I,Varrington), Mr. Joseph Swift (Penketh), Messrs. Nelson and Sons (Widnes), Mrs. John Swift (Penketh), Mr. H. N. Houghton (Warrington). The specimens of roses exhibited were the Jeannie Dickson, Horace Venet, La France, R. M. Henriette, Her Majesty, Marie Rady, S. De La Malmaison, Baroness Rothschild and Madame J. Perriere,

===== 0002601_18960815_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. •

, CRICKET. , -^ , Thii )falfringtein team•II.IO..OPOO more toJalitd defeat on Saturday. ' The`two defeats they have experienced on successive Selturdar afternoons are the mofergMtng con- liiderintlaegood recoiet wiiicla has been made ether in the season, an -,hich now ittooniktnnolosinieSbme of its lustre.'kie ni. - ! on SaturdayiiiisciniltirOfieeTham 1 Elilldroun and it .`' •,...,he first meeting of the clubs stl ' hisfeeason. .e he War :•,.7 .. team earth e said to , av::.een a, :-!'r• one,' hu r. ta:TA,n.• unfor . . ate for to in tScri ;`..,•.,,,.: w Shout. '16,...‘9..,,,," ,", ~......, dat a time w - his se •-' •'-.s ', bowline. , ..•:,:v;zr •quired and this may somewhat account for their .e .--• •..i, e, •••,..• f• 7••••••••••• y % , '.. ...,arrington commencedi batting on a good wicket. S. ICCiosfieldaid 8:-CaCelson, were the initial batsmen. Of the last-named player it may be stated that he made a favourable impression when playing for the colts in liter matuitogatnet Liolzishitei:itebeaTeciraglifirAting givit3g prumise.or a firSt,clasa player, The ,pArtnetship •was, not tif-Aokg duration for without zlioring.fet.inee,S. M. Crosfield was siiiartlvi taken -at the-svicket'by Taylor. Thewlis came nekti)‘utilfs stay- at he tvicketsi**asl also a brief one,for when the score tm.reablied,tv7tlyb, he was sent back to the pavilioiL - Callon, the succeeding 1 batsman, played rather-alkwardly with•thubowiing of ' Pennington,but be at length opened his stibulders to the balls sent down,and Made 'ievera/ floe drives. Nielson who was mow getting accustomed •to the deliveries of Pennington and Lawton;played excellent cricket,and the Iscore was indieased to 32 before a-separation was made, Callon being the retiring , batsman. E, Connor proved a useful helpmate to Nelson, And 'the . score was rapidly increased. Both Nelson and Connor h 4 out vigorously, but when thescore sheet registered 62 runs, Connor was bowled; Hampson now came to the wickets and commenced promisingly. Nelson made good use of his opportunities, and. punished the bo*ling severely. From ong , Over of Swallow lig scored no fewer than nine runs, and also deqratched - Pennington -to, the boundary ou several oecasions. A stop to this 1 rpvid,scoring was soon to bepade,Pennington disturbed , the bales at Efainpson's end, and in the next over, Law- ' ton Who 'had again been put on bowling was successful 'in securing Nelson's wicket.. The score now stood at 92, , and of Plies number Nelson had contributed 49 in splendid style, included in which were seven boundary strokes. ' The "succeedingpartnership of ',.. 15. Podmore and J. 1131bhksWas Of short by the last • .."ed player being dis- !Missed ~without having scored. 'io'Duckworth assisted POdmore by keeping the innings Open.r.-.Podmore made some clean strokes in clever style, but When his partner ' had scored four, he was caught somewhat easily by the bovrfor,.and shortly afteiiiards Lawton caught a smart retiirn frutn POdinore who had scored 15. The remain- ing batsmen added little to the score, and the venture closed for 2/5i

feat.

, The homesters commenced to exceed this total with Holt and Lawton, and the bdwling attack was placed ,in the hands of Scrimshaw and Connor. When eight I had been notched, Scrimshaw disturbed 'Bolt's wickets , with a yorker. Scrimshaw had only bowled four more over when he felt himself Compelled to give up owing to indisposition. This was a serious loss to the Warrington team who could ill afford to lose his services. Thewlis I stepped into the breach, but it was not until 37 had been scored that the second wicketlell, when a smart piece of work between Callon and Hampson removed Lawton. A long stand was next made by Wood and Clayton, and although S. M. Crosfield commenced .to bowlinstead of Connor he had to again, give (wart to, lirim,..- and ute 72 runs • had• been' registered . befor ,:the! partner- ship wiiii 'terminated. Greater sl,o i followed the effiarts af Warrinsionolii*,79 halal*, team had been dismi_ 4 --it AQw. tRo_W as if Warrington would 'atntirb. stcrikale TTer iir:%'iit liiifh Vradgley and Pennington together no separation could be made until the Watrington'score pad been passed. Their hit- ting was a treat to viitness, aed both Thewlis and Con- nor came in for severe treatment. Most of the interest in the match ceased after the Warrington total had been exceeded, and at the close of play the score of the homesters stood at 131 for eight wickets.

The meet important of the matches in the Warringtou Cricket League was played on Saturday, when Sankey Wire Mills met the Cheshire Lines Engineers on their own ground. Both have been very successful in their Leagne engagements, and this match was practically the finish of the League as far as position went,for a win for the Wire Mills would place them at dr+ head of the table in an unapproachable position. By losing they would have allowed the Engineers to draw level. A large number of spectators evinced the interest taken in the match by their presence.

The visitors won the toss and decided to occupy the field. Their opponents sent in Walker and Jones. These two made $ stay of but short duration, however, for Simpson and Warburton dismissed each for one run. Hackett and John Monks made" ducks "in succession and a similar fate later fell to Harrison, Howard, and Forster. The score never "looked up" during the whole afternoon and the innings closed for 21 runs. Warburton and Simpson had fine success with the ball, the former taking 5 wickets for seven runs and the latter 4 for ten.

Practically all hope of winning had deserted the homesters when their visitors went to the pitch. Williams and Bailey were the first partners and in them- selves passed the Engineers' score. Both batted well and Williams compiled the top score of 17 whilebis com- panion put together ten. Other fair scores were Hooper. 10 ; Evans, 14; and Cresskill 12. The good total of 98 was reached before all the Sankeyites had been disposed of.

They are now champions of the League and worthily so. Not having lost a match the team has a fine record. Much of this success is due to the esprit de corps which all its members have displayed, and their general effi- ciency in the field.

Sankey Wesleyans were not as successful in their Loague match with St. Elphin's as their co-villagers. They were at home also, but did not delight the home supporters by their commencement. Clare and Upson went in together, but each came back without scoring. Taylor then hit up 13, and after some more weak scoring Llewellyn made another stand by contributing 17. At the close the Wes- leyans had 45 runs to their credit. St. Elphin's did not mak3 a promising. start, for the first el batsmen only scored 14 runs between them. When the Saints were just beginning to feel " blue "Barnes and Woods joined forces and set the fielders to sorne smart leather-hunting. Before a separation was effected the match was won. Woods contributed 8, and later on Bradshaw assisted Barnes and added 12. Barnes himself defied the bowlers and carried out his bat for 45. A majority ot just 40 runs fell to St. Elphins.

The Brewery eleven, as one of the best junior teams in the district, went to Dalton Bank on Saturday with a fair certainty of victory against the Police. Their ex- pectations were realised for knocking up 107 they dis- missed the Police for 32. The latter figure exactly was reached by T. Allen, and two runs in excess of it were made by E. Allen. J. Caine and J. 'Milner, were also largely instrumental in raising the Brewery score to 107.

Sankey Wire Mills and Cheshire Lines Engineers, second teams, played together on the same afternoon as their seniors and the result was similar. The C.L.E's only made 28 runs while their opponents scored 69. Singularly, Cook for Sankey made the same tetal as the Engineers' team. 'rho latter was best represented by Deeley who commenced the innings with " a baker's dozen." rielsby and Rutter had good averages with the ball.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

Since our last issue th-e-m—o--3t—important event in the cycling world of interest to Warringtonians has been the 50 miles championship of the Liverpool and district centre. The race came off on the Stanley Athletic Grounds,Liverpool. There were two local competitors, T. Astill, and J. Waddington. Over 20 riders started but after the pack broke up there were only about a dozen running at all well. These dwindled down until it was seen that the premier place was between Arndt and W. Birtwistle,of Southport. When about 27 miles had been crwered Astill had the misfortune to be "spilled." He was put on again and rode the race out pluckily but could not regain his former lead. Birt- wistle came first,Astill second (only a lap and a half be- hind), and W. Lowe,Rainhill,third. The time was ahrs. 16min. 51 4.54ec5. The winner was the better paced of the two, DAgleish and H. Brown (both professionals), leading him on a tandem.

Saturday was tho president's day of the Warrington Cycling Club and a fair number of members accom- panied Mr. 'l'. Morris to Cranage. Here, as usual,a very jolly time was spent,in which the president participated. A more extended report will be found in another column.

Tuesday being the day for the Lymm Rushbearing festival the destination of the club run was altered and the members cycled to Lymm. Here all joined in the gaities and had what some of them call " a high old time."

===== 0002601_18960815_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

FQIIND DEAD IN BED.—On Saturday, Mr. Worsley held an inquest on the body of Ann Dunnigan, aged 52, wife of Mr. Michael Dunnigan,of Company's Row,Weston.The evidence went to show that deceased was found dead in bed by her husband at dinner time on Friday. fie last saw her alive about 5.30 in the morning when he went to work. Dr. McDougall stated that he examined the body but did not find any marks of violence. He was of opinion that de%th was attributable to failure of the heart's action. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony wae returned.

MARKETS.

WA.RIZINGTON MARKET. —WEDITESDAY August 12th FRUIT VEGETABLE POULTRY. BUTCHERS' AND

FISHMONGERS' TABLE.

s. d. s. d. s. d. a. d. Beef,Eng , 4 lto sto 0 9' Melons each 0 0— 0 8 Lamb per lb 0 B—o 11 Oranges, each 0 C— 0 1 Mutton,. ' 6—o 1D Ce:ery stick 0 0— 0 2 Veal „ 0 6—o 10 Pears 0 0— 0 1 Pork . ~0 5 0 8 A.,ric..lts each 0 0-0 0 Pork sides ... 0 41— 0 5 Carrots per lb 0 0— 0 1 , cured... 0 41— 0 5' Caulifh;rs each 0 0— 0 2 Whole pigs,sc. 7 0 7 3 Cucumbers „ 0 0— 0 6 Geese lb 0 0 0 10 Cabbages , 0 1— 0 2 Fowlarcouple 4 0 0 Tomato, s it, 1 0— 0 6 Chickens 4 6 5 0 Filberts lb ... 0 8— 0 0 Ducklings - 0 0 Spanish Oni'ns 0 0— 0 1 _ _ _

Rabbits - 2 0 3 0 Tur sii s ; i_o- Hares each... 0 0 0 0 Aspiraguseloo 3 0— 2 0 Pigeons ... 1 0— 0 0 Potatoes load 4 6 0 0 Pa't'dge br'ce 3 0 0 0 NewoolAtoes tts 0 0— 0 1 Grouse „ 0 0— 0 0 Mushroom. 'Ph 0 0 1 0 Pheasants ... 0 0 0 0 Green Peas Pk 0 0- 1 4 Turkey lb ... 0 0 01) Green Speuts Is 0 3 - 0 0 Butter,fr'sh th 1 0 0 10 Ban k'dn'vslb 0 0- 1 0 Hen eggs 11... 1 0 0 0 Pbmegranattis 0 1— 0 0 Duck,, 10 1 0— 0 0 Walnuts lb._ 0 0— 0 0 Apples lb ... 0 0 0 3 Lemons. each 0 0— 0 • Onions•„ 0 1 0 2 Cheese Grapes „ 0 0 2 0 Be .t New 46 0-52 0 PineAppleeach2 6 3 0 Good 42 0-44 GreengagesorttO 0— 0 0 Ordinary Cherries lb oe—ø 8 Lobst,r A lb 0 0— 0 ° SewbVies „ 0 0— 0 6 Turbot „ 0 0— 1 Damsons „ 0 0— 0 0 Salmon „ 0 10— Plums ~ 00— 0 0 Whitings „00— 0 4 G'seb'r'ies „ 0 0— 0 2 Flukes- , 0 0— 0 5 R'spb ties,, 0 0 0 6 Eels 0 0— 0 0 Muck Cur'nts 0 0— 0 6 S les ~ 1 0— 0 0 Red Cur'auts 0 0— 0 4 Sperling. „ 0— 1 i 2 Marrows each 0 3 0 4 CodtlA 0 4 0 v 6 Beakale r m 8 0— 0 0 M4ckez el each 0 0 Rhubarb lush 0 0— 0 1 Herring per doz.' 0-- 1 v

Co- Warrington.—Printed and Publishei by JOHN VirALlCEnr,,,t, The Examiner General Printing Works. Bevcsey-sLr—d. and Published also at The Examiner Office, Vietoria-r0,;,. WIDNES ; High-street. litrxeug.v ; 32, George.street, 7rirg HELENS • and 33, tdBrket-street, HART,,EsTOWN.--06 151,11,1896.

===== 0002601_18960815_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_4l

===== 0002601_18960815_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SEB 4 4 -rp NEXT WE ER'S EAXAMINER " FOR • A NEW TALE OF ARSORBING INTEREST - THE AUI'HOR OF "THE DOUBLE LIFE," &c., &c., • ENTITLED:— ht rrt -tw.. IHE SUNDERED HEARTS ; " -!1L • ' 4; OR • 11A. • ~. WAR OF THE HOUSEHOLD." • COMNIENCES . OATURD AY; AUGIIST 22ND. "*lfir • • . SEt • ' 'll/14N. W Ext, • TO BE HAD OF ALL EWSAGENTS. .‘ 13114R.'PitNNY.• ' • 1„, 4.4,4411-U 4. y. 1,) . *e, • 11 IS ,41. T V ge • .tnitAllittEV ,vr%, iet 4, A • • NATCRIt'S' COO* MPRICE,f,-., finarrIVAN'oRIAF ctiO4ilviareffutleparerit, Oesitsedi An actual Human Window Pane. You :elm ,pee,,llis t. Yon cam sea-hiablon.d4irculate. >NEW VARIETY COMPANY. NEW ILLUSIONS. AND -FROP: CASEY. 'The MAN OF •MYSTEItY. ' ARRINGTON TECHNICAL,?INETITIJTE.—Weachers,, ar. WANTED for Evening Classes in BUILDING" to‘q!STRUCTION, and TANNING,. —Apply, statAng terms, .the undersigned, from Whim particnlait may ,'bes 4bleined. • , CHARLES MADELEY, SecretarY,

WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY THE ANNUAL SHOW Will be held on 4411,,...Em8ER 2ND AND 3RD AT BIRKENHEAD Prizes e7ceed :E2,000. • ! ENTRIES 'POSITIVELY AND FINALLY ' CLOSE 10TH AUGUST, POST. ARTHUR H. EDWARDS, SECRETARY, Harsilton-street, Birkenhead.

PE PLACE TO SPEND A HAPPY DAY. SALE GARDENS, SALE, CHESHIRE. UNDER • NEW MANAGEMENT. h MILITARY AND QUAcRILLE BANDS. 'JARCING ALL DAL—BOATING ON THE LAKE. BICYCLING, SHOOTING. SWINGS, &C. kIST ENDLESS VARIETY OF NOVELTIES. FINE A T GALLERY. DINNERS A LA CARTE, at Separate Tables. FAMOUS SHILLING TEAS. Catering is in the hands of an Artist.—Vide Press. HOME OF FEASTS AND PIC-NICS. 1_ Director General: A. NOVELL° RILEY. s"'te of the Indian and Ceylon Exhibition. Earl's Court. % ADMISSION SIXPENCE. As —llrn Railway Fare frcm Oxford-road Station), incladiwg Admission to the Gardens, is.

SHREWSBURY. *GREAT FLORAL FETE, -.BI:INESDAY & THURSDAY, August 19th & 20th, 1896. MOST MAGNIFICENT FLOWER SHOW IN ENGLAND -'°2llnced by the Horticultural Press as "the finest in !I..nrope." Alone worth travelling 100 miles to see. UPWARDS OF £3OOO IN PRIZES AND OTkIER Rem, ATTRACTIONS. -;_day the unrivalled BANDS (by kind permission),of ROYAL HORSE GUARDS (Blue), Conducted by GRAS. GODFREY, R.A.M. H.M. GRENADIER GUARDS, kip Conducted by LIEU V. Die GoDFREY. -11% ALTERNATELY & COMBINED. The Largest and most Superb Military Band heard at any Fête. 80 !I kCINIFICENT PERFORMERS. PIPERS OF THE K.O. bCO I TISH BORDERERS. DS OF SHROPSHIRE YIIoMANRY CAVALRY and SHROPSHIRE ARTILLERY. Combined Band. 60 Performers. most MARVELLOUS PERFORMERS IN THE WORLD, Who appear AT THIS FETE ONLY. JUAN CACH ID° the Mager the Wire—The Marvellous Vif....."NES, on the Flying Trapeze—The BROTHERS GRlP- and their World-renowned Biondin Donkey—The MACARTE, charming Lady Gymnasts—The tiIt&ICAL JEHS, in their Musioal Smithy—The GREAT IikpLINI TROUPE of Bicyclists—The KELLINO ACRO- the-4, u Troupe, 7 performers—PßOFESSOß PARKER'S utsphttnerienn Dog Circus—The LADDERITES, Gymnastic RIQ /--The SPANISH TOREADORS, Acrobats—BAßNES `ll/I'll 3 Silver Ba-s, and many other Marvellous Artistes. SCOTCH FESTIVAL—GOLD MEDAL DANCERS arid - PlPERS—Highland. National and Sword Dances. 4rerit •• FLYING FISH "BALLOON. and" The Carus- elkku nalloon. Two Balloons will ascend each day. IVB BALLOON—C. Green Spencer & Son, Aeronauts. 4gORSR i RAPING COMPETITION. £lOO IN PRIZES. gi,,LIEN'S BRITISH ARMY QUADRILLES, each evening, Q(l4,pda (200 Performers), with all Jullien's original effects. -44ROUS ILLUMINATIONS &FIREWORKS by Messrs. WILDER. Birmingham. ~.lAL EXCURSION TRAINS FROM Preston, Wigan, Warrington and all parts 1;48'40N :—Wednesday, One o'clock. 2s. 6d. : after Five " Thursday, all day from Eleven. ONE SHILLING ONLY. NI ;Mira Tickets sold at Is., if bought on or before Moe- ugust 17th Send stamped addressed envelope and Orders to the Hon. Sem. H. W. ADNITT. Ra„„ 12, W. W. NAUNTON. 1 •.__Loluare. Shrewsbury.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. I\IOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that at the General Quarter Sessions ot tbe Peace, holden at Chester 152 in and for the County of Chester, on the 29th l'ef June, 1896, T WAS ORDERED, pursuant to the provisions of Iti;o,,e Licensing Acts, 1872 1874," that the Meetings of to,...‘dounty Licensing Committees relative to the con- le2ation of NecvLicenses be held as minor's viz : —The 11ting of the Chester Licensing Committee on SATIIII- W' the 3rd day of October next, at Chester Castle. at ',be noon • and of the Knutsford Licensing Corn- tie at the Court House, Knutsford, on MONDAY, 110' oth day of October next, at Two o'clock in the after- on. es AND NOTICE IS HEREBY ALSO GIVEN Zt the said meet;ngs on the 3rd and sth days of Oct. vrapectively will be especially convened under the pro- in that behalf contained in the 32nd section. of (elle Licensing Act, 1874." for the purpose of making ih;leerned necessary) orders under that section with re- to towns and populous places. e By the Court, REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the said County. er,_hester, 10`h August, 1896. etiPies of the Regulations with respect to the afore- ktki meetings and the transaction of business thereat, to, of the Rules as to the proceedings to be adopted for etillrization of New Licenses, and the costs to be in- litlthed in any such proceedings.and the person by whom tq ;Leona are to be paid, can be obtained on application Clerk of the Peace.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROAI is., is. 2d., Is. 41., is.' AND 28. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

11111ANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Turrings Free. NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASEDIN 6 MONTHS THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 To 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

lANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sons' easy n two. or three years' system. There is no other house in Euirope that offers such really good phno on this easy system as CRANB and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liyorpool.

• ("_OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned form hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new ones. Great sale Grands and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards. Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to any part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool, 111111 URCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Cr me and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road. Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—OßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

Mu"c.-50 000 COPIES AT id. EACH. Lists post free, from CRANE and SONS. Great Music Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

UPTITRES. - FOR CURE OF' RUPTURES. _L T. BGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consrating hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works.? &9. Cirosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester.

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.-HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS I per oz. I IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, f 2s. I SC ALPETTES, f 21s. SEALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL.

• COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS. WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. ecc. Higbee price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, I)famond3, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PEN NINGTON & CO., NtiMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, R ENS lAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

LADIES DRESS BASKETS FROM 20s. PORTMANTEAUS, GLADSTONE BAGS 86C. Good cpiality, at lowest iprices. N 0 It Ai A N 'S, TRUNK MANUFACTORY, ROSCOE ARCADE (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL..

SU N INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED IN 1895.-2390,775,000. Forall partieulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Picknere It Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street Messrs. Voisey and Worthingten,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe. Market Gate Chambers rrlIE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered by the 1. Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESi of MUSCLES. It is macical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two b ales of NINE OILS immediately, it is a wonderful remedy.—blvery Bicyclist, Footballer. A thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by J. WOODEND,ChemiBt, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool. in bottles Is 10 and 25 9d. free by post is 4d and 25, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. YOUNG, Chemist. Warrington.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Vi ATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 391 AND 41, DALE STREET, 125 LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

'hipping Rotires.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAIL- INGS TO NORTH WALES. The splendid Saloon STEAMER SNOWDON will sail (weather permitting). EVERY SATURDAY, at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO, allowing about 1 hours ashore and arriving back at 8.33 p.m. Return Fares for Half-day Excursion, 3s. 6d. First Saloon; 2s. 6d. Second Saloon. EVERY SUNDAY at 10-45 for LLANDUDNO, BEAU- MARIS. and MENAI BRIDGE, arri ring back about 7.45 p.m. For further particulars epply to W. H. DODD, 31. Tower Bindings, Liverpool. Telephone No. 1,585.

ISLE OF MAN. EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS.—(Sundays excepted). D01:113l 13 DAILY SERVICE.— From LIVERPOOL From DOUGLAS. Daily 10-30 a m and 2p in Daily 9a in and 4p in Fridays, extra 5 pm & 12 night , Mondays, extra 12-30 a in Saturday, 5 p.m & 11-45 night DAY EX URSIONS.—DaiIv. From Liverpool lO-33 a m From Douglas 4p in Arrive Douglas about 2-15 p m Arrive Liverpool about 7-45 p m FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily at -15 p m I Daily at B-30 a in Douglas due 5-30 pm Fleetwood due .11-30 ain Saturdays extra FlePtwood to Douglas, 12-30 noon. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY.—DaiIy from Ist • July; Saturdays and Mondays, direct, 12-30 noon ; via Douglas other week- days 2 pll. FLEIPWOOD TO RAMSEY. via Douglas. -From lit July, Tuesdays, Wednesdays. Thursdays, and Fridays at same time as Fleetwood to Douglas. Douai. Ls TO DUBLlN.—Mondays, Tuesdays. Wednesdays, and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO GLASGOW.—Mondays. Tuesdays, and Thurs- days. • DOUGLAS TO BELFAST r.:l Peel, every week-day. CHEAP .1 XCURSIONS AND SHORT SEA PASSAGES. Guide and Sailings forwarded by ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD. DOUGiLAS.

ESTABLISHED 1879. CHARLES kjOTTON, • SCOTLAND-ROAD (Mornwa's YAnD), WARRINGTON. TURNING, FITTING, SCREWOUT PING, PUNCHING, • DRILLING. GENPA.I, SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Forgings), ecc. HORSES CAREFULLY SHOD. Estimates Supplied Free.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 28, .I3EWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION •Bpecial Arrangements, ‘fcc., tor the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

, PETER kjOTTON, ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER, Backing, Canvas, Stack Covers. Netting, Curled Hair, Oil Sheets, Ac., Tents and Marquees for Sale or Hire. Sports, Picnics, &c., fitted complete. No. 6, CHESTER'S-Y AR D, WIN WICK-STREET, • WARRINGTON. - GP DES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each.' Wholesale by 3. GEDDES AND SON. WARRING TON ESTABLISHED,IB2B. Wm. H. & G. H. DREAPE R 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS • BEARD BY STEIN WEG COLLARD Bc COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, • LORD, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RIbKS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM Is. PER MONI H. CASH PRICES ,FROM 16 GUINEAS- . 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6457. Telegrams " Apollo."

VIOLINS. BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, cte., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSH IW-STRE NT, LIVERPOOL.

I MISIBBIATE CASH on Furniture and &1 W& if articles 1. either for sale or storage, n !Ong d* short, periods or purchased outright or instantly.--ileorgenptelne AND SONS, Auctioneers, kc„ 44, Chuvh-street, I,lo9iMai. Tele,phone 1897.

HENRY WIIIT,TY, 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. LAWN TENNIS, CRICKET, GOLF, BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY. LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG, ss. 6n. Agent for T. H. Ayres' High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In great variety. SPECIAL GRAND SHOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW'S, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

CYCLISTS' FIELD GLASS, 30S. IN LIGHT ALUMINIUM, O A `This. INDISPRNFABLII FOR TOURING. CHADBURN & SON, OrnmeNs, 17, JAMES-STRRET. LIVBRPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

Obtpping 3otirts. DAILY SAILINGS. TWO HOURS. 1 CHANNEL V/RUISES. FARE 6n. CHILDREN 3n. THE FA.VOURITE SALOON STRAINERS. AUSTRALIA AND AMERICA. (or other Stßamer) will leave the Prince's Landing-stage. Liverpool (weather and other circumstances permitting) daily at 3.15. 4.15. 6.15. and 7.0 p.m. Saturdays and Mondays at 11 a.m. 3.15, 4.15. 6.15. and 7 p.m. Sundays at 11 a.m. 3.15. 4.15, 6.1 i, and 7.15 p.m. Music. Light Refreshments on b9ard. Special terms to Clubs, Schools, Tea Parties, &c.

DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. The Cheapest and Least Tedious Sea Trips out of Liverplol. Best and Quickest Route to HOLYWELL, ST. WINEFRIDE'S WELL, PANTASAPH, AND RHYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON, Will sail float the Prince's Landing Stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL TO MOSTYN AND B %OK T PIE SAME DAY. Average pasaage, 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers about three hours ashore in one of the pre:tied spots in North Wales. Long day trips about 10 hours ashore. SAM NOS. FROM LIvERPOOL. FROM MOSTYN. Monday 17th Aug —l-30 p.m. I Monday 17th Aug —6-45 p.m. Tuesday 18th Aug ...3-30 p.m. I Tuesday 18th Aug ...7-45 p.m. Wedneed•ty 19th Aug 6-30 a.m. I Wed'sday 19th 'Aug 8-30 a.m. Wednesday 19th Aug 5-0 p.m. I Wed'sday 19th Aug 8-0 p.m. Thursday 20th Aug B-0 a.m. I Thursday 20thfAug 7-30 p.m. Friday 21st Aug 9-O a.m. I Friday It Aug 8-0 p.m. Saturday 22nd Aug -.9.0 a.m. I Saturday 2nd Aug 'l-0 a.m. Saturday 22nd Aug... 5-0 p.m. f Saturday 22nd Aug 8-30 p.m. Single Fara, is. 61.; Return Fare. 25.; Bridge Extra. Tickets net transferable, and available for day of issue only. SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY at 3 p.m. Return fare 18.6 d. Office, 27 Water-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2,334.

LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, CALLING AT GREENOCK. -11.7 Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Warrington, Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and all parts of Staffordshire. Weather and circumstances permitting. , OWL AND BEAR. Or other steamers are intended to Sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). AUGUST. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM GLASGOW. CLARENCE DOCK, And by train from Glasgow to (South-west side). Greenock at 5.58 p.m. Friday l4, 2pm Tuesday 18, 3pm Thursda3r 2 9pm Saturday 22, 3pm Ordinary litkres.-oabin (including steward's fee), ,10s;, Return (available for two months), 15s ; available for ten days 12s 6d. Steerage, ss; Return (available for ten days). 75 61. Return tickets are available by Messrs. Langlands' Liver- pool steamers and also by their Manchester steamers on pay- ment of is. AGENTS.—J. Bruce Murray and Co.. 24, George-square, Glasgow ; J. and J. Denholm, Greenock. C. MACIVER and CO. 9, Albert-square Manchester. and 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-street. Liverpool. -- WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. GERMANIC Wed.. Aug. 19. I *TEUTONIC Wed., Aug. 26. Cotton not carrzed on eassenaer &earner:. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage manced thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimere. Apply to 18-Sf kr, Imntz, and Co., 34. Leadenhall stree , London. 8.C.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

COuratton.

rprER MISSES RIMMBR. Sen. Hon. Cert., R.A.M., 23. .1 WILSON PATTRN-STREBT. WARRINGTON. School duties resumed (DV,), September 15th. Fees, List of Passes, Testimonials, etc., on applications.

GIRLS' SCHOOL, 3'4 guint-as yearly, inc naive terms. Hnglish, French, music, drawing. Certificated teachers. Prep. for exams. -Horne comforts: healthy 'Rua- tion.—MADAME, Cetteswolds, Brigstock Road, Thornton Heath, Sussex

'IARLISLE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—Hetdmaster, F. S. R. lJ HEsny, M.A., late of ettes College, Edinburgh. oarders received in Headmaster's house. Entrance scholar- ships annually in July; buildings new and well equipped, with southern aspect gymnasium, cricket, field, laboratory, fives courts, &c. Boys prepared for all the usual examine- oils.

VARRINGTON Ladies' College. New Brighton, Cheshire. 1: Seaside Home School. Resident qualified staff. includ- ing French. German, and Kindergarten.. Music and Voice development a speciality. Extensive Krounds. Well-lighted schoolrooms overlooking the open sea. Successes in exam- ination. Excellent diet. Perfect sanitation. Principal, Mrs. VEICO.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE, £4 4s. per Term. The NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY, September 15th. ENTRANCE EXAmINATION, MONDAY, September 14th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, An., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX, Receiver. N.B.—The BOARDING-HOUSE in connection with the School is situated at Higher Broughton.

GOOD Reliable Second-hand Diamond Frame Cushion Safeties, £2 103. each.—MANuFA.TuaDre ComPirti ,9, Corby-street. West aorton, Manche ter.

A FEW high grade ' Court :loyal "Lady's SAFETIES to 11. dispose of ; Dunlop-Welsh Tyres; half transparent gear oases ELL—LLOYD. COURTS & Co., Coventry. a

' I 'TRES of all descriptions, inner tubes,outer covers,frames, 1 wheels, fittings. &c.. in the rough and finished. Lists, &c., free.-.-NIGHTINGALI .t CO., 165, Leathweite-road, Lon- don, S.W. x

SAFETIES 1 Safeties I—lmportant to Agents. Dealers, and others. Illustrated List of over 1,000 (One Thousand) Machines, New and Second-hand, post free to any address. Don't pay large and fancy prices for your machine. See Warrilow's prices before purchasing. Single Machines at Wholesale Price. Ladies' Safeties a speciality. Cash only. Agents wanted. List Post Free from W. R. WATtRILow, Cycle Manufacturer, Revnt-street, Weston-super-Mare.

CYCLES CYCLES ! ! CYCLES ! ! THE CYCLE KING. J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Nortkern Road Record), 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, .WARRINGTON. AGENT FOE THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON. ALLARD, MOHAWK, Alci, TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES, REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Second-hand Machines always in Stock. Ihree years' Guarantee. LADIES CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Bey a Machine Rlaht Out, by paying 23 down they can have a Machine any day during 1896. DON'T PAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, . 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY-CHAMBERS, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PATENTEE AND MAKER OF THE " • ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY FOR HOME USE. AGEISM FOR THE "BUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWERED BROS., AND OTHER HIGH-GRADE CYCLES., MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TU. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOO - ROAD, WARRINGTON.

A. CLARE, KNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THETI • BEVERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING, AND' ENAMELLING A. SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCkIPTION. ENGINE FITTINeS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES OF MACHINERY, &c., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES _BK.

ilottls, Ilpbrofs, 33earbing 05tab. FREEHOLD HOTEL (North Wales).--Hotel, Beerhouse (Liverpool) for Sale.--HoaAea ATKINSON, Queen. it., Oldham.

CASS'S CRAB AND LOBSTIIR HOTRL, VBNTNOR.— Unsurpassed centre for excursions ; nice gardens ; terms moderate. x

RAMSEY. ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville. first-class Boarding Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts, golf. &c. Tabled' Hote 7 Tariff.

MBNAI BRlDGE.—Vietoria Hotel, s anding in its own private grounds and taeing the Menai Stuxits ; terms relsonable.-11. G. THomss.

B NESS, vr IN DEMME, Albert Hot -I.—Parties 1-1 catered for. Modera.te charges. Tariff on application. Near the lake. —R. DARWICS. Proprietor T AK E DISTRICT.—Country riotel and Boarding-house J.J private rooms ;:terms moderate.—Apply J.Gninem,Pr o prietor ; Newlands Hotel, near Keswick.

BUXTON.—GROVH HOTEL, close to Railway Stations, Baths, and Gardens. Finest Wines, Spirits. Ales, &c. Billiards ; Accommodation"for Parties. Terms ; Moderate.— E. CLAYTON. National Telephone No. 7. FOLICHSTONE.— Skelmersdale House, The Lees. First- class Pension and Private HOTEL. Absolutely facing the sea; perfect sanitary arrangements; telephone; tennis lawn; high-class cuisine; smoking-room fazing the sea. Alight at • entral Station. LONDON. wiLp 34 TSO 40 LUD G ATE TEMPERANCE HILLALSO AT HOTEL, 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

(ZOITTIIPORT.—SUNNYSI DB HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR- NAIWO, Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams. a ,c 1 golf links. Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths Massage, Galvanism Summer Terms from 7s, per d ty.—J. B roc rcic, Proprietors OHESTER.—Temperance Hotel, 114, Brook-street. Good accomodation with special moderate 'terms to com- mercials, cyclists and visitors. Ladies coffee room. Night' bell; 2 minutes from London and North-Western Station. Mrs. WEBSTER WILLIAMS.

I 3 EARS' PAW & RAILWAY HOTEL,FRODSHAM. ESTABLISHED 1632. WILLIAM YOU)), PROPRIETOR. GOOD ACCOMMODATION for Travellers, Cyclists, Picnic and Wedding parties. Excellent Bowling Green and Stabling. Teas and.Refredhments of every description. Best quality wine and spirits.kept in the hotel.

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINE IN SOUTHPORT AT HAY ES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIRE RAILWAY CO.'s STATION. 38, CHAPEL`- STREET. SOUTHPORT. ESTABLISHED 1869.

Apartment, eurnislub 31Nu5t5,

ETwooD.—Comfortable Apartments, close to sea and 1 Mount. Mrs. TAYLOR, 11. Mount-terrace.

ItHYL, Apirtments TO LET; 8 minutes' walk from the sea.—Apply Mrs. HUDSON, Copthorne, Warren.road, Rhyl

T AKR DISTRICT.—First-class Apartments to Let; 2 _LI sitting and 4 bedrooms.—Mrs. Apaorr, Carlton House, Keswick.

COLWYN BY.—Large or small Residence, with pleasant gardens. Grounds open to sea.—Address DLNGLEWOOD, Colwyn Bay. BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, with or without Board; terms moderate; trams pass door.—Ms. Jonxsorr. 86, Lytham-road.

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. nen, 25, Exchange-street, North Shore. Homely A PARTMENTS for invalid Gentlemen; no other lodgers.

BLACKPVOL.—Comfertable APARTMENTS at Mrs. STANDRING'S Marton Cliff, 40, Great Marton-road (now re-named " Central Drive.')

lIIDLACKPOOL, SOUTH SHORE.—Comfortable ROOMS, 1) three minutes walk from station and sea.—Mrs. PARRY, 223, Lytham-road.

PBNMAENMAWR.—Furnished Villa or Apartments. August or permanent; vary moderate ; near sea ; always IIked.—PERRRYN VILLI. BLACIEPOOL (HOLLYHURST, 21, Shaw-road. South Shore.)—APARTABNTS ; live minutes from South Shore Statio,. and Victoria Pier.

HESWALL.—Oomfortable Furnished Villa; six rooms, bath; sea ; bracing situation; for season or permanent tenant. THURR, Telegraph-road.

BLAORPOOL.—FIRST-OLASS ROOMS near sea; with or without board; bath, ac. ; terms reasonable.-7, CARSELALTON-ROAD, North Shore.

APARTMENTS, one Bitting and two beArooms, half mile from lake and etation.—Mrs. ROBINSON, Middlefield Villa, Heathwaite, Windermere.

SOARBOROUGFL—Private Apartments; facing sea, Clarence Gardens and Pler.—Mrs. IBBERSON, Wharncliffe House, 26, Blenheim Terrace, North Cliff.

QT. 8131,8, Cumberland.—Large FURNISHED HOUSE. 12 bed and sitting rooms; or apartments. Seaside and Lake Distriet.—Barmaxr VILLA. St. Bees.

WELL Furnishod APARTMENTS, Bathroom, &c., near station and river • with or without board.—Mrs. R CUNOW, 18, Queen-street:Chester. SUPBRIOR homely APART-IT& 11 NTS : good cooking ; highly recommended ; terms moderate.—Mrs. BARROW, Stone Grove. Lloyd-street, Llandudno. riOUNTRY—LoYDGINGS, quarter of a mile from Glenmaye Waterfall.—Address EDWARD BAILEY, Gordon house, Peel, Isle of Kan. Terms moderate.

RAmsEY, I.o.M.—Toxteth House, central position on new promenade, facing the sea; APARTDIHNTS with or without ward. Terms on application.

SOUTHPORT. Comfortable APARTMENTS; three minutes from station and promenade; terms from 108.6 d. per week —5B, EASTBANK-SrREET.

SOUTH SHORE, BLACKPOOL.— Mrs. RANTLING, 63, Withnell-road. Late of Warrington. Comfortable APARTMENTS, near Victoria Pier and Station.

"DLACRPOOL.—Mrs. R. WADDICOR (from DarweU), 65, II Lytham-road, near Manchester Hotel. Comfortable APARTMRNTS ; two minutes' walk from sea.

DOUGLAS.—Mre. Houcirf, Delamere House. 1, Empress, Drive, Crescent. Promenade; trams pass from boat ; full board from bs. per day; private sitting-room.

TAO I' GLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Good, comfortable .1.1 LODGINGS at 4, GROSVENOR-ROAD ; reasonable terms; take cab (half will be paid), drive to above address.

APARTMENTS TO Lca, vacant on the 24th inst., parlour. two single or one double-bedded 2., oms. Terms moder- ate.—Apply Mrs. SAVAGE, Ty Mawr, Newmarket, Rhyddlan, R.S.O.

ISLIC OF MAN. APARTMENTS pleasantly situated terms moderate; with or witkout board.—Mrs. G, ALLEN, 9, Kensington-road, Douglas (late of .62, Parker-st.. -

, eI&RTMEL.—To be Let, comfortable APARTMENTS, at a V pleasantly situated farmhouse, one mile from the Old 'Priory Church.—Address, Mrs. TOWERS, Wall Nook,Cartm el. GraT,ge-over-Sands. _ 1111(LACRP0 0 isitors will firid comfortable APART- MENTS, With or without board at Mrs. T. COWEN'S, 14, Crystal-road, South Shure, Public and private apart- ments. Close to sea. Piano. (Near South Shore Railway Station.)

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. A LADY, the daugh rof a late eminent physician, will be lA. pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms ef Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed, Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS,' T HURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

NO PAR" of the world inviting settlers. offers brighter prospects to the Agriculturist than ONTARIO. Descriptive Pamphlet with Maps. sent free on application to the ONTARIO IiOVERNMENT AGENCY. 7, James-street. Liverpool.

• ,iO,l47lFift:PV:4l Ira FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY:. IS.. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. rirEETH All consultations free. I 'FEET II . Each patient informed beforehand the cost, for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. rrEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction t oaossho,hiec;:eto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of ,th late -erg! Tf,, J. H. PARB-INSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREFX, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MEEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARICET-ST

UNDER THE CLOCIL IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION eF BOOKS is now being offered by Tg . JLARKE, " EXAMINER " OFFICE. ItARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 4s. in the Potuasi.

FOR LADIES' REAL TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS GO TO C. JACKSON HOLMES, MERCHANT TAILOR, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Agent for he Castle Rubber Co., Ltd. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY-MADE OR MADE TO ORDER, IN TEE LATEST STYLE. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS TO SELECT PROM. WATERPROOF GOODS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILE AND BITTER ALES. &LLSOFFS MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HAP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WIN WICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM -BR ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER - THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., ED DINORWIO AND TENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS CO.. LD: AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD 07FICIC: Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. I Warrington.

UNSWORTH'S LEADING LINES. THE LIXUM, 2s. 6D. In Half-a-Dozeri Stylish Shapes. A Thorough Good, Reliable Hat. THE LIXIJM, 25. 99. Best Satin Lined, The Smartest Hat in the Trade. Half-Dozen Stylish Shaps,s. THE ELECTRIC, 3s. 9D. All Pure Fur, Very Light and Flexible, Best Satin Lined, All the Latest Styles. THE ZEPHYR, ss. A Perfect Treat. The Newest Shapes, Serviceable Shades, Perfect Ventilation, • UNSWORTH BROS., "THE' HATTERS." 7, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OP LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

Fs/ The Health and Vigour of an Individual depends ;nal the quantityand quality of the Blood. When the have been at work there are thrown into the blood wa5,P(74 ducts, and if these be not eliminated but (through any -letaine,i in the blood they influence nutrition and tutt..W and finally produce organic disee.se." " The HumandarV, In caves of Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs. Skill,/ Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all k:nd-, the effm_74 esl aorfriudkie's cures Bloodeverywhere, avDdeibxsietteunuree.ffawreec.temptarbrboyv marvellous. eu.esitaßrTekhwelsursnealnooedfd troot mitations and substitutes.—Advt.

...4,3„.„.. -*•,.:(03):.E5---: -Cocoa P+4+.+o4-11 1- - • •: .'II I it - •-•4 I I°-+• se. • 411 ' • + We Drink V . gir • too much tea and eat too much flesh food, especially In •Bummer. The tannic acid in tea lowers the spirits, and 0 • excess of flesh food militates against working energy. 1111 . 0 DR. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA, prepared from Kola, Cocoa, Malt, and Hops, has the refreshing properties of fine teas, • . 1 I I I the nourishment of the best cocoas, and a tonic and recupera- • ' - • tive force possessed by neither. Not a medicine, but a wonder- ful food beverage. Sold everywhere in 6d. pAckets and 9d. and 4•0 - *A Tak Is. 6d. tins; or on mentioning this paper and writing—. a postcard will do—DR. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA, Ltd., ~,. my Suffolk House, Cannon St., London, E.C., 1p . • a dainty sample tin will be ' 0 • Bent post free. , . 1),...:,• - • . +o+ ++.o +o+ +0+4.4+0 ~,(103.1,E___s; . •••• • - • .. -. Cocoa

GEORGE.JACKSON., PAWNBROKER., .JE WEL LER, AND SILVERIMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES, 7,EWELLEIty,• Marble and other CLOCKS, -FURNITURE, CARPETS, 131/NTBADS. and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price forold Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR. MONEIIS LENT. CHAT WOODS - FIRE • AND THIEF PROOF .RAFES. 0 T —o' n !C LE A-11 • UT ••=. ‘,-• 01, , And make room for a new Stock of, Forfeited-Pledges we are offering Men's Youth's and Boy'tOothing at a great 4UCt4qu,. :o MEN'S BLACK W ORSTED SUITS, d MEN'S BLACK WORSTED COATS, 'waist 2i. lid. MEN'S STRONG, TWEED 'ciOATS,',:PAUS( is. 6d. , MEN:'S BLACK WOESTEJITROIIIS‘iFROU2s. 11d. MEN'S STRONG TWEED TROUS., FROM is. 94. 'MEN'S BLACK WORSTED IkSTS; :FROM ls. MEN'S STRONG TWEED .VESI4- k*OSI 91.• • YOUTH'S BLACK WORSTED SUITS;PROM 6s. 11d. YOUTH'S STRONG TWEED SUITS; OM 5. lid. TOUTIP BLACK W ORSTE a C0.48,41(931. 2a. 6d. YOUTH'S STRONG TWEEP COATS; FROM k YOUTH'S BLAcK woRSTP;YrROV,S*S6,4'..9;(I;*. YVOH'S STRONG TWEED TROUS, Is 6d YOUTH'S BLACK y,VORSTED VESTS. kROM 94:' Yp.UTH'S STROYG .TVIEEni 'ESP, eO. BOY'S BLACK WORSTED SUITS. IREI 2s; 11d. BOt'S. STRONG TWEED SUITS; FROWIao . BOy'S SAILOR SUIT FROM is. q(1.- " BOY'S TWEW KNICKERS, FROM,.O. - MEN'S PAINTERS JACKETS; FROM le. 11T. N'S LARGE SIZE .SHrirts,, ra04:3..0.,ect: MEN'S. EXTRA, SIZE SHIRTS (best ctuality), is. 11d. - • MEN'S SERGE JACKETS,' (FROM p:ollct. • • ' MEN'S MOLE IRO:SEAS, FRG* 3s. lid,: , MEN'S CORD TROUSERS; FROM 38. lid. WEEKLY. PAYMENTS TAKEN. - • • •

TANK,in spl.Padideto”ditioni 23f t,3in,long.slb Gin d!amcta :cheap.—PAßP9x4.44:l9ll/14.1AYfrP1-4• • QYX SONtiS,:wordltan(fitiLiWilOsti re•S' 1,7 18.—LIBELAN1:1, Ricpond Pia* Brighton., ' , x • • -.J., a. •• • Tender..Velet,,lsqe A3I.Iii.I4IIOI4AVS, ycloy. RQymirirt, 3. R9lst !ree 14ista.w.s.urpojw,..Chept.4111k*,y, I 0 Cif T ACCUIiVt ATORS, 613'2 -111.6otrie'ScdtfPlni corn. pltte, Bs. • 6d.—Botto,r, 60: `easbbridgeWstreeti,. London, sw.• . , • r ,),t x t

, (IRA ar PA Tell'itditli,..--Pretty Silk and Vetvês,as NP Sorted, 20 pieces barriage psiel.—llowt's3;'DerbT road, Ishittingham. I" • ~,r• • • ,/Q-4XR.7-(Th .B eyc,t tron). weak or inflamed, eyett. IS. 'rm. bottle post' fge '441 thorpe'Boatt Gt CPrimstjr. " x . . i••+ • • ~ 411.0.fh8 I.IDY iia* Valuable Harmless neelpoo great 131.7 truppitance- to Ladies.. 'StatitOell address .15ir pArtt- culare. Mrs/B WitsoN. Bider GiroVe, Shefikeld. • lc ! VRBTWORK, Carvinic RePcollsoe• Bent-imff• Burnt W°64"' Bamboo, Plat ure ,F rant i ng: and Leather, Work ; • catalo- . gue IMO illustrations, (Nee 6d.7,11,4ekE8, 8R05... ettl4.. x 10 00 0 Cards 9 Me6.m; 148,"8;61.'Cjgs°.' 63(1u:28-ln:00. 3; d. cash ; samples A, SMITH. 14inter,,aartrou Hill. Leeds,. . ~• •: •"'• , .••'; •x: •

To ItsieiSii 'A Pit o.lllt ON SMALL.' FAT{ NIS' ! • Bits 1. of eiperienceretc: ; 'or "Practical Fartaing:'' ls. 6cl: each. • Poit free.:-PAtisttni, 'ChiddingfOlcV (G)dalming)? Surrey. - - I -• . - r -, . . QP.LENDID Assortment of New Season's Bitterne for oui k- 71 e :p o 01, Celebrated 6d. 61:1 49 measure) TRO,usg, Bs:, fully-good ysloe,—}lAGyE Alin Co., Itimittly ,•5; Byrom.-st L , 130 ATENT.BUBBBR SPECIAL!) IBS, for domestics.. purl- -- , P oees ; , better. than French catalogt4e... on application:- 4s N 94 413 T ER N OVELwX •MANUFACTURING CO., ~ C4r.on Manchester. . .

STIi.ONG INCANDES.It'IMT :Gas Mantles, Eis. eAchpo guaranteed no infritgement, 60 aanale horse powee, white light.—aTelt INC:4I4DESCENT Co. 30, Jersey-street, London

DILSENER 'LAGAR, 4 per doi, Imperial pints ; '33. per 1_ doz. reputed pints ;bottles extra; Parrhige paid both vvitys In England and WaIes.—IMPERIAL LAGAR BRUWERY,' Brittlit Tottenham. • , • •Ir , . Am BIMINI-11,e, Lewis' patent Sanitary Cover fpr mse,tin bediVonis. redomtnended by Doctors, Nurses, arid this " Lade& ."' 2s,' 3d. par pair;ykost free, prepaid frotlV' BLOW, St:'AllSims. 4' • • ' iIt.OVIiRgidENT PAINTED WATERPROOF CANVAB..-r• k_N Suitable for Coven/1g Buildings, Carts or anything you desire to keep dry; 20s. per cwt.—HENRY liouiNsoN, Oeneral ihiM'Ahsfik:l4reittisskx.. DAEGAIIkr. liyonti".COrdedi SISk thstinby urgent). 1) Lady offers magnificent 7 guineas length •15 yards for 355. ; approval tree, or call. —MADAM, 17, Elm Grove,. r Brook Green,:hotOon W.

• IiNTLISMKIVS. MACKISTOaHES.—doatts, 53: 11d. :44- 'veiiiess Capes', Te. 6d: Patterns; rices, Itheastrernent iorrne on applicatron.—HOßSON & Co., Manufacturers, 126, Market btreet. Manchester.

E, ,STAI3I,.ISHED 1875--Assorted Crates SeeOnds -Uarthen- ware and China:sos. and Upwards. ' Prices 'dtl' aptili- 'en a toi.:- W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works; • off Clayton-St., Longton. btaffordshire. ,

1 OHN, LOWB. Finland Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has OR 1 efi SA.LB Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and ' others ;.flew aud Second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from ' —3B. -Albertitreet. King-itieet Wait, Manchester. . , . ,

H— • • _ . 0310 EißWlNG.—.l3tiya' Plain Suits, 21 • earned weet4, , .through paroehr., poet% ;Persons •• required. 'Patterns.. and instruction book, 6 stamps; Many ,advertisemetits ruts- lead, this' is,genuine.—Witant, Sav,lieteiTu..Dee'Oury.,. ,x ; ,

G.°vERNIIII.NT TENTS, Suitable for cricket lawn'tennis, bithing'or garden purpbses, 40 feet in circumference ; 'pure villitee All complete 218. elich. -Money returned if not appm ed. Carriage paid.—HENRY RoßaisoN, Tent Works, Rye, tiussex.

VOIL LAZI. Liuen liqual pa China.-rA,. Dever-failing ..12., receipt. which will impart a beautiful glpss to cellars, cuffs,.sbirt-fronts. &c.;, will be forwarded to any addresi3Oh receipt of six penny _stamps.—Address,Mdlle.,l),;Ax44E ,(late of Paris), 17.hage-lanl Liverpool. ' • '

_ TIFCANDBSCENT - GAS • BURNERS, dozp;; Mantles IC ; lls. dozen; Mica Chimneys; ht..* ~9s. .6d. ; Byelpasc, 111.2 d. ;12s. dozen postage free, inspection iVited• Bluing Agents CRTt earn from El• , .MAstii4acibitir:Co., 'Alliance Mills (22), •Stoke NeWingfdn, 'London. rtiOTEGT YOUR GAliDliNEL—Garden setting aupplied', by 11 J.Gasson, at,4s,square yards for,loi-; dressed, will not rot if left ont. in all 'weathers: bend, py' width ;.carriage paid on sill 7' orders under .se,' •CpyrinuMer, afettiek !at 60:square yards ; hundreds of tf24o4l4,lrlaliG-7. life-nil, Jdalsokt, Fisbsng.Fleet. Rye. Sussex.. •

SPORT.—Noiseless Itabbititifles, 9e. ; Pb •ket 1tif1e5:,193.6d.; Cartridges, Is 6d. 100 ; "Boys' Own Guns," 2s. 3d.; American -Pocket Catapults, is. 3d, ; labb f3o4FUls.l;. .Bird Traps, is-3d.; Game Draw, 16. sd.; BiNa Oa), 18.411. each Guns. Rifles, Nets, Trap., Fishing kegirisites; lasts. Id. Carriage pand.- Jour EGGLESTON, Nituranst, 'Sunder-

10 PICXURE,-,FRAyE ,MAKERS AND . • DECORATAS: % . 11. MORELL,I7 and 113.Gsvit St.Andrew-SLBloornsbury, • NR.C.iI Chgsbett House in London : fpr Angllsh, and ol*lgii Pict-ure-Ftame and Nom Moulding, Veneered .and Fancy Wood lloeidings &c.,Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Monnt Cutte X.,Regilding, Special attehtion to country .isrdisrs. Full laarticulars in New Patfern Books jest -pul•- lished, 107 pages containing all themewest designs for six- penny stamps, Glass Lists Free 4tottthly., Telegram • RA BBITRY, London." . • . . . y _ADIES.----A Message for Yo a! ! ! 4h 41 calit4l of , Iriegsdarlties and Obstructions. however obstinate an , long standing, try the MIRACULOUS and nevetgalTing flemeiy. known allovr the world as DASMAIL'S SPECI- TIC. Thousands of testimbnials testifying to the,Wonder ul Cases that have be n relieved by this UNEQUAXLICD and ',MOST POWERFUL MEIPOIN,I3. A Lady writes :—" Medicine is truly wonderful: My ease was a fearfptly, , obsti- lute one." Copies of testimonials (which a”e guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt of stamped: envelope to A. DAf3MAIL, Box 376, Langsiale House, Walt- hamstow,London. Established nearly 50 years, • x •

SORE EYES • SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS I WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boili Rheumatic Pains, Sore Byes, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully cjear and healthy. Get a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for 12 stamps. from HOLDHOYD'S DRUG STORKS. °leek.; beaton, Yorks. , .LIYE STRAIN, DISTRESSING HEADACHES' i 424 indigestion, simulated neuralgia, and nervous depres- sion, are frequently caused by some peeuliarity of the vision, which can at once be overcome by the use of proper glasses; —Bee " OUR Es' by JOHN BROWNING, F.R.A.S., President of Ths British Optical Association," • (now in its Sixteenth Edition), price is., poet free; or consult free of charge.— . • 1-Nlll. JOHN BROWNING, Ophthalmic Optician, 63, 131WID. LONDON, W.O.

• lAN SALE, MANURE. Ivonits, Widnes, and Gas Woik, and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. 'LOBBING 16, Fenwiot,street, LiverPulAw:st !Lir, • • S4q, 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 6s. 6d , • Piinted*Moie Ttthisetis-,-Ibbli like etoth, 6d.—HAGUE AND Co.; ',Milted, 65, Biyartr-st4llVerpobl. ,

guaraptee,s to le.irn any One eOintiTete V Instructions, 6 stamps. Good fi'gures 'heaplgaPro- fessor BErtsd*; 77, Linaker-strear Southport. 1111 A Si Vj I, 4- S.—Jdyoers.ptty ervice in pink, J.. kreen,ligtit or 'lark blue, 40 pieces, carriage paid, only rd.. genuirie -it 11.; 75; loAIItFAX-1104D,,,Har- ringtiy, London. °IIIOOIOI, .

pLEYEL'S CRLRI3RA.TRD PYAgQi, known to all the world Li 's GREAT' Pmidis gneMusleiaiis may be ol- taiiied7thi,tfgli the 'Modal i'Atent, or dirdet•trom 170, New Bond-st... London, W, , • ,„ LIARTMINWARE "atid CHlMA.—Seconds, £2 'crates; `lti`etr, ; or 15' den ,secoiida,articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB /WI) Co., Railway Passage, Longton, Staffordshire. , FELD'S REM FDY for derangements of urinary 'organs, L' absolutely cures, not in the theory, but, in practice; 2a. ~2d. and As._ poet free.—FIELD, 34, Ferrers-road, htregham, London. Leafft free. • '

• -IVOR 4 Stamps, we send one, pair Folding tiOISSORS. arid .1-••• • ,ono 11:04114, Penknife, both Sheffield Steel, guaranteed. .perul present. together with amusing novelty catalogue.— VARIETY COMPANY. Dalston, London.

.S. BOON .TO. MOTEBBS.—Portabla water closet seats r, children (Long's Patent) suitable for use in any w.c. price is. 6d. carriage pad.!--Sole maker, JOSEthl LONG, 12,Velle Vue Road, Cinderford, Gloucestershire. x

RATA 1 RATS 1, --Large swarms immediately exterminated by new genuine method ; non-polsoridits ; harmless to poultry; Port "free. .Is. 61.—C 11 A MEER- LIN. 177. Great College-street, London, N.W.

H 9318 IP4PLOYMENT.—EI a week can be easily earned byleither aex by using the new Premier Knitter ; will knit stockings, socks, combinal ions. Bm. For particulars apply to B. koTIAWW.LI.. 1, 3 and 5, Market-at., Bolton.

VICXRBIA: and till 'SKIN DISBASIIS are speedily and effeetlyeenred byte fe*Applications of SOSIDERMA. It gireirinetant relief. Price 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. pest free.— Julpjrticsar. JA.ups 4,ND SFEvytiv, 51, Bath-street, Jersey.

O, 000 HRLMIITS.--Wbite or Dark 81ue.,. Cork 4 ...Lined, and Ventilated all parts. As used by Officers in, India, Will send one, any size, post free for 9 sta RI J. GkSSorr, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex. '

I,l2olills.T647AoTrEetPllcrgFaZlE6lEtTSw. wide, sl.on.g.ver3yft. strong with brass eyelet-holes; cost four times the money. Post free from 111 r. Jomt Galleon. •Government Contractor. Bye, Sussex. • •• 4 NEW PATENT RUBBER SPECIALITYFCS for domestic purposes; English manufacture ; for 3s. 6d. postals will send six specal sample.; largely in use; catalogue on application. --M.eatcnEsrza NavrELTZ Co., Clayton. Man- chester. „I I • " *

A RGENTE. silver-plate cleaner and restorer. clop:pits pure lA. silver on all .plated articles,instantly makes worn forks. spoons. (vets, lamps. as new ; invaluable to cyclists; Is. from all efiernists, or E. MYLREA, 39;• Poynings-road, LohdOn, N.

_ SOLD, Lancasters celebrated photo- -150,000 graphic Cameras. Ac., for Amateurs or Professionals. MADICHESTER-AGENCY is at 71, Oxford-street. (AllSainta!). Lists .free. Second-hand cameras •bought or exchanged', • , „ _ _ _ T 9 LADIBS., Fexasks Irregularities and obstructions quickly sqd.surelys.correcled in a few hours by a new iud simple method, which' I will send tree Oli redeipt of 'starrip4d WhvelOpe:—Mr. O S. MLRTYN, O Bishopsgate With- out, 'London. . : .• • x A -01iAtTiltel, DItES 'LENGTH' of deven.yardl; double IL-1 Width, 48 inchrwidei, 'Blue -ergo, will .be sent to any address on receipt of P.O. value 5s ; sash returned if .not approved.---fiza.rs, The Mill-street and, Globe Factories, Naitwicb.„ . . , lt/rBUICAL and 4urgfcaillubber Appliances of evei+y "(1E:8- 47i citiption. ; seMeted by experienced chemist.; best quality lowest prices. Send two,stAmps tor, new, Illustrated des- criptive Price List.—C. HANBURY and Co., 8 Pleydall-Et , Fleet-st., London.

- - - fIASKS and.NIATS. two Vats . holding. 100 Barrels each, i1..1 nearly new, well-hooped with galvanized hoops, also quantity of 140 gallon Casks, Hogsheads, Barrels, Kilderkins, ,Frifirrkinns..o;nti:enit. and samples.---, . Bil 1, , HTWELLB tOOPERAGE, fo

100 'VALIJABI;I3 RECIIIES and PRESCRIPTIONS; Household, "NfedlOßT. Toilet, Trade. Everybody married or unmarried should have a cOpy. Seventh editiorv. Now Beady, Is. Id...pnat . free, from .11 W. Glige/04Y, j4Oncion,..*.c, ,; •

IRON CHIP'OII to seat 20, ELIO ; 300. £130; 500, £2OO -Mission Hall 50 by 20, £.los;.4aolaLion .hospitals, ,ready _tiieontain.6, 12, or 20 beds; billiard ,00nia, pavilions, dro Cheapest House in the tra..le for any description iron build ing.—HAwm Ashford, Middlesex'. • x

50,000 ,PAl.sB.,Lam 01./KAINS,. 3 ysrcls long, 52 incher wide, 23. 9d ; 31 yards long. 60 inches wide, 4s. 9d.'; 4 yards long. 75 inches wide, 63. 9kl. per pair; carriage paid; money returned if not approved; tramples free. —Wk.. COTIPON., W eekday .(44:us. Nottingham.

. _ A N Improvgd Wrought Iron PENCE for co,iage and ter 4.71 race property, 2s. Bd. yard. cheapet than wood. Iron biirtiles hates. Window: grillesifernarnental pailsading, ken- nel railing, Ste.—JOHN ELWELL, City Ironworks, , heepcote- st.. Birmingham. Cpntractor to H. M. Government an the principal.Eailway Companies. . •

IVE FISH, LIVE FlSH.—Sent• for the pick Of the _LJ market. Cod, Ling, Rock Salmon, Codlings, Haddocks, is. per stone. Six stories Kits Mixed Fish, 6s. ; 12 stones, 10s. ; well taken care of. lrsne, lat Market,price. Hewless Haddocks for frrers, Is. per Acme. payable.—J. W. JOHNSTONE Pontoon, Grimsby. and faiTHENW—ARE.—Enyers are strongly ad- vised to send for price lists of Dinner Seta, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all priees. . Bpeolal,2l sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything mit as -sample. Buy direct from till Pot., teries.—S.WEse and Co.,Longton,Staffordshire Potteries. I

DRIITHERTON'S Champion MEAL for Calves, 103. 6d. 11 per cwt.. carria,qB paid to any station. "March 9th, 1896. Leigb Brow I. arm, Near Preston,-1 have during re- cent years given many Calf Meals a .fair honest trial and I can honestly say I have found none to equal Mr. John Bretherton's, both as regards quality and price. Calves fed on this Meal grow well and maintain equality, while keeping remarka.dy .free from stomachic troubles.—W. W. S: Dent. ' 'To Joux BitExitkirrox, Globe Steam Mills, Midge Hall, near Preston.

ESTABLISHI4D 75 YEARS. THB;BESTAIIING IN THE WOBLD IS . BATE'S SALVE. • Forlnatantly • Relitving Pain and CUIIING,ABS BSdBS,•,• • • - ; • BAD BREASTS, 1130ILS,• • _ BURN. SCALPS, and all SORES. NOTHING TOUCHES I3ATE'S SATAITS. . and 130 . POst Free from ' BATES, 1, REGENT SQUARE; LONDON, W.C. Please mention paper. .x

• THE atilißAT INDIAN 2s 9D. FEMALE M FDICINE. Zd 6") S. 9D: -DisbovAred by a Married Lady while travelling in the Far Bast, New'. f .ils to remove all irregularities and obstruc- tbns in two hours after all else have failed. Mrs. B- writes Your Medicine acted like a charm ,After two doses. although I had tried in vain other more ex- pensive remedies for over three months " Sufferers will avoid thtich expense by sending at ouce lig. 9d.. for a bottle of this extrairrdinary remedy. MRS. 13. A BARRINGTON, 4, Ftatberstotte Buildings, London, W.C. x

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE FOR LADIES •(Blttrrixd •or Single •, , , DASMAIL'i W SORLD-FAMED PECIFIC, The only Safe and Effectual Rem dy, on Earth for Correct- ing at Irregularities'. and Removing all Obstruction's, from irlistever cause arising. Before ordering elsewh,re do not fail to-send stamped adOressed envelove tor particulars. and then judge for yourselves. Thousands of genuine Testi- monia!s. have been received. :proving it without a noubt to be ;the-most astonishing medicine ever diecovered. and really the Ladier.'`True Friend:" Beware of Copyists—manytave re- cently sprung up. styling themseives ".Madame So-and.So " ,!* Retired Physicians. Specialists &c." They have no medical knowledge or experience. . . A. DASMAIL, • Box 412, Langdale Mime. IVAIIIHANISTOW, L'ONDON. ICst'. nearly half a Century.

WORSLEY'S LIMITED, "THE PANTHEON," GAYTIIORN, MAMCHESTER. GIGANTIC SALE. ' ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.' IMMENSE,ASSEMEbACIE: ••-•-•:t •- FUENITME BY LAMB AND GILLOWS. FURNMIRE BY DOVESTON AND OGDEN. FURNITURE BY 181311A.N AND WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL AND GARNETT. FL\RNITURE BY MAPLE AND SHOOLBRED. • IMPORTANT :NOTICE • . NATEMILY CHAT. I'.. 4 b GIGANTIC CLEARANC/t SALE. Mr. W. IL WORSLIIThat pleasdre annonnelng most Gigantic Clearance Sale ever herd in Manchester. He has signed the contract for the conversion of his enormous business b 9 a Limited Company, the, object of which is to developiangV mextend his 'illets. and to make " WORSLEY'S LIMITED"' the most Gigantic Furnishing Establishment in Great Britain. Arrangements are in progress for opening establishments epon-thesame lines as THE PANTHEON" in the Wel towns oft Lanctuildre •anrit'X'orkshire. It -is a patent feet that concerns iyhrell Operate the largest in the purchasing powers, thereby acquire the means of selling to the public at very much reduced prices, as compared with their competitors. Ibe rapidUtensfon and development of WORSLEY'S is well-known.to the citizeits of Manchester, and equally. .vellsknowai throtighovit the North of England. The business has been phenomenally staccessful, and it is to gratify Mr.- Worsley's ambitien to,Mill • 'further develop and increase the business that he- his Signed the contract tor the conversion of it into " WORSLEY's LIMITED." GREAT CLEARANCE SALE. ..--• It is deemed advisable by nil rattles concerned to hold a GREAT CLEARANCE SALE before handing the steak' over t) the new company. WORSLEY'S are prepared to make &tortuous reductions in order to"clear %the. stook, .• All the stock has been re-marked in plain figures. and at greatly' reduced.prices, Avery item througbon4 the vast building of ",,a he Pantheon," is ticketed in plain figures. so that yisiters may see for themselves ,tie enormci•is reductions. Special arrangem nts have been made to store all the purchases not required for immediate delivery, fie- of ch trge, the same to' he insured aeainst fire. Inspection is freely invited, every- thing is marked in plain figures. customers and their friends have the liberty of being allowtd to roam through the Exten- sive Showrooms of" IHB PANTHEON " by themselvee.and at the same time ,areawe to know the price of everything by looking at the ticket." 'Alrgobth al,'Marked Ihr cash, but the same can be had upon WORSLEr:4 'DEFERRED PAY- MENT SYSTEM by paying 10 per cent, extra for the con- venience. QPECIAL TERMS DURING THE SALE. All goods delivered free oi charge All goods stored until required, free of charge. Carpets and oilcloths fitted tree of Charge. •• Guarantee of 10 years to all purchasers; Goods exchanged if found in the least unsuitable or un- satisfactory. - . , wpgsutrs ViLOW CREDIT 10 ANY' RESPECTABLE * " PURCHASER. TO COUNTRY BUXERS.—The enormous patron- age enjoyed by WQRSLSY'S.,from customers. all over Lancashire, 'Yorkshire, Cheshire, the Pett'Aries; the North, the Mitilandt; and-Wales will prove hew Much is the swing effected by purchasing-at WORS'IRY'S.i 'New is the chance of a lifetime ; everybody with- any idea cf 'furnishing in the future should -visit WORSLEY'S while their gigantic Sale is in Progress. The,bargains offered, are, simpiy astounding, both , in. new and second-band goods; in fact, everythieg throUghont the :whop Of 'the via biiil4ing iSnar. ed at 25 per celat eedttetibri.' 44 A PENNY ...SAVED IS A PENNY MADE." How to save money--Waste not, want not. Don't Furbish on- the„ Hire Sytenl., with.. its extravagant high , prices, arbitrary agreements, and, despotic restrictions. For instance, suppose A furnishes lor,£100„ on the hire system with .13, ant pays B £99 in instalirteifts. but neglects to pay 13' the last In 'time tha Agr4enefit 'gifes B the power to forcibly re-take possession of the furniture, but the whole of the £99 paid is then forfeited to B ; consequently B gets both money and goods., In addition to the above disadvan'ages. the price charged is exorbitant, often 200 and ,300 per cent more .)aanTior casb..,*, a proper. ,establishment. It is high time thissYstem vitt's declared illegal. Be it khown -that at WORSLVY'S, Ti-ill PANHIEON, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. hightlass •N. w and Sectind-hand'Fil-niture May be hadat -the exect advertised. Marked (ash price, no less under any. circumstances. Also, that in cases where WU; inconvenient to pay the whole of the,. money, -down) WORSLEY'S are prepared to assist ,purchasers by allowirg the account to be paidat convenient intervals, charging only small percentage for tile Privilege. By this meant' the pur- 'chaVer knows exactly what.' he is 'clatirged for the goods and escapes-all fear and trembling as to the loss of, his 'furniture, if he happentetonitss a payment. • ' • • WOlitiLßY'S haveon, view eornplete Houses. of Furniture fnr .15. guineas,. £29, £30,, £4O, £IOJ. £250,£30, and £500,f nil particulars of which are supplied post free. ' 'PANTHEON* " iiPacketel from floor tO `v'iith countless bargains in Dining, Drawing.'Sitting, bed Room, ()filet), and Library Furnitdre Giliows, Ogefen, Garnett, &c. .4.1) pitisoss wYglys'Lllyi:)st...L.DTPlll...,RTNl.B, 11 AT, l'st A Guarantee for 10 years is given With every article. 2nd Second-hand Furniture is betteethan new. 3rd No red tepe',-thel sharpest and nkrest 'Way tb a bargain. 4411.-Wersley leant- first viherrthere 6 a bargain to be got: ' -• sth Efels.welt,known as the keenest buyer in the trade. 5 • . -6th The Largest,steok in tbf) 4).rnvinDeti., , 7th AnyArtAclv.expbangecl j, 9 t approved. , • o,s gth 'You can pfes,se yourself Whether yeti hey or rao't: , 9th boleeekpect any pay Until s'atisfietion fa Bemired, . 10th Because the PANTHEON "Is reliing way the cheati- est house in the trader " - 6rr VAS ?. visit to ' he Pant,heon," espe6lalli dming this H EnOrmoif.ti sirg: 'will prdi,e botisfruitthetiVe and remunereVfit It is the Finest Furnishing Warehouse in MancHester; has a frontage of 110 fde . tie five storeys' high, With a *Achy of over a million square feet of- skowroorns, most bi intently lit throughout with elec, ric light, has lifts to all the floors, and contains ten timrp,the,itA,Pli. Pt lurnjture of any other house in 31.0i4bester,. You can pay a visit to "Abs Pantheon,' walk though the building arid kheivtonnlt 'Willi' Reflect epmfort and'Pleature, you.nl.ed net'be natheretrivith an attendant,' y vypttlheopitrunst;gl neswt you-considertiEthdby Liberty; rthsYt iy°oa; tnepleasing rnnatE ilsi bargain,executet yourselfpleaseth,souse e o. ursd.por whetheru mrf entirelyret .hlf 1.9 ystl:oyr yeuo uiobefriar ovtlituaoeo there not. se and :ft, di oA:yljnit: d during the piesentskTe SO per cent' Will be saved on every purchase. One visit to "THE PANTHEON" will amply denifittliteatiettielreth of these eseertions. t • . TAMING-ROOM .FURNITURE„. . , Thil Department is crpwdeii dop excess with New and Seeond-hand Massive Furniture, everything is marked in p:aie figurea.and 'we confidently appeal to the Public to come and inspect the same. We have Dining-room Suites 'in solid -wocatie itholsteredell hair and covered in morocco; Sale prices price chared. ~No one co2u3ldo, cesl—£B, £1 g £l2. up to )•,-- bhonestly Wt el rtthhe tyl-iirnesepteicmteedd the wonderful Bargains that are being-.offered during the z-ale WQRSLEY'ti. We do not ask , anyboiry te a cept. these statenaents Witholit 'the ''priVilege of inspecting else- *here. Go whete'You likei See ev,rything that Is te be sten We Only wish you.to compare our stcck with 'those so egotisti- cally advertised4ry our Competitors. -We have 'Pollard 'Dial-44-room Suites complete...including Sideboa.rds, Dining' Tables, Suites, and Overmarite's•lrom £l5 to £7O. Our Side, hoerds in stock number over 250, De, iug this Sale they are- offered at from 30s. to f7O. You can , obtain a 6ft. . Solid: LthOgkrPy Sideboardler £lO thd cost quite £7l Or yOu can, Wahl ISideboard for 23 at "The Pantheon "'whin cost £20,• It you doubt these-statements call and- see-for yourself, We 'will produce • everyone, of the items, 'as advertised. You! are Only requested to eome•and.inspect tor .yourself whether' you purchase or not. We have marvellous Bargains in this' Department in Dining-room Suites, Sideboards, Dining- Tables, OVermarites, Dinner Waggons, and eery requisite, tiiedin a' Dining-room. DRAIVING-RoOM • FURNITURE. , ,Rverything that has:lvrea ,said,of the dining-room ap- plies venially to the drawinmeem, The,stock in thiB. depart-1 ment lies been inest sel, cted; there is a most brii- haul, array of the lodeliteit and frost eharmingly-designed furniture imaginable. 'The•Suites are flit upholstered iii ,the richest colours. During the Sale Drawing-room Suites. 'both new and' second-hand are being offered from £3 10s. upwards Avery handsomeiDraWingarn m Suite, upholstered in silk,' can be had for £7 10s. ; a perfect marvel of a. Suite of Bet tee.:two easy chairs, two etun over occasional chairs, and, four single • hairs, covered in the fin'st plush and silk at .2.55., a yard. may be' teciared'dming-thie sale' 226'. ' Braiding Suites in inlaid roseweod, coVreed in- Genoa velvet.' Can -bei hid r rat £lO upwards.. In this d-'n irtment • WORSLETS are offering en enormous stock of pretty-designed Cabinets, ,Suites. .overinantelte,. Tables of every description, Daven- parts and everything that is useful In the furnishing of a drawing-room at the,present day 'Everything in this de-, art merit has been re-marked in plain flotres for the Sale,arid there is a reductiohnf 25 per eent 'upon everything. ' .. • • • EDROOM' FINNITCRE. .1.) In this Department WORSLEY'S boast that they have the gr• itteSt'showin Mancheife'r. 'They have Over 300 Suites on show in-every variety' of wood, •desige, and price:' The window& in all the leading furnishing houses in London; Manchester; Birmingham. Liverpool, and Leeds have been carefully examined es te what is being,shown and the .prices .of.the same, but aftrr such examination, WORSLEY'S tons fidently arsertthal their pri Cs are' quite 33' per cent. lesa than that of any othe'r fernith ng house. They are offering during the Sale, Bedreorri Suites in solid ash, Dressing' If ithle 'enelosscl, -Chairs, Towel Rail. Pedestal,- and everything com- plete for 10 guineas; isrge_second-hind Bedroom Suitaei complete from 12 enialeas upwa ds is honestly worth£3o in fact, as lit every . department, everythi:•g, is ye-marked In plain figures, with the 25'per cent. re-' uction. call and in-, speet this immense Ptoek for yourself and be satisfied as to the tinth Of V, hatis here asserted. The ptoof' of the budding is+ thereat ing and -WORSLEY'S are quite agreeable to stand -or fall-by your deolsion. IFFICE • FURNITURE." • • • kJ In this Department the 'Reduction' it Anorrnotts, there being a lot of old-stock, whioh WORSLEY'S have determined to clear out at any price during the Sale; Desks, therefore; lhat have cost £2O each. are effered for £5, &e.. an. • , - TUISCELLANEOUS FURNITURE. . kv-L .Tremetrions Stock of Seeond hand Furnltureofa'mls cellaneous character will be cleared out at any price. We have,Ohairs on sale at 3s. sa. each, worth half a guinea,;' at 6s. 6d, worth a pound each. Easy Chairs, Couches, and Sofas at giving-away prices. We have scores of Dressers at half the usual .prices. Painted Dressers at 15s. each Mahogany Dressers from £2 Its. No such sale has ever been heldsdming the Nineteenth' Century as— • vl7 oikups GREAT CLEARANCE SALE. V •.• WEr.CONFIDENTLY. EXPECT A CHARGE • • ON WORSLEY'S FURNISHING PANTHEON., Bargains to the right of them. 13 irgains to the left of them. • Batgaisitall'around them in hundreds and hundreds. THE CHANCE OF A LIFE rzm E. DON'T FAIL 10 INSPECT • THE GREATLY REDUCED STOCK AT "THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN, DURING WORSLEY'S GIGANTIC SALE.

Oalto bp Ruttton. _ Telephone: ROBERTNo. 55. ROBERT LOWE , BnAvii AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AI:TOTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFicEs —Market Gate Chambers, ‘, Warrington . AncTiox R0031942,N0 . 1 EanleStii6eV) AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Establishe 1710. • • - Norwich and London (Accident Plate GlassFi deli ty Guar- antee and Employers Liability) Insurance Association Established 1858. ' Impe'rial Live Stook Insurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsuranoe Company, Limited . Established

• JONES AND ELSWORTH • INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, &d.,. f 57, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, • • Y- . ILLUBTRATBD . QATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty. sankpo,st Are° to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. "Particulars of property entered with- (Permanent) snal,vss4 Aal9,lgctetil..t, Advaqealniacle by 'Ova 1 puildinkSoeieties orki,isy`tertifs. 116: wliv r-cittlitiEO-nT 'CONNECTION WITH .i.DVINCEB ON GOob Fpx .isisputiginEs. Private mort- gages arranged at-lovi rites Of " m-Llphone

• TnOMA'S ,CO W DELL, _ESTATE AGENT AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. CryFIVEO AND I_,SCOTLANR-Rpap, ,c 0 Ar. rugs, ._. slwloom J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARIIINCITON Furniture on 'Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

CarriageO, baosstnerzess,Zzt 'A MERICAN SULKIES, Trotting Carts„ gigs,, Four ti Wheel Buggies, Dog Carts. etc. Weight: streilith and dtnitbility *ill' surprise you. AmEgicsk UAVRIAGE AND HARNESS Co., 90, New-strcet,

„ 0 P E R AND S 1. 1,1./M 0 Li S. COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATRR-STREIM„LIVERPOOL High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Pricci. Citoqd Stock o select from. Estimate, for Repairs given ft Thebest Work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landau.. Victoria. Wagonettes. and Pluetcs . now for Sale or Hire F attorko, 331i5i11C55t5, cu.

110 BR SOLD.—A. good MILK ROUND, with grocery, t. separate or tocether, pony and dry, reason ill _health. —Apply A,.,BETIIELL, Tamworth-street, Barlestown.

260 u ORt v egraongcluuPdrotiviui toungißifuaVenests;licSkti;c, k apnud. ated neighbourlp,od, corner thop. old eitablisheci, doing well, splendid open'ng —Apply, DRYSALTRY WORKS, 54, Dryden-street, Liverpool.

PRY, AND BE CONVINCED. Money advanced dans at I_ a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest. lower than elsewhere, ;Md. cash brought stn the house if 'preferred. letters larMtiptly attended to,— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Ohurch-street; Warrington. Private Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 amt. to 8 p.m. house. , 7 •:1-1 Is. OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN 1• - •.• • • • ' MANCHESTER. • •i' STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO o £5OO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than, usually charged. , Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No 13111 s 'ot Sale taken.—Apply or vritis ' tor terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester. • k, I ONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties publicity, or security/from £BO- tb £5,000, to ladies oe gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, fisrmers. or any responsibl 'person,in town or country (distance no object) upon much , easier terms and tower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary oarges, hatever strketlK private, prntri p‘t and. • straightfOrward' dealings gua anteed. ills discottnted,' Rea- ' pedatile borrowers elsewhere'paying the usual extortionate • loan office money lender" or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- .commodate them upon much. easier terms and lower interest , than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call_ or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, tither- land Alley, South Castle-street; Liverpool. Established 1851. , f`IELDINO'S LIMITED.—BILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIERS. LOANS - 3.. TO— Rooo. DAILY TO" ALL. 'RESPECTABLE -HOUSE HOLDERSt and tith6ti, ' ' with or without suretiesomdt3TßlCTLY PRIVATE. •• Also 'LOANS granted on 'Life =Assnrasioe •PollerbaS, ' • • • •Reverslonc. Freehold and Leasehold Property. , ,repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repaykble 7/6 per .904, 2/6 ~ £2) 10/- 210 .. • EV- $a ,f, 425 ~ 12/Q ...• , Letters with a stamp ' will receive prnmbt atth lon ' :••• • Oftive hem slO .•Satiri•day 10 to 1.• • I' • ' APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, - ,•••• -..•••— .Dlatriet Agent, • ' ••121, MERSET.STREET.• WARRINGTON.,

rinix.cßgwE.AND DisTAll,:r LOAN co., (Est. „ 1r,89). 32, CEMEWP,RY-110AD, CREWS. 4pVANCE4 CASH, from £5 Upwards on ihe shortest notice. in- &toil' Or—country'. Aisle or fOmile, upon-simple proinissory note. On Mortgage of Furniture, Trade and' Parr 'Stack. Crops, Plants. &e. Arthont•removal. Also on deeds reversions, stocks, shares and merchandise of every descrip tion, tepayable by easy,instairnsats. , Distance no object Anyone requiring money, 011, dp,,well,, before applying else. where or „paying- fees to think of this.: Surely I can dc better with a firm who have bisolii establhated in Cheshire many veirs,and devot,ng themselves to this class of buitiness than I can with 60-called "Ptiiiate money lendevs uragents with small means. Good borrowers can obtain money here on reasonable terms and quickly. Milts or call for Prospectus. s, W. JACKSON. Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. sIONEY •TO, INORBASE YOUR STOOL, • KOREY TO FURNISH YOUR.HOUSE. . MONEY TO PAY,RENT OR DEPTS. WitliOUt Dublfc einqUtry, YoUr .slinple written prernise to pay baCk.—Apply et VIC- 'TOBIN" CHAMBERS (tciot of the Central Station), WLDNRR stict Id WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, .any livening: • Applications fronaItUNCORN and District -generally receive precisely the same attention. •

MONEY: MONEY. MONEY. ApRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a loig capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. ,N 6 security required. Simply On noteof hand. Distance no object.—Appiy personally or bylletter to MANAIIER, -6, Cross Lane, Barlestown (private house).• Hours 9 it,nt..4o ,8 p.m. , Stdetest privacy guartin eed, ,13pecial terms .to Farmers; ,

Ll.. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED •(late Ormeiold Grietten, and Co. LiMited), Hulme, Matichester,,have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- ons Supply , TRNS in the trade, and are in a Positi CAST- INGS. . Millwright,. and ..a4.,41040...0t..1.1:40neering Work PraMptly. Catalogue ot wheel and Pulley patterns on appli- e.4l4on.—Jelephone 229. ,

DATENT OFFICIIt 111 A•N HAI'S TE R, • • • . • ESTABLIELTIED•IN,IB3S. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in_conhection with this Establish. ment, and possess practical knowledgeof thehotton, woollen , , and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent tali,' Price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. . GEORGE - DAVIES, C.E., it SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. -

• E.CKETT. AND-, • LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL.- . Rave in Stock .ready for immediate delivery NEW " LOCOMOTIVES With Cylinders from 10 to 16 • • diameter, ir and• 6 wheels touri'led, with , all the latest improvements. . FUR particulars on application. •

_ H 0 Al S G.R EEN & SON, LIAUTED, 1. LHEDS AND LONDON. Ma ere Tl.{. "S M I Tnutactu,,ll PIELDof" GAS. ENGINE n th, impioved Otto principle. Intending purchasers should see it before they place their orders. It Is POWERFUL, FCONOMICAL, and CHEAP. sizes in Sto k from 1 to 12 h.p. Eecond-hand ones of various sizes and patterns, and repairs promptly attended to. Also MAKERS of -TEAM ENGINES, STEAM BOILERS, VERTICAL, LOCO-TYPE, CORNISH and LANCASHiIiii PATTERNS. All Sizi s from 1 to 25 hp. We also supply CAST-IRON, MALLEABLE IRON, and BRASS CASTINGS at moderate prices to the trade and others.

MAWSON & eSTANDARD .TAILORS. NEW WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SPECIALITIES from the Leading Irish Manufasturers. . PRICES MODERATE.. NO READY MADE'S., LADIESI'AND 'GENTLEMEN'S MAtINTOBHEIS TO ORDER. • UMBRELLAS, &c. 35, SANKEY—STREET, WARRINGTON. MOURNING ORDERS EXECUTED ON THE' SHORTSST. NOTICE.

• EAL E'S GOUT . & RHEUMATIC PILLS -- s FFEEED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS- , EADE'S pus. " 30, Randall Street, Bridge Roid, Battersea, S.W., January 27, 1892. EADE'S pus. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise !ADES pILLS.. lon+introducing (mak ,a valuable Al medicine as your, Gout Pills. Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. can truly say I have never Ind anything to relieve *my pain so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two , or three months at a time, but now 'I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able' to get to work in less R• •1 than a week. My complaint HEUMATISM . is the ,worst of all Goats, . •, called, hall Gout. Yours k_IOUT truly, "W. LITTLEJOHN." itHEUMATISM Mr. (I' Bade.' ' EADE'S GOUT & • RHEUMATIC PILLS ' Prepared only by GeorgeNade, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. 10., and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT • RALIEUMATIC PILLS: THE BEST MEDICINE, FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION IS • EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of all Impurities, which, by circulating in theblood,. Injuriously affect the action of. the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of so much discomfert restore the vital energies of body and mind. EADE'S ANTI BILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. EADE'S ANTIBILIQUS PILLS • . .

ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB: RAILWAY ACK)IDENT6. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY TEE 7. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' , ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISIIith 1849. CAPITAL £1:006;000: COMPENSATION PAID £3,600,000, • • , , 64, CORNHILL LONDON. , A. VIAN, Secretary.. • AGENT:- . . Mr. C. J. 11114 LAMBS PI Mr. W. HAUG- BY, iffe. Victoria Road Latchford. ~ . St, .... . „.Mr. J. B LEACIL Hardahas44t'reet linutsford" Mr. AR ED W.- CUTTER Sindbadi ' Mr. R.FINLOW.Rookery, Bridge -t; 'l. • ,a ' • , 4 31421 •• ' • • . - CHESTER . AILORING:,„ . Lcaltm Diro mutiNce,r9Nll . A-VEtcovir, EE4J I for the,ineppetiO a they, ~.n9por9,B,cuistozirr,l!, -a larger Coq,ccticn thaß civerpt EIV Srinx6 N NOTWITHSTANDING THE 'GREAT ADVAItiCE IN ;.,W CE OF WOOL' (FULLY 10 PER CENT.) THE M.O.D. HAVE BEEN ABLE,' TO PLAGE • ' LARGE CONITACT.• ORDERS VITOLD, PRICES. .!‘ .• . • This advantage being .offeredsto all pirichasers, A SAVING OF 10- PER •'CENT:' • May be effected by entrusting orders for •CLOTHING, EARLY with the M.C.D. THE M.O.D. will forward, on receipt of Post Card, their LATEST 'PATTERN' CONTAINING OVER 400 NEW SAMPLES FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. .• . . . „ • ONE OF THEIR ASASTANTS WILL ALSO ATTEND FOR THE PURPOSE OF MEASURING AND TO TAILE ORDERS FOR ANY CLASS OF GARMENT . REQUIRED. • . . . , • ALL CLOTHES ARE THOROUGHLY SHRUNK . lnr. • c GARMENTS WELL • _MADE- • • - • ' • AND 'TRIMMED. PERFECTIPIT GrAVANTEED. • AND , THE EXTRAORDINARY. VALUE, • . —l4".‘. ORDER At MADE TO kiRDER At the following prices, CANNOT BE EQUALLED .IN MANCHESTER OR LIVERPOOL. trd

rri • 14E BELFAST 'HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, ' of BELFAST and BALLYMENA. LINEN and DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, beg to inform their former, Patrons and the Public generally that their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, IS NOW ' OPEN with a! JOMPLETE STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DA e ASK TABLIsCLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETI N GS. PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-HANDKERCHIEFS, also G KNILE- MEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS. and LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTH- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of whicb they will SELLat Bona-fide MANUFACTURERS' PRICES, All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No cue importuned to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SO LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS. utftN: OF BELFAST, • 76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, We 'SritsittS,Voin BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITARDEW_.; Lis'siTtrnr, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBUP"' LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS, &C. "• ' 'As a General Family Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S ILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. Heads of households should always have a box by thell, :Tsicirt to (Misty slight occasion of ailing on the part of tM under their charge, as by paying attention to the reef; action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels, many a severe EID7f is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vie, toll;te different secretions, causing the necessary organs of If, Stomach and Liver td resume their activity, thus restorM' the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do /lot!! persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine Wet.'" Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, Seymour PlO6 London. W. • REAL CHESHIRE CHEESE.

SEE " NEXT WEEK'S E XAMINER " PPR .A . . • 11. NEW TALE ,cy ABSORBING 'INTEREST, BY THE AUTHOR .OF "THE DOUBLE LIFE." ENTITLED:— " THE SUNDERED HEARTS ; og " W . iI.TT AR OF THE OUS.EHOLD' COMMENCES OATURDAY, AUGUST 22ND. SEE wr . 7-,-1 • • IA EXT,o V V EEK'S X.AXAMINER." TO BE HAD OF ALL NEWSAGENTS. PRICE ONE PENAY. . •

"' ':•THO' -EX A NI NEU, , . SATURDAY, AUGUST 15th 1896.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WASH-DAY DESPATCHHS. /ia"ring the time to which a Letter can be posted With Ordinary Postage, and with an lixtra Halfpenny Stinup.

Wfta Or- 1 OLtsary Postage UP tO 1 ,-......_ I

Newton. le-Willews• Widnes, Appleton. Farnwort Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook. Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury, and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchord Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock port, Buxton. Y rkshire North- umberland, Durham. & S.-Bast Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western Counties, Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and treland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widaes, Newton. and Runcorn Manchester, 8.-Bast Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West of Eng- land. Yorkshire. Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland. Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wrexham, Llandudno. & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield ' reston Broo Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and -van Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery. Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St. Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester' Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire own Delivery Preston, West Cumberland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasv.ow Night Mail Despaseti. All Parts Loition. Midlands, S.-Eastern 3, South Counties. & Foreign

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. REAR OFFICE ... ... ... ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER ... ... ... ... Mr. James Jordan Hours of J Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. ktte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to , 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. tioney Order and Sayings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. •(-441CXL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, ~ 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. 'ATTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.II

LADIES DISPENSABLE TO LADIES' arP tieularly thOSO who desire a quick safe and reliable remedyfor ell obstructions and irregu- larities, a medicine whieh mires (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair as the most obstinate &hopeless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your invaluable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopeless- ness." A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with all testi- monials and medicine. One package at 4s. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit ElOOO for every testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to- -71111.A.73.M E F'III, 111111DICAL INSTITUTE. HACKNEY ROAD (OPPOSISII liheredlich Church). London. R.U.

LIST OF DESPATCHES. Swing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wist of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Present, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenliqad, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and South Wales Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, GoThorne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESpATCHES. BY) „ I All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HoUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXER ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

POLISHING—A PLEASURE! WILL NOT .94 S -.s. TEPHENSON'S FINGER 4.04 ' ,-..‘ ~ MARK. 46. FURNITURE k.:...,:.::::,w_ CREAM. $ .. _....---t-fi,..,.'7,----ff--.---..4- .„,',,:,,;!,„::::',-',.1 '• - :.5..: ... ,' - :-: .-.'-..-• - : ..;:-''' " 11. ::•,:. A ..... ~•-•• • .-.:-........,:: . . ... ?.,-g--__-.:-...:10-.4rdel---__. ';'---77'-ri-------.q.',4-1--....-- ,-,t--•,..--„,,- / ,'•, 45 -`-;._-,-, '=----_.- -17' 4c,:,,:5" ::-' ,s• •- :••• :;•:-./...1:-• soid by Chemists, G racers, and Iroilmongers. Bole Pi oprietora, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD

lb-OEM-NG HOUSE— WEEK-DAYS. *Rarlestown • 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m. tinl3-011TICES - . *Ashton -20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. Collins Green ...... 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. *Golborne -15 a.m. and 8 p.m. Lowton 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. Stubshaw Cross 6-30 p.m. "(hayrick 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 pan. *Wargrave -40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also WALL BOXES— erow Lane. Newton.- 10 a-Tn.,2 and 7 p.m. Newton Common 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station, 5, 10 a.m.,, 12 noon, 2 & (Newton Bridge) 7 p.m. 'Preston Junction— 6-40 p.m. . Church-st„ Golborne. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. Legh Street. „ 9-30 a.m. and 7 p.m. Lowton Chapel B-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Lowton Common 6 p.m. (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. 7 p.m. Vulcan Village Burtonwood 9-30 a.m. (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-0 Mces at the cam time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:— I To I By I Callers. I Postmen.

Rngland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign 7.0 a.m. _l4ondon and the South rradsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S. -Bast Laneishire, 10.45 „ Yorkshire, Durham. Northum- „ beeand, and Lincolnshire %,bester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, Soutl3port,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- 11-4 b kirk, Widnes, & Barlestown ....4,andon, Foreign, and the South ,z4idiand Counties it South Wales l2-0 4-reston, North Lancast'te. New Wlon-le-Willows, St. Helens. and 1245 p.m ...Chester Vinchester London awl Foreign, South, S - 2-lb „ Eastern, and Minland Counties "Aacashire. liuncorn, Crewe. Ches- ' 3-15 , ter, Wales, and Ireland tilasgovr, Preston. Wigan, Man- , Chester, 13,1t0n. Chaster 5-30 p.m. -London and F.reign, South, S.- Eastern, Midi tntl, Northern, 6-45 „ Rastern Counties, & Lancashire 'Croft, Pad mte. Wooiston, Stockton Heath, and Stratton B-30 London & Foreign, South, and 6-1 Butern Counties 9-15 „

minims. ............0? 11‘iamm.-1111111C LIM , E-JUKE Supplied to the . Tagyainauseitaid. 4 Cillirill.°.° jLo 11111111.11? 41 coo/ J , No Musty Flavour. Ask your Grocer for Free Sample. To be obtained from LEWISME Co., Grocers, Widnes.

• • ) _ • _ ,-----.,. THE jOH N: N-DiNt ...t- ,-..--- - _ _ _ . MODEL COSTUMES:- , • _ DEFY ALL WEATHERS S WD -----..--- -.---....,,,,----- ----„..---z„,,, • ~,,,-i--it. ,_- , .. ~., .- -.-‘ . , ..,... __, • ;.,,-,:-..-, -.- ...- -.77- - •,-.,':'? WRECK OF THE .c.t _ ::' 4,- •-•#,,„::::.,.. ....r.- ~ •• , .. ,-•• 4! " ELSE." \ s • ~,,,,,. 5„...., _ .:„. __ - ._ • ___ ~ A ,i, 4#:i , ~.,-,. 6,,,,..1..vw7,i ne Lady 9nly, tingived ....... this awtul dimmer, (Miss. - --- - -- --=---- - - - ;!, 2:c :- BISCKInt). She was wear- .._,.. ing a JOHN NOBI. ;',-• ' - _ ,-___,,,- Z..-----'.---*". ---- --. .s f...,° 'lf v •-• -.4.- CHEVIOT SERGE COSE- '-'---,::------_,- .... ----!7- -- _ ' --;--- - -----'---- : "--- -----_-, _: - -„-•.:**.:.---. i dk*. TUME which looked little ' - •-•:----..---.,- --17 - ~,- • ' -s- - ' • -- - - .' '..s . •-•S;t, •''', ' worse afterlong innnereion In the Sea. For SUMMER HOLIDAY WEAR orfor ANY WEAR ANYWHERE, in any Weather. THE JOHN NOBLE MODEL COSTUMES Ready Made and to Measure, are pronounced by the Public and the Public Press, in one clear voice, to be ABSOLUTELY the BEST VALUE in the WORLD. Scientifically Cut and thoroughly Well-made and finished in John Noble's own Factories- they are supplied in the following COLOURS: Black, Navy, Brown, Bronze-Green, Myrtle, Electric, Ruby, Cinnamon, Fawn, Grey and Petunia. MODEL 4;8. MODEL 469..117' Is a particularly Is a very Captiva- Smart Costume ting Coat and Skirt consisting of Sty- Costume, Tailor- 11th Bodice and full made and finished 'IA 6 CI& wide Skirt, trim- in John Noble's med fine military best style. The _ iN\I .. ~ 1 f braid and fancy Co a t 001 h a ving 1 016 , Pri c e I un usu- ',, ally h plete. Car'iage neat revers 46 , ._ _ J........ 9d. extra. annerd s. square jll codre- / iv "'"""'" A Great Variety Skirt. Price corn- -01 Costumes plete, only zo/6. are shown in John Sent carriage paid ? ~v 4) , Noble' s latest for od. extra. Fashion Volume Patterns &Illus. • , ~ '' , trated Fashion ,/ 1 i 1,„ / '•,/,, ~,, us- " NEW DRESSES Sheets post free. .Y , ' ;,, FOR A Full Dress i , , , 1. , /, , EVERYBODY." Length of the • ; ' , World , /, sent post free to famous /fp it;; / / all applicants, to. Jo h n \ t, tif .t gether with Pat-- Nob 1 e7/6 / I 1 f r terns of the John Che v iot 1; Noble Che viot Sergesent Serge. for 7/6. Car. gcl ex. N.B. Ordinary Stock sizes are 34, 36 and 38 inches round bust, under arms, the Skirts being 38, 40 and 42 inches long in front; Special sizes made to measure for 116 extra. Please mention this paper. Cheques and money orders should be crossed " London & Midland Bank," and made payable to— JOHN NOBLE, LTD., Brolk.st. MANCHESTER. ,

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S pima. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism s'lould immediately EA.DB'S IJILLS. have reaourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADB'S puss. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE'S TILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pus. worstcases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, EttIiUMA.TISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT. PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest reoommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-orescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds. May 211 d, 1894. HEUMA 111 S "Dear Sir.—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RH B UMAT IS It Th.er nxaitc wassprin I ghad another u y a atae persuaded GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM smiLebewinhgenlar have again. he Illevaeart GOUT pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RH EUM A. TISK directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT (3rOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM e Wishing ne 1 you every g tamaEceedesada dress). Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 94. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOBWELL-ROAD. B.C. Ask for and be sure you, obtain BADE'S GOUT AND RHHU MATZO PILLS. EAD_EI-S PILLS.

DIASTASED FARINA FOOD. A New and Very Superior Food for Infants, Delicate Children and Invalids. The great desideratum of a Food for Infants, Delicate Children. and Invalids, is easiness of digestion, simplicity of preparation, and power ot restoring strength; for these perrposes DIASTASED FARINA le superior to any other fool Sold by all Chemists, 46 per Tin. MANUFACTURER. I Falcon Works E. Beanes `',‘,Ae,. TRADE MARK. ELBlokflude:nW' , Lick

LADIES BEST FRIEND LADIES I\TADAME DR. LILLY'S FEMALE 4s. 6d. LADIES ill MEDICINE Post LADIES - Free. LADIES " ORIJSOSO." 4s 61.; Post Free LADIES RAPIDLY REMOVES OBSTRUC- 4/(i LADIES /TIDES, HOWEVER Post LADIES 013oTINATE. Free. LADIES LADIES THE ONLY POSITIVE REMEDY. 4/6 LADF ES T° my sex who require a positive Post LADIES and never-failing remedy for Free. LADIES all ladies' requirements, speedily 4/6 LADIES removes all ohstracttons and irreg- LADIES ularities, especially in difficult and Post LADIES long-standing cases ; never fails to Free. LADI 14. S have the desired effe^t. A few doses 1 LADIES generally sufficient. No case con- 4/6 LADIES sidered hopeless when you have this Post LADIES remedy. Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO." LADIES Regt. Trade Mark. 4/(3 LADIES " Orusoso" is pleasant to take Post LADIES and will not injure the most deli- Pree. LADIES cate. 4s. 6d. (Post.) sealed. , LADIES It has proved the • Ladies' Best 4/6 LADIES Friend" in thousands of cases. Post . LADIES Delay not, but send at once. Free LADIES Address in confidence. LADIES A. G. LILLY, 35, COLSTON- 4/(3 LADIES STREET, BRISTOL. Post LADIES Illustrated Special Guide. Free 2d. Free

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taki, fuscous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, &c.' from whateve cause arisin-,. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope o” receipt of two stamps for postage A. J.LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street, London. W.O

..1/4oNevis...NoisoNbrnholidmhomh,".,m6m6f4k • Orchard's Cure for Deafness -1 A • r • SAFE AND HARMLESS. HAS CURED HUNDREDS. .11 2" NOW I CAN HEAR THE BIRDS SING."r 3 SlR.—Your "Cure " was worth a Sovereign to me. ir ('could not hear the Church Bells ring, now I hear theli :Birds sing, & return thanks. G.T.BERNARD, Marlborough.r Mid. per bottle, Free by Post for 15 Stamps, from „17, or EDWIN .1. ORCHARD, CHEMIST, SALISBURY. Ate"iIOINIOVINIONIONSOINIONsMONOMONiinik•

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Eripeotally to those who wish to know of LADIES 10 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES TO all irregularities and obstructions. a LADIES remedy which under the most trying TTOO circumstances and in the most ,difficult LAMES and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES RELIEF, TO LADIES GENERALLY IN A FEW HOURS. TO No case hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible. as Mrs. Snow. of Denmark LADIES TO Hill, Camberwell, writes: LADIES ,TO "By adapting your treatment my LADIES LADIES TO at wn xe ettyy- f oaunrdh o umrsis,e ar yl t owuagsh foovre or v e rwti hrt h ne TO mon, hs I had been daily taking pills and LADIES TO other things in vain. Hall the quantity LADIES TO you sent proved effective, to my Intense LADIES oy.and surprise A " TO sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES TO expen-Ive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by LADIES TO post, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any LADIES case. TO Full particulars will be gl idly forwarded LA.DiES TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES TO envelope. LADIES TO write privately to— Mrs. M. M. M., LADIES TO 145. STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON. SW LADIES IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES. Valuable and never-f ,illag remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obstinate or long-standing, and never fail to bring about the desire I effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases ; as they are without parellel in medical science ; have saved thousands trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price nat.—Qtr./J.IF En CHEMIST, 201, Great Ancoats-st., Manchester. - • T CIW LE's PI.NPIS,I4,OEYLAL PILLS FOR FEM ALES. QTTICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITEINI, RIIMOYZ ALL ourrnucrroNa, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes, WI Is 2/9 (the latter contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists, or will be sent anywhere, on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by the Maker— K. T.TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham. Bewars of hnitations, injurious and worthless. _ ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and PAtent Medicine Venders throughout the World:or sent to any adslress for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAROLA.Y & SONS Londion. and all the Wholesale Houses

fl These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam of Co- paiba, Cubebs or Injections, and the same cure diisnealesB without 4/6 of all Chemists. Or post free, WILCOX & CO., 83, Mortimer Street, Great Portland Street, LONDON, W.

(4) Sparkhill Cycle Co. ...e7..`ki'ir:sr-S\'\ SPECIALITt'S ~ sIRENGTH,LIRTNESS,CHEAPN (ef*, I I, \AI , ..,_,'„ •

BENSON'S ENGAGEMENT RINGS IN HALF-HOOP, MARQUISE, GIPSY, AND ALL OTHER DESIGNS, SET WITH BRILLIANTS, RUBIES, EMERALDS, PEARLS, SAPPHIRES, OPALS, TURQUOISE, ETC., ETC., ETC. 5,000 IN STOCK TO CHOOSE FROM.

J. W. BENS N, 11.11 the Queen's Jeweller, Steam Factory: 62 64 64, 7...UED01423E9E MEAL. AND AT 82, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C., and 25, OLD BOND STREET, W., LONDON.

PURE IRISH LINER: IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen, IRISH LINEN Goats' size, 36. Hemstitched, 4/11 per ducen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. TRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozek ; made spec;al to patteag, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FIER' NAPKINS, 2/6 and 316 per dozen. DINNER rAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L MEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Hueliaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. 'IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND 5 EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Sragth, Du,rab,ility, i I and Style. Please say f for Ladies or Gents li ear. IRISH LINEN ' PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. , G. R, FIUTTON & CO. LARNE, IRELAND.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C)-(EST, VV ITII a prudent use, has saved many a ; an4l yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a mare simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others migln be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.— 01,server. C ocKLos FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

"Half a Loaf is better than No Bread" If it is made with the famous ( " 6 D•e•L YEAST. The DISTILLERS COMPANY, Ltd., Edin- :':.\ \ \ burgh, invite Shopkeepers to sell their Yeast, and Bakers and Householders to •.,,‘, k, • / -ti: ///, // \ ''';',.\\%.4. • • ~, . , 1 ',`` • N-* • I ~,l'i'''' ''..', is , , / ~._. use it. Absolutely pure and unequalled V / , :,,,...., '.., /// /,:,..:: for Loaf and Fancy Bread, A-..:.,-,-,,,i ~,---, Tea Cakes, Buns, 45cc. ,„,,t,„Of , ' ' •\ ' ',.,,, ,/,, ~-.-- . - ~ .----..-:43:-* i D C L' Note the A n C L•P • . Brand. ws 2

1 ‘ii. * • / ..' ' P')- Id , iS 2 ~ ,_ N.* OINT':',N ''.- :'' NT , , Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZ A, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS, BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Sim • Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LON-OCM

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. EPPS'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BOILING AN %TER OR MILK.

COVERNMENT ARMS, ACCOUTRE- MENTS, CLOTHING, STORES, &o. Government Clothing:—Great Coats, ;/6; Scarlet Tunics, 1/8 ; Jackets, 1/1; Grey Capes, six° ; Glengarries, id. ; Waterproof Hoods and Cpes, sod. Police Clothing:—Great Coats, 5/6; Trousers, 1/9; Leggings, 2/- ; Lanterns, gd. ; &c. Arms as actually used by the French during the Franco-Prussian War :—Cbasse- pot breech-loading Rifles, 8/- each; Swords, with brass handles and steel scabbards, s/.; Lances, 41-; Navy Boarding Pikes, 2/7 ; &c. British Government Camp Equipment: —Army bell Tents, 40-ft. in circumference, with pole, pegs, peg mallet, and x-in. lines, in bag complete, ready for use, 17/6 each ; Brown Army Blankets, 7-ft. by 5-ft. 8-in., 1/6; Waterproof Sheets, 3-lt. by 6 ft., 216; Mess Tins, d.;3 &c. British Government Harness: Heavy Cart Harness, Lx 15s. 6d.; Clear Harness, Li is.; Trooper's Riding Saddles, complete, 12/6 each; Bridles, 2/3 ; Head Collars, x/9; Leather Surcingles, 2/3 ; Nose Bags, ventilated, complete with buckle and strap, 3d. ; Sce.. New Harness:—Full-size Gig, complete, £3 is; Dent, Hogskin, Riding Saddles, complete, Zs 5.;5 hc. Curtains, Carpets, &c.:—White Lace Curtains, 3-yds. long, 50-ins. wide, 2/4 per pair ; Carpets, 2-yds. by 3-yds., 3s. each; Rugs to match, Id.; fac. g Illustrated Price Listfree tut alylicatiost t.tzti: JARDINE, Nattingharrt.

J. FAMILY BUTCHER, 69, LBONARD-STREBT, WARRINGTON. FRIMB ENGLISH BRIO, ;MUTTON. VEAL AN PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All orders promptly attended to and delivered when require

" ATTENTION " ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Pubbiehy Priess, hot tta rt.! can purchase a RUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it Is wort', your While to ignore the many chesp and nasty aporog!es ler Cycles now on the market. Buy a RUDGE or WHO - W ORTH, and save the endless sums for repas which. the purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bensters teCang always necessitates, not to mention the risk of life WO/ limb, attendant upon a rider of a crock. Guarantees tram. many agents, and makers ar, not wort?' the paper they are written upon, so many people•in the Cycle Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guirarstee of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORT.V• By Baying RUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Good Discount for Cash, or on oar New Rosy Par-Rent System. RUDGE-WHIT WORTH, LIMITED (Rudge Cycle Co., Lt., and Whit worth r'yele Co., Ittij) Works—COVENTRY and 13i RMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVERPOOL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET. To LADIE3. MACKENZIE'S FEMALE -MEDICINE Will positively remove the most obatin.ste Obstructions,' Irregularities, &c., from any cause in twelve hours. Guaran- teed the most powerful and Ltrongest upon e rth. Failure is, impo:s‘ible. It acts like magic in the most long standing and Intricate obstructions. Ladle- will save time, trouble and. expense by coming to an f, p •rience I SpeeaUst at first. Pot tree, ender cover, securely paeke,i, wi It full direefions and advice (4s. 63.) FOUR StIILLINOS , SIXPENCE, WITH WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF CURE. Mrs. L., of High-st.. Morley, near Leeds, writes :—" One 45. 6.1. packet cured me tt• er Mr INV'S' anxiety of mind, and after I had tried no less th .n five different so' called remedies. My sister recommended me to you, and she la equally enthusiastic. Several I.dies have told rue the"' have always been cured'by yon when other fi-ms failed." Send at once tor 100 paged Book of Particulars and Testi- monials. which are sworn oa oath before tier Majesty's Com- missioner for oaths to be true and genuine. All open to in- spection and £l,OOO given to any charity if one is proved set genuine. Advice willingly free. Mrs. B. MaCKENZIII, Trafford House, 83, Dawes-road, Fu.kam. London., S.W. Avoid Imitations.—Worthless and . naurious. Please men- tion tide paper.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DRNTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the 005 t fo worTEETH. Gold and othr fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D , also Lady Attendants, TEETFI. Painless lixt,r,Nroauss hitherto by the* TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,C00 gallons weekly. Mors. of the late J. H PARKINSON (DF2rrin BY ELL'at.) MANCHESTER, 46, MO,SLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CUURCII-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TL ESDAYS, at Mrs. MIMI- WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SiNKEy-Erk RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BItIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST •

E. ESSENHIGH, MANCHESThR-ROID, WARRINGTON. Architectural and Monumental Sculptor and Designer. Tombs, Landings, Monuments stml Heal Stones, in liarb/e. Granite and Stone. Estimatris given.

MARRIAGES. POWERS—GRIFFITH.9.—August Ist, at the Parish Church* Warrington, by the R v. it R. M. Hutt, William Edward Powers to Margaret Potter GriMtha. WHITE .-GRAHAM.—August 2nd. at the Parish Church. War rington, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, William, James White to Margaret Ellen Graham. HOLNEFS—Pormt—August 2r41, at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the Her. F. W, Willis, Nunes Hort-nos tD Mary Jane Potter. BENSON—HANKINSON.—Aaguat 2nd, at V...e Parish Church. Warringt,n, by the Rev. P. W. Willis, Edward Benson t° Ellen Wilkinson. MASICILL—BRoADmmsT. --August 3rd, at the Parish Churchii Warrington, by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt, Edward Maska to Harriet Br.iadhorst. KANSEY—OWEN. .Auguat 3rd, at the Parish Church, W 51:„. rington, by the tier. H. R. M. Mutt, John Kinsey Mary Ann Owen. PEAT ITS. ---- Itioßiyarr.—July 31st, at Blackhorst-st., Warrington. 12'1541 Ann Riordan. ageti 42 years. TWA CHADWICK.—JuIy 30th, at Dallam Lane, Warrington, Chadwick. aged 28 years. JACKSON. August Ist. at Knutsford Road, Warrington, Jane Jackson, aged 5 years, CLOUGH.—August Ist, at Bank Quay Cottages, Warringt°11. Jane Clough, aged 77 years. Bate. BATE.—August 4th, at Chureh-st.. Warrington, Eara-l' aged 76 years. e 10 BRADLEY.—August 4th. at James' at., Warrington, Bradley, aged 9 years, ..,40134 DILIWORTII.—August 6th at Manchester Road, Warn". Alice Dilworth. :.ged 52 years.
