===== 0002601_18960321_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
O REGISTERI'D FOR 84 TRANSMISSION ABROAD.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
iPARILLA.

ly y )13 kayo L. wa.*

)erty good &AN, )orough. e Hood's luc: t) Hood's

by pest rder. b

DACHE.

1 receipt nv Hill,

resented a ,here have on of the Harrisor , H. Doyle, !Ass Hilda

Areh 4Tri. r&ItS- AND

be cost for

r the aid

I. Mims

KKR Y-ST

11111 T-ST

Church. mmhall to

o Pariah 'mem Pair-

tow of the

irrtngton.

on. Ellen

arrington.

n, Annie

nes Wall,

zn. Mary

who died

l asleep oil

who (Ilea

nates sent 3 in stoolc. Wreaths. 1 flowers. ming and

=

& sey-stre4o' oria-roacb itreet, .-311230

===== 0002601_18960321_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
G 0 LF, GOLF, GOLF.

FOItGAN'S' CBLRBRATED CLUBS. REDUCBD PAGE LIST. JANUARY. 1896. AGENT :- HENRY WHITTY. 15, BASNNT I -STREET. (Opposite G. H. Lee's). LIVRItPOOL, Telegraph: Fish,ng, Liverpool." Telephone 5,611.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18960321_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
p APER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 11000• HE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWBEY STREET

===== 0002601_18960321_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
COLOURED LIMELIGHT

FOR BALLS. ENTERTAINMENTS, &c.

As Supplied to the Scarborough Exhibition, 'Season 1895 (Re-engaged far 1896) ; "Negro Nomads" Premier

Amateur -Minstrels (eight years); and the Pantomimes. Also SINGLE THEATRE and OPTICAL LANTERNS, GAS CYLINDERS &c., at WHOLESALE PRICES. _ _

Why not GO DIRECT to PRACTICAL MEN instead of being humbugged by people who deal in musical instruments and spyglasses?

ESTIMATES FREE.

CARTER AND CO., LIMELIGHT SPECIALISTS,

4, AUBREY-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, MARCH 21, 1896

===== 0002601_18960321_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
gPbtplatng o.otttts.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IBOOTS. I I SHOES. ~••••••••=1•••

G-. THIERRY'S SALE OF WINTER STOCK

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.

, 55 BOLD STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
J. AND W. DUTTON

RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCE THAT ON

TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY NEXT,

MARCH 24n1 AND 25Tu,

AND FOLLOWING DAYS, THEY WILL

MAKE THEIR

FIRST SPRING SHOW

===== 0002601_18960321_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
OF ALL THE

LATEST NOVELTIES

TRIMMED MILLINERY,

MANTLES,

16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

COSTUMES, AND DRESS MATERIALS.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW REGULATION POST CARD WITH PRINTED HEADING,

FROM 3/9 PER 1,000.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., Bzwair STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18960321_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE ONE PENNY

GrUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from

B. NN.INGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRING-TON. Also Sole Agent for AN OLO-BAVAEIAN AM ER ALE. WARDLIVE3 HOREHOUND RUH

===== 0002601_18960321_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
By rani le, 'ad per Quarter, 65.6 d. per Ant.um 10.9 d. per Quarter eredlt

J. GRANT,

WHOLESALE CABINET, FURNITURE, AND DOMESTIC WOOD MANUFACTURER, &c., LYTHGOE'S LANE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF MANUFACTURES.

TABLES—Dining, Square, Round, Kitchen, Snap, Occasional, &c.,

SIDEBOARDS, Drawers, Chests, Dressers (open or closed). TOILETS (open or closed), Bookcases, Cupboards, Shelves. Over-mantles, Mantle Shelves, Wardrobes.

BOXES—Soap, Housemaid, Clothes, Ice, Provision, Flour Rune, Salt, Bm.

BOARDS—Standing, Baking, Paste, Cutting, Picking. Bce.

Stools, Ottomans, Commodes, Cradles, Clothes Horses and Rails, Towel Rollers, Window Rollers and Rods, Boiler Lids, Children's Chairs, Hat and Coat Rails, Clothes Props, Window and Step Ladders, &e.

NOTE THE ADDRESS.

- • TANNERS LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN.

AGENT :—ej WEsTARM. G All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House arders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98.

UNDER THE CLOCK.

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD BOOTS.

JON.

BLUNDELL & SON,

PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND oRMILL COLLIERIES.

COAL WHARF,

27, GEE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES.

COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO

THE WEATHER.

JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, ST. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB. VEAL. PORK, &c., Always on hand, from 5i4. to Sid. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET 'STREET,

WARRINGTON.

JJAVE NOW READY for the inspection of their numerous Customers, a larger collection than ever of NEW SPRING GOODS.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE GREAT ADVANCE IN PRICE OF WOOL (FULLY 10 PER CENT.) THE M.O.D. HAVE BEEN ABLE TO PLACE LARGE CONTRACT ORDERS AT OLD PRICES.

This advantage being offered to all purchasers, A SAVING OF 10 PER CENT. May be effected by entrusting orders for CLOTHING, EARLY with the M.C.D.

THE M.C.D. will forward, on receipt. of Post Card, their LATEST PATTERN 8008, CONTAINING OVER 400 NEW SAMPLES' FOR SPRING AND SUMMER.

ONE OF THEIR ASSISTANTS WILL ALSO ATTEND FOR THE PURPOSE OF MEASURING AND TO TAKE ORDERS FOR ANY CLASS OF GARMENT REQUIRED.

ALL CLOTHES ARE THOROUGHLY SHRUNK GARMENTS WELL MADE

AND TRIMMED, PERFECT PIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE, GOODS MADE TO ORDER

At the following prices, CANNOT.BE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTER OR LIVERPOOL.

o F cp 2 c . ot

Pr g 0 •C X tz * cn A 1-3 0 G CA Os a P 3

s- 2 0 „,,24 ; m .

C I cA co US IND CO Ce,

c. 4 c.A., cm

1-i C.O CZ

CA.., =

..-L L\ --___ 1

=

)--A ..,i. =

k.--i CO 1

c): es 2) =

4 --_ =

CA ..,i- -1

az L\ ......... 1

,„ r°

....1 =

C 4 C.. 71 i

1-,-k o

1--+ Ck.s -____ 1

-..-i C'' -____. 1

•-+ ~i• =

DNLY THE BEST CUTTERS AND EMPLOYED.

CZ ".-61 a -, i

THE M.C.D.

)11. 0.1 ......... 4. I

CA CA ci CZ

Cii l\D C 6 •-...... I

WORKMAN

CORDIALLY INVITE AN INSPECTION OF ALL THEIR DEPARTMENTS.

& .10, ,HORSEM ARKET STREET,

AVARRINGTov.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
, ~ . • -- . : : , - ~ -.4 , ~, - i I ). ' . , ".,', i ,; t t i . .- ,: , i t• " . • , . . , • . ~, . . . . . . ,• ' ; t ; -i .1, ' . . , . , : 1 , ' 1 , .. i.• , ' V 1 , . i . .. t , 1 ~', Il ;. • I • ,t' i . , I,' II '' ; .1' • . •• 1 . 1 :,- '1 i 1 ; AI . , E . ~ , , , , , ; , , . . ; i , 1 : -1 • ! ' . I i ; r I '", : . , • ,• , I ' ; . r , 1 , . , . . ' . . . : , , . . . .. . • , . . • ~" k i i i . i 1 ' I .'.'l i , 1 1 1 . ,`-'t 1 „ 4 , 41 il r!..: ~ 4 . .:- ".

===== 0002601_18960321_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!t1

===== 0002601_18960321_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
I i ii:i . ~,,,,,

lir . 1 , 0\ 4 't f i; ') r , . 1 . ~,,, ,r., , , . I

===== 0002601_18960321_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE-UP DISHES

Which are a most important 'n the week's menu of 7 household, are made 6t piquant and tasty by the addition of

BOVRIL,

hich is the guaranteed product of RIME OX BEEF and which imparts the full flavour of Fresh Meat to even the most tasteles dish.

/X. N'''', %;•--: •)1. ,_ • ..,- , .0,,,,,,,, /44.1.,,,C..--- i.i::1;.:"-'7,• e, ,• i , ...,,,,,---7,=-/ 4.21 •Ii jA ••.- . ' . I ~.-..-...: , , -,....0„.!..., A lii();,.. ~..,,,\. , \ :.,' .N. iiiit\,',. 'c,\ 4 yfi/ - ' A '''..:., .., ,•. . .. ~ , , ,) /,‘ - ,-,....,, , ' ' '3"4...5...-. , / l P I-, ii,,;,,, 7iLl '- i. •, ;. 'iii,;4l i 'Llit'l:L:—'ll, :. ........L. .. 1 1 ''i ' • :' ~,NH.,,,,,-,—., _ ,d, ,i.-_,--7,,;--, •,,. i .. 1 it I to _-.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

IT takes a tough sail to stand the wind of pros- perity. ONE of the striking characteristics of the new woman is her aversion to old clothes, "POVERTY is no crime," for sometimes it doesn't even furnish one with prison fare. THE woman who thinks before she speaks has to be a lightning thinker. IT is easier to forgive success in any one else than a relative.

" Wno steals my purse steals trash ; " but the cry of "Stop thief!" is raised just the same. TOMMY: Paw, what is an empty nothing ? " Mr. Figg : "I don't know, unless it is a dueo; before breakfast."

Too DENSE FOR HlM.—Stage Villain: "Alia : The plot thickens." Disgusted Auditor: "Then I'm off! Can't make head .or tail of it now, and I'll never see through it if it gets any thicker." ORGANS ALL Rioirr.—Young Wife: "Don't you think my husband's ill-health is due to weak diges- tive organs ?" Doctor: "No—oh, no; nothing but bad cooking." A DAILY ASSISTANT.—Friend: "Does your wife wife assist you any in your work? I often see her at your desk." Humorist: " Y-e-s she goes over all I write, and burns all my jokes ;bout wives."

HE: "Wasn't Brown's Wife named Stone before she was married?" She: " Yes ; and it was a very suitable name." He: "What do you mean r She: "Oh, nothing; only she threw herself at his 'head."

Mrs. HIGG.INS (recounting a row with Mrs. 'Awkins) : "She says to me, she says, You're n. lady." Say that agin,' I says, say I ain't no lady, .and I'll pull all the 'air off yer 'ead ' " _

" BRli)orr, have you cra-cked those nuts for the: -dessert I want to make?" " Yis, ma'am; all but thim big walnuts, an' it'll take stronger jaws th:1:1 mine to manage them; but I got troo wid de _ others all roight, ina'am." No CHANCE FOP. IT.—Tagleigh "I wonder why lightning never strikes twice in the same place." Wagleigh : "Well, you can't generally find the place." HOLINESS OF NEWNESS.—LittIe Nell: " 0-o-o ! rm going to tell mamma !" Little Ned: " Wot's I doin' now ? " Little Nell: "You're wipin' your feet on zee new door-mat !" A RARE CHANCE.--Jack Borrowit : "I awoke last night, and found a beggar in my room." George Genrus : "Well, well! Did you succeed in borrowing anything from him." HE QUALIFIED HIS PRAISE.—Mrs. Twicken- ham: "Your daughters, colonel, are remarkably fresh-looking girls.' Colonel Gunner: "Yes, they .are. You wouldn't believe, madam, that the .eldest of those girls is "—(nudged by his wife)— "growing younger every year.' "MA, I want a pony. Can't I have a pony, Ma?" "Certainly, my son, I suppose so. Ask . your father." "1 don't like to ask him, ma." "Why, what nonsense! Ask :him." "No, ma; you ask him; you've known him the longest I" THE EYES HAVE IT.—" The eye is a sure indicator of character," said Dawson. "The man with A stony eye is a hard, stern individual; the avid eye :shows an avid nature and •so on." "Nonsense !" retorted Jarley. "One of the merriest girls I ever knew was blue-eyed, and the most amiable man I -ever was cross-eyed." • THE VOICE OF TRIIIMPH.—Mrs. Kidby : "Oh, John dear, don't you hear? How deliYhtfully the baby crows !" Kidby : " Crows ?" Humph! I'd crow myself if I were boss of the house," RECOGNISED HIS HANDIWORK.—Mr. Gusher (a would-be suitor) : "What lovely teeth Miss Smiler has—eh, old man?" Mr. Forceps " Irm, er— really—modesty forbids my expressing an opinion, you know." SIZED HIM Up.—" Benighted men," exclaimed the missionary, "it is my wish to make you better." ..The cannibals exchanged glances. " This," they whispered among themselves," 'must be the avant courier of the pure food movement, of which we have heard so much." - - -

WIFE (to unhappy husband) : "I wouldn't worry, John; it doesn't do any good to borrow trouble." Husband: "Borrow trouble? My dear, I ain't borrowing trouble! I've got it to

Too BAD.—Mr. De Style: "Don't you think bamboo easels pretty ?" Mrs. De Style: "Yes, they are so light and airy and delicate, and so sug- gestive of nature in its pristine purity. I think they are lovely—but they're disgustingly cheap." MANY people borrow trouble, and would pay big nterest rather than not have it. "IT'S no use arguing, my dear; I am going to give up our pew in church. I can't stand that new preacher any longer." "But, John "—" But nothing, Maria. I haven't slept a wink for the last three Sunday .mornings." ; "ONLY think, exclaimed Henderson, "of the many uses to which paper is now put ! " ".1 know," replied Bass. "I was at the theatre the other night, and .I was told it was all paper. And it was a fine, substantial.lookinfr structure, too." IT isn't the fact that your children ask so many questions that makes you mad. It's because they ask so many things that you don't know. " Exonsm me, madam," said the paying-teller, '‘‘ but you have not endorsed this cheque. If you -will write your name on the back of it, it will be all right." "Oh, of course," said the little woman, "I had forgotten." Then she endorsed the cheque, "Sincerely yours, Janette Hicks- worthy.', MAMMA: "I am tired of your chatter, Johnny; you had better go to bed.' Johnny: "Are you very tired, mamma?" Mamma: "Yes; very tired." Johnny: "Then why don't you go to bed?"

WHAT makes you think she has such good taste in artistic matters?" said one girl. "She has given up trying to draw," said the other. SIZE: "Do you like the colour of my. hair ? " lie: " Frankly, I did not at first. It's a peculiar colour; but then—er—ah—it grows on you, don't you know." ON OCCASION.—First Lawyer: "Do you believe that a man should always tell the truth?" Second Lawyer (hesitatingly) : Well, there's no doubt he should, whenever he can make anything by it." PHRENOLOGY SCORES AGAIN.—" This bump," :said the phrenologist, feeling Cadley's "shows that' you are fond of outdoor life." "You bet it does," replied Cadley. " I got that bump from falling off a bicycle while indulging,, in my love for outdoor life." Josis-BRowN : "Why do you go into society?" Brown-Jones : "To - find a wife. And you ?" Jones-Brown : "To get away from one." "THERE ARE TRICKS."—Visitor : "Are all these ladies waiting for change ?" Merchant Prince: Oh, dear, no ! They are connected with the house. They stimulate trade by struggling with customers who try to approach the bargain

-- A MINUTE WITH YOU PLEASE Sufferers from Or vel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Bach ,Dropsy, Wind arid Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys 131 adder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices is. Of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from HOLDROYD'S Me lice! Hall Cheekheaten, Yorks. Said at 35, Bridge-St., Warrington. Don't be put off, if von cannot get them write toatbe Proprietor and a box will be seat next Peer Advt

•

CAPITAL" CHAI.

Everyone knows the story of the pressman who, when asked at one of General Booth's meetings if he were saved, replied that he was a reporter. The following, of which the scene is laid in Melbourne, is reported to have occurred during the General's visit to that city. One ot the reporters for an evening paper rose to leave the hall with his copy. "Brother," cried the General," you will be d-- if you go now." "I shall be d-- by the sub-editor if I don't go," was the reply. "But the Lord is greater than the sub-editor," said the General warn- ingly. "The sub-editor does not think so," was the retort.

It has been said lately that the Dowager Empress of Germany contemplates residing permanently in England. As far as the German Emperor is con- cerned the arrangement is said to be perfectly satis- factory, but the German Chancellor has yet to give his consent, which is unlikely, unless the Empress Frederick consents to give up part of her German allowances. From England the Empress Frederick receives an allowance of ten thousand pounds a year. But fronr Germany she receives, "all told," a larger allowance than comes into the coffers of Queen Victoria as reigning sovereign of England.

Appley Hall, Norfolk, is to be the residence of Princess Maud of Wales and Prince Charles of Den- mark after their marriage; and the county has de- cided to celebrate that fact by giving a county wedding present to the royal couple. A committee has been formed, at the suggestion of the Earl of Leicester, and subscriptions are to be limited to three guineas. Norwich, as the county town, will give a separate wedding present of its own, the subscription being limited to two guineas,the desire of the committee being to obtain small sums, and so make the present from the citizens generally.

Yet greater efforts are to be made by the Austra- lian colonies, backed by their respective Govern- ments, to capture the English food markets, to the further exclusion of home producers. The New South Wales Ministry, following the lead set by the neighbouring colony of Victoria, has determined to constitute a board for export. The department will conduct a thorough system of inspection, gradiog and branding, issuing certificates for all classes of exports. The Government will undertake, more- over, to provide cheap and reliable freight arrange- ments throughout the different seasons, and will station in London an officer qualified to report upon the condition of the various shipments on arrival. The timber growers will also endeavour to secure the grading and classification of all timbers for ex- port. The Government ot Australia are consider- ing a proposal that all meat exported shall bear a uniform brand, indicating that it has been passed by the Government inspectors as sound and whole- some.

Those English noblemen who go to the United States to wed heiresses are threatened with a tariff. A bill before the New York Legislature proposes to levy a tax upon the dowries of the women who marry foreign noblemen in that State, or whose dowry is paid out of the revenues ot property there. The tax is to be 2 per cent. of the total amount of the dot, and the revenues thus secured are to be devoted to the founding of manual train- ing schools for females and for the building and maintenence of homes for aged and destitute women.

It ;s probable that the Government bill for free- ing the highroads to horseless carriages will be brought in the House of Lords next week.

Mrs. Hirst Alexander, a well-known Australian journalist, now making a short visit in London, says that marked good effects have followed the enfranchisement of women in New Zealand. The Premier of New Zealand, the Hon. Richard J. Seddon, and the principal journals, have acknow- ledged, she says, that the influence of women dur- ing the elections and after has been beneficial. The women have turned their attention to ameliorating the conditions of prisons, promoting the welfare of children, and interesting themselves in other mea-, sures with which they are specially qualified to deal.

As soon as the announcement was made that the Government intended to send an expedition in the direction of Dongola, the suspicion became current 'in Radical quarters that it was Mr. Chamberlain who had forced this policy upon Lord Salisbury. Mr. Labouchere's insinuations to this effect on Monday were rather an echo of outside speculation than .an original effort of that ingenious cynic's imagination. Sir W. Harcourt had evidently formed. the same view as the critics of the Radical clubs, Judging from the pains he took to emphasize Mr.. Chamberlain's old and strongly expressed hos- tility to. an advance into the Soudan, and also to ostentatiously claim Mr. Chamberlain's co-operation in condemning any such policy. Mr. Labouchere likewise made a strong point of Lord Salisbury's formerly avowed personal opposition to any at tempt to reconquer the Soudan: and as the was nobody in the Cabinet worth singling out for at- tack except Mr. Charaherlain,the Colonial Secretary inferences that came to be enmeshed in a web of that he is the real author of the present adventure. But the truth is that we have not yet got. at the bottom of this new Egyptian policy, which goes much deeper than any mere passing opinion of Mr. Chamberlain's. It will be found that the elements which have led to it are most simple but complex; and that while Soudanese considerations are chiefly operative at Cairo, European ones are chiefly opera- tive at Sr. James's.

What are these European considerations? Are they a desire to render help to Italy and to produce a diversion on its behalf? Nobody believes it, for ceortraphy and an impassable desert are against it. Is there some secret arrangement with Germany, whereby England gives her moral support to the Triple Alliance, and thereby detaches herself from France and Russia in exchange for Germany's sur- render of its designs upon the Transvaal? Germany is thus supposed to gain by the re-establishment of unfriendly relations between England and France: and England is supposed to gain by the buying off of German hostility in the Transvaal, and by Ger- man sanction of our hold upon Egypt, Whatever the explanation may he of this Nile campaign, the Dervishes are not the cause of it. We must seek for it in the tortuous courses of European diplo- macy, and the secret will not be easily wrung from the Government. It will find its way to the public by some backstairs channel in due time; but every- thing points to a new European combination, or perhaps rather to a restoration of an old one. In- genious speculations are everywhere abundant; but I scarcely meet a man who believes that the ad- vance is dictated by any Egyptian emergency.

Wednesday night's meeting of the British O. al. i- thologicaliClub was made notable by the exhibition of no less than 900 "clutches" of the eggs of the common cuckoo with the eggs of the foster Parents. This we are not greatly surprised to hear is the largest number ever brought together on any occasion, and it testifies eloquently to the procrea- tive industry of that casual bird, as well as to its reprehensible lack of true parental instinct. Mr. Edward Bidwell was the proud possessor and exhi- bitor of this"finely assorted lot ."Another interesting feature of the gathering was the exhibition of Mr. Edward }Tnrgitt's lifa-like paintings of woodpeckers upon which that veteran ornithologist Dr. Bowdler Sharpe had much of interest to say.

There are rumours of considerable dissatisfaction with some of the provisions understood to have been inserted in the draft of the Government Edu- cation Bill. The difficulties encountered owing to conflicting views are understood to be chiefly re- sponsible for the delay in bringing the measure be- fore Parliament.

President Kruger's visit to England is now regarded at certain as Pretoria. The President says it is true that a section of the burghers is opposed to his coming to this country, but he is convinced that the opposition will disappear when the negotiations on the points to be discussed are arranged.

TO PRESERVE YOUR HAIR use common sense: on nin it by sousing it with cold water or starve it by neglect' all living things require nourishment, and pure grease is un- doubtedly the best nourisher of the hair: for more than a century.

ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL has been considered the best preserver of the hair ever used : it prevents it falling off or turning grey, removes scurf and promotes a luxuriant growth: for children it is uti6urpassecl : also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s 6d., is.. lOs 6d. (equal to 4 small). Row:and's Macassar 011.—Nourishes the hair. _

Rowland's 'Macassar Oil.—Prevsnts bnldness. Ask anywhere for Rowland's Macassar Oil. of 20, Hatton Garden, Loudon, and avoid cheap, worthless imitations.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

all Pill. WI Dose. ;mall Price. -LT: in n, vial. ly Vego- id Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and care them so as to stay *tired. Chemists, Is.

~. s. ~:;11EARTER 6: „. •li wa Fort, At : 1-9.-;S Pure; Cure Torpid. Li- _ _ _ _

===== 0002601_18960321_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18960321_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
All rights reserved. THINGS A WOMAN WANTS TO KNOW.

THE numerous varieties of soft silk and crepe, which are to be found on all sides, and in the most enchanting shades, tempt us to indulge in one or more pretty blouses of this material. No blouse looks dressy unless there be a great deal of material expended on it, and then it should be made in a picturesque, quaint form.

The sketch which I am giving you below is of a blouse recently brought over from Paris

A French Blouse. No. 1912. Paper Pattern, CA To be had from PATTERN DEPARTMENT, 18, HENRIETTA STREET, LONDON, W.C.

by a friend of mine. It is made of a delicate shade of pale green silk, covered with'a blurred design of flowers.

Tlie zouave portion, which gives such t delightful finish to the whole, was of rich green velvet, bordered with iridescent passementerie. The fitted waistband, which you will notice is perfectly plain, was made of a rich oorded silk, and ornamented with two cut steel buttons on either side of the front. The dainty silk blouse you see is made very full. It has a high stand-up collar with a ruching of lace coming from the inner side, and projecting in the form of a ruffle. The lace thus used is cascaded down the front, giving the appearance of a jabot. The sleeves look particularly pretty, for though very full they are by no means exaggerated, the silk being " rucked " from elbow to wrist.

If-you want to be exceedingly smart during the early spring, let me advise you to have a blouse made as soon as possible from this model. Wear it with an alpaca or silk skirt, and you will have the most chic costume you can desire. Petticoats for day wear have almost gone out >f use. I have been told at some of the lead- g houses for ladies' underwear that there is hardly any demand for flannel petticoats, ladies who go in for active amusements finding tweed knickerbockers much more convenient and far more comfortable.

Though we gladly wear these garments made of tweed throughout the winter, in summer we find the material somewhat warm. Let me, therefore, recommend you to make knicker- bockers of satin or alpaca; the latter is, of

Ladies' Alpaca Knickerbockers. No. 1943. Paper Pattern, sp. To be had from PATTERN DEPARTMENT, 18, HENRIETTA STREET, LONDON, W.C.

course, the less expensive. The dress skirt slips beautifully over it, and if made in drab or silver grey it washes extremely well. The design here given buttons on either side and is fitted with darts in the front. At the back it is made with a sloped band, the material being gathered into its lower edge. Flannel, I am perfectly certain, should be worn by all, young and old alike, by day and night. Many people object to flannel night- dresses on the score of their shrinking. I have lately discovered that Ceylon flannel has not this aggravating quality, in fact nightdresses made of it wear exceedingly well, and if prettily trimmed with Torchon lace and finished with silk feather-stitching, a really charming gar- ment is the result. Bear this in mind, you mothers of little ones, and use this material for your girls and boys, making of it either night- dresses or sleeping suits, according to your fancy. The spring is apt to be a terribly trying timg for people with sensitive skins, and I knoNg many ladies who suffer much at this season with chapped hands. I would advise them to use k simple and most efficacious remedy which I have never known to fail, _

Take equal parts of the best sweet oil and glycerine and mix them, afterwards adding two or three drops of essential oil of lavender. Apply a little of this to the hands every night on going to bed and " chaps " and sore hands will be unknown.

At this time of the year all good housewives indulge in that terrible process, is clean- ing. I call it terrible, for that s the term by which the process is designated in the house- hold. All the same, it is one that must be endured. Let me remind you before relaying your carpets to see that the floors are scrubbed with some disinfectant soap, and leave them to dry thoroughly for a whole day. Before putting down the carpets, cover the floor carefully with brown paper, for this is a great saving to the carpet. There is a brown paper sold specially for this purpose in largo sheets, but as this is an expense some of us cannot afford to incur, let me advise you to keep all wrapping-paper, and use it for the purpose.• When the floor is covered, sprinkle pepper well over it before laying the carpet, as a preventitive of moth. The present system of having squares of carpet rather than one which fits closely to the room, is very economical, for in this way it can be turned every time it is taken up, and the ?roar more evenly distributed.

V: 4 .• . ~-.1... ''4 ~,,,, .6• , . g• -0,..14.,;,- • r A •• ~...1-;,...--.' ~y/,, ~.,,,c,,,, • - : , "r ' , v.i, .4,.... , • --tz,...;-• ~•, L.' _ : --", :-•. ' • ' -' );', .fc '4.,1.iA, li ..„ Pre. : • 01'/-1 ..„,N,,, i (F-; t-avie 1-,.. izze 0 - OS. 41 I set /-, /, 1 •,,.,„i,v-41,‘ / .11111 •.-7,./42.\\‘,":

I / / 1":.°111,1, Tr- alitriii:N\ a ,fl. Fun i:Lir:"'" 1 full lb:: qw::ii. if 4 i„ ..:67...::FEginn ‘ f. rat. ...... tv ig ,r 1 7F-15,"in :ad 11.1:411;41 4i I /I s iipigunrin , . =tor 41 1 II hu irL.:1,9:31, of ctoto.raill g# , 0:: i : :21 liMi•i I 1 1 il!.. "11-II!' Igii. .171.1e1:1;711F.11:1: : ..:11:1:1:12;j1 te .11 i,l! 1 :ii:11,:::11:1:115:1 Inti:Fili ill 1:I1,4 i i i tar silliiiill44llk*lii'l siiiiiiirrhpi, 'Alisq.7l4ll, I.k. illilavtir7ollEllhilh%2ll/1 1 ( i 1 ,:-.l.l,l,,,lnislotff.vi:Pilitrire„.l.ss„:?-47 ( .4,.- ---,, ...... 41 - . ..1ik......:...,

===== 0002601_18960321_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
- !left , - ,

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for al who use daily on the tooth brush a few arupg or

SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between' them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly whits teeth, rosy lips, and fragmnb breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY MARCH 21. 1896 THE HIDDEN HAND; OR,

Perfumes were introduced into Europe by the Arabs. who brought many receipts for making them from the East.

More than seven hundred million needles are said to be made each w ek within the limits of the town of Red- ditch.

There are two or three old ladies in a large Continen- tal city who make it their business to feed stray cats. One feeds more than one hundred daily. The temperature of the cucumber is one degree below that of the surrounding atmosphere. It is,therefore, ap- parent that the expression "cool as a cucumber" is scientifically correct. The most trustworthy signs of freshness in fish of every kind are the brightness and prominence of the eyes. And the redness and ricridity of the gills. Fish which is unseasonable will display a want of solidity and firmness,with a bluish-pearly appearance where it should be white.

"The Lancet" states that the following interesting latter was recently received by one of its subscribers : Dear Dr.—, —I would be very pleased if you would let me have,a Baby for one guinea. We want it on the 4th of Febry for Mother's birthday. We would like it fat and Bonny, with blue eyes and fair hair. We Children are going to give it to her ourselves, please answer at once.--Your sincerely, Anemn—. P.B.—Which would be the cheaper a Boy or a Girt?

===== 0002601_18960321_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

There will be a great run on the jewel markets this year, for three Royal weddings and a coronation need considerable furnishing in the matter of precious stones. Moreover the Kaiser is negotiating for the purchase of some magnificent diamonds, with the intention of hav- ing them set in the Imperial Crown. The German Im- perial family possess many very valuable diamonds. Among them is tne " Regent" one of the most regular and valuable diamonds extant. For a time it decorated the hilt of the sword of Napoleon 1., but the sword fell into the hands of the Germans after the Battle of Water- loo, and has ever since belonged to the Kings of Prussia. Queen Victoria's " Kohinoor " is largeL than the " Regent." though not so lovely a stone. *.,Wit k regard to single pearls, the Queen has in her possession one of the largest in the world, but the one which eclipses all others is supposed to be that known as "La Pellgrina " in the Museum of Zosima, in Moscow. The qualities which in jewellers' language, a fine pearl possessed, are a perfect" skin "and fine " orient " which means a delicate texture free from speck or flaw, and of clear, almost translucent sheen.

There appears to be more and more difficulty each year in obtaining a good likeness if her Majesty. In the first place the photographer who has been" com- manded " never knows up to the last moment when or where her Majesty will consent to receive him, and be taken—and. again, it is by no means easy to make bar look as tall as is desirable, for the Queen is proverbially impatient of the camera and absolutely refuses to pose longer than a few seconds. The Princess of Wales on the other hand is one of the most gracious and interested of sitters. She knows immediately haw to pose herself and not infrequently suggests improvements in her own handwriting on the back of the proofs which have been submitted to her. Apropos, the German Empress is an adept with the camera,and often when staying with her husband at one of his shooting boxes, she will accom- pany him on his expeditions, and take photographs of any quaint or beautiful scene which she may happen to pass. Miss Ellen Terry's pet hobby is photographs. When travelling she always has with her a large case of family pictures. This is of leather and folds up. She is exceedingly fond of being photographed, though she often says that she does not care to expose herself to the deadly camera now so freely as when she was younger._

Tdere is no doubt that the majority of us have always been under the impression that protession Al musicians let their hair grow long as an advertisement: or a pro- test against the close-cropped head of the Philistine, but this according to a scientist is not so. The learned man attributes the plentiful crops to the music and main- tains that the music of certain instruments is a very powerful hair tonic. In support of his theory he cites the portraits of Paderewski, Vladimir de Pachman, Joseph Hofman, Johannes Wolf, Burmeister. N-ichez, Barasate, and also Frida Scotta,the violinist. Speaking of Paderewski reminds me that he seems to be making a great success of his tour in the United States. I noticed the other day that an American paper, with characteris- tic exaggeration described him as " a musician with lemon-coloured hair, who lulls us into a hypnotic trance !" - -

One sad result of the change in sleeves has already come to our etas. It seems that an enterprising German '• middleman "quite recently purchased from a too in- ventive Yankee some tons of a new paper invention for distending sleeves, and no sooner had the purchase been effected than Dame Fashion decreed that sleeves must no longer distend but collapse altogether. There is very little doubt that the inventive Yankee knew all about this,and the enterprising Tenton didn't,anyway the con- sequence is that the speculative purchaser has been forted to store his too extensive supply of dry goods in a repository in the city, until the happy day (for him) when large sleeves, or anything else that wants stiffen- ing out, comes in again. The " Robespierre " stock-like collar and jabot is to be much worn, so soon as we find it possible to dispense with the cosy far necklets we have indulged in during the winter. It may be carried out in various ways, but is most correct in white satin, covered with folded net and completed by that full jabot of lace in front which was worn with so much effect by men of the period indicated. Writing of that time reminds ma,that sundry gew-gaws of that day, notably the black velvet pelerine, studded with steel brads of very minute siza, with scallopped edge and fringed ends, whose secret purpose I cannot determine, have reappeared. The pelerine burst upon my astonished gaze in Bond-street the other day,and I am now hourly expecting China crepe shawls, reticules and such like things.

Many of the newest silk petticoats are really exquisite. They are being shown not only in pale or dark coloured silks, but in beautiful brocades, and shot silks and satins, and are covered with a network of Persian leaves and figures of various patterns. Five yards round the hem is the correct width with a full flounce and frayed- out ruche matching the chief colour of the fabric. _ .

_ I spent a delightful hour or two one day last week at a smart establishment devoted entirely to millinery and noted among cther things a number of aigrettes made of wheat-ears, instead of the plumes of the unfortunate heron. This is indeed a move in the right direction, but oh ! those wheat-ears ! What would farmers say to them ? Some are blue, some are a brilliant orange and others are a bright red. Confronted with a waving field of such, the unfortunate farmer would indeed deem himself demented. But luckily, nature follows fashion no more than fashion follows nature. Geraniums and roses are to be shot in several colours this year as roses were last. A green and mauve pelargonium, a blue and purple rose, and, a blue and scarlet wallflower, biing among the novelties of the season.

Oxford appears to be quite hopeless with regard to the Women's Degree Question. Being beaten on the degree, the women asked for a diploma, being refused that,thev asked for a certificate. The answer is that they shall have neither degree, diploma, certificate, nor anything. The University will commit itself to no such perilous first step as is implied in admitting the existence of women students. The University must not be "mixed.' There seems at present nothing else for aspiring stedente to do but possess themselves in patience, and remember that there was a time when the University behaved in much the same way to those members of the opposite sex who were not members of the Church of England. Ira that case it had to accept the referne from without. Mdlle. Rosa Bonheur celebrated her 74th birthday on the 16th inst, the same date being fixed for the private view in London of the veteran artist's latest picture "The Duel." The work exhibits all the old power of the artist both in the firm vigourous handline, the sure and truthful drawing and the fine sense of colour The duel is one between horses, the famous Godolphin Arabian .and Flobgohlin,the one a splendid black stallion, the other nearly white. Mdlle. Rosa Bnnheur lives in a remote little village n the South cf France, on the out- skirts of an extensive forest. In her greunds,which she seldom quits, the famous artist has a large menaeerie, containing the models of most of her famous pictures. She has studied these animals from day to day, person- ally attending to their wants. In the 'course of time a watm affection hag grown up between the painter and " model " of which the mos remarkable proof was given when a lioness died almost in her arms.

My readers should remembc r that turpentine is the hest friend housekeepers have, and a supply :ghoul() al- ways be kept op hand. It is goc d for burns, excellent for corns, good for rheumatism and sore throat, and a quick remedy for fits or convulsions. It is a sure pre- ventive against moths, a few drops rendering garments safe from such invasion during the summer. For clean- ing paint, add a spoonful to a pail of warm water. A little in the suds on a washing day makes washing • easier.

Victoria Sandwich—Take the weight of three ergs in flour, butter, and castor sugar. Line a shallow, flat tin with a piece of well-greased paper. Put the butter and rugar info a basin, and beat them with a wooden spoln,till quite soft like cream. Take one tabl,spoonful ef flour and mix with it one teaspoonful of baking powder and place on one side. Now add one egg to the sugar and butter, shake over it one tablespoonful of fleur and mix well in. Go on adding eggs and flour till both are nqed up. Mix well, then add the flour that had the bak- ing powder mixed with it a few drops of vanilla and one tablespoonful of milk. Pour the mixture into a tin and bake for about ten minutes. Turn out, set it wide to cool, then spread one half with jam, lay the other half on top, cut into fingers and serve.

" MADGE."

WOMEN AND WOMEN ONLY are most compeent to fully appreciate the purity, sweetness, and deliccy of CIITICURA SoaP,and to discover new uses tor it daily. In the preparation of curitive washes, solutions, &c.,for annoyinr irritations, chafings, and excoriations of the skin and mucous membrane,- or too free or offensive per- spiration, it has proved most grateful. Like all others of the CIITICURA. preparations, CUTICURA SOAP apPAal°l to the refined and cultivated everywhere, and is be- yond all comparison the most effective skin beautifj ing soap, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet, bath and nursery.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH.

CHAPTER XXVIII.—(CO2Vintted). It was arranged that Father Gray, accompanied by Mrs. Condiment, should go to the gaol upon the following morning ; and accordingly they set out immediately after breakfast. A short ride up the mountain brought them to Tip Top, in the centre of which stood the gaol. It was a simple structure of grey stone, containing within its own walls the apartments occupied by the warden. To these, Mrs. Condiment, who was the leader in the whole matter, first presented herself, introducing Father Gray as one of the preachers of the camp-meeting, a very pious man, and very effective in his manner af dealing with hardened offenders. "I have heard of the Reverend Mr. Gray, and his powerful exhortations," said the warden, with a low bow; "and I hope he may be able to make some impression on these obdurate men, and induce them, if possible, to make a clean breast of it, and give up the retreat of their band. Each of them has been offered a free pardon on condition of turning State's evidence, and each has refused." " Indeed ; have they done so, case-hardened creatures ?" midly inquired Father Gray. "Aye, have they! but you, dear sir, may be able to persuade them to do so."

(‘ I shall endeavour—l shall endeavour," said the mild old man."

The warden then requested the visitors to follow him, and led the way up stairs to the cells. "I understand that tne criminals are confined separately ?" said Mr. Gray to the warden. " No, sir; they were so confined at first, for better security; but as they have been very quiet, and as since those rowdies that disturbed the ramp-meeting have been sent to prison, and filled up our cells, we have had to put those three robbers into one cell !"

"Pm afraid, I—" began the minister, hesi- tating. "Father Gray is nervous, good Mr. Gaoler; I hope there's no danger fr.un those dreadful men— all of them together—for I promised Father Gray that he should be safe, myself," said Mrs. Condi- ment.

"Oh, ma'am, undoubtedly; they are double- Ironed," said the warden, as he unlocked a door and admitted the visitors into rather a darkish cell, in which were the three prisoners. Steve, the mulatto, was stretched upon the floor in a deep sleep. Hal was sitting on the side of the cot, twiddling his fingers.

Dicic' sat crouched up in a corner, with his head against the wall.

Peace be with you, my poor souls," said the mild old man, as he entered the cell. "You go to the demon 1" said Dick, with a hideous scowl.

"Nay, my poor man. I came in the hope of savin," you from that enemy of souls." "Here's another : There's three comes reglar ! here's the fourth ! Go it, old fellow ! We're gettin' used to it ! gettin' to be entertainin' ! It's the only diversion we have in this blamed hole!" said Hal.

"Nay, friend, if you use profane language, I cannot stay to hear it, 'sail the old man. " Yaw-ww-aw-ow !" yawned Steve, half rising and stretching himself. 1. What's the row was just dreaming our captain had come to deliver us —yaw- am aw-o,h I it's only another parson ? " and With that, Steve turned himself over and settled to sleep. "My dear Mr. Gaoler—do you think that these men are safe ?—for if you do, I think we had better leave excellent Mr. Gray to talk to them alone— he can do them so much good, if ha has them idl to himself," said Mrs. Condiment, who was in spite of all her previous boasting, beginning to quail and tremble under the hideous glare of Demon Dick's eyes. " N-no ! n-no ! n-no 1" faltered the preacher, nervously taking hold of the coat of the warden. "You go alow_t out of this! the whole on you. I'm not a wild beast in a cage to be stared at ! " growled Demon Dick, with a baleful glare that sent Mrs. Condiment and the preacher to the cell door.

"Mr. Gray, I do assure you, sir, there is no dam. er ! the men are double-ironed, and malignant as they may be, they can do you no harm. And if you uxuld stay a.nd talk to them you might per- suade them to confession and do the community much service," said the warden. " I—l—l'm no coward! But but but—" faltered the old man, tremblingly approaching the prisoners:

"I understand you, sir. You are in bad health, which makes you nervous." "Yes, yes, Heaven forgive me; but if you, Mr. Gaoler, and this good lady here, will keep within call, in case of aceidents, I don't mind if I do re- main and exhort these men, for a short time," said the old man. "Of course we will. Come, Mrs. Condiment, mum! there's a good bench in the lobby, and I'll send for my old woman, and we three can have a good talk while the worthy Mr. Gray is speaking to the prisoners," said the warden, conducting the housekeeper from the cell. As soon as they had gone, the old man went to the door and peeped after them, and having seen that they went to the extremity of the lobby to a seat under an open window, he turned back to the cell, and going up to Hal, said in a low voice: "Now, then, is it possible that you do not know me? " Hal stopped twiddling his fingers and looked up at the tall, thin, stooping figure, the grey hair, the white eyebrows and the pale face, and said gruffly: _

"No! May the demon fly away with me if I ever I saw you before !" "Nor you, Dick ?" inq-ired the old man, in a mild voice, turning to the one addressed. "No, burn you nor want to see you now !" "Steve ! Steve !" said the old man, in a pitiful voice, waking the sleeper. "Don't you know me, either ?" "Don't bother me," said that worthy, giving himself another turn and another settle to sleep. " Dolts ! blockheads! brutes! do you know me now," growled the visitor, changing his voice. "Out Captain!" -

" Our Captain i"

"Our Captain !" they simultaneously cried. " llusie, sink your souls ! Do you want to bring the warden upon us ?" growled Black Donald, for it was unquestionably him in a new metamor- phosis. "Then all I have to say, Captain, is that you have left us here a blamed long time !" "And exposed you to sore temptation to peach on me! Couldn't help it, lads ! couldn't help it! I waited until I could do something to the pur- pose." "Now, may Satan roast me alive if I know what you have done to turn yourself into an old man! Burn my soul! if I should know you now, Captain, if it wa'n't for your voice," grumbled Steve. " Listen, then, you ungrateful; suspicious wretches! I did for you what no captain ever did for his men before. 1 hal exhausted all manner of disguises, so that the authorities would almost have looked for me in an old woman's gown ! See, then, what I did : I put myself on a month's regimen of vegetable diet, and kept myself in a cavern, until I grew as pale and thin as a hermit! Then I shaved off my hair, beard, moustaches and eye- brows I Yes, blame you, I sacrificed all my beauty to your interests! Fate helps those who help themselves. The camp-meeting gathering together hosts of people and preachers, gave me the oppor- tunity of appearing without exciting inquiry. I put on a grey wig, a black suit, assumed a feeble voice, stooping gait, and a devout manner, and-- became a popular preacher at the camp-meeting !" "Captain, you're a brick! you are indeed! I do not flatter you !" said Hal. It was a sentiment in which all agreed. "I had no need of further machination," con- tinued the captain: "they actually gave me the game! I was urged to visit you here—forced to remain alone and talk with you!" laughed Black Donald.

"And now, Captain my jewel! my treasure! my sweetheart! that I love with 'a love passing the love of woman!' how is your reverence going to get us out ?" Listen 1" said the Captain, diving into his pockets. "You must get yourselves out !—this prison is by no means strongly fastened, or well guarded. Here are files to file off your fetters; here are tools to pick the locks, and here are three loaded revolvers to use against any of the turnkeys who might discover and attempt to stop you. To- night, however, is the last of the camp-meeting, and the two turnkeys are among my hearers! I shall keep them all night! Now you know what to do. I must leave you. Dick, try to make an assault on me that I may scream—but first conceal your tools and arms." Hal hid the instruments, and Dick, with an awful roar, sprang at the visitor, who ran to the

c rating, crying: " Help ! help ! The warden came hurrying to the spot, "Take him out o' this, then, muttered Dick, sulkily, getting back into his corner. "Oh, what a wretch !" said Mrs. Condiment. "I shall be glad when he's once hanged," said ihe jailer. " I—l—fear that I can do them but little good, and—l would rather not come again, being sickly and nervous," faltered Father Gray. "No, my dear good sir. 1 for one shall not ask you to risk your precious health for such a set of wretches. They are Satan's own 1 You shall come home to our tent and lie down to rest, and I will make you an egg-caudle that will set you up again," said Mrs. Condiment, tenderly, as the whole party left the cell.

Thai. dawy the outrageous conduct of the im- prisoned burglars was the subject of conversation, even dividing the interest of the religious excite- ment.

But the next morning the whole community was thrown into a state of consternation by the dis- covery that the burglars had broken gaol and fled, and that the notorious outlaw, Black Donald, had been in their very midst, disguL.ed as an elderly field preacher.

CHAPTER XXIX. THE VICTORY OVER DEATH. 'Glory to God! to God!' he saith, 'Knowledge by suffering entereth, 'And life is perfected in death.'" --E. B. BRowNING One morning, in the gladness of his heart, Doctor Day mounted his horse and rode down to Staunton, gaily refusing to impart the object of his ride to any one, and bidding Traverse stay with the women until he should return.

As soon as the doctor was gone, Traverse went lit° the library to arrange his patron's books and papers. Mrs. Rocke and Clara hurried away to attend to some little mystery of their own invention, for the surprise and delight of the doctor and Traverse. F-r the more secret accomplishment. of their pur- pose, they had dismissed all attendance, and were at work alone in Mrs. Rocke's room. And here Clara's sweet, frank and humble disposition were again manifest, for when Marah would arise from her seat to get anything, Clara would forestall her purpose, and say: "Tell me—tell me to get what .von want, just as If I were your child, and you will make me feel so well-4o now !" "You are very good, dear Miss Clara, but—l would rather not presume to ask you to wait on me, said Marah, gravely. " Presume I what a word from you to me; please don't use it ever again, nor call me Miss Clara. Call me ' Clara ' or child,' do mamma," said the doctor's daughter ; then suddenly pausing, she blushed and was silent.

Mai•ah gently took her hand, and drew her into a warm embrace.

It was while the friends were conversing so kindly in Marah's room, and while Traverse was still engav,ed in arranging the doctor's books and papers, that one of the men-servants rapped at the library door, and without waiting permission to come in, entercd the room with every mark of terror in his look and manner.

" r.a,t i. he matter ? ' inquired Traverse, anxiously, rising. . .

'Oh, iNlr Traverse, sir! the doctor's horse has just rushed home to the stables all in a foam, with- out his rider.''

"Good Heaven !" exclaimed Traverse, starting up and seizing his hat ; "follow me immediately; hurry to The stables and saddle my horse, ani bring him tip instantly ! We must follow on the road the doctor took, to see what has happened 1 Stay ! on your life, breathe not a word of what has occurred ' I wo,ild not have Miss Day alarmed for the world l'' he concluded, hastening downstairs attended by the servant.

In five niinutes from the time he left the library, Trsaverse w•ts in the saddle, galloping towards Staunton, and looking attentively along the road as he went. Alas ! he had not gone far, when, in descending the wooded hill, he saw lying doubled up helplessly on the right side of the path, the body of the _good doctor!

11%i-di' an exclamation between a groan and a cry of anguish, Traverse threw himself from his saddle and kneeled beside the fallen figure, gazing in an agony of anxiety upon the closed eyes, pale features and contracted form, and crying: "Oh, Heaven have mercy I Doctor Day I oh, Doctor Day !—can you Teak to me ?" The white and quivering eyelids opened and the faltering tongue spoke: " Traverse —get me home—that I may see— Clara before I die."

"Oh, must this be so! must this be so I Oh, that I could die for you, my friend! my dear, dear friend I" cried Traverse, wringing his hands in such anguish as he had never known before. Then feeqng the need of self-control and the absolute necessity of removing the sufferer, Traverse repressed the swelling flood of sorrow in his bosom and cast about for the means of conveying the doctor to his house. He dreaded to leave him for an instant, and yet it was necessary to do so, as the servant whom he had ordered to follow him, had not yet come up. While he was bathing the doctor's face with water from a little stream beside the path, John, the groom, -came riding along, and seeing his fallen master, with an erclamation of horror, sprang from his saddle and ran to the spot. "John," said Traverse, in a heart-broken tone, "mount again and ride for rour life to the house ! have—a cart—yes! that will be the easiest convey- ance ! have a cart got ready instantly with a feather-bed placed in it, and the gentlest horse harnessed to it, and drive it here to the roadside at the head of this path. Hasten for your life ! say not a word of what has happened lest it should terrify the ladies! Quick! Quick! on your life!'

Again, as the man was hurrying away, the doctor spoke, faintly murmuring: "For heaven's sake—do not let—poor Clara be shocked !"

"No, no, she shall not be ; I warned him, dear friend. How do you feel ?—can you tell where you are hurt ?"

The doctor feebly moved one hand to his chest and whispered: "There, and in my back." Traverse, controlling his own great mental agony, did all that he could to soothe and alleviate the sufferings of the doctor, until the arrival of the cart that stopped on the road at the head of the little bridle-path where the accident happened. Tken John jumped from the driver's seat and came to the spot where he tenderly assisted the young man in raising the doctor and conveying him to the cart, and laying him upon the bed. Notwith- standing all their tender care in lifting and carry- ing him, it was but too evident that he suffered greatly in being moved. Slowly as they proceeded, at every jolt of the cart, his corrugated brows and quivering lips told how much agony he silently endured.

(To be continued.)

TSUCCESS AT LAST.—rfackleton " Moinec,nia me a bad coin yesterday, and I didn't know What to do with it." Von Blamer: " Couldn't you pass it?" Tackleton : "Not for a long time. The first man I tried it on was a ticket clerk, and he refused it with scorn." Von Blamer: "Why didn't you try it on a druggist? Their profits are so great they're likely to be careless in money matters.' Tackleton : "Oh'i I did; but it wasn't any use. Then I tried to buy a newspaper with t, but the boy wouldn't have it. I went in to buy a drink, but that wouldn't do. I was almost discouraged,• old man." Von Blamer: should say you might have been. But you finally passed it, didn't you?" Tackleton (proudly) : "Oh, yes !" Von Blamer : "On whom?" Tackleton : "On a friend of mine." How To MANAcin A DAUGHTER.—First—You can't do it; the man who can must be more than mortal. Second—Clive her her own way; it will save her the trouble of taking it. Third—Pay for her dresses if you can afford it. Her dressmaker will sue if you don't. Fourth—lf she takes a fancy to any man you don't want her to marry, tell her your heart is set on her marrying him, and swear she shall marry no other. You can then give her a free hand, and she wouldn't have him if he Was the only man left. Fifth—lf there is any man you want her to marry, kick him ont of your house, forbid the servants to admit him, distribute man- traps and spring guns and bulldogs all around your grounds, lock her in her room, and vow if she marries him you won't leave her a penny. You will not have to wait long after that for the enlope- ment. Sixth—lf she has no voice, encourage her to sing whenever you give a party. It will attract attention to her, and give your guests an excuse for complimenting her. Never mind the neigh- boars. Seventh—lf you are -a poor man, teach your daughter how to dance and play the piano. She can learn cooking and dressmakinc, and those thin,s after she is married.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WE MUST HAVE THE TOOLS.

Robinson Crusoe, you remember, made a big boat or canoe out of the trunk of a tree. It was a laborious and tedious job. And that wasn't the worst of it. When he got the boat done he couldn't launch it. It was too heavy for one man to handle. If he had only had so arrangement like the capstan of a ship he might haVe managed. He understood how to do it, but lacked the tools. How often we find ourselves at a dead stand for that same reason. Let me give you a fresh illustration, tied up for the moment in the following letter which must first be read before we can rightly come at the point.

In the spring of 1884," says our correspondent, " got into a low weak way, not being able to imagine what bad happened to me. My strength kept ebbing away till I had scarcely the desire or ability to do anything. I felt as tired as if I had just arrived home from a long, bard journey, yet no tax more than usual of any kind had been laid upon me. My mind, too, was weary; SO that I turned from things that obliged me to tbink,plan, or consider.

"Side by side, so to speak, with all this was the fai:ure of my appetite. Of course I continued to eat, or make an effort to eat,but food no longer tempted me aS it does a person in health. I picked and minced over my meals, and the little I took neither tasted good not did me any good after I had eaten it. Instead of warm- ing, comforting and stimulating me, as it used to do, it gave me distress at the stomach, pain at the chest, and a singular feeling of tightness around the waist, aS though a belt were buckled too snug around me. "After a time the condition of my stomach seemed to grow worse. There was that sense of gnawing, so often mentioned by others, and occasionally a feeling of faint. ness and sinking, almost like the ground giving %mg, under one's feet."

[Rinteßic : An eminent London physician, in oni: his books, describes this sinking feeling as one of kite most appalling and frightful that it is possible to experi- ence. It is not the body but the mind that suffers. I. the present writer, have had two attacks of it, and pray to. have ne more. It is like unto the overshadowing of the Death Angel's wing, with the mind fully conscious of the situation. The cause is uric acid poison in the blood, one of the producers of prolonged indigestion.) " When this sinking feeling came on," continues the letter, "it weighed me down like a nightmare. Finally I got to be so weak I could only walk slowly and feebly. The doctor who prescribed for me said my complaint %era dyspepsia, but his medicine had no perceptible effect. " I contin ed this for eight years ; not always the same, but now better and then worse. Yet in all that long time there was not a day when I could say I was well. No medicine or treatment seemed right for me. and I almost began to think I never should recover m 7 former health.

"In March, 1892, Mother S.igel's Syrnp was recom- mended to me as having done wonders in cases like mine, even when they were of long standing and every. thing else had failed. No harm to try it, we thought, ancrgot it from Mr. Grime, the chemist. in Bolton-road; and after taking it I felt great relief. My appetite quickly improved, and I could eat without pain. When I had taken two or three bottles more the bad symptomg had all gone, and I was as well as ever. My husband also took the medicine with the same results. You maY publish my letter and refer inquiries to me. (Signed) (Mrs.) Elizabeth Wilson, 5, Northcote-street, Bolton - road, Darwen, March Ist, 1895." The lesson in this interesting narrative is too plain for U 3 to miss it. Our old friend Crusoe was not able to launch his boat for the want of machinery. Similarlf the doctor who attended Mrs. Wilson was not able to cure her because he did not possess the right remedy. His opinion as to her complaint was entirely correct* She was suffering from chronic dysepsia, precisely as he told her. But alas! it is one thing to know what ought to be done and quite another to have the knoW- ledge and means to do it.

Between these two things (over this wide gap) stand!' Mother Seigel's Syrup, just as between the two sides of the Thames stands London:Bri4ge.

107 YEARS OLD.

Dr. William Salmon, of Penlynn crt Glamotgan shire (to whom last year Mr. Gladstone sent **sincere, wishes for here and hereafter"), has entered on his 107tu . . year. He was born in Suffolk in 1790, and moved with his father, also a doctor, to Cowbridge in 1798. He 111*° been for fifty years a magistrate for :Glamorganshire* and claims to be the oldest Fr emason in the world. He has had eight children, but only one, a daughter, is alive. He sleeps well, rises at noon, dines at six o'clock (when he takes two glasses of wine), and goes to bed at nine. He has not smoked since he was 90, nor has he been out for a drive since his 100th year.

STUBI

The most Et %oils of eithez These diseases in scrofula th themtelves in ta,)st common In the lungs. *eat of the'blc teas, and genei

It is difficult put before you (own opinion ol the most gene Vete emaciati, treatment, wo letter about th

"I can hide( and I think I s inform you of boy. lam qui he had been ill he is able to hospital for at as he was turr apart from Ulf of his temple,l Was aloe suffei he alse tad sp another, to fairly emaciat covery when Emulsion. H Wonders for h for some tim he has gains there was diso vut, and we v as recovery IA and never foi band shall al,

"I may mo lie could not tscream, and I Those lumps I already said, taken no othe it, as he ca (signed), LC South Wimblo In all form weakness, Sc It feeds the overcomes e Influenza, pt and lungs. trade-mark o the wrapper.

THE J

KNOWN I is the Who suffer kidney or bl nese, brain 1 test for t envelope to lions, Bloon of this great rule or fern

;TREES

STREET.

a 50 Firs o clear.

dIFE

E USE o rENZ A EST

THROAT STS.

C POWlift .lEVE and ists in no a.

COLDS. to GIVH BF.

1G PI:M- -CI:MB. hing. ONTAIN PLUM, or

COUGU,

OLIARg • it.

BOTTLO •

VALUR. ,0 YEARS VEIL ELS.

leased )ur LUNif hildren *() marvel- bo pasal

HALO

anythin9 ne 'Bottle Siguatur,

Bottlo acuity of P.0..' Vitta‘.s

===== 0002601_18960321_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
STUBBO , ENEMI I: MS.

The most stui),;(,):, ot wasting diseases, so-called, are %hose of either . sciolulous or a consumptive type. these diseases are closely related,being caused by germs. IS scrofula the germs are in the blood, and manifest therarelves in swellings and open sores, while in the trod common form of consumption the germs are seated le the lungs. Both diseases result from an impoveristt- bent of the'blood and the resulting loss of flesh, weak- ntss, and general emaciation.

It is difficult to say just what course the case we bear Put before you would have taken,and you can form your Own opinion of the nature of it from the symptoms ; but the most general application is to be found in the com- plete emaciation of the patient, which, without the rigte treatment, would have made recovery hopeless. The letter about the case is as follows: "I can indeed speak most highly of Scott's Emulsion, and I think I should be failing in my duty were I not to inform you of the good effects it has had on my little boy. lam quite sure it has saved his life,and, although he had been ill for nearly two years, lam happy to say he is able ti run about again. He had to go into a hospital for an operation to be performed on him, just as he was turned three years of age, and he also had, apart from that,a large abscess formed on the right side of his teraple,whicla was opened at the same time. He Was also suffering from rickets, and the doctor fancied he also had spinal complaint. What with one thing and another, to use the hospital nurse's words, he was fairly emaciated, and I had given up all hopes of his re- covery when the nurse advised 'me to give him Scott's Emulsion. Be has taken many botfles,and it has done wonders for him. He has not complained of his back for .some time,and although the abscess still discharges. he has gained in flesh wonderfully. The doctor said there was diseased bone there that would have to work "nut, and we were to continue on with Scott's Emulsion, U recovery was a matter of time. He is very fond,of it and never forgets the time to take it. I and my hus- band shall always speak in the highest praise of it. "I may mention thatlast winter our child was so ill lie could not move, nor could we move him without a 'scream, and he had two large lumps formed in hisaide. Those lumps have entirely disappeared, and as I have already said, he is able to run about again. He has taken no other medicine, and we shall still centinue with it, as he can't get on without it.--Yonrs sincerely, (signed), LOUISA. MILDREN, 14, Palmerston Grove, South Wimbledon, Surrey, January 4th, IBM:" In all form 6 of emaciation, loss of flesh, paleness and weakness, Scott's Emulsion works most wonCierful cures. It feeds the bleod with the essence of nourishment, overcomes diseeee, and is effectual in 'bronchitis, Influenza, pneumonia, and all inflammation of throat and lungs. The only genuine Saott's Emulsion has trade-mark of a -man carrying a big fish on histack, on the wrapper.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JAPANESE INDUSTRIAL

INVASION.

(By MR. H. WHITHA3I.) (Continued from last week.)

A contemptuous optimistic indifference becomes a crime in the face of hard facts and 'figures such as may be found in most trade journals. 'Japanese exports for '1894 show an aggregate value of over noopoo England's merchants have voiced their alarm, and confess they have lost a large part of their Oriental cotton goods trade. British fabrics in China and other places in the Orient are being displaced by the fruits of the Japanese looms. I wish to impress it as strongly as possible upon the minds of my readers that it will be &fatal mistake to pooh,. pooh! the menace of Japanese competi- tion by assuming the people of Japan to be half civilized, and therefore not to be considered as rivals. Mr. Henry Norman in his beak "The real Japan," says, "The traveller in Japan soon learns to transfer his wonder from the individual to the nation. This extraordinary people are born with a manual dexterity that is simply astonishing. Any little jot that requires intelligence and manual skill almost any Japanese will do for you. Mr. Rein in his beok "The Ineustries of Japan,' says, "The eye and hand of the Japanese are on the average more practical than those of the European." Another writer in one of the English reviews tops the edifice by saying, "The Japanese possess attri- butes which have caused them to 'be rated as the most skilful on the globe." I assume, therefore, that it wotild be, the height of folly to say as has been already said, that : "To declare that a higher civilization has anything to fear from Commercial contact with nations on a lower plane of civilized efficiency is to impeach Civilization itself.' They combine with their artistic skill not only a great imitative faculty but also much inventive power where small artrconcentions and surprising effects are concerned. Sir Edwin Arnold declares that" the capacity-Of the Japanese for incrgaible detail in their work makes of them the most perfect workmen in the world,as they are the most rapid, and when one realizes that this ability and capacity can be obtained there for an average Of 44. a day against 6s. a day in America and 4s. a day and upwards in Englantl,it is not hard to see that there is reason in what ¶ say, that "the victory 6f*Japan over China may well make certain English !and American industries tremble for their future. It means that from now on cheap labor— labor which is incredibly cheap to us—will be thrown into competition with high-priced labor. Tariff duti, will not protect either country." The Asestican Consul General at Shanghai, says, "Japan realizes that she has a population well fitted for acquirement by skill of the technical manufac- turing arts, and has evinced her determination to manufacture not only for internal consumption, but for a broader market. She is aided in this under- taking by the fact that there is no protection of foreign patents. and artisans being gni& to imitate, she can successfully copy the best mechanical appli- ances of the countries of the globe, and can in this way produce a machine which for given work often excels any to be found in the wefld." Admiral Belknap, of the American Navy, writing to the New York' Sun " says, Japanese statesmen avow it to be their purpose to make Japan the England of tbe Pacific, sed the portentous events in the Orient, now commanding the startled attention of the world, are but the culmination of a 'long-cher- isbed policvand of maturedly planned pterposes.The island craft, the aggressive wisdom that has made England so dominant, so potential in the affairs of the globe for the past 300 years, is fast finding its vigorous counterpart in the progressive steps and well-considered aims of Japan." We all know the old legend about the secret of England's greatness, we all, or most of us, know now that her greatness has been the outcome Of the mental and physical faculties of her sons, conibined with the rare good fortune which gave her the -first use of the steam engine. Labour has determined 'her growth. England had half won before any other 'nation had started in the race. That higher wages mere paid in England than in any other European country was because of the absence of competition. to soon as Germany. Belgium and other countries entered into the struggle the whole situation Wag changed,and now it is a life and death struggle,even tothe cannon's mouth, for ne.w,and still newer mar- kets. The English w Tkrnan now finds that the same law rules him that. rules every other sociolog- ical problem,—it is the survival of the fittest We have seen, more than once, the English workman trying, and trying in vain to form international trades onions. The idea remains as yet a mere dream. Each nation for itself. So Japan having the qualities, as acknowledged by all writers, necessary to industrial, and commercial success is now using cheap labour as the fulcentn upon which she intends to rise as an industrial nation. A leading British trade journal, the " Textile Mercury " of March last, speaking on the general question says, "Increasing the hears of labour or lessening the wages of her (t43ngland's) mill operatives are alternatives that might stem the tide for a few yearfs'perhaps.but the systero'of labour oganization which prsvrtils in England is too strong to render this possible," and we seem to be fully warranted in saying," that it is high time the English cotton

===== 0002601_18960321_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD

KNOWN as Rev. Joi.eph Holmes' Mexican Prescription Is the only original srulrauteed Remedy for all those Who suffer from nervous weakriess. exhausted vitality- kidney or bladder diseases, grivel. Prostate, spinal weak- ness, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test for twenty years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Jos. HOLMES' Remedy Co. Blomnsbury Man lons, Bloomsbury Square, Lnndon, and get full particulars Of this great specific free of eharge. Mention whether for Male or female. Beware of fraud' cut Imitators.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
)ig boat or borious and

When be It was too ily had so night baVO lacked the stand for Ilustrationt tter, which mne at the

adent, "I agine what ,bing awe' ) anything. om a long, )f any kind

weary ; se think,plant

is was the I to eat, or )ted me aS inced over I good nor I of warm 3d to do, it chest, and waist, as no.

seemed to g, so often ig of faint lying %vac

in on' i 401 one of ...JIG to experi. ,uffers. , and pray ,dewing of mu-ions of on in the

===== 0002601_18960321_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
;estionj

ttinues the Finally ad feebly. zplaint was effect.

always the in all that say I was

for me,

scoves imY

as MOM.' cases like Ind every. s thought, )Iton-road; F appetite

in. When symptoms 7 husband

You maY

(Signed) , Bolton'

) plain for lot able to Simileer Dt able to ; remedy- - COrreCt• sely as he now what be knoW'

Lp) stands ro sides of

famorgan- sincere his 107th ved with

—He hae rganshire• 'arid. He ighter, is it ri'olock to bed at or has he

===== 0002601_18960321_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Ispinner aad manufacturer should look out for suit- able fields to which he may emigrate." ollf.; is tempted to ask— what about the poor workman who has done so much towards creating the emi- grating capital ? I.Consul-generalAlelvor of the United States State Department gives the following average of wages which he brought to a gold basis by determining the value of the silver yen on the date the computa- tion of the rate of wages was made. JAPANESE WAGES. Cts. Cts. per per Day. D Ay. Carpenters Plasterers 26 Printers Mat'ing-makers.. Screenmakers 26 Laborers Tailors CAton-beaters Porcelain-makers Lacquer-workers One naturally asks, how do they live? Well, having sat at the table more than once with the Jap, I at least can testify to the fact that they know ho* to clean their trenchers. But in Japan, well, a workingman can furnish his house there for less than £2. The Jap uses only matting, and he carpets his house of two or threerooms for as many dollars. His household pots and pans may cost him nearly 63. A couple may go into comfortable house- keeping for about .£l. His rent will be about 4d. a week. He rises at 6 o'clock and has for breakfast rice and tea. The rice is often cold, and it may have been left over from last night's dinner. He pours hot tea upon it to warm it and eats it with chop sticks. At 8 o'clock he begins work,and at neon he has a lunch of rice generally furnished by his em- ployer. At 6he eats his dinner at home. This con- sists of plenty of rice, a little dried fi-,h, and clams if they are in season. The standard of living among them:is decidedly very poor. So much for living and 'wanes. Before I deal in more detail with the various in- dustries which are likely to be, in the near future, important factors in the competitive struggle, must refer briefly to 'Lord Rosebery's idea that Japan will be a wealthy customer of England as soon as her affairs are settled. This idea was voiced by A. Doisy, the founder of the Japan society in London,and published in the British Trades Journal early in 1895. "The enormous development of the cotton spinning industry which lb sure to follow the war will necessitate the importation from Eng- land of very large quantities of textile maahinery. Ship building in Japan will receive a very great impetus ! That, again, will be tor the benefit of British trade.which must supply the accessories re- quired for that industry, such as all kinds of machine tools and fittings. Then, with the revival of trade generally, the chemical trade will feel the benefit, and there should be a large increase in the exports of chemicals to Japan for all kinds of in- dustries, dyeing, tanning, match making and others. Glass will be wanted, and that glass will come from abroad. Hats, boots, shoee and clothing ,of all kinds will be wanted." This is a sample of I the great trade that is going to be done with Eng- land and America. Is it satisfactory? I fear not. The export of .machinery, and skilled labour. The British- machinists while making the machinery may well say" after us the deluge." Now let us see what is really being done in the manufacture of cotton textiles. This industry is the leading one so far introduced in Japan, and Sir Edwin Arnold writing last April from London to an American paper says" I believe that Japan will ere long play very hot with Manchester, our great English cotton manufacturing centre?' The cotton spinning indus+ry of Japan has made rapid Arides, and the number of spindles has reached 1,000,000. Some of the spinners advise care in starting new mills, thinking it rather risky, as there will be many difficulties in the way of obtain- ing raw cotton and maintaining the equilibrium of supply and demand.ln 1883 there were• 43,704 spin- dles. This is an immense development in 12 years' time, and Japan is not only supplying her home consumption, but is shipping cotton fabrics abroad. Speaking of this phenomenal development the Britishirrade Journal of London says :—" We must attribute the exceptional state of affairs in Japan to theenergy and foresight of its people? In the course of a few years no less than -59 cotton spinn- ing mills and weaving factories have sprung into existence there with upwards of .£4,000,000 of native capital. In May last it was estimated that their annual output was over 500,000 bales of yarn, valuediroughly at £8,000,000. The development of this industry has, no doubt, affected the exports of yarn and cloth from Lancashire and India. A re- port recently issued by the Foreign Office of the U.S., says :—" The mills and weaving sheds have made an average profit of over 17 per cent." A correspondent of the London" Times" writes: —" The rapid growth of the Japanese industry, and the results already achieved are undoubtedly cal- culated to strike the imagination with astonish- ment and alarm. In 1885 Japan imported only £160,090 worth of raw cotton. In 1894 she imported £3,990000 worth, or more than four-and-twenty times as much." In 1888 Japan imported from Great Britain and India, in about equal proportions, the total amount of £62,860,000. Six years later, in 1894 the importation from the salae countries amounted only to .X21,241,000,0r barely one third of the former figures. If the pinch has not yet been felt mora severely in England, it is due to the fact that the loss has so far fallen more heavily on Bombay than upon Lancashire, for while the imports from the latter have been reduced 40 per eent.,those from the former have suffered to the extent of $0 per cent. Last year she sent .£450,000 worth of cotton goods to China. It must be quite clear that the <question is a serious one. For climatic reasons the Oriental marketis an almost illimitable one, and it is poor comfort to say that "English manufacturers of machinery may profit by providing the a-awes° with tte means of undoing Lancashire?' A curious feature is that America sells raw cotton to Liver- pool and 'London, which is re-shipped to Japan, manufactured and exported as finished fabric to America. The London Economist of February 17th, 1894, presented-the balance sheets of ninety-three spinn- ing companies of Oldham showing a net total loss of £72,768 in 1893. In 1873, according to Consuls reports, the mills of the Orient anti Occident were competing on equal terms and receiving equal re- turns. Now, in 1894, each mill employs the same amount of labor as it did in 1873 but the owner of the mill in -the United States pays for the labor in gold at the old rates, while the owner of the mill in Japan pays 'for labor in silver at the old rates also. The Japanese mill owner paid in 1894, as he did in 1873, from It to'2o cents a day for men, and from 8 to 10 cents a day for women. Now, during the greater part of 1894 one dollar in geld has been equal to 2 dollars in Japanese silver,which makes it clear that on aceount of the depreciation of silver atone, without taking into account the low rate of wages paid in the Orient the millowners of the Occident n a are paying twice as much for labor a the mill- owners of Japan. This may be one reason why the the States 5 a cottonwhlei n millst h n anred s how Greatin gßs Britain goodreturns ey ar are struggling for a bare existence. Mr. T. H. Whitehead in an address delivered be- fore the Royal Colonial Institute in 1896 said.—" So long as the gold value of silver continues to be as it now is, liable to violent fluctuations, the more peri- lous must become the condition of the principal British industries, and the more impossible must it be to prevent disaster from overtaking them. British labor and gold capital can no longer compete on equal terms with Asiatic labor and silver capital, and the position of British industries is growing more critical every day." I The Japanese successfully compete with the Eng- lish in Bombay, where there are eighty of the largest and best equipped mills in the world. The largest mill in Bombay, equipped with the finest machinery and all other modern improvements, employs 4,200 hands and turns out 45,000 pounds of manufactured goods pet day. The average wages paid to hands, skilled and unskilled including the manager and office force is 13 rupees a month, or about 14s. in English money. Last year Bombay exported 125,000,000 pounds of cotton goods and I 54,000,000 yards of piece goods to compete with I Japanese products, while she imported from Great Britain 2,400,000,000 yards of cloth for her own con- sumption. At the business meeting held in San Francisco, and to which I have referred, a letter sent by Japanese capitalists was read urging the California Cotton Mills Company to move its plant to the Orient in which the writer said as an inducement, "You need only bring over a few of your skilled workmen, and those but for a month. Our people will easily learn the work in that time." I It is not only with cotton that Japan threatens to invade the West but in other ways to which I will draw attention in another article.

TO MOTHERB.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect sum:, . It will renew, the ponn sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it producer natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain. and the ittle cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all 'hernias, li. Id. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 21, 1896.

AN ESSEX SAMARITAN.

The Woo'bridge Reporter publishes an interesting ac- went of "The Risex Samaritan," more exactly known as Mr. George Edwards, of Little Bealings,near Ipswich, who, though a quiet and retiring person, is noted locally for the good he has done to people who have had the benefit ot his advice, wnich we now give to our readers. It appears that Mr. Eiwards' lore is the result of hiS own experience:

" When I was a boy." said he," I had a bad attack of rheumatic fever, and another about eleven years ago, when I was laid up for twenty-one weeks." • " And up to two years ago," interrupted his wife. "if he got a c4d or the weather wes changeable he suffered most exsruciating pains in all his limbs. He could get no rest night nor day, for he could not sleep at night nor rest in the day-time."

"Yes," continued Mr. Edwards, '66 it was about two years ago, just before Christmas, when I was suffering dreadfully with rheumatism in my legs, so that I could not get my stockings on, nor walk. Nothing did me any good. One day I was looking Ttt the newspaper and saw what wonderful things Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People had done, and E said 6 have a try at them.' So I sent right away to Dr. Williams' place for a box."

Mrs. Edwards again interposed here : " Yes " she said, " and after he had taken that one box he felt great re- lief, and so he sent again and got another." " I had only three boxes altogether," continued the husband. "And that properly cured him," chimed in the wife emphatically.

"I have never had a rheumatic pain since, and I tell everybody how much good they have done me; and this had been the means, as you have heard, .of great benefit to many people who have been led to use Dr. Williams' Pink Pills by my example." Mr. Edwards' disinterested story carries conviction on tha surface. and confirms reports from all quarters of the remarkable cures effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, not only-in cases of rheumatism, but in all the many disorders which follow influenza and rheumatic fever, or arise from an impoverished state of the blood and nerves, such as anvemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, early decay, all forms of female weakness, hysteria, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, sciatica, palpitations, low vitality, and wasting strength from any cause. These Pills are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.G., at 23. 91. a box, or six for 133. 9J. They are unrivalled as a tonic and strengthening medicine for both sexes.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING FOR LADIES.

Of all forms of femiaine athletics the most popular at I the present day is undoubtedly cycling. Whether it be I but the passiug craze of the hour or whether it has " come to stay," as our American friends would term it, it is impossible to decide. probably its many advan- tages of a means of rapid and easy progression will always recommend it ta ladies until a flying machine or some such novelty is invented. At present, however,the demand for ladies' cycles is so great that the makers find it difficult to keep up the supply. The Lsndon parks are crammed with the fair enthusiasts, who number amongst them representatives of every grade of society. Makers who could read the signs of the times invented long ago a special machine for ladies' use. In 1893 all Paris went mad after the new craze, but the gay Parisiennes produced such wonderful " creations " in the way of rational dress that the movement in England was rather retarded than advanced. Last year however, cycling sprang into sudden popularity amongst English ladies. It became the " proper thing "to do, and the lady cyclist at last felt her position assured. From royalty downward everyone seemed to have elognt the cycling fever, and that severely. In fact, 1895 will probably be known in the future as the "ladies year." Battersea Park was the great rendezvous. There ladies rode at a moderate pace, met their friends, and extracted just that amount of enjayment out of the exercise which was possible without over-exerting them- selves. The presence of the fair riders soon collected large and fashionable crowds, and Tuesday and Thursday mornings in Battersea Park soon became re- cognised society functions. It would be impossible to enumerate the names of half the wellirnown ladies who were to be seen at the cycle promenades,amongst whom were Lady Dudley, Lady Wolverton, Lady Lurgan, and Lady Norreys. This year Hyde Park has been opened to cyclists, and this convenient field of operations has still further increased the number of lady cyclists. On a fine morning the mnving crowd of pretty faces and dainty dresses make a charming spectacle. Occasionally the old and new styles meet,and the spectacle. which can- net fail to prove amusing to old Park habitues, is presented of a damsel on her iron steed accompanied by a cavalier on horseback. Accidents are rare, for the bicycle " scorcher "is conspicuous by his absence. If he does put in an appearance, the police " keep their eye on him" pretty closely. The latest recruit to royalty on wheels is Queen Margherita of Italy. An amusing story is told of an interview between the Queen and a sentry, who, in ignorance of her identity, was protesting against her crossing the royal sward of the Park Monza. The Queen, who had just had a tumble, replied merrily, "I may do what I like with mine own, but I find that mine own sometimes does what it likes with me." Princess Maud of Wales has lately become an enthusiastic cyclist, and has been photog,raphed on her machine in company with her fiancé. Princess Victoria of Wales has now ridden far same time. On the vexed question of rational dress it is difficult for a mere man to sneak. It would appear, however, that society has set its face sternly against its introduction. It is scarcely ever seen in the London parks. On the other hand, the more energetic and enthusiastic lady cyclists, who believe in long tours in the country, have in most cases adopted it. It is cer- tainly safer, and seems more appropriate when long rides in a strong wind or heavy rain may have to be under- taken. At the same time, a shortish skirt, well cut and stiffened, is far less an encumbrance than many ladies who do not cycle would imagine. However, the whole I,question is a problem, the solution of which only the I future can show.—" Cassell's Family Magazine."

Mr. Ballington Booth has named the secessionist sec- tion of the Salvation Army " God's American Volun- teers," and he announces that all official relations with his father are now at an end.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NAVIGATION OF THE MERSEY.

CONSERVATOR'S REPORT.

THE SHIP CANAL AND THE RIVER CHANNEL&

The report of Admiral Sir G. 11. Richards, the acting conservator, on the state of the navigation of the river Mersey during 1895 gives some remark- able figures as to the work accomplished at the "bar ' e the Queen's Channel. The quantity of sand removed from the bar during the first six months was 1,346,820 tons. The Brancker also re- moved during the same period 1,105,300 tons of sand from the spit of Taylor Bank on the east side of the ship channel. During the latter half of the year the work was carried on at the Queen's Channel and in the vicinity of Taylor Spit, as cir- cumstances would permit. The weather during this period was not on the whole favourable for dredging. The new 3,000-ton sand-pump dredger, G. B Crow, a duplicate of the Braneker as regards power and capacity,vvas received from the Barrow Ship- building Company in the late autumn, and commenced work on the bar on the 25th of November. She removed 221,350 tons of sand up to the end of the year. The quantity of sand removed during the last six months was 1,459,150 tons, making a total from the commence- ment of the dredeing operations in the month of Septem- ber, le9o, of 11,741,950 tons from the bar. From the west end of Taylor Spit there has been removed since the commencement of the work 2,600,550 tons. The ' general result f the dredging operations on the bar dur- ing the year 1895 cannot but be regarded as very satis- factory. The minimum depth at dead low water of spring tides is 22 feet,and that only in a few spots on the out- side line of the cut. The maximum depth is 29 feet, and the mean (repth 25 feet ; thus the floor is not yet by any means unit orm,but in mid-channel, and for a width of 500 feet.a depth of 24 feet can be carried at low water springs. The Liverpool Dock and Harbour Board being now in possession of two powerful sand-pump dredgers, each of 3,000 tons carrying power,and capable.together, of removing in an ordinary day about 30,000 tons of sand, I am of opinion that there need be no apprehension of any deterioration in the depths of water on the bar, but, on the contrary,that the necessary navigable depths may be easily maintained. Concerning the Manchester Ship Canal,. Admiral Richards says :—During the year 1895 dredging opera- tions have been carried out for deepening the approach to the canal entrance at gastham. By section 28 of the Act of 1885 the Canal Company are empowered to dredge this channel to a depth not exceeding 20 feet below the datum level of old dock sill, which means there will he a depth of 10 feet in the channel at low water of a 21- feet tide. Under the powers of the Canal Act of 1894 a series of timber dolphins have been constructed on either side of the channel below Eastham for the convenience of ships entering the canal, viz., thirteen on the eastern and four on the western side. Three smaller mooring dolphins have also been constructed above the locks on the western bank of the land. _ _ _

As to the upper waters of the canal, it was stated in my last annual report that the portion of the River Mersey between Runcorn and Warrington had consider- ably deteriorated, the primary cause, or at any rate the one which is remediable, being, in my opinion, the loss of scour caused by the diversion of the waters of the Mersey and other rivers from their original course, and the failure of the works provided for by the Act of 1885 to fulfil their intention, viz., the return of the greater portion of the waters so divided from the canal to the river at certain points below. It was stated also that the Canal Company were undertaking works in the hope of remedying this condition of things, to form a correct idea of which it may be stated that for a length of about eleven miles of the upper portion of the canal, or from Manchester to Rixton Junction' which is about three miles from Latchford Locks (the first locks in the canal, where there is a rise of 16 feet), the canal is the only flood course for the waters of the rivers Irwell and Mersey, and other smaller streams on the watershed, the Mersey itself having been severed seven miles below Manehester, and its course turned into the canal. At Rixton Junction two courses are available for these waters, first the original course of the Mersey, which passes through Warrington into the upper estuary, and secondly the straight length of the canal, which they have preferred to the former tortuous course to such an extent that during the floods of the autumn the tops of the locks at Latchford have been overflowed from two to three feet,and the immediate neighbourhood partially flooded.

Prier to the construction of the canal three weirs existed in the former course, viz., Butchersfield, Wools- ton, and Rowley. and in order to facilitate the passage of floods through this channel into the estuary the works before alluded to have recently been executed, viz. : The old river channel from its junction with the canal at Rixton to the eastern end of the Butchersfield Cut has been dredged to a uniform depth of about ten feet below ordinary water level. The masonry of the old bridges at the eastern end and that the locks at the western end of this cut have been entirely removed,and the cut widened and deepened,and the Butchersfield Weir,which was 165 feet wide,ha,s been removed so as to give a minimum depth of six feet over I the entire width.

Woo!sten Weir has been entirely removed, and 16 tilt- ing sluices, each lOtt, in width, have been constructed in its place. These sloices 'tan be opened in such man- ner as to present a minimum obstruction to the passage of the water in times of flood, and have been found to a height sufficient to pertnk of the level of the water in the Latchford pond of thecanal being carried an with- out interruption to Woolston. No alterations have been made at Howley Weir, which remains, with its sluices and caps, as it was prior to the construction of the canal. I am informed by Mr. Hunter, the Canal Company's engineer, that since the partial completion of these works strong freshes have been discharged by their moans into the upper estuary, the sluices at Latchford Locks not having been raised at any part of the flood. It will have been seen, however, that the upper part of the sluices have been very con- siderably flooded on at least two occasions; Mr. Hunter, remarks that in November and December quantities of , water, at the rate of 500,000,000 cubic feet in 24 hours, were calculated to have passed through the new works. What effect these operations may have on the river remains to be seen, but the following memorandum, v.hich is the result of the observations of the Liverpool Dock awl Harbour Board's marine surveyors during the year 1895, will show its condition at that time : A comparison of the survey of April, 1895, with that of the same time in 1884 shows that the tidal capacity of that portion of the river Mersey between Runcorn and Walton bridges (Warrington) has diminished in some portions, while in ethers it has increased. On the whole the tidal capacity appears to have increased by 110,254 cubic yards. The increased capacity must in a great measure be attributed to the dredging which has been carried out by the Manchester Skip Canal Company above Bank Quay, under their Parliamentary obligations. Between Randall sluices and Bank Quay, the tidal capacity of the river has been diminished by 154,583 cubic yards and in consequence probably of the dredg- ing above Bank Quay, just mentioned. B-tween Runcorn Bridge and Randall _sluices there

apoears to have been an increase of tidal capacity of 117.137 cubic yards ; forming, as it were, a basin be- tween narrower channels above and below, it may,under ordinary circumstances, be expected to undergo con- siderable changes. The undermentioned places, which before the opening _ . _ _ _ _

of the Ship Canal were habitually used by flats drawing from 7ft. to 9ft. of water for anchorage at low water, and where they could lie without taking the ground, have shoaled to such an extent, that they can no longer be used for that purpose. viz. : " Fidler's Ferry." On the Lancashire side, about eti miles above Runcorn Bridge. "Richmond Lay-by." On the Lancashire side about threequarters of a mile above Fidler's Ferry.. "Thorn Hedge." On the Cheshire side at the bottom of Bank Quay. " Reach Bar."

N) other anchorages or lay-by places of the same kind as those above-mentioned have developed themselves. En those parts of the river where there is deep water the deep channels are much narrower than they formerly were, and the general condition of the river for the pur- poses of navigation has become much worse than it was before the Ship Canal was made. The deterioration is believed to have been caused by the largely diminished passage of fresh water down the river, consequent on its having been diverted from its natural course and passed down the canal. From the subjoined statement it will be seen that there is reason to apprehend that the mean tidal height in the upper part of the Mersey, of the tides rising more more than 206 at George's Pier, Liverpool, is being reduced.

The wan height of thirteen tides between March 1892, and October 26.th,1895, inclusive, was :

Feet Inches. At George's Pier At Widnes At Fidler's Ferry At Warrington

The mean height of ten tides between April 10th, 1893, and August 3rd, 1894, inclusive, was :

Feet Inches. At Georg' f Pier 2l 1•3 At Widnes At Fidler's Ferry At Warrington

Ship Canal full to Bank Q.lav, October 3rd, 1893. Whole canal filled, November 26th, 1893. In connection with this portion of my report, I desire to acknowledge my indebtedness to the engineer of the Ship Cinal for the information he his always readily afforded me, and for his assistance in enabling me to visit the upper waters of the Mersey.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THEY MADE A. MISTAKE.

The number of peoplc in this world who are basing their entire action and shaping their whole lives upon mistaken ideas is almost incalculable. A wrong theory will destroy the best matured and most carefully con- ducted scheme, and it will also ruin the the most earnest and sincere life. The world is full of misanthropic people who have become embittered as the result of mis- taken ideas. For years the world believed that rheu- matism was merely a muscular disorder which could be removed by the liberal use of liniments. It is now a established and acknowledged fact that the Rheumatism and Gout are blood diseases due to an excess of uric acid in the blood, and that there is only one successful treatment, which is to purify the blood by the remov• ing the excess of uric acid. A striking illustration of this is found in the following authentic statement made by Mrs. Radcliffe, 12, Vincent Terrace, Islington, Lon- don, N. :—" I have suffered a great deal with the Gout, and the pain I had was not to be described. My feet were swollen to that extent I was not able to wear a boot or slipper, but wore a pair of woollen shoes ; even then I could not walk in them, and had to cut them in several places. I used different remedies and liniments, and my doctor gave me medicine several times, but I only obtained temporary relief until I tried Warner's Safe Rheumatic Cure. I used two bottles, my feet have gone down to their natural size, and pain has left me. and I now enjoy life again. This is the whole trut i." You can make no mistake if you profit by experience of this kind,and when tortured by rheumatic or gouty pains you should make no experiments, but use this standard family remedy which others have tried and found cura- tive.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHILDHOOD OF THE EARTH.

As our earth is daily losing internal heat, or the equivalent of heat, it must have c*ntained more heat yesterday than in does to-day, more last year than this year, more twenty years ago than ten years ago. The effect has not been appreciable in historic times ; but when we rise from hurldreds of years to thousands of years,from thousands of years to hundreds of thousands of years, and from hundreds of thousands of years to millions of years, the effect is not only appreciable, but even of startling magnitude. There must have been a time when the earth contained much more heat than at present. There must have been a time when the surface of the earth was sensibly hot from this source. We cannot pretend to say how many thousands or millions of years ago this epoch was; but we may be sure that earlier still the earth was even hotter,until at length we seem to see the temperature increase to a red heat, from a red heat we look back to a still earlier age when the earth was white hot, back again till we find the surface of our now solid globe was actually molten. We need not push the retrospect any further at present, still less is it necessary for us to attempt to assign the probable origin of that heat. This, it will be observed, is not required in our argument. We find heat now,and we know that heat is being lost every day. From this the conclusion that we have already drawn seems ' inevitable, and thus we are conducted back to some remote epoch in the abyss of time past when our solid earth was a globe molten and soft throughout.—From "The Story of the Heavens."

===== 0002601_18960321_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL. LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

Ths sea-going traffic upon the Manchester Ship Canal last week was the largest recorded for some time past. As compared with the returns for the preceeding seven days there was an increase of five ships and 7,252 regis- tered tons. Of this increase 5,917 tons were foreign traffic, and 1,335 tons coastwise. Amongst the imports were fifteen cargoes of general merchandise, nine of stone, eight of pig iron, two of woodpulp, two of china 'flay, and one of fruit. Two large cargoes of pyrites were discharged by the steamers Stakesby and Blythe. wood, from Huelva, and the Lady Mostyn, a steamer of 1,467 tons, brought a full cargo of iron ore to Ellesmere Port from La Laja. Other notable imports were 18,000 bags of flour from Fiume; 34,285 bushels of grain from Atherica, and 6,438 bales of cotton from America and Egypt. Twenty two general cargoes were exported, in- cluding one to China ; and seven of coal, including one to St. Thomas ; salt was shipped to Bahia and Aberdeen, pitch to Les Sables d'Olonne, bricks to Belfast, and con- tractors' plant to Devenport. Appended is an approxi- mate statement of the traffic for the week ended March 13 :—lnwards : Coastwise, 35 ships, 8,714 net tonnage; toreiF,,n, 15 shins, 10,452 net tonnage; total, 50 ships, 19,166 net tonnage ; Outwards :Coastwise, 47 ships, 11,388 net tonnage; foreign, 16 ships, 9,990 net tonnage; total, 63 ships, 21,378 net tonnage. Total inwards and outwards, 113 ships, 40,544 net tonnage.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF DR. JAME- SON AND HIS MEN.

Some many statements regarding Dr. Jameson and his gallant troopers have been made and published, which upon inveatigation have proved to be incorrect, that it is a pleasure to be able to publish anything concerning him and his men which has not been denied by anyone. "We are informed that Dr. Jameson and his Troopers were vaccinated about a month before they started on their perilous ride. Unfortunately it was impossible to secure fresh lymph at their camp, consequently many of these brave fellows, who faced death and came through without a scratch, 'found their systems loaded with diseases contracted through the vaccination. A bottle of V.V.V. or Vaccination Virus Vanquisher is being given to each trooper by tha V.V.V. Company to purify their blood, and destroy and remove all the germs of disease I which were introduced into their systems when they were vaccinated. As the addresses of some of the Troopers are rather obscure, it is requested that any Trooper who has not yet received his bottle will at once apply either personally or by letter to this company at their offices at 32, Snow Hill, London." The wonderful results achieved by taking this great antiseptic blood remedy, which is, indeed, the only medicine that has ever been discovered for the preven- tion and cure of the diseases of vaccination, are so well known that the public will appreciate how im- portant it is that each and every one of these men should Immediately begin taking V.V.V. Consequently the Company sircerely asks the assistance of the public in securing the addresses of any of the Troopers who have not yet had a bottle of the medicine. V.V.V. prevents the contraction of any of the diseases of vaccination in infants, as well as children and grown people, and may be given to the weakest child, when vaccinated, without causing the parents the slightest anxiety. It also thoroughly cleanses the blood of all diseases contracted through vaccination, no matter of how many years standing these diseases may be. It is powerful in des- troying the germs of disease, though absolutdy harmless to human beings, even of the tenderest age. It is sold by all chemists at 2s. 9d. per bottle; by Barclay and Sons. 95, Farringdon Street, London ; and by the V.V.V. Company, 31, Snow Hill, London.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SALVATION ARMY. GENERAL BOOTH ON THE AMERICAN SECESSIONS.

Under the auspices of the Salvation Army, a great demonstration was held at the Crystal Palace on Mon- day to celebrate the return home of General Booth. The secession of Mr. Ballington Booth and his followers was much discussed. The spirit of obedience and unity was emphasised by the conspicuous display of balners,bear- log, among others, the following inscriptions :—" Wel- come to our only General," " One Kingdom, one flag," and" One army, one General." General Booth in his address to a vast throng in the central transept, dealt mainly with the secession of his son. He had returned, he said, from his travels loyal to the old flag. By that be meant the objects and the principles and the methods of the yellow, red, and blue ensign. Those principles were written, as it were, on the very skies, and had been sworn to by tens of thousands of men and women. He himself hoped to be true to that flag to the end. They might then place it on his coffin, and bear testimony to the fact that he had always been loyal to the Salvation Army. Continuing, the Gerrral said he had returned7to this country to meet one of the heaviest and one of the bitterest trials he had over been called upon to face. But even the darkness of this trial had its silver lining. His Americam Army stood almost to a man true to him, and assurances of unceasing devotion had poured in upon him from every quarter of the globe. The result of the present trouble would, he anticipated, be that the bonds of union between the various sections would be drawn closer, and he was preparing for the dispatch of rein- forcements to the United States—(Applause.) Some per- sons had questioned the wisdom of certain of his deci- sions. Although he had no claim to infallibility, he claimed to know something of his own business, and he pointed to the Salvation Army in the four quarters of the glabo as a proof of the correctness of the judgments he had formed.—(Loud applause.)

CONSUMPTION. BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

- _ I will demonstrate to the whole world, and to suf- ferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they ein be permanently cured by an entirely New Me.thod of treatment, without the chance of failure. Particu- lars "Gratis" from Mr. WILLIAMS, 11, Durwood place, Norfolk Crescent, London, W.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Howys PILLS la. lid, Cure SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18960321_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.-THE ADVANCE INTO THE SOUDAN.

In the :louse of Commons on Monday Mr. BRODRICK, replying to a question put by Mr. S. Gedge, said that the Duke of Cambridge when the Commander-in-Chief drew £6,631. 14-s. 2d. a year for pay and for age allow- ance, including his pAy as c@lonel of the Grenadier Guards, to which position he was appointed in 1857. Since he retired the Duke had only received £2,200 from army funds, due to him in respect of his colonelcy. In addition to his pay the Duke had, of course, received £12,000 a year granted to him in 1850. Mr. P. WILLIAMS in answer to a question from Colonel Russell, said that about £5OO worth of forage, of a kind not procurable ha this country,was obtained in Germany for the use of the Ashanti expedition._ .

Mr. BRODRICK informed Sir W. Lawson that the troops were not given permission to pillage when they entered Coomassie. In reply to Sir A. Rollit, Mr. Curzon said the dovera- ment had received official proposals from the United States Government with regard to the Venezuelan question, which were now the subject of negotiation. He was, however, unable to depart from the rule that negiota- tions should not be discussed in Parliament while they were going on. _

Sir W. HARCOURT asked whether the Government proposed to make the House any statement with refer- ence to the advance of troops in the Valley of the Nile. Mr. CunzoN said that for some weeks past the Govern- ment bad received rumours of contemplated advances by the dervish forces in Upper Egypt, threatening three separate objectives. Considerable anxiety was very naturally felt at this serious news,the more so as already at that time the Italian forces were known to be in diffi- culties upon the shores of the Red Sea. Then came the unfortunate event at Adowa, a disaster which was at- tended with a double danger. It was felt that immedi- ate action was required, and an advance had been ordered to Akasher, which was on the Nile and about one-third of the distance between Wady Haifa and Don- gola. The British advance might ultimately extend to Dongola,but in any case the future action of the Govern- ment must be regulated by considerations not merely military and strategical, but also political and financial. The Government hoped that the effects of the advance w-iuld be twofold—that on the one hand it would aid the Italians, and that it might in the second place save Egypt from a menace which, if left to grow, might swell to most formidable dimensions.— Mr. LABOUCHERE asked leave to move the adjournment of the House, and, leave beinc, given, proceeded to urge that the Government, instead of advancing up the Nile, ought to take steps to fulfil the pledges we had given to evacuate Egypt. Sir C. MUER seconded the motion. Sir W. HARCOURT said that if the movement ordered by the Government were really the first step in a policy of advance, it was a policy of the most perilous character, and one which the party on his side of the House would meet with the most steadfast resistance. Mr. COURTNEY said that if this was a movement to resume the conquest of the Soudan it must be condemned. After further debate Mr. Labouchere's motion for the adjournment was defeated by 268 votes to 126.

The House afterwards went into Committee of Supply on the Army Estimates, and Mr. Brodrick,in making the usual statement, said the total of the Estimates was £18,056,000. After comparing the cost of our army with that of Germany, he went on to say that the Gov- ernment proposed to slowly increase the reserve of cor- dite, to arm the Volunteers with the magazine rifle,and, where the Volunteers were absolutely unable to do it themselves, to provide ranges where all the forces in the district could practice.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday Mr. BRODRICK stated that an application had been received by the Secretary of State for War for permission to raise a cavalry regiment "on certain conditions," but some difficulty was felt in accepting the services of such a corps, and the application was declined. Replying to Mr. Dilziel,Mr. A. J. BALFOUR said it was true that the Government had changed their minds with regard to the allowance to the Duke of Cambridge since August last. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN informed Mr. Galloway that Presi- dent Kruger had been distinctly told that the Govern- ment would not consent to discuss any modification of article 4 of the London Convention of 1884. Mr. CURZON, in response to a request from Mr. J. Morley, read the telegrams and despatches which had induced the Government to order the advance up the Nile to Akasher.

Mr. J. H. Wu-sox brought before the House the article referring to, him in the previous day's " St. James's Gazette," and abked the House, in its own interests, to appoint a committee to inquire into the truth os other- wise of the charges made against him. Mr. BALFOUR said it did not appear to him that the Hulse was a fitt- ing body to appoint a tribunal to rehear a case which had already been brought before one of the ordinary tribunals. There was na response to Mr. Wilson's appeal for the appointment of a" Committee of Honour," and the House proceeded to the next business. Mr. H. WHITELEY proposed a resolution expressing the opinion that "the instability of the relative value of gold and silver since the action of the Latin Union in 1873 has proved injurious to the best interests of this country," and urging the Government to do all in its power to secure by international agreement a stable monetary par of exchange between gold and silver. Sir W. H. HonmswonTn seconded the motion. The Chan- cellor of the Exchequer (Sir M. HICKS-BEACH) made a statement, in the course of which he declared that the , Government were prepared to join in a conference to I consider the evils arising from the fluctuations in the respective value of gold ond silver, but they were not prepared to interfere with the currency of this country. The resolution was eventually put and carried without a division.

In the House of Lords the Earl of Rosebery put severa questions to the Prime Minister with regard to the Soudan Expedition. Lord Salisbury declined to produce the telegrams from Egypt. The military authorities, with Lord Cromer's approval, recommended an advance "towards the dervishes for the double purpose of check- ing them and helping to relieve Kassala." Later in the sitting it was pointed out to the Premier that the tele- grams which he refused to produce bad been read to the House of Commons by Mr. Curzon. The noble Marquis thereupon read the three telegrams which Mr. Curzon had read to the House of Commons. They were, he explained, " selected."

===== 0002601_18960321_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday Mr. BAILEY moved the second reading of the Poor-law Officers Superannuation Bill. He said the Act passed in 1864, being permissive, had operated very harshly in the case of many deserving officers where the guardians declined to avail themselves of it. The present bill was intended to remedy that defect. Captain NORTON seconded the motion. Mr. H. C. PrxrixErr asked that Ireland might be included in the bill, and Mr. Bailey assented. Mr. Looss objected to the measure on the ground that it sought to compel boards of guardians to pension their officials with money taken out of the local rates. He moved the rejection of the bill. Mr. J. BURNS seconded the amendment. After some further discussion, Mr. Logan withdrew his amendment, and the bill was read a second time and then referred to a Standing Commit- I tee on Law. The second reading of the Agricultural Produce (Marks) Bill was moved by Mr.Munisev. He explained that the object of the bill was to secure that all foreign and colonial meat exposed for sale should bear a label or mark to that effect, and that every vendor of such meat should have in a conspicuous position in his shop a sign with the words" dealer in foreign and colonial meat." Every dealer in such meat would have to be registered in a register kept by the local authority, and the register would be open to inspection. The rejection of the bill was moved by Mr. Parker-Smith.Mr. RITCNIE, who denied that the bill was intended to lead to Protee- tion, suggested that it should be read a second time and referred to a Select Committee. Mr. BRYCE regarded the bill as substantially Protectionist in its character. After further debate Mr. Mildmay moved the closure. 'I he Speaker accepted the motion, which was carried by 224 votes to 98 The motion for the second reading was carried by 239 votes to 82, but on the motion to refer the bill to a Select Committee objection was taken, and tbe motion stood over.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 7th March, 1896. During the week, which was the 10th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were regietered :

Births. Deaths. Warrington 36 24 Latchford

Total 39

The excess of birthwover deaths was 14. The death rate from all causes was equal to 22.3 per I,ooo,against 21.9 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 30•6 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zyrnotic diseases was equal to *8 per :,000, against 4.1 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 5-5 the corresp,lnding week of 1895. The ages of mortality were- - 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 9 2 12 2 25

The deaths included-1 from 'typhoid fever, 4 from phthisis, 1 from cancer, 1 from goitre, 1 from old age, 5 from lung disease, 6 from brain disease. 2 from heart disease.

The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Sa.rlet fever 2 cases,enteric fever. 3 cPses, puerperal fever. 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital on Mar. 7th-18. The Rainfall measured 1.25 inch. The general direc- tion :4" tlr wirwls S.W. The reading of the Anemo- meter denoting 3,105 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

FRONI BRAIN 70 KEY BOARD. MACDONALD SUMPS SYSTEA FOR

TOUCH AND TECHNIQUE.

As acquired and in daily use by Professionals and Amateurs In all pasts of the United Kingdom, in the United States, Canada. Australia, &c. " The great, the supreme merit of Mr. SMITH'S System consists in the fact that it involves the total abolition and disestablishrnent of all that terrible scale-practicising and five-finger exercising from which the much-enduring next door neighbour has suffered so grievously and so long."— "Westminster Gazette."

" It is clear that Mr. MACDONALD SMITH has studied the subject carefully and acts upon well-ascertained sclentifiC grounds."—" The Daily Telegra..h." Complete course of Six Lessons, Personal, £6 65.; by Core respondence, £3 35.; Personal (class of 3), £3 3s. LECTURE at MUSICAL ASSOCIATION, TRINITY COLLEGE, &c., Post Free. Seven Stamps. ENLARGED PROSPECTUS, POST FREE. MACDONALD SMITH, STEINWAY HALL,

15, LOWER SEYMOUR-STREET, LONDON, W. at

DON'T WASTE lIIONEY By purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice.

BI DDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED CO., LO UG HBO ROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the world, and thereby defy competition. 3000 VARIETIES 3000 of vegetable and flower seeds are supplied by us in

===== 0002601_18960321_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY PACKETS,

and every one of the best quality in conveniently small quantities.

COLLECTION OF VEGETABLE SEEDS REMARKABLE VALUE. COTTAG E R:8 COLLECTION, 23 varieties 2s. 6d., carriage paid 3s. AMATEUR'S COLLECTION, 40 varieties ss. carriage paid. All the very bast quality, and guaranteed much above nominal value. These collections are parcelled-up and sold by thousands, or they could not be sold at the price.

LISTS OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SER

GRATIS AND POST FREE.

OUR COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE containing 500 Illustrations, price One Shill rig, post free, returnable to customers.

ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.

GRASS SEEDS.

PURITY AND GERMINATION GUARANTEED.

ONE, TWO, OR THREE YEARS' LEY,

FROM Bs. PER ACRE.

TEMPORARY PASTURE MIXTURES,

FROM 12s. 6D. PER ACRE.

PERMANENT PASTURE MIXTURES.

FROM 20s. PER ACRE.

CARRIAGE PAID.

SELECTED SEED GRAIN.

WRITE FOR CATALOGUE.

LITTLE AND BALLANTY NE.

THE QUEEN'S SEEDSMEN,

CARLISLE.

DR. BERTELLI'S CATRAMIN PILLS (Globular shaped Pastilles.) FOR

COUGHS,

CATARRH,

INFLUENZA.,

CONSUNIPTION.

This celebrated Medicine is strongly recommended for alf affections of the Throat and Lungs. It is invalu able for Singers, Lecturers and Clergymen. Price is. 14,-d. and 2s. 9d. per box. To bs obtained of all Chemists and the Wholesale Agents, W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London, C.C.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE,

INVALUABLE FOR

COUGHS, BRONCHITIS & ASTHMA TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives nistantirolief in Corpumption Diarrho3a, Bco. Towle's Chlorodyne. r/t, for 24 doses. TAKE NO OTHER.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Airx-ycovoctvr.,q,.. A NO. 3:

CYCLES for Ladies and Gentle men 30 per cent saved. Easy terms, 1893 Lists of new and. Second hand Cycles, post free.

,A\v•eh3e

===== 0002601_18960321_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
MACHINES SENT'SARRIAGE' PAID THE •

;ITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING. Co. 45, Itiverton Road, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,e€M,h•&

, • 5

===== 0002601_18960321_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
c9,ot

cr

GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Piety:ant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Agee. Try them and prove their value tor yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, is. id. and 2s. 91., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from bole Proprietors PRITCHARD S LTD. CH 1!: MIST. CHEADLE, MA NCH ESTER.

Er 'WHEN AND WHERE'? The Tea-tre • was a wild and natural " *growth in the primeval fores's fringing the * Himalayan foothills Its steds was pr ob- „srably carried thence into the upland ofChins, and Japan long ere lust n'y b, gan. Though 419 the quaint Chinese infused and used the *kindly leaf for ages before the Christian era. * it was never known in tingland until some

lirthree centuries ago. And even then,so rare in London was the precious leaf, that courtiers SIC paid ten guineas for a- lb. of It. Think of * that and compare it with the mere twenty- Alt 1 pence a lb.. which you pay BROOKE, BOND'S for tea that's even better. * The Chinese call it ' tsha.' told. in the Sit

days of good Queen Anne, our fore-mothers * and the poet Pope sounded Its linglish . . .

name as tay ' as, indeed. do the French

- - to-dad. Up till three-and-thirty ye4ra ago, all the AP. • _ . _

*ten Consumed in the United Kingdom came : from China, yet, now, very nearly all the

tea we British drink is proluccd on the *British soil of Ind.a and Ceylon. This vast 34x: change in our nAtioin-il taste is chiefly due to the fact that the leaf grown and cured in - * our Indian Epmire is purer. stronger, * - - better altoge her than tint of China. And * whenever you want to prove how good is the most carefully blended product of India 'Ark and Ceylon, jut R.). or e:-ntl to one of * OUR AGENTS, WHO ARE HVERYWHERE,

for one of the well-known packet, sold at ict- ,:r 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-,2/4,8, 2/8 ALB. 4011"

•* BROOKE, BOND & CO., 2ir LIMITED. *

* THE I NoASItIIiA WAREHOUSES, * PWCADILT. 5, 1 29, HARKET CALUTCHESTER. :4C '4* *

===== 0002601_18960321_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
, .) , l I, :4r 1 . i' .; „ .. i -.4 ; . ~ I , I ; I i ~ , , .. i , - 't , -, .. ' 1 ~.. 1 , 1 I • ki , ' t , , , , I • , , . . i. , , , , . . , i , I . , 1 , ' , , • , 1 / ••• I t • 1.1 ' r .. , . •

===== 0002601_18960321_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18960321_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I 14,

===== 0002601_18960321_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
he " Cynthia " &mtg.

PREPAID ADVERTISMIENTS.

I ming under the following nean, are inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Oh CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMEN TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIP WA.N,ED , APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, PEOIFIc ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES To BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week, Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os 9d ... is 106 31 Od 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
(113IntOttt iPtrbantsS, Szt. about 16; Gene- ral-30 MANLEY-ROAD, Alexandra Park, Manchester.

QOOD SERVANTS of every description wanted. No fee until sulted.—Apply Mrs. AEPINALL, 10 Bold-street, Liverpool.

QBEIVANTS with good reference WANT RD, for all kinds o L 7 situations ; good wages; no charge till suited.-11Eors- TRY , 61, Church-st.,Bgremont. - - - --

ROSCOW, Servants' Agency. 1. Ridgefield. Man- cheater, Is in want of good Servants of every descrip- tion ; no booking fee.

IVANTBD,COOK-GENERAL ; age 22 to 26, good refer- ences.—Apply by letter, stating wages, to Dr, THORN- TM, Southport.

WANTE f) strong WOMAN as General. able to wash and iron, 6s. per week, comfortablo home.-87, ROCHDALE ROAD. Harpurhey. Manchester.

EMPLOYERS and SERVANTS. note removal of JAQUES'S “Thirsk " Servants Registry, to 29a, St. Nieholas-st., Scarborough. Established 34 years.

WANTED, good General SERVANT, for small hotel, London. 30 years of age. Good character.—Address T. C., Examiner Office, Warringt

NVANTBD, General SERVANT, 18 ; good home. no chil- dren ; references required.—BRIGHTMORE INN, 56, Maskell-at., Rusholme road, Manchester.

IVA.NTHD, good GHNBRAL ; must be good cook, with knowledge of waiting at table; age about 24.—Mrs. PLEKER, blasgow House, Llandudno.

WANTED, a SERVANT WOMAN, for a farmhouse. good wages, one able to milk and fond of children.—Apply, BENJAMIN HAMINETT, Bryn Farm, Little Hulton, near Bolton.

WANTED. Situation as GARDENER; experienced in all branches ; single ; age 26 ; excellent character from last, empIoyer.—PRITCEARD, Nursery House, Dorrington, Salop. ,

GBNBRAL.—Wanted thoroughly respectable young PER- SON ; family of three, one who can plain cook ; good wage to one suitable.— Apply DUNEDIN. Wilbraham-road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy. Manchester.

WANTRD (country), Cheerful GIRL as bseful help, young baby and little girl 5, able to sew, and assist with light housework. References and wages.—Mrs. KING- . Whitley House, Shepley, near Huddersfield.

WANTED a strong honest GIRL about 16 for housework and to assist in chip potato shop. good home to a suit- able girl.—Apply 56, LONDON-ROAD, Blackburn.

COACIIMAN-GROOM seeks situation; abstainer; obliging: married ; age 26; can be recommended by present empkwer.- FIR GROVE. Lydiate, Liverpool.

WANTED. GIRL (bright, intelligent), to assist in house- work; age 14; wages Bs. per month.—Apply Mrs. HEMINGWAY'. 10, Wellington-road, Southport.

WANTED, at once, Capable GENERAL, for private family, washing, Comfortable home.—Write, Mrs. A.BPINALL, 27, Saunders-street, Southport,

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT for small private family; plain cooking; part washing must have good references; Protestant.-138, EASTBOURNE-ROAD, Birk dale, Southport.

A/I ALE and FEMALE NURSES ITITUTION, 70, Hope- -M. street. Liverpool.—Establ shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr.ph.---" /uraes," Liverpool. elephone. 570

===== 0002601_18960321_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ante.

AGRDITS —£2 per week easily made by selling Illuminated Lords' Piayers.—HAßMS, artist, Merthyr.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils; liberal commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

WANTED two GIINBRALS, one 16 years; one 14 years; with coaracter.—Jolix PLANT, Bloiwich, near Walsall.

-- INTANTBD, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxtol

DUBSSMAKIN G.—Wanted oxperienced bodice hands, als° improvers to live out.—STRETCH AND liattLocx, hatitiVlch.

BIITCHER.—Young MAN, strong, requires situ.tion some knowtedo of trade.—PARKHR. Eastern tireen,

Coventry.

AWINTi WANTED for 2s. Nizkel Silver Fountain Fen. bample. post free.—LOYERIDGE, 24, The Urove, .kating, London.

AGENTS WANTED for Rubber Stamps ; whole or stare tint ; best Goods; exceptional value.— UPPLNGTuS lo.scroior, Wine Office Court, London, EX.

"BUCKINGHAM GOODS. jewellery, watches, hardware, toys, cycles. furniture. wringers. Agents wanted. Wholesale book free. HENRY MAY, birmindidni.

ERILLIANT GLASS CUTTERS WANTED. or Improvers ; good wages.—Moluds and boa, 239, Kennington Road, Lambeth. London.

- 9 IEA I TEA. 1! TEA I WANTED, responsible AGENTS .1 to push the celebrated KEYSTONE TEAS, in town and country.—Apply PLANTEIt. 67 Brook-st., Kennington, London, S.E.

AGENTS Wantad everywhere to sell Imperial Meta POLISH, sold In Id„ 21., 3d. boxes; one ouzel] alainples 11etal Plata POishlug Company, 11 Finsbury-square, London, C.

110M11 EMPLOYMENT. WANTaD a few IiANDS. Light and easily learned work for srare moments ; either sex. Applicants must epalose stammWddres:od en- velepe.-6. lEPorr, Fruisted, l3msworth, Hants. SIIOP WANTED : by a large Groeery Firm, must be in best Position of principal inarketing thoroughfare ot Widues. Give full particulars of measurements, lease, rent, /to. •to Box 52, SELLS Advertising Offices, Fleet-street, London. GBNTS WANTBD.—Latest patented Novelty for men's It wear, hygienic, many in use and highly approved; good profits to be made by Agents. Send 3s. ficl. for samples, staling size of hat worn, to ItruLE SG Co.. ifia aasman Road, Clapham.

IIOMO EMPLOXIC 4 INT, 58. to s. weekly (either sex); .: plain writers preferred; book agency correspondence; copying addresses. ;no canvassing; good payment; specimen copy and instructions is.; geneine.—Addie.s saoonisorr.Alverthorpe, Wakefield.

108. 6 eD. to ex xsifoAr Wepliar bosuarl.7 eovffeerrahet,ore.eit4tr work can be done ev.inings.—Apply. enclosing addressed en- velope. to F. PXYNTER, it CO, (it. 25), Albert House, St. Mary Church. Torquay.

SUM' WANTISti - by a large Grocery rirrn, muat be in best position ol priucipal marketing thoroughfare of St. Helet.s, Give full particulars of measurements, lease, rent a.u.. to Box 52, SELLE Advertising Offices, Fleet-street, I.oadue. B.U.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
li.tbv&torit,

MANCiII in horses, dogs, cats, an irnallible cure, never fails. Price Is. 6d.—J. CODLING, 302, Abbey-street, Darby.

BUYBBS .3! HONEST PBBDING PIGS reasonable should read my NEW OIRCULA.R. "Row I Sopply."—R. L. G.Lanarr. Barton, Ampthill. Beds. Name paper.

fIN SALE. Choice of 2 HORSES, each 5 years old, 15.3 ki hand* v.s. and trial allowed. £2B and £2B, t uitabla for van or lurry.—Apply CIA.LLIFORD, 32, Wargrave-road, Earlestown.

AXTIID one HORSE (or pair), for Brougham work— grey preferred, 15-3. about 5 years old. Strong and _good mover. —Addr,ss, stating price and full particulars, " GBetar," Po.t Office, Mold. Flintshire.

M o"dtp,,MseA No 7 Oa r4gse, (IS nthyn 's;cs t ToertirsPi; ref oar dn ,d halal .other pure bred PIGS from Bs., 10s, 125,. 145., 161., 188., 20s 225.. 2,55 ; all warranted healthy and strong. and as old and good uther advertiser ; c rriage paid on four and up- -wards ; by taking over four I deduct Is. per head.

DRETTY POLLY ! Yes. the "Parrot Trick' has been -I- worked successfully many a time and oft. Your safest plan iito go to some large importer and purchAse direct from him. Of course it is his aim to supply good birds. as ,cach one is an advertisement. Remember his address rt- mains the same, while th.._ swindler changr his repeatedly.— Copied from the • Yorkshire Weekly Post. —W11.1.1.1,11 CROW Liverpcmi. the Largest Importer of Birds, Beast.. and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages. ______-------

S"E SHOULDERs, SORE BACKS, ac., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary rook free from 61, Tarnmill-Street, E. C. Iforses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises troken knees, •cracked heels. grease or thrush. CUNED -in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubt.ed off. Prices, 13 oz. is.; 20 oz . 'r',:i. C 4 all Chemists. , VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing disewieB )f tiorses, Dogs, tic. frora CONDY'd FLUID W081E8,61. T. rimiii-street, London,E .C. ,

IlifortUantoug.

-

BDRABS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &c.—CHABLEB R. HALL. 63 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

ON SALE, MA.NURR WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKIN% 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.. "A LBOLHINE," a specially prepared Paraffin, is the best 1:1 remedy for weak halt; is. 3d. and 23. 6d. pest paid. —Uurr AND CROW, IAWIShaDI. X

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.

HMORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-St., Bloomsbury. , W.C. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Moulding, Yen eared and Fancy Wood Mouldings.&c. Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just put. lished. 107 pages containiug all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram RABBITRY. London."

BECOMI4 Your Own Master.—A splendid living guatan. teed every smart roan in city, town, or village who obtains the following Trade Recipes. Thest3 gcods are easy to make, and easier to sell; outlay is small, t rofit enormous. No. 1 : Recipe required in every homehokl ; 28. investment returns £l. No. 2: Speciality for disengevd clerks, travel- lers. Jec. ; ICs. yields £7. No 3 : Most saieable article; 10d. in the is. profit. No. 4 : Domestic article ; sells rapidly ;9, In the is. profit. ' No. 5 sells everywhere ; 15s. returns £7. The whole post free is, 6(1 —BRITISH NOVELTY Co., 12a., Boar-lane, Leeds N.B.—We will make a splendid gift worth 10s. to every purchaser of our recipes this week.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 21, 1896.

Otortllantoug.

HOPS, with recipe to make 9 gallons of good ale is. 9d. free.—WHITE, 50 Gibbon-road, S.B. z

TO BU SOLD at 1, Harke-street, Tunnel Road, Edge Hill, Liverpool, 8 Horses, 8 Cabe, 1 Four-wheeler, Harness, all Stable Utensils, Rugs, Mats, Lamps, eta.

MOUSTACIIIOS 1 Genuine hair producer for Itlonstacbios by eminent doctor. Guaranteed successful. Ittclpe 5 stamps, free.-131toos.s. Hornflean,Hants.

Vubitt INugzss, Beerhoustl, &e.

Co be tel.

ARMSF RSTATES, 'MIDI:MORS ; Rents from 6s. acre. prices from £6 acre, Rutter's Monthly List post free 2d. 6, Newbridge St., London.

rilo LRT.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply AsuTo _L and Woons, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

_ attorko, 13u5inezizto, etr.

G- ENT' SAPIITY ; equal to new; detachable tyres, brake, lamp, bell, &c., £6 108—Buanows, 224 Stretford-road, Mancheste.-

LADY'S SAFETY; new at Christmas ; detachable tyres, dress guard and gear case, cost £l6; price £9 10s— BURROWS, 224 Stretford-read, Manchester.

28 EACH, LADIES and GENTS' Dunlop PNEUMA- TICS, qnite new; £l5 two. worth £25, buying tandem. Cycle, CooKE's Advertising Agency, Worcester. x

DARGAIi. high grade PNEUMATIC. detachable tyrla,leading rnake,latest improvernenta.scarcely Boiled. coat £lslsB..sacrifice £7. PatcE,Hatter.N owpor t-on-Uak • x

===== 0002601_18960321_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
egg, Vonltrp, Scr.

_ . t 'IIIICKENS 2s. each. car paid 2s. 6d.; Farmers fresh eggs NJ 161bs guaranteed.—FßA.NK ADS, Armagh. a

===== 0002601_18960321_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
earriages, ta,solnturO, Zftr

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DISPEN- SARY.—Notice is Hereby Given that the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Governors of the Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary %ill be held at the Masonic booms, Bold-et., Warrington on THURSDAY, 26th March, 1896, at Three o'clock in the afternoon. J. L. TUNSTALL, Hon. See. Dated 14th March, 1856.

BICYCLES

BICYCLES

13wYcLES

BICYCLES

BICYCLE

BICYCLES

LANCASHIRE CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER THE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE "EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning•

A MONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining mber of the" LEVIATHAN " SIIEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKIbiCt M IMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS.

ff(usiral Instruirttntsi.

ODuration.

TBE PRINCIPALS of GIRLS' COLLEGE, Formby, having a pupil preparing for London matri- cutation would like another to join her.

rr HE HIGH SCHOOL, boardiug school for boys, Fairhaven, St. Annes-ori-the-Sea ; sound education; situation unsurpassed; terms moderate. Prospectus on application to the Principal.

gmless bp Zurtion.

BY MR. WILLIAM ELLIS.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Olonev.

PRINTING FOR ifOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS,

BOOKBINDING!

JOHN -WALKER AND CO.

Silarbtnap, Scr., on spair.

ONDON.—TAY HOTEL. 154. Ruston Road (3 minutes te' King's Cross, St. Vallecas and Ruston Stations). Bed and attendance 2s. 6d. Highly recommended.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD Ingle Skeet, sft. Sin. by 3lt. 9ill. THE LARGEST 111 TEE DISTRICT.

FURNIE E R

17, 19, and COMIUNIC

IVIARVELT SECON. GIT

TOWN

STRAIGI

Mr. GER-ti, .ng, and each ( advertieern

• _ GERSI beware of base puff their secoi inferior.

Mr. GERSII andJustioe," and from whic t `e.

GOODS

GOODS

Any lot adv Iyateni a a ch. / Goods excha vnrchase or ta Louses of furn

LATE TII Complei 'furniture for t bedstead, mat bolster case. r Price 14 guine system. Call and in!

GI 44, Oldham-

T ATE ti] 1-41 A Chart oonsists of dit table, carpet, pole complete wood), enelosi enclosed watt lug mirror, tt handsome bla bed, bolster, Cases, toilet s Cloth for sami the lot. Get marvel of che deferred pap]

GERSHO 44, Oldham-s

LATE T 1 Anothe those about f room,drawin, amount of eu and see them Per cent. est:

GERSHOI 4. Oldham-i

LATE T

This lot vn them; the 1, Oent dining-r £25). the dre in satin wait oil painti ig space preven Don't forget £5B, or 5 pe

===== 0002601_18960321_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSTIC

L ATE 1 MERC

The goods eMsequence Mutes that 1 - ho me like i • remark that %hi. 13 rooms, qeoleums. a Clom to telec Utd various quality. Al lot, which I 5 ter etc:, e:

GRRSTIO *l4. Oldham

LATE '

Such a ni, (padded bar spring stuff, board to In; dining table bordered, a beauty, 30s, the entire d Cent extra o

GERSHC 44, Oldham

ATE JL.4 A cha saddle bags Small ctrtin Price now, . Making a Sent. if on t

GHRSTIC 44, wham LATE

Without ever seen. ost h,nds all upholst The handso dining tab many. I a] had for 68 simply mai suite is in positive fac en offer for nutwood ea better, it r ise had or

GERSIEI( 44. Otdban LATE

A Numb isith bevel tubed ; en shav7ng mi gooJB are A woods ; pri Suite, ; 27 gnineas system.

GERSHI 44

LATE

Several nice lidiaho glass foldit with mph( bit. wide ; -case ; cost

===== 0002601_18960321_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
vIBIN

GERS3

SECit ote(117 BRING S G.ENU

RILILW. TOMRRS.

ALL GC

,•••••••...........‘'l

_ AUCTION on 25th and 21tb, ster, at 11 eat' LACE CU*

Betabaie

l4dallty Goo' e .I.ssociatio*

Limited. BO'

I. Beitablished

7 for Sale ?SI applicatic a. entered wit-

5 (Permanent) IRCTION wrrai Private mort-

1," Telephone

AGENT,

'RES, LICIUNGTON ty.

4P.

le cheap ; two r, cheap; et* all kinds of erfi. Thomas-

late Ormeroct theater. have JURY PAT' iupply CAST- Leering Work .riaa onappU.

_ Fithea, Drills, ammers, ttent Duplex 15 to 25 per gle-nrank gas

DELIVERY; 21( blachine. Dad ty 10,000 __machines.

Mills with )ns. Wheeling ing Machines construction. az( and Sort.

I,

more than 40 ;his Establishtton, Woollen,

ice 6d. price is. .A.. VER.

aooDs.

tlillS.

tnd Dablitt•

D N St RET,

ery lipyi to 16

RRINGTON•

t ATION

lIS. &e.

TERER,

3, Cows, &s.. es. I.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS USE MC POUGALL'S PATENT SELFRAISING FLOUR IS THE BEST THE FX A MINER SWIM!SAY, MARCH 21.

F URNISEL THROUGHOUT AT G.ERSHON'S

44, OLDHAM - STREET, MANCHESTER. NEXT TO THE ADELPHI BANK, 17, 19, and 21. HILTON-STREET, all adjoining and COMMUNICATING with 44. OLDHA.M-S TREET, MANCHESTER.

MARVELLOUS BARGAINS IN GENUINE SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, PIANOS, &c., T.OW, DOVESTON, SNOWDON. DYSON, OGDEN, LAMB,

of 1,200 men. This was the most formidable of the attacks made by the Soudanese upon the Egyptian frontiers in recent years, yet it was easily repelled. It was certainly a very striking confirmation the opinion of those military men who held that Wady Haifa was a practically im- pregnable frontier line. It will be seen therefore that as far as military reasons go there is little to be said for a further advance up the Nile. It is of course alleged by the Government that move- ments are reported to be taking place among the Mandists which may possibly portend an attack upon Egypt, but clearly that is in itself no argu- ment for leaving a strong defensive position for a position which can be more easily attacked. On the whole therefore, it is a reasonable conclusion that the present expedition is really dic- tated by political motives. What are those motives? We notice that in some quarters it is suggested:that the expedition has been planned by the Government in order to delay the long- , promised evacuation of Egypt by British troops. ' It is pointed out that once the re-c4nquest of the Soudan is entered upon the evacuation question is indefinitely postponed, for the Egyptian Govern- ment could not by its own unaided resources , carry out such an enterprise. Such an explana- tion as this is in the highest discreditable to the Government, and the country generally will be very reluctant to believe that any body of English statesmen could adopt a scheme so underhanded and truly Machiavellian in order to avoid the neces- sity of dealing openly and candidly with an inter- national obligation. The re-conquest of the Soudan would, looked at merely as a mili- tary enterprise, be an extremely serious undertaking. It would probably mean the destruction of many thousands of human lives and the wasting of an immense amount of treasure,and in the end the onerous ae.d profitless 'obligation of administering the affairs of these arid and bar- barous regions would be thrown upon the British Government. In addition to this the hostility of France—and in these matters France is backed by Russia--7might easily be roused to an extent that would endanger the peace of the world. When all these circumstances are taken into account it is difficult to believe that the re-conquest of the Soudan is the object aimed at. There is, however, another political motive which may be animating our Government, and that is the relief of Italy from some of the difficulties in which she is involved through her attempts at conquest in Abyssinia; and in fact both Mr. BALFOUR and Mr. CURZON admit that it is expected the expedition will divert some of the forces of the Mandi from the projected attack upon the much-harassed Italians. Mr. CURZON in alluding to the Jtalians described them as "our staunch allies," and naturally it is now asked what is meant by this phrase. Has this country entered into an alliance with the Italians and through them with the Triple Alliance? If • that be so this unexpected movement of troops on the Nile may lead to some startling developments on the European continent. Under these circum- stances it is satisfactory to hear that the Liberal leaders in the House of Commons are determined to insist upon more light being thrown upon the Government's foreign policy. Lord SALIKSURY'S methods have not hitherto been so successful that the country can afford to leave hire an entirely free hand.

AN article which appears in Blackwood 's Magazine " for SE?uhmooelbuory. „ this month would almost lead one to believe that in these days the humorists—that is, the unconscious humorists—are all in the ele- mentary schoo's. At all events the examination papers of the rising generation are an inexhaus- tible source of amusement. The schoolboy seems to be able to evolve quaint conceits not only from the lighter subjects with which he is invited to deal, but even from the dryest of dry sciences. One youthful economist, for instance, in dealing with the question of penny dinners for school children declared that "Each child receives a good deal more than a pennyworth, but the loss is not great when a great many children buy." A budding sanitarian declares that "The water communica- tion should be stopped, as water is the greatest carrier of the germs of typhoid fever." One is almost disposed to think that certain rural sanitary authorities are sarcastically alluded o in the statement that " the water that is used is carefully analysed, and wh en anything is found likely to cause dis ease, it is entirely disregarded." "Car bonny cassia " is a new way of spelling carbonic acid, and the writer of " Lack tail ducks" evidently knew more about aquatic fowl that he knew about the "lacteal ducts." Certain youthful hygienists have solemnly propounded the following maxims ; "Every house not yet infected should be disin- fected ;" "The body is covered with little holes ;" "For tea she might get a little cocoa " The nurse should not mix with anyone except the doctor ;" "One breath of morning air is worth a dozen of moonlight." There is a lack of hi storical accuracy in the assertions that " John Weslgy joined the navy in 1779, and by degrees rose to be Duke of'Wellington," and that " Pym was a cora- .. parnon of Hampden in the ship called the Pilgrim Fathers which sailed to America in 1620." We perceive greater confusion still over the Inames of historical celebrities in reading that "Sir THOMAS More lived in the reign of WILLIAM; he was a great poet; some of his poems were Ccelebs in search of a wife," Ye am' The Descent of Man.' Mariners of England,' He was also one of the greatest preachers of his time." Even sacred narrative is misapprehended occasionally. "Why was there no room in the inn ?" asked a teacher who had been rehearsing the story of the Nativity at Bethlehem. "Because it was pay day" promptly replied a little fellow belonging to a mining village where the miners were paid fortnightly or monthly.

EARLESTOWN AND DISTRICT MEDICAL AND SURGICAL AID SOCIETY. PRESIDENT LORD NEWTON. A PUBLIC MEETING WILL BE HELD at the CO-OPERATIVE HALL, EARLBSTOWN, on TUEiDAY NEXT. MARCH 24TH. 1896. CHAnistrae:—C. B. F. BORRON, C.C., J.P. Addresses will be given on the work and objects of the Society. Admission free. All are earnestly invited to attend. Doors open at 7.30, to commence at 8 p.m.

THE APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS. At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee of the Runcorn Urban Council on Thursday morning the appointment of overseers was under consideration, and it was decided to recommend the Council to re-appoint the retiring overseers, Messrs. Taylor and Imison. RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

The last concert of the season by the members of the Runcorn Musical Society will take place in the Pu blic Hall, Runcorn, on Thursday evening, when a grand Lenten performance of "Eliph " will be given. For the performance of this important work an augmented or- chestra and chorus of 130 performers will arpear under the conductorship of Mr. F. H. Crossley. Special ar- tistes have been engaged for the leading parts, including Miss Ada Patterson, Miss Alice Bertenshaw, Mr. Thur- gate Simpson, and Mr. Bautock Pierpoitit. Mr. Pier. point's name is so well-known in the musical world that it is not necessary here to commend him to the Runcorn public. It may be safely predicted that an excellent evening's concert will be provided. Sr. JOHN AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION.

The result of the recent examination of the members of Dr. McDougall's class has just been received. The suc- cessful candidates are as follows :—Elementary—George Edward Aston, Thomas Chamberlain, Charles Glover, Willsam Gasket', William Gregory, Henry Gatley, J. F. Edwards,W. El. Harvey,John Boughton ,William Hough- ton, Henry Heath, Thomas Inglesfield,ElwardKey,sen., William Kendrick, James Marsh, George McNorton,Wil- liam Neild, George Rider, Elijah Roberts,John Robinson, S.S. Stubbs, F.J.Walker,and J.W. Walker. Re-examina- tion—Thomas Bazloy, H. J. Bradshaw, Thomas Butler, George Bancroft, George Dale, Joseph Ellis, Robert Foulkes,William Gell, Edward C. Hicks,J. F.Le Couteur, S. D. Matthews, Edward Newton,George Henry Walton, Arthur Wright, and William Wylie. Final examination —J. U. Bosworth, P. Booth, J. W. Juett, R. Lee, Arthur Morris, John Ridgway, B. Tushington, and William Wil- liams. The members who have passed the final exami- nation are entitled to medals. The result shows that 88 per cent, of the class have passed. TEA AND CONCERT IN THE PRIMITIVE METHODIST SCHOOLROOM.

With the object of raising funds towards the circuit fund, a tea meeting and concert were held in the Primi- tive Methodist schoolroom,on Wednesday evening. The following ladies presided at the tables :—Mesdames Upton, A. Davies, J. Stubbs, R. Stubbs and Collier,and Misses Hoxworth, Sayle and Myles. The after proceed- ings were presided over by Mr. William Upton. The programme was then proceeded with. Mr. A. Shingler received an encore for his singing of "The Yeoman's Wedding," and a similar compliment was paid to Miss Terry.of Frodsharn, who sang "The Holy City." Mr. Greenwood,who it may be stated, won the cornet solo competition at the Widnes Eisteddfod. performed a cornet solo, and he was succeeded by Miss Bradshaw; who sang "The Gift." The son. " Mary Lee" was in- terpreted by Mr. Parry, and Mr. song Aston, of Prod- sham, received an encore for his singing of " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep." He responded with " The Wild Winds Blow" Messrs. Shingler and Parry contributed a duet. and Miss navies followed with " Home Deane Home." A humorious recitation was given by Mr. G. Aston, and an interesting item was an action song en- titled " The Cricket Club," which was given by the junior members of the Beehive Sewing Class. " True till Death " was next sung by Mr. J. Stubbs, and Miss Wilson was loudly applauded for her singing of "The Star of Bethlehem. A second cornet solo was rendered by Mr. Greenwood. He per- formed the test piece at the Widnes Eisteddfod,and was encored. The two concluding items were a song by Mr. F. Shingl•r,and an action song by the senior members of the Beehive Sewing Class. The duties of accompanist were satisfactorily fulfilled by Mr. W. Grounds.

13,IINCORN AND THE SHIP CANAL

A CONFERENCE AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday afternoon, a conference took place at Runcorn between representatives of the Manchester Ship Canal Company and members and officials of the Run- corn Council. On behalf of the company there were present—Mr. Bythell (chairman of the company), Mr. Collier (Bridgewater Canals Undertaking), Mr. Meadow- croft (Runcorn agent), Mr. F. Wiswall, C.E. (engineer of the Bridgewater Undertaking), and Mr. Taylor (auditor on behalf of the Manchester Corporation. The deputa- tion from the Runcorn Council consisted of Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., E. Imison, J.P., J. W. Lightburn, J. Pritchard, D. Bisbrown, G. H. Kirkham, J. Jones, F. A. Lake (law clerk), and J. Wild- ing (surveyor). The first meeting place was near the recently finished slipways at the Old Quay. The representatives of the Council had several complaints to make with regard to these slipways for the repair of vessels. In the first place it was contended that the depth of the water was insufficient to admit of large vessels reaching the slip- ways at the normal height of the tide. They also pointed out that the charges for the use of blccks upon which to rest the vessel during repair,were excessive to a degree, and were a hindrance to the free use of the slipways. Then again,with regard to the small graving dock in the Old Quay yard, it was stated that the shipwrights who made use of it were obliged to bring with them their own appliances. This necessitated loss of time, and added considerably to the cost of the work in hand. It was suggested to the repre.enta- Lives of the company that both the slipways and graving dock should be efficiently equipped with all necessary appliances, and that a slight charge should be made for the use of such. After Leiring the complaints and suggestions, Mr. Bythell said, with regard to the depth of the water at the slipways, it was at least three feet deeper than the one which had existed there previously. This statement the Runcorn deputa- tion were not in a position to dense Proceeding to deal with the other complaints, Mr. Bvthell promised that a ' reduction should be made in the liarges for the appli- ances. and it was agreed that Mr. Collier should meet ' Mr. Bisbrown and Mr.tKirkham within a few days hence and arrange a scale oficbarges which should be satis- f ,ctory. Proceeding to the salt tips, the deputation con- tended that the tip was too short for the loading of vessels with broad beams, and that the material would be deposited on the ship's deck instead of in the hold. Mr. Bythell said he had seen the tip at work that day, and he thoeght it would be found very suitable for the work. With regard to the length of it, he was afraid that if it were extended it would interfere with some of the vessels being tied up. He believed the Salt Union Limited :were making arrangements for in- creasing their output from the neighbourhood, and they were providing more storage accemmodation. The Ship Canal Company were anxious to encourage the trade, and he was sanguine enough to believe that a large quantity of coal as well as salt would be shipped from the neighbourhood. The subject of dues and tolls charged for vessels using the Runcorn layby was broached tut the representatives of the company declined to speak on the subject on that occasion, but it is expected that a further conference will be held to consider the matter.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
AND OTHER NOTED MAKERS.

TOWN TALK AND COUNTRY CHAT Subject: BTRAIGHTFORWAI,DNESS. HONESTY, LESS HUMBUG, AND FAIR DEALING. _ Mr. GERSHON is :mused at the advertising war now rag- and each one seems to adopt the same me.ms toy copying his advertisement. Mr. GERSHON implores all intending purchasers to beware of base imitations, who, jealous of his vast triumphs, Duff their secondary goods, but which are in reality much Inferior. Mr. GERSHON takes his stand upon the rock of "Honesty and Justice," which are the guiding principles of his business, and from which precepts time nor tide will cause him to ' 'e.

TERMS OF BUSINESS :-

GOODS PACKED AND DELIVEIfED FREE.

RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.

GOODS STORED FREE TILL REQUIRED.

" REMEMBER."

Any tot advertised may be had on the deferred payment System at a charge of 5 per cent. Goods exchan zed if not :satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will Ipnrchase or take in exckange a siugle article or complete 'muses of furniture.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPARE PRICES.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A BANDMASTER. Complete house of furniture, cqnsisting of the whole furniture for three rooms, sitting room, bcdroom, full size bedstead, mattress, bed, bolster, pillows, sheets, blankets, bolster case, pillow slips, and kitchen complete, all like new; Price 14 guineas, or 5 per cent extra on the deferred payment aystem. Call and inspect them. No harm done if you don't buy.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL ARCADE, 44, OldhaM-street, Manchester. (aext to the Adelphi Bank)

LATE the PROPERTY of a SCHOOLMASTER. A Charmiug House of Furniture, really like new. It oonsists of dining room suite in leather, extending dining table, carpet, rug, fender, fire bras,..es, lace curtains, window Pole complete, magnificent bc !room suite (no& painted, solid wood), enclosed dre,.sing-table, large bevelled glass attached; enclosed washstand, marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shav- i„lig mirror, they form to complete chest of drawers; full-size candsome black and brass bedL-ead, wire spring mattress, bed, bolster, pillows, sheets, blankets, pillow slips, bolster ewe, toilet set, carpet, complete furniture for kitchen, floor- 010th for same, ditto for lobby and stairs. Call End inspect the lot. Get a complete list, and you will say they are a marvel of cheapness for 24 guineas, orb per cent extra on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON, UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44. Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATH THE PROPERTY OF A POSTMASTER. Another complete home, well Ns orthy the attention of those about furnishing, all made by a noted maker; dining- room,drawing-room,three bedrooms complete and kitcheu,anv amount of sundries, all guaranteed, condition is spotless, call Slid see them, packed. warrrnted, and delivered for £3B, or 5 Per coat, extra if on the deferrc i payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, ‘4. Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A DOCTOR AT HIGHER BROUGHTON. This lot was let on hire by a house who charged £175 for them; the lot wants seeing to effect a speedy Bale; magnlfi- Gent dining-room in solid wainut (the sideboard is well worth 0.5). the drawing-room in initid rosewood. the bedrooms are in satin walnut wood and American walnut. grand bedsteads, oil paint' lg. kitchen furniture, dinner set, and sundries; apace prevents anything like a complete list, call to see them. Don't forget they were sent out on hire for £175 ; my price, £5B, or 5 per cent, extra on the deferred payment system.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSHON, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER,

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A MANCHESTER MERCHANT, who was only married seven months. The goods are offered for sale by order of the trustees, in Consequence of death, Every article is like new, and I guar- rantee that no house in Manche3ter Can supply a complete 110tue like it for four times the price quoted. I may here remark that the carpets and floor coverings, being planned to e rooms, I have arranged to supply new carpets and oboleums. and whoever buys the lot will have perfect free- dom to telect tilt same. The dining room, drawing room, kid various bed rooms are furnished with goods of the best ,quality. All I ask is for intending customers to inspect the sot, which I offer for £9B cash, warranted and delivered, or 6 ter CRC extra on the deterred payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44. Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A CLERGYMAN

Such a nice smart Dining Room in Leather : Small chairs (padded back), couch, and easy coairs to match, solid frames, spring stuffed, a dead bargain for £5 15s ; handsome side. board to match, with bevelled glass back, £4 18s. ; extending dining table, to match with extra leaf,3Bs.; large size carpet, bordered, and rug to match, 285.; overmantel, a perfect beauty, 305.; fender, dogs, and fire brasses, fBs, the lot ; or the entire dining-room lot as above for £l6 75., or five per cent extra on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street. Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank

LATE TME PROPVRTY OF MRS. WOODWIN. A charming Suite,which I have re-covered in handsome Saddle bags; the woodwork is second, hand, covering new small chairs. easy chairs, and couch,ail to match; worth £l5; Price now, £5 15s. Cabinet, T.ole, and Overma.ntel to match. making a charming lot for very little money, Add 5 per sent. if on the deferred payment system.

EIERSTION'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street. Manchester next to the Adelphi Ban h.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A BANKRUPT SILK MERCHANT. Without doubt the handsomest fittings for a dining-rosin ever seen. Money candot buy better. The Small chairs are most hrndsomely carved. The lounge chairs and couch are all upholstered in a real crocodile leather, everlasting wear. The handsome sideboard. overrnantel, and large extending dining table are all in dark (neariy black) Chippendale maho- gany. I am informed they cost nearly £2OO ; can now be had for 68 guineas, I have also the drawing room, which is Simply magnificent, and a number of bedroom suites. One suite is in real satinwood, richly inlaid, and I know for a positive fact it cost two years since 250 guineas, and is now en offer for 85 guineas. Another massive suite in solid wal- nutwood cannot be described, it's quite equal to new, in fact. better, it cost £9s—the invoice is in my possession—can now be had or 55 guineas, warranted and delivered.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADIC. Mt. Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE the PROPERTY of an HOTEL PRO- PRIETOR. A Number of Bedroom Suites. Each suite has a wardrobe with bevelled glass door, enclosed dressing-t ble, glass at- tactiel ; enclosed washstand, with marble slab,tile back, and shav'ng mirror; bedside cupboard, rail and chairs. In the goods are Ash, Birch. Walnut, M^hogany, Cyprus, and other woods ; prices. 7,8, 10, 12. 15, and 18 guineas the suite. One Suite, with 6tt. 6in. wardrobe and 41t. toilets, cost £4O, for 27 guineas, or 5 per cent. extra on the deferaed payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

LATE THE PROPERLY OF AN ACCOUNT- ANT. Several BOOKCASES, in various sizes and woods. Very nice Mahogany B )okcase, 41 t. wide, top part enclosed with glass folding doors, moveable shelves, lower portion enclosed 'with cupboards and drawers; price. only £4 18s. Another -51 t. wide ; another 6ft. wide, and a (*rand Carved Oak Book- -case ; cost £BO, for 27 guineas.

ON VIBW AT GERSHON'S_ UNIVERSAL FURNISHING

ARCADIC. 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER,

.G ERSH 0 N , next to the ADELPHI BANK, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

BE CAREFUL, QECOND-ITAND FURNITURE is beina Adver, '3O tiEed, and COMMON NEW LONDON RUBBISH IS BEING SOLD.

GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE

REM Eli i3ER RAILWAY FARES ARE PAID FOR COUNTRY CUS TOMERS.

RKMEMBER,

ALL GOODS ARE DELIVEIVID CARRIAGE Fillet,

EM:CMBER,

GERSHON'S ADDRESS IS NEXT TO ,THE ADELPIII BANK, 44, °LOMA T,l -STREE T, MANCHESTER

===== 0002601_18960321_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE AND CREStIIRE CONSERVA TIVE WORKINGMEN'S FEDERkTION.

A UNIONIST DEMONSTRATION

WILL BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL THIS DAY (SATURDAY), MARCH 21sT, 1896. WHEN ADDRESSES WILL BE DELIVERED BY THE

RIGHT :HON! LORD ASHBOURNE

(Lord Chancellor of Ireland), R. PIERPOINT, ESQ., M.P.. H. SETON-KA.RR, ,ESQ., M.P., COLONEL MILES SANDYS, M.P., CONINGSBY DISRAELI, ESQ., M.P., SIR GILBERT GREENALL. BART., And other Gentlemen. Chair to tw. taken at 7.0 p.m., by J. CHARLTON PARR, ESQ. Doors open at 6.30 p.m.

Admission will be by tickets, application for which must be made to Mr. FL 'brook at the Consery itive Club.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

This Board met in the Boardroom at Dutton Work- house on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. J. Knowles occupied the chair, and there were also present in ad- dition to the members of the Rural Council—the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, the Rev. J. S. Simpson, Messrs.S. Yarwood,A. R. Norman, and T. Lea; Mr. J. Achton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk), and Mr. Cunnah (workhouse master).

===== 0002601_18960321_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
UNTAXED FOREIGN MANUFACTURES

The Whitehaven Union transmitted copy of a petition which they had caused to be presented to the House of Commons, showing the desirability of the Legislature forthwith considering the effect of the present fiscal system of this country and foreign commercial policy, with the view of preventing the unrestricted flooding of British markets by untaxed foreign manufactures from such foreign countries as restrict (or impose tariffs upon) British exports, by which present sys- tem it is believed employment is rendered diffi- cult of attainment, destitution is increased, and trade, labour, and agriculture are prejudicially affected in this country—Mr. Lea proposed that the communica- tion be allowed to lie on the table. This was agreed to. —Mr. Heywood expressed the opinion that the subject deserved more consideration than bad been given to it, and he gave notice that he would introduce the matter at the next meeting.—The Clerk suggested that it be re- ferred to the Parliamentary Committee.—Mr.lieywood : Yes, anyway so that the subject is dealt with. It most vitally affected all Boards of Guardians.—Mr. Lewis : I thought it wanted consideration, but I was afraid that some members would call it protection.—Mr. Lea : I thought this matter was sr-Wed.—The Chairman : It is settled for to-day.—Mr. Heyw, od : It can lie on the table, and be brought up in a fortnight.

THE PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE DINING ROOM. Mr. Samuel Davies, architect and surveyor, Runcorn. submitted a plan, specification and estimate for the pro- posed extension of the dining room at the Workhouse. According to the plan, he calculated that twenty per- sons could dine with comfort at any onetime, leaving sufficient space for atrendants.—lt was decided that the matter be referred to the Dinin, Room Committee.

THE CONTRACTS. The following tenders were ac2epted :—Groceries, E. Gregory, Runcorn; butchers' meat.R. Tickle, Frodsham ; milk, butter, &c., F. Weir, Lower Walton ;drapery and clothing, P. Wright, Halton ; coal, R. Evans and Com- pany Limtted ; boots, J. W. Baziey, Runcorn; drugs. Speakman Bros., Runcorn ; conveyances, F. and W. Yarwood Runcorn; potatoes George Kinsey, Dutton ; coffins, J. Barrow, Halton ; W. Grounds, Aston. This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
HELSBY.

INQUEST.—On Monday morning, Mr. Churton held an inquest at the Robin Hood Inn, on the. body, of Minnie Noden, aged 30 rears, wife of Thomas t' dward Noden, of Robin Hood-lane, Helsby. The evidence showed that on Friday morning,at 2 30,deceised gave birth to a child She was attended by Mrs. Worrall, who remained with her until 4 30. At a quarter to seven her husband noticed tbat she became worse, an immediately went for medical assistance. Death tonic place, however, at seven o'cl*,,k.—A verdict of death from natural causes was re- ,urned.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
CITY OF

Af,A-RKET :43ETS,

'AID. S AND AT

he given meet.

IcheatAr ;

ao, ttr!

EBTER-B0.41).

7 Private and south Shore.

se of piano. lace, Thirl-

5 m-inutes ta, alone). Bea

rge detar...tied , stables. and and. 400 d rs. SALUEN

[OTSLt IT

===== 0002601_18960321_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
02NTRIL

~ Dr. BAlk One of the with evell d golf links' , Galvanisre Proprietor.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?LICA RD

A

===== 0002601_18960321_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, MARCH 21st, 1696.

THE country has been both startled Another Sensation and mystified by the announcement . that another expedition is to be sent into the Soudan from Egypt.- What is the explanation of this remarkable development of the Government's miscalled polky of "repose ?" That is a question which has been asked in both Houses of Farliament,but it has not received any complete or satisfactory reply. Such answers as have been , given by Mr. BALFOUR and Mr. CURZON have in- creased rather than lessened the anxiety felt as to the objects aimed at.. We are told that the reasons tor this advance up the Nile are partly military and partly political. It is stiongly suspected that the real reasons are much more of a political than of a military nature. In fact so far as military opinions go the weight of authority seems to be decidedly adverse to the expedition. It is ad- mated that, for defensive purposes, the present Egyptian frontier at Wady Haifa is about the strongest that could be selected.So far at all events, the bravest and most fanatical followers of the 31Aum have found it impregnable, as they have been disastrously beaten whenever they have made an attempt upon it. The reason for this is that any force advancing from the South must of necessity traverse an immense waterless desert before it can come within striking distance of Wady Haifa, and wken it does emerge from these sandy plains it is almost certain to be so weakened that it is utterly unable to cope with the deend- ing force whose rescurces arc unimpaired. This was prc,ved in 1889 when NEJUMI, one of the most gallant and intrepid of the MAUDI'S emirs, led a troop of 3,300 fighting men against the Egyptian frontier. These men when they set out on their arduous journey were full of vigour and enthu- siasm, but their line of advance was strewed with dead bodies, and when they appeared on the northern margin of the desert they were described by General GRENFELL as a "poor,weakly crowd,dy- ing of hunger and thirst." In the encounter which followed NEJUMI'S army was utterly routed by the Egyptians under British guidance with a loss

===== 0002601_18960321_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPRON EMERY SOCIETY.

At the weekly meeting of thii society on Wednesday evening, Mr. Arthur Dodd read a paper in favour of short sentences. The debate which followed was taken part in by Mr. Walter Millington, and Mr. John Bis- brown. The chair was occupied by Mr. Simister. BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RUNCORN.

Services on behalf of the organ fund were held in this church on Sunday. The preacher was the Rev. John Simpson. In the evening there was a large congrega- tion, when the pastor based his discourse on "Why leave Christ P" tolos were rendered by Mr. A. Shmg- ler and Mr. Parry; the choir sang the anthem "Abide with me," the solos of which were interpreted by Miss M. Reatherington, Mr. W. Lunt, and Mr. A. Shingler ; and the organist. Mr. C. C. Is Couteur, played a solo.

For NADIR BROOCHES, soli silverd name brooches 100, (any name) Government stamped. Presents or Articles for yourself, you may visit DEBERT'S, 10, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL, where yea can get hundreds of articles such as Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. See advertisement (Illustrated Chron- grap'• Watch, 6s. 11d.. etc.), on page 7 f this Paper. -Advt

RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION._

An entertainment given under the auspices of the above society took place on Saturday evening in the Brunner Guild Hall. The chair was occupied by Mr. Bisbrown, and there was a large attendance. Songs were given Isy Misses Hayes, Wilson and Leath- wood ; Messrs. C. Leathwood and J. Lsathwood. trio was sung by Miss Jones, Miss Carter and Mr. Morris, and a quartet by Miss Jones, Miss Carter, Mr. Morris and Mr. Pendlcbury. Readings were givqn by Messrs. Lockett and Jackson, and recitations by Miss Ida Baker, Messrs. Lockett and Jackson' and a dialogue by Masters Edwards and Gough. Miss Baker acted as the accompanist. ALLEGED THEFT AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn Police Court, on Friday morning, before Mr. E. unison, au elderly man named Mark Smith, a tramp, was charged with stealing a pair of sea boots and an evercoat, from the shop ot Arnold Unsworth, Percival-lane, on the 11th inst. It was stated that the goods were seen safe at ten o'clock on Wednesday night, and that they were missed half an hour later. The ac- cused was apprehended at Frodsham on the following day with the articles in his possession. He was handed over to P.C. Gregory, and brought to Runcorn. When charged with the offence he said he had purchased them from another man.—Superintendent Okell asked for a remand until the following Friday, in order to give him an opportunity of ascertaining the previous history cf the prisoner.—The application was grantel IRUNCORN AND WIDNES LIBERALS AT BILLIARDS., The return billiard match between the members of the Runcorn and Widnes Liberal Clubs was played off at Widnes on Wednesday night. The home team, as will be seen from the appended score, ran out winners by 274 points, winniug eight games to ,their opponents four.

RUNC&BN. WIDNES. it Owen lO2 P Quinn H Barnes 55 Jh; Parkinson l5O W Brook J Elliott _ __

R Moon l5O TDe.kin J Green 7O A Parkinson W Carter 11 Green lag J Caldwell J. Crowley l5O T Wright l3B W Page BB R Porter T Lea W Wright l5O J Wh: elan 1,657

1,383 RUNCORN FEHR LIBRARY.

_ A meeting of the Runcorn Free Library Committe-‘ was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, on Tues- day evening, under the presidency of Dir. William Handley. There were also present :—Rev. J. S. Simpson, Mr. W. J. Cunningham, Mr. T. Bfley and Mr. J. D. Jones (librarian). Accounts amounting to £59 17s. 6d. were examined and passed for payment, £36 of which was for rent of ptemises. The following gifts were acknowledged :—From the trustees of the British Museum, supplementary matter for fac-similes of Royal Historical and Literary autographs; by the Federated Institution of Miners' Engineers, Newcastle-on-Tyne, report of proceedings of conference on Inland Navigation and J. H. Merivale's paper on "The Education of Min- ing Engineers" ; from Messrs. T. B. Browne, Limited, ," Press Directory, 1896 " ; Lady Meux "Life of Alexan- der the Great" and free library reports from Clapham, Hove and Widnes. The librarian's report for the month of February showed that 2,308 books were issued, being an increase of 220 when compared with the correspond- ing month of last year. The issues were in the following departments as follows :—'l heology 48, philosophy 8. science 124, history, &c., 171, poetry 12, fiction 1,700, miscellaneous 217, music 33.—The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr. 'EDWARD'S DAY SCHOOLS.

There was a large attendance in the Public Hall, Run- corn, on Tuesday evening (St. Patrick's Day) on the occasion of a concert which had been promoted with the object of rendering financial aid to St. Edward's Roman Catholic Day Schools. The • proceedings commenced' with an overture by the St. Edward's League of the Cross Brass Band under the conductorehip of Mr. Harper of Widnes,and during the evening they performed other selections, including "The Pride of Ireland" aad "Gems of Scotia." Their performances were highly creditable,and were greatly appreciated by the audience. The rest of the programme was provided by Liverpool artistes with the exception of Mr. Fred Walker. of Nant- wich.who sang humorous songs. " Ora Pro Nobis " and " Dear Heart" were sung with much taste by Miss Nora Glynn,and Mr. Fred Rogers was well received for his performances en a one-stringed violin. The re- mainder of the items were of the humorous type,some of Which were more suitable for the music hall thaa for a ' concert platform. Those who took part were Mr. G. A. , Weetworth,Mr. Pat Finnigan,Bros. Greenall,Mr. John G. Purdue, and Mr. Tom Duffey. The only encore was that awarded to Mr. George A. Westworth. The accom- panists • ere Madame Warburton and Miss Mary Purdue CAMDEN WESLEYAN GIRLS' PARLOUR, RUNCORN.

A small sale of work was opened in Camden Wesleyan Schoolroom on Wednesday afternoon by Mr. P. Speak- man, J.P., C.C., with the object of raising funds for the purchase of a piano for the Gin!' Parlour. The room had been tastefully decorated for the occasion with streamers, Zapanese lanterns, &e„ and presented a pleasing appearance. There were but three stalls and these had been daintly set out. They were in charge of the following ladies :—Refreshment, Mesdames Bell, Britland, Dowdle Littler, Lambert, Millinger, Marsh, Morris, Woodward and Miss Temperley ; parlour stall, Miss Norman, Mrs. John Dutton, Mrs. Lightfoot, Miss Littler, Mies Dutton, and Miss F. Dutton ; flower stall, Miss Ternperley, assisted by a number of the junior members of the guild. The following committee was responsible for the o..f.teorations : Messrs. Brown, Holt, Lambert, Millinger,Nancollis, Tickle, Walker,Nay- lor and Rathbone. The arrangements for the amuse- ments which were prqvided in the evening were in the hands of the Misses Bazley, Davies, Glea.ve, Temperley, Woodward, Yates, and Messrs. Davies. Hind, Hopwood, Holt,S. Littler,and Woods. After devotional exercises by the Bev. C. de Putron Gliddon, Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., declared the bazaar open and afterwards was ac- corded a hearty vote of thanks.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAK

FRODSHAM LORDSHIP PARISH COUNCIL.--A meeting of the Parish Council of Frodsham Lerdship was held on Menday evening under the presidency of Mr. Charles Reynolds. A discussion arose as to the ventilation of the sewer at Overton, and it was recommended that the manhole be blocked up and that a ventilating shaft be constructed and attached to a tree on Mr. Edmund's property, as pointed out to the Inspector of Nuisances, on the usual terms, and that the matter be referred to the Joint Committee of Frodsham and Frodsham Lord- ship.—Mr. Lewis moved the confirmation of the minutes at the meet;ng of the Rural Council on Tues. day.—Mr.Heywood said he protested against the recom- mendations being confirmed so far as they related to the closing of the manhole. It belonged to Frodshain and should not be blocked up.—Mr. Williams said they had spent £l7 or £lB to improve it, and if it was now to be blocked up, and other expenses incurred, Frodshain Township would have something to say about it.—Mr. Lewis said that the Lordship would pay the expenses they incurred.—Mr. Williams said the recommendation did not say so.—The minutes were confirmed subject to the matter relative to the manhole, being referred to the joint committee.

- WESLEYAN YOUNG PEOPLE'S SALE OF WORE.—MYS. E. J. Guest, of Elelsby, opened a .small sale of work pro- moted by the young people gn connection with the Trinity Wesleyan Church, on Wednesday afternoon. The sale was held in Trinity Lecture Hall and was well at- tended. The stallholders were: fancy stall, Mrs. Renton and Miss Ken ; refreshment stall, Miss Wrench, Miss Booth, Miss Rimmer and Miss L. Edwards; flower stall, Miss E. Kent and Miss Carter, assisted by a number of little girls. A three-fold object was in view, viz., that of raising funds for the Zenana missions,Dr. Stevenson's Home, and the Rev. Charles Garrett's workpn Liverpool. —Mr. Guest in declaring the sale of work open referred to the success of the Zenana missions. The Rev. It. Renton also addressed the assembly. At night a num- ber of entertainments were given. SUICIuII OF AN OSTLEEL-0a Sionday morning, at the Bear's Paw Hotel, Frodsham, Mr. A. C. Churton held AR inquiry into the circumstances connected with the death of Thomas Flavin, aged 36 years, ostler, who commi.ted suicide by taking prussic acid, on S tturday morning.— George ilassall, ostler at the Bear's Paw Hotel, deposed that on Saturday morning he went into the stable,where he was joined by Plevin, who said he was going to make himself away, and when asked the reason why, he rt- plied that did not matter. He then bade witness "good- bye." Deceased went a few yards from the stable door, pulled a bottle out of his left hand trousers pocket simi- lar to the one produced, and drank the contents. Wit- ness rushed into the house to tell the inmates, and returned immediately, when he found deceased on his back in the loose box, with the bottle in his hand. A messenger was despatched for Dr. Selby, and that gentle- man, who was soon in attendance, pronounced life ex- tinct.—John Maurice Jones, chemist and druggist, Church-st., stated that shortly after 8.30 on Saturday morning, deceased came to his shop and asked for some prussic acid to poison a dog, saying it was for Alec Bate, who was a customer of his.—William Youd, landlord ot the Bear's Paw Hotel, in answer to the Coroner, who wished to knew if any reason could be assigned for the act, stated that through an accident when Flavin was driving he had had to pay £l4O, and had consequently warned him that if anything of the sort occurred again he would be obliged to discharge him. Deceased had been in his employ eight years.—The jury recorded a verdict of "Committed suicide whilst in a state of tem- porary insanity." OPENING OF A NEW ORGAN.—The new organ in con- nection with the Primitive Methodist Sunday School was opened on Sunday afternoon by Mr. William Cooke, of Runcorn, who played selections from the works of Gull- mont, Bach, Mozart. Jude and Tellam which displayed the qualtities of the instrument. Mr. You'd, of Fred- sham, contributed a violin solso. Several vocal selec- t' s were also given. Miss Wilson of Runcorn sang two soks in a finished manner, and Mr. Wesley C. Cooke,also of Runcorn, sang with much effect. "Honour and Arms," and "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," were the two solos sung by Mr. Atherton. The latter solo had been specially composed by Mr. Cooke, and Mr. Atherton din full justice to it. The choir also sang an anthem. The Rev. T. Bransall, conducted the service in the abscence of Mr. John Wilson, of Runcorn. Mr. William Cooke again presided at the organ at the evening service. Mr. Atherton gave a fine rendering of "Nazareth "and Mr. Wesley C. Cooke sang " The Holy City," and " Ora Pro Notes "with great expression.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON G.A.M.Es AND ATHLETICS. RUGBY FOOTB&LL.

The members of the Runcorn team bad the privilege of enjoying a much needed rest on Saturday through the action of the Rochdale Hornets' club. As stated in our previous issue, the Runcorn team strongly objected to journeying to Heywood, when the Rochdale duo had shown such partiality as to be willing to travel to both Oldham and Manninghain. The reason for their doing so ia that they are to be treated generously with the gate money, which will far exceed that which would have been taken on the Runcorn ground. But what is good for the goose is good tor the gander,and considering the importance of a victory to either of the three clubs in their present position, the Rochdale team might just as well have run the gauntlet of coming to Runcorn. But they have thought otherwise, and a week-day match will be the result at an early date. Many Runcornians took the opportunity of the vacant fixture to journey to Warrington to see the champion Manningham team meet the wirepuller, and they were just a little disap- pointed to see the latter lose, for notning would have given them greater pleasure than to have seen the colours of the Yorkshire team lowered.

For the match on Saturday at Runcorn, when the home team will meet Bradford, several alterations in the composition of the Runcorn fifteen have ben made. The team hag been selected as follows Houghton, back; T. Warder, G. Robinson, J. Butterworth and H. Myers, three-Quarter backs; J. Faulkner and J. Nickson, half-backs; W. Faulkner, H. Farmer, R. Reece, S. Walker, G. Moores, 0. Hughes, J. Langley and W. Lightfoot.

'The following is theltiortheru League up to date : Score. Score.

Pd. Won. Lost. Drn. Vor. .Ag'st. Pts. anningham 33 ... 25 ... 8 ... 0 ...23J ... 50 Halifax Runcorn 3l. ... 17 ... 6 8 ...22.9 ... 94 ... 42 Oldham Leigh 32 18 ... 10 ... 4 ~..152 ... 99 ... 40 Hull Br'ghouse Ran. 33 ... 16 ... 10 ... 7 -.164 ... 93 ... 39 Hunslet Bradford Wigan 32 14 ... 11 ... 7 ...186 —lO7 ... 35 Ty idesle v Leeds Liversedge 32 ... 13 ... 16 ... 6 ...210 ...233 ... 29 Widnes *St Helens 0 ... 11 ... 12 ... 7 ...117 ...141 ... 27 Warrington Waketieid T 33 ... 11 ... 18 ... 4 ... 93 .. 236 ... 26 Stockpot t Batley 32 ... 7 ... 18 ... 7 ... 75 —227 ... 21 Huddersfield 33 ... 7 ... 22 ... 4 ...113 ...193 ... 18 Beght'n Ran 3l ... 5 ... 19 ... 7 —lO2 ...162 ... 17 Rochdale H 29 ... 3 ... 18 ... 8 ... 56 ...204 ... 14 ti The Lancashire section is as tollowe _ I

_ Score Score rt,s. Pld. Won Lost Drn For. Ag'st. Leigh Runcorn Oldham Wigan Tyldesley Widnes. Warrington *St. Helens Stockport Rochdale H l4 ... 2 ... 7 ... 5 ... 32 ... 94 9 g'ht'a Ran l6 ... 0 ... 10 ... 6 ... 21 ... 81 6

The Yorkshire section is as follows : Score Score Pte. pm. woe. Lost. Dra For. Ag'st. Manningham 16 ... 13 ... 3 ... 0 —l2l ... 42 ... 26 Halifax Leeds Huuslet l5 8 5 ... 2 ... 61. ... 18 Hull l5 8 6 ... 1. 95 ... 42 ... 17 B'ghouse Han l7 ... 7 ... 7 ... 3 ... 74 ... 45 ... 17 Bradford l3 6 ... 7 5 ... 71 ... 72 ... 17 Liversedge... Wakefi'd Tray 16 ... 5 ... 10 1 ... 44 ...137 11 Batley l7 ... 4 ... 10 ... 3 ... 37 ...102 ... 11 Huddersfield— 15 ... 4 ... 10 . 1 ... 3.5 ... 77 ... 9

ST. HELENS THEATRE ROYAL

PRODUCTION OF A NEW PLAY.

A new romantic play entitled "The Roll of the Drum," by the eminent. novelist, Mr. Joseph Hatton, will be produced for the first time on any stage at the Theatre Royal, St. Ilelens, on Monday night next. The new play is. dramatised by the author himself from his famous book "When Greek meets Greek," which first appeared in the columns of "The People," and sine has had a tremendous sale in book form. The company engaged to create the parts in the new play is an ex- ceedingly streng one,and consists entirely of well-known Loudon artistes. The list is headed by Mr. Murray Carson,who assumes a dual rcle. He has appeared lately at the Garrick, the Adelphi, and Terry's Theatre, and shortly intends to play " The Roll of the Drum," in the metropolis. Then there is Miss Bessie Hatton, the talented daughter of the author, who has been quite lately at the Garrick, with Mr. Willard in "The Professor's Love Story," in which she made a great success as Lucy White. Miss Louise Moodie is also an extremely well known actress and Miss Essex Dane has been pronounced as one of London's most accomplished artistes. Mr. Percival, of the Lyric Theatre, London, and Mr_. Loring Ferine are also included in the cast. Tha music is by Mr. Sidney Jones, the well-known corn- poQer who is now with Mr. Wilson Barrett in " The Sign of the Cross." The costumes are by Mr. W. Clark- son, costumier to the Queen, and the scenery by Mr. Walter Johnson, of Drury-lane Theatre are everything that could be desired irom an artistic point of view. It s not often locally that we have the opportunity of u dging a play in its first production and it will be quite n iuteresting evening for the St. Helens public.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
9:lbbertiantent not elassfattr.

WAERINGTO N.—Comfortable HOUSE TO LET; lobby parlour, kitchen. scullery. good bedrooms; rent, 55.; key, 27, HOYLE-ST., Bewsey-road.

DIGS ! PIGS ! ! PIGS !I! MRS. R. MANTTON, St Leonards-street, Bedford, has to disp )se of sevc _ improved Yorkshire Pigs, IS weeks old, 14s e h;3 also 20 24 weeks old, 19s each ; also 40, 31 weeks, 24s each ; ditt Berkshire same age and price. Vet. aertific _te if requil.ad All warranted he.:lthy ; carriage paid on four And upwr •ds , cash return(d if not approved of.

HAMPER SAFETY, just out of pledge, in grand condition. good roadster, cost, £2l, balls all over, fitted with best. Grey Cushion Tyres, not cut or damaged, mad guards. lamp and bell, complete only £4 155.—MELLo R, Pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth Park. Telephone No. 9925.

B LOADING GUN, recently forfeited, cost late I) owner £B. test Twist barrels, pistol stock, good reboun • ing locks, 12 four left barrell choke i, guaranteed free frol— damage or fist only 3 guineas, well worth double. Another one very highest possible make and finish, only £3 153. MELLOR. Pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth Park. Tele- phone No. 9925.

r ADYS' 1896 SAFETY bY Gordon Coventry. Highest Li possible grade and finish, only been in use one week. Cost late owner £l6 10s. Complete with lamp, bell, and tools. Gear case an dress guard, fitted with Dunlop Welch tyres. Tangent spokes. Written gua,antee given. Only 11 guineas cash.—MELLoR, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Tosteth Park. Telephone No. 9925.

GENTS" SAFRITY.—High class make ; taken in exchange. Dunlop non-slipping tyres. Balls all over, quite eqr to new. Lamp, bell, and all tools, also guarantee for 12 months. Only £lO 15s. Cost very recently 15 guineas ctsh —MELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth Park' Telephone No. 9925.

DRDSTRA.D. full size; black and brass, inlaid with mother- .l) of-pearl, very strong. perfectly ftesh and clean; also treble woven wire mattress to fit, and new ail w,ollick bed bolster and 2 pillowsin good Belgium ticking: the lot only £2 155.; well worthdouble.—MELLos, Pawnbroker, 210, Park Road Toxteth Park, Liverpool.

VYTANTHD, respectable young WO. MAN (23). general servant; quiet moorland vicarage ; very clear, methodical, trustworthy, good tempered. neat; understand- ing plain cooking. washing, ironing well, w siting at table; two in family ; help given.—Reply Mks. COLLINS, Scammon- den, Huddersfield.

WANTED at once strong and experienced GENERAL; no washing ; must b 3 able to iron; wages £l4 to £l6; one child ; reference require I.—Address MRS. EDMONDS, South View, Middleton, near Manchester.

NVANTED, strong GIRL. to do general work of small farmhouse; milk preferred.—Mrs. B. Flrrols, Castle- ton Gale Farm, Roadile, Lancashire.

41 C. AND Rit FON, Auctioneer, Valuer and Licensing 1.4. Agent. Gresham-buildings, 101, Dale-street, Liverpnol (established 25 years). Ins to Let venuine HOTELS aud PUBLICHOUSES from £5O to £5,000. —Apply as above.

rtnNlßAL.—Very oid established ROTHE.. and Public House ; large thoroughfare; same tenant many years ; retiring from business ; all ilxtares, furniture, &c.. £600. Apply to E. C. ANDERTON and Co.. 101, Dale-street, Liver- pool.

SOI3TH END - Old-established SPIRIT VAULTS; same tenant several years . • trade proved over eight barrels ale weedy; lease ; only £2SO—ANDERTON, Dale-street, Liver- pool,

PI3MBROKR PLACE—Msin Tlioroughtare—Bxcellent Free Corner SPIRIT VAULT'; long lease; good genuine trade; as a going omeern ; £2OO.- ANDERT•vr, Liverpool.

EWHIITON.—Good Free Corner BBEINIONSE ; thickly- populated locality ; trade four barrels weekly; low rental; ingoing £4O. —4l.mpkivroN, 101, Dale-street, Liver- pool.

TORTH END —Genuine Free WINE and SPIRIT 1.11 VAULTS. Same hands many years. Easy rental, Good lease. Trade proved. Price £I2O.—ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

NlVitAlt Custom House.—Free, Full-licensed PIIHMISHS ; average live barrels weekly ; easy rental ; ingoing £t.s. —Particulars, ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

NBAR Paddington.—Superlor Free Corner SPIRIT* VAULTS; newly renovated; proprietor giving up business ; respectable. paving trtde proved;£3OO.—ANDERTON„ I Dale-street, Liverpool.

ATESSRS. N. SMYTHH & CO., Auctioneers. dm., estab- 1. lished 1874, have to Let, Free HOTEIL, North Wales; capital inventory ; incoming £3OO :lease 20 years ; rKlt £3O. Apply 2 and 3 VERNON-CHLMBERS, VERNON-BT., Dale-street, Liverpool.

HSMYTHS & CO have to Let. old-establiahed. free corner PUBLIC-110USH, ; to immediate purchaser. bargain ; lease 14 years ; rent low.—Order to view and particulars. apply as above. Liverpool.

TT SMYTHE ec CO. have to Let, capital REHR and • WINR VAULTS, main road; incoming £lO3 ; sales seven barrels weekly. Two Freehold Baerhouses and Free- hold Vaults; price £6s.—Apply as alma.

T_T SMYTHI3 & CO. have to Let, main road, north, well- -1-L. placed Corner PUBLIC-HOUSH. taking £2O weekly; chiefly indoor; incoming £150; capital Dwelling.—Order to view as above.

IT SMYTHE & CO. have to Let Free Suburban HOTEL; 11. incoming £750. Free Hotel, three miles from city ; incoming £l,OOO. Cash advanced if required.—Particulars and to view, as above.

SMYTIIB & CO.,have to Let- Free PUBLIC HOUSE, . Edgehill; lease 13 years; rent low; incoming £22s.Frea Public House. newt. .1 ; billiards, &c. ; incoming £300.-- Order to view, as above.

T SMYTHE Sz CO. have to Let Free Corner PUBLIC /MUSIC. north end taking £25 weekly proved ; low rent. Freehold Vaults and possession ; price £550 ; bargain. —Order to view, as above.

S WYTHEI & CO. have to Let Central Free VARLTS ; 11. £350. Free Vaults : £.400 Free Vaults: £6OO. Free Vaults: £750. Commanding Corner Vaults, £IODO ; and on,at £lsoo.—Apply as above. TT SMYTHE & uO. have for Disposal TIR on Free- -11. hold PUBLIC /lOUS ; cash required,£4oo ; sales 15 barrels weekly: or property, with possession,£.6oo.—Particu- lars on application as above.

lIS YTHE st CO. hive to Sell THE CONWAY CASTLE, 15,Haekins-hey ; entirely free from brewers or spirit merchants ; to immrdipte purehas r, ba-gain ; germine reasons for Sae.—Apply s above.

WSMYTHB & CO. have to Let mital Corner Subur- -11. ban PUBLIC HOUSB, takinz £2O weekly ; cash re- quired, £200; lease 14 years. Full particulars on avplication. —Apply 2 and 3, VEinfoN-CrisunEns, Vernon-st., Dale-street, Liverpool. Telegrams," Public," Liverpool.

EGGS FOR SITTING from best and prize strains of Minorcas, Leghorns, Orpingtons and t'lymouth Rocks. Winners in each pen. Birds carefully selected throughout- Price 3s. 6d,, carriage paid 4s. Unfertiles replaced if re. turned.—C. TURNER, Black Brook-lane, Fearnhead, War- rington.

WANTED, good General SERVANT, age about 23 ; able to wash; wages £l7—Apply to Mrs. WEUTTAXER, Yew Bank, Davenport, near Stockport.

WANTED good COOK-GENERAL for a small country V hotel housemaid-waitress kept.—Apply, stating wages required to RING ()Timm, West Kirby, Cheshire.

ORPINGTON EGGS, from selected birds. batched from Cook's guinea eggs; eggs, 3s. 6d. doz. Wyandotte Silver Eggs, from selected birds. Heaths' strain; 3s. 6d. doz. —JUMP, Grimsargh. Preston.

WANTED Good Strong General SERVANT. nest appear- ance ; state age, re( e-ence. and saliry.—Apply TEEM POPLARS, Bolton-road, Pendia; on, Manchester.

VGGS.—Black Minorca, and White Leghorns—grand Tay- ing Strains; each pen contains First. Second, and Third Prize-winners ; 3s. 6d. per 13 ; unfertile replaced ; inspection Invited.—Apply MRS. BETTERIDGE. AlreWitS, Burton-on- Trent.

wANTED general servants, servant girls, and cook- genera'.—Apply at once Miss ASHTON, 26, Victoria Dtrlve, Sale, Manchester.

WANTED Situation as GARDENER (Head or Single), 18 years' experience in all branches; two years' reterence from present situation.-2, STOIcI2-STRKET, Cheadle Hulme Stockport.

_ WANTED. COOK-GENERAL, for April 2; small family; washing: references.—Apply Mrs. DRUMMOND, Clay- ton House, Clayton-le-Moors, Accrington.

_ WANTED, strong GIRL, about 15, for Farmhouse.— Apply Mrs. Tuomas, Lightwood Lodge, Longton, Stafferdshire.

NvANTED, strong GIRL. about 14 to 16, for Farmhouse.— Apply Mrs. BASSANI'. Blurton Grange, ner- Lonkton, Stafford3hire.

NVANTREI. Cooks, Kitehenmaids, Parlourmaids. House- maids, Laundr 'maids. fox hotels and private tamilies, - also Nurses and young Generals. MIDLAND REGISTRY, Derby.

411:U.'RE WILL BE A RE-UNION OF OLD 1 SCHOLARS of GRANVILLB-ST and BRUNSWICK DAY SCHOOLS, RUNCO N. on MONDAY, April 13th, at 7.30. at which a presentation will be made to Mr. John Simpson. Will Intending subscribers kindly communicate with the Secretary ? MR. GREENWAY MILLINGTON, 57. Greenway-road, Runcorn. NB.—All old Scholars are cordially invited.

TO LET.—Good COTTAGES off Lovely Lane, rent 45 A_ Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-St.. Warrington.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow ..,...1 Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purch.se is prepared by Mrs. g•nithers. who is the only person in possession of the ItEciPg. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. Enwslans & SON, 157, Quee., Victoria Street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London. are en- gr,ved on the Governmtnt Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 9cl each, by most Chemists.

-APARTME-AilTS:—Wanted, in Knutsford-rold,Sitting-room and Bedroom for gentleman, Cirnished or unfurnished ; permanency if suitable C, Examiner Office, Warring-

===== 0002601_18960321_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
•- • • • • .1 1 1 , •

===== 0002601_18960321_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/ ii

===== 0002601_18960321_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
24

t

===== 0002601_18960321_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKE LIFE ENJOYABLE.

Loss of health means loss of all which makes life en- joyable ; for, in addition to the bodily pain and suffering which it cause, it entails a vast amount of mental pain and anxiety, especially in the homes of the working classes. It brings in its train a host of discomforts which retard the recovery of the sufferer, and hinder, instead of assisting, Nature to perform her functions. When a working man suffers from any ailment which prevents his following his daily avocation, he is natur- ally filled with anxiety regarding the maintenance of those depending on him for their daily sustenance. His very love for his family retards and hinders his speedy recovery, and his spirits become depresied at the antici- pation of the gloomy prospects before them in the event of a long continuance of his illness. It is well known that depression of spirits often proves a serious bar to a speedy recovery.

These results arise in addition to the various incoil- veniences and discomforts which the sufferer and his fami'y experience as direct results of his illness, such as additional expenses for luxuries for the sick, with in- creased difficulty to obtain those luxuries, or even the necessities of life.

Mestof the various forms of disease which trouble the labouring classes of the country, and which are often attributable, more or less, to some unhealtbly condition of their daily work, may be classei under a few leading heads.

To avoid thg, discomforts arising from various forms of diseasc,every working man should scok the aid of THE VEGETABLE TONIC,

Which has gained a world-wide renown as the most wonderful medicinal discovery of the age; and as un- felling remedy it is prescribed by many leading physi- cians in various rilments. For Bronchitis, Asthma, Coughs, and Colds. Shortness of Breath, Neuralgia, General Weakness, Low Spirits, Nervousness, Indigestion, Influenza.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS

s Sold lo Bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. See the name Gwily.n Evans on Label, Stamp and Pottle.

Sole Proprietors: Ouinina Bitters' Manufacturing Co., Ltd., lawny, South Wales. GWILYM EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

CHARGE OF OBTAINING GOODS ON FALSE PRETENCES. At the Warrington Borough Court on Friday, before Messrs. Fletring, Roberts,Gornall and Sutton, Frederick Percival, aged 18, painter, Acaaemy-at., was charged with having on the 11th Feb., obtained by false pre- tences from Messrs. Thomas h'l,n and Sons, Mer -ey-st., goods to the value of £24.—Mr. A. Browne prosecu t3d and stated that defencitatt had started as a plumberand painter and had gone to Messrs. Allen and Sons and oh- taiaed goods to the value of £9. Mr. Allen told him he would not let him have any more unless he brought a note from his father or mother. In consequence, he brought a note on the 11th February,which read" Please let Fred have what he wants. D ) not be afraid of not getting the money," sign3d E. Percival. They thoulht it was fretn his mother who they knew was entitled' to property in Liverpool, and let defendant have some- thing lik3 £24 worth of goods. When they came to in- quire they found that Mrs. Percival had not written the letter but she said she would redeem it. Be (Mr. Browne) had told his clients that it was only right to bring the case into Court and explain it to the magis- trates. Be asked that the case might be withdrawn. The magistrates consented to this course.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUELTY TO AMMAta.

At the Wanington Borough Court on Friday, Thomas Bate, Clegg-otraet, was charged with cruelty to a horse by working it in an arfit state on the 20th February, and James Bate his brother was charged with causing it to be worked.—lnsper.tor Bibson, R.S.P.C.A., said that on the date named he saw Thomas Late driving the bores attached to an empty coal lurrfin Horsemarket- street. It was lame in both fore limbs but in fair condi- tion. It bad nev:_cular '...mene,s.—Mr.Dixon veterinary surgeon corroborated as to the condition of the horse, and said it was unfit to work on hard ground.—A fine of 10s. in-iluding coats was imposed on James Bates Paul Nixtorf, 6, King-street, a lad of about 17, was 4barged with ill-treating a horse on the 4th March, by beating the same.—lrspector Bitson and P.C. Corbett both deposed that they saw the defendant drive the horse down Horseroarket-street, and strike it several times with the butt end of a heavy whip. They examined it and found raised weals on both quaitz.ro.—Two wit- nesses for the defence denied that there were no wees upon the animal and defendant said he only struck it once.—A fine of 10s. including costs was imposed.

KICKING A MAN IN THS FACE. On Tuesday morning at the Warrington Borough Police Court I4efore Dr.T. S. Smith,Mr.E.J.Guest (chair- man) and Mr. R. Garnett, Michael Burke, Scotland-road was charged with assaulting James Harrison ton Saturday night.—James Harrison, the complainant who appeared with a much discoloured and cut face,said that on Satur- day night he and his wife arrived at Daly's lodging house, Scotland-road, and saw Burke there. A quarrel arose over a child whom another man ‘, as going to thrash and which Burke wanted to prevent. Witness told Burke he should not interfere and he then hit him, afterwards kicking him in the face. He also kicked his wife and a week previously he attempted the same as- sault because witness knew that he had been sent to gaol in Botton.—Kate Harrison wife of complainant, corroborated her husband's statement and added that defendant kicked her twice.—P.C. Evans stated that at eight o'clock on Saturday night complainant made a complaint to him about being assaulted and he was bleeding at the time. Witness accompanied him to the lodging house in Scotland-road. He asked defendant if be had assaulted complainant and he said "Yes and I'll do it again to him or you ; I have served three months for a copper and I'll serve any amount of time more for them." He was almost mad with drink and excitement. —Defendant said complainant rose to strike him and he only acted in self-defence.—John Kaye related the aris- ing of the quarrel and said Burke struck first when Har- rison threatened him. He saw no kicking.—Geerge Marshall said that Burke interfered with him when he was going to chastise his child. He also saw no kicking when the quarrel ensued.—Defendant denied having been sent to gaol at Bolton and asked for a remand in order that enquiries could be made there.—He was com- mitted for a month with bard labour.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT TWlDlY.—Before Mr, J. H. Fleming (chairman), Councillor Roberts. Dr. Gornall. and Alderman Sutton. WITHOUT MEANS.—Jeasie Winders, Cross-at.. Widnes, a servant of 18 years, was charged with being found wandering abroad without visible means of support. —The Chief Con- stable stated that the girl had had two charges of felony against her and was fast going to min.—She was asked if she would go to a ?Tome, but she refused. The magistrates. therefore, committed her for 14 days with, iut hard labour.with the alternative of the Home if she wished. She afterwards decided to go to a Home. MOONLIGHT " FLITTING.—Bdward Walsh, 22, Cockhedge- lane, was charged with having been a tenant of Benjamin Looker, 3. Oockhedge-lane, in James'-st., and while so with clandestinely removing his goods to avoid distraint.—Mr. W. H. J Jenkins stated the case for the complainant, and Corro- borative evidence of tl,e offence was given by Mr. and Mrs. Looker and Margaret Edgar.—A fine of 10s. and costs was Imposed. Wwe DRSERTION.—Edward Pointon, 130, Birchen-street, was charged with having on the 7th February. deserted his wife. Ann Pointon, 96, Lythgoe's-lane.—Defendant denied the desertion.—Mr. Davies appeared for complainant and after detailing the circumstances of the married life of the parties for nine ye Ars he said that for the last two Years de- fendant had taken to drinking. On Friday at two o'clock he said something about leaving her and brought a lurrY to the house and took all his own furniture. She cried and thee laughed at her. She asked for an order against him if he determined to live away from her.—Defendant said that complainant had often told him to go, and that she would not ask for maintenance. He had simply taken her at her word. —An order of 6. a week was made.

310NDLY.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman), Mr. T. • Birchall and Mr. J. W. Hayward. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—:fohn Wilfrid Delooze was charg-d with being drunk and disorderly in Lyme-street on Saturday night.—P.C. Sankey proved apprehending defend- ant in a drunken condition at the time and place stated. The assistance of two other constables had to be procured to bring him to the Police Station because of his ylolence.—A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed.

TUESDAY.—Pefore Messrs. Smith, Guest, and Garnett. ALLI'GED THEFT OF A PURSE.—Frederick Styles, Rose and Crown-street, was charged with stealing from the Stranger's Arms, on Monday, a purse containing 18s. 7d., and a gold cross, the property of Joseph Percival.—The Chief Constable said that on Monday morning about 10.30 Mrs. percival, wife of the landlord of the "Stranger's Arms" was sitting at her breakfast when she had occasion to take her puree From her pocket. She placed it down on a wooden seat and shortly afterwards went upstairs, leaving the purse. Ten minutes later she came down and saw prisoner leaving the house. Immediate,y after, she missed her purse and in- formed a man named Del-sore who made enquiries and fol- lowed prisoner, CAtching him in Mersey-street. He told him he would have to go back to the "Stranger's Arms" and Prisoner made no objection. On the way he visited a closet and afterwards ace unpanled Delooze to the house,where he was searched and nothing found upon him. Thn police after- wards searched the closet and found the nurse and its con- tents. He was then charged and said " I took it from the form but I had not looked at it, contents. The Chief Con- stable asked for a week's remansi, which was granted. ASSAULTING A FATHER.—John William Travis was charged with assaulting his father George Travis, on Satur- day last.—George Travis said defendant had been a week out of gaol and had a day's work. Ile asked him for his money and defendant used bad language to his mother. Witness

VCRS. —SEALSKIN JACKETS and FURS of every, des- cription Clenned or Re—Dyed and Altered. Fur Skins Dressed and Made-up into Rilgs, Muffs, Collars, CooxF, Manufacturing Furrier 11 Upper Newington, and 21, lin2baw-s.treet,Liyerp9ol, Established.over 21 years.

• went to him and he struck hint in the mouth.—Sergeant Cheney said he arrested defendant at home and he asked to see his father. They waited but he did not come. Defendant said he would get 18 months as he had no defence.—This was his Bth :ippearance for similar off nces and the magistrates sent him io gaol for another month.—Defendant on leaving the Court, said he would write to the Home Secretary about it.—Mr. Talbot sail he had already gone so twice on previous oceasions. SCHOOL CAsEs.--•The following persons were dealt with fo, not sending their children regularly to school. Mr. W. Jones prosecuted :—Henry Tranter. zreengrecer, 57. Aikin- street, adjourned for a fortnight; Patrick Carey, forgeman. Wihwick-road, 2s. 6d.; Thomas Griffiths, forgeman, 4, IBrierley-street. adjourned for a month; Samuel Beckett, abourer, Warburton-street, pay 25. 64. costs; Elizab-th Moores, Back William-street. 2s. 6.1. ; Arthur James Myles, labourer, 22, Howard-street, ordered to pay 2s. 64. costs.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PErrY SESSIONS.

SATURDAY.—Before Captain Withington (chairman), Mr. T. a. Gillespie. Colonel J. L. %, ood, and Messrs. A. C. McCorquodale, fl. St.ne, C. B. P. Borron. and S. S. Brown. DRUNKENNEW—For this off, ice Edward Roberts,Newton, was fined 2s. 6d. and costs; Michael Callaghan, Newton, ss. and olsts ; Ellen Hughes, Newton: 2s. 6d. and costs ; Henry Bailey, Newton, 55: and costs ;Samuel Ellis. Newton. B.and costs; John Waldron, Haydock, 2s. 6d. en' l Costs; Patri Rabbit, H.tydo3k, 2s. 6d. and costs; Patrick Lyons Hayclock, ss. and costs; Joqenh St.ong, Havdock, 2s. 6d. and costs ; John Duffy, Jonathan Cleave. William Pimblett, and Wil- liam Middlehurst, allot Haydock, the former two ss. and costs, and the latter two 2s 6d. and costs.

DRUNK ON LICENSED PREMISES.'—John Carey was fined ss. and costs for being drunk in the Prince of Wiles Hotel, tenanted by Ellen Eckersley, on February 28; Patrick D no- hue was &led 10s. and costs for committing a similar offence In the Ram's React. Earlestown. DOG AT LARGE.—Prederick Bolton, Golborne, as fined 3s. 6d. for Allowing a dog to be at large. YOUTHFUL PILFERERS.- -Peter T-avis and Walter Else, two boys 13 years of age, were charged with stealing a pair of boots frota he pawnshop of Ann Jackson 79, High-st.. Gol- borne. on March 12. The prisoners pleaded guilty. Thomas Donkin, the assistlnt at the pawnsnop, said that at 6 30 on the above date, he was dressing the side window when he saw Else take the boots from the door. and Travis was with him at the time; They then ran away and witness tried to catch them but lost sight of them. The boots were worth 2s. 6d. The boots were lying rat the step. The magistrates tnought that the boots were put in a very insemre place. and It was really a temptation to the boys. They ordered the boys to rcce;ve six strokes of the birch rod. —The boy Else end another boy of the same age named Peter Keane., were charged with stealing i,hre colliers' picks value 35., between February 10 and it. Margaret Ann Carter, pawnbroke Hea.h st., Galborne, gave evidence to the boys offering the pick. in pawn, and the police also gave evidence of a-resting the boys on the charge, to which .hey pleade I guilty. The magisurates decidcd to order Kenna to receive six strokes of the birch rod, and as Else had already b, en ordered to receive six strokes in the first case, he was ordered to reca ye three more for the present case.

ATTEMPTFD SUICIDE. John Rober..s. Golborne, was cl arged with attempting to commit suici.ie on February 15. Inspector Lnngworth said that the ,lefendant had had a lot of trouble lately and had 'oat his wife with the consequence that be had been in low spirits. On the p.boye date he attempted to ckmmit suicide by cutting his throat:, but he was taken to Wigan hospital and bronglit round. A sor and daughter were in c3urt, and on th.m promising to see that their father was looked after, the magistiates dismissed him.

RUNCORN PETTY sEs.sioNs.

MoNDlY.—Before Mr. John Brundrit (chairman), and Mr. G.

L. Davies. NEGLECT OP CHTLDF:EN —A PAINTER SENT TO PRISON.— William Horatio Fletcher, painter, Vicar-street, was charged with being drunk in Church-street, and also with ill-treating or neglecting his five children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering or injury to their health. Sergeant Lee stated that at 10.45 on the night, of the 9th inst„ he saw the defendant very drunk in Church-street, and scarcely ahle to walk home. Abo st eleven o'clock, witn attention was drawn to the defendant's house on account of the state the chldren were in. He went there aryl found that downaters there was a little bahy in a cradle, and the defendant, who was drunk. Witness went upstairs and found four little children with scarcely anything upon them. They were lying on a mattress, and had nothing to cover them- selves wish. Witness looked about and found some old rags. and covered the children with them. They were shivering and it was a very cold night. Witness went in search of the defendant's mother but could not find her for some time. Wheu he did so, she toll him that she hal been to the Police Station to complain ab vut her son's conduct. She had had to run out of the house. Witness took her inside the house,and showed her the pitiable state of the children. At 3.40 in the morning, he again visited the house in company with P.C. Wylie. The litti chill was still in the cradle without anyone in charge and was in a fearful state. The defendant had got upstairs and was lying on a mattress in the room with the children. He had made a sickening mess, and had actually taken the clothing off the children, and covered him- self with it. • The house stunk dreadfully, and the children were in a starved condition. If the defendant worked a day or two be got drunk and neglected his children.—ln answer to a question by the Chairman, defendant said he was 32 years ot age. His wife had deserted him.—Superintendent Okell said the defendant's wife got a separation order.— The Chair- man said the defendant's statement did not improve his case. It was his wife that was granted a separation order,—P.O. Wylie said te visited the defendant's house in company with Sergeant Lee. He saw a little baby in an old box used for a cradle. It was withoet sufficient clothing and in a very filthy condition. He saw the four children lying on an old mat- tress. They were without bedclothes. Their skin was dirty and they were shivering Defendant was iving in a corner of the room, and Fe-geant Lee took the clothes off him and covered the children The room smelled fearfully.—Defend- ant stated that he hld only recently found work. He had been to a party on the night in question, and had a little too much drink. He intended to buy a new bd. The Chairman said the defendant lad pleaded guilty t the first charge.and would be fined ss. and costs. With regard to the second case, the defendant had told them that he wished for a new bed, and he should have one. He would go to prison for two manths'hard laboor.

DOG OWNERS FlNED.—Thomas Fazickerley. boatman, Gilbert-st.. was summoned for keeping a dog without having In force a license authorising him to do so. —P.C. !Butler proved the case. and stated that when he asked for the license the defendant's wife produced one for 1894. A fine of ss. and costs was imposed.—Renry Stocks, a boatman. was fined ss. including costs for allowing hi. (tug to be at large in Brook-at.—P.C. Wylie stated the case. Scitoor. ATTENDANCE CASES.—The fol'owing persons were fined 6d. ond 4s. 6d. costs for neglecting to cause their chil- dren to attend school regularly. Mr. T. Bowyer, school at- tendance officer. prosecuted. William Lever Queen-strePt ; BernPrd Flanagan. Lcch-street ; William Johnron. Surrey- street; John Harding, Shaw-street; and Henry Burton, Cavendish-street.

NON-PAYMENT OF RATEs.—A larze number of persons were summoned for non-Payment of the gas, water, poor and improvement rates. The defendants were ordered to pay the rates and costs within five days, or go to prison for terms varying from seveu to fourteen days.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEA.III OF A CHILD AT THE WORKHOUSE.

CORONER'S INQUIRY.

Mr. S. Brighouse held at inquest at the Warring- ton Workhouse on Thursday morning, on the body of Lily Norman, infant daughter of Ralph Norman, outdoor porter, 21. School-brow. The child died on ISunday under circumstances which the police considered justified a Coroner's inquiry. Inspector M'Ateer watched the proceedings on behalf of the National Society for the 'Prevention of Cruelty to Children.—Previous to calling evidence, the Coroner said that the case was reported to him because the police thought there might have been some neglect on the part of the parents in connection with the death of the child, and in consequence of that, he had ordered a post-mortem examination to be made, and on their part the police had made all the inquiries they could. He understood that the result of the post- mortem examination did not show that death had resulted from neglect, and, therefore, he did not think the in- quiry would be very long.—Elizabeth Norman, the mother of the child, and at present an inmate of the Workhouse,was then called, and said that her house was not broken up. Her child was six months old, and had been a very healthy child until a fortnight before, and she and it were admitted into the Workhouse. At that time it had a fit,and Dr. Langdale, ot the Infirmary,haxl seen it twice, On Thursday last week, her husband beat her and turned her out of the house and she had to find shelter for the night at a house in Gandy's-yard, off Tillev-st. The people at this house could not be troubled with the crying of the child, and the next day she went to Mr. Aukland, relieving officer, and got an order for the Workhouse, where she had been since. She thought that her husband was still keeping the house going. The baby died at two o'clock on Sunday afternoon. She had done all she could for it. It was the only child she had. She had been married 15 months. Dr. Braide, visiting surgeon of the workhouge, stated that he first saw the deceased child on March 14. It was fairly well nourished. It died rather suddenly on Sun- day afternoon. He made a post mortem examination, and found it a fully developed child. The internal organs were all healthy with the exception of the brain and membranes of the brain, which showed distinct signs of congestien and inflammatory changes in the membranes. It suffered from meningitis, which was undoubtedly the cause of death. There was nothing which would lead him to suspect neglect of the child.— Inspector Cox informed the jury that Dr. Langdale had told him that he had attended the child for bronchitis, but had said nothing about fits.—The Coroner said that he did not think the jury need trouble themselves any further, as it seemed to him that nothing had been done to the child which was open to question.—After a short consultation, the jury returned a verdict that the de- ceased died from natural causes, viz., meningitis as shown by the medical evidence. They asked the Coroner whether the husband, who was in an anteroom. should be called in so that he could be cautioned about his behaviour to his wife, but the Coroner infor.ned them that he could not, as there was nothing to show that the child's death was due to his conduct.

BIRDS, ANIMALS and FISH STUFFED, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for Sale Birds wade into Hand Screens or Fire Screens Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals Skins, Glass Shades. Stags' Heads. Cabinets Store Boxes. Nets, Ito., for Butterfly and Egg Collectors.—B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street. Liverpool. Estalilished over 21 years.

p UPTUR MS.—REYNOLDS' Patent Imperceptible 1.1.) ludisrubber Stem Pad TRUJS. Suitable in all cases. perfect Fit Rnsured. Write or call for particulars.-- REYNOLDS, 10, Slater-treet (a few doers Bold-street), Liverpool. Open on Saturday until 7 p.m.— ai vt

===== 0002601_18960321_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. MARCH 21, 1896.

reached Spruce,who ran and then passed,lsherwood get- ting over the line. The try remained unconverted. Warrington again pressed, when Anderton obtained pos- session and made a tine run along the field and got near the Warrington goal, where his course was cleverly checked by Spruce,who returned the ball to the Rangers' end. W. Smethurst got it and kicked forward and then attempted to followit up,lbut Sudlow picked up and got a short run. The Rangers began to dribble back, and O'Brien grabbed the ball and made a dash for the line, but Jones tackled and with some difficulty, grounded him. Half time was called with the play at centre, but on starting again the Rangers had to defend, Smethurst saving just in time with a splendid kick up the field which was followed by the team. The Rangers dribbled it forward, and when it got to Spruce, who dashed through the whole pack and kicked down the field, no- body being able to stop him. The visitors followed up Spruce's kick and made good use of it, for Isherwo )d scored a second try. The goal kick was a poor one the ball going across the field. Saalerson next handled the ball, with which he ran half way along the field, but he was outrun by the Warrington forwards, who got the ball, only for a few minutes, however, for it went close to the visitor's posts. Spruce only just manag- ing to save. Brouehton made another attack and al- most scored, but as Spruce was unable to kick or throw forward he kicked dead. The homesters still novered round their opponent's line. and Dickensom finally got possession and .cored. Sanderson took the kick and converted it to a goal just as the whistle blew, lower- ing Warrington's majority to one point. The score was Warrington, twotries (6 points), Brouzhton Rangers,one goal (5 points). The teams were—Warrington : Full back, Spruce ; threequarters, Forster. Scott, Isherwood and O'Brien ; halt-backs. Price and Clarke; forwards, Savage, Scholtze Berry, Bailey, Freeth, Royle, Hughes, and Sudlow. Broughton Rangers : Full back, W. Smethurst; thrfequarters, Jones, Anderton,John Parkes, and J. Parkes ; half-backs, T. Wall and R. Smethurst ; for wards, Cam pbell,Saunderson, Dickenson, McDermottt, Brown, Skidmore, Stansfield and Irlam. SHIP CANAL v. IRLAM SOAPHRY.—A match between the employe; of the Irlam Soap Works arid some of the Ship Canal coal men was played on Saturday atternoon for the benefit of the Cadishead and Ir;am Cricket Club. A large number of spectators were present, the kickoff be- ing made by Mr.Clare,J.P.ln the first half the coal men, favoured by the wind, pressed hard and almost scored. In the second half the Soap Works' forwards working splendidly together forced the game and obtained a try. The coal men then invaded the enemy's qearters, and a gallant attempt to obtain a try failed. At the call of time the score was—Soap Works one try, Coal Men nil. Mr. Charles Harper was the referee, and Dr. Jago and Mr. Picwick touch judges.

CLIFTON V. FRODDIAM WANDERERS.—PIayed at Prods- sham in fine weather. Clifton won the toss and played with the wind. After give and take play for a long time, Frodsham broke away and Miller scored, Booth convert- ing. Neither side scored again no to half time,the score standing—Frodsham one goal, Clifton nil. fl--starting aftea the interval, the game was hotly contested, and Cl.fton pressed for some time, and nearly scored, having very hard lines. From the drop out Frodsham rushed to the other end, and Stanley scored. The place kick failed. No further score toQk place up to call of time. Final result—Frodshain Wanderers, one goal, one try ; Clifton, nil.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOT ii :iLi,.

CfIICKEr'SRS should scquite the " Poelot !Diary and Companion." issued. by the wall-known Sports Manu- ta turers, (i-teoRGE G. Bussey & Co„ PPeicham, London. All the information Cricketers requires found therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it will go in the waistcoat pocket. Leather bound, gilt edges. 6d. ; p stg,fl. If you are no I satisfied. G. G. B. & Co. will retu-n the price.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. MANNINGFIAM.

The visit of the fmous Yorkshire team which at pre- sent bead the competition in the Northern League caused great interest in Warrington on Saturday, and tbe largest gate ot the present seas m assembled to witness what proved to be a most interesting and enjoy- able match. A gate of over 9,000 was present,and these composed about 300 Manninehamites, besides large compataies from Widnes and Runcorn, at which places there was no match. The space which is reserved for spectators presented a fine sight, for every point ot vantage was ocenpied, and the pressure on the boards which enclose the field was so great that a portion gave way during the progress of the match, but fortunately, no one was injured, and the game was also not inter- fered with. The game was not commenced with quite as great punctuality as the more recent matches have teen, owing to the late arrival of Brown, the Yorkshire county threequarter, and about ten minutes late, Manningham entered the field with only 14 men. The following was the Warrington team :—Heesom, full back ; Carey, Barber, Cross, and Lawless. three- quarters; Bate and Fligeinbottoia, half backs ; Taylor. Dakin,•Hill, Saunders, Wilcock, Fairhurst, Burrows,and Andrews, forwards. _

It will thus be seen that Nevins and Swift were absent trom the advertised team. Mr.T. Melleder,of Rochdale; was the referee, and some of his decisions did not find much favour with the spectators. Barber won the toss. and decided to take advantage of a slight breeze which blew towards the pavilion goal. The match was com- menced by the burly Ba.rreclough, and Barber's return Was faulty the ball going in touch near the quarter flag. The line out was produttive of a fine dribble,which Bar- ber and Eleesom only just stemmed in the nick of time. Another passing movement, initiated by Newton, and taken part in by Pickles and Needham,supplemented by a dribble byelegg and Lambert,was Only stayed by Bate, when the ball got right under the goal posts. Such severe Pressure as this with:fa two minutes off the start looked ominous for Warrington, but from the ensuing I scrimmage; Bate got possession and took a great load off ' the minds of the Warringtonians by kicking in touch in ' tolerably safe ground. From the line out and scrimmage, Warrington still further improved their position, and a ' fine dribble by Taylor, Fairhurst, Dakin and Andrews, almost caught Lorrimer napping, as the ball got past him, but quickly recovering himself, he got the ball before his pursuers, and by one of his tremendous kicks, he sent them full speed back again. lieeeom returned the kick and Lorrimer again sent it hack, only to be again replied to by Reerlom. Lorrimer this time tried a drop at goal, which nearlr came off, but lieesom caught it just outside the goal-posts and again sent it in Lorrimer'e direction. Lorrimer again returned the ball to touch, only a few yards from the line. This was the last visit of Manningham to the home lines for a consid- erable period, for Bate and Hieeinbotton got the bailout of danger. and Fairhurst was very prominent !pea smart follow up of a kick and the result was that Lorrimer was tackled before he could reply. Higginbottnm, Bate. Cross and Barber, be a round of naseine got the ball into dangerous proximity to the Warrinetnn line, and Law- less was knocked in touch at the corner flag. The War- ring,tnniaps used their feet to come purpose after the line ant on the line, and the reeolt of some cross-dribbling by Wilcock, Hill, Dakin and Saunders, got the hall over the line, and Taylor promptly fell on it, thus drawing first blood, ifeesom's kick was a fiasco. Cross restarted, and the game waxed fact and furious. Manningham had now their full strength on for Brown hal now arrive& Fairhurst had hard lines in missing a score soon after the kick oat, for he was tackled by Needham only just in time. Another scrimmage soon took place and as the result of a round of nagging be- tween Bate, Higginbettnrn, and Lawlese, the latter actually got over the line but was knocked an touch in goal before he could groutad the hall. Warringtnn again attacked with great vigour, and Higrinbottom had the misfortune to knock down the corner flag in the act of grounding the ball A brief visit was now paid to the Wartineton end, but Heesom was found equal to the calls upon him, and Cross by a Inne lying kick which found touch at the visitors' qearter flag, put Warrinetnn on the offensive again. Snme stiff line--mta and scrim- mages followed, in which Riepinhottom and Bate almost invariably got possession of the ball, and at length Bete snapped up the ball and dodeed over the line at the cnrner. Taylor's kink only just missed raiei-,g a goal. Manningham worked hard to !wince the score against them, and Pickles making his mark, Lerrimer took the place at a very difficult angle, hut failed, and Brown again did ditto with a like result. Taylor charging Lot.- timer's kick, and half-time arrived with Warrington leading by two tries to nil. The game was recommenced, and Warrington again by their activity gave their opponents a hot time of it, hut it was soon evident that. weight was beginning to tell, and by short stages, Manningham wor*.rel their way to theoppnsite end, and a barren minir fell to them as a re3ult of a drop at goal by Brown. From the kick out, Lorrimer replied with interest to Croea'a kick, and from a scrimmage near the home lines, Williamson darted over, and Lorrimer taking the kick he was ad- judged a goal, though many of the players and specta- tors behind the mite denied that the hall went over the bar, but said that it went just outside. A goal was however granted. and Warrington row only led by one point. A brief visit was paid to Manningham quarters by Taylor and Dakin,after Hill's kick off. but Lorrimer who appeared to kick all the harder as the game went on speedily sent them to the right about, and Warrineton were again penned within their lines, and Williamson repeated his previous performance ht, scoring another try from a scrimmage, which Lorrimer however failed to increase to a goal. After the kick nut, the referee gave a really false decision, which provoked loud com- ment. for Atkinenn making his mark, the ball was placed from Lerrimer, when it was deliberately placed on the ground. before Lorrimer had decided to kick, Barber rushed up and appealed to the referee to dis- allow the place kick on those grounds but the referee refose to allow the appeal and Lerrimer took his kick which however did not come off. A splendid chance of pulling the game nut of the fire presented itself soon after. for Bate smartly charged a kick of Atkinann's and followed up with no one to stop him. Unfortunately the ball rolled in touch just before he 'could catch it again, and a certain trr was lost by sheer hard lank. The ensuing line nut enabled Manningham to reeain their lost ground and the final whistle blew with them attack- ing hotly. The final result was Manningham one goal one try (3 points), Warrington two tries (six points.)

===== 0002601_18960321_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES v. BRIGHOUSE

Brighouse Rangers somewhat easily accounted for Widnes at Lane Head, Brighouse, on Saturday. There was only a very moderate attendance. Both teams turned up in full force, and the few spectators r,rwrit had the pleaaure of witnessing a fairly interesting game. On the Bangers' side a new full back was tried in the person of one Tom Thomas. The game started in a ding (long fashion,and before the Rang*rs could he fairly dis- lodged from a position which they took tin immediately at the commencement,Widnes had a penalty goal scored against them from the foot of Fred Wood. Waddington added an unconverte(l try, and at half-time Brighouse led by six points to mine. On restarting. Risna,n almost dropped a goal with areallv clever shot,and Nevitt twice ran to within measurable distance of the Brighouse line, Thomas bringing him down each time. Towards the close of the game the Ra.nlers overpowered their oppon• ents,and as a result of some smart play by Waddington, Croft scored close to the posts, Hartley converting. Widnes strove desperately hard to chalk a point ; but their efforts were in vain,and Brighouse rata out winners by one goal, one penalty goal, and one try al points) to Widnes nothing. The score just about represents the winners' superiority. Forward, Widnes played strongly, and their backs passed prettily, hut they lacked finish. Brennan played excellently at full hack; H. Peters and Nevitt were the best of the three-quarters, whilst at half Drummond made several smart rims. The hest of the losing forwards were A. Peters, Johnson. and Whelan. On the home side, the new back made a verr creditable debut. Ross,Hartley, and Croft were conspicuous be- hind,and in the front rank, Nichol, Pullman, and Wood were the best of a very clever set.

WA RRINGTON "A" T. BROUGUTON nANGERS "A."— The return mate • was played at Broughton en Satur- day before a fair gate, in fine weather. Owing to the rain of the previous day, the field was very soft, and a quantity of chaff had been spread hut that still left the rround in a had condition for running. Brnnyhton kicked off and Berry immediately returned and from a scrimmage at centre Price got away and then massed to O'Brien, who reached the Broughton quarter flag before he was taeltled. Ihe ,visitors nest dribbled back close to the Rtnutzhton goal, and received a penalty kick at the quarter line. The ball went wide,but Warrirgton rushed it to the line, when W. Smethurst saved by kicking the ball dead. Play was returned to the quarterflag and the Warrington forwards got near the Broughton posts,when a scrimmage was ordered. R. Smethurst picked up from the scrimmage and passed to Anderton who got. away and with a fine run reached the visitors 25 flag,where he was tackled and the ball returned. Warrington again rushed the ball to the posts, only to see it kicked dead a second time. From a line out, the hall

The Ttoyal Laundresses sly Crifehley's " STAPCII GLCrS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starcNed incn &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Corn- wall. Pays :—" My wife will not finish nor linen without your "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs Bradford :—Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform von th,t I have tried many so-callerl Starch Glazes and Polishes. but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. It not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

THELWA.LL v. HoLe TRINITY.—This match was played at Thelwall on Saturday. The visitors p-"essed for the start, but the home defence prevented a score for 20 minutes. Dykes then defeated tue Thelwail custodian with a fine shot, and Jones scored beautifully. Half time snore—Trinity one goal, Thelwall nil. On resum- ing play Jones scored again for the visitors. Thelwall pressed hard, at times playing very roughly, but to no avail, and J. Pugh getting the ball and making a fine shot scored a very difficult goal. Nothin4. was again scored until near the close of the game when Newton scored for the visitors. The result was—Trinity four goals. Thelwall nil. PENICETH V. WIDNES PARISII.—ThiS match was played at Penketh on Saturday. The home team won the toss, and elected to play up the field and against a somewhat strcng wind. Singleton for the home,sters put in two good shots during the first three minutes: The superiority of the home team was very apparent even against the wind, and at half-time the score was—Pen- keth, two goals; Widnes Parish, nil. On resuming the Peeko ti forwards at once made for. their opponents' goal, and there the remainder of the game was centred, with the exception of one or two good runs by the Widnes men. At the call of time Penketh were the decided, victors by five goals to nil.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SALVATION ARMY INDUSTRIES.

A report issued on Wednesday from the social head. quarters of the Salvation Army shows that the cost of supporting an able-bodied man in one of the Army's int &Istria' estab.ishments called the "elevators "amounted to 24. weekly in exc..ss of his earnings. At the Hadleigh farm colony h kery department 47,000 loaves were made and sold in 12 months, in addition to upwards of four tons of cake,tvvo huneredweight of biscuits, and 148,000 I-Alf-penny cakes. The farm and dairy sections at Had- leic& have under control over 681 acres. There are now on the farm 500 pigs. 470 sheep and lambs, 150 cows, 15 horses, and 200 poultry. The value of the produce of the farm was £20,800, and the income from fruit alone was £1,500. During the past week 200 tons of sorted paper was sold in connection with the salvage section -of the City Col my. The waste paper and rag industry provides daily employment for over 500 men, and the match factory. founded on anti-sweating and wholesale lines, continues to prosper. The girls in the 'knitting factory have during the past three months made I £4OO worth of goods.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESMRE ASSO. CIATION OF BAPTIST CHURCHES.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SPRING SESSION.

On Tuesday the spring session of the Western district of the Lancashire and Cheshire Association of Baptist Churches was held at Hill Cliffa Church, near Warring- ton. At 11 a.m.there was a meeting for ministers only when there were present delegates from 38 churches,and the proeee-linevs were presided over by the Rev. Sidney W. Bowser, B.A. Devotions were led by the Rev. J. Kemp, of Wigan, and Mr. Kenworthy. of Warrington. A very interesting paper on "Hill Cliffe and its Heroes" was read by the pastor of the church, the Rev. J. S. Hughes. Several of those present discussed the subject matter of the paper. Dinner was provided, and at 2 p.m. there was a committee meeting, when cases of mission grants were considered and various other items of public business transacted. Following this there was a pablic service, when the preacher, the Rev. J. Thomas, M.A. (Myrtle-st., Liverpool), successor to the Rev. H. S. Browne, delivered an excellent and characteristic dis- course from Romans Bth,verses 36 and 39. Tea was pro- vided,and the wants of the visitors attended to by Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. Bradford, Mrs. Booth. Mrs. Ansdale, Mrs. Kenworthy. Miss Rowson,Miss Bradford, Miss Edwards, Miss Worrell, Mrs. Grounds, and Miss Kenworthy. The principal occurrence -au the meeting in the even- ing when the chair was occupied by Mr. R. Pedley (ex- mayor of Crewe), and the subject of speech was "Free Church Principles." With the Chairman were the Revs. J. Aldis (Little Leigh), Alex Gordon, M. A. (Egremont), and Charles Green, of Liverpool. The CHAIRMAN said he had had for many years a great interest in Hill Cliffe Church, though it was no 53 years since he first visited the place. He was then on a visit to their late friend, Mr. Swinton, who accompanied him to the Sunday school anniversary. Since then he had felt a great interest in the chapel and its many as- sociations. At home he was associated . ith a eaurch somewhat similarly situated—that was,in a very retired spot—and in connection with which he had just cele- brated his jubilee. (Applause.) In 1844 he was bap- tised in a large pond of water, and he thought that it then required more courage to face baptism than to-day. Referring to the subject cf discourse he said he did not think there ever was a period in the history of tkeir church in this country when it was mere important that they should all thoroughly understand the principles upon which their church life was based. (Bear, hear.) They had the privilege of choosing their own creed and selecting their own ministers,end they had refused State aid and were not bound by the golden fetters which the members of the Episcopalian Church were to-day. Their free church principles were very much better and wider than that. They believed that they were the result of the divine teaching of the great founder of their church, Jesus Christ. (Hear, hear.) Referring to the National Free Church Congress in Nottingham held the other day Mr. Pedley said he was astonished at the statement made by Mr. Hughes that the Methodists, Baptists, and Con- giegationalists together had within the last 150 years provided equal religious accommodation to the Estab- lished Church. (Applause.) Mr. Pedley concluded by expressing confidence in free church principles. The Rev. JouN ALMS, in the course of a lenethy and capable address, said that free church principl-s were Absolute loyalty to Jesus Christ ; freedom from church patronage and control ; purity of communion ; and absolute autonomy—right of self-government in Christ. In conclusion he asserted that the Free Church had, not- withstanding their faults, been the greatest blessing to the land. (Applause.) Addresses, each dealing with a different aspect of the subject were delivered by the Rev. A. Gordon and the Rev. C. Green.

A satisfactory collection was taken and the proceeri- ings closed with the singing of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction.

HOUSEHOLD LTNEYS, hemmed and marked, free of charge and W. Duuton, Sankey-et, Warrington.—Advt.

FWING MACHINES, Hand £2 185. 6d. Ireadl. E 4 45. wur hlndsorne walnut cover.--J. and W. DUTTON 16 and 14 Sankev-st., Warrington.—Advt. STOVBS.—Iron Werehant. GARLAND, Bridge-street. HOUSEHOLD LINENS, hemmed and marked free of charge.— J. and W. Dui roN, Sankey-stz- et, Wanington.—Arltt LAMPS —.LS Garland ,Ireanonger,Warringto

===== 0002601_18960321_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EXTENSION BILL.

THE EXTENSION GRANTED.

A Local Government Provisional Order Bill for an ex- tension of the borough boundaries of Warrington, on Weanesday came before a committee of the Rouse of Commons, of which Sir James Kitson is chairman. The object is to confirm a Local Goverment Provisional Order so altering the limits of the borough as to include the following additional areas :—Part of the townships cf Appletoo with Hull, Latchford Without,Walton Infer- ior, Little Sankey, and Poulton-with-Fearnhead. Mr. Pembroke Stephens, Q.C., Mr. Balfour Browne, Q.C.,and Mr. Sutton represented the promoters. The Lmdon and North Western Railway ,_oinpany petitioned, their coun- sel being Mr. Pope, Q.C., Mr. Littler, Q.C., and Mr. Rickards.

At the outset, Sir J Kitson called Mr. Pembroke Step- hens's attention to the fact that Mr. Moon, a member of the committee, was a shareholder in the London and North-western, and that at the time the committee was selected the honourable member was not aware that the London and North-western were opposing. Mr. Pembroke Stephens expressed his entire confidence in the tribunal as at present constituted, and added that ineinLers having private interests sometimes were led to lean a I;ttle to the other side.

Mr. Rickards: We are obviously satisfied, and do not believe that the fact of Mr. Moon holding shares in the company will affect his mind one way or the other. Mr. Pembroke Stephens then proceeded with his open- ing for the promoters. The Bill, he said, was the result of a local inquiry which the Department had made, and it would not merely settle difficulties between the borough and the immediately adjacent districts, but be- tween the two counties; and the two counties were quite in accord. The boundary would keep to the dry land. The northern bank of the Manchester Ship Canal would be in o e county; the canal itself and the southern bank in the other county. By arrangement under this order neighbouring authorities were satisfied, and had actually petitioned in favour, and although county councils did not,as a matter of practice,formally petition,evideuce of consent could be,if nectssary, given in the present case. There was really no discordant note sounded,except by the London and North-Western Rail- way Company. in 1330 there was a Bill promoted for various purposes by Warrington, including the transfer of the waterworks and a certain exten- sion, but the outside authorities were not then approached, and the storm usually raised by proposals of annexation was brought about, and the scheme met with considerable opposition. But there WAS this to be said, that at the time stated the canal was still in process of construction, and it was -then stated that the promoters were trying to take as their boundary the line of the canal, which might be altered within the limits of the deviation. Warrington, of late, had felt the pressure of the joint committee which had charge of the purification of rivers, and it would shortly become its tt, rn to get into line. Warrington had already received certain formal notices, and had to look forward at no distant date to a rearrangement of sewage matters. That was one point, and the necessity had been prec.- nitated by another thing, namely, the works of the Manchester Ship Canal themselves. Another fact to be taken into consideration was the increase of population in the townships proposed to be included, and, further, there was a nectsiity for improved water supply. He did not know how long the London and North-Western were going to oppose the wishes of everybody in the dis- trict, but if they persisted in their opposition he must tell the committee that the proposed boundary had been recommended in the strongest way by various authori- ties, and by none more so than ty the county itself. A differential- scale of rating was asked for over periods of five, ten, and 15 years, ana that was the general line of the arrangement. The petitioning company said in their petition that they would not get any benefit from the increase of the town; but it was difficult to see how a scheme such as this could be car- ried out without their receiving a corresponding advan- tage. Again, the company asserted there was "no pub- lic ground." His reply was that everybody wished it. The proposals of 1390 might have been premature, but in 1896 the conditions were changed, and were as diffe.- ent as light from dark. There was reason to believe that under the extension the rates over the larger area woald be less.

The Chairman: That is not our general experience. Mr. Pembroke Stephens: I can only tell you, Sir James, that calculations have been made, and that the effect if the differential rates upon the London and North-Western Railway will not exceed a maximum at the end of the period of £l5O. They will pay exactly the same proportion as everybody else. Mr. Thomas Longdin, borough engineer and surveyor of Warrington, was then called, and examined by -Mr. Sutton in support of the Bill. Mr. Longdin generally bore out the statement of promoters' counsel. There was proposed for inclusion in the new borough bound- ary, for which no local authority would accept respon- sibility. and which was neither lighted nor policed. lie pointed out the great objections to a continuance of the prnant system of sewage outfall. The prevailing smells were abominable, and certain houses had no tenants in consequenre. In 1890 there were no such depositing of filth on the Mersey bank as now existed.

The Chairman : Is it necessary tl go fully into this ? Mr. Sutton: If the amalgamation is carried out, the sewage scheme becomes an easy one, but I do not wish to ask questions other than such as will assist the com- mittee.

—Mr.-Longdin then, replying to a general question of Mr. Sutton,sald if they, took in thq outlying district's the only place where they could put their sewage works was Little Sankey. At the close of tha examination in chief of Mr. Long - din, Mr. Sutton called attention to the absence of coun- sel on the other side to cross-3xamine, and consequently Proposed to call the clerk of the Lancashire County Council.

Mr. F. C. Hutton, clerk of the peace for Llncashire, and clerk of the Lancashire County Council,was accord- ingly examined by Mr. Sutton. Mr. Hutton said he at- tended the inquiry at Warrington on April 2nd,1895,and afterwards he consulted with the town clerk of Warring- ton and the clerk of the Cheshire County Council. They agreed on certain conditions intended to safegua the interests of both counties,and these proposals were agreed to by the parliamentary committee on April 19. The question of making the Ship Canal the boundary was fully considered.

Mr. Longdin, recalled for cross-examination by Mr. Rickards on hehalf of the railway company, said he gave evidence in 1890, when the centre line of the waterway of the Ship Canal was proposed as a bo,mdary. Be did not think th waterway was in the same way suggested when the application for this provisional order was deposited in 1894.. With regard to population in the several townships now proposed te be included, houses had been built and works extended since the promoters were before Parliament in 1890.

The next witness for the promoters was Mr. William Owen, architect and surveyor, of Warrington, valuer to the Warrineton Union, and surveyor to the district c,uncil. He reearded the proposed boundary of the boroueh as not only desirable, but necessary for the development of the ~everal townships proposed to be included.—Mr. Littler: Won't the Ship Canal continue to enjoy an exemption under the Public Health Act ? Witness : I should think they will.—Mr. Pembroke Stephens : But both the canal and the railway company will have the same principles applied to them, and can vnu see any hardship in that ?—I can see none what- ever. —Mr. Littler : That is a rash statement in answer to a leading question, because it is exactly the reverse. Mr. Robert Vaughan Matthews, civil engineer,residing at Little Sankey,examined by Mr. Sutton, said the pro- posed terms were satisfactory to the district cnuncil. Lord Lilford had offered an acre and a half of land for a recreation ground on condition that they went into the hornueh of Warrington.—Mr. Littler said he did not so interpret the letter.—The Chairman having read his lordship's communication said the letter spoke of a cer- tain contingency, but it did not affect the case one way or the other. Mr. Pembroke Stephens was about to call Mr. Man- sergh,but the Chairman intimated the committee had beard enough on the question of boundary,and some evi- dence might he called as to rating. The Referee : The Chairman suggests you should show why the L. and N.W. are to be taxed at the full within the .dded areas. Mr. Pembroke Stephens: With great respect they will have the same benefit of the differential rating as the added districts. The Referee : It does not appear that it is'so when I look at the order. Mr. J. L. Tunstall,Fellosv of the Tnstitute of Chartered Arcnuntants,and clerk to the Little Sankey Parish Coun- cil, called on the question of rating, said the tendency had been to decrease for many years. notwithstanding that a bad el..ss of property was taken in under the scheme of 1890.

On the con-ciUsion of the case for the promoters, Mr. Littler addressed the committee for the London and North-western Company. He submitted that this scheme would not benefit the company in any way whatever, and was entirely unreasonable in character, He objected airlczether to the theoretical figures of Mr. Tunswtallh, whiol he reaarded as founded purely upon fallacies. It wa most unfair to saddle the railwas company it burdens of increased taxation from which the Ship Canal Company would be exempt. He submitted a series of what he regarded as precedents against the present pro-

The petitioners did not call evidence, and the whole case being now before the committee, the room was clear-d. After a consnitation of a few moments, the committee-room was again thrown open. The Chairman t en said : I have to announce that the deeiqinn of the committee is that this order be con- firmed.

OIL' —GARLAND. Importer, 51, Midge-Street, Warrington.

HOUSEHOLD LlNEtfe,hemmed and marked free of charge. J. and W Dutto , Sankey-st.. Warrington.—Advt. HousfatoLo LlNENs.hemnaed and marked free of charged —J. and W. DUTTON. Sankey-5f., Warrington.— Advt. • E,SING MACHINES Hand £2 185.64. Treadle £4 4s. with h indsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON 16 and 18. Sankey-Bt., Warrington.—Advt.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A special meeting of the Warrington Board of Guar- dians was held in the Workhouse on Wednesday morning Mr. William Houghton presiding. There were also pre- sent Mrs. Clay, the Revs. T. R. Matthews, Father Moores, Messrs. S. Davies, J. Warburton, A. Jolley, A.J. Jolley, G. Thompsln, W. Hickman, J. Clarke, H. Hit- hert, T. B. Malkin, J. Dignurn, W. Cross, A. Lang, J. Billinge, Dr. Patterson, T. Halton, J. W. Knowles, John Johnson. S. Sutton (deputy clerk), C. H.Ward (master), H. M. Mines (superintendent).

THE LATE REV. G. F. ROBERTS. The DEPUTY-CLERK read the following letter from Mrs. Roberts in reply to the vote of cimdolence passed at the last meeting of the [hard :—" Beechfield, Gkz-brook, Manchester, March 13th, 1896. Dear Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentletnen,—l thank you very sincerely for your kind expressions of sympathy with ma in the loss of my late husband,the Rev. G. F. Roberts who always felt the kindly feeling evinced towards him by both the members and officials of the Board of Guardians. Again thaNking you, believe me faithfully yours, ANN ROBERTS."—" My dear Mr. Sutton,—Will you kindly convey my sincere thanks to the Chairmsn and members of the Ittlral District Council for their kind expressions of sympathy with me in the loss of my late husband,the Rev. G. F. Roberts. Yours etc., ANN ROB2RTS." APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS. Mr. SUTTON Said that he had received notice of ap- pointment of overseers for the township of Warrington and Latchford, and it would be necessary for Parish Councils at their first meetings to appoint overseers, and to communicate the same to the clerk to the Guatdians.

TUE NEW INFIRMARY. A letter was read from the Local Government Board with reference to the resolution passed by the Guardians on the sth ult, with reference to the proposed new in- firmary. It stated that an order would be issued auth- orising the Guardians to purchase the land referred to at a cost not exceeding £2,322 les. in addition to the cost of purchase. The order also authorised the Guar- dians to borrow the money. Mr. Sutton said that while in London on conference business, the Clerk and Mr. Pilling had had an interview with Mr.Gordoa Santh,the architect of the Local Government Board with reference to the infirmary, and as they were again in London with reference to the Borough Extension Bill, they proposed to have a further interview. Everything was going on satisfactorily.

DEATH OF MRS. WATKINS. Mr. CLSRKE moved a vote of condolence with one of the efficera of the Union. The person he referred to was Dr. Watkins who had lost his wife. Mrs. Watkins was very nuich respected by everyone who knew her.—The Rev. T. R. Matthews seconded, and Mr. H. Hibbert sun- ported saying that he had known Dr. and Mrs. Watkins for over 25 years.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TENDERS.

The Board then proceeded to the consideration of tenders for the ensuing half year :—End and twill, Coates and Son ; clogs,John Hill ; stone,Slate Company; potatoes. J. W.Houghton ; beef and mutton, J.Bowcock ; coffins, Unsworth ; groceries, Percival ; straw, J. NV. Houghton ; bread, J. Strange ; glazing,Longshaw ; flour and meal, Stanley Carter ; brushes, Ratcliffe ; coal and slack, R. Evans, and Co. ; shoes, W. Roberts; leather, referred to the Schools Committee ; oakum, Hamblett ; firewood, E. A. Denham ; drapery, Fletcher and Lea; hosiery, Pemberton. Beckett's tender for alterations was accepted.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAN WHO CURSED DRINK.

At the Warringtoa Borough Police Colnt on Wednes- day, before Mr. John FaiTclough (chairman), and Mr. J. Geddes, Nathan Ellis, 20, Barry-street, was charged with being dtunk and disorderly in Barry-3tr,et at 11 o'clock on Tuesday night.—He pleaded not guilty. Defendant is the man who a sl4ort time ago in giving evidence against his wife who was prosecuted for drunk- enness said in the box that there would not be a happier woman in Warrington but for than " d—' drink."

P.C. Wood stated that about 11 o'clock on Tuesday night he was called to Barry-street where he found defendant quarrelling with his wife. He was very drunk and witness tried to persuade him to be quiet. Defend- ant kicked his wife about the street, and struck her several times in his presence. He went in the house but came out again and was going to re-cpmmence his dis- turbance so witness locked him up. His wife had a black eye and several marks upon her face. She waS sobsr at the time.

Inspector Taylor said that he was in the Police Statiod when defendant was brought in and he was very drunk at the time. His wife had said that morning that defendant caused the injuries to her face. Defendant: I was not drunk but excited. She (his wife) wmil raving drunk. I have had no drink for a fortnight.

Jose-ph Flamer, a witness called by defendant br his defence, said that he had nothing to say except that defendant had had a drink or two of beer. Mr. Fairclough : And he sail he had had no drink for a fottnight.

The Chief Constable (Mr. L. Talbot) said the defen- dant had been very troublesome to the police for somo time. Once he was in the box to give evidence and used bad language t 3fore the Bench. Defendant (with sarcasm) : Is it the Chief Constable that is prosecuting. Mr. Talbot : Yes; Just the very man. (Laughter.) The defendant was fined 103. and costs or 14 days. As he was being conducted to the cells prisoner turned round and seeing his wife in court, shook his fist at her and :aid " You b when I come back bs the death of you." _

- The Cinef Constable then had him brought back and placed in the box again. Sergeant Chantler then gave formal evidence of the threat. Mrs. Eilis,whose face was in a fearful condition, came forward and said that her husband and another woman had so injured her. She did not want him sent to gaol. She admitted t Ning afraid of him. The magistrates said that in view of the threat and the present state of his wife, they had decided that de- fendant would have to find two sureties of £lO each ,to keep the peace for six mt,nths, or go to goal for a month.

Prisoner: Thank you. I'll have to go to goal then.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL

ELECTIONS.

THE NOMINATIONS. Four o'clock on Mondoy afternoon was the last hour fixed for the nomination of candidates for the election of six councillors for the Urban District Council of Run- corn. A list of the candidates are appended. It will be seen that two of the retiring councillors are returned unopposed. These are Mr. James Pritchard, for Heath ward, and Mr. John Jones, of the London and North-. Western Railway Hotel, for Newtown ward. No fewer than five candidates have been nominated for Mersey ward, the retiring representatives of which (Mr. R. H. Posnett), does not seek re-election. Of the remaining three wards, viz.:—Halton, Central, and Bridgewater, two candidates have been nominated for each, but it is very likely that there will be withdrawals as both Mr. William Handley and Mr. E. Gatley have been nomin- ated for two wards. The last day for candidates to ; withdraw is to-day (Friday), at four o'clock,when it will be definitely known who intend going to the poll. Mr. F. A. Lake, law clerk to the Council, is the returning officer. The candidates,with the names of their pro- posers and seconders are as follows HALTON WARD :—Ellis Galley, 3, John-street, trade waterman's society, proposed by James Banner, 30, Union-street, seconded by Matthew John Sweetman, 2, Malcolm-street ; Francis Wiswall, Stanley Villas, civil engineer, proposed by Simnel Taylor, Rydal Mount, seconded by John Price, Halton-road. MERSEY WARD :—Ellis Gatly, proposed by Joseph Owen, 26,801 d-street, seconded by John Taylor,4,Albert- terrace ; Charles Dutton, Wilson's Hotel, licensed victualler, proposed by Eliza Turner, 1., Irwell-lane, seconded by Edward Johnsone, 35, Bridge-street; John Baptist Gastaidi ; propc sed by John Morris, 21, Bridge-street, seconded by Charles Dutton. Wilson's Hotel ; William Handley, Heath-road, Higher Runcorn, Savings Bank Actuary, proposed by John Bate, 61, Bridge-st., seconded by Joseph Henderson, 4, Pool-lane ; Jonathan Horsefield, Cinal-at., coal merchant, proposed by Arthur Riley, 49, Bridge-street, seconded by James Wheat, 11, Bridge-street. CENTRAL WARD :—John Baptist Gastaidi, Irwell-lana clerk in holy orders, proposed by Thomas Kennedy, Church-street, seconded by Peter Phillips, I,Church-st. ; Joseph Pritchard, Halton-road, Haltoo,watchmaker,pro- posed by James Leo, 38, High-st., seconded by Richard Moores, 43, High-st. BRIDGE WATER WARD :—Murdoch McKenzie.l Clarence Terrace surgeon, proposed by George Heasley, 6, Tren- tham-se., seconded by James Howie.Hamilton,36, Leins- ter Gardens ; William Handley,proposed by John Capoer 52, Egerton-street, seconded by George Gibson, 60, Egerton-street.

NEWTOWN WARD :—John Jones, 11. Lowland-road, licensed victualler, proposed by Samuel Yarwood, 40, Albert-3treet,seconded by Richard Marsh, 3 and 5 Low- land-road ; also by Frederick Lewis, 101 Greenway- road, and Alfred Ashbrook, 76 Greenway-road. HEATH WARD :—James Pritchard, The Elms, Higher Runcorn, proposed by Philip Speakman, The Mount, sec onded by John W. Lightburn, Heath House.

SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. There was again a large attendance at the weekly entertainment provided in the Seamen's Institute on Tuesday evening. A miscellaneous programme was provided, and the proceedings were presided over by Mr. Shaw (missionary). Pianoforte solos were per- formed by Mr. Full, and Mr. G. Finney was successful in securing an encore for his performance on the mouth organ. The vocalists were Mr. J. Prire, who was encored, Mr. Harmon and Mr. G. Finney, A dialogue was also given by Mis% Lythgoe and the Misses Dean. Mr. Full ably accompanied on the piano. The usual vote of thanks concluded a pleasant evening's entertain- ment.

LACE CURTAINS DIRECT FROM THE AIANUFA.C;URERS.

-- - THE HAPPY HOME PA.RCEL.-1 Pair elegant Dr.iit ing Room Curtains, 4 yds. long, 2 yds. wide ; 1 pair splenCo Dining Room Curtains. 3/ yds. long, 52 in. wide; 1 pso Breakfast Room Curtains, floral style. 3 yds. long, 48 IV wide; 1 pair pretty Bedroom Curtaii s. 3yi.s. long, 4010' wide (ALL TAPED EDGES); 1 Lace Coshini Cover, 1 Lae Handkerchief. 12 yds Fancy Lace, 12 yds. Crcchet Fdgitit The lot, Car. Paid, 17s 6d. Whit •or Ecru. SUCH HANDSCon VALUE ITAS NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Money return if not approved. Pieture Book o' Lace Curtains, Rolled Blinds. Frilled Curtains, Lace, &C., Post Fr'. ROLLO!: BLINDS. edged with Lace or Fringe, from ss. 6d, Sacupla'' of Materials on approval. H. GORRINGS SL Co., 56 DEPT,, NOTTINGLT.Agi

and liii tays 9. Ingham I 20, 11 3f. —aingham 1 52. Sun Tinickburn -2 I 8 47 102. aackpool-5 7.30. ), 614, 1 17, Slnwolton-6 45,F Itlthdays 8 43 a. Jarlisle —2 37, 37, 3 35 Chester-7 42, 134.7 42, 10 14, 1 Collins Green. 6 20, 7 8, 9 25, 1 Crewe—u3 0, f,35. 320, 5 le. 4, 35. aldonday Daresbury-7 Oundays 8 44, a Derby Glidlai Eitinday s 11 45 a EariestoNi n 12 7,12 2.5. 115, tays,7 40,8 35, Edinburgh-2 Iltuidays 2 40 a. Fiddler's Fen *30.512,6 17,2

_ Piodsham -7 4,42,10 14. Su

Itoore-7 35, Newton-le-W +0 0, 10 40, 12 717,9 5,9 25,10 to 0, 6 0, 7 47,9 Padgate-7 0 528,7 0, 8 12. 9 Preston-2 31

Z 5, 348. 445 35, 60 9 45, _

Runcorn-7 Sankey (for _ 3 10, 58, 4G. days 9 0, 11 25, days only. (0 tlhelneld (2 —8 55, 10 55, .Bt. Helens— Bb, 6 20, 7 8,1 Southport (, 114. 315, 4 aaaturdays on. Thelwall-6 518, 613. 7 8, c

417! only. Fri Widnes (Che 10, 2 68, 4 0, 41 90, 9 36, • u,‘ idnes ( L. 5 12,6 17, ,Wigan-2 37, k" 45, 348, 4 'lindays Z 37.

Acton Bridg( gundays 753, &hear and 20, 2 26, 8 22. Birmingham 550, 7 25,10 15 Birmingham 6 45 t 5 45. MO 3 ept Mondays. Blackburu.—: 12 35, Sundays Blackpool ( •7LO, 8 35, 10 0 Blackpool (C 45. 6 55, 8 15. Bolton-5 4; 6 55, 8 30. Sun Carlisle-12 etuidays 12 5 Chester-2 0 2 10,2 50, 3 45 30,a,rn. 650,

13O1lins Gree 10. 5 28, 623

Lrewe-2 1, 4 10,5 25,5 40,E Daresbury- -7 21, aan, 37

riethy-T-8 15, 33. 'Sundays tiondays. , Earlestown- -42 50,1 8,1 47,e 10 50. Sund,yl Edinburgh— , Piddler's Fel D 7.62.654.8 Prodsham-- Sundays 6 59. 4ariton (C he 125. 1256. Z 1121. Sunda, Glasgow-1t Golborne —6 1042. Sunda: Rough Greei b 0 5 2.5, 6 7, 7 , 4 55.,9 10.

Irlam and C, Sundays 10 59 Latehford-1 aO. 4 22, b 5 4 33, 7 33. aS Liverpool ( 130, 3 0, 4 3( Lm. 6 30, 8 40 Via Widnes 20 65, 811

Liverpool ( 35,9 38, 103 4, 30, 345, 4 <, 30. 8 40. 9 3 2 55,4 20,6 30,'

London (L. 40 0, 120. SL

. London (MI 2. Sunday_

_ Lymm-8 5 4 VW; b 5 33. 5 f. 7 15. aSaturd ldancheeter 6. 2 2,3 0. 3 8 30, 90,950

Manchester 4S. 20, 340 Manchester V 35, 10 30, 1( b3O, 6 flays, 8 30, 9 1 'claYs and Bah Middlewich

• • Moore-7 0, 1 52, 16,1 • 18, Sunday Padgate-7 •ttay 8 53, 11 Preston—a! 25, 759, f 4aLondays exc Runeorsi-8 £29, 829. „Saakey (for 36, 1 36.2 49, 3 43, 5 7 Sheffield (M Su

iiejell-s: '4▪ 55, 2 55, 445 9 35,n,m • Southport ( stays only. Thelwall-8 1• 8, 65 37 E ▪ 29, 7 19. ca: Widnes (L. 4 0 5 0 IL 6. * ,` Widnes Cb 4Z*O, 335 4 25 44. 33,.5 J Wiga.4-2 41 50, 4254 4411,3 40, 6 5

144

g faxam !ly yet y upon i3oweis VII un- pur-

become

Kid- ,o the and

njoy ideal with- Fort. ,ared only

; or post ot— DN, B.C.

Lrough mit the tn be named, LOZENGES .ly no remedy' ief. so certaia zate can take

" there is rfil XEATING'6 f ; they wil 3 yiur heitb

nn Gout Or irnmc if- LIE'S PILLS. nonipls have th sorts and res,ifying W tla le FILO in the veri Is are pureli etly sate V/

RE THE mu,

JI It BS , 'er given

nt Dewskaur 72a(. 189je13 th tinboto"'l, a few Iftl_eB,; noellent ILA,LIO' s nrst td I had three IL Of cant" Ld he sweated a a skeleton. had Another rsuaded by al Is. I did sOr 11 pevented gain. Ever itad the least 2 or 3 FIII 1 tight agaill 3 WITHOUT :Y COST _

BOTTLE. )erty to mako th;,, and answer sni :ares to write pet addres* uccess.

) . `i - T,,,,, ,

===== 0002601_18960321_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
r - • • W.• - - "`" soletv

--A , .

A pleasant and refreshing laxam five remedy, acting mildly yet thoroughly and effectuallv upon the Liver, Kidneys, and Bowels without any of the known un- pleasant effects of pills and pur- gative,. Such a remedy has now become•

generally known.

fr. -4 .4 isCr

===== 0002601_18960321_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
. • 1,, 11,4., OF

1 4.: v 4

An absolute cure for Habitual Constipation, Sluggish Liver, Biliousness, Headache, Loss of Appetite, Dyspepsia, Indigestiou, and the many ills arising from a clisorded state of the Liver, Kid- neys and Bowels. Pleasant to the palate; prompt yet gentle and painless in action. Children enjoy it, delicate ladies find it an ideal medicine; busy men take it with- out inconvenience or discomfort.

The true and original Syrui? of Figs is pnpared only

by the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP COMPANY.

Of Chemists ever ywhere. Price lil and 2/9; or NU free on receipt of price, from the Depot- -32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, B.C.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ibbltratiolls.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LiWA Y TIME TA BLE MARCH.

FROM WARRINGTON TO Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 53, 2 35, 5 15, 5 355 mdays 10 15 a.m. and Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.d3 15,a 40, a 6 alays 9 36, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if required. _lngham (L & N -W.)a3 23 7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0,1 50, NI 20, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 u, 4 2C, 11 35, aMof days ***----aingham (Midland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 1 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. '.lllllLcitburn -237, 5 29. 5 45, 8 35, 955, 12 25, 2 25, 445 1847 102. Sundays 843,60. aackpool-5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 225, 7.30. ), 614, 1 17, 87, 102. Sundays 2 37, 8 43, 60. Ellrvolton-5 45,8 5 919 100, .040.1 15, 3 20,4 21, 6 25, 95, Vitipadays 843 a.m., 5 0.7 47, p.m. Jarlisle-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 37, 3 35 Chester-7 42,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 5 11. *▪ 4.7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 844 a.m. 7 45,11 32. bArpley. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. „ Crewe-a3 0, b 3 23, 7 10, 735, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 1135. 320, 515, 723, 11 35. Sundays 30. 1015, 423. 35• aMonclays excepted. bMondays' only. Daresbury-7 42, 95, 12 15, 1 52. 3 13, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50,11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. Bartestow n-5 47.7 10.8 25.8 35,9.25,10 5,13 10, 1020, 1040, 127,12 25, 1 15,3 30,3 48, 5 5, 5 25 6 20,7 8. 9 25, 10 20. Sun- l'aYs.7 40,8 35, 8 43. a m. 4 56,60, 47,9 45 p.m. liclinburgh-2 40. 520. 9 55, 1140, 1235, 2 25, 348, 10 15 &ways 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. , Fiddler's Ferry & Peukt th--7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55, *3O, 512,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays to 43, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham --7 42. 9 5. 10 23. 12 15. 1 52. 3 13, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, 7A2, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines),---7 12, 7 56, 831. 95. 12 '0 t 5, 2 10. 40, 70, 80, c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- -90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays 'guy. cSaturdays ex,lepted. r. Glasgow-2 40. 520. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 48, 10 13. Mind:lgs 2 40, a.m. 9 45. Golborne-5 45,7 1.0,15 35, 10 40,12 25, 1 15,3 4815 25, 7 17, Q 25 10 10. Sundays 843.60. Ilougn Green-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10,4 0 vO, 70. 79, 80, 69 30, alo 20, Sunday 0, 11 25, 2 39, I Li, 9 18. aMondays and Saturdays only *Saturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishe.ad (Central)-7 0, 755, 8 14, 70,9 15 IStuldays 806, 10 12, 3 20, 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, 1049, 12 36. 1 16. 338. 4 11. 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 45, 14 13. liundays 8 50, 3 8. 8 18. aSaturdays only. ~.Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 532. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, .4Z 7, 1 15, 348. 55,620 7 8, 9 25, 1020. Sundays 35, 530, 1" 35, 843. 3 28. 4 56, 60, 9 45. From High Level Plattorm. vMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,9 43, 109, 1153,1 55, 3 30, 5 12,6 17.8 0, 9 43. Sundays 8 48, 2 40,7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35. 530, 7 12, 756, 8 31. 6 50,95. 950. 1024, 10 30, 1050, 11 50, 120, 12 50, 12 57, lb. 141, 150,210.250,38. 337, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 550, 618. '8 50,7 0, 7 5'.."; 80, 8 50.9 6, 920, 10 15 1046. dill°, 11 39 Sundays 435,5 30. 90. 945, 11 25. 2 20, 2 39, 7 10, 830,9 18, 10 18, 10 33. aL'xcept 'Mondays. ,London (L. & N.-W.) -a3 0, 63 23, 7 33. 9 50, 10 45, 120 1 50,3 20,5 15,11 35. Sundays 3 0, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays 'excepted bnoudays only. London (Midland)-6 14. 9 59, 1139, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53.1 iStmd.ays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20,7 22, 80, 90, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,1 16, 3 38, 411, 5 18.5 40c 6 13. 78, a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850, 38, 8 11. aSaturdays only. cFrom Arpley Station. cWeduesdays and Thursdays excepted, ,„ Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, a 3 10, 64 45, 5 45, 7 10, 1120, 919, 100. 10 40, 12 14, 1 15,2 0.3 20, 4 21, 525, 65 7j.,9 5, 10 20. Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 8.43 a.m.,5 0, 6 20,7 47. •Vrom High Level Platform. aMoncLtys only, bMondays CePted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-"6 20 20,1 55, 857. 9 55,1046, 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5,9 10, 1140. INUndays 8 46, 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 14, 8 55, 9 2 ▪ 55, 10 55, 11 25, 11 55, 1255. 155, 255, 3 55, 4 55, 555 6...53,7 0, 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 25, 9 55, alOO, allls, 11 50, 1157 a. Oundays 8 56, 9 37, 1012, 35, 323, 515, 718, 8 55, 9 22, 35, 10 0. aSaturdays only. bliddlewich-7 35, 1045. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Moore-7 35, 1 50,2 35, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. INewton-le-Willows-2 45a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 10,8 35,9 19, 100, 10 40, 1214, 12 25, 1 15. 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5 25, 6 25, 717,9 5,9 25,10 10,10 20. Sundays 3 10,7 40. 8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 60, 60, 7 47, 9 45. aMondays only, alondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 755,8 14,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 12 27,1 44, 2 17,3 55, 628,7 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56. 10 12, 3 50, 5 15,9 35. Preston-231. 5 29, 545, 835, 955, 11 4 12 25, 25. 348. 445, 6 14, 7 17, 847. 102. Sundays,o 37, 8 43, 3 35,60 945. Runcorn-7 38,8 25, 9 43, 11 53,1 55, 3 30, 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Petiketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 11 0, 12 0, 15, 210, 258, 4G, 5 29. a 6 u, 70,80, a 9 30, 610 20, 10 46. Sun days 90, 11 25. 2 39. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' days only. (C.L.(J.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line .-8 55, 10 55, 1227. 155, 46, - 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, St. Helens-5 32, 7 10,8 20,8 35,10 5, 10 40, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 56, 6 20, 78, 9 45, 1020. Sundays 835. 8 43, 4 56,6 0, 945 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-? 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, 114, 315, 40, 53, 65, 7 9,9 10, Sundays 9 36,2 5,8 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11, 518, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- ,

. . . . ap only. From ispley Station. _ Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56. 8 31,9 5,10 5,11 0.12 0,1 5 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,7 0, 80. 9 10, a 9 30, blO 23. &m- -4 a 90, 9 36, 2 39. 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. LSaturdays idnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 43, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, "3,„_. 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. ' ,Wigan-2 37, 5 29. 5 45, 7 10, 8 3P, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 25, Ll 5, 3 48, 4 45. 5 25. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47. 925, 10 2, 10 10. '4l4idays 2 37. 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 45.

TO WARRINGTON FROM , ILeten Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 4 40, 6 44, 829 ZUltdays 753. 432. 8 24, 9 54. Sundays Altcar ',rid Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18,

2-6; 2 26 , 8 22 . Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30,3 40. 550, 7 25,10 15, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birmingham (Nlidland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 545 6 45. MO 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. bEx- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 850, 1048, 1 55, 2 40, 3 20,5 34,755, 1012, 1235, Sundays 8 0, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 7110, 835,100. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. Elackuool (Central)-8 0, 827. 8 55, 9 55. 10 10, 20, 2 50, 4 45, 6 55, 815, Sunda3 s 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. Bolton-5 45, 80. 8 40, 9 15. 10 35. 12 35. 220, 4 15, 5 10, 555, 830. Sundays 8 20 a.m.,6 10, 920 p.m. Carlisle-12 5, 12 10a, 6 50, 8 40, 12 50,1 40, 4 22,5 38,8 41. etuidays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays only, Chester-2 0,2 32, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, E 10,2 50, 3 45, 5 5, 5 30, 6 35, 7 35, 8 35. Sundays 2 0. 2 32, 30.a,m. 6 50, p.m. aSaturdays only. , Collins Green-6 39,7 16. 8 42,10 9,11 28,12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 '4 1.0,5 28, 623, 9 16, 10 46. Sundays BL. a.m., 715. trewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 115, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 410,5 25,5 40,65.8 5,920. Sundays 2 1. 4 55,7 10,2 40,4 0,9 12' Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 24, 8 13. Sundays 21, a.m. 7 37 p.m. Derby-8 15, 10 20, 1 10, 35, 350, 4 45, 70,8 3, al2 35 33. 'Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aExcept lawndays. , Earlestown -6 59, 720, 843, 932, 10 13, 11 31, 12 41 12501 8,1 47,2 15, 3 14,3 21,5 8,5 20,5. 53,6 37,7 14.7 38,9 29 10 50. Sundsys 8 24, 9 59, 4 0, 7 3J, 9 27. Edinburgh-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 1224, 2 17, 3 2 7, 62. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57. 87. Frodsham-7 55, 93, 102, 11 27, 232. 47, 5 27, 6 57, 7 57 atindays 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. Gariton(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627, 7 42, 90, 9 50, 1040, 12 5, 12 56. 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56, 59, 5 56, 6 57, 93, _ Z Al 21. Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 651, 554. Glasgow-1010, 20, 555, 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 28,2 41, 4 36,5 35,7 15, 9 1, 1042. Sundays 9 40, 75. 10 3,1 9,1 54, 2 24, 3 19' Hough Green-6 40, 7 55, 825, 99, 0 5 23, 67. 7 11, 94, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, , 4 55„9 10. Irlam RIM Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 54, 8 52, 11 20 Sundays 10 59, 6 53, 8 35. 10 0. Latchiord-i3 13, 8 40. 932 10 5, 11 17, 1 20. al 45, 213 a 0.4 22, 65 41. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sundays 533 33, 7 33. aSaturdays only. bbaturdays excepted. Liverpool (vie liarlestown)-a2 .55, 60, 80, 9 20, 11 50, 130, 30, 430 5 35, 8 35, 105, *lll5. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, 4.m. 6 30, 8 40. ziNlondays only. 'Saturdays only. -4. Via Widnes-6 25.8 20. 95, 955. 1235, 130. 2 40, 3 35,4 23, 20, 65, 8 10, 1045. Sundays 7 45, 2 10. 7 20, 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, • ..,4° 35,938, 103) 11 30,11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1. 50,2 0. '4 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 Si,s 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 8 0 30, 3 40, 9 30, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 2 30, 2 55,4 20,6 30,5 30,833.9 35. a Nlondays and Saturdays only. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, 100, 12 0. Sundays 10 0 50, 10 0, 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5. 12 0. 20.40,50, a 9 15 12 0. Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays Lymm-8 5 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9. 1 11. a 137, 25.250 4 14, 65 33. 558. 6 41,7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,2 0,9 40,11 0, 11 25, , • 6. 2 2,3 0. 3 45,4 25,5 0,5 10, 7 5,9 20,10 43. Sundays 80, 230, 9 0, 9 50, a.m. 6 0. 10 40. From Exchange. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35 1, 20, 340, 655, 520, 6 5. 7 5. 8 55, 1045. Sundays 40, 1 4r., 6 30. &Saturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 720, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 935, 10 30, 10 •45, 11 30. 12 30. 12 45. 130, 230. 3 30, 4 30, • 48. 530, 6 30, 6 38,7 30, 3 30. 833, 9 55, alo 50.11 0. 5un- ,7,311, 833, 910, 9 30.10 40,1 40.20 25,6 40, 8 15,,9 40. aMon- '43's and Saturdays only. Middlewich-6 48, 11 37, 2 42, 6 1. Moore-7 0, 96, 11 57, 320 455, 657. Sundays 8 15,4 48. Newton-le-Willows.-6 55, 7 30, 8 42, 924. 10 9. 11 23, „ 52, 1 6,1 30,3 0, 4 7.4 58,5 5.5 49,6 27.7 30,7 35, 99, 9 55, 4.8 • Sundays 8 30, 9 49. 10 0, a.m, 3 55, 7 20, 115. Padgate-7 51. ;3 26. 90,10 6, 19, 25, 5 17, 73, 9 16. Sun- day 8 53, 11 20. 2 32, 9 12. 10 13. Preston-a 2 11, 62 36,5 50,6 25,95, 939' 11 20, 11 28, 2 46 • 25, 7 59, 9 30. 10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, 10 46 44/ondays excepted. bMonday mornings only Ituncorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 4C', 4b: 29, 829. Sankey (for Penketh)-6 51. 8 6. 8 41. 925, 10 19, 11 24. 36, 136.2 5,2 40. 3 44, 4 25,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 934. Sundays 49, 3 43, 57, 923. (C. L. C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chiuley and Dore Line -11 0, 2 0, 55. 65. Sundays 8 15. Helens-6 25, 70, 628, 9 18, 9 55,11 15,125. 12 50, 1 30. 2 55, 4 45, 5 15, 610, 70, 90. 10 30, *ll2O. Sunday w. 9 35,a,m., 6 55, 95. *Saturia3;s only. L3outhport (Lord Street) - 8 10, 10 20, 11 25, 10, 215, 355 0, 85,a9 0, 935. Sundays 90, 25,80. aSatui- , '4l4Y's only. 4 Tjaelwall-8 9, 8 36, 9 28, 1010, 11 13, 1 15, al 41, 29, 255, 29d. 65 37, 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, , 7 19. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays ex.cept ed. 'dues (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 856, 9 33,10 33, 12 16.1 4, 2 10, 6. 40,5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50, 7 59, Virid „nes Cheshire Lines)-8 30,9 15, 10 9, 1112, 12 25, 1 25. 35, 4 25, 5 29.6 12, 7 16.7 56,9 10, 9 25. all 42 Sundays wi J 7,9 21.,. aOn Satur,lays only. t5O ita,s--_2 41. S 5. 6 33, 8 IS, 9 31, 10 10, 11 23, 12 15, 4 20, 9.5 75, 8 52,10 30. Sundays 2 41, 9 30, 40, 6 50, 11 13.

BRITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE

===== 0002601_18960321_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
sourrrAnr."

PILLS [ . and 23. Si; e Proprietor. .0. Ask for kINiD RIIETI•.

should read of vital jm- s and in all ha means of not be 3, ode stamp Please name

d mysterfon. ;ood, but =l9 will send you :RTAIN mire om whatever ) ELECTRIC' 18 for postage ion. W.O

VOMEN

Light to be not harr. tly divided ,he changes The second ,andpoint ; rho should useful in- DM an in- le marriage riages as nancy. The during the nishaps and r treats of imarks are , but rather Itches how )e i eve that le, but the an be made •ed ; these tho proper s born. The till she is ?r treats of ese may be er treats of all women. ,nation and et a matters too much owledge 10

The book 5 Box, 4, '., in return

-1

===== 0002601_18960321_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
JitERS.

legant Dr3it pair epleadLo wide; 1 psiF ;. long. 48 115° . long, 40 ,IIP, over, 1 LSug ,ehet Fdgilsg! CH HAN Dso3P; n-y returnw, r tains, Roll% ROLLP, 6d. Sarupla"

'TINGHAk

===== 0002601_18960321_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION

MEETING AT WARIZINGTuN.

A public meeting under the auspices of the British Women's Temperance Association, Warring- ton Branch, was held at the Bold-st. Lecture Hall, last week. There was a large attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mrs. John Fairclough, who was supported on the platform by Miss Agnes Slack, hon. sec. of the World's Women's Christian Temperance Association, Miss Bessie Dutton, Mrs. H. Roberts, Mrs. Clay. and Mrs. J. Yonge. The' meeting was opened by the sin..;ing of the well- known hymn, "Onward Christian soldieis," after which Miss Dutton engaged in prayer. Mrs. FAIRCLOUGH, in her opening address, said that she must begin by making an apology as that was the first time that she had ever presided over a public meet- ing. She had to introduce to them Miss Slack. She had had the pleasure of hearing Miss Slack some time ago in Burnley, and she was delighted with the sensible and practical address she thee gave. She thought that the audience would have the same opinion after hearing her that night. It was no use denouncing the sins or the weaknesses of other people if they had no feasible remedy suggested. Miss Slack, who was the hon. secretary of the National British Women's Temper- ance Association, would no doubt be able to point out the disease and its antidote. The best thing was to try to do something. Drink was ruining the country and paralysing everything. She thought this was shown by the fact that many people scarcely liked to do anything against ittowing to the different organisations connected with it. The Dean of Norwich once said that the drink was like the Caspian Sea, that great lake in South- Eastern Europe, about which so little was known. He said that this received all the tributary streams, all the rainfall and all the snows from the mountains, but it always kept a dead level. And so the drunkard it seemed to him never did any- thing for anybody. She was inclined to think that drunkards were worse than that, as they went lower down and did not preserve a dead level. The best thing was to get hold of the children. (Applause.) If they never tasted, they would never want it. She was afraid that Warrington was a backward town in anything con- nected with temperance work. It made little headway, but she believed they were doing a little. She believed in hereditary taint. Ste did not think that alcoholic ancestry always meant alcoholic descendants, but it meant degeneration, less vitality, and diminished long- evity. She thought that more could be done by the Christian churches on behalf of total abstinence. She did not believe so much in temperance,as in total abstin- ence. (Applause.) It had been said that total abstin- ence was un-English. She did not thing so, as it some- times required courage to be a teetotaler, and English- men loved courage. It was not always plain sailing to be a teetotaler. It weuld be a good thing if everyone would do his utmost in the cause of temperance. (Ap- plause.) Miss AGNES SLACK at the commencement of her ad- dress said that she always had an "odd "way at the meetings she addressed and explained that that was at the end of her address she went round and asked every woman in the room to sign the pledge. She asked them to join the British Women's Temperance Association, as to join such an organization was to give power to them. It was wonderful what could be done by organization. She prayed that they would all help to get the souls and bodies of the drunkards free from the dreadful power of drink. There was nothing so harmful to the souls and bodies of men and women as drink. There was nothing causing so much irreligion and poverty, and so much pauperism as drink. They should vote to get the laws changed. She was determined to bother the Govern- ment as long as she lived, aril they should bother the Government until they gave way, and granted them the power to put down the monstrous drink traffic. They might ask what were the advantages of joining a large national organization. If they joined the organization they would come in contact with;specialists whose whole lives were spent in making a study of the question of in- temperance their one theme. No one, whoever they might be, could come into contact with a specialist without a wonderful gain to themselves. Then the Association was an armytof women banded together for one obj and that object a good one, and they were therefore side by side with thousands of other women, which fact would crush out all feelings of jealousy. They were very proud of their leaders. She did not think that it was possible to have a better one than Lady Henry Somerset. (Applause.) It was a privilege to know of her beautiful consecrated life. She (the speaker) was one who knew a good deal of their president, and to come into contact with her was to be lifted by it. (Ap please.) Alluding to moderate drinkers she said th she never denounced them, but she tried to make them very uncomfortable. (Laughter.) 'I he moderate drinkers might say they did no harm, but did they read it in the Bible that Christ went about doing no harm ? They read that He went about doing good, and every- body who took His name must go about doing good and not lead'a miserable, inactive existence, doing no harm. She, however, combatted the idea that the mcderate drinker did no harm. By their example they did a lot of harm, and it was hard to tell who was a moderate drinker. It seemed to be consi iered that a man who drank just enough to prevent himself from being drunk was a moderate drinker. At any rate, never in the his- tory of this country had moderate drinkers taken so much as at present. She appealed to all moderate drinkers, who might be in the audience to give up the drink for the sake of their children, and she gave several examples in support of her contention that moderate drinkers by their example were the sources of great temptation to many weak persons. She concluded an eloquent address by appealing to her hearers to join in the great movement for the uplifting of England, and to enroll themselves members of the British Women's Temperance Association. (Applause.) During the evening, the proceedings were enlivened by several solos by Miss Bennett, of BewseV. At the close of the meeting a vote of thanks were passed to Mrs. Fairclough for presiding.

WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. Registrar Ridgway.

A GRAPPENHALL PUBLICANS BANKRUPTCY.— Charles Eaton, of the Barry Arms Inn, Grappen hall, licensed victualler and farmer. appeared to undergo his public examination in bankruptcy. The gross liabilities were stated to he £lO7 18s. id., and were expected to rank at £B3 75., and the assets were estimated to produce £l2 Bs. 11d. Mr. Arthur Browne appeared on behalf of the debtor. The causes of failure, as alleged by the bankrupt, were competition and bad trade.ln the Official Receiver's observations it was stated that the receiving order was made on bankrupt's own petition. There were two unsatisfied judgments and one action was pending at date of order. The bankrupt stated that he commenced business as a licensed victualler and farmer in 1887, with nearly £2OO capital; and he paid £4O for the_stoek fixtures and goodwill : and that there were four acres of land which he farmed attached to the public-house ; he had not filed the prescribed deficiency account, saying, in lieu that owing to his not having kept any books he could not file a proper deficiency account. Since the Ship Canal was completed the trade at his house bad fallen off; a neighbouring inn had been enlarged, so competition was now greater. His house bad not paid expenses for the last three years.— In reply to Mr. A. B. Potter, the asiistant official re- cemr,.the debtor said the immediate cause of his filing his petition was the pressing for payment by his credi- tors. He. had kept no books as he had newt: done suffi- cient business to need them. He used to sell ten barrels a month but he now only sold four a month.—Tne ex- amination was closed.

BANKRUPTCY OF A BUTCHER.—WiIIiam Worrall, 47 Wash-lane, Latchford, and 515 Knutsford-road, Latch- foid, also underwent his public examination. .The liabi- Mice were £203 12s. id., and the assets were estimated to produce £36 63. ld. Mr. Browne represented the debtor. Causes of failure, as alleged by bankrupt, were bad trade and loss of a colt which cost over £2O. Bank- rupt stated that he commenced business as a butcher, in January, 1894, with £l6 of his own, £l6 given to him by his wife, and £5O lent to him by his father-in-law ; and that he paid £5O for the goodwill and fixtures. He had not filed the prescribed deficieney account, saying, that he could not file a deficiency account, because he had not kept proper books. He lost £2O by the death of a colt. The rest of the deficiency represented loss on trad- ing, mainly through meat going le4d in the summer. He bad been prosecuted and fined for the following offences : —Cruelty to a cow in the sale yard, Warrington, fine £1 13s. ; cruelty to a elleep in the street at Warrington. fine £1 13s. ; cruelty to a horse in the treet at War- rington, fine £l. 135.; keeping a dog without a license, fine 7s. 6d.; having . a diseased cow on his pre- mises' tine £10; all in 1895. He had made a few bets, but his losses during the last two years did not amount to £l. He further stated he had not kept any cash book or creditors' ledger, and that his books did not disclose his fieancial position at any time. In reply to Mr. Potter the debtor said that he lost the colt in May 1895, or thereabouts, He lost most of his custemers when he was fined for a diseased cow, and he also lost money owing to the competition of another bureher. He could net explain the cause of se many prosecutions, ae he •4 did not knew that he was guilty." fle had never het more than a shilling or two in his life, and only went to Man- chester race meeting once a year. He had borrowed money at high rates of interest for the money lenders in the hone of retrieving himself.—The examination was then closed.

Lord Londonderrv, addressing his workmen at the Rainton Collieries, near Durham, on Saturday, said that the total loss on the working. of the mines for last year was over £15,000. To ca'rry on the collieries under present conditions would be a work of a ruinous charac- ter, and in deciding not t,) renew the lease he had not been actuated by caprice,but had seriously and carefully considered the consequences. About 500 men will there- fore shortly be thrown out of work.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FACTS

===== 0002601_18960321_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
K 1

1%1-ORRIS'S TOLU AND HONE

The only Our for Cobb, Coughs, Bronchitis, au.

MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The cnly Cure for NEURALGIA, TIO AND TOOTHACHE.

MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALEXA.NDRA-NOAD, MANCHESTER.

aud all Dealers.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
- UUJ

, .'•••• 7. `••• :)"=• .t's. •ktr7.4 •

===== 0002601_18960321_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEAF HEAR..

Deafness, Head Noises, and all other distressing ailments associated with loss of hearing. absolutely cured by using " AURALINE ESSENCE" after all eise has failed. !the most marvellous medical discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts like a charm. Hundreds of grateful testirnowals. Sufferers ! Why remain deaf when a cure awaits you? Post free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle. THE MACKEY RIMEDY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn. London.—Beware of injurl- us instruments and other appliances.

LADIES' BKST FRIEND Marriet or Single Ladies should send • •At once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free, sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor mations <I never-failing remedies for all TLLusTRATED irmiularities fuld Obstructions. obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual I GD E. reme,--,y that does not contain poisonous u. l , or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the mcst dened.te,

MADAME A.E. Lif4LC, coLtmm STREET, BRISTOL

ESTABLISHED 1851.

BIRKB ECK

BANK.

Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HA, F per CENT. INTEREST allowed OIL DEPOsITS, repayable on demand. TWO per uENT on CURRENT A'ZCCUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purehas,l and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encouragement of 'llinft the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted R.

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTII.

BIRKBECK Far:ERMA) LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACR, with full puliculars post tree.

FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

FOUND DEAD.

POISON FOR KILLING ILVIS. Thousands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ts dPad by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Semi stamps and try it. Soldly Chemists. Also, NICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killin Moles on land.

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES.

Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obs, mate or 1( ng-rtanoing, and never fail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parellel in medical science; have saved thousand trouble, illness and expense. Stamped. envelope for price Iist.—QUALIFIED CitEmisT. 201, Gteat Ancoats-st., Manchester.

---1 7.--:_ „.y 'I, :. -.' .....„.. ____ • . ~,,,, ? .- - , ',7/4,.,,:,,,:'„..., -,...: :',..'t : -.- .'•-•6-.?',4 st _ :' 4.-f,,,.1 ~: ~,- -•-- ~:,',,,.,i, :„....w- -:- „ „..,.„ •.•:,,z1,6 „.:,,•, $ it.. .44!' .-'. . '.. ...' ,4•,.•"re 4. ),•• • , 14.1.`,. ,341 F • ~',- kliip,. --,—\- •;-:.,',1 7..., " 'i:,,,,-,.. ....r,,,'„,4' ...,:,,,,., •,!,•••,-3,,, ,:;. /: q ~, \ \,.;-,,f.,,.,:', I ) , ..",:.?,}th. ~, ;,,, ,„,,,,•,,,,-,.(5,.,i ~. , # 4.,) •,„.., „. %,'',-i,r-tv,..-.-1--7-.--,---_-_':,.,:_%.-,;,tef05.,,...., -V— '' ~. ...-w-k,....4.,..,..,4:w,,_,:•,..:;,,,,,.,,..d . ;r,,...,... ) I. ',V :•,,IL.. _NT-elk FIFTY O yeduis CITH INC„ • 1,•••,,,kr4,y, , , ~. - •EVERISH HEAT. c'. I • -1. f t,. Cerwfsioes ete .i, ~., Preserve &Healthy nate eF the upint‘t,,n dinqn, the , , x , • .tret. C .1 cuttinci- 16-6114. 71 ...• • i' I '.l .• •,- ,I,Z. ~ AI4VOKUL SUrr)r. e M 1' Please Observe the EE s,',V, q N STEEDMAN h,,, . . cc- •.i. , F. ------ __,.•,,- --- - - ,---- -

, , •y---/

===== 0002601_18960321_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX-

2 O. '; A ILLS ‘.4

TOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

sycn As SICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18960321_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

Bnxes, mid 2s. 91. eneh, with full directions. The is. VA. Box es_ 'dos 56 PH,

PREPARED ONLY DT PROPRI ETOR-

THOMAS BEECONI, St. Itelens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES TILE BREATIL. , In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggiste, or from the Proprietors, for is,, post-Paid.

BREAKFAST-SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
E P P S'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
00C *

BOILING WATER OR MILK.

RULES FOR STARCHING.

A most valuable little Book for those who do their Starching at home. Post free for two stamps.

C. CHANCELLOR & CO., London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
• • ••, • • .• • • • . 1 • • 1 • • . . • F F. : ' , • • .

===== 0002601_18960321_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIEXIENDOUS REDUCTIONS.

G 0 LDSTONE AND SONS', 115, 1171 119, OXFORD-STRBET (right opposite All Saints' Church), HA NCHR STER.

THE LARGRST AND MOST COMPLETE SHOW OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE OUTSIDE LONDON. pECOND-HAND FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS, &c., BY ALL THE BEST MAKERS, AT 25 PER CENT. BELOW COST.

CONDITIONS OF SALE.—AII Goods packed and de- live-ed free any distance. Railway fair paid to country customers. Goods stored free of charge until required. All articles re-polished and exchanged if not approved of. The PUBLIC ARE INVITED TO CALL AND SEE THE WONDERFUL BARGAINS now being offered, the <vitality of the FURNIT LIRE being A 1, and now sold at Ridiculously Low Prices to make room for several large houses of Furniture now stored away, having no room to show them. Don't delay, but c4ll at once, and capture the bargains now awaiting you. When you come to visit us you have no ex- pense. We pay your Railway Fares, we Deliver the Goods Free, and you see what you cannot see in your own town that is £lO.OOO worth of good, substantial New and Second- hand Furniture to Select from. Come to Manchester by all means, and Save fully 50 per cent of your hard-earned money. GOOD SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IS BETTER THAN

===== 0002601_18960321_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW.

_ THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. £4 10s. Od., worth £l2 10s. Od., very massive DINING-ROOM SUITE, in leather, large Coach, pair f Easy Chars, and four smal:s, all made by omith. £4 15s. Od. Very massive Solid Mahogany SIDE- BOARD, with large bevelled glass back and shelves: original:y cost nearly £2O ; juit been re-polished. Fitted with drawers and cupboard, and all conveniences. £7 15s. Od., worth £2O. Very heavy DINING- ROOM SUITE, in claret coloured leather, solid' frames, and small chairs, padded backs, ust been re-upholstered and re-polished. Call and inspect. £7 17s. 6d.. cost when new £lB. Handsome SADDLE-BAG SUITE, solid frames, and beautifully uphols- tered Couch. pair of Ladie3' and Gents' Easy Chairs, and four small Chairs, all stuffed backs. Delivered free wiry distance. £l4 14s. 01, cost £3O. Grand Bargain in a Second-hand Solid Oak DINING-ROOM SUITE, by Radcliffe, consisting of the Couch, two Easy Chairs, and six Standard Padded Back Single Chairs, upholstered in green Morocco leAther, very little worn, in fact as good as new. £2 155.! Od. The massive DINING TABLE to ' -match above suite, beautifully-c trved legs, well got up. Cost when new £9. £5 15s. Od. Well worth £2O. The very unique secand-hand solid oak Sideboard, with lofty back, fitted with bevelled silvered plates, fitted with drawers, cupboards, cellerette, and all the modern conveniences. Worthy of attention. £5O Os. 01. Very massive DINING-ROOM SUITE In rc .1 Morocco, upholstered with hair in solid walnut frames, large C awh. two Gentlemen's Easy Chairs and six Standard Ch ;rs, with large stuffed backs, all castored ; 6Lt. American Walnut Sideboard to match, all silvered plates, bevelled drawers, cupboards, and shelves: very heavy Ott. Dining Table with extending screw and loose leaves, the Coal Vase to match. The lot honestly worth £l5O. Delivered and•packed ree of charge. £1 ss. 01 to £2O. Walnut, oak, mahogany and C, prus DINING TABLES. in all sizas and inskes, to suit everybody, in all sizes to suit every family, and at all prices to suit every pocket. Mind you, all Second-hand, at Second- hand Prices.

THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DRAWING- ROOM FURNITURE, £3 10s. 01, oritzinally cost 16 guineas. Elegant DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, in sodd waZnet, fitted, Com- plete with beautifully silvered bevelled plates. A noble article. £5 19s. 6d., worth £lO. Nice little DRAWING_ ROOM SUITE, in Freize Velvet. Second hand and very little used; good size Couch, pair of Easy Chairs, and four small Chairs, with padded backs, well upholstered. De- livered free. ..E8 15s, Od.. cost when new 25 guineas. Beautiful nished DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in solid walnut frames, upholsterel in rich brocade, velvet, old gold 'colour. all large 4 very 'ttle soiled, brass castored. A bargain. £lO 10. 4.. worth £3O. Very handorne Chip &mute DRS.. ING-ROOM SUITE, in expensive Genoa ver- int, nicely nerved frames and well finished. Consists of Settee, pair fir Easy Chairs, and four Occasional Chairs. cheap. ..E9 15s. Od. Second - hand CHIPPENDALE CABINET, 1 y Ogden. worth £25. Beautifully eirved in has relief, and s silvered plates bevelled; the underneath portion is fitten with glass-panelled doors and shelves, for the display of brie a-brac. Also the CENTRE TABLE, to match, by the same maker, for 2. ed.. worth £3. £1 is. Od. DRAWING-ROOM BRASS -SET com- plete, comprising heavy Curb, pair of Fire Dogs, and Set of Fire Brasses, all to match. Honestly worth V. 2s. Od. Fit any hearth. £3O Os. Od. Very fine rosewood inlaid DRAWING.' ROOM SUITE, upholstered in rich Genoa TOlve, with plush borders, all hair stuffed. Made by Oetzman. The suite com- prises very fine double-sided Settee, elegantly upholstered, pair of luxurious Easy Chairs, four small Madre with very fine carved backs, awl two small Occasional Chairs with padded backs. Been ht use tor this season only, and not a bit worse for wear. ..C23 10s. Od. Second - hand rosewood inlaid DRAWING-ROOM CABINRT. 4ft. Sin, Wide, with large fancy back glass cupboards each side. Will match the above suite. Octagon Centre Table to match for 305., cost 50s. The inlaid envelope Card Table, also to match for 4 guineas when new cost £lO. The rosewood inlaid Over ?dental from the same house, for £3 3s. Od.. cost Eeles. Od. This Is a very fine lot, and well worthy of attention. .£3 19s. 61 Complete set of FIRE BRASSES, to- gether with massive Curb, nicely chased, pair of Dogs, and Stop. Will fit any ordinary hearth. Well worth £lO. All are well lacquered on church brass. THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN BEDROOM FURNITURB. £2 103. Od. The Complete Second-hand Lot of FUP.NITURB, for Bedroom, consists of large size Dressing Table fitted with drawers; Swing Glass; Washstand, fitted bottom board and drawers; two Cane Chairs and Towel Rail ; the lot cheap at lb. £5 55.04. Very Handsome Solid Walnut Pair of DUCHESSE STANDS. heavv carved legs, fitted with bevelled-plate, and numerous jewel drawers and boxes to Dressing Table, and large marble slab to Washstand, just be.n re-polished, and are equal to new ; well worth £lO. £6 15s. Od., cost when new £2O. The handsomest Pair of TOILET TABLBS iniManchester. All Sad. Large bevelled silvered glass. all drawers and cupboards in both, real marble slab and tile back, and bevelled silvered glass in washstand ; ll castored and brass handled. 15s. Od. Solid Satin Walnut BEDROOM SUITE, comprising large Wardrobe, with silver plate in door ; pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, with towel rail and pot cupboard attached ; two Caine Chairs, tint been repotished and overhauled ; made by Herman, worth £25. £l3 13s. Od. The finest Second-hand SUITE at the price in Manchester. Large size Wardrobe, fitted with drawers and hanging compartment large bevelled plate in Coot : pair of well-construoted Toilet Tables,with swing glass to both dressing table and washstand, marble slab and tile back. both on castors Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard attached ; and three Cane Chairs. Well worth £2O, £l6 16s, Od. American walnut BEDROOM SUITS, by Doveston.comprising large War irobe, with bevel- led silvered plate in centre door. and large drawer below, Inside fitted for hangings. and beautifully lined in sateen ; pair of elegantly-constructed Toilet tables, both fitted with bevelled glass in backs, both fully eastored. Towel Rail and pedestal Cur board combined, and three Cane Chairs. A marvel of cheapness. Honestly worth £35. £2O Od. Very fine BEDROOM SUITE in American and Italian walnut; all selid and no worse for wear, The fdll complement of pieces. Well finished worth £l7 Os. 01, worth £45. Solid satin walnut BEDROOM SUITB. seine number of pieces as above Suite, but a bit odaller. Capital value. £9O O 10. 0. . entire CONTENTS of a beauti- fully FURNISHED RIIDROOM fit to adorn the house of Duke. The lot consist of a Bedroom Suite that baffle; description. made by Hill, of Glasgow. solid American walnut, with Italian walnut panels. large silvered bevel plate door of Wardrobe. the other doors fitted with transparent bevelled plates, with plush behind, fitted with drawers, clip- boards, and nicely lined in sateen to match. The pair of hanisome Toilet Tables with side mirror, large swing glass in centre both to dressing table and washstand, three upholstered Chairs. Towel Airer. and Bedside Pedestal. Very massive Parisian Bedstead in solid brass square pillars, upholstered in rich French tapestry and plush. The upholstered spring Mattress, hair Overlay. Bolster, and two large feather Pillows, large Catpet, and gilt Chimney Glass. The above was never bought under £250, and is fully worth that amount. Eis. 94. to £25. The FINEST SHOW OF BRASS AND IRON BRDS rRADS IN LANCA.SHIRE, CHESHIRE, YORKSHIRE and STAFFORDSHIRE. All sizes from 31t. to sft. 64., in French, Parisian, Italian walnut and satin 'walnut; any price to suit you. You would do well to call and inspect our Bedstead and Bedding Department. It will astonish you and give you some idea of what we are doing.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLDSTONE AND SONS' SECOND-I:TANI) FURNITURE

£l5 worth £5O. Complete House of SHCOND-HAND RITRNITURR, consisting of parlour, kitchen, and two bed- oome, everything complete. HOUSES COMPLETELY FURNISHED at a FEW HOURS' NOTICH. from £5 to £l,OOO. Corn petent men sent out all over the e,ountry to give estimates and fit up. No charge to the purchaser. Give us a call; we charge nothing for showing you over our vast establishment, and if you don't see anything that will tempt you, you will be more thou hard to please,

FARE PAID TO COUNTRY RAILWAY CUSTOM.

"TE OUR ONLY ADDRBBS : THE NOTED MUSE FURNISHERS, Gro i .DSTONE AND SONS', 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET, Immediately Opposite All:Paints' . Church.

MANCHESTER. Old Trafford, Brooks' Bar,iPalatine-road, and Oxford-- crea. Trains past he door,glFare Id4from biarketrstreet.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18960321_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter to the Obitor.

NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS AND CORRESPON-

DENTS. All letters to the Editor and contributions of news should be written on one side of the paper only.

LIBERALISM. OF 1896 Sir„—paving at the unanimous request of local ,Liberhal Associations contested six almost" forlorn hopes ' for te Liberal be permitted to seek with some de- gree "What t Pai sanrxntioYt'w'4 ijmh eaayL definiteibe rat Programme Until 1880 there could have been no shadow of doubt in this matter—Free Trale, Free Land, Free Cnurch, Free Franchise and Confidence in the Electorate adorned the banner under which we fought. A bold united party held unchagenged the favour of every section of trade and labour throughout the kingdom. Traders, shop- keepers, the salaried and wage-earning classes were loyally Liberal. It was a noble party of which this "nation of shopkeepers " might be justly proud. True to its traditions,the wrongs of Ireland as detailed by Mr. Butt, Q.C., were taken in hand. "Justice to Ireland" became as truly the watchward of the Literal Party as " Free Trade" or the "Abolition of Slavery " in former daye. Had Mr. Butt's moderate demand for " Local Control cf Local Affairs" been adhered to, all would have been well. But the virulence of Irish Land- lord Opposition combined with the ambitious patriotism of Ireland's representatives in Parliament devel- oped these obtainable demands into the readily misinterpreted cry of " In-land a nation." " Separation " became the taunt of the opponents of Ireland's regeneration, add the Liberal party, plunging heart and soul into the Parnellite interpretation of Irish Nationalism, became pledged to a policy which isolated from itself the whilom friends who mistrusted and feared the ultimate issue of the struggle. The defeat of 1886 drew the Libe, al party into still closer association with the destinies of the oppressed Sister Isle, and ulti- mately Ireland, in 1892,—clearly discerning her only true ally—ply ced the Liberal party in cffice,but with so I Blend r a majority, that it became within the power of every knot of " tailors of Tooley-street " to hold in their own hands the reins of party defeat. Much was done for Ireland's agriculture—so much that well might many , an English tenant farmer have wished himself across S. George's Channel. But the Liberal party has paid dearly for its devotion.

The Temperance Section fortified by the suer.cgs on every occasion of Sir Wilfrid Lawson's Local Veto Bill (and following the expansive system of Mr. Butt's Local Government into Mr. Yarnell's Home Rule) no longer demanded only Local Veto but coupled with it robbery from the Licensed Victualler of the Goodwill of his businesg(which he as a lawful tradesman had established) by placing No Compensation' and entire Sunday Clos- ing in the forefront of their battle. We who were Liberal Candidates last year—from the Leader of the House of Commons downwards—too well know with what dire result.

Has not the time arrived, Sir,when the Liberal Party should be able to shake off this grip of " Sectional Ter- rorism "and again become the true and unfettered ex- ponent of universal Freedom and Justice which charac- terised its programrne in 1880. The evils of a Policy of " Nasmyth-Hammering a Tin Tack" have been terribly exemplified. A return to the broader principles of Im- perial and Local Liberalism can alone save the Party from extinction.

The relief of the Imperial Parliament from the encum- brance of local affairs can certainly be secured more readily on the lines of Mr. Butt's Local GQvernment pro- paganda (applicable to every part of the United King- dom) than upon the drastic and somewhat hazardous formula of distinct nationalism. Temperance, too, on the lines of justice and moderation more surely than by spoliation—even if not obtaining at one stroke the full measure of its aspiration. The incorporation by the Liberal Party of Colonial Representation in the Imperial Parliament would alone amply compensate for a little delay in arriving at the consummatinn of each "Sectional Ideal." And assuredly not least readily should be accepted the probability uf such a re-union of the Liberal Party as will enable i to promptly emerge, strengthened and ennobled, from that bottomless pit into which it has apparently already made a deep and most perilous descent.--Your obedient ser- vant, JAMES PIAYSMAN

. (Liberal Candidate for Mile End). Finchley Road, Hampstead. London.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
IMAGINARY CONVERSATIONS.

" The jackal can gnaw in safety the tongue of the dead lion. and the field mouse can play its antics in his footsteps on the plains."—Lambert.

Sir,-.-I think you will allow that an imaginary con- versation is as much the privilege of one side as the other. If trifling scepticism can amuse itself in this garb to propagate its follies.reasonable belief may claim to set forth its truths in a similar dress. Plato, Seneca and Peers. Plato (loquitur) : "We have been summoned from our repose, Mr. Peers by a report of certain inquisitions said to have been held betweea ourselves and one Zaminer,' who had properly enough appealed to our utterances upon a subject affecting the highest interests of human kind. We observe though that that subject is not at all represen`ed in this report ; and that the topics which are introduced are so shallow in their treatment, that we must abjure the whole pro- ceedings as a complete fabrication in which we never took part, and which we can only regard as a deep dis- honour done to the reputation of our ancient names. We understand, sir, that you are much of a jester, that you are given to • poking fun,' and adopt Aristophaaic ' methods in serious inquiries. You are aware that the truths of our Socrates were so treated, and he himself done to death at the instance of mere buffoonery. You are here, we understand, to consult our judgment upon the merits of certain Biblia—stand up, sir, and deliver ' the volume you have in hand. Read, Seneca,l the first verse of its opening chapter. I "In the beginning God created the heaven and the Earth." Truely that is a great announcement Seneca: and relieves at once the deep unrest of many an earnest inquirer. The wretched mists which have gathered around the discussions of fools and sophists in every age—are dissipated for ever there." " Verily," replies Seneca, " Still one of their modern writers had, lately need to say ' Fools conceive there is no living God, because they cannot condense His formulas into their small smelling bottles.' " Plato ; " Inotice that the narrative procaeds upon lines admitted by a large class of modern Scientists particularly with reference to , the theory of the nebular hypothesis. Is that not so Mr. Peers?" "Perhaps it is." "Mark noble Plato," interjects Seneca," the introduction of light at the divine mandate." " Yes, it has attracted the admira- tion of the ages and is worthy the voice of a God." "But let me ask Mr. Peers, on whose authority do you speak when you affirm that the sun appears in this sub- lime chapter as created after the earth ?" "The docu ments my Lord Plato" "No, sir, the documents say - no such thing, and are not necessarily so understued Do not some of the ablest scientists understand and in- terpret, that the heavenly bodies, obscured for long ages by the earth's condition of shade, breathe through the obscurity by the concentration of light around the sun, and become by the divine appointment time measurers on the fourth great day or period ?" Peers; "I don't happen to agree with such." "That is you hold a different opinion from theirs ?" Just so." "But does that make right, and all others wrong ?" " Excellert Plato" quoth Seneca "I am reminded of the passage in your Phaede where Socrates is afraid that he had been so far from acting the part of a true philosopher and says " I have behaved myself like a disputant overborne with prejudice as all those ignorants do,who in dispute care not for the perception of the truth ,but mean only to draw their hearers over to their opinions." Plato : " Again, Mr. Peers, are you a lantaniet ?" "Oh yes." "Me there no authorities in that science who would maintain that under conditions of shade, moisture, and heat, a most prolific vegetation might have existed before the directer rays of the sun had pierced the earth's atmosphere ?" "I suppose there are." "Then what is your pretext worth that we have here plants before the creation of the sun,whose creation on that fourth day is not asserted, and upon the testi- mony of competent scholars,need not be so understood ?" Are you the infallible Peers—to whom all authorities must bow'? Equally worthless to us are your geological assumptions. First,as to the nature of the 'six days' or periods which I find also is a Imre question of inter- pretation as both ancient and modern authorities wit- ness. Secondly, upon the testimony of geologists of the highest rank,as Dana and Dawson, to the fact that' in all essential points the first chapter of Genesis and science are in accord.' This disposes, sir, of a number of your gibes as the great lawgiver of the Jews, who, though dead yet speaketb, and after more than 3,000 years are past, is a force in the world's estimation." " Yes," interposes Seneca,. "this jester would strike at the great and honoured dead, the leader of the most remarkable nation that ever rose and fell; but the jackal can gnaw in safety the tongue of the dead lion, and the field mouse can play its antics in his footsteps on the plain." Plato: "An apt quotation. Seneca,from a logical h.thlete ; but where hi Peers ? " "Re is gone, sir, and leaves no trace behind him." "We are spared then his triflings with the New Testament. This modern world Seneca is somewhat of a riddle; we ancients as y9u know lived long in the darkness of relieious night, and had to grope our way as well as we could unaided any certain guide after truth. The result of our highest efforts ended in a cry for divine light. Nineteen hundred rars ago the felt need appeared in the person of Incarnate Truth itself. On a careful examination of the records He came in accordance with a promise made, on some estimations, at least four thousand years previ- ously, and repeated from time to time all alcng the ages, until within a little of His appearing. His advent marked Him out as the very personage described so minutely in a multitude of predictions made many hundreds of years before. His life and teachings, His mighty works, and death and resurrection are recorded upon evidence which the most sifting criticism of the day has not been able to refute. To complete the marvel His mighty in- fluence, as predicted, is daily extending over the whole earth before the eyes of this generation—a miracle in

G A DBU itY'S COCOA. Is a gentle stitnula nt ; it does not Irritate the nerves, but is scothing, refreshing, and invigorating. It is absolutely pure.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 21, 1396.

operation. sow, how say you Seneca—is it not inex- plicable that men like this Peers should abound, ready to grasp at any trifling difficulty, even of the merest verbal nature,to discredit these sacred books,and can yet shut their eyes to the overwhelming evidence by which heir character as a divine revelation is so clearly manifested and sustained in all that relates to the highest concerns of men" ! "Plato, the teachings of divine book explain the riddle; there are depths and- springs ot action in human hearts, which lead to abso lute blindness of judgment, and because men love not the truth they are left to ilo under in the bogs *f their own error."—Yours truly, 6ch March, 1896.

ZA.MINER.

splendid clerk, and every member had the utmost confi- dence in him. The work had increased enormously.— Mr. Heywood supported the motion.—ln reply to Mr. Jones, the Chairman said the salary included all work done for the Council, but not for the parochial commit- tees,for which the townships interested paid.—Airlones, Mr. Baxter, Mr. Woodward, Mr. Baguley, and Mr. Roy- lance also spoke,and on being put to the meeting the reso- lution was carried unanimously.—Mr. Ashton, who had been absent during the discussion, together with Mr. George Ashton, was called into the room, and informed of the Council's decision. He thanked the members and said it was gratifying to him to know that he possessed their confidence in his work.

INCREASE OF THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S SALARY. Mr. Williams stated that the committee dealing with the Medical Officer's salary had decided to recommend that Dr. Adams' salary be increased from £l2O to £l5O per annum. Since Dr. Adams was appointed in 1883, the work had increased eight fold. His annual repo I t was now as a eixpenny magazine to a penny pamphlet, compared to what it was before Dr. Adams was appointed. Several townships had also been recently added. There were numerous townships in thia Union not accessible by train and the doctor incurred considerable expense in maintaining a hQrse and trap. He was obliged to have two horses owing to the heavy work.—Mr. Brandreth seconded the proposition which was unanimously car- ried.—The Chairman then moved the reappointment of Dr. Adams at a salary of £l5O per annum.—Mr. Williams seconded, and it was carried.—Dr. Adams thanked the Council, and said he would try to do his duty in the future as.in the past.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL

A meeting of this authority was held in the Boardroom at Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. J. Mclntrye, J.P., occupied the chair,and there were also present :—Admiral Jones- Parry, Messrs. T. Baxter, C.C., J. Brandreth, H. E. Heywood, S. Woodward, J. M. Williams, T. Wright, J. L. Jones. J. W. Baguley, E. Wallington, W. Brad- ford, C. Roylance, T. Pickering, J. Whitlow, E. Aaron, J. spruce J. Weir, 11. Holt, C. Mounfield, E. Bretherton, J. B. Chadwick, J. Darbyshire. T.Lewis, J. Knowles, J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk),Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), Messrs. Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), and Mr.Farrington (nuisance inspector).

THE ALLEGED NUISANCE AT FRODSHAII swiox. Mr. C. H. Mason, wrii:ing from the solicitors' offices of the London and North-Western Railway Company, Liverpool, with regard to the alleged nuisance at Frod- sham station, said he had enquired into the mat-er very carefully, and was satisfied that no effort had been spared to meet and remove, as far as possible. the com- plaint of the Council. by dealing with the traffic in ques- tion in a special manner, and at considerable extra trouble and expense to the Joint Railway Companys. He stated that special steps were taken to give early advice to the consignees of the arrival at Frodsham of the waggons containing the bones and shoddy so that they might take prompt delivery, but if they could not do so during the day of arrival, the waggons were taken on by the first convenient train to Helsby, where they remained all night or until such time as the consignees were prepared to take delivery, and then they were brought back to Frodsham, and delivery was at once effected. Strict orders had been issued to the officials not to keep the bones, &c., at Frodsham, when giving off an offensive smell, any longer than was absolutely necessary to deal with them, and these orders bad been carried out. Tne dates in December, when he under- stood the smell was very bad, the general practice was not carried out owing to circumstances which were unavoidable and which could be expltined. The joint companys desired to meet the views of the Council very possible way, and had approached the con—gnees with a view to delivery at Halton, but were unable to obtain their consent. It was considered that the companies being bound to carry the traffic, had dealt with it in a reasonable manner, and that they could not do more than they had done. They had no choice but to fulfil their obligations under the Traffic Act with as little inconven;ence to the public as might be.—Mr. T. Hadfield, of Liverpool,writ- ing on the same subject, said if something was not done to stop the landing of bones, etc., at Frodsham.thereby through the nuisance, ruining his and others' property adjacent to the Frodsham station,he should take prompt action in London to try and compel the Authority to act. —Mr. Wallington said so far as the residents of Sutton were concerned they would strongly object to the ro• moval of the trucks to Halton Station. The smell was awful.—Mr. Knowles said he underatood from the doctor that the smell was not injurious to health.—Mr. Aaron thought the authority had power to put pressure on the railway companies to make sidings to the places where the material was required.—The Clerk said the question was brought before the attention of the Council by Mr. Linaker and Mr. Hadfield.—On the tootion of Mr. Knowles, it was decided that the communication from Mr. Mason should be forwarded to them.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SUTTON WATER SUPPLY.

Mr. R thinson, clerk of the Sutton Parish Council, for- warded the following resolution :—" That the plans, estimates,and specifications of a scheme (as prepared by Messrs. Timmins and approved by the Runcorn District Council at their meeting en Mh.rch 3rd) for supplying the township of Sutton with water be sanctioned and adopted."—Mr. Williams in accordance with notice given, moved that the scheme of Messrs. Ebenezer Tim- mins and Sons be carried out.—Mr. Roylance seconded the propositiln.—An amendment was moved by Mr. E. Wallington that a 3-inch main pipe instead of the 4-inch as proposed in the plan, be laid. By doing so, it would save the township a good sum of money.—Mr. Aaron seconded.—On a vote being taken, the pronosition, as approved of by the Parish Council of Sutton, was passed.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
A MRMORIAL FROM FRODSHAM.

The Rev. H. B. Blogg, Frodsham Vicarage, submitted a memorial, remarking that the subject was of great im- portance and something should be done at once. The memorial ran :—" We the undersigned wish to call the attention of the Rural Sanitary Authority to a ventilator opposite Mr. Carpenter's house, Hillsboro', Overton, Frodsham, which we consider to be a public nuisance and a source of danger to the health of the inhabitants of Overton. Signei, Henry B. Blogg, Charles Reynolds, Bessie Gibson, and Julia L. Garratt."—Mr. Carpenter, writing on the same subject, said the present condition of things very seriously affected his property.—Mr. Hut- chins also wrote, stating that a grave nuisance existed by the escape of sewer gas from the grid. It had been stopped up through the danger, and during the last , week it had been re-opened and sewer gas rose with great force among a colony of houses. He was informed that typhoid fever had broken out. He was afraid to bring a family of young children into such a situation. He hoped that the Council would order its closing and the removal of the grid.—lt was resolved that the com- munications should be referred to the Joint Committee. —Mr. Heywood suggested that Dr. Adams should attend the meeting. There was perhaps a little conflict between the two parochial committees on the matter although they had not approached one another. The manhole was blocked up and the consequence was that the sewer gas became so strong that it blew out a ventilating shaft, When the power of the gas was so great there was not the slightest doubt it would be strong enough to find its way into the houses. He would like to have the doctor's opinion on the matter.—Dr. Adams said he would be very glad to attend the meeting. He had got a letter from Dr. Burton who had received several complaints respecting the escape af sewer gas at at the place mentioned.—The Chairman thought the I matter could be dealt with by a joint committee. The subject then dropped. -----

TUB PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The Clerk reported what was done at the enquiry at Manchester-on the previous Tuesday,with respect to the formation of a Port Sanitary Authority for the Ship Canal.—Mr. Brandreth stated that as compared with their rateable value,Runcorn Urban and Runcorn Rural districts would contribute much more than either Salford or Manchester te the estimated expenses of the Port Sanitary Authority.—Mr. Heywood was of the opinion that they shouid raise a protest, and not wait until they felt the hardship. They should do this at once. What they revired was ti ascertain in conjunction with the Runcorn Urban District Council the amount of shipping on the canal showing the ships and their tonnage enter- ing Manchestersand the Runcorn Council's districts,and prepare a comparative statement of the amount that would be required from each of the authorities, repre- sented on the assumed expenditure of £l.BOO a year,and lay it before the Local Government Board before they passed the order, otherwise it would be useless to get an alteration. Be proposed that that be done.-...Mr . Chad- wick seconded. and it was agreed to. TES EHLSBY WATHR SUPPLY.

Mr. Heywood submitted a report of the committee appointed to consider Helsby matters, which showed that the letter from Messrs. Potts, Potts and Gardner was dealt with. It was resolved that the Clerk in reply- ing to it should point out that Mr. Heywood, the chair- man of the committee, did not say anything about the quality of the water or where thesupply would be drawn from ; that the plea on the scale arranged between the Clerk and Mr. Taylor had not yet been furnished, and although a willingness to pay the £5 towards the col of an enquiry by a Local Government Board official had _

been expressed,'no undertaking to pay the amount had yet been given. That therefore the statement made by the Chairman of the committee was substantially correct. That the suggested scale of charges for the supply to cottages in prohibitory, and not such as the Local Gov- ernment Board were likely to approve of, and therefore it was right to describe the scheme as a half scheme. That the reason tbe matter had stood over so long was owing to the company not having complied with the terms imposed, and to the fact that the scale of charges although stipulated by a resolution of the committee was not received until Feb. 4th, 1896. What was required was a plan of the proposed scheme show- ing thereon the proposed pipe line on a scale so ar • ranged between the Clerk and Mr. Taylor, an undertak- ing to pay the £5 in the event of a Local Government Board inquiry being held, and such a scale of charges so far as the supply to cottages is concerned,as the District Council could ask the Local Government Board to sanc- tion, which scale should not exceed a payment of 2d.ner week for cottavea not exceeding a ratable value of £7,or 31 per week if the Local Government Board would sanction It. He moved the adoption of the report.—Mr. Williams seconded, and the report was adopted. THI4 CLHRICS: SALARY,

The Chairman stated that a month ago, a committee was appointed to consider the Clerk's salary. His salary had not been flxei since the amalgamation of the High- way Beard with the Sanitary Authority, and as they were now nearing the end of the year, it was for the Council to decide that day. The standing salary of the late clerk to the Highway Board was £7O per annum ; the clerk to the Sanitary Authority received an emolu- ment of £B5 per annum. During the late Mr. Linakees time they had to pay extra for legal work which Mr. Linaker did not undertake to perform. The committee went into the question, and found that the cost to the Sanitary Authority for law charges averaged £BO a year. This work was now done by Mr. Ashton without extra fees. The tetal amount paid including law charges was therefore £235 for the Highway Board and Sanitary Authority, but the work had enormously increased dur- ing the past few years. In 1888-9 there were 124 pages of minutes tr, write out; for the current year there were 427. In 1888-9 there were three special committees, present year 42 ; the number of special letters was then 74, for the present year 759. The number of special circulars sent out had increased from 523 in 1892 to 1375 for the present year. Me Clerk's time was fully occu- Oed,and the committee recommended the C.uncil to fix

the Clerk's salary at £2so.—Mr. Brandreth pointed nut that the Chairman had omitted to mention the extra townships of Grappenhall and Thelwall.—Mr. Wright seconded the proposition. Mr. Ashton, he said, was a

===== 0002601_18960321_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

SUCCESS OF A LOCAL MUSICAL STUDENr. At the Royal Academy of Music, London, the Llewelyn Thomas snd Evill prizes have been awarded, and the former has been gained by Miss Ethel Newcombe. RESIGNATION OF A WARRINGTON ORGANIST. Mr. J. J. Lythgoe, who has officiated as organist of St. Paul's Church for a considerable number of years, has resigned the appointment owing to hav- ing obtained a similar position at Waterloo, where he will reside.

NDEPENDENT ORDER OF GOOD_ TEMPLERS, TEli-

PERANCE MPSION LODGE, 1321, ACADEMY-ST. The regular weekly meeting of this lodge was held on Wednesday, when the meeting was made specially attractive by the celebration of the Chief Templar's (Brother Hall) 22nd anniversary of his membership in the Order. A plentiful supply of pies and coffee was pravided by Bro. Hall, who delivered an interesting speech, giving the reasons for his identification with Good Templary and some of his reminiscences during that period. A short speech testifying to 25 years in the movement by Bro. Patrick O'Brien was followed by songs by Sisters Nurse and O'Brien, and Bro. Hall, brought a very enjoyable evening to a close. WYCLIFFE P.S.A. TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION.

The usual weekly meeting of this Association was held in the Upper schoolroom on Monday even- ing the president, Rev. John Yonge, in the chair. After the opening address by the Chairman, who urged each individual member of the association to increased effort on behalf of the cause, temper- ance addresses were given by Mr. Patrick O'Brien, and Quarter-Master Sergeant Mantle. Pianoforte duets were given by Mr. Mason and Miss Bradbury and a sympathetic rendering of rennyson's poem, "In the Hospital" brought a very successful even- ing to a close.

CONFIRMATION AT THE PARISH CHURCH. Bishop Royston, of Liverpool, visited the Parish Church on Saturday afternoon, and conducted a confirmation service. The numbers of candidates who presented themselves from the various churches were as follows :—Parish Church: Females, 74; males' 55; St. Peter's: Females, 17; males, 22; Padgate Females, 20; males, 30: Grammar School, 12; making a total of 220. The clergy present were the Revs. Canon Willis (rector), A. A. Markham, 11. R. M. Hutt, G. B. Thurston, B. Percival, W. R. Hart- wright, J. A. Coon. and E. J. Willcuks. QUEEN'S THEATRE OF VARIETIES. A popular entertainment has been submitted at the above place of amusement during the week,and finds a gratifying amount of favour. The Brothers garrison still remain the " pets" in the humorist line, their clever singing and acting creating inces- sant laughter and applause. An attractive turn, too, is that of Professor Garford,who with a troupe of highly intelligent dogs goes through some excel- lent performances. Miss Kate King is perhaps the favourite female vocalist, her singing of both senti- mental and comic songs being generally pleasing. The remaining artistes are Little Tony, Miss Rose Cherina, Cyrus Walling, Norah Connor, and Joe Burgess, all of whom give good items.

let through DURING MARCII ONLY I am offering' my urge Stock of Bibles. Prayer B oks, and Prayer and Hymn Books at a special Discountof 2d. in the shilling.— JOHN S.GREEN, Bible Depots, 34, Bridge-st. and 23, Buttermarket-st.— Advt. WARRINGTON CONSIZRVATIVB CLUB V. RUNCORN

SOCIAL CLUB BILLIARD MATCH.

On Tuesday evening the return match between the above clubs were played at the Conservative Club, Sankey-st., when a large number of persons were present, much interest being manifested in. the various games. Eventually the home team gained a somewhat easy victory. At the conclu- sion of the contest the players sat down to supper. The following are the scores : wARRINGTON. RUNCORN. Dr Pelcock B Parry W Podmore lO9 J J W Potter J. Unsworth. T Horrabin, sen l5O W S Callender lO3 11 Bell Charles Oldfield C G McDowell F:Aukland GF F White l5O Lieut. Brundrit - - 1378 1089

===== 0002601_18960321_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE

COMPANY, LIMI i ED.

The forty-seventh annual meeting of this Com- pany, which is the largest British Assurance Com- pany, was held on March 5, and the report published shows that the vast business is extending more and more each year, a fact upon which they are to be congratulated. It is a tribute to the system upon which the Company is worked that the accounts are amongst the first to be published in the new year. A few figures will be sufficient to show the enormous business done during twelve months, and we therefore give a few extracts from the report. IQ the ordinary branch which is only a recent creation, the number of policies issued during the year was 61,450, which assured the sum of £6,285,280. The premium revenne was £2,304,013, by an increase of £226,057, on the previous year, equal to the total premiums of some of the most progressive offices. In the industrial branch, the premiums received in 1893 amounted to £4,352,625, and altheugh the increase was not equal to that of 1894, the progressive character of the business continued to be maintained, being £108.401 ahead of the precedicg year, The result of last year's operations was a surplus of £2,702,085 increasing the Company's assets to the tremendous total of £23,915,890. It is thus very clear that the Prudential continues Co prosper, and that under its splendid management it will continue to pro:- per. One satisfactory feature in the industrial branch is that if a policy holder fails to keep up his policy be does not thereby make a loss, because a free policy is granted in lieu thereof. The number of policies so dealt with in 1895 was 59,352, and the number in force at the close of the year was 448,816. The industrial public may, therefore, have full confidence in the Pru- dential, and they never need hesitate to take out a policy. One item in the report states that the Company are making an attempt to deal with the old age pension question. One great difficulty of old age pensions is that the stability of the institution which provides them must be beyond all doubt, and that can certainly be said of the Prudential, which has funds amounting to nearly £24,000,000 sterling. A scheme has been worked out in September, and the number of policies of tiiis kind was by the close of the year, 169,791,producing an annual premium income of £62,974. The scheme has been so arranged that on the maturity of the endowment the assured may either take a lump som of money or take out an annuity. The policies are all on easy terms, and a most profitable investment can thus be made by the public. It has sometimes been alleged against In- dustrial Assurance Companies that the profits are made from the lapses, but this cannot be said of Prudential. Every effort is made to keep the policies in force,and the success act ieved in this direction is evident from the fact that the average age of the industrial policies, not- withstanding the large new business of recent years is nearly 71 years, a fact which speaks for itself. It is very evident from the facts and figures given above, that a more substantial and successful establishment does not exist than the Prudential Assurance Company, and it is one of the safest to invest in.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE MEETING AT WINWICK.

On Monday evening the annual meeting of the Con- servatives in the Winwick district was held in the Parish Churzh Schoolroom. There was a good attend- ance,and Mr. R. Stone,J.P., presided,being supported by the Rev. Canon Penrhyn,and Messrs. J. W. D. .13arron,of the National Union of Conservative Associations, Lon- don; W. Holland Owen, Rainhill ; R. Owen, Croft; E. C. Cooper, hon. secretary and treasurer ; and W. H. Maudsley, registration agent.--rhe election of officers was proceeded with. Mr. Stone was unanimously re- appointed chairman, and Mr. R. Owen .vice-chairman ; Mr. Cooper was re-elected sezretary and treasurer, and Messrs. Joseph Swinton and Samuel Thomason were again chosen as delegates to the Council.

Beer saloons in Paris are becoming so well patronised that many of the cafes are closing. The Sweetmeat Automatic Supply Co. ,having d seontinued to use CALBURY'S CHOCOLATES in their automatic machines those who still wish to procure CADBURY'S CHOCOLATES WI be able to do so from most of the refreshment rooms at thl ilw ay stations, and from confectioners.—dfda.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE. -THE ESTIMATES.

Mr. Brandreth moved the adoption of the report of the Finance Committee, recommending the payment of ac- mints amounting to £990 53. The balance in hand was £2,851 103. 10(1. 'The half yearly report and estimate showed that the probable expenditure during the ensu- ing half-year ending Michaelmas, 1896, was :—General expenses, public health, £757 ; highway expenses, £1,892 ; and balance and contingency fund £2,061, total £4,710. After deducting the probable balance, the amount required was £2.714. The estimate for high- way expenses was based upon the surveyor's estimates for the year,according to which the probable expenditure for highway purposes would be 6d. in the £ on the rate- able value of the district. It was considered that if a call of Id. in the £ was made this half year for sar-itary expenses,and 21(1. for highway purposes, it would be sufficient for the half-year ending Michaelmas, and a further call might be made afterwards of 311. in the £ for highway purposes. The rateable value of the dis- trict as per valuation listd in force was £181,619, a de- ' crease of £122 compared with the previous year. A rate of 41. in the £ would produce £2,649, and it was re- commended that a call for the sum of £2,714 be made upon the overseers,a decrease of id. in the £ on the cor- responding period last year.—Mr. Heywood seconded the adoption of the report of the committee which was approved of.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
TH2 HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. Adams read his monthly report in Which he stated that a case of puerperal fever had occurred at Stretton, and cases of scarlet fever at Seven Oaks, Frodsham, Kingsley and Daresbury.

NUISANCE INSPECTOR'S REPORT. Mr. Farrington applied for the rescinding of a resolu tion passed respecting proceedings being taken against Mr. Charles Mounfield,of Manchester-road, Warrington, for occupying houses at Stockton Heath. in contraven- tion of the Public Health (Water) Act. This was recom- mended by the Appleton Parochial Committee on the condition that• Mr. Mounfield paid the costs already in- curred. This was acceeded to.—Mr. Farrington then applied for a certificate of occupation for seven hams at Stockton Heath for Mr. John Pemberton. The Council shortly afterwards rose, after having sat for nearly three hours.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST BAZAAR,

EA RLESTOWN.

At the openine ceremony on Friday, there were present the Revs. T. R. Matthews, E. R. Davies, F. E. Miller and J. Allatt, Dr. Patterson, Mr. E. Dickens and others. Mr. Thomas Ormand presided, and after the reading of a passage of scripture by the Rev. E. R. Davies,and prayer by the Rev. F. E. Miller, the Chairman said he had one important apology to tender to them that afternoon and that was on behalf of the weather. They regretted it very much in the first place because it had kept many persons away who would have been glad to come and help them and increase the audience to welcome Mr. Borron who had come to assist them. He noticed several persons there who were present the previous day and he hoped they would pardon him if he traversed the ground referred to by Mr. Davies. They would readily understand why they were putting forth every effort to relieve themselves e the debt, and he was certain Mr. Borron would appeal not only to their hearts but to their pockets. He we, sure that they would tender to him a most hearty welcome. (Applause.)—Mr. C. B. F. Borron said bazaars seemed to him to be something like some of the community of the neighbourhood, they were always with them. He believed there was a superabundance of energy on the part of the ladies in furthering this good work. It struck him this must be a phase of the new woman, but be that as it may, he was sure the object they had assembled that day for was one which he trusted would have the assistance not only of the ladies of the district.but of the whole community. (Applause.) The object of the bazaar, as stated, was for the liquida- tion of a debt which had been a burden upon the Com- mittee, and which they were using every effort to relieve themselves of, and in that effort they had been supported in by a large contributor. He therefore appealed to all th,re to place the committee in as position a so to secure the furtherance of the end in view. They could, gener- ally speaking, work in unison for an object which was for the welfare of every party. He then formerly declared the bazaar open. The Rev. E. R. Davies moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Borron. He was more pleased to move that vote be- cause Mr. Borron happened to belong to another church than their own. He did not even belong to the Metho- dist connection, in its widest form. This was as it should be, they should live together in unity,and Earles- town was learning to do that,as well as any other town. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. E. Davies seconded, and the vote was heartily accorded. The sale was then proceeded with and carried on until late in the evening. Owing to the inclement weather, the attendance was not so large as it otherwise would have been, the takings for the day amounting to a little over £4O. The opening ceremony was performed on Saturday by Mr. P.Thompson, M.B. and Mr. E. J. George presiding. There was a fair attendance during the afternoon,which was largely augmented in the evening. On Friday even- ing the Earlestown Orchestral Society gave an instru- mental concert in the lecture hall, and later on two con- certs were given, the first arranged by Mrs. Latimer, A.R.C.0., and the second by Mr. E. Leyland. On Satur- day afternoon there was a children's concert, the pro- gramme being arranged by Mrs. Rawlings and Mr. A. Barton. In the evening a concert arranged by Mr. W. arton was given, and later on two exhibitions of the living waxworks, each of which was exceptionally well attended. As the bazaar drew to a close the stalls wore an vi teehrmy t appearance, this being especially noticeable empty ygrocery stall which was practically cleared out. Everybody body worked hard to ensure suceess, and the re- suit will show that their efforts put forth have not been futile. The bulk of the work of course fell upon the hon. sec., Mr. T. Ormand, and the hon. assis. sec., Mr. W. Barton. Mr. F. R. Bagnall officiated as treasurer, and the Rev. E. R. Davies was president af the Commit- tee which was a large one, including many members of the congregation. Close on midnight on Saturday, when the sale was over, cheers were given for the workers, and for all who had contributed to the success of the bazaar, by their presence and help. The total for the three &pm including a donation of £5 from Mr. Emmett, and £5 from Mr. P. Thompson, amounts to upwards Df zno.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES DISTRICT TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.

WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD AND THEIR SCHOOLS. A meeting of the above-mentioLed Association which is the local branch of the National Unpn of Teachers, was held in the Conservative Club, Widnes, on Satur- day evening. There was an exceptionally: large atten- dance of Whines and Runcorn teachers, including the president (Mr. Moulton), vice-president (Mr. Snoddy), and secretary (Mr. B. Crosby). The Secretary reported the result ot the :correspondenee he had had with the Widnes School Board with refer- ence to the hire of a classroom at the West Bank Schools for teachers' meetings. The Clerk of the Board had written to say that the School Management Committee weuld grant the use of a small room for the teachers at 83. 61. per night, and a large room for 17s. This was looked upon as excessive, and at the last mert- ing, the secretary was instructed to write Mr. F. Niel, chairman of the School Manage- ment Committee, asking him to receive a de- putation from the association. That gentleman had replied, declining to accede to the request. A pro- longed conversation took place with reference to the pro- posed charges which were looked upon as prohibitive, and it was ultimately decided that the secretary should write to Mr. H. Wade Deacon, the chairman of the Board, explaining to him the fact that nine-tenths of the work of the teachers' union was purely educational and benevolent, and asking that the Board would further consider the claim of the teachers to the hire of the room at the lower educational rate, according to the Board's scale of charges. The voting for the vice-presidency and executive of the National Union of Teachers was then proceeded with. When the papers were collected it was found that of the 47 members of the association who were entitled to vote, 37 had exercised their franchise, this being higher than on any previous occasion. The result of the election will be announced at the forthcoming conference of teachers to be held at Brighton during Easter week. The represen- tatives of the local association to this conference are Mr. Cookson (Weston Point), Mr Crosby and Mr. Moulton (Runcorn), and Mr. Snoddy (Widnes). Two new mem- bers were nominated and accepted by the Association.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPHIC ACCOUNT OF A VISIT TO ONE

===== 0002601_18960321_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
OF MANCHESTER'S PALACES OF INDUSTRY.

INTERESTING DETAILS.

THB Great City of Manchester is undoubtedly the

largest centre of commerce in the world. It is. next to Lon- don, the most important city in the British empire; its commercial enterprise is famous throughout civilisation, and has even penetrated to the daraest recesses of barbaric humanity. Manchester is the centre of a population within 12 miles of her Town Hall as great as London, the whole of which is engatted in the cause of labour. Day by day the powerful and mighty engines of steam power are, under the dual control of the mech nic and operative, busily eagaged in contributing to the successful trading ot this marvellously active and industrious community. lit my visit to this won- derful city I chanced to discover amongst the many gigantic and colossal hives of industry a well-known famous furnish: lug establishment,

`` THE PANTHEON."

Suffice it to say that "The Pantheon" is indisputably the very largest Furnishing Establishment in the North of Eng- land exclusively engaged in Furnishing It is not a Drapery Establishment, but is a solid, compact, massive warehouse containing over a million square feet of Showrooms packed from the basement to the root by the Finest Stock of Furni- ture open for inspection outside the city of London. The des- tinies of this great establishment, I find, are presided over ty Mr. W. H. Worsley, the sole and absolute proprietor, to whose untiring energy and unflagging enterprise "The Pantheon "owes its high position. To visit " The Pantheon" I took the tram from the Lorner of Mmidey-street,Piccadilly, going Alexandra Park way. In a very tew minutes, after paasing St Peter's Church and the mammoth Central Sta- tion, I was informed by the guard of my arrival at' The Pantheon." My visit being in the evening, I was amazed at the brilliant display of electricity, the whole of the vast building having just been splendidly lightcd by the Manches- ter Electric Company. und r the able supervision of Mr. Crews, electrical consulting engineer, of Cross-street, I was enabled to see evetythingas favourably as in daylight. " The Pantheon " has immense show windows fronting Gay- thorn over 100 feet long, forming a gig'ntic display. Noting the invitation displayed on the windows, " Inspection Invited," without diffidence I immediately embraced the op- portunity by walking inside ; announced my desire to see " The Pantheon," though not wishing to purchase. I was met in the most cordial manner by one of the numerous salesmen, who very courteousiv offered to conduct me. I was at once struck with

===== 0002601_18960321_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
oVERWHELMING SURPRISE,

the extraordinary immensity of the stock being sufficient guarantee of variety. On the ground floor I found a well arranged stock of Bedroom Furniture of the better class, suites innumerable at from £3O to £l5O. Magnificent speci- mens in richly-figured poltird oak, American walnut and burr, satinwood, exquisitely inlaid rosewood,Chippendale and Sheraton. These stood out prominently. Struck with the grandeur of one large ollard oak Bedroom Suite, I ventured to ask the price, expecting it to be quite £C) to £5O, and was surprised to find the price wily £l2O ; another Suite, by Goodall, which must have cost nearly £2O), pece only £65. The cheaper bedroom suites I was informed were displayed in another showroom reserved for the purpose. A summary of the stock on view is briefly 200 bedroom suites complete, over 1,000 bedsteads. 15) drawing-room suies. 150 cabinets, 175 dining-room suites, and over 150 sideboards, besides the thou- sands of bargains in all the sundries which are essential to household furnishing. My curiosity was next aroused in a visit to the Carpet Showroom, which has been newly refitted. Here I revelled in exquisite artistic colourings

===== 0002601_18960321_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
IySSOLVINO TRH SOUL

in a sense of loveliness. Carpets in all their gorgeous colours, Axminster, Persian. Brussels. Wilton, and Tapestry, at incomparably low prices. Axminster 21 Ed per yard, Brussels is 11d, Tapestry from 90. Over 500 Setond-hand Carpets form a special plum for those requiring a bargain ; large Second-hand Axminster and Bru•sells Carpets from 15s 6d to £3 10d, according to size and quality. Adjoining the Carpet Showroom is the Linoleum and Oilcloth Depart- ment, fitted with rollers for the proper display of the pat- terns. Linoleums from Ed to 2s 6d, Oilcloths from Ed to is 11d. Inlaid Linoleums at 3s 11d. I was now conducted upstairs to the Dining-room Furdture Showroom. I was immediately impressed by the enormous display of Massive Solid Dining-room Furniture, the bulk of which is magnifi- cently carved in has r. lief, reminding one of the artistic merit displayed in

===== 0002601_18960321_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ATHENIAN TEMPLES.

Magnificent productions by splendid old makers, such as Gillows, Garnett, Lamb Henry Ogden and Suns, Ste., at positively less prices than the common new London furniture now so largely retailed by drapers, Sae. For instance. I noted a magnificent 7ft 6in Sideboard, by Doveston, Bird, and Hull, whisks could not have cost less than £lOO, price £l6 guineas. What po-3ible chance has new Londo.a furniture in competition with bargains such as here displayed? Next a splendid solid oak Sideboard, with brilliant crystal minion, for £l2 lOs ; original cost £75. You can positively obtain Sideboards, second hand,condition equal to new, from 30s to £lO. worth three or four times the amount; and, better still, you can depend upon the stability. A common new side- board is practically worthless ; eracks may develop suffi- ciently wide as to almost diolese the contents to your visitors. I should strcagly recommend the purchase of a good high-class sideboard, second hand, in preference to new. It doesn't matter what price you wish to give,you can obtain a splendid bargain at Worsley's in Sideboards from 30s up to £10), all equaLy cheap and durable. The same rule applies to Diningroom suites, OvermantPls, and Dining Tables. The bargains in this department are simply wonderful. A fine, handson e Diningroom Suite, in morocco, with couch, two easy chairs, and six single chairs, second hand, but in good order coat £55 for £9 lOs ; this is a sample of what may be obtained. Of course there is ample variety in price, suites from £2 10s to £65. A complete Suite in solid oak may be ha.' for comparatively a trifling sum. My attention was called to a Solid Oak Dining-room Suite, consisting of couch, two easy chairs, and six single chairs, in morocco; a magni- ficent Sideboard, Overmantel, and Dining Table, the lot for £25, well worth £75, and cost £lOO. This seems almost in- credible, but a visit wilt amply demonstrate the verification. I now hear a brilliant display of rapid evolutionary chords on a pianoforte, and am thereby attracted to the New Pianoforte Saloon recently erected adjoinin4 the Dining-room Show- room, I find that the proprietor is not only a remarkable energetic business man, but thit he is endowed with no mean ability as a pianist, the performance of a Chopin Polonaise amply demonstrating this upon a magnificent Brard Piano- forte. The Pianoforte Saloon ,contains all the best known Instruments by the highest class makers at a price from 20 to 30 percent, less than music sellers' list prices. For instance, Kirkman's span brand new Upright Grand Cottage Pianos, with all the latest improvements, are offered at 24 guineas, a price hitherto unknown. A very fine T!aehord new piano- forte, specially made for Worsley's, is retailed at 13i guineas, also something new as to price. There are a hundred instru- ments on view, but the gems of the bargains are the Second- hand Pianofortes. Here you can get pianos from 50s. tol£so, simply incredible value. Go and fee for yourself ; it will cost you nothing,but may profit you much. American Organs equally cheap. The Music Saloon contains a number of

===== 0002601_18960321_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARMING PICTURES

By well-known artists, at astonishing low prices. There are on this floor varieties of sundries, articles of virtu,ornamental and valuable property of all kinds. but space forbids all I could write of what I saw. The next showroom is the Draw- ing-room. and it is almost impossible to do justice to the very beautiful and exquisite display of really High-class New and Second-hand Drawing-room Furniture. You can pur- chase a suite for £?. 10s. and you can buy one as high as £l5O. There are 163 suites on view, for variety and beauty un- rivalled. There is only space to illustrate a sample bargain, viz. A magnificent Secoad-hand Drawing-room Suite, cabinet, overmantel, two tables, cird table, and coal cabinet, the whole in Chippendale mahogany of Louis XIV. style, richly carved ; the suite has been newly re-upholstered in rich brocaded silk of delicate artistic colourings ; everything is equal to new. Pri e for the lot 211 guineas -, worth quite £7O. Very pretty suites may be purchased at £7 to £lO. , The next department is the Bedstead Showroom, where you are at once dazzled by the

MOUNTAINS OF GOLD.

The brilliant collection of solid Brass Bedsteads, having tha appearance of a mountain of gold. Hundreds of exquisitely finished brass bedsteads at incredible low prices are ca show from 32s 6d up to £25. Two thousand bedsteads from 5s 6il may be inspected, besides many wonderful birgains in Second-hand Bedste ids For instance, a magnificent mas- sive solid brass bedstead, which cost £25 when new, is shown Far £4 ICs. I must now pass on to describe the enormous Bedroom Suite Showroom, which is the largest in Manchester, and contains 150 bedroom suites from 35s to £65. The suites are shown in corridors, with plenty of tvidth and space al- lowed for Inspection. The great feature at "Tile Pantheon" Is that there is plenty of room, and a brilliant light enabling you to see what you are purchasing perfectly. In this depart- ment you have splendid opportunities for securing a bargain. I noticed one, a fine handsome majestic 6 feet Bedroom Suite, In richly figured wood, all slid; wardrobe 6 feet, dressing table 5 feet, washstand 4 feet 6 inches, three chairs, towel rail, and pedestal, in condition quite equal to new. This suite is fitted with every convenience, and cost from £7O to £2O. The price is only 25i guineas, the fact being that Worsley's must buy a tremendous quantity of goods awfully cheap, and simply ask a small profi, on it, no matter how little the cost. ' I love seen bargains worth three an 1 four times the money I asked for them. The best plan to adopt to prove this is to take the trouble to pay a visit to " Th, Pantheon" and see for yourself, As I sad before you are not asked to buy; you can walk in and walk out with perfect freedom, experiencing only

===== 0002601_18960321_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
COURTESY AND POLITENESS.

To give a full account of the vat stores of" The Pantheon" would occupy the whole of this paper. I may. however, just mention one fact, and that is you cannot ask Worsley's for any article of furn;ture without being quickly shown what vcu require Yoa are never met with the response, "Very sorry. bnt we are just out of what you require, bat we can r.c*, it for you." Worsleys keep a tremendous reserve stock. 'ion can obtain Lnythitig you require in the furnishing line with difficvtlty. The Kitchen and Sitting-room furnishing departments are cram full of baraains ; for Instance, second hand mahogany hair-seated Sofas or Couches from 15s, mahogany carved back Dressers from £3 ICs, mahogany Dining Tables trom 15s. Kitchen Dressers from 133, and so on. The show rooms for Hall Furniture, Library, and Office Furniture are equally cheap and good. A magnificient second-hand Hat and Umbrella Stand and pair of Hall Chairs, which cost £3O, may be purchased for £6 10s, a smaller set 3or £2 15s

===== 0002601_18960321_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
p CONCLUSION,

I can only say that the greatest marvel of all is that Mr. Woreley has instituted a new Gradual Payment System, which he inaugurated. Worsley's offer you all the advan- vantages ef their low prices. Any of the targains I have described may be purchased at the prices advertised, and they will allow you to pay off by Gradual Payments, making no difference whatever in the invoke price. I cannot conclude my letter without recommending everyone to visit Worsley's before purchasing ; all his competitors try to imitate his style of business, but my experience teaches me that Worsley reigns supreine—Worsley is there, the rest are nowhere. Worsley's are open every day from 9 to 7. and " The Pantheon," being almost next door to the Central Station, Manchester, is very easy to find. The Alexandra Park, Junci,ion. and Bradshaw-street trams all going City- road way pass the door.

_ Warrinc,,ton.—Printed and Published by JOHN WA .1 JEER The Examiner General Printing Works, Rewsey-stree,, at dPa blishel also at The Examiner Offie ViCtOria-rOslt, D NES ; High-street. RUNCORN; 32, George-street, Font Wet eng : and 33, ildarket:street,; EARLEsTowN,—IdAIt 1896.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES COUNTY COURT.

BETTING ON A RUNCORN FOOTBALL me:rca.

On Friday, at the Widnes C- unty Court, before hitt Honour Judge Shand, Charles H. Watson sued Joseph' Bell for £4. The plaintiff was not legally represented, but Mr. J. 0. Swift, of St. Helens, appeared for the de- fendant.—The plaintiff stated that he entered into a betting transaction with the defendant, which resulted hi his winning £4. The bet, was that defendant laid L 4 to £2 that Runcorn would beat Oldham in their match at Runcorn on January 4.—The Judge said he was afraid the plaintiff had put himself out of court, as a bet could not be recovered by law.—The plaintiff said a friend of his stood in, he (plaintiff) laying 15s. to £l, and be had to pay this £1 155. He, however, could not obtain the money due to him.—His Honour: You have been what in ordinary terms is called "welched ? "—Plain- tiff :—No, I have too much respect for the defendant tO say that.—By Mr. Swift: The transaction took place some days before the match was played, and he laid the money with his friend before the Saturday. Plaintiff' answered the questions in a loud tone of voice, which called forth from the Judge the remark, "Keep quiet, we are not in the ring now."—Further cross-examined, the plaintiff admitted that the defendant sent word d" daring the bet off. Plaintiff declined to say where bet was made. He would write the name of the house on a bit of paper.—Mr. Swift did not press for the naMeir but plaintiff admitted that it was made in a publichouSe. Plaintiff said he considered the money due to him ag commission.—Henry Barber of the Widnes Football CIO' was called by the plaintiff, and said he was present when Ithe bet was made. He considered it a perfectly fair 130'1 as Runcorn had not been defeated on their own grounQ' lup to then.—Mr. Swift said he submitted that by lair the plaintiff was not entitled to recover, and the quo" tion of the friend did not enter into the case. The da: fendant did not remember the circumstances of the bel and when he found a paper in his pocket he at °meetly word to. the pia ntiff declaring the bet " off."---A% Honour, in giving judgment said the question of age:n did not enter into that case! It was a bet made heti" the two parties, and he must noosuit the plaintiff.

===== 0002601_18960321_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
NOBB5.

TRERE WILL SCHOLARS e G SCHOOLS, RUN at which a prese ',:„lrPlusnrt. Will intendi watli the Secretary MR. GE/

73./3.—All old Scholar

it OVERTON AERSEY

_Will RE-OPEN on WISTRIL MONDAY ( ?rodstam Publia Brass aree pavilion each day rafreshmenta will be pro Mrs.

MONDAY EVE A. R. G By Y.M.O A. ORG

v,3ll,_ekett from Mr. R. lotge-street. 114PTIST C ILA

ANNI QIL GOOF

Tea at km:Tickets ( ..vPUBLIO 3dEBTING 1., 5. HUGE s4g and recitations.

Chairto be taken at 6

WARR BItINTir

,w This BANK is OP 'Bb/lESDAYS until

_,BUras of ON B Sn ilted to £5O in one nrehaser of Governm( ZA,734tticitraoennpsdEaectpmcliaosunldssciatrnitiacsti;li, to their credit itll°Wing that the Gove bilulb, more than the t eMeitor • and all Be olleir Pats' , Books the °linter) oertifying the

===== 0002601_18960321_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN RICF WIL

LONDON AN WEST

EAS 04 (100 D FRIDA a.m. and 11-10 ilelaby, and Cheater, al at 1240 noon, 1-o,* and jor return on day of las

( For Particulars of 11118.

Shrewsbury. ....__ March. 1896.

TIER URBAN DIE I]

===== 0002601_18960321_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
GASHOLDER

"One Gasholder 40 f 'RUlcle columns and wr( %12(1 balance weights o tb and out letpipes. be seem at work at mincashire. _ _

FurtiTer-Particulars 'Gas Works. to Mr. Jos Clerk's Office, lowu

===== 0002601_18960321_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
IVOTICE IS HER] RAL QUART' 'COUNTY OF CHES OUSE,'ENUTSFCI OrPADLY, the 7th da' '6'clock in the Foren _The bearing of all In of Bucklow. Id hutsford Distrii lee -pitted from sucl lolls. The GranC it:'net must be it .plltsford, at the op ii,4l day of April Ilex ..,..t111& Court will b U e .:'.'I4IOyRSZLY the 9tl '4l the Forenoon. T ittithin the Hundred! 401 d 'Wirral, forming cif all prisoners corm dredB will.take place Grand and Petty Jul in attendance at the the Court, on THUM. Eleven O'clock in the

Clerk of the P Chester, 18th Mar

SPRING A

MANCHESI ,The CommiEsions morthern and Salford at RandleStec, on Sat he Regulations for v°l3tibliBhed in due ti

===== 0002601_18960321_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPO

The Commissions ft at Liverpool, on Wed' u_The Regulations for "" Published in due tl

Civil Business and.] 41411e5.

Ali Depositions in ( ~,ilulances and Inquislt —•e. at Preston. other, HE °face of Clerk of AI

A NNOOA ST IF IC lER IS HI 'DARTER SESSIOI • Lancaster will be 'ER, on MONDAY, o'Clock in the Foren following places anc • At the COURT El( bu&Y, the Bth day o 'orenoon. „ At the ASSIZE Cl &Y, the 13th day I 'of! Forenoon.

At the COUNTY 1 °„111 TUESDAY, the ' °! TUESDAY, in the Foren I,T e Solicitoro eng esions arc request 44, d Instructions fa .ttile Clerk of the 'mare the said Bess

_clerk of the Peso

tCLARK]

CUINKRAT, STAT wD& 800 NRWSPAPERE

Rood Assortment (

•••••.•=......,........

er.----EDDES'f.

The best and el Bold by all G

Wl2oNage by J. 1 .............

===== 0002601_18960321_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
BU IL D El

FEAR astimates given deseri, lious.s Jobb'? Rent and

RICIIARI x

I'ILINER BEEF, id Always on ALL OILDI slid

===== 0002601_18960321_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
OVERTON HILLS, FRODSHAM. MERSEY VIEW PLEASURE GROUNDS 411 RE-OPEN on GOf4D FRIDAY (April 3rd) and on V TER MONDAY (Bank Holiday, April 6th). The iLdshaln Public Brass Band will play for dancing in the Il Tavilicn each day irom 1 to 10 p.m. Tea and other --leghtnents will be provided as usual. Admission 6d. each. Mrs. PARKER HOOSE, Proprietress.

CA.uto-s REET CEI A P EL, WARRINGTON'. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) BV NING, MARCH 22ND, •, The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND, BA., will preach on 84 Thomas More aud his Utopia ; a dream of Christian Socialism." Service at 6 30. All seats free.

W ALTON LEA GARDENS WILL BE OPEN TO THE PULLIC ON SUNDAY AND MONDAY, MARCH 29TH AND 30TH, FROM TWO TO FIVE, TO SEE THE CAMELLIAS.

CHESHIRE LINES. LIVERPOOL SPRING RACES. On THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY, MARCH, !th. 27th. and 28, 1396. Fast trains will leave Warrington Lentral) for Aintree as under :- 44URSDAY and SATURDAY at 11.15 a.m., and 1.14 p.m. b_ FRIDAY, at 11.10 a.m. 12.10 noon, and 1.14 p.m. "wilurn Fares 4s. Ist Class ; 25., 'Third Class. For return times , and full particulars see bills Central Stati n. DAVID ME'LDRUM, MANAGER, LiN -erpool, March 1896. ITNC.ORN MUSICAL SOCIETY. THURSDAY NEXT, MARCH 2615. GRAND LENTEN PERFORMANCE OF . IN THE PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN. ARTISTES : MISS ADA. PATTISON, MISS ALICE BERTENSHAW, MR. THURGAU& SIMPSON, MR. BA.NTOCK PIERPOINT. Augmented Orchestra and Chorus of 130 Performers. CONDUCTOR: Mr. F. H. CROSSLEY. ADMISSION: Centre Chairs (reserved and numbered), 35.; Iteserved Seats (numbered), 2s. ; Unreserved Seats, is. ; Back Gallery, 6d. BT4 PAUL'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. THE LENTEN ORATORIO SERVICE will be held On SUNDAY, March 22nd. 1896, IA 6.30 p.m., when A. It. Gaul's PASSION MUSIC "will ue rendered by the Choir, assisted by Mr. G. GREEN, tenor, and Mr. J. H. HUDSON, baritone, of the Liverpool Cathedral Choir. Organist, Mr. Martin Schneider, Conductor, Mr. J. J. Lythgoe. Collection in aid of the Organ Fund.

WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANS, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. (Established 1818). This BANK is OPEN DAILY from 11 to 1 o'clock. WEDNESDAYS until 4 o'clock, and SATURDAY NIGHTS 6 to 8 o'clock. , Sums of ONE SHILLING and UPWARDS received, 'butted to £5O in one year. £2O received in one year for tautchaser of Government Stock. No charge for Pass Books. All transactions strictly private. Sums not exceeding £lO raid on demand, and any amount on seven days' notice. The DEPOSITORS in this Bank now number 11,126, and have to their credit £307,236 3s. 9d. The Official Receipt. showing that the Government holds on account of this Bank Winch more than the above amount, can be seen by any Depositor; and all Depositors are invited to examine, with their Pass Books, the Book of Extracted Balances (on the Counter) certifying the amounts due to them. JOHN RICHARD PICKSIERE, Chairman. WILLIAM LONG, Vice-Chairman. PRUDENT lAL AS-ATRANCE COMPANY, LIMITED. CHIEF OFFICE: HOLBORN BARS, LONDON. SUMMARY of the REPORT presented at the FORTY- SEVENTH ANNUAL MIMI ING held on sth March, 1896. ORDINARY BRANCH.—The number of Policies issued during the year was 61,450, assuring the sum of £6,285,260, 'ind producing a New Annual Premium Income of t 342.478. •jtie Premiums received during the year were £2,304,013, an increase of £226.057 over the year 1894. Nhe Claims of the year am ,unted to £572,289. The number h." Deaths was 4,479, and 218 Endowment Assurances `ilitured. The number of Policies in force at the end of the year was 1„_4.137. ,kkeiDUSTRIAL BRANCH —The Premiums received during year were £4,352,625. being an increase of £108.401. che Claims of the year amounted to £4797,688. The num- ber of Deaths was 196,507, and 1,418 Endowment Assurances .Latured. , The number of Free Policies granted during the year to ' those policyholders of five years' standing, wha desired to ' discontinue their payments, was 59,352, Ih number in force being 448,816. The number of Free Policies which became Claims during the year was 8.956. The total number of Policies in force at the end of the year Visa 11,682,748: their average duration is nearly seven and three-quarter years. The Directors have made more than one attempt to deal 'With the difficult que tion of old age pensions for the Indus- trial classes, and they are happy to inform the Shareholders that the special tables combining assurance with a provision Of old age, which they issued in September last, have met With considerable success At the end of the year the num- ber of Policirs In force under these tables as the result of three months' working was 169,731, producing an Annual Premium Income of £62.974. The Assets of the Company, in both branches, as shown in ti11...3 Balance Sheet, are £3,915,890, being an increase of 4,702,085 over those of 1894. GENERAL BALANCE SHEET OF THE PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED, ON THE 31ST DECEMBER, 1895. 2 a. d. Shareholders' Capital BOO,OOO 0 0 Ordinary Branch Funds Industrial Branch Fund Claims under Life Policies admitted.....,..., 97,704 8 1 £23,915,890 3 11 ASSETS. s. d. British Government Securities (£2,300.000 Consols) Railway and other Debentures and Deben- ture Stocks 2,071.153 0 3 Loans, County Council, Municipal and other Rates Preehold Ground Rents and Scotch Feu Duties 2,544,631 2 2 Mortgages Metropolitan Consolidated Stock, and City _of London Bonds 369,720 13 6 Bank of England Stock 174,020 10 0 Freehold and Leasehold Property .............. Indian and Colonial Government Securities 2,009,375 19 8 Foreign Government Securities.. Reversions 245.415 11 1 Railway and oth-r Shares 2,908,188 0 6 Loans on the Company's Policies Rent Charges Outstanding Premiums 425,125 2 3 Cash in hands of Superintendents and Agents' Balances Outstanding Interest and Rents 205,579 18 10 Cash—On deposit, on current accounts, and in hand £23,915,890 3 11 EDGAR HORNE, Chairman. HbNRY HARDEN, } THOMAS WHARRIE, Directors. . THOS. C. DEWEY, WILLIAM HUGHES, Managers. W. I. LANCASTER, Secretary. We have examined the Cash transactions. Reaelpts, and Payments, electing the aPcounts of the Assets and Invest- Inente for the year e ded December 31st, 1895, and we find the same in good order and properly vouched. We have also examined the Deeds and Securities, Certificates, Ac., repre- senting the Assets and investments set out in the above account, and we certify that they were in possession and safe Custody as on December 31st. 1895. DELOITTE, DEVER, GRIFFITHS, & CO. 19th Feuary, 1896. ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABEIRIIED 1849. C ITAL £1,000,000. COMPENSATION PAID £3.600,000, 64, CORNH ILL LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENT, Warrington... .... Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIG BY, Central Station _et. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street 411„ utsford Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER mandhaoh ..Mr. R. FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS.--10s. par month on Crane and Sons' easy n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Li ver iool.

f___OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned farm hi e.—Par superior to badly-constructed. low- priced new ones, Great sale-- Grands and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to ny part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool. PURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est howe in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broxdwood. Collard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and ol,her makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225. Scotland-road. Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by aide. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—OßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

4usic-50 000 COPIES AT id. EACH. Lists 9 post free. from CRANE and SONS. Great Music Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

RUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & E, sarosvenor-street , Lon- don-road. Manchester.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL.—A. W. PAUL, Outfitter, has removed to the Central Premises, 3 SANKEY-STREET, two doors from Market Gate.

ATISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.,11.' Professor of .111_ Singing and Voice Prwiuction, pure Italian method. Schools attendPd and Amateurs coached for Concerts.— Terms, &c., apply Mr. PEARSON'S, Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington.

ONmr. NII.S Si, a rEr Li ill. Hall l N Concerts, P ila andi William Salisbury Baritone) late 1-Irreford Cathedral and Festival Choirs are open to ENGAGEMENTS.Miscellaneoug and B dlad Con- certs, Organ Recitals, &c. Concert Parties can also be en- gaged.—For terms address ARTHUR PICKTON, Sunnyside, Frogball-lane, Warrington.

MANDOLINE, GUITAR. BANJO, VIOLIN, and PIANFORTE LESSONS given by an experienced LADY PROFESSOR. For Terms and full particulars apply to MISS MILNE, NORTH VIEW, OVERTON, FRODSHANI. Warrington, Runcorn, Widnes. Earlestown, and district visited.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. &c. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 631 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

I II —WHITE SHIRTS RE-FITTED, with IS. four fold linen Fronts, Cuffs, and Neck Band, at the STAR HOSIRHY, and c•HIRT MANUFACTURES, 78, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIV RPOOL. Country parcels promptly attended to.

rirRAVELLERS' SAMPLE BAGS and CASES, in stock or Blade to Order, at ,NORMAN'S Trunk Menu factory, Roseoe-arcade, top of Bold-street, Liverpool. Repairs.

. ROSENBERG AND CO.'S SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF OIL PAINTINGS AND WATER-COLOURS AT REDUCTIONS OF 60 ROI CENT. AND UP W For particulars see Sale Catalogue, post free on application. A GENUINE CLEARANCE SALE. Note address :- 46, 48, AND 50, LIME-STREET, ART GALLERY, 69, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE PERFECT BRUSH COMPANY, LIMITED. 106, WHITECHAPkiL, LIVERPOOL. WHOLESALE, RETAIL, AND EXPORT BRUSHMAKERS.

BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO THE QUEEN AND COURT. t • • "",-;4471. THE ORIGINAL ALMOND. SIMNELS, An Old Lancashire Custom. Particulars of these Delicious Cakes sent with Prices by the Maker, HOMAS WOOD, CONFECTIONER BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO VIE QUEEN AND COURT. ROYAL ALMOND SIMNELS. WOOD'S. ALMOND SIMNELS. WOOD'S. BURY SIMNELS. WOOD'S. Carefully packed in hampers and forwarded to all parts of tke Kingdom. THOMAS WOOD, BRIDE CAKE MANUFACTURER, 85 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In great variety. SPECIAL GRAND SUOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW'S, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

LATE RISING. The only sure remedy. Our Wonderful ELECTRIC SET Will awaken the most Sleepy Servant. COMPLETE 68. 6d. INSPECTION INVITED. ADDRESSES : ELECTRIC D FPOT, EXCHANGE STATION, And 24, MANCHESTER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephones,tDynamos, Batteries, &c.

SQCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED RETAIL AGENTS PO K 't SE WALTHAM WAICH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained universal fame for these Watches as THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makes, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitati.Q. Price unrivalled. bilver Cases, Chronometer Balance RI 10 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FISH CHEAPER THAN EVER! GAME AND POULTRY FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE NOW OPEN EVERY DAY With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9D. each. CHICKENS, from is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 7D, per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FIsII SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. ORDERS DELIVERED IN TOWN AND DISTRICT. NOTE THE ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRLNGTON.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of (+ A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, eke., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHNW-STRE NT, LIVERPOOL.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gotd and Silver, Diamonds, Shemel anpiEleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, Sm. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.H4rris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.—HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS per oz. I IMMOVABLE I from MADE UP, f 2s. I SC ALPETTES, J 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL. - O THE NEWLY MARRIED and Parties Furnishing.— .1 Sales by Auction every Monday and Tuesday at GRICE'S AUCTION ROOMS, 55, W r ITECHAPEL,LIVER- POOL at Two o'clock, of an excellent assorment of FURNI- TURE and other Household Effects, removed from private residences and other sources. On view each morning of sale at the Rooms. Established 55 years.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 165. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Vi ATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39 AND 41, DALE STREET, 121 LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED FURS, FURS. 1882. SEALSKIN JACKETS RE-DYED 6s. 6d., best workman- ship guaranteed. Also all kinds of Furs altered to the present fashion; Sealskin Jackets re-modelled for £2 25., including high sleeves, storm oollar, ac. Furs cleaned and skins dressed at half the price charged elsewhere. Skins mounted Into Rugs. Country orders punctually attended to. Call or write to A. BERKWITH, PRACTICAL FURRIER, 45, GREAT GEORGE-STREET (near top of BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL. and 5, Si. JAMBS' PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Work done for the trade at special prices.

rIPHE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered oy the Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It is maf.,ical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr_ ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two battles of NINE OILS immediately, It is a wonderful remedy.—Every Bicyclist, Footballer, A thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by d, WOODEND, Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles is lid and 2s 9d. free by poet Is 4d and Is, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. Youxo, Chemist, Warrington.

CIGARS. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to deal direct with MANUFACTURERS and to call upon or write to WILSON HIGGIN AND COMPANY, CIGAR MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS. 38, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL, Teleerams :—" Senoritas." Liverpool. Branch Office, 84. PORTLAND-ST.. MANCHESTER.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES Awn SON. WARRINGTON

EALE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS --- s FFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. --- EADE'S pus. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, S.W.. January 27,1892. EADE'S PILLS. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise FADE'S plus. for introducing , such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills. Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pain so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hears but am able to get to- work in less Rthan a week. My complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts, Gcalled Chalk Gout. Yours OUT truiy, " W. LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & REIEUMATIC PILLS Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOBWELL-ROAD, LONDON. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. lid., and 2s. 9d.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION. is EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities, wuich, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- EADE'S A NTIB ILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, Is. 10. and 28. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE EA.DE, 72, GOSWHLL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

Offfrial gotitto. CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. TEtE Cheshire County Council offers for Competition 1 24 Scholarships to enable Pupils from Elemen- tary Schools to proceed to secondary Schools ; and 12 Scholarships tenable at the Agricultural School, Holmes Chapel. Application forms and particulars are now ready. RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary. Crewe.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE STOCK TON HEATH WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.— My term of office as one of your representatives on the Parish Council having expired, I hereby solicit the renewal of your patronage. In again offering my services I need scarcely remind the Ratepsyers that if I am elected it will be my endeavour to serve them in a thoroughly conscientious manner and to watch their interests in the Council in the future as in the past. I will support those schemes which will he to the advantage of the Parish, at the same time having in view at all times the desirability of keeping the rates as low as pos- sible consistent with the requirements of this fast growing Parish. I therefore respectfully appeal to the Ratepayers for their support on the day of the Poll. am, Ladies and Gentlemen, Your obedient Servant. WILLIAM COPPOCK. March 18th, 1896.

DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTION. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE VIADUCT WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— Having been requested to stand once more as a Candidate for the Viaduct ward at the coming election, I williogly accede to the gequest, and, if elected, will give my very earnest attention to the interests of the district, as I have eudeavoured to do during my past term of office. I had hoped that the improvements I promised to advo- cate in my last address, would have been begun, if not com- pleted, by this time. By whose fault these improvements have been neglected, I leave the public to judge. In order to serve the interests of the district I have done my work with- out fear or favour, and ir this course of action is branded "obstruction "I am perfectly willing to be known and to proclaim myself an" obstructionist." If elected, I shall not in the future—as I have not in the past—be deterred by either appfobrious epitkets or votes of censure from doing what I consider my duty to the rate_ payers, whose interests I have, against many odds, tried con- scientiously to serve during the past year. I therefore place my services in your hands, and confi- dently await your decision on the day of election. I am, ladies and gentlemen, , Your obedient servant, I'd-McMATION. Market-street, Earlestown, March 16th, 1896. •

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENE- RAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be held at the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFCRD, in and for the said County, on TUESDAY, the 7th day of April next. at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hun- dreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on TUESDAY, the 7th day of April next, at half•past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be adjourned to the Castle of CHESTER. on THURSDAY the 9th day of April next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Edelisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from thb last-mentioned Hun- dreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the epening of the Court, on THURSDAY, the 9th day of April next, at tleven o'clock in the forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester, Cheater, 16th March, 1895.

LT ANCASHIRE EASTER QUARTER SESSIONS.— NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS OF THE PEACE for the County of Lancaster will be hoiden at the CASTLE of LANCAS- TER, on MONDAY, the 6th day of April Next, at Ten o'clock in the Forenoon; and by adjournment at the following places and times, viz. At the COURT HOUSE, in PRESTON, on WEDNES- DAY, the Bth day of April Next, at Ten o'clock in the Forenoon. At the ASSIZE COURTS, in MANCHESTER, on MON- DAY, the 13th day of April Next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. At the COUNTY SESSIONS HOUSE, in LIVERPOOL, on TUESDAY, the 21st day of April Next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The Solicitors engaged in Prosecutions at the said Sessions are requested to take notice that all Depositions and Instructions for Indictments are required to be sent to the Clerk of toe Peace's Office seven days, at least, before the said Sessions respectively. F. C. HUL TON, Clerk of the Peace. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston, 14th March, 1896.

CANA.DA.—FREE GRANTS of 160 ACRES OF LAND in MANITOBA and the NORTH WEST. Enormous Crops in 1895. Reports of British Farmers and other new illustrated pamphlets containing information respecting the NORTR-WRBT TERRITORIM and the Provinces Of MANITOBA, ONTARIO. QUEBEC. NOVA. !SCOTIA. NEw BRUNSWICK, PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND, BRITON COLUMBIA, where land can be obtained either free or on adieantageous terms. Exceptional opportunities for farmers. Great demand for agricultaral labourers and domestic servants. Full particulars on all points supplied gratis and post free by Mr. JOHN DYKE. CANADIAN GOVRRNMRNT AGENT, 15, WATER STRBBT, LIVERPOOL.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. •.of, if LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY NiEDNEBDAY. *MAJESTIC Wed.. Mar. 25. 1 GERMANIC Wed.. April 1. Cotton not carried on Passenuer &canters. Second Cabin Will be carried on me voyage marred thus*, steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, .or Baltimore. Apply to WILY, Imam and 00., 34. Leadenhall-street, London. 8.0.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., !SIP !AW' "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- V DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND. sia(buld take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WA BRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENT AD EL AID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW 11 YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and 'LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA. every WED- NESDAY.

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S FOUR GREAT REMEDIES FOR LAMBING & CALVI DISORDERS,

DAY. SON. & HEWITT'S GASEOUS FLUID, For prostrated uuws and Ewes, Paining, Scour, De- bility, Hoven, Colic, &c.—Price 20s. per doz.

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S CHEMICAL EXTRACT, For anointing atter Parturition, straining, and pre- venting Gangrene. For Wounds, Swollen Udders, and Sore Teats,—Price 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d., and Ts. per bottle,

DAY. SON, & HEWITT'S RED DRENCH. For cleansing Cows and Ewes, Fevers. Chill, Red Water. Hide-bound, An, ; prevents Milk Fever and Dropping.— Price (Cows) 135.; (Ewes). 3s. 6d. per doz.

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S GASBODYNE, Deacirris excessive pain instantly, and quiets the nervous system.—Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.

UNPARALLELED SUCCESS OF DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S LAMBING & CALVING CHESTS, Complete, Carriage paid„ 30s.' and £3 3s. Write far pamphlet and full details : ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY, 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W, (ESTABLISHED 1833.)

RUSHES ! BRUSH IS! ! BRUSHES ! ! GEORGE FERN, WHOLESALE BRUSH M ANUFAC- TUBER, MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, CHURCH-STREET. WARRINGTON. At present and for three successive years contractor to the St. Helens Corporation and to Local Boards az. Price lists on application. Established 1878.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED; NEW SEASON'S iEA aUsT ARRIVED FROM is., Is. 2d., is. 4d., is. 6d., is. Bd., AND 28. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. • THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

T. CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, BARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. good Assortment of new and Second-hand Books Always In Stook

PERRIS'S, PARK VIEW, STATIONERY REPOSITORY AND CIGAR STORES, 137, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. Every description of Pie Dish Collars, Sonpflet Caps, Frills for Hams and Cutlets, Cake doyleys, &c., &c., for Table Decorations, kept in stock. BRANCH CIGAR STORES, 19.5. SANKEY-STRERT.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5. Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. 20s. .. .. £3 Bs. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. ~ £6 15s. Od. ALEX. 6ORDON, Manager.

, FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE I DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrangTEETH All consultations free. I EETH. Each patient finformued beforehand the cost EETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extractkiltro as s chitoxhiecleto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of_ the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MEEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANSBY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIBGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-8T

LADIES' AND I GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from, Waterproof goods of every Description. C• JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO.. LIMITED.

ESTABLISHED 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OP LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE EIMA.LLWARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET - STREET, . WARRINGTON. Wringing Machines a Specialty.

J. Moss, FAMILY BUTCHER, 59, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEF, MUTTON, VEAL AN PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All orders promptly attendedlto and delivered when required.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON IMB FIRMS CO.. LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE: Arpiey Station, Warrington. Telephone 19. } Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

T INCOLN & NATIONAL.—My grand selections as. each, .I_4 two 3e. ; my three-horse daily wires are going great guns, 10s. weekly.—WALTEßs, hmsoote, Meadow-road, button, near Epsom. x

INCOLN HANDICAP and GRAND NATIONAL.—My .1.1 Selections are now ready. Genuine information from training quarters. Send at once P.O. 2s.—l. BYWATER, 921, Manchester Road. Bradford, orkshire.

T INJOLN HA DICAP.—My grant special runs in this race; been saved speclally.l know the horse has got 141 b. in hand:; think impossible to lose; honestly worth as many pounds as I charge shillings: this to follow Ivor, Marco, Rush. Send Postal Order for 2e. 6d while the horse is at a good Price, to HERBERT MAY, 45, Market-street, Church, Lancashire.

LINCOLN HANDICAP, GRANO NATIONAL, and the LIVERPOOL SPRING CUP. These Horses are certainties. I am confident. The Great T. A. MILLER. Owner, of/Lambourne and New- market says he is in a position to state that the Horses he knows about for these Races are EXTRA GOOD. Many people think they have the Winner up their sleeve but they are mistaken. The fittbles have many pounds in hand Remember I stood last year Euclid and Wild Man from Borneo. The horses I know of are pinches. TEEMS for the double 2s. 6d. Weekly Wires 10s. 6d. When sending, name paper you send from. Address T. A. MILLER. (OWNBR) POST OFFICE. LINCOLN. Established 40 years. Send in haste for early wires nest week.

rp 1 HOMAS F RAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 28, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR, COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, &c., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

H. EZARD, BUILDBR AND CONTRACTOR FRARNHBAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants' own plans.. Jobbing pu ,ctudlly attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

HARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 122, BRIDGE STREET. 1221 BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STREET. END OP SEASON SALE. ENO OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is n. 13ona-fide CLEARANCE SALE of about 50 Firs Class I3a3sinetts, now offered under cost price to clear. COME EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122, BRIDGB-STREFIT, WARRINGTON.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A "Little Cough. Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USE 0 HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA LuNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CHEST T UNG AND THROAT I-4 RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSESS ES T3IZ POWER LUNG to SOOTIIE, RELIEVE and RESTORER HEAL, which exists in no other preparation. LUNG Fon COUGHS RESTORER on COLDS. Never Fails. It NEVER FAILi to GIVE LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. I_ZESTORER THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING PRE' LUN G LUDE To THE Cu. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP LUNG Calm and Refreshing. RESTORER DOES NOT • CONTAIN LAUDANUM, OPIUM, or Never Falls MORPHIA. LuNG Fon. wilocriNG RESTORER COUGH, LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHAR3I- RESTORER Children like it. Never Fails ONE 1•31 D. BOTTLS. HALL'S Lu"R,ESTORER PROVES ITS VALUE. Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF FAILS FAILS. --- EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARER: -- Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—" DEAN SLR, —I am pleased _ testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your LUNG RESTORER, which I have given to several children its my Home—in two cases part. lularly its effects were marvel.. ions having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be pasal to recommend it to all my friends. CAUTION. - When you ask, ask for a Bottle of HALL'S LUNG RESTORER, dont be persuaded to accept anythin9 else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine Bottle appears,, (the figure of HOPE) and Signature Beware of ni y Trade fraudulent Markimitttio• nd innovations. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in Bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 91 Should there be any ditticult9 ig obtaining, it will be sent cartiage paid, on receipt of for the amount, from T EPOS. HALL, 24, Queen Vl:t3c4 treet, London

IN THE SPRING TAKE HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA It is the only true blood purifier prominently before the public to-day. No fact in existencs rests upon a firmer foundation than this. The sales of Hood's Sarsaparilla are rapidly increasing. This is because the people have found HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA. to be an honest medicine. They have become con- vinced by setual experience as well as by unimpeach- able testimony that Hood's Sarsaparilla cures when all other remedies fail. OOD'S SARSAPARILLA. possesses qualities which give to the blood the power to carry health to every ortfan, tissue and fibre in the human body. It exoels all impurities. yivili =s and multiplies the rrd globules which also indicate the quality of the blood, and make it a life-giving fluid. "LOD'S SARSAPARILL4 creates an anpetite, restores the wasted energies, over- comes exhaustion, languor and that tired feeling, cures nervousness, dyspepsia and all other diseases of the blood, and renews the whole man. HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA " I wish to state with the greatest pleasure that I derived great benefit from Hood's Sarsaparilla. At out two months ago I became very ill, suffering from ex- treme weakness, and as I found out afterward = from slow fever and blood p=isoning, brought, on by the smell of a bad drain. I was induced by a neighbour to try HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA. and after taking two bottles, I found that I had again regained my strength and appetite, and am now in per- fect health." GEORGE ROBERT CLARKE, Grove Lane, Old Catton, Norwich. Sold by chemists; 2s. 9d., and 4s, 6d. Sent by post on receipt of price in stamps or postal order, by C. I. Hood 4% Co.. 34, Snow Hill, London, B.C.

THROAT I ettTT,, . lON AD CouGH.—Sorenese vid Dryness tiokling and irritation, irviucing cough and affecting the voice. For es, yr-nrtc-a use Epps's Glyc-rine Jujubes. Lu contact wlt, tt'e wands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- •ecticns oecomet ictively healing. Sold only in boxes, Thd., tin. Is. Id., labelled 'jamas EPP4 & Co.. Ltd., Homceo- mithic Chemists. London." Dr. Moore, in his work on "Nose and Throat Diseases," says: "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted ser,le, na a curative or palliative agent." while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear infirmary, writes : "After an extended trial, I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease."—Advt.

GEORGE JACKSON. 1 PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, arm 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

_ I ADIES very pretty Solid Gold Payments taken. I.J NECKLET. Just out this week, neat pattern. well worth 358., out price is only 175. D.

FORFEITED this week a very good Singer's SEWING MACHINE, cost when new 7 Payments taken. guineas; a grand opportunity for anyone desirous of a sound and cheap machine, will guarantee it to be in good condition; genuine bargain £2 2s. for

CALL and inspect new patterns of OILCLOTH for 1896, all the one Payments taken. price, for 71d. a yard.

PLENDID WALNUT OVER- MANILE, nearly new, Canopy Payments taken. Top, Brackets for ornaments, eta. Size 46 by 42 ; best British Plate Glass with Bevelled edges, cheapest 355. glass in town, for

AVERY good Axminster Parlour Payments taken. RUG ; splendid pattern; 8 11D. reduced from 10s. 6,1. to

TUST fnrfeited this week Lady's U Handsome Gold GHNINA WATCH, warranted 18ct. gold 04505. Payments taken. including dome, jewelled in 4 pairs, extra timed and adjusted and is a perfect little watch, well worth 23 15s. double, out price is only

-1-UST out, Handsome Walnut tl COAL VASE, strongly made Payments taken. and ornamental with solid emlborsed brass work. This is a really reliable article for r 1 S. 6D

MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great importance to Ladies. Stamped address for parti- culars. Mrs, E. WILSON, Elder Grove, Sheffield. x

FRBB.—Married Ladies; information and advice of price less value. Sent stamped enve.ope.—lars. LAWRENCE, 4, Bradley-street, Sheftlt.ld. Name paper please. lc

(Zll/11GE JACKETS, 4s. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 63.6 d.; kJ Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, his. 6d.—HAouE AND Co., Limited, 65, Byrom-street. Liverpool.

FOR SALE, 5 HOUSES,Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LoNGLAND, Solicitor, Union-st... Warrington. • WRINKLES ! WRINKLES I WRINKLMSI How to V V Cure and Prevent them. Absolutely certain remedy. Send is. 3d. to J. STEwAnT, North Dock, Swansea. tiNGRAVING on Gold, hilver, ivory, ac., name or initials IA 6d.. with address Is. Brass plates tor all purposes.— COWER, 50, hir Thomas-st., Whitechapel, Liverpool. CLE:ANDS PATENT PIPES, (Briar) Smoke quite dry and clean, no gurgling, no nicotine, post free, Ir. al, Is. 9d, 28.—J. CLELAND, Drumaness, Ballynahluch, Co., Down. x -ILIAhTEttN A6TROLOGY.—Marrisge, Business, Prospects, and Partner described, with position, correct, birth- time, sex ;13 stamps.- Prot. BLAILEXORE, bwinton, itother- ham.

6fi PIECES Velvet, Satin, Silk, 3 inches square, ls. 3id.; V 100 Crazy pieces, Is. ; 10 Liitlaretit mewl articles Lett troth Bazar, 4s. ; 204, 11igh-roact, Lee, Kent.

DILKS.-BODDY'S PATIENT OLDITAIHNT. Cures all out- ward Piles in two or three days ; Post free, with Testi- monials, Is. 2d. ; only one trial soncited.—W , Boma', Brad- ford, Yorks.

rup CLEAR, Remnants, extra large parcel 5g.; Serges, _L. Prints, Vlanellettes, Calicoes, etc. ; good quality; mixed or state requirements. —l)Axi..b.r, 58 at. iteerge's place, Cheltenham.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's Patterns for our kJ Celebrated Ws. J. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- Sully good value.—lleauE AND Co., Limited, Byrons-at. Liverpool.

SEEDS.—Oniou, " —kousham Park Hera," gran 4 for exhibi- tion, is. OZ.; Lettuce, "Jumbo' (Carter's) immense size, splendid quality, packet bd., 2s. oz. List and magazine free. —GUNNELL, Barley, Herts.

(11V1i THB FISIIIIRMIN A CHANCE I—FISH Fresh from the Sta. Was. 25., 111bs. 21. 6d.. 141bs. as., pre- pared for use, catriage paid by rail, cash with order.—Tua r'ISHERmAN'S dyNDICITE, Griamby.

WOODSTOCK PATHNT WATIMPROOF GLOVB for gardening; the discomfort of a wet leather glove is avoided. it kPeps the hands free from wet and dirt ; 2s. 6d., pair.—LamPaELL, liracJiley..lsiorthants. ' x

USTABLISHED 1875--Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China, 50s. and upwards. Prices on appli- euatoi.-- W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off lay ton-s t., Lougton. btu ffordshire. L'ARTHENWARB and CHlNA.—Seconds, £2 crates; _EI best, £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—W rite for lists, Wiz= AND CO., hallway Passage, Longton. Slaffordsidre. QAPES.—OEORGE PRICE, LTD., Cleveland-st., Wolver- hampton, Sole Makers of the celebrated Patent" Case If ardened, " bent steel Safes, as supplied to her Majesty's Goverismtnt. Write or call for price list. - - -- 1 CUE LOWE, Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON. U SALK ldilier, Chatwood, Chubb, Ferry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester. -WEE I FIRE 1! FIRE !Ii Geninue SALE of extensive 1: stock ot Pianos, Organs, &u., previous to re-building ot premises, owing to the recent lire ; easiest terms arranged to effect a cittarance.—PAzxk, 103, Approach-roni, Cambridge heath.

910 LADlRS.—Feroale irregularities and obstructions quic.ly and surely corrected in a few hours by anew aud simple method, which I wid send free on receipt of stampea envelope.—Mr. C. d. MAR7YX. 20, Ihshopsgate, Without. London.

ROMS SEWING.—PIain, simple work, per parcels post ill weekly easily earned. Persons required every where. Patterns and instruction book 6 stamps. Many advertisements mislead; this is genu.ine.—WlLur, Savil- town. Dewsbury.

T M ITSON, Corrugated Iron Church and Chapel Builder t/ • Estimates free for Iron Buildings of every description and erected on the shortest notice; Trironxs, The Avenue, Acre Lane.—OivicE, ,E. Bythorn-street. near Brixton Station. London.

plus OFFER BEATS THE RECORD.—A music roll and 30s. worth ot good music for is. 341. free. No cheap rubbish. State whether Gents songs, Ladies songs, or Piano pieces are required.—ClTY MUSIC STORES, 63, Finsbury Pavement, London, 8.0.

F"ll' FISH; PlBll.—For 10s. we forward 10 stone alt of Cod. Ling, Haddock, Rock Salmon. etc. Fresh Her- rings 2s. 3d. per 100; Kippers and Bloaters is. 6d. a box Or for P.O. 2/3 or 3s. 6d. we forward a bass of finest selected Pith. Carriage paid.—Great Britain Fish and Oyster Supply Co., Grimsby Docks. ('IL AND GRBASIL—G. J. EITHPIIIINSON and Co., Oil kJ and Grease Works, Hull, Lard Oil, Whale Oil, Rid Oil, Raw 1 inseel OIL Belled Linseed Oil, Refined Cotton Oil, Refined Colza Oil, Best Pine Oil, Best Castor 011, Finest Sperm Oil, Best Gallipoli Oil, Fine Olive 011, Black Varnish, - Tallow, ac. Best house in England. Carriage paid all over the United Kingdom.

bUlth EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEOS 1 WESLEY'S OINTMENT Is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Bolls Rheumatic Pains, Sore Byes, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and t..st its great and manifold virtue.. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for 12 stamps, from 11OLD1tOYD'S DgUG STORES, Meek. heaton. Yorks.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ik LADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be li pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms cf Irregularities. no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-stieet, London, N,W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

A. BARGAIN. Wash Leather, the test of ages. Don't use worth!ess substitutes. Send postal order or stamps, for one Large Chamois Leather and one panel cleaner "The Sponge Eclipsed," is. lid. or wash leather and cash bag 3-fold, is. tlid., or the lot Is. 7id. Post free in Great Britain. Why be without a finished leather fit for jewellery, plate, carriage or window? Show your friends. Dozen or half dozen. Parcels Post.—Joags, jun., Beeston Road, Lentou. Nottingham.

BLACK MOHAIR SICILIANS ; any length cut, wholesale prices. Write for patterns to P. 0., Box 143, Thadford.

TNCANDBSCBNT GAS LAMPS, complete 35. 6d.; aample I. posted 35. 9d.—LEoN SEE, 8, Temple Chambers, Bir- mingham.

CRAZY PATCNWORK ;pretty silks and velvets 80 pieces is., assorted; carriage paid.—F. HOWE, 53 Derby-road, Nottingnam. x

GIiNT'S solid silver WATCH 103.8 d. ; warranted one year; money returned if not approved.—Bunnows, 224 Stret- ford-road, Manchester. r_l_ood Cottage PIANO on Sale, Walnut case, truss legs, k.ll £10; bargain.—Apply I, ST. MARY-STREET, Knuteford- road, Warrington.

TIICUBATORS.—Make your own and make a fortune; full _L instructive pamphlet 7 stars ps ; list of fittings stamp.— OLSTILLD, Jarrow-on-Tyne.

SBHD POrATOBS, Brune and Magnum Bonum, 3s. per cwt; other sorts at proportiona ely low rates. WA= lb Co., 34, Copthall Avenue, B.C. a

TTOW to prevent all kinds of COLOURED ARTICLES running in the wash. Post free 5 stamps.—LAtmonEss 8., 19, Wormgate, Boston, Lincolnshire.

2000 GARDBN PALINGS, 21; in. by 1 in. b 7 41t. 6in.; will be pointed at one end; price 9s. per 108.- 11. A. Draos, 76, Graftom-street, S. Liverpool.

BILLIARD TABS, Bagatelle Tables, Bagatelle Skittle Boards, good and cheap, price list and testimonials. LENT, 84, Gwynn° Road, Battersea. Bstd. 1840.

FIIIITWOIIIC TOOLS, chelpest cnywhere ; saws ld. doz. wood 3d. foot, patterns Id. each, frames 6d. each; list free.—S /RR, Wilson Street, Finsbury, London. x

50,000 PAIRSp pair, L Photographsl lCiTAailr sample, mfprclerns i4g9.eds. free. Wm. COTTON, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

1895 FARTHINGS, first Issue, new heads, mint con- dition, same as discussed in Parliament; 2d. each, postage extra. STUDHOLMS, Wood Green, London. x

6 VIINTRILOQUISM SIMPLIPIBD." Not a gift but an V easily acquired art. Success certain. Voices every- where. Post free 7d.—Professor MITCHELL, Royston, Herts.

FISH all the year round. Packages; Es., 2s. 6d., upwards Orders carriage paid and cleaned for cooking.—Address In full, MANAGER, Star Fish Supply Co., Fish Docks. Grimsby. "iUlfa CURB" will remove Eczema, Ringworm, Li Sycosis (Barber's Itch), Sourvey, Piles. Chilblains, or any BRIM TROUBLIJ ; post free 2.5. 9d. J. COUPLAND, Withington, Manchester.

PROTUCT yoisr buds, seeds, and peas, Ise., from frost blight, and ravages of the birds ; Tanned Netting, 01 ted and dressed ; 35 squire yards is. ; can be sent any length or width—H. ROBINSON, Netting Merchant, Rye, Sussex.

I\TBUYALGIA. and DBAIMBISS cured by NIIIIRACRA. Guaranteed nonpoisonous. Scientific. Instant relief. Numerous t, stimonials. Is. 3d. post free, prompt.—Messrs. DALE and Co., Patent Medicine Proprietors. 12, Baker-street, Brighton.

150,000 SOLD, Lancasters celebrated p hato- graphic Cameras, An., for Amateurs or Professionals. MANCHESTER AuENcr is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Sainte). Lists ,free. second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

DANSIIIS.-ICO stout, well-routed PLANTS, from open ground. just comlng into flower, in ten choice separate varieties, or three distinct colon s, for bedding. Carefully packed free by post for 2s. 6i. F.l GALVIN, Mount Talbot Plurseries, Roscommon.

RON CHURCH, to seat 200, £110; 300. £l3O 500, £200; 1 Mission Hall 50 yards by 20. £lO5 : isolation hospitals, ready to contain 8. 12, or 20 beds ; billiard rooms. pavilions, &a., cheapest house in the trade for any description iron buildings. --HAl:Yams, Ashford, Middlesex.

TO LIIASI4II OLDER% Reversioners. Life Tenants. I. Leaseholds made equal to Freeholds. Mortgages effected. Horse Cattle, and Vehicle Insurance —Tax LEASEHOLD AND REVERSIONARY INTEREST SOCIETY, MORTGAGE AND INSUR- ANCE BROKSES, 20, Cheapside, London. B.C.

FOR PILES. inward, outward, or bleeding. take Sped- ding's Baselib and be cured, as hundreds before. sold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor—SPEDDlNG. Bone Setter, Batley. is. 'a box ; post free le. 21. Whole- sale Agents :GOODHALL, BACKIIOUSE & CO., Leeds.

GRATIS, lovely packet MIXHID SPANGLBS, with each parcel plush, 5) large squares, is. 3d. ; eight long strips, is. ed. ; pent 100 extra large. is. ; silk, is. 6d. large parcel ; all god, great variety, carriage said; money returned if unsatisfactory.—DAYLEY, 58, Bt. George's Place, Chelten- Lam.

TRUSSES FOR WORKING MEN. QTROIIO and durable, Single 35., double 4s, 6d. Post free to any addreas on receipt of correct measurement. All sizes and description in stock.—F. WHITE Limited, Truss and Surgical Appliance Maker, 157, Commercial-road. London, 10.

CHINA and BARTHHNWARIL—Buyers are strongly ad- vised to send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Barthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything sent as sample. Buy direct from the Pot- teries.—S. WEBB and Co.,Longton.staffortishire Potteries.

IN RECHIPT of 12 stamps, or P.O. for is. seven pieces of music will be sent carriage paid to any address. Songs Dances, etc. Full muric size, beautifully printed. In addi- tion to tWs a splendid Gilt Brooch or gents pair of pater,t S,ltaires will be given free to every purchmer ; This alone is worth double the money, do not mita this chance. F. Htn.- , 229. Brixton Road, London, S.W.

PROTECT YOUR GARDENS.—Garden netting supplied by H. 3. Gasson, at 35 square yards for is. Is oiled and dressed, will not tot if left out in all weathers. Send any width; carri•lge paid on all orders over ss. Commoner netting at 50 square yards for is. Hundreds of testimonials. —Henry J. GASSON, Fishing Fleet, Rye. • BEAUTIFUL hair gives healthy and graceful appearance. The Ponsopby Hair Wash used 30 years by royalty and professionals, ss. 13,1.. now reduoid to 3s. 9d. post free, nothing in the world to equal. Promotes growth, prevents falling off. Restores natural youth and colour. Worth its weight in gold. Stamps or P.o.—PoicsoNnv, 25, Lime-st., Liverpool.

POTATOBS for Seed —Myatt's early. Ashleaf kidneys, or Colossal. Is. peck (14lbs), 6s. 6d. cwt. ; early Puritan, is. peck, 75. owt. ; Up-to-date Saxonias or Snowdrops, is. 33. peck, 84. cwt. ; Reading Giants, or Sutton's Abundance, Is. peck, 6s. cwt. ; Imperator 10.1. peck, ss. 6,1. cwt. ; Bruce 9d. peck, 59. cwt. ; MAgtmm Bonum, Bd. peck, 49. cwt.-; Bags 3d each extra. Sent by rail on receipt of cash.—RRNNELLY, ithipld Market, Birmingham. Special terms farmers and seedsmen. • - - - FOR SALE bg Private Treaty, 87 RAILWAY WAGONS which Include, 7 eight ton trucks ; 8 seven ton troche ; 2 ten ton trunks reconstructed 1895 with spring buffers ;21 ten ton trucks low sides ; 34 ten ton trucks high sides : and 10 ton trucks end doors. All in excellent conditioi and running up to date. For further particulars and to view, apply to 11Y,tx Monst9 and Co . solicitors, The Priory, Wrexham.

A REAL CURB FOR RHHUMATISM AT LAST.—In " Father Oturie's Powders for Diseases of Rheumatic Origin " sufferers have a remedy that seems to act almost miraculously, even effecting cures when everything else has failsd and hope has been abandoned. Price Is. lid. from any Chemist. Past free tor 15 penny stamps.—W. L. de S' LENNOX. Northville-st., Nottingham.

AN HONEST 3:111DICINE. D. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS FOR FEMALES. The Most Effectual on Earth. Nothir.g can resist them. 9id., is. 10.. 2s. 91.. 4s. 6d , sent free from observation by ar. Davis. 309 Portobello Road, London, W.; or order of any chemist. Mr. Dam's little boA for MARRIED WOMEN, most invaluable, sent free on receipt of a stamped addressed envelope. QUCCESSFUL GARDENING.—On receipt of 28. 6d. we 7 will forward, post free, the following collection •of RELIABLE VEGETABLE SEEDS :- 1 Pint Beans, t.oz. Beet. !oz. Carrot. Oz. Cress. oz. Musfard, toz. Lettuce. toz. Leek, loz. Onions, foz. Parsley. 1 Pint Peas, /oz. Parsnip, toz. Reddish. loz. Turnip, (two sorts). For 51. the above quantities are doubled. Order now from ANDIIHWS & Co.. 21, Winchcomb-at., Cheltenham.

LADMS.—A Alessagm for You !! ! In all cases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long standing, try the MIRACULOUS and never-failing Remedy, known all over the world as DASMAIL'S SPECI- FIC. Thousands of testimonials testifying to the Wonderful Cases that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICI H. A Lady wdtes 'Your Medicine is truly wonderful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies of testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £103) upon receipt of stamped envelope to A. DA,MAIL,376, Langdale, Walthamstow. Established nearly 50 years.

ON SAL. LARGE QUANTITIE3 OF STI PRITTING BOX V.S. Apply JOSEPH :MATTHEWS, Fah field Saw Mi Ile, Mar chester-road, Warringtm.

BD UFF Plymoutb Rock EGGS. 3s. 6d. sitting, Certificate.— AddressiMiss FEASTER, Uf ton, Southall', Rugby. (IGLU and Silver Wyandottes Eggs, Standidge prize VA strain ; ss. sitting, carriage free.—G. COOKR, Natura- list, Shrewsbury.

VOGS (prize strains), Plymouth Rocks Orpington's Silver 124 Wyandott and Minoreas,2a 6d per dozen.—J. G. PowzraLL, Great Sankey.

WHITE LEGHORN EGGS, pure bred. grand layers 3s. 6d. dozen ; carriage paid; guaranteed fertile.--J. Cosium. Ryder' Wells, Lewes. VASTBRN ASTRO! OGY.—Marriage, Business Prospects. Partner Described; removals, birth-time. sex; 13 stamps.—PßOYEaBoll BLALEMORE, Swinton. Rotherham.

111111BASANTS' EGGS; orders now booked, price list with .11. highest testimonials free on application.—COWLEY BROS., Mawdesley, Ormskirk. Lancashire.

PRIZEI Bred White LBGHORIT, grand dark Plymouth Bock and black Blinocra EGGS, 3s. 6d. sitting; unfer- tiles replaced.—Mßs. Cataxam., Prating Abbey, Col- chester. x

DLACK MINORCA BOOS Hopkins, and Hunters, Noted A/ Layers and Prize Strain, also splendid Orpingtons only 28. 6d. dozen, packed.—dOSßPß 33MMETT, 304, Barle-street, Barlestown.

BROWN LBGHORN BOGS, from really magnificent birds. on unlimited grass run. in pink of health, unrivalled layers, Hurst's,Anthony's, and Simon Hunter's strain, 43. per doz. Unfertlle replaced.—CHAßLES PazsTox, Manor House, Barlsheaton, Dewsbury. ------ EGGS barred Plymouth rocks. No. 1 pens. '94 cock, winner several prizes, and sire of first and special Gloucester, and cockerel full brother to Butterfield's '95 Palace cup and first Dairy winners, hens and pullets Abbot's champion cup and medal strain direct, ss. per 13; others, 3s. per 13; un- fertile replaced,-_g, I:II.RUGH, Charleston B..fdlington. VGGS FOR SITTING.—Ha ring ra-arrange9 my pens and .IL4 put them on new grass runs, I now offer eggs from the following breeds of Pure-bred Fowls r—Black Minorca.. Brown Leghorus, White Leghorn., Houdans, Redcaps, Blue Andalusians, Buff Cochin., Light Brahmas, Langshans, Orpington., Plymouth Rocks; all at 3.. per sitting. Also fine crosses for laying and table use (male bird mentioned first) 3 —White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Redcap—Buff Crohin, Houdan—lndian Game, Indian Game—Orpington, Black Minocro--Orpinot,o, all at 2s. 6& per sitting. Also splendid Rouen Ducks, at 4s. per sitting. Grand Aylesbury. at 3s. 6d. per sitting, wonderful layers. Indian runners at 3s. All Eggs safely packed in neat box and sent to any part of the world. Note.—l will reduce all eggs 64. per sitting to parties who come sad inspect my birds and take away their Mi.—HENRY DRAPRit, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows (five minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's). No business done on Sundays.

.IUVANS ROBINSON and CO., Public, House Agents, &a., 1.2.1 11, South John-street, Liverpool have many Fully-licensed Public Houses to Let at Ingoings ranging from £lOO to £12,00/. And they make no charge to pur- chasers unless specially engaged to act for them. EVANS ROBINSON and CO. have many clients waiting for genuine Public Houses and Beerhouses, and persons having such to dispose of should place their businesses In the hands of EVANS ROBINSON and C0.,11, South John-street, Liver- pool.

rr LICENSED VI CTUALLERS- GREAT SAVING. COLLAPSIBLE OZZLIIS for BEHR ENGINE TAPS, which prevent any dripping after use. also form short but perfect funnel, attachable or detachable to any engine in two seconds.—Particulars, post free. or ss. per doz., sample one 7d.. from IL J. EDWARDS (Patentee), 56, Orwell-road. Liverpool, N,

NIJINB PUBLICHOUSB. near Manchester. takes £5O VI weekly. £5OO, strongly recommended.—LA.eax, Market-st.. Manchester.

O_IINUINE BE HR and WINE House, ingoing £65; good position, in suburbs.—llimar. 25, Lline-street, Liverpool.

PULLY Lientred PUBLIC, entirely free; ingoing £lOO ; money-makiag house, every proof.—Banar, 25, Lime- et, eet, Liverpool.

kT, ICII CORNBR PUBLIC, free spirits, ingoing only 11 splendid chance; reconunended.—BaLLsr, 25, Lime. street, Liverpool.

k.)11OOD Corner 13BEIRHOUSH. entirely free; Ingoing £5O ; suburbd, proof; good trade.—BAILEY. 25. Limo-street, Liverpool.

PERCY- STREW: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re decorated ss. CATHERINE-ST., re-decorated houses, 4s. 3d. WKLLFIELD-ST., re-decorated Houses, ss. 6d. STOCKTON HEATH, Good Houses, 41. WOYLE-ST.. re-deoorated Houses, 4s. PIiNKETH, good six-roomed Houses, 53. 6d. PENKETH. Cottages horn Es. Bd. to ss. pply. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent. Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

XTEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.—TO BE LET or SOLD. Rose 11 Ccttaee, cceupted as Post Office —Apply W. RICHARD - SON, 20, Cornbrook Park-road, Manchester.

TTO USH and SHOP, situate in Dial-st., composed of five IL bedrooms, sitting-room. &c., private entrance low nntal —Apply J.Bosrocictstate agent, Bank-at., Warrington.

QTOCKTON HEATII.—HOUSB. composed of four bed- rooms, tw3 sitting-rooms. bathroom, w.c., 1-nd other conveniences, low rental.--Apply BosTocK, Wilderspool. Warzlngton.

EVANS ROBINSON and CO, Auctioneers, Valuers. Beate and Mortgage Brokers, Partnership and Business Agt-nts, 11. south John-street, Liverpool, Undertake Sales by Aucticn, and Valuations of Property on very moderate terms. They have a large number of Procerties on Sale suitable for private investment or speculators, at remarkably low prices. Also many lots of Building Land. Mortgages to any amount ht a moderate rate of interest upon Freehold or Leasehold Properties, with or without chief rent. Businesses of all kinds bought or sold at very low charges. Partnerships arranged on equitable terms.

el HAIG AND EVANS, Business Transfer Agents, 70 Vlcroitts-stExErr, LivEnpooL, have the following. Businesses on their Books for quick disposal, No charge to purclum.r. £l7o—Tobseconist,Fine Staid, Takings Large. £3s—Fried Fish and Chip Potatoes, Good Living, £l4—Halt Dressing. Working-class Trade. £3o—Toblownist, Heat Low, cheater. £ldo Bread Flour lc, Two Shoos, Good Positions. %Mose Stamp for reply. Other Businesses on hand.

CARRTAGB LAMPS, of every Description. Repairs Silver Plating and Japan,iing.—ilDWAßD rinixtort. 4, Audley- street, London-road, (close to Owen Owen) Liverpool.

HOOPBR AND SI M. RON COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL . High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Ritimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landau.. Victoria. Wagonflttes. and Phwtons. now for Sale or Hire.

eIABRIAGII LAMPS from 9s. 6d. per Pair; re-silver plat- In. retairs and japanning.—W. BERNION. 37. DAulby- st. (tap of London-road), Liverpool. Established 1869.

JAMESON'S RIDE. Authentic records of this Historical Event now reach England, and the Crisis is virtnally over. Peace and plenty again rule through the Golden Territory of the 'lransvaal, and this act of Dr. Jameson links this modern Hero inalienably to one of the Historic Incidents of the Century. No infringement of our neutrality can be urged against us in laving bare to the Liverpool public a subiect of strong local interest and advaatage. A rumour was current previously, but is only con- firmed with "Dr. Jim's" arrival, that his brave band of Volunteers had become possessed (prior to the Raid) of the redoubtable clothing manufactured especially for South Africa by Messrs. HENOCHS- BEM; ELLIS, UNIVERSITY HOUSE, Islington, Liverpool, and that the Natural Wool Under- wear famous for suzb climates, shipped to the South African Repuplic, as well as to the Char- tered Company's Territory, by Messrs. lIHNOCHS- -13RRG Sc ELLIS, was worn by the Doctor's h&ps during their trying time. The Government Serges (passing full test for shades, dyes, and strength) are kept in stock at University House. Messrs. HENOCHSBERG Sc ELLIS are prepared to under- taire and execute ORDERS for GENTLEMEN'S SUITS for 505., tor YOUTHS' SUITS 355., and for BOYS' SUITS 255., from the exact materials, of Which they now hold a good selection, as the contract for the Natal Government is in course of completion by this well-ki:own firm.

evrlts.. "ATTENTION !" ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAREIN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, bnt as you can purchase a BUDGE from RIO Nett, surely it is worth Votir while to ignore the many cheap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Bny a RUDGB or WHIT- WORTH, and save the endless sums for repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bedsteac tubing always necessitates, not to mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon a rider of a crock. Guarantees from many agents, and makers are not worth the paper they are written upon. so many people in the Cycle Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guaraatee of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD, By Buying BUDGE AND WHITWoRTH CYCLES. Good Discount for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment System. BUDGE-WHIT WORTH, LIMITED (Rudge Cycle Co., Ltd., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LITERPoOL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET.

APRTIRS I Safeties I—lmportant to Agents. Dealers, and others. Illustrated List of over 1,000 (One Thousand) Machines, New and Second-hand, post free to any address. Don't pay large and fancy prices for your machine. See Warrilow's prices before purchasing. Single Machines at Wholesale Price. Ladies' Safeties a speciality. Cash only. Agents wanted. List Post Free from W. R. WAREILOW. Cycle Manufacturer, Reent-street, Weston-super-Mare.

HARDIB'S FOR CYCLES.—CaII and inspect my Stock the largest in Liverpool, before buying elsewhere Prices to suit all. Gent's Pneumatics, detachable tyres,from £7 10s. ; Ladies, £8 10s. ; gulranteed for 12 months. Easy payments taken. Repairs executed promptly. Cushion eafeties converted into Detacinble Pneumatics 501. Note Address —HARDIE. 1. Upper Duke-street, Liverpool—Tele- phone 5944 ; and 90, Argyle-street, Birkenhead.—Telephode 33. Sole Agent for the Parnous Osmond Cycles. Bend for Lists. Repairs sent, will be promptly attended to.

QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LIMITED. INSPECT OUR 1896 PATTERNS, OR SEND FOR OUR NEW PRICE LIST. 69, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL, 302, STANLEY - ROAD, BOOTLE.

CARPENTER AND CO• 63, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE OLD FIRM. Sole Liverpool and Districts Agents, for Celebrated ROVERS, PREMIERS, NEW RAPIDS. SPARD BROOK'S, ROTHWELL'S. ALLARD'S, XL., and GLOBE CYCLES. LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY. Every Machine Guaranteed. Repairs and Sundries.—Low Prices. A few Shop-soiled and Second-hani Machines under cost. CYCLES! CYCLES _1! CYCLES !! ! THE CYCLE RING, J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Northern Road Record), 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. AGRINT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON, ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES. REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Second-hand Machines always in Stock. Three years' Guarantee, LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Buy a Machine Right Out, by paying £3 down they can have a Machine any day durluz 1896. DON'T PAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge). ALSO AT MERSEY-CHAMBERS, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

A. CLARE, KNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING. AND ENAMELLING A. SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUN rINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. • ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES OF MACHINERY, &c., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK.

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LIIIITED. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, WARRINGTON. Intending purchasers will do well to inspect our splendid stock of Cycles. all new for this season's trade. iVB ARIA SOLE AGENTS FOR SINGER'S WEST'S UMBRIA PERRY'S, and prices range to suit all classes. EASY PAYMENTS ARRANGED. CYCLB LAMPS, BBLLS, and all accessories at bottom prices.

PATENTEE AND MAKER OF THE " ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND. AGENT VOR THE " BUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND OTHER HIGH-GRADE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROYIPTLY ATTENDED TO. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOOL - ROAD, WARRINGTON.

S- - - - -- PECIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS, ORGANS, AT J. PARRY'S. 20. DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a; any price. Several square pianos 5k octaves. trom bs. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cott age, by Brinsmead 7 10 1-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard Zit Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson Fell-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ, in oak case, cost £25 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvenaenta by Erard. Kirkman, Collard, Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson, Rud Ibach. Newmeyer,Weber.

SMITH'S FAMOUS PIANOS 34, OXFORD-STREET, 83. PICCADILLY, MANCHEFTER. 179, OXFORD-STREET, 102 and 104. PINS2ONE STREET, SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS. Without doubt the best and cheapest house for Pianos or Organs by all the great makers. PIANOS at 10s. 6d. Monthly ORGANS at ss. 6d. Monthly }TILL PAID FOR. Second-hand Instruments at Lower Rates. Delivered free anywhere on payment of first month's hire Send for Price List (post free), or what is better still, Call on shIITH personally, auy day up to 7 p.m.; Saturday, 8 p.m. SMITH'S NEW "LIFE INiURANCE " SCHEME. Every instrument on SMITH'S Hire System Is insured free of charge during the hiring, to the extent of the full value of the instrument, an.i should the hi: er's death ensue In the meantime the instrument will be absolutely made over to e nearest relative of the hirer without any further payment whatever, no matter what the amount still owing may be.provi,led th,ire are no arrears of hire at the time. No addition Whatever is made to the ordinary price. This is a perfectly genuine scheme, and there is no trick or catch about it. pLEYEL'B PIANOS J. The Pianos forthe present and future generations. Ou tuners report these instruments, without exception, to b the finest in tone and touch that they have ever tuned. TheZfavourite instrument of Chopin, the Piano Poet, who would play upon no other make. OBLIQUE, List Price 68 GUINEAS. 33 1-3 per cent, off for cash, or 20 per cent, off on the hire System. • Sole Agents: SMITH'S. At MANCHESTER. 34, OXFORD-ST., 83. PICCADILLY, and 179, OXFORD-ST. 102 and 104, PINSTONE- t-a.. SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS.

TTRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE —HEAD MASTER: Mr. J. P. HUGHES'. The College built for scholastic :purposes is replete with modern appliances ; gymnasium, swimming bath, cricket, and tootball fi,dds, Thorough training for Professional and Mercantile purposes. Special attention to backward and delicate boys. Good Table. Terms moderate. Next Term begins Januar 21st, 1896.

MALVERN LINK SCIWOL, SMA.,L HOME SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas yearly. Healthiest place in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the special care ot Principal's wife, who i very successful in their train lig. There having been no medical visit during tke last ten years,—AddressDr. Ausix. COWLEY SCHOOLS, S. HELENS. New buildings, £15.000. Endowment, £BOO per annum. Scholarships, £l5O per annum. hEADMA,THR E. J. SIMPSON, M.A., formerly Foundation Scholar and Prizeman. Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMISTRESS: MISS FIFE, B.A. Examination, Newnham College, Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY, January 14TH, 1396. Fees £6 to £8 per annum. Sinoe the year 1884 about Two Thousand Certificates have been gained by pupils in the South Kensington Science and Art Examinations many of these being in the Honours and nearly Five hundred in the Advanced Stages. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists of the London University Examinations by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for pupils preparing for these examinations. Cambridge Locals Twenty-six Certificates. College of Preceptors f Dec 1894. Fifty Certifintes. SECRETARY: T. BREWIS, Esq., Solicitor. St Helens.

r IIRY. AND BE CONVINCED. Money advanced daily- at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brough% to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly att.nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

£2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to b., Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W.-HEADER, 5, Cook-st., Liverpool. Tele- graph No. 5,183.

ffi H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANC ['ESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest thatt usually charged. Repayment nrranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine auti extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. ix. PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big eapital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

NTONEY.—A I'RIVATE GENTLEMAN with a large Capital will make ADV.% NOBS from £5 to £5OO to all respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Workingmen, and to all Classes worthy of Credit, s;mply on written promise to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry fee. The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrowers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If you cannot get an advance from me it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever refused.— Apply MR. WEST, 32. Golborne-st. (private house) off Sankey- st., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompt attention. Apply and be convinced. (No agent.)

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ivp. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. AIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without ielay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcraise to pzl-3- bask.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGT(IN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane. any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

,T ONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties. publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings guaranteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- comrnodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPEXCRII, 1, Wellingtou-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

LOANS £3 TO 500. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS ON YOUR OWN SECURITY.- NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 ~2/6 ~ £2O ~ 10/- „ £lO „ 5/. „ £25 ~ 12/6 „ Also LOANS granted on Life Assurauice Policies, Re- versions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, at Five per cent. interest. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOUPII WADS WORTH, District Agent, 119, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large nninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF Rio to £l,OOO, to respectable cersons, on tb9 Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds Repayments. ~ Delay. „ Life Polices 6(1.1n the £ „ Law Costs. Bcc. weekly,rnonthlY „ Publicity, or quarterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-flde Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS reques'.ed not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, Esq.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. MR. WILLIAM ELLIS WILL SELL BY AUCTION' cd THURSDAY and FRIDAY, MARCH, 26th and Zith, within his Mart, 37, Corporation-st- Manchester, at 11 eadi day, upwards of 1,000 pairs of NOTTINGHAM LACE Cl* TAINS, and other LACE GOODS. Catalogues.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE , ESTATE! AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, A UCTIONBBR AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate ChambeTs, AutTlow Roome—No . 1 Bank Street Waron . AGENT To—Sun Pire and Life °llea, Londom , listablfeiP 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Pte Glass, Mali ty Goa' anteo and Employer,' Liability) Insurance Associatiolk Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance As sceistien Limited. tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited. B4Ablishe4 1864.

JONES AND ELS W ORTH NCORPORATRD ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, An., 67, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on applicatica• Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered wit- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent), on easy terms. No PREMIUM cuAnann z contsccrioN Tyra ADVANCES ON HOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, "Ellsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136,

THOMAS CO WDELL, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD Ch AXPRRS, SALEBOODI : 145, SCOTLAND-ROAD. WAREINOToN Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

SILENT MBAT-CI4OPPRR (large size) for Sale cheap ; two pairs of Wire-Flattening Rolls (Sin), new, cheap • also several pairs of Improved Hand ShAera, for all kinds, of paring wprk. ac.—P. WARING and Co., lingineera, Thomas - street, Sheffield.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are In a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue or wheel and pulley pattern/ on applk cation.—Telephone 229.

1 0 0 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers, Engines, Steam Hammers, Ac., now ready. Apply. Ncarr BROS., Halifax. Patent Duple High Speed Gas Engines, effect saving of from 15 to 25 per cent, gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gal engine. Best and cheapest extant.

BILICK MACHINERY READY FOR DELIVERY. "LITTLE WONDER" Wire cut Brick Machine, Capacity 30,000 per day. No. 1 machine, capacity 10,000 " Invincible " Brick making and pressing machines. Patent Steam Brick Presses, Grinding Mills with 9.0 "perforated Pans. Mortar Mills, Clay Waggons. Wheeling of Barrows, Eddingtons' Sand Faced Brick Making Machines and other plant of the best and most modern construction. Prices and particulars from Jaanis BUM:LC."6(AX and Son'. Caledonia Foundry, Liverpool.

pATRNT OFFICE MANCHESTHR. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish - merit, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen. and Iron manufactures. —Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.p.. & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A.. 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER. TUCK AND Co., Limited. INDIA RUBBER ft PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES. &C. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, e Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Markei Street, Manchester, London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL. PECK ETT AND SONS' LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS. BRISTOL. Have In Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

BOROUGH 010 Wiffrea , WARRINGTON'. , CCA '2? • IVA R R IcIigeTENOTINiATHCD OMARN PußOßit Eighteenth Season. General Agent—Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. • PADDINGTON, near Warrington.

IMPORTANT TO FAIV,IERS, GARDENERS. &e. J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET. Slaughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. Offers for salsa large quantity of BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION, Highly recommended for Roots and Grass. Best prices paid for Dead and Worn-out Horses, cows, and removed any reasonable distances. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED AD.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY or MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURF, MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL 0143RT8, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., DELIVERED IN BAGS, CARRIAGE PAID. IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES. AT £3 PER TON Special price over I.CeO miles. SUPPLY strictly limited. ORDERS should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from H. D. k /ALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester; Or to J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester: -norm ALDRED. Stamford fond. Altrinehija,.

cl,partintnts, ftpbrogf etr. pLEASANT APARTME NTS.—No. MANCHEBTEa-aoln. Warrington.

B LACK POOL.—Mrs. HIGSON,from Helm shore; Private and Public Apartment 3. 162, Lytham-road, south Shore. sea view; piano.

APAIITMTS to Let, bplendid Scenery, use of piano. -Terms moderate.—Mrs. WALTON, Fibber I lace. Vila - mere, Via Grasmere, Cumberland.

pASTBOURNE.—Board and residence, in a large—delapea house, one minute from sea ; large garden, stables. and tennis lawn; private sittaig-rooms by arrangement., and,zooct bedrooms on ground floor; no steps.—Apply Mrs. SAltaSta. Brunswick House, Eastbourne.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTSL• 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, BUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. FOR BUtONESS OR PLEASURE.

LIOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSILR HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAO' NARDO. Summer and Winter Residence. one of the handsomest builaings, centrally situated, replete with ever! comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams. aid golf link,' Tutkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, Galvaniso, Summer Terms from 7s. per day.—J. Boococx, Proprietor.

GOLDEN TIPS. KIRKLAND'S have been so often asked to give th 2 Liverpool people another opportunity of tasting famous GOLDEN TIP TEA, that, notwithstanding the great expense, they have de2ided DURING LENT, at their Establishments in Lord-street and Bold-btrcet, to use only the Golder Tips. This tea is very scarce, and has been sold in the London Market as high as £3O PER LB., IN BOND, but Kirklaad's have been successful in securir through Messrs. Robert Roberts and Co., Limited, Tea Merchants, Liverpool anti London, a very large Parcel, sufficient to last for the six weeks of Lent. Lately, the Tea Trade have been puzzled at the scarcit3 of the Tips in the Tea, and have wonder( I where the Tips have gone. Now they know. It takes months to collect a chest of Golden Tips. KIRKLAND BROS,, PURVEY:ORS TO THE QUEEN, LORD-STREET AND BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

121 TO 4-25 PER CENT. CASH DISCOUNT. ESTABLISHED 18 27. R. CROSBY & SONS Have now on show an immense assortment of CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY FURNITURE, All of the newest Styles, and best make. In their 22 Showrooms, containing 24,000 feet of space. ALL OUR GOODS ARE OF THE BEST MAKE. SPECIALITY—CARVED DARK OAK FURNITURE. THE OLDEST PRACTICABLE MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL, 63 AND 65, GREAT GEORGE-STREET. ESTABLISHED 1827. R. CROSBY & SONS, LIVERPOOL.

BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON,: BELFAST and fBALLYMENA, LINEN and ANAtK MkNUEACTURERS beg to inform their former Patrons and the Public generally that they will OPEN their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVER- POOL, 011 TUESDAY FIRST, 3RD MARCH, With a COMPLETE STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DAMASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEET INGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET-HAND- KERCHIEF 3, also GENTLEMEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS, and LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTHING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which they will SELL at Bona-fide NU FACTUTZERS' PRICES. All are Invited to Call Inspect. No one impor- tuned to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SON, LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, OF BELFAST, BOLD-STREET, VERPOOL.

SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES 371 BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON. OUR ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE Is NOW O. THE ENTIRE STOCK IN KNITTING WOOLS, KNITTED HOSIERY, &c. AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. THE BARGAINS AT THIS SALE GREATLY EXCEED THOSE OF PREVIOUS YEARS. OUR ORDINARY AND REDUCED PRICT 1 t'7l3 MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDiNESS. &C. As a General Family Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. Heads of households should always have a box by them to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under thEir charge, as by paying attention to the regular action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels,many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions. causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. Prepared only by W. LAMBHIIT, 173, Seymour Place, London, W.

THEATRE ROYAL AND OPEF A. HOUSE, I ST. HELENS. Sole Propriet )r and Manager, also Lessee of Theatre Royal. Sheffield, and Theatre Royal, Leicester, Mr. WALLACE REXILL. Acting Manager and Treasurer, Mr. RICHARD SOARS. MONDAY, MARCH 23, 18965 FOR SIX NIGHTS, Mr. MURRAY CARSON AND COMPANY, Under the Dis;:tion of Mr. H. H. MORELL and Mr. FREDK. MOUILLOT. The Great Romantic Drama— THE ROLL OF THE DRUM, By JOSEPH HATTON. (Adapted from his celebrated Novel "When Greek meets 0r: k.") ADMISSION : Private Boxes, £2 2s. and £1 10s. Dress Circle. 3s. (first row dress) ; Ochestra Stslls, 2s. ; Upper Circle. Is. 6d. lit Stalls, is. Pit, Bd. P mphitheatre, 6d. Gallery, 4d. Half-Price at 9 o'clock to a:1 parts. Amphitheatre and Gallery excepted. Seats may be booked between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. daily. DOORS OPEN at 7, commeuos at 7.30. Saturdays, hi'''. an-hour earlier. EARLY DOORS will be opened 7at 630 each evening. Parties wishing to avoid the crush will be admitted by same, on payment of 21. extra to Galiery, 3d. to Amphitheatre. 4d. to Pit. and 6d. extra to any other part of the Theatre.

DON'T COUGH—JUST USE DON'T COUGH—JUST US E " A SIMPLE FAu Ask throughlut the wo.ld in Any country thlt, cAn be named, Noll will find KEATING'S LOZENGES' largely sold. 'More is absolutely no remedy that is so s;!eedv in giving relief, so certaill to cure, ano vat, the mo3t delicate can take then, KEATING'S COUGH. LOZENGES. K EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. aNY D,CT,*:: WILT, TELL YOU" there•i9 oltlt C0.1,41i leine than KHATING'6 LOZENGLS. uneives eliPt ; they wil cure. and they will n 4 injure your heith oid ever.cwhere ill 130. tins. THE UNRIVALLED E.LNI E.LAY THE NRIVAL LED REM MY.

EADE'S PILLS, EADE'S PILLS. An who suffer from Gout of vhcitinatiem siould immo EADE'S pILLS. have reanirse to EAOlil'S PILLS. Hundreds o' TeitimoniP.ls hare EADE'S plus. bcen rece ved from all sorts and conditions c men tesafying EADE'S plus. the wonderful power thcle PIUS have in giving relief in the veil EADE's pmts. worst eases. These Pills are pure, vegetable and perfectly safe 111 their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM 01' GOUT, ItriEUMATISM, RIILUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommenthtion ever gives any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewskli road. Leeds. May 2uct. 181'583 RHEUMATISM Det--!Sir,—lt is withitn pleasureUota I send you a few 011 e GOUT praise of you triim ezceilent.Pllls 1. is six yea.:.6 Sint a t nrst RHEUMATISM Itliemmitic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. of catuse GOUT I lied the doct , and he sweated me down Irioti ia a skeleton,. HBUM AT ISM The ucTt sprio— I had another at!aok, and wra persuaded by GOUT friend to try yo,-rPills. I did so, and am quite sure the 7 pi evented R HE U M AT IS M sniar-ive e b ewi nhge nl Idh auype ;;gaadhlthe !Wel GOUT pain I hive taken 2 or 3 and I have been all right aguiLl HE UMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THENI IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. HE UM ATI S M You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of thh, and 1 GOUT shall be p -2ased to answer aril poor suffer: r who cares to write RHEUMATIS 11 roc (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you eve 7 success. Yours truly, ALBERT Mon/max:ll BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. sp. and 2s. Si: or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 72, GoswELL-RoAn. E.C. Ask for and be sure ,ou obtain EADL,'S GOUT AND 11.11Etit MATIC PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.

I ADIES.—" The Lady's Guide." Every lady should read this little Treatise. It gives information of vital in?: Portance to all Ladies under all circumstances and In aø conditions of life. Knowledge is power and the means OZ happiness, and this golden opportunity s',ould not be 3, lt» Post tree in envelope for Is. Postal order and oae stamp Address FinEs, 43 Brook Green, London, VT. Please namo paper.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking u tuseous and mysterione prescriptions and compounds, which 41,-, you nogood, but °WY ruin your digestive organs, write to iv And I will send yod a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, &c., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope 0" receipt of two stamps for poetise A. J.LEIGH, 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.O

A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN The information containecl In this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not hary. the unmarried to real The book is conveniently divided into 12 chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty,or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doetor's standpoint_,- points out the best age for marriage. and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful in- formation that one can ordinarily get only from an in- telligent doctor. The third eh pter treats of the marriage of blood relations; rad condemns such marriages ass rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth cha ,ter treats ot mishaps and how to avoid them. The 'sevenrh chapter treats of maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not due tolongings on Ihe part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of tho proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is U p and about again. The eleventh ohapter treats of sterility ; elves the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result The last chapter treats of the "change," most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and. no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women Some may think too much Is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is Power and the means of attaining !looniness. The book can he bed from Dr. T• R. AILINSON, 25 Box. 4, Spanish-place Manchester-square, London, W., in return for a Postal erder for is. ld.

• , e AOR CZEANZ/NESS ash- 17AlLr . ,t- z . ..,,,v, -0,,,,v04...e,-47,. , —' RS `' ft , ~1 ~ • 7 .: ' ,t 4. ,II <'ll ' ° LAC. , ', , . , • . • r• • '• " j'it- . : ,•••• ;" .0.7 4 - ' PIAICERS TV 7". ffEOZ4eEN- -.

THE GRFAT REMEDY. • 4 it .• 13 .I xt GO 1. T PILLS FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating P tin is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and Effer.tual. Sold by all Chemists at Is. Id. and 2s 9d per box,

DEBER-rs WONDERFUL CENTRE SECONDS WATC}i. BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. ---,-..,-...----- A:4 ----' el% 13EAIS ALL 1' ~.- OTHERS e; ' J tt IN lili• QUALITY 1/4,'.. ..,FOR ONE OF AND ' • ,r5,-.1.t-, ~.! PRICE. " k t•::.--i DEBERT'S ..-. . -------•'--.--. WATCRESI ,/ i-,,,, •..,.." ,‘ , . , .;',,,, ~..,,, t , , drawn a/ ''.•?., '' dr .1 ‘ •-'6 • , or pre- .' iii '- i ‘,' , '‘. • ferred bung ,ilver cti,,t)ta ' !'it"' 0 " , /-,..______..' 7 ,°' • Gui- T 1 ea wat_ ...„, _....... i , ches, '‘,-, ,-.,, 77 7 • ,:;t:•z.'.,/- can be , • .. - had in '----.. •,. ost • ..--1--#/ :::-..-.....,_ - . . . . • .- gold plat ed cases ; looks exactly as al5 Guinea. Gold Watch. All are warranted timekeepers. Iwill send by registered post, safely packed, at my own risk to any address in the United Kingdom on receipt of postal order Ts. 6d., a Watch as above, plain ease resembling silver or gold (as desired). Enclose , this announcement (" Examiner ") with order to-day. My 61. Albert CHAIN .. Woltaz " Silver (stamped Hebert, Liverpool, on the bar) are the best in the world. Seal to match 40. Ladies' Solid SILVER WATCHES from Ios. 6d. ' Real Silver Albert CHAINS 3s. 6d., real Silver Name BROOCHES,HaII marked. from 100.--P. HEBERT, Watch Manufacurer. Wholesale Jeweller and General Merchant, 10, 1- CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established over 10 1 years.

,•. ..,„ , . r 43,- 7 :,2„.,. •.,,,,,„ i.„4-4,' gZ:V ~,ta e •4, fg4.-' a f„,,,,,al : 'l!*,- And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before pavint cut any mercy. I have made a life-long study of -Fit, lipi!eosy, St. Vitus Dane., &c., and when I say cure I mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE TO SUF.}.' ER, but seal sci. for carriage of testi. monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, aod TRY IT. li. C. ROOT, 28, (211dsleigh Gardens, LONDON. N.W.

ONE BOX OF CLA.RKES' B 41 FILM is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organt in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Glarante.ed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vender. throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stamps Who Makera, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG CINIPA.NY Lin,All. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & 60118 London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One ease 1 guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARITIES n 12 hours HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failu is impossible Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI MONIALS, and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL.- and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single caw has it ever failed—even in the rn)st longstanding, intricate, rad lingering cases. Post free, under cover, with written guarantee of cure be. (five shillings).—Mrs. W. E. MACKENZIE, Trafford House, 83. Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fot Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptom, so preva- lent with the 69X. Boxes is. lid. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stair-4 sby the molter B T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham. Beware ut imitations,

.4:,.., , , _Ali NORTON'S CAMOMN.E PILLS have IS . • reputation of nearly too YEARS ',';'''' - "0 ';' • ' as being WITHOUT AN EQUAL as a Remedy for INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, i . SICK BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, and LIVER COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. - /' • -I -,c., ... . '4-- ,', 4, r 4 • A , mr• , . - 41110- ''''' - M. h.,. . - L 4 , 1$ SA ' '' • " .. .tW44- --'4:: ;'? Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Sold in Bottles at ls. I!d., 2.5. 9d., and lls. each, by all medicine Vendors throughout the World. Ask for "Norton's Camomile Pills." and do not be persuaded to purchase an imitation. Prepared by NORTON'S LTD., 21 Spital Square, London, E.C.) , ____— —.

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 'to a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES TO all irregularities and obstructions. a T`-' remedy which under the most trying LADIES TO circumstances and in the most difficult LADIES TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LAD I ES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD RELIEF, *LA DIES TO GENERALLY IN A FEW HOURS. LADIES TO No case hopeless, failure is simpfr LADIES To Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES TO Hill, Cambetwell, writei : LADIES "By adopting your treatment my TO anxiety and misery was over within LADIES TO twenty-four hours, although for over three LADIES To mon, hs I had been daily taking pills and LADIES To other things in vain. Hall the quantity LADIES you sent prove 3 effective. to my intense TO oy and surprise." LADIES TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES To testimonials and mecticine, which is in- LADIES TO expen,ive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by LADIES post, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any TO case. LADIES TO Full particulars will be gl tdly forwarded LAD lES To to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES To envelope. LADIES Write privately to— TO Mrs. M. M. 11., LADIES TO 145, STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON. S.w LADIES

LADIES I NDISPENSABLE TO LADIES! Particularly those who desire a quick safe and reliable remedyfor all obstructions and irregu- larities, a medicine which cures (usually in s few hours) cases whichhave baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair as the most obstinate &hopeless cases hays been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your invaluable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopeless- ness." A properly certilled guarantee is enclosed with all testi- monials and medicine. One package at 4s. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit ZlOOO for every testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterlyl worthless. Write privately, at once, to—. Id /LID 111.101 E FIEtALIDT, e KADICAL INSTITUTB. HACKNEY ROAD (Osneitite ehoredltch Gharah). !amnion. Ma

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, attez excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer• curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ase. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

POLISHING-A PLEASURE! . WILL NOT 45#4' STEPHENSON's FINGER ?fr. NARK. ,:it. FURNITURE . 1 ,REAM. 1:::.--..:.44f.,4,-;:?:-:::fL*-_-_,,,,,,,..•2.,,,:iii,:c-__,'-::-.,,,,‘ ...........-:.,,..,,,:,0-,,: :-_,.••,-._,..44:4 ti-='!--.:--5:-;-‘ :••••.:.::•:.•• • -,, -,,,,..-_, ....- , : *- - -..- -, 1 • :•---4,---4.77 •:,•,„-:,,•_--y-z-9-; P_ --,:-------4.--,---.,-; =t. • ' 1 ..;:Li,.,,,•.^ - ;' > ' '‘A".'zM:':.!•,::::. Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and Iroitmongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD,

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLO RODYNR. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. pHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to k_.) be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CrLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. OHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests k j those too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery: cHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORuDYNE is the only palliotive in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Menin- gitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ. and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all others sedatives; that it leaves no inipleassut after effects. Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. f I.AUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMI- TATIONS. CAUTION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W, PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th Jaly, 1864. Sold in bottles at is, lid., 2s. 9d., aid 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS —J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell at., Bloomsbury, London.

- - \ \oc.\o\W/tz S*.i,4lE\ " , • \,\ :Not. . fr MUSTY FLAVOR • • , •-s h-4.4 114 • 4 ,",•• „ 1 ' - ' ' _ •4 , 3„ 14 • 4_• 11.4xt, " AMERICAN ROLL TOP DESKS. meg int in Desottn, and of the most ingenious Construction. Suitable for the home, the Library, for Banks, for Public and Private Offices. The Desk is an office in itself. All sizes in oak or walnut. The closing of the top automatically locks all the drawers, Price', iron*, 48 8. 0. upwards. Sole Importer TiiOMAS TURNER, NIINVARIE STRENT, LEICESTER.

The Rugby football match at Glasgow on Saturday between England and Scotland ended in a victory for the Scotclimen by a goal and two tries to nil. At Dub- lin, Ireland defeated Wales by a goal and a try to a dropped goal, and thus won the international champion- ship. Wills Harper, a Liverpool solicitor, was on Saturday sentenced at the Liverpool Assizes to three years' penal servitude for forging deeds inr the transfer of property by means of which he fraudulently obtained between £2,000 and £2,500. Mr. Jclin Burns, M.P., addressing his constituents on Sunday evening, criticised the Workmen's Dwelling Bill as bristling with absurdities, and as likely to be a fruit- ful source of jobbery for the well-to-do ; referred to the proposed pension to the Duke of Camt,tidgFt as a " gross public scandal ;" and deprecated the system of secret diplomacy by which troDps were sent up to Dongol a from Egypt.

0" CASE OF ARMY: AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure ,:ontagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and ex- ernal). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s 9,1 Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (la Methuen) 332 Dean sgate, Manchester. Advice free,

rainigsl.lll3llllllllll/WIIME These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam *N.T.4 of Copaiba, Cubebs or , 4 Injections and cure In .Z ‘ 48 hours the Dame ' ' ' ' ' ' diseases without incon• 'Ai A,..' venience. 4/6 of all Che- ' 47 1-- DI mists. Or post free. , WILCOX • Co., '.. . .; •.. , 289, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W II

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without intern HOOPING COUGH medicine. Of all Chemists price JJOOPING COUGH 48. per bottle. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, GROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

, ~..,. ‘l,'4 . , , ''''''''''' •P,..):14.c, ....1. ....A r-0, ..A...i ~,, , ''., ,„ 1 , . • , 1.1,,,,.. ' , .." ~,,i , , -- ' '''' l' ~ ' ''''• " ' , :%:1,... "' 1 , rt::, , -,,,,' ' ...1 A -,or .-0-:,.::',,',- , ' w ~.q. A '1 .-e, :,: 4,4625Par.5..*::::i1: '. ' -,..:-.. -. . 11.1 , .• 1 ,4 , .:;(Ir, . ~ ..4., if 7 , V . E • : . . ~. .., ~ . ' wkt.. . . . ~.'" Nv l' . VIII PI \\\ ;;;A:....'''''',•‘•'•-\;...----:-.:....\--,;%,..,;...x...A.,) '. t'..;fkit sin i riiiii• 4' , %ill :, • 'll/: 1 ~ ' it. , "-,,,,?,,•:::,* ,•:: 1:::)Z, ',11k.u."4111 ', ~,astulti \IV ) j qjjl! fit i i . ~, :' .' :•, _; \*•-•.: 'le f t 4'l .'l/4\\. "1 1 \ Is 71/ /fp ~i.,„/, . ~...:1..-...,, ,„‘.....\,, ,„ Atli TN ' ifkiiiii th, m4l/7../..py •,• .. L , Nt, , ':....,;•...\.,•).5\ $ . . j 14/1/1 "\' \s:>.n N - -,:,,,,,, i,--_—_-x- 711 I /r; + ' ii=i,T.A.,,. 'ITT"! --a: . , i.3y.;„ ‘......, 5.., 4,,,, \.-,.\ . _ tv,-, / „,s_. ...icam. -.- -,..t..1,-. „............ ,7 7 ... /-• // /- , „,•• ,;1',0,, • 6/ No expense is spared to make our "D.C.L." Yeast perfect both for home use and Bakers' requirements. If you have not tried it send to us for Booklet of Instructions. Sole Manufacturers: THE DISTILLERS Co., Ltd., EDINBURGH. Al ways aLeck for ' a D.C. 1.." s

HOLLO yls PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &a. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bce.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRIS1,102:TBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS IRISH LINEN Guaranteed aH Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; maße special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittino, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41,d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR! SUMMER AND IRISH LINEN IRISH TW all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed 5 EN El\ G WEAR. EED for Strength, DuTabilityr IRISH LINEN y and Style. Please say if for Ladies, or Gents Wear. PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. , ALL PARCELS OVER 20f- CARRIAGE PAID. G.R- HUTTON & CO., LARNE3 IRELAND.

‘ fottleB ‘,,:,. t i; .8. ~,, ..., ~ . Jars ylt 2/9 4/ , ~,,. • ~-, ),..., ~.... , ...., _ _, • . 4,e, ) / ._ ./ (- ~ °* /-7,• I FoRFAR ATHLETIC _ -- 4, iv \ \ • • - ..-,:7:-,:# \ \ 7F))OTBALL trulf' ‘, s, L---.7-5--...,--N .///, ," / •ee / ../ ~. • '6lVen ettire ~ ..A. Aip ^tii ,a.--,_-:-.---- ~„, satisfa.c,tion to .. 1‘ \ [lave,' -,.-- /14. .......... 1 0 \ , 11111 -- - asea it '—' I,' . ~,,,_ „......... t_...._..,..?. i11:‘,., ,„.. /0 tio. ~____ _ ~..,,,7 II ..... ", --0-.-- re/tared 07_7),# ,40,7,.. a 1....„..„ ‘,57., ..:..z..; „_,....-..,,,....-,.„.. , "'"----- . ELLIMAN $ ON Be CO ..,- -,- A\-:) • ~ . Arici!ti---%--'-'' Sloujh ..e-e •.. A 1rfrarivi,dgke.,,,,,,..„„„..::„.....--- .• • . „...,,..1~ 141/4' ENGLAND , ..--,Z ~...,,,r-i- ----7--, , t...--. . . • ASV / ...........; ---.:,,, ...._ ---s-K\ • -•• w .....4.". C../.2,-../ __ '• 1I , .... ' , id 1.5.. C• •

A GOOD FAMILY C}-1 F. STS W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best—Observer. C ocKLE,S FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIous OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. (4. ~ LS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

'ALEXANDRA' HAND SEPARATORS. Make 20 °I. More Butter. Saves Sent on Labour Trial. Time i'r Carriage A,4 Fuel Paid. ,• Space ;•"4i12‘.1 trPL"'",:; and Ao' Utensils. SIZE EASY TO WORK FOR A S. d. No. 12 Lad 16 Galls, per hr. 9 0 0 „ 11i „ 25 „ ~ 14 0 0 8 „ 30 „ „ 1515 0 R. A.LISTE R 8, CO., LTD. DURSLEY, GLOS.

'FOR THE BLOOD IS TIE LIFE" r a re . , • .. WORLD-FAMEDBLOOD IVtIXTU RE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. ' "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated. for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, skin 'ad Blood Disease's, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it remove the cause from the blood and hones. Thousands of T,stimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each, of all Chemists. S.-tit for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors LINCOLN AND ‘III)LAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. B'-ware of Worthless Imitations.

FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. 17111.41.......4.-...a•Andkak.e.4,4,4" ig) I m STOVE 1 RISING, SUri POLISH. F, EASIEST, QUICKEST, C H EAPEST, & 4 4, 'BEST. BLAC)iLEAD: TIXE. WORLD, - .9 In Half the Time, with Half the n Labour, you can produce More o .9. Polish with Two Penny Packets e et ..Z. • of Rising Sun than with Half- Pt% Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. ... p 'A Dmittmpti METAL it 2 ',-rniow uri s. N.) POLISH. - .- 0 'GIVES TOALLKINDS OF METALS A " • BEAUTIFUL. SeT BRILLIANTPOLISH. 5 ll' ' Sold in 3d., 6d. & if- Bottles. No Mixing, No Scratches, Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. 0 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. . .c V'There is no preparation of which we know to equal o -,.". its eseellence."—ENQUlßE WI I'IIIN —3d. per box. 4" ... 0 g 'mAr v. ::,,, c - DOUBLE -" 4 ' UM. 0 STARCH ='- g, ONTAINS IMPROPER PROPORTIONS r; ttbSS.,BORAS •G 01 WAX ,&c & c - ..5!.. REQUIRES no addition or preparation. . t's 1 SAVES Time, Labour, and Uncertainty. 1 PRODUCES Beautiful White Glossy Linen. 2 .., Ask your Grocer to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR 64 Co.. LONDON. E.C.

T HERE IS ONE BEVERAGE SUITABLE for t 1 SEASONS of the YE,'Alt. Amid Spring's ethereal mil, ness. summer's long and sunny days, autumn's golds stores, and especially winter's unkindly blasts, a P OF GOOD cOFFEE is ever acceptable. It kJ cheers and enlivens the robust, it stimulates and nerves the invalid. VRENCH COFFEE has ever had the highest 1 reputation, and it is therefore satisfactory to know that an English house of high reputation such as Messrs. BAR- BER'S can supply us with the luxury of the finest FRENCH COFFEE as used in Paris, roasteA ott the French principle, and most carefully blended in proper proportions with the best Burges chicory, "so highly recommended ty the faculty." This luxury is sold in canister complete at One Shilling per Pound, or Two Pound Tins free by post for 2s. 6d. to every post town in the United Kingdom and Charnel Islands. Large parcels carriage frte. AIESSRS. BARBER'S HIGH-CLASS TEAS and COFFEES are much APPRIRCIATED.—Vide " Court Journal," September 21st 1895 Price list sent free. ill BISHOPSGATE STKEET, E.C. ; 274, Regent k_ll, Circus, W. ; 102, Westbourne Grove, W. ; Brighton I and Birmingham.

rro CYCLISTS. TWO GOOD LINES IN CYCLES - Dp EFORM " COVENTRY High-Grade Mount,. XL weight 271bs, with best detachable Tyres, £lO 17s. 6d. 66 SPECIAL " LADIES, Best "detachable TyreSr weight 301bs. £lllos, J. 0. GARLAND, I3RI D E-STREET, WARRINGTON. Large Stock of Premiers, Exc3lsiors. and New Rapids. Several second-hand Machines, cheap.

HALTON. JUVENILE MISSIONARY MEETING.—This meeting waS held in the Wesleyan Sunday School on Sunday after- noon, under the presidency of Mr. William istbury. Missionary addresses were delivered by Messrs. A. Rowe, C. H. Smith, T. Leathwooci, W. Looker, F. Hankey,and J. Clarke. Several musical items were agreeably inter- spersed. A quartette entitled " Sweet Galilee," was wel rendered by Miss M. Newbury and Miss C. Looker, M C. P. Bradbury and Miss P. Rowlinson. The Misses . and A Looker contributed a duet " Hiding in Thee," and Miss Pheebe Barrow a solo. Mr. Sutton was the ac-' companist. The senior superintendent of the school (Mr. H. Rowe), distributed a number of prizes to the missionary collectors. WESLEY GUILD.—" A LADIES' EVENING."—The Rev.o De Putron Gliddon presided at a meeting held in connec tion with this guild on MJnday evening, when the pro- gramme was provided by the lady members of the guild. There was a gcod attendance, and the proceed- ings were of a most enjoyable character. The pro- gramme included recitations by Miss A. Hankey, Mrs. Aitken, Miss Baguley, and Miss Boys. Miss Rowe cor- tributed a reading. The vocal items were duets by ti Misses C. and A. Looker, Miss M.Newbury, and Miss A. Sanders, and Mrs. Moores and Miss Howard, also a sole by Mrs. Faulkner. The duties of accompanists were fulfilled by Mrs. Gliddon and Miss Boys.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranTEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost fOt worT HET H. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction(Titroauss hitherto by thee() TEETII. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DExTun. BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, AIOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. NO. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CUURCH-STREET, ST. lIELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY4I RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS. BRIDGE-BT. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST,

BIRTH. CLARKE.—Margb 13th, at 13. White-street, the wife of MP James Clarke of a 8011. MARRIAGES. RICHARDS—STOREY—March 7, at the Parish Church, War rington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Joseph Richards to AO Jane f-itorey. FENroN---Iloscow —March 7. at the Parish Church, Warring' ton, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Abraham Fenton to Amen, Boscow. ARDERN—HESKETEI—Mareh 7, at the Parish Church, Warring' ton, by the Rev. Canon Willis, James Henry Ardern Emma Hesketh. DEATHS. CHANTLEY.—On the 12th inst,at Wilderspool Causeway, ages 72 years, James Lawton Chantler. MooßEs —March 4, at Back William-street, Warrington, HILO' both Moores, aged 74 years. SwisrDELLs— March 7, at Winwick-road, Warrington, Janie. Swindells, aged 73 years. POLLITT—March 8, at Forshaw-street, Warringtoa. Pollitt, aged 57 years. IN MEMORIAM. In loving memory of our dear mother, Ann Vernon. wielo/ of Richard Vernon, ‘Oso died at 127, Mersey-street, Warring' ton, March 15th, 1895. Deeply loved.

ESTABLISHED 1858. E. AUKLAND, SRNR. MO AI NUmEN, MASON AND SCULPTOR, LEGIT-STREET AND 180, MANWIRSTER-ROAD, (Near Cemetery entrance). WARRINUTON. Stone worked by steam power. Designs and estimates WO free. Monuments, Headstones, Crosses, tte.. always in 5t,005. The cheapest firm in town for porcelain and China Wrest &., to imitate natural flowerl Harps, notice. 8A illsdoi Crosses,ngG l oe ix) Aee csn, and edodr sso, aHtahae ere tmatch. All kinds of lettering Ow —A
