===== 0002601_18961121_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING!

3HA.PELS, COMPA.NIES LIDS,

AN OFFICES

OW 4.141..

Rims of Sale es for Concerts

Building, and Time Sheets and Totes, Bill Head dbills, dce.

smen, and other quested to give

now-a-days y e3I economy the public to )octeties. Trade cinpanies in the o ShGet3, U.; ad Choir Con- iged

PLIC kRD.

lovember 4th. !HERS' AND

s. d. s. d. ...0 0-0 3 . 0 0 0 2 ) 0 0— 0 1 ) 0 0-0 1 ;h 0 0 0 2 , 0 0 0 6 i; 3 01 3 3* . 0 o_o 6 18 0 0 1

. 9—o Of )0 O-0 0 6 0— 0 0 0 0— 0 0 t 0 0 0 8 'k 0 0— 0 0 ;b0 0 0 3 b 0 0- 0 0 s 0 0— 0 Of . 0 0-0 4 • 0 0— 0 Of . 0 0-9 0 . 61 0-67 6 55 0--E5 0 t; 4g 825? 3 0 o_l 0 , 0 0-0 0 „ 0 o_o 5 0 0-0 5 , 0 0— 0 8 1 6-1 8 „ 0 0-1 6 „ 0 5-0 0 h 0 4 0 6 t0...0 0-1 0 b.O 0 1 6 E3tcho 0-1 0 0 0-1 0

.0 0-- 0

....0 0 0 - 1 lb 0 0 ... 8

y, but may be

hand the coat for

it moderate

ttendant e,

ierto by the aid de.

,C,'oo gallon.

TS ON

===== 0002601_18961121_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET

STREET,

t Mrs. MEBB

3, SANKEY-EIT

RIDGE-ST.

LRUARKST-EIT.

ish Chnrch. War - Ham Henry Pall

2, Pacigate Lane. 1 beloved wife of

Varrl n gton , Clars

I, arringt4n, Salle

Warringtotu

reet, Warringtoo

Varrington, Mita

ad, WA rringtoilt

;TON ). Co,

EA.SONS. onuments.Torty-04 :nite, 111nrb1e, 6

RXESTING

:..___._,

IN 5. Ilfivesev-at";:d. i. 3 eo 3' reet, it.`"

NO. 919 REGISTERED FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

Offfriai go t tres.

j TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET.

Slaughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. Offers for sale a large quantity of BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION, Highly recommended for Roots and Grass. xteetlcesbeld for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, Om, And removed any reasonable dist.inces. . 0410.1130 PUNCTU4IAT 417BATDED TO

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 15000. JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"BXAMINIAR" OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS FOR

ADELAIDE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. W HITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NW YORK, direst every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNES- DAY.

IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. PTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW zgm,,AND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY-STREK, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1896

===== 0002601_18961121_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECULUMS !

MEN'S SUITS,

to Measure, 375, 6D.

MEN'S TROUSERS „

- MI4--- ..inlIN'W OVERCOATS.,

HIGH-CLASS MATERIALS.

10s. 6D. 255.

THOROUGHLY SHRUNK. THB VALUE IS RBMARKABLB. Give them a Trial. Tll MAN Cfi ESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HOR,(sEMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

DUNVILLIVS OLD IRISH WHISKY - -

Has gained SEVENTEEN MEDALS at various great Inter- national Exhibitions.

It is sold by every respectable dealer in the world. Quota- nous on application to the Mead 0 Mem Belfast. x

===== 0002601_18961121_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE ONE PENNY

GRAPHIC ACCOUNT OF A VISIT TO A

NIANCHESTER PALACE OF INDUSTRY.

The Pressis the most powerful lever of modern civilisation. the pulsations of thought, words, and actions cabled each I day, flashed from every quarter of the globe, are conveyed to ' the human brain by means of the Press. This constitutes the Press the most interesting the most instructive, and the most fascinating invention and production of the ne.,ch of In- tellect. Kings. Emperors, and Governments have been swept from power by means of the Press. Both geod and evil owe much to the influence of the Press. The newspaper forms the chief source of delight, of Interest, and of instruction at 1 the m -wning breakfast-table. If the newspaper suddenly ceased to exist, then half the enjoyment of the world would cease also. Even the advertisement columns form a source of pleasure to many readers. The ladies carefully examine their Society papers for fashions; sales of milinery and dress- goods have special ieterest for the ladies. It was whilst care- fully noting the heads of different advertisements that 1 was attracted by the unique anuouncement of a Gigantie Fur- nishing Establishment at GAYTHORN, Manchester. I determined, after consultation with my wife, e) proceed. to" 7be Pantheon." ct Gaythorn, in order to test the accu- racy of this advertisement. Accordingly we set out, and eventually reached Piccadilly. We made straight for the, "Royal Hotel," at the corner of Mosley-street, and after in- quiry we then took a ear bound for Alexandra Park, which' we were informed. passed the very door of "The Pantheon' at Gaythorn, which is close to the Central Station. We recpsested the guard to stop the car at " Worsley's." On arriving there we found that " The Pantheon "wan a palatial structure, being nothing less than an Immense Warehouse, with huge plate-gless windows forming a frontage over 100 feet. We had ,lo..rdly pti nce to examine the wiedows, so grea4 was our anxiety to exam i • the interior. An icipation Is often more enjoyable than re.. isation, but in this case rea- lisation altogether overwhelmed our anticipation. Our visit to " The Pantheon" proved to be most enjoyable. Upon examining the windows our attention was riveted upon a magnifieent display of Clippendale Furniture, beautifully carved in

BAS-RELIEF. It is the Finest Exhibition of Furxiture of this cllss that I have ever seen. The Cabinets are original in design, and from what we learned afterwards are the very latest— specially drawn and manufactured for Worsley's. I also xotioed some very high class Pollard Oak Furniture for the dining-room, magnificent specimens of bedroom furniture, besides a miscellaneous collection of household requirements. There were many other specimens of furniture on show; but we shall now proceed inside the premises and attempt to give a brief description of what we saw there. Upon passing through the entrance we were immediately struck with amazement by tn.

GORGEOUS DISPLAY. The ground floor of this establishment we were in- formed, had just been re-modelled and re-furnished. My wife immediately expressed astonishment and admiration at the very unique display of the most beautiful and exquiite furnitnre we have ever seen. Magnificent specimen, of bed- room fu niture of the very highest class, at 75, 85, 100, and 150 guineas. We saw the most perfect, the most charming, the most delightful bedroom suites in Chippendale mahogany that it has ever been our pleasure to inspect. Prices rule from the very lowest for Chippendale furniture from 10 to 60 guineas. We have paid visits to the best establishments in and around Manchester, but certainly no establishment in my experiences has such a collection of high-class furnitnae as Worsley's have. We. therefore, ooncluded that we were in an establishment for the rich only, but we soon disabused our minds of that idea upon inspecting the tremendous stock which Is here displayed throughout the various gigantic showrooms. Worsley's cater for the working man, the tradesman, and the merchant with the long purse. Their stock is so immense that you can buy a bedroom suite for £3 155., or you can pur. chase one for 180 guineas. Continuing our inspection of the ground floor, I must mention that the place is beautifully lighted by electricity. You can, therefore, see everything distinctly. The powerful light would soon lay bare any defects, if any existed. Specimen suites of Dining-room Furniiure in pollard oak, specimen suites of Dining-room Furniture in Chippendale mahogany of the most delightful design were marked in plain figures at extremely low prices. Our next attraction was the Carpet Showroom upon the (AMP floor. The display did credit to the gentleman who is in charge of this 'department, and was remarkable in some Instances for the delicate and artistic prlsm4ic effects, while in other cases they present a gorgeous embellishment of delightful hue and brilliance. I noticed that the best productions of the newest patterns for next spring have actually been secured already, and we were given to understand that the next spring's patterns have not yet been shown to any compltitore in the ordin- ary way. We noticed the following prices • Five-frame Brussels,2s aid per yard; special Brussels at 28 4kcl per yard; extra Cut line Brussels, 2s 7id per yard ; superior Brussels at 2s 11Id per yard ; best Five-frame PrllfiSelti at 3s 6d per yard: British-made Axminsters at 3s 3d and 3s 6d per yard: best Royal Axrninsters at 3s 11frd per yard (we have noticed these at 5s 1101 retail in other establishments) ; beat all- Wool Aristos at 5s 6d per yard; the Crompton Axminster at Is lid per yard. The Crompton Axminster is specially recommended as the finest carpet extant, the most beautiful designs, and the loveliest colours procurable. The Princess Seamless Axminster Squares, 12ft by 9ft, at £4 198 9,1. We afterwards took the trouble of comparing the prices as shewn In this department with the prices on other carpet displays In Manchester and district, and the result of our investiga- tions proved to us conclusively that Worsley's carpets as quite 30 per cent below the ordinary retail prices. Worsley's oric-es aro wholesale prices.

wE PROCEEDED UPSTAIRS. The first sYowroom is the Dining-room Furniture Showroom. Sideboards are placed in corridors, with the suites in the centre. We were astonished at the immense variety and the tremendous stock of furniture. Sideboards. with plate-glass backs, are here exhibited at 355., £2 ss, 3 guineas, and 4 guineas; the most extraordinary value, in walnut, mahogany,and oak. Magnificent productions in pol- lard oak at 30 guineas, 35 guineas, 40 guineas. and 60 guineas will show at once the imm-nse variety of the stock. Dining- r ,om Suites, of whicn there are over 150 on show, start from £4155., and go on step by step up to 75 guineas; they are up e olstered in all kinds of materials—velvets, p-gamoid,aud. meroccos Overmantels to match the Sideboaris are also on show. Pining TaLles from 255. to £25. We have paid visits to many furnishing establishments, but the prices fixeu to cull article at Woraeley's simply dety.bewilder,and pulverise any possible competition. We understand every Suite is guar- anteed,and the money will be returned if any reasonable ob- jection be found with them after delivery. worsley's eschew the Jerry furniture makers,and will only trade with manufactures who will guarantee them against loss if it is to be found faulty. We were next conducted to the new Piano Saloon, which is one of the latest additions to " The Pantheon," and has bean reconstructed during the month of October. It has been doubled in size, and forms one of the most attractive features of" The Pantheon." Here we found a magnificent collection of Musical lnstrnments, both new and ,:econd- hand, by all the best makers, at wonderfully low prices. Second-hand Pianos to suit the working class from the very low price of 30s, £2 1 5,.£3 10s, £5, up to £lO. We next saw a colledion of a better doss of seeonci-hand. Pianos ranging from £lO to £2O ; any quantity to select 'from. From this point we now inspected a most wonderful collection of new instruments, all marked at wholesale prices. We were con- vinced upon examination that these instruments are unite 25 per cent less than the retail mnsic-seller's .price Primes by Kirkman, Neumeyer, Bechstein. finpkiuson, may te pur- cnased for 28 guineas. We should strongly advise anyone requiring a good pisnofore to visit Worsley's before pur- chasing.

DAZZLING A PPEARANCE. The Bedstead Showroom at Woreley's presents an ap- pearance of a sea of nt gold. Magnifice specimens of the brassworkera' art are here displayed to perfection. Brass Bed- steeds may be urchased from Zse to £35.. Brass and Iron Bedsteads from 6s St. to 50s. Of course WorsleY's cater for all cl.sses in this department, just as we have described in the other departments. There is the common Iron Bedstead for half a guinea. There is the magnificent and latest pro- duct! n of Hoskins and Sewell for 40 guineas. A Persian ,Bed- stead. enamelled all brass, complete with beaatlful set of drapery and Shetland wool overlay, can be se,ured for a 1784 d. Worsley's have ore, 2,000 kedsteade in stock, nearly the whole of which;we undtrstand.were sec,ired before the advance in prices. We understand also that Worsley's cater for Hospitals and Institutions at a specially reduced scale: Continuing our round a inspection, we were next conducted to the showroom specially devoted to 11-dioom Furniture. We can confidently assert that the display of furniture for bedrooms at Woraley's is the mot wonderful collection to he seen in the whole North of England. Tiv.l visitor is struck by what appears to be miles of corridors of Bedroom Suites. Tut; wardrobes of each suite stand shoulder to shoulder like a

REGIMENT OF SOLDIERS. Access to each of the Suites is quite a simple matter, sufficient spece being allowed in corridors for examination and inspection. There are Suites at £3 155., £4 155., £5 1)13- 2615 s , £7 155., 1/ guineas, 12 guineas, 14 guineas, up to 50 guineas. The working man, to whom economy is of the most vital importance, can be suited here quite as well as the merchant. Suites in solid walnut Dressing-table, Washstand Chairs, Pedestal, and Tevrel-rail, are bupplled as 8 and 9 guineas per Suite, Money returned if not satisfactory. and guaranteed for 10 years. For £2O you can obtain a wonder- fully cheap Suite of F Tniture in the very latest style, beauti- fully carved, solid throughout in either walnut or Clipßendale mahogany. We aso noticed an immence collection of Wardrobes in all kinds of wood, from the painted Wardrobe of 35s up to the huge Spanish mahogany Wardrobe, 71t long, at 18 guineas, 2. guineas, and 25 guineas. Dreasin!ptabler. and Washstands painted at 12s 6d. 18s 6d, 455, and £3 5s The next Showroom we ...ere conducted to was one im- mediately next to "The Pantheon," over the " Albion Mille." It is crammed jam-full of t!econrs-band Furniture of a miscel- laneous character, where if you want ft cheap lot you will have no difficulty in finding it. The lirvt lot of Furniture to attract our attention was the Office Furniture. There is an immense stock of all kinds of Desks—Flat-top Desks wit four-legs from 20s, t lat top Desks on pedeAal drawers front' 22 15s, Register Desks from 5 guineas, Cylinder Desks 6 guineas. Stand-up Office Desks from 2 guineas ; but the most inaportan, of all is the splendid stock of American Desks, The prices attached to these Desks would almost make one think that they are being

===== 0002601_18961121_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISH AT WORSLEY'S LTD

"THE PANTHEON." GAYTHORN, 111 ANC PESTER (Telephone 1,481) And at "The Pantheon." NV e.tgate-areltde. Westgate, Bradford. All City-road ca,-s pass Worsley's. Business hours :

Manchester, 9 to 7; Bradford,-9 to 8; Saturday, 9 to 9 (Eatablis ed 1841.)

===== 0002601_18961121_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
BY POST 70 per Quarter, 65.6d.per Annum 15.9 d per Quarter credit

TEETH. TEETH.

TEETH.

DENTISTRY.

All cenhultations frri.

Gold and other fillings at T. moderate charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants.

Painless Extraction as hitherto by the a Nitrous Oxide,

TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 11.000 gall s weekly.

Exors, of th lath

J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST BY RI.)

MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET

(NAT TEL. No. 1660),

LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET.

ST. HELENS, GEORGE-BTREET,

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST.

W HERE ECONOMY COMES Li' Is by purchasing the Bost for the least outlay.

A SELECTION FROM THE MANCIIESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT'S STOCK OF MEN'S, YOUTHS', and BOYS' OVERCOATS WILL PROVE AN ECONOMICAL INVESTMEN FOR ALL.

LADIES' REAL TAILOR-MADE

40 TO

,101.7; _

ALE El ?IATIS3I

EADE'S PILLS.

The M.O.D. hnve a Large and Varied Stock of

_ OVERCOATS AND SUITS,

WARRINGTON,

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIV ATI;

TEETH. Applintments unnecessary, but may arranged. TEETH • rrEETiI. Bach patient informed beforehand the for work required.

EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MEE

WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST

NORTHWICII, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLBMARKBT-82

8 AND 10, El ORSEMARKET STRE.Itr, WARRINGTON. FOR

GARMENTS C. JACKSON HOLMES, MERCHANT TAILOR, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Agent for the Cast T?ubber Co.. Ltd. LADIES' ArD dENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. pRADY-MADB OR MADE TO ORDER, IN THE LATEST STYLE. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS TO SELECT FROM., WATERP ROOF GOODS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

LADIES' BEST FRIEND LADIES MAYF lELD LILLY'S GREAT 4s. 6d. LADIES FEMALE MEDICINE. Posit LADIES Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO," 48. 65. ; Post Free 4/6 LADIES RAPIDLY REMOVES 011STRUO- LADIES TIONS, HOWEVER LADIES OBSTINATE. LADIES

Post Free.

LADIES THE ONLY POSITITE REMEDY. 4../6 LADIES rllO my sex who require a positive rod LADIES 1 and never-failing remedy for Free. LADIES all ladies' requirements, speedily 4/6 LADIES removes all obstractions and irreg LADIES ularities, especially in difficult and Post LADIEb long-standing Cases; never fails tx) Free. LADIES have the desired effect. LADIB3 Great Chart-st., Eaet-road. 4/6 LADIES Dear MADAME.

Post- -1 ADIES Before I had finished taking 'Free. LADIES one bottle of " Orusoso ""it " had 4/6 LAIN ES the desired effect after twelve weeks LAD iES of worry and anxiety. I will al- Post LA T (RS ways highly recommend it to my Free. LADIES friends as an EXCELLTXT RSAIEDY 4 ki LADIES for which I cannot thank you LADIES enough. Post LADIES YOUrd respectfully, Free. LADIES Mrs. 5. 4/6 LADIES Address in confidence, LADIES THE LILLY HERBAL Post LADIES REMEDY CO. Free, LADIES (A.. G.), COLSTON-SU-MET, 4/6 LADIES BRISTOL. Ladies' Handy Illustrated Special Guide. Free 23. sealed.

FADE'S PILLS, EADB.s PILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S priris. have recourse to BADE'S PILL& Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S puxs. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADB'S pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very pILLs. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in. their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB TER WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. " 16,Bortnn-creseent Dewsbury..roid. Leeds, May End. 1894. "Dear Sir, —lt is with unttounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT p:aiSe of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had -11 HB UMA TIS YE Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GrtOIJT I had the doetor, rinci he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHRUMAT IS M The Lext spring I had another aback. and was persuaded by a (PUT friend to try your Pills. I did so. and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM my being laid np again. Ever since, when I have nad the least Gtli UT pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pills. and I have been all right again RIIB UM A S M direct)Y . I WOULD NOT BB WITHOUT GOUT THEM. IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE, HBUM ATISM You are quite at liberty to make 11. what use you like of this, and V.e't OUT shall be pleased to answer any .;4" poor sufferer who cares to write. HRUMATISM rue (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you every success, Yours truly,

ALERRT Morrramn BADE'S GOUT AND RIIEUMATIO PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. Ifd. and 2s. 91. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSIVELL-BOAD, ILO. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND REHM MATIC PILLS.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND • DECORATORS. fl MORBLL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,BloomsbIL ury. W.C. Cheapest House in London for Bngliah and Foreign Pictnre-Frama and Room Moulding, Venef red and Fancy Wood Mouldings.dc. Wholesale Carvers and miner and Mount Cutter. Regildiug. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pub- lished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six. ponny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram BBITRY, London."

JUST THINK! When you purchase Clothing from the MANCHESTER TAILORING AND - CLOTHING You are buying direct from the Makers, and SAVING A RETAILER'S PROFIT!

At Low Prices, for the Coming Season. 8 AND 10 ORSEMARKET SIRE

===== 0002601_18961121_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
2 c i)() 'C : ALL'S' PATENT S 14] I,F-R A SI IN-Gr FLOUR MAKES THE PASTRY

/104.WLANDS' NfACASSAR MI, is the only reliable and genuine tireserver and beautifier of the hair ; it prevents it Idling off or trning grey, anil eradic ites Scue.n.i Dandriff Is also Sold in it Golden Colon- for fair haired latii,s and children. Bottle 3. 3s. 6d., 71 ; 103. Ed. equal to tour small. pRO',,V,ANDS' ODONTO is the best, an dentifrice which can be used, AP it contains no acid, mineral or gritty ngredients ;it whitens ttn• teeth, nrevents and arrests decay and sweetens the breatli 9d per box, 5.1,1 by Chemist, Perfilm,rs and Stores ; can be sent po3t fret by A. Powtar n SONi, 20, Hit'ton Garden, S•ondon, on receipt of advertised prices in postal order.

Til

And then she saw a head appear above the top of the wall, and the head was followed by the figure of a man.

She strained her gaze, bat could not discern the features of the strange intruder. The man lingered on the top of the wall a moment, appearing to listen, and then he cautiously descended, by way of the vines, to the ground. Then he halted in the garden, close in the shadow of the high wall. Dora's heart seemed in her throat.

"It can't be Warner," she thought, trembling. "The man cannot be a burglar. If he were a friend to the Narrs, he would ring at the gate. He has come to see me 1"

The man silently quitted the shadow of the wall, and came nearer, studying the features of the house.

Dora had no light, and from his position none was visible in the dwelling. The cottage, indeed, seemed silent and deserted.

The intruder suddenly marked the open win- dow, and stole closer and closer, halting in the shadow of the tree before it.

For the first time Dora saw him fully. With difficulty she restrained the wild cry of joy that arose to her lips. The intruder was the young Squire Weir. Dora leaned out of the window, calling softly and impulsively: " Noel I 0, Noel 1" "Dora 1" exclaimed a quick, glad voice. "I have found you, then? Heaven be praised "How was it possible for you to trace me here, Noel ?" cried Dora, thrilling with her great joy. "I feared you had gone home. I feared you had left me to these people, not daring to contest their claim on me. Oh, I have been so lonely, so miser- able, Noel !"

"-My poor Dora," said the young squire, ten- derly and pityingly. "And you thought I could desert you? I have searched for you everywhere, and only yesterday thought it possible that the Narrs might have taken you out of town. I went to all the railway stations, and at the Waterloo got trace of you, by great good fortune. And here I ao, Dora."

"1 might have known you would not desert me, Noel. It is wonderful how you found me. lam so glad I" "And so am I. Where are the Narrs !" "In the back basement."

"Good'! I have no keys, but it will go hard if I do not find some way to rescue you. First of all, however, I must get nearer to you" "But how ?" questioned Dora, I.nxiously. The young squire cast a quick glance around him. The tree, one great branch of which stretched like an arm before Dora's window, caught his gaze. He scanned it, measured distances with his eyes, and then moved toward it.

no -is come • anThe wants to see you. Will go down to the parlour, or will you see him here? As she asked the question she looked around the neat chamber, as if to examine into its fitness for a reception-room. _

-- • "1 am conning up to you, Dora," he said." Keep watch for us both."

He commenced to climb the tree, soon gaining a foothold among the thick branches. In a few Minutes more he was upon the branch by her window, and so close to hcr that Dora could see the lustre of his eyes and hear his quick breath- ing. She held out her hand to him. _ . _

Tfie bed was set in an alcove, and hidden by curtains of white dimity. The room itself had always served as a lady's private sitting-roorn, and was well adapted for the purpose. "1 decline tosee him at all," said Dora, spiritedly. "I dislike Mr. Warner, and I have no wish to hear any more insults from his lips. If you are my mother—as you claim—you will irotect me from the foul presence of this man." Mrs. Narr frowned.

lie took it and pressed it to his lips. "1-low pale you are !" he said, anxiously. "The Narrs have not iil-treated.you, Dora ?" "Not particularly, but I have been kept shut up here till tills arternooa. The door is locked now. They do not fear that I can escape; and in- deed it would be a difficult undertaking for me alone !" "Has—has Warner been here yet 7" questioned the young squire.

"This is pretty talk to your mother I" she ejacu- lated. "You are my daughter, you are a minor, and consequently obliged by law to obey me; and I command you to receive Mr. Warner as my friend, if not as your own. Things have come to a fine pass, I think, when daughters, if they have been adopted out by a fine family that turned 'en: out poor and helpless, attempt to dictate to their mothers. You have got to see Mr. Warner or you'll regret it—that's all 1" Dora's cheeks flushed with indignation. Yet she controlled herself admirably. "I am in your power, "Mrs. Narr," she said, coldly. "Since I must see your friend,' I will see him here.'

"No; but he is coming, I judge, trom what Mrs. Narr says. She expected him last night, and has been looking for him all day. It was at his ling- gestion this house was taken." Noel's face darkened. His broad brows con- tracted, and he compressed his lips firmly. "And you are in the power of auch wretches as these ?" he cried, indignantly. "Dora, you must leave this pestilential how* this very night. You will not hesitate t.) go with me ?" "Hesitate r cried Dora, in surprise. "How could Have you not said you will be my brother, NoPl. ? Papa trusted you, and so do I I" She put up both her hands to him with a trust- ful look, adding : " rake me away from here, Noel. If I stay here longer, thus threatened, I shall die." "I will take you," the young man said, promptly, and with a quick energy. "Where you will find refuge we will decide afterward. Do you think, with my assistance, you can step out on this branch, and so climb down to the ground ?" "Easily, Noel. Shall I try now?" "You may. Yon can climb the wall by the aid of the vines and with my help, and I can easily lower you to the ground outside. There, give me your hand, Dora." "Lot me get my hat first," said the girl. She crossed the fl,)or, and put on her hat and saeque, then returned to the window. "I hear DO noise in the house," she said, in a whisper. "They are still down stairs. Heaven is helping us, Noel." She slid her hand in his, and stood up on the window sill, Noel gently supporting her. " This way, Dora," he said, tenderly. "Lean on me."

"And you'd better be polite to him," warned Mrs. Narr, shaking her head threateningly. "You are only the daughter of poor parents, and your fine-lady airs won't /AU here. Just forget that Squire Chessom and his wife ever adopted you, and made much of you, and bear in mind that you are only Dora Narr, and not much at that." With this she retired from the raom.

Dora retreated again to the window. A minute later, the door again opened, and Felix Warner came slowly and hesitatingly into the chamber.

Dora regarded him in surprise. All his smoothness and assurance seemed gone. He was pale and dejected, and appeared to be in deep trouble. His eyes drooped before her bright glances, and his manner was at once anxious, humble, and deprecating. His new character, however, sat well upon him. His deep melancholy, as perhaps he knew, was becoming to him. _ _

He ha li left Saltair on the previous day, as has been said, and had slept in London the previous night. This day, at the close of which he had now called upon Dora, had been spent by him in the vicinity of the Surrey farm, of which Jack Narr had formerly been sub-tenant, and in a close investigation of the affairs of the Naffs. He had made various discoveries, and now, when be stood before the young girl the picture of sorrow and humility, he was at heart glad and exultant. He paused near the door, and raising his eyes in seeming timidity, exclaimed in a voice of deepest melancholy.:

But Dora suddenly trembled in alarm. The sound of approaching wheels had caught her hearing. What if it should be Warner ?" she asked, in a frightened voice.

"At this hour? Impossible. Yet you can wait till the cab passes, Dora." The sound became louder and louder, and sud- denly ceased abruptly. The cab had halted at the gate of the Black Cottage. _ _

"Dora—" " Miss Chessom, if you please, sir 1" said Dora, 'with spirit. lie came a step near, and looked at her as in anguished pleading. Dora drew closer to the window. Her radiant brown eyes were like glowing stars. The rose tint in her cheeks flickered like a red flame behind an alabaster shade. Pure and dainty and sweet, with a rare and glorious loveliness, she was as much above Warner as an angel is above a demon. He seemed to feel the distance between them, and made as though he would have knelt to her. "Dora," he said, in a broken voice, "I have come back to crave your forgiveness for that cowardly insult of the other day. I did it in a mowent of madness. Forgive me." And now he actually sank on his knees at her feet, and lifted his pleading face, on which were tears.

"It is Warner I" cried Dora, in a panic, as a loud ring was heard at the gate. "We are too late, Noel. We must wait."

She loosened herself from his grasp, and slipped back into the room.

Noel slid along the branch, and ensconced him- self in the deepest shadows of the tree. A sound was heard of bolts being undone, and Mrs. Narr went out with a lantern, and opened the gate to the new-comer.

As Dora had thought, the intruder was Felix Warner.

CHAPTER XXIX. PITT TO THE PROW/.

The arrival of Felix Warner at that late hour at Black Cottage, and so ai4expeetedly to Dora and the young Kin ire, of course itirrupted and deferred the young girl's projected escape. " Was thero ever anything so inopportune?" sighed Dora, as Warner disappeared with Mrs. Narr within the door of the dwelling. "What shall we do, Noel ?" " Wait and see what the villain wants," replied Noel, from his sheltered nook amidst the thick foli- age of the trees. "He cannot want to see me ?” said Dora, on- ions] y and uneasily. " I think he will call upon you." Dora began to tremble. Noel could see how white her face grew, as she leaned against the window, looking up plealingly at him. "If I could only be spared this meeting I" she murmured. _

rine young :quire's heart yearned toward her. "My pool. little Dora l" he whispered. "Be brave. Remember lam near you, and I shall be ready at your call to spring in at the window to your aid. And as soon as he goes, we will make our escape. Can't you keep up your courage a little longer ?" The girl nodded assent, and her countenance grew brave and calm. She went back into the room and removed her hat and sacque, and then, returning to the win- dow, leaned against the frame, and looked out upon her lover with softly shining eyes. She was standing there, when her door was un- locked, and Mrs. Narr entered, bearing a light. "You have not gone to bed, Dora?' she asked, in a harsh, peremptory voice holding the light above her and peering at the bed. " Ah, no 1 Ihere you are at the window a-mooning I" She set down the candle and advanced toward the maiden.

Dora dropped the thin lace curtains, thus screen- ing the open window, and moved a few steps to- ward the centre of the room. •

The woman eyed her critically. "You'll do," she muttered. "You are looking even better than usual, with them blushes on your cheeks. Someone has come !"

"1 know it," said Dora, quietly. "I 8,1V7 him— Mr. Warner."

"Oh 1 you did? I never saw a man who loved a girl as he loves you, Dora. He has traced you here—"

_ " You mean," interposed Dora, "that you sent him words of my whereabouts." The woman looked at Dora sharply, and then broke into a boisterous laugh. "You keep your eyes open, Dora," she ex- claimed, admiringly. "Well, I wOO% det.y that I've sent him word where to fiud us, for a kiuder, ^isiller-anoken gentleman I never aw And au

He was a splendid actor. He might have made his fortune on the stage, since he acted the character he has assumed—that of the heart-broken, repent- ant sinner—to the life.

Dora was bewildered. Yet, somehow, she felt vaguely his insincerity, and shrank from him. "You had better rise," she said, coldly. "Kneel to your Maker, not to your fello, -mortal." "My place is at your feet," groaned Warner. "I will never rise until you have forgiven me. Can you not make allowances for me, Dora? le there no tender pity for me in your soul? I was mad when I insulted you. It all came from my accursed pride. Can you ever make allowances for me ?"

"I don't think I can," replied Dora, dryly. "But hear my defence," he urged. "I come of a proud family—the Champneys of Charnpney Mere. They are a haughty old race, and—and I was afraid of my cousin, whose heir I am, Lord Champney. I had told his lordship that I loved Mine Chessom, of Chessom Grange, Sussex, and had told him that she came of a good family and was of gentle blood. He gave his consent, which I asked as a matter of form, to our marriage. And then came your letter to me, declaring your right- ful parentage. You can never know what a shock that was to me—never I"

He paused, as if he were choking with emo- tion.

"Was it not a shock to me ?" asked Dora, with a mournfnl.pathos. "I lost home, name, friends, a position in the world, a tender father, and a lover, all at one blow."

"No wonder you thought I deserted you, Dora, and all the while I loved you better than I loved my life" said Warner, humbly. "My love and my pride battled, but my love won. I went to London, determined to plead for our immediate marriage. I entered your lodgings in time to hear Narr protesting, while half intoxicated, that he should make a speculation of your marriage. A horror and disgust of your relatives came over rue. Before that disgust had worn off I had in- sulted you, as you know but too well. Dora, I went back to Saltair a miserable, heart-broken man. I would that I had die, before I had alien- ated from me the priceless boon of your love. have you no pity for me? Does not your heart soften to my repentance ?" "Did your heart soften to my sorrow and des- pair when you found me with the Narrs in Lon- don?" demanded Dora, sternly, her proud, high- bred face severe in its purity and calm rebuke. " You found me with people of whom I knew nothing, save that they claimed to be my parents. I had uothing in common with th,•ni. In that hour I could have turned to you as a child turns to its rightful _home—but YOLI re:nilsed .ssim_t it

Inc you loved, Fe;ix Warner—not plain Doris sat —but the supposed heiress of Squire Chessom, the well-connected young lady." "By Heaven—no! The Chessoms are well enough, Dora, but even you, innocent as you are of the laws of society, must know enough of social caste to comprehend that the Chessoms could not afford an equal match with a Member of the house of Champney ! It was the low connections I shrank from—that vulgar, drinking couple below, with their career as fugitives from justice. Believe me, Dora, I am not so bad as you think me !"

"You need not defend yourself to me, Mr. Warner. I have no longer a personal interest in your character or thoughts.'' Warner did not seem to hear her. He con- tinued:

to ram u! short, Mr. Warner, as these state- ments show, I never loved you! There was a time when you might have won my love, but that time is past. Had you come to me in London in tender love and sympathy, you might have won my heart Now it is too late—forever too late !'' Warner's cheeks whitened. " You are in earnest ?" he said, huskily. "ln full earnest !"

"I went back to Saltair, bearing a poisoned arrow in my heart ! I thought the matter over, and all your winsome young beauty came up to my mind like a veritable apparition, and I knew that I had made the mistake of my life, and that I loved you as a man can love but once. Yester- day I received a telegram from Jack Narr, telling me where you were. And I have come to you, Dora, a humble penitent, asking forgiveness and restora tion."

"You are too late 1" said the young girl, sigh. "Too late 1 Oh, not too late! 0, Dora, unsay those fatal words ! I love you 1 I love you. You will not east me off ?"

Dora gently unclasped from her dress his clinging fingers. There was a real anguish in his face and voice that touched her to the quick. She felt con- vinced now that he was sincere, and her tender soul pitied him. " You pain me, Mr. Warner," she said, softly, her bright young face glooming. "It is all over between us. You yourself cut the tie that united UB. Spare me any further words." . "You cannot mean it, Dora " cried Warner, shrilly. "You will let me woo you back to me as gently as a bird woos its mate? You are lonely and sorrowful, under the guardianship of two oppressive, hard. hearted and uncongenial persons. Let me lift you out of this bondage. You promised to be my wife. Redeem that promise now. I will buy off these people, so that you shall never see them again. I will marry you at the church altar. I will take you with me to Champney Mere as my honoured and beloved bride, and Lord Champney and Lady Barbara, his wife, %, i i I make you welcome. Marry me, Dora, and your life shall be one dream of joy. You shall never know a care, a sorrow or a burden. I will shield and guard you as something too rare and precious to encounter "A rude shonks of life. You shr_ll be tr; me like some rare exotic flower, or like some glorious tropic bird, made to live in the sunshine. 0, Dora I marry me, and let me show you how I love you." Ito pleaded as a man pleads for what is dearer to him than life. His voice trembled with passionate desire. He was terribly in earnest. Dora's face, with its bright radiance clouded over, its rare piquancy given place to a sweet seri- ousness and solemnity, and her great brown eyes— black now—full of tremulous lights and shadows, (Shone upon her pleading lover with the glory of an unattainable star.

"I believe you are sincere, Mr. Warner," she said, gently, "and I pity you." "Pity is akin to love, they say. Don't you love me, Dora? Do you remember the sunny morning when, as we sat in the old drawing-room at the Grange, I asked you to be my wife? You looked up at me then with shy blushes, Dora, and whis- pered assent. Is that love all gone, darling? Have you banished me entirely from your heart? Can a woman love and so soon forget ?"

"No, she cannot love and so soon forget," ntur- Inured Dora, half unconsciously.

The leaves on the tree by the window rustled, as if the wind was shaking them. Noel was tremb- ling. Dora seemed to be going beyond his reach, decoyed by the false light of this false love. A moan arose to his lips and was changed to a heavy sigh. But Warner heb.rd nothing to indicate to him the presence of a listener. "You have not forgotten, then?" he whispered, beginning to hope, as his hidden rival began to despair. "You love me a little still? Oh, darling, you give me new life. You will marry me ?" He arose and put out his arms to embrace her. She put him from her by a commanding gesture. " You mistake me, Mr. Warner," she said, with a pretty girlish dignity. "I said that when a woman loves, she cannot so soon forget.' But I did not say that I had ever loved." "You are playing with me." " No, I am telling you the truth. When you came to Chessom Grange, I was but a child in ex- perience. I was El. ittered by your gallant atten- tions and compliments. When you asked me to marry you, I assented. I fancied I loved you, but it was only a fancy. After you came to me in Lon- don—after I had fled from you and the Narrs—l was astonished to find how little I grieved for your loss. I have never shed a tear of regret that you tin lied out so ill: I have never had one sleep- less moment for you! I have never wished you

"Riches, honours, a lovely home, plenty of friends, my love and deyotion, our happy marriage —nothing will tempt your heart back to me?" "Nothing whatever !" said Dora, lowly. "And I have thrown away the priceless gem with my own hands?" Dora bowed slowly and pityingly. Warner turned from her with a groan That moment held for him an awful bitterness. —the bitterness of a terrible defeat! He had expected to win her back by a show of sorrow and penitence, but though she felt a pity for him, it was not of the kind that is " akiu to love."

A little while they stood thus in a dead silence. Dora, looking behind the parted curtain into the shadows of the leaves and branches of the tree, encountered the radiance of a pair of glowing eyes. . _ _

-Strangely enough, as she had not owned to her- self that she loved the young squire, her heart thrilled as it had never thrilled before.

Pref:ently Warner came back to her, and said: "Dora, is your decision irrevocable?" The girl blushed as she answered in the affirma- tive.

"I could give you your freedom, if you would consent to marry me," he urged, eagerly. " Other- wise the Narrs will continue to keep you a helpless prisoner here." "They cannot do so long. This establishment is beyond their me,ms. Once you withdraw your counten,tnce from them, Mr. 'Warner, and they will give up this cottage, and return to lodgings. You know they came Lere simply on your account, and by your advice." Warner's face began to harden. "You deny that you over loved me, Dora," he said. " D you love another? That Sussex chaw baco, who presumes on his university educa- tion and the fact that he is the son of a country squire, and w;i:) has been hanging about you since you 1. ft the 1-;,,,itge, and till you came here—surely you o•, hit " "l to he you my confidant," said Dora, si iy. "I do not recognise your right to question me." "I have the right of a cast-off lover—the right of your betrothed husband," said Warner, bitterly, "Our engagement has never been dissolved—" __

"I dis—soive it now, then." Warner's face became livid, yet he strove to speak calmly. "Dora, that country clodhopper is no match for you. Your beauty, your purity, your charming ways, your childlike innocence, all constitute a more than royal dowry. You are a match for a king—" • "Last week you did not think me a match for a nobleman's derendent," interposed Dora, with a dash of sarcasm.

A gleam of anger appeared in Warner's eyes. Dora's shot had gone home. " You arc not generous," he said hoarsely. "I see, however, that lam too late. Harsher measures may incline you to look at the matter in a different light. I am inclined to leave you to the tender mercies of the Naas. Perhaps, after you have had a further taste of their authority and ways, you may think you can do worse than to marry me. Your chaw-oaeon won't find you here; and if he should, the discovery won't benefit him. In Eng- land, there is a law to punish those who abduct minors from their parents and guardians. He will not dare break the law. Your father has full and entire claim upon you." "I doubt that Jack Narr is my father," said Dora, coolly.

vittirnEr startea. "What makes you think so !" he demanded, huskily. .• My instinct." Warner looked relieved. __ _ _

"Romantic nonsense," he muttered. "It's hard to come down to the truth; but I don't wonder it is so. I pity you, Dora. Brought up s you have been, this reverse is terrible. Forgive me the harsh words I have been betrayed into speaking, and be- lieve me me your true friend. If you want help and comfort, or if you get tired of this place and these peop!e, let me know. My arms are always open to you. Think the matter over to-night,* I it added, "and you may have a different answer :or me in the morning." "You stay here to-night, then ?" "I shall be here a day or two. I will call upon you again to-morrow. Perhaps reflection may teach you wisdom." He held out his hand. Dora hesitated, then placed her hand coldly in his. "You need not wait here for an answer," she said. "You have my answer already—the only one I shall ever have for you 1" Warner pressed her hand, paused, seeming to be gathering his courage, and then with a sudden movement he caught the sleeve of her gray dress in his fingers and dexterously tore it open to the elbow 1 _ _ .

--.... . The girl started back, reddening with indigna- tion. But Warner held her wrist in a fierce grip and drew it up to the light. He saw imprinted upon the white, soft flesh what he expected. There it was—a red, irregular cross, small and quaint of shape, but perfectly distinct and recognis- able! It was the mark which Lord Champney had de- scribed as having been upon the arm of his supposed dead daughter I Warner uttered an ejaculation that Dora failed to comprehend, and said: , "Forgive me that mad impulse. I am going, Dora, but you may expect me to-morrow." He hurried out of the room in a strange agita- tion, locking the door behind him, and giving the key to Mrs. Narr, who was sitting patiently on the stairs. Then he followed the woman down to the parlour, muttering: "I see it all ! The girl is the daughter that Lord Champney and the Lady Barbara mourn as dead! I see my way clear to an immediate for- tune I The girl's spirit must be broken. She must become mine at once, by fair means or foul. I shall stop at nothing 1" (To be continued. ) -

DECEIVER.-- 1 nave ueen am:erring you, liC wildly cried. She would have fallen had she not clutched the air. "I have been deceiving you. I" The words seemed to be fairly wrung from his unwilling lips. "—am the man who writes those fair, with stationary temperature' predictions in the papers." With a shriek that was eloquent with anguish, she turned and gazed gloomily into the gathering dusk..

WOUNDED. —" bon't you think I can make a living out of my voice?" asked the basso-profundo. "I shouldn't like to soy," said his friend. "The trouble is there are so many technical appliances that are more economical and better suited to"— "Mechanical appliances ? " "Certainly. If a man can have a steam foghorn on his ship, I don't see why he should go to the expense of hiring a human " It was at this point that the assault occurred.

Sus: "No, it can never be. I like you as a friend—l respect you—l—l admire you; but that is not love, you know, and I cannot be your wife. But do not do anything rash; try to bear up under it, for I am sure there are others more worthy of you than I am." He: "Very pleasant weather we are having." " Y-e-s, very." "I am glad of it, too, and hope it will continue. You see, my friend Jack's little sister is coming to the City to-morrow to stay sometime, and he wants me to show her the sights. She's a dear little child, with golden hair and heavenly blue eyes, and the sweetest little face imaginable. I never saw Such a perfect little angel as she was the last time I saw her." "How—how long is it since—since you saw her?" "About eight years, I think. She was just ten years old then.' "Eight and ten are— Horror! If you dare to go near that girl, I'll—l'll kill myself, so there!"

===== 0002601_18961121_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE-UP DISHES

BOVRIL,

Which are a most important item in the week's menu of every household, are made most piquant and tasty by the addition of

Which is the

guaranteed

product of PRIME OX BEEF and which

imparts the flavour of Fresh Meat

to even the

most tasteless dish.

,-.---t:- ' •c.ci,,'. (~..1 ....-, V ' J" ,•,..,67--7-"'N -F...:4•.,_,;::,/ 1:7: \I: - -7'-.--i.,7.1., ~... 1 i • --.. • . . -,,•:,,,nik,.4, ,\J_,,,,,„,,,,,,,,,..,,,, ..,.. N .1\.•,....,t11,11 IIA:,/, 1. ' .'ZN,..., , . s.;. • I .. ''.' ' ~'"//k ji -fret—ri ___ -iii-; . • ~,-,, e. i'fill•M- - ' l',1;11, ili,llll's, —114: \ . . ...- ~.., •- to. . t . , _. , .\ 1 ...;•"."-: .<'/- ' . 4 .... •. - .". . , • ' r , . '..r; I i 1,.; • , i•. : . ..,..*_o,-,.*.*,, .i...:":, ,r: i ',,i':i /1 . 'I.: 1! "' ' '',,,.,%W.44 . ' —,;,,,i *• . , , I [ . ! ' !lANLAIII 1N11114101,1Y1 4 'l'

===== 0002601_18961121_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPITS.

THE Crust of Society—Macaroons. MANY a cook can spoil the broth without any assistance whatever.

THERE is nothing more disagreeable than being told things for your own good. THE trouble with most poets is that they arc made, not born. " DuDEs will smoke the deadly cigarette." " Yes ; that's one good thing about dudes. MODESTY consists in refraining from expressing your opinion of yourself. DON'T place too much confidence in yourself— there is no one who more frequently deceives you. "You know I only live to make you happy," murmured the young man. "Dear me 1" she said, "you oughtn't to go to all that trouble." I MAY be young," said the very young man, "but my love for your daughter is as strong and true as if I were whitened by the snows of in- numerable winters." "Oh, I don't doubt your love," replied the stern father, "'but have you ever had the measles or the whooping cough? It wouldn't be fair, you know, for us to take you into the family and have to nurse you through those complaints some time or other." _

A GENTLE REVENGE.—OId Bachelor: "Remem- ber that girl I nearly went crazy over ? " Friend: " Yes ; hfr refusal of you nearly ruined you." " That's the one. Well, she married, my rival, and he's committed suicide; and now I'll have my revenge." "Eh ?" "I'll will her all my money, and everybody will say it was out of gratitude to her for not marrying me." _ALWAYS MENTIONED.—LittIe Girl: "Did the rewsnaper reporters notice • your papa was at the great btoquet last night?" Little Boy: "Yes." "Mamma said she couldn't find your papa's name in the list." "No ; but the list ends up with, and others.' That means papa. They always mention him that way." ULTRA.—Van Bank: "Same old story Here I've spent a hundred thousand on that country place, and now none of you want to go there.' Miss Van Bank: "But, papa, don't you know that there is nothing more fashionable than to have an _expensive country seat which you don't

occupy?" MRS. WEARIE : "This is the last time I'll have a girl who can't speak English." Husband: "Why don't you send her off?" Mrs. Wearie : "I've been trying to for six weeks, but I can't make her understand what the word 'discharge' means. She thinks it means a day off, and when I tell her she's discharged, she goes out and has a good time." QUEER TASTE.—J. imson : "I can't understand wil)-r the dagger should be such a popular weapon in Italy." Billson : "It is very effective." Jim son: " True ; but I should think that in a country where garlic and onions are so largely consumed, the people would prefer to stand off from each other and shoot."

TAE Evrainra PRAYER.—LittIe Pet (on her knees, before retiring) : "Mamma, may I pray for rain?" Mamma: " Y-e-s, if you want to; but why ? " Little Pet: "Susie Stuckupp didn't in- vite me to her picnic.", WHERE MAMMA WAS.—Papa: "Where is your mamma?" Little Daughter: I fink she has gone to Mrs. De Fashion's four-o'clock tea." "Did she say so ?" "No ; but I heard her say she wished Mrs. De Fashion was in Halifax, an' she went out about five."

No APPRENTICE WORK FOR HlM.—Hogaboom (of Chicago) ; "Have you any of Preraphael's pictures?" Dealer: " Ah, we have some pictures, sir, of the Pre-Raphaelite school." Hogaboom : "Oh, that won't do at all! I can get plenty of those anywhere. What I want is one guaranteed to be by old Preraphael himself, sir." HE: "If you loved me, why did you, at first, refuse me?" She: "I wanted to see how you would act." He: "But I might have rushed off without waiting for an explanation." She: "I had the door locked."

OF UNDOUBTED GENTILITY. - Mrs. Newriche (patronisingly) : "Were any of 3 our ancestors men of note, Mr. Cynic ? " Mr. C. : "Yes, madam, I should say so. One of them was the most famous admiral of his day, and commanded the allied forces of the world." Mrs. N. (with altered tone of deep respect) : "Is it possible, Mr. C And what was his name ? " "Noah, madam.

BE a man! Find the right thing to do—then urge some fellow to go and do it. A NEW COMPLAINT.—A countryman saw for the first time a schoolgirl going through her gymnastic exercise for the amusement of the little ones at home. After gazing at her with looks of interest and commiseration for some time, he asked a boy near if that girl had fits. "No," replied the boy, " them's gymnastics." " Ah, how sad 1" said the man. "How long's she had 'em ? " EXPLAINED.—She had been putting away the winter clothing for the summer. She spent some time examining her sealskin sacque, and finally remarked to her husband: "Henry, we've bee I cheated." " How ?" This is not genuine seal fur, I'm sure of it. You told me that you paid the very highest figure for it. Now, how do you account for the deception?" "Why: my dear, I can't account for it unless "—and his face brightened with inspiration—" unless the seals have got into the way of wearing false hair." ART NO OBJECT WITH HIM.—" Paintings ?" said the artist, flattered by the presence of the millionaire in his studio. "Yes, sir, I shall be happy to show you my best canvases. Something allegorical, or do you prefer a landscape?" "What I want," said Mr. Boodelle, the eminent contractor, with decision, "is somethin' about a yard and a half long and a yard wide, to cover some cracks in the frescoin'."

SON : "Who was Julius Cmsar, papa?" Papa: "Julius Cfflsar, my son, was a Greek philosopher who crossed the Alps by means of a tunnel and took Britain in the year 1066 by fighting the battle of the standard. You'll find all about him in your history." A CAREFUL CErnensm.—Cawker : "You have seen Mrs. John Smith Shotter play Desdemona, haven't you?" CUM3O : Yes." Cawker : "What did you think of her in the death scene?" Cumso : "She made the most life-like corpse I ever saw on the stage." How TO ENJOY LlVE.—Uncle John: "What are you going to be when you grow up?" Little Jack : "I want to be a railroad brakeman." "Humph ! Why ? " " Don't you know? Railroad brakemens put great big torpedoes on the track and when the next train conies along they goes off and makes a awful noise." "Ye, but the brake- man by that time is miles ahead on ids own train, and does not hear them go otl:" " I know ; but it must be great fun to think how scar,d the engineer ...II

===== 0002601_18961121_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUNDERED HEARTS;

OR, A WAR OF THE HOUSEHOLD.

By the Author of "The Double Life," "The Bailiff's Scheme," &c., &a.

CHAPTER XXVIII. LIGHT IN DARKNESS.

It was the third day of Dora's sojourn at the Black Cottage. The hour was about sunset. The young girl was sitting by the window, in her upper chamber, deeply thinking. The sash was pushed up, and the summer breeze stole in, and a few rays of sunlight filtered in between the interstices of the thickly-leaved tree that guarded her windows like a sentinel, and dropped like diamond rays upon her dusky, clustering rings of hair. The door was locked from without, Mrs. Narr having the key in her pocket. Upon the front doorsteps, nearly under the window, Jack Nexr sat smoking, and sending up an occasional glance at Dora's window.

Thus doubly guarded, she was yet thinking of escape.

Since entering the room, on being brought from Loudon, she had not been permitted to leave it. Her meals had been brought to her, and she had been allowed to sit at her open window—the trees effectually screening her from all view of or from the street—but she had had no exercise, no employment for her fingers, nothing to read, nothing to do but to think. And thinking had now become a dreary employment. She had been visited frequently by the Narrs ; and felt that, although Mrs. Narr disliked her, Jack was rather kindly disposed to her, and that both looked upon her as a prize, by which they hoped to gain what to them would be a fortune. She supposed that they intended to obtain this money from Felix Warner, who had now becorhe to her an object of utter aversion and detestation. All of these things had been turned over in her mind again and again, until she had grown tired, and now she sighed .hopelessly, thinking how strangely her life had darkened during the last few weeks.

"I suppose," she said to herself, her dusky eyes glooming and her lip quivering, "that Noel has either failed to find me, or has gone back to Weir Hall. He may think, as the Narrs are—or claim to be—my parents, he can do nothing, and that I must remain in their custody till lam of age. But perhaps he is still searching for me in London. He would never think of running down to Chiswick, and there is no hing to give him a clue to my whereabouts. Oh, if I had only been wise on that fatal morning when I chose between my two lovers I I threw away the real for the false. I thought I loved Warmer when I did not. And although lam not sure that I love Noel now, it would not be hard, I think, to love one so brave and true and honest. I am not the first girl who has thrown away the plain, country gentleman for the fine, false city lover."

Again she sighed, and again her lip quivered piteously. After a little she leaned out of the window, and called sottly : " Mr. Narr Jack Narr took his pipe out of his mouth, and, bending forward, looked up, saying; " Well, what is it, Miss Dora? Have you come to your senses ?" "I am so tired," said Dora, pitifully. "I have never been so long in one room at a time in my life. Just think how hard it is to shut me up in this way, I who was brought up in the country, as free as the birds, and who love the sunshine and the fresh air as I love my life. Let me walk in the garden just one half hour! Narr knocked the ashes off his pipe against the door-stone, in a thoughtful manner, and then said, pointing the pipe over his shoulder signifi- cantly : "She won't let you, Miss Dora. There's no use asking her; still you can try it if you want to."

" %Voce* rou ask her ?" pleaded the young girl. "She 'd refuse me at once."

Nerr reflected a few moments.

Then he looked up, winking -mysteriously, and whispered, shrilly: "I say, Miss Dora, is a walk in the garden worth ten pounds to you? The old woman's mad because I had a drink or so lately, and took all my money last night when I was asleep." Dora comprehended his drift. "I 'll give you ten pounds if you 'll let me out a little while," she answered.

She took her pocket-book from her bosom, and produced a ten-pound note, which she fluttered out of the window, retaining her hold on it. Narr was all eagerness in an instant. His round red face grew yet redder, and he sprang up and came under the window, his eyes sparkling. _

. ~ . "Money first, Miss Dora," he whispered: "Then I 'll ask the old woman." - .. - _- -

Dora dropped the bank-note. It fluttered within Narr's grasp, and he put it in his pocket. Dora restored her pocket-book to its hiding- place, and waited. Narr went back to the door-stone, sat down, and took up his pipe. After a minute or two he called his wife. Mrs. Narr speedily made her appearance from an inner room.

" Well, what is it?" she demanded. "Girl all right ? " "Not by a good sight," replied Jack, with an upward glance. "I jest happened to look at her, and I declare for 't she's getting as pale and peilked as a last year's ghost. I tell you, Mr. Warner won't be so took with her if she 's so thin and ghastly when he comes." Mrs, Narr looked up at the window, and met Dora's gaze. "She don't look quite well," she admitted. "But what can I do ? " "Tr.,. her around the garden half an hour."

Mrs. Narr looked pertUrbed. "How can I? " she asked, in an undertone. "She might call out for help, or Sir Graham Gal. lagher might see her." • "Sir Graham Gallagher's in better business thau a-setting a-top of stone walls a-looking_ for gals as he don't know exists," remarked Jack Nary, more forzibly than grammatically. "Most likely Sir Graham Gallagher's away from home. If he aint, he's settin in his lib'ry a-swigging wine, as I should do in his place. And if he saw the gal, it's easy to tell him she's your darter. You don't seem up to business. Take the gal by the arm and trot her around; and when she gets tired march her up to the room. That's my ad- vice."

_ Mrs. Narr pondered on it, looked up again at the pale, eager face, and said: "You 're right, Jack, for once. She shall have the fresh sir."

She entered the cottage, mounted the stairs, and unlocked Dora's door, entcring the room. "Come, put on your bat," she said. "I am going to take you around the garden." Dora hastily obeyed, and Mrs. Narr marched her down stairs and out of doors, keeping a tight hold upon her arm all the time. The garden was in a sadly neglected condition, and the grass-grown walks led through tangles of shrubbery, all matted and grown together; but, after her long imprisonment, the fresh air, the glorious sunlight, and the sweet odours of the flowers from the adjoining garden were inexpres- sibly delightful to Dora. For half an hour she sauntered about, guarded by Mrs. Narr, and during that time she saw no one save the Narrs, and heard no one besides them, except a gardener pruning his peach trees on the opposite side of the partition wall, and singing as he worked. At last the man mounted a ladder, and his head began to appear above the wall, Mrs. Narr hurried Dora up to her room and locked her in. At about six o'clock the girl's supper was brought up, and she was left alone for the night. The Nacre secured all the doors and retired to the basement kitchen, a quarter of the house that suited them best, and here Narr smoked, while his wile talked of the best plan by which they could secure possession of the money on Dora's person. "I don't know know but the best way would be to go in and take it from her when she 's asleep," the woman muttered. "She 's no business to keep that money from us, and I mean to have it. I 'll think the matter over, and get the money with the least trouble." Meanwhile Dora continued to sit at her open window, and the day faded, and the long summer twilight brooded softly over the scene, tilling the garden with a hundred shadows. The twilight was deepening into night, and Dora was begisuing to think of drowning all her sorrows in sleep, when she beard a. sound that tin i'led her pulses and stied her heart to wilder bea! lugs. It was a sound as of some one scaling the stone wall fronting the lonely street. "Some one is there," thought the girl, all at once eager and impassioned. "Who can it be? Not a friend ? Not Nool?"

She crouched in the shadows, watching and listening.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
;;. MINE R , SKI UR iiii .1: NOV Liq B Eft 21. 1,:.:96

===== 0002601_18961121_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
The Health and Vigour of an individual depends ii,von the quantityand quality of the 8100 t. When the tisue have been at work there are thrown into She olood wastesre ducts, and if these be not elimb at• d but (Virough any cape) ietained in the blood they influence nut I Won cud tuncsion and finally produce organic dise,se." The Homan,t4rian." In cases of Scrofida, Scurvy, Eczema. Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and S •res of all ic.nd•, the eff.atts of Ularke's Blood 'Mixture itro marvellous. Thousands of won iierful cures have been effected by it. Ularke's Bloed Mixture s sold everywhere, t 2s. 9d. per bottle.—Beware of worthless mitations and substitutes.—Advt. (5)

===== 0002601_18961121_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE ER PILLS.

man Pill. {mall Doss. imall Price. ,Orty in a

Purely Vege- L table.

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay cured. Chemists, Is. lid.

LIV _ • a C R (TILE F, IVER 1,! FIL S

===== 0002601_18961121_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
-9-70dib)

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all whn use daily on the teoth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, zaa pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as notning 'Asa will. Sound and pe,rly v nite teeth, rosy lips, awl fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT. %Zs. Gd.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
METHOD IN HEALTH.

BY pleasant means, without pain or worry or the use of nauseous physic, a perfectly healthful condition of body is a boon everyone may enjoy who will act on the advice of the medical profession and keep clear of con- stipation and its many attendant ills by the use of Cali- fornia Syrup of Figs. To eat fruit is wholesome ; it keeps the bowels in functional activity. The fig is the most laxative of fruits. 'I he juice of ripe figs, together with other recognised vegetable laxatives, contained in California Syrup of Figs makes this excellent prepara- tion the best of remedies in the most obstinate cases of habitual constipation. It thoroughly cleanses the system but without griping or purging—it assists nature and helps to establish a regular habit of body, without which good health is not possible. Biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, and all disorders arising from an inactive condition of the liver, bowels, and kidneys are promptly cured by California Syrup of Figs. It dispels colds, headaches, and fevers; and the good it does is permanent It is " nature's pleasant laxative," refreshing to the taste, and at the same time more effective than all other aperients and purgatives, which are apt to bring about a condition of chronic constipation after continual use and necessarily augmented doses. California Syrup of Figs is ma.de by a scientific process known only to the sole manufacturers, the California Fig Syrup Company, and cannot therefore be successfully imitated. Neverthe- less the name " Syrup of Figs " has been aperopriated by dealers anx6us to gain extra profit. Ai.k for Cali- fornia Syrup of Figs," the original and only genuine, bearing the name and Trade Mark of the California Fig Syrup Company, or some colourable imitation or worth- less substitute may be foisted upon you. The words " Syrup of Figs" alone are not an absolute guarantee that the genuine preparation is offered you. Of chemists, lid. and 2s. 91. Depot, 32. Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOTOR CAR TOUR.

RESULTS OF THE RUN TO BRIGHTON.

The following official report of the motor car run to Brighton on Saturday has been issued Brighton, November 16.—1 t was at first decided by the committee that only cars officially tested and duly passed should enter for the Bright-_,n ride. This wae,hew- ever, finally overruled, and it was made an open evect. Instead, therefore, of (We' the 20 efficient cars entering as prearranged, all kinds of experimental machines joined in the demonstration. Owing to the crowd no real start could be made tietil Brixton was reached, when 22 cars only were started, as they arrived at long intervals. Along the reacl,well-known timekeepers were placed. including Messrs. Penn, Coleman, Jack, Dring, and Swindley. The folkwing cars duly arrived at Brighton :—First at 2-33, a Belle() voiturette ; at 2-47, a Bolleee car. Neither of these fol- lowed the instructions to wait at Reigate. Their time record, however, was extraordinary, as they each carried two persons, and were not racing. Our own c it's endeavoured to keep to the original pro- gramme. The pilot car and three British Motor Syndi- cate cars were r•all four in their proper place at Preston Park, Brighton, punctually at 4-30, where they were re. ceived by the Mayor of. Brighton. An American car fol- lowed immediat, ly. The two Bollees had also gone through, and a new Beeston motor cycle, making eight cars in all which were in good time. The next hour brought four more, making twelve. The whole of the rest of the 22 cars arrived in Brighton at intervals dur- ing the evening, with two exceptions. One broke down at Patceams, the valves being choked with mud. The other stepped at Reject°, and tame in during the night. All these motors behaved splendidly, with tee exception of the one car referred to. No accident of any kind hap- pened to our cars. The Crawley accident was caused by the Duryea (Atnerican)car through no fault of the driver One of our members who witnessed. it states that the child darted out from the crowd and ran under the machine. After the banquet on Saturday evening the committee had the satisfaction of examining 20 cars in Messrs. Du Pont's stables, and beyond the lower half of each vehicle being covered with mud, they were in per- fect condition and ready to take the road again imme- diately. Eighteen of these cars were lent to members by the British Motor Syndicate. The committee decided to award gold medals to the first eight motors which arrived in good tine. The fact that 20 motors out of 22 which left Brixton arrived in Brighton during the evening without accident exceeded the committee's most sanguine expectations."

W

THE PLAGUE .q LIFE

_ A "Little Cough." THB RUIN OF HBALTH :

.11 " Little Cough."

THE FORMUNNE It OF DEATH:

A " Little Cough." Which may be CURD now by the INDIROIATuI U3Bl

HALL' LuNG RESTORER FOR _ INFLUENZA Registered AND ALL CHEST

LUNG AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSE6SES THE POWER LUNG to SOOTHE, RELIEVE. and RESTORER HEAL. which exists In no other preparation.

LUNG FOIL COUGHS p ESTORER. on COLDS. Never Falls. It NEVRR FAILS TO GIVII INbTANT RELIEF. LUNG RESTORER. THE FIRST DOSE is A SOOTHING PRE,

LUNG LUDE TO THE CURB RESTORER. INDUCES SLEEP Calm and refreshing. LUNG RESTORER DOES NOT CONTAIN, Never Pails. LAUDANUM, OPIUM, or R LUNG MORPHIA. ESTORER. Fon WHOOPING COUGH, LUNG IT ACTS LIKS A CHARS' RESTORER Children like ifs. Never Falls. HALL'S °B BOTTLB LUNG RESTORER F 1 ovttli3l2lTDS. YALU& Registered RSTABLIiHRD 40 YEARS. GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF. FAILS. ' FAILS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARIR Mrs M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—" DEAR SIR,— I am pleasea to, testify to the great benefit derive ifrom theuseof our LUNG RESTORER, which I have given to several children in Home—in two cases particularly its effects were ma, venous. having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall bepleased to recommend it to all my friends. &ow, CAUTION.—When you ask, ask for a Bottle o 11 HALL'S LUNG RESTORER, &Al be pursvaled to accept anythtag else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine Bottle ppears my Trade Mark (the figure of HoPF) and Tignature I Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovations. I Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in Bottles. Is. l*d. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any difficulty in obtain- ng it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of P. 0.0. or the amount, from THOMAS HALL, 24. Queen Viotona-stree‘ undo n

===== 0002601_18961121_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
The publi Liberal po be taken ur the main to at the begir agreement non-party a which was for a chang purposes. a Liberal al have h ampE to: secure t pathisers. small, and r come forwa selves and their friend the Armenit secured nub the mighty agitation or hands. Bu

Another empha‘ised orial table c whole mode sake of edul ter of uusec boards, and He said: " be made sat uliar tenets It then bel taking advs for the sacr truth, dotes attention to carefulness flattery, an( cated in an! the sanctua mind." It tarian educ National So commenced Church is t to-day.

Home Ru resolutions bury. It is and thouhzhi who passed the matter f Mr. Chamt launched th A scheme w burghers ca slang. The control of tl relations foi there the practically be quite ki would be Is territorial o much like a himself; if offended th( might have been concei the place of Can scarcely what influi representati Salisbury se knot by goi

A large d( on the Presi afternoon. t lutions affec at the recen They did* which math Trades Unio and imm.di the Board o would be co Ritchie nati warn the trl

Clovernmeni • industry, bt most of the to the appoi the ranks o

If Mr. Chi United Sta appoin tm en British Gov Depew kno towards it 'nixed large of the Princ a man of gr, on the trad countries maintain a, duties as a English poli End drawin

The Ohm thnughtfull, one of these pay two gel weight th TP rate of earni that every s liable to a ' annum. Fc tons a guinf used as pub carriage rat The public £1 17s. or X will be of t ACCUMulatni -will come ii

The letter mendous eff and the nea the opinion tive membe 'House of Co mit it openl the Tory eh House of ( Liberal Un i ( subject of h Tory. Mr an awk ware and their la against the and as soon Ministry 1111 even take st Cabinet is h the 'Church', of the 'Llber point on wt the Conger v "There are si force at wor Tories have has reawak4 wrong, but prevent it. cerned. Iron denunciatio

The latest so unsatisia, directors wi writing arri be remembe mitted to received wii drawn on shareholder provide the -share. It Vi oformed a 3u stock than operations o to launch th

it is state was engaged the whole ol tamed by ti completely

, WoMeier an visit to Lord in military c to anothsr

To WITRERB used weer fifty while teething sufferer humeri twu:..lquiet,el little cherub Chemtits, Is, I

===== 0002601_18961121_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" I AT.

The public appeal issued by a conterenze of Liberal politicians for the Armenian agitation to be taken up by the Libral party on party lines was the main topic of conversation in political circles at the beginning of the week. Ther-, is a general agreement that the scrupulou,,, en(lea v•ur to run a non-party agitation has not met wit., the success which was expected, hut it is felt that the appeal for a change in tactics has come too late for present purposes. The agitation has certainly been mainly a Liberal agitation, but the Liberals organising it have hampered and restrained themselves in order to: secure the co-operation of Conservative sym- pathisers. The response has been disappointingly small, and most of those Conservatives who have come forward have still further restrained them- selves and their allies in order not to embarrass their friends in the Government. The friends of the Armenians feel now that they might have secured much more if they had frankly made use of the mighty engine which an avow@dly political agitation on party lines would have put into their hands. But the opportunity has gone past.

Another aspect of the education question was empha.ised on Monday by the unveiling of a mem- orial table of Joseph Lancaster, the father of the whole modern system of educating people for the sake of education. His famous words are the char- ter of unsectarian schools and of the modern school boards, and at this digs are worth reproducing. He said: "Above all things education ought not to be made subservient to the propagation of the pec- uliar tenets of any sect beyond its own members. It then becomes undue influence, like the strong taking advantage of the weak, and yet reverence for the sacred name of God and the Scriptures of truth, detestation of vice, a love of veracity, a due attention to duties to parents, relations,and society, carefulness to avoid bad company, civility without flattery, and a peaceable demeanour may be incul- cated in any seminary for truth without violating the sanctuary of private religious opinion in any mind." It was to combat this principle of nnsec- tarian education that, eighty-five years ago, the National Society was formed, and the battle then commenced by the clerical party in the English Church is the battle which is still being fought to-day,

Home Rule for Rhodesia is the meaning of the resolutions passed by the white settlers of Salis- bury. It is not a vague idea, but one of a formal and thought-out character, showing that the men who passed them had been brooding silently over the matter for some time. Perhaps they owe it to Mr. Chamberlain's famous despatch in which he launched the proposal of Home Rule for the Rand. A scheme which is good for dissatisfied Johannes- burghers cannot be wrong for disconteated Rhode- sians. The Colonial Office would be left with the Control of the foreign relations of Rhodesia—its relations for example, with the Boer Republic; and there the Home Government's functions would practically end. The Chartered Company is not to be quite kicked out of the country as yet, as it would be left for the present with a majority on the territorial or Home Rule council. The scheme is much like a recent forecast given by Mr. Rhodes himself; if that gentleman had not grievously offended the framers of it by his railway policy, we might have jumped to the conclusion that it had been conceived for the purpose of exalting him to the place of power. At present Rhodesian settlers Can scarcely tell by whom they are governed, or what influences direct the Chartered Company's representative or the High Commissioner, and the Salisbury section of them would cut the Gordian knot by governing themselves.

A large deputation of trades unionists waited up- on the President of the Board of Trade on Tuesday afternoon, to bring before him a large batch of reso- lutions affecting his department which were passed at the recent Trades Union Congress at Edinburgh. They dids not include the sensational demands which made the Norwich Congress famous. The Trades Union Congress has returned to more limited and immudiate issues, and the matters submitted to the Board of Trade were mainly practical and what would be called minor departmental matters. Mr. Ritchie naturally took the opportunity to ntildly warn the trades unionists againsttinviting too much Government interference in matters of trade and industry, but he returned a sympathetic answer to most of the specific requests, especially with regard to the appointment o more railway inspectors from the ranks of railway workers.

If Mr. Chauncey Depew succeeds Mr Bayard as - United States Ambassador at St. James's, the appointment will be a welcome one, both to the British Government and the English people. Mr. Depew knows this country well, and entertains towards it the most friendly feelings. He has mixed largely in the best London society, is a friend of the Prince of Wales, an attractive social speaker, a man of great tact and shrewdness, and will carry on the traditions of friendship between the two Countries which Mr. Bayard has done so much to maintain and confirm. fle would enter upon his duties as a perfectly familiar 'figure to the leading English politicians and the freruenters of the West End drawing-rooms.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer has very thoughtfully laid his hand on the autocar. Every one of these vehicles between one and two tons will pay two guineas and between two and three tons in weight three guineas, in addition to the present rate of carriage duty. Furthermore, it would seem that every self-propelled bicycle and tricrle Nc7:l be liable to a license at the rate of one guinea per annum. For cars over one ton and under three tons a guinea will have to 'be paid unless they are used as public vehicles, when the present htr,knay carriage rate of fifteen shillinvA will be applied. The public " 'bus " of the future will be charged £1 17s. or ..E3 18s., according to weight. The weights will be of the unladen vehicle, and exclusive of accumulators, water, and fuel. The new licenses -will come into force in January.

The letter of Mr. J. M. Maclean 'has had a tre- mendous effect upon Conservatives, both of the old and the new school. He has merely given voice to the opinions and feelings of nearly every Conserva- tive member who sits behind the Ministry in the 'House of Commons. Perhaps they will not all ad- mit it openly, but in Private, among themselves, in the Tory clubs. and in the smoking-room of the House of Commons, the predominance of the Liberal Unionists in the Government has been a subject of bitterest complaint on the lips of every Tory. Mr. Mactean. moreover, has shot his bolt at an awkward moment. A large section of the clergy and their lay friends are on the brink of rebellion against the education policy of the Government, and as soon AS the meagre little measure of the Ministry makes its appearance the mutiny may even take shape. The Conservative section of the Cabinet is blamed only indirectly, as the refusal of the 'Church's demands is attributed to the influence of the Liberal Unionists. Nor is education the only point on which the Liberal Uuioniets have diverted the Conservative pelicy from its natural course. There are several evidences of the same sinister force at work, and regarding some of them the Tories have felt keenly. Mr. Maclean, therebre. has reawakened all the old sense of grievance and wrong, but the strong subjection to discipline will prevent it. .o far as the House of Commons is con- cerned. from .taking any shape except that of angry denunciations by the Church party.

The latest issue of Chartered shares is going off so unsatisfactorily that it is notfunlikely that the directors will have to submit some new under- writing arrangement, to the shareholders. It will be remembered that the underwriting'schetne sub- mitted to the shareholders the other day was received with much disfavour, and it was with- drawn on the understanding that the present shareholders would take up the new issue anJ provide the million agked for on the basis of £2 a -share. It would seem that the shareholders have 'formed a :luster estimate of the value of Chartered stock than the directors. Whether the market operations of a syndicate of uuderwriters will avail to launch the stock remains to be seen.

It is stated that Sirdar Sir Herbert Kitchener was engaged with Lord Salisbury at. Hatfield almost the whole of Sunday. On 114mday he was enter- tained by the Queen, and yesterday he was most completely engazeo at the War Office with Lord Wolseley and other heads of dt-partments. visit to Lord Salisbury is considered most important S n military circles, and officers are looking. forward to another advance in the Soudan early next :'ear.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Hymn has been used ever fifty yeses by millions of mothers fo theirchildren while trething with perfect sue.cess. It will retie-ye the pons sufferer immediately. It is pleasant tl taste ; it produceE nattr ..I quiet, sleep. by relieving the child from pain. end the little cherob awakes 'as bright tIG Cil,llUtt,“ Of all Chemists, Is. I d. pe bottle.—Ada.

LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE,

Coats and wraps for young girls are all of the loose flowing type, and those intended for the very young children are distinguished by full folds fall- ing from yokes or collars. The paletDt form is, however, much prettier for girls over nine, and the old or womanish coat sleeves is overcome in a delightful manner by cape sleeves.

An excellent little coat for a little girl is made in grey cloth. It hangs in double box-pleats, straight down the front, while at the neck is a round collar, almost a cape, reaching to the shoulders, straight revers in the front fastening back over pointed revers, hemmed with black astrachan. The hat which crowns it is made of felt, trimmed with a couple of quills and bouad with a piece of ribbon. _ _

A thoroughly useful coat and skirt costume and a smart one withal is of black and white striped frieze used in conjunction with facings of bright green velvet, bordered by inch-wide straps of white kid. The coat is fastened by small gold buttons set in groups of three.

Another coat suitable for clothe .of various colourings and qualities is double-breasted, with a straight front and the new setaiepouffed sleeves. The collar is cut medici fashion and lined with fur.

A new dress for the late autumn is of Prussian blue cloth, the skirt bordered with rows of fancy braid. The bodice is similarly trimmed, and in shape is an open jacket with double revers, the upper one forming a cape over the) shoulders, the lower ones turned back from a loose front of ivory lawn, drawn in at the waist under a wide sash of turquoise.

A pretty dress for deep mourning has the bodice made of crape, out-lined with a knotted trimming of black silk braid and two rouleaux of dull black silk. The skirt is moderately and trimmed with crape and braiding, with a high folded belt of the folded silk.

Every Parisienne with a reputation for smartness to maintain includes a short saoque coat in her autumn wardrobe. It is very becoming to slender long-waisted wearers, and is sometimes in their ease transformed into a Russian tunic, and then resembles a very ample blouse, drawn in at the waist under a decorative belt. A deep collar of fur forms a pointed yoke, and a narrow band edges the wrists. _ _

Some handsome gowns are being fashioned by the leading Parisian modistes of liberty velvet. Often these are trimmed with thick black braid. The bell-shaped skirt has a series of flounces, each set on and edged with a narrow line of braid. Sometimes the bodice is loose-fitting and frequently of the bolero order, opening over a vest of ivory silk. Among the favourite shades in this material are green, blue, chestnut, dark brown, and plaid. Some of the prettiest dancing dresses for girls who have not yet passed their first youth are extremely simple in style. An especially charming one of palest green nun's veiling has a well-shaped skirt, short enough to clear the ground nicely, and edged with a thick ruche of chiffon and satin ribbon in exactly the same shade. The full bodice, cut round at the neck, merged in a wide swathed corselet of green satin, and the berthe consisted of a very full ruche of the pale green chiffon, the full Übe sleeves being finished with a similar ruche. White shoes, stockings, and glovese were to be worn with this.

Square-necked hodiees arc again in favour, and very becoming they are, as a rule; while the moderately low round necks are still fashionable. Very low bodices and exposed shoulders are bad form. Theatre and dinner gowns are often only slightly open at the neck in either V or square shape; but the V must always be avoided by people with long, slender necks; it emphasises the length ungracefully. Sailor and reefei costumes in bright red are popular for small girls, and little boys wear the highwayman type of coat in red, with hat of the same colour. For infants' wear, crearn-whitie, trimmed with beaver, mink, or skunk, is chief favourite for outdoor wear, and short-waisted frocks of soft silk or cashmere for the house. The skirts are invariably tucked, and the sleeves fuli and {drooping. -

' ~,) ,1-*,...,. fvv.-,,.....' f47,1'.' / cp7l7',,,i'lliz cf.= i /4r-is 11,II, 1/I)9 ( i 1 filli i /I'2`i 'lll'. 1 ' / ,- . A

if.,.. t_ I, ? ii. P I 1 il/41ii . . /lilt ! ,/ ' . ,

.1". .I. •r• ••• ..n.V;iV ......... / ' st 14 i!•\,' \*T\ 1 1.,. ,/, A , ',//////;$1. I 4111//314\V r-Af • „"/7/: N., •, : i'i,",';:,/..1\'1.,//' 4" - ~,,./0/?,/,!/,://k,:////,,,/ 0 y • 1,/i 1 •//:;,/, 7/ /,./ , i ///i",•';::;:,,:-,;,;,4';,-./ '''

===== 0002601_18961121_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
irry or the use ii condition of will act on the p clear of con- he use of Cali- holesome ; it The fig is the 3 figs, together contained in Pllent prepara- tinate cases of ses the system sts nature and without which ;, indigestion, an inactive S are promptly dispel colds, !..t is permanent •eshing to the than all other to bring about continual use irnia Syrup of rn only to the rup Company, ed. NPverthe- . appropriated for Cali- only, genuine, California Fig ition or worth- u. The words lute guarantee 1. Of chemists, Hill, London,

iIITON.

)tor car run to

===== 0002601_18961121_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
rst decided by ested and duly Thia was,how- n open everc. cars entering ntal machines the crowd no I was reached, arrived at long nekeepers were , Jack, Dring, /Iv arrived at 3 voiturette ; )f these fol. sigate. Their ordinary, as iot racing. Our original pro- h Motor Syndi- ice at Preston they were re- ierican car fol. tad also gone ,making eight he next hour 3 whole of the t intervals dur- /ne broke down ith mut'. The ring the night. toe exception f any kind hap. was caused by It of the driver tates that the .an under the y evening the ,ning 20 cars in le lower half of ey were in per- id again imme- mt to members imittee decided motors which motors out of

n during the mmittee's most

'•!••••

per. fou Par- ad's ; of

mmimm......... .

LIFE

le Cough."

le Cough." 101 Arni 113111

===== 0002601_18961121_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
FLUENZA

LL CHEST AND THROAT PLAINTS. IS TILE POWER E, RELIEVE, and ich exists In no isration. ) HS

OR COLDS. 'AILS TO GIVR IT RELIEF. DOSE oOTHING Par- TH CURB SLEEP d refreshing. CONTAIIs, M, OPIUM, or

COU G ti: Kg A (MARX n like it.

;ID. BOTTLII. ITS V&LUS.

NED 40 THAR& NEVER FAILS. :SS BEAR= Croy d on. I am pleasee ta sec( our !LUNG 'eral children in were marvellous. iall beploe,sed to rii41044 lane o o world anythtot ry genuine Bottle ?i.-) and Tignature Ltions.

Mere, in Bottles. iffieulty in obtain- t of P. 0.0. or the en VietOtta-streein.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Your loving JIUMNI.

TRIED AND PROVED!

Sufferers from Gr vel. Lurnb,wa, Piles, Pains in the Pack Dropsy. Wind gild Water Compls.irq. Diseases Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive (lure in Roldroyd's flrovel Fills/Try a small box and if not satisfied your rnoner will be retiirne,f. Prices Is. 10., Of all Chemists, or post free for 12 wpm of. from tiotnnovn's Medical Hail Checkheaten. Yorke. Sold at 35, Bridge-st.. Warringtca. Don't be put, off, Tf you cannot get them writo tot4e grnprietar and a ,i))r will be C'fit oext post Advt

===== 0002601_18961121_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TII7, 'IAITNER, SATURDAY, NOMFER 21, 1896.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

It would appear as tlicugh the remark made by the -o Duke of Malborough, to the effect that although b.enheun was a very fine memorial of the dead it was a particularly expensive memorial to the living, was not very wi.'e of the mark, for no less than £5,000 has had to be expanded upon the rooms set apart for the Prince and Princess of Wales and Princess Victoria, on t he occa- sion of their visit—Two Consecutive American Duchesses with a plentiful supply of dollars, have done marvels in making the house habitable, but buildings covering seven acres are not easily brought up-to-date. Those of my readers who are not already aware of the fact, may be interested to learn that it was not until sixteen years after the famous victory that Blenheim Palace was finished, though half a million was voted for its erection by the House of Commons. When the Court is at Windsor, the most frequent visi- tars to Her Majesty's aviary are the children of Princess Henryof Battenburg, who rarely miss a day in "coming to feed the birds." The birds in question know the time of the little folks arrival, and are keenly on the alert to avail themselves of the proffered hospitality. Hither also, when on a visit to the Queen, come the children of the Duke of Connaught, who have a special interest in the aviary, independently of the birds, as immediately in front of it live their own pretty little white Canadian guinea pigs of a special breed, with long rough coats, and graceful timid ways. They were unspoiled, and were a present from the Marchioness of Lorne. Her Majesty still frequently drives round the aviary on her daily visits to Frogmore, but rarely alights from the carriage. November, as we most of us know, is the great month for fireworks, not only on the: earth below, but also in the heavens above. The grand display,however, which only occurs three times in a contury,and was sup- posed to take place on the 14th and 15th inst., was not visible, owing to the deplorable state of the weather. The last great meteor shower was on the night between November 13th and 14'h,in 1866. What these metenrs are forms a sort of romance in astronomy. They may be, we are told,either fragments of worlds that have broken up, or they may be superfluous material, flying round and looking for an opening. Apropos of fireworks, the actual cost in the first in- stance, of one of the set pieces which form so magni- ficent a part of the display at the Crystal Palace, near London, during the season, amounts to no less than £350. Subsequent reproductions cost about LSO each. A fact too, in connectiGn with these vast firework pic- tures is,that occasionally the original design is furnished by an artist of some standing. When there is nothing startlingly new to change the face of fashion ,small details are made points of as up-to- date marks and the fashionable woman is just now pay- ing special attention to ruffles destined to adorn her neck and wrists. These said ruffles are mostly built of pleated 'chiffon, mounted on to a soft ribbon band and can easily be tacked into the bodice. Sometimes the chiffon is scalloped, and edged with lace, but although decidedly more artistic, it is somewhat expensive wear. Long gossamer sleeves for evening gowns are now in high favour,and the mode will be a welcome one to those of us possessed a thin or otherwise unlovely arms. They are made either of fine lace over Base, or entirely of lisse, and the amount of labour bestowed upon them is fre- quently startling. Only the other night, when dining out,l espied one particular pair boasting no less than twenty-four horizontal tucks in less than two inches. Grebe has come back into favour again, and it cer- tainly has a good deal to recommend it,for it is not only inexpensive but very effective. Moreover, no amount of rain will spoil Wand this is a consideration in these Isles of ours. Tippets with long stole ends are made for it,but grebe is really prettier built in the form of a short boa.

There seems alas, very little doubt that intemperance among all grades of our sex is on the increase, and that the propensity is increased by the facility with which wine and spirits can be procured of licensed grocers and confectioners is only tco apparent, for it is no uncom- mon thing to see women dropping into these latter es- tablishments with clnsiderable frequency, during their walks abroad, ostensibly for a biscuit which is usually purchased for appearance sake, in reality for the desired stimulant. In our social life, less wine is apparently drunk than was the case a few years back, but a great deal more liqueur, which figures at luncheon, dinner or supper parties is indulged in. It is gravely announced thatupon the recommendation of the Comptroller of Prison Industries, female convicts are henceforth to be employed in dressing dolls. It is easy to imagine the maddening impatience which the monotony of oakum-picking must provoke, and it is pleasant to think that it is to be wholly abolished as a task for women prisoners. It is added that the extraor- dinary substitute of putting them to dress dolls, is only an experiment and doubtless many of the productions will be more comical than the notion which has occurred to the ingenionsComptroller. It has always been under- stood, that the difficulties in the way of useful and pro- fitable prison labour bsve been its cempetition with the ordinary industries and why this does not apply to dressed dolls, is not very obvious. If the women are to dress them, there is no reason why the men should not make them, in the prisons, the more so because very nearly all the dolls are" made in Germany," and their manufacture would not interfere with home industries. There still remains the larger question, what is to become of all the prison dressed dolls ? Upon this point the enterprising Comproller does not enlighten us. In many houses where a few years ago, men servants were deemed essentially necessary, parlourmaids are now taking the place of first, second and third footmen, and this has greatly raised the wages of women ser- vants, as well as enlarged their sphere of usefulness. With regard to their dress, in some mansions a species of livery is imperative, but when this is not the case the gown must be black, of the simplest style possible, and the whole appearance severely neat. Long flowing ends to caps are unheard of, the bead covering must he close and small, and the bibbed apron wide and long in the skirt.

The danger whichlurks in perfumed flowers, though it has been recoonised to a certain extent, has never been paid safilcient attention to. Medical men, as a rule, encourage the presence of flowers in sick rooms object- ing only to strong-scented ones. But. It is never really wise to place cut flowers about a sick room at all, for they throw off carbonic acid gas, as they decay, and be- sides. and more important than that, they exhale vola- tile oils of a poisonous character. When there are many flowers, it is very much as if a saucerful of the poison-. one 611 were placed in the room to evaporate. Here are a few rules, which according to a German doctor we must Carefully fellow, if we would enjoy good health. We must eat fruit for breakfast and luncheo,, ; avoid pastry, shun muffins, crumpets and buttered toast, eat wholemeal bread, decline potatoes if they are served more than once a day, drink no tea or coffee, walk four miles a day, take a bath every day, wash the face every night in hot water, and sleep eight hours a night! Every housewife has more or less experienced the diffi- culty of getting her raisins stoned for the Christmas puddings and cakes, but this worry (and the mysterious disappearance of a considerable portion of the fruit,may henceforth be awarded, as stoned raisins are now obtain- able of most grocers. The novelty hails from America, and cleanliness is insured by the use of patent steam machinery. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_18961121_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
PURIFIED PETROLEUM AFTER PNEUMONIA.

When the acute stage of pneumonia (lung fever) is passed it often leaves results that are very stubborn to cure,and there is considerable danger of consumption being developed. In these after-effects of the disease nothing is so beneficial as Angers Petroleum Emulsion, the ,food-medicine. It soothes and heals the lungs, re- moving the sore feeling,restoring the inflamed tissues to a normal condition,aud preventing the formation of any chronic disease, while at the same time it furnishes a strong fond arki tonic to the weakened system. In these cases it is r,iten wonderful to note the rapid change in appetite and colour and the gain in weight and strength. Angic-r's Petroleum Emulsion is prescribed by the medi- cal nrofession for just such cases. It is a food-medicine pleasant: to take. Sold by all leading chemists, 2s. 9d. and 49. 6d. A sample bottle Rent free on receipt of 31. to cover postag.. Descriptive pamphlet post free. Angier Chemical Co., 32, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING MARRIAGE AT SOUTH- PORT. GRIFFITH-CALVERT.

At Derby Grove Primitive Methodist Chapel, Southport, on Thursday afternoon, a marriage of local interest took place, when Mr. John Griffiths, of Church-street, Warrington, and Miss Annie Calvert, daughter of the Rev. J. Calvert, formerly Primitive Methodist minister of Warrington, were united in the bonds of matrimony. The father of the bride, assisted by the Rev. Charles Finch,of Warrington,and the Rev. G. Taylor,of Southpert,performed the cere- mony. The bride was dressed in *hire Japanese silk, trimmed with pearls and Brussels lace, and wore a large hat, trimmed with plumes and silk. The bridesmaids were Miss Alice Griffiths, Miss Emily Spencer, Miss Lily Dale and Miss Emmeline Griffiths. After the wedding ceremony the party adjourned to the house of the bride's father and the wedding breakfast was partaken of. The newly-married couple departed for Wales where the honeymoon is being spent. They were the recipi- ents of many handsome piesews including a set of carvers, silver breakfast, cruet, silver bread fork and ornamentd vases from the employees of Messrs. J. Griffiths avid Company, general warehousemen at Latchford and Warrington. The bridegroom's present to the bride was an opal diamond gold brooch ; from the bride to the bridegroom, a gold seal; and from the bridegroom to the bridesmaids gold bangleA and gold necklets,

QADBURY'S COCOA s both a stimulating and refresh- Inv drink, and r nutritious food, probably more nourishing than any other beverage. It is absolutely pure, containing no foreign admixture. —Adz,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
AROUND THE MEDITER-

RANEAN.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
BY DoiA M. JONES.

IV.-GRANADA.

SS'. Midnight Sun.

Perhaps one ought to go through the torture of heat, drought, and mosquitces, in Seville and Cordova. to ap- preciate the full delight of waking in Granada. The dis- tinct coolness of the air after the plains is in itself a delight, and then in the silence of the early morning you can hear the musical tinkle of water from innumerable little springs. You open your door and came out on a courtyard, with birds and fountains and roses and flower- ing oleanders,ancl you appreciate the wisdom of the old Moorish monarchs in pitching their slimmer camp in this delightful retreat,'the springs of which at fed from the snows of Sierra Nevada.

On going a little way to the right, along the road as you come out of the door of the Hotel Washington Irv- ine, roe catch sight of the Alhambra, the Red Castle of the Moors, built of reddish sandstone, and clinging like an eagle's eyrie to the edge of the cliff that frowns down upon the ravine of the Durro. The crumbling walls of the historic fortress are overgrown with vivid green creepers, and even as we saw it at the end of the long drought it was a place of gardens and streams. A bold red hill partly planted with olives rose behind it, and out of a grove of green peeped the white walls of the Generalife, or sumtrer place of the khalifs. Behind and beyond rose the long serrated range of the mighty Sierra Nevada. The hill on which the Alhambra stands is planted with English elms, sent over by the Duke of Wellington, whose descendants still possess the tract of land in this neighbourhood bestowed on Wellington by the gratitude of the King of Spain at the close of daft Peninsular War. Find your way to the edge of the hill, and the whole city lies beneath you, a mass of roofs and domes and towers, and white walls gleaming in the morning light. Tne Cathedral, built on the site of the Grand Mosque after the con- quest of Granada by Ferdinand and Isabella the Catho- lic,is easily to be discerned. The part of the town which surrounds it is called Santa AI, and marks the site of the Spanish camp during the siege. A fire broke out in the camp,and the tents of the Christian soldiery were destroyed. There was a moment's yielding to panic,and a talk of withdrawal; but the queenly cour- age and Christian faith of Isabella soon raised the droop- ing spirit of the army. "Your wooden huts have been burnt," she said, " build them of stone, as a sign that this ground on which we stand shall never be yielded again to the infidel." And so Boabdil the Moor and his garrison had to watch,day by day,thia new city growing on the plain,and their hearts Rank within then a ; for the glory of the Moorish rule had departed, and they had only an effete tyranny to oppose to the fiery chivalry of Aragon and Castile. The modern city of Granada is al- most entirely Christian. The old Moorish town lay in the ravine of the Durro, on the opposite side from the Alhambra Hill and very near the present gipsy encamp- ment.

We were snore annoyed by beggars in Granada than we had previously been in Spain. One determined old person se.th a horribly deformed hand and arm, pestered us exceedingly in the Cathedral. but when we took our carriages to drive to the Carthusian convent, we fondly imagined ourselves rid of him. Nothing of the sort; he took advantage of his knowledge of the neighbourhood to come round a short cut and when WP alighted at the door there we found him,waving his withered limb like a banner, and repeating his tale of woe with untired persistence. In driving through the streets about the Cathedral we were struck, as in other parts of Soain, with the heipht and handsome appearance of the houses; hut the im- pression made by the suburbs between the Cartuja and the gipsy quarter was very different. The stucco•fronted houses had an indescribable air of dilapidation. The white wall spaces, were relieved with iron balconies, often filled with flowers, heavy wooden shutters, blinds of every hue, and strings of scarlet capsicums hanging out to dry. Many of the houses were built with loggie at the top. Donkeys and mules laden with panniers,and the driver perched precariously on the top of the load, filled the streets, while now And again we met a string of muzzled goats coming down from the mountains. In the dusty. rubbisti_trevm oprn spaces where two or three roads met, there would usually be a man sitting on the ground under a rough canvas shelter among his figs and melons, and here and there we came upon a church with a meeting-house front and a rude belfry, crudely painted in violet and green. The Generalife Gardens extend high up the Alhambra hill. The house itself is a plain-looking white erection with a completions tower ; and, like other Moorish buildings, its exterior gives one no idea of the lavish decoration within. Its chief attraction consists in the courts, enclosed with high box hedges and adorned with fish-ponds and fountains, where the khalif used to retire with his ladies when he wished to relax the bonds of state. One particularly fine 'vpress is railed the Sul- tana. It seemed strange so late in the year to see Eng- lish roses growing ananng the myrtles and oleanders of these Eastern bowers ; hut not so strange as the thought that these crumbling palaces, with all that their name recalls of heroism and splendour, should come to be a mere stage in a tourist's progress, a holiday marvel for wanderers from an alien land.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRAIN TRAFFIC.

The Salford Corporation is says the " Mancheste Guardian," to be cotwratulated upon its foresight in deciding to build grain warehouses at the docks. These warehouses will directly benefit the borough in various ways, by helping to cheapen the people's food, tiv pre- paring the way for the establishment of the flour-milling industry en a large scale in the neighbourhood of the docks, and ultimately, no doubt, by ”eturnina a hand- some profit on the capital invested. Indirectly, though not less substantially, the propose grain warehouses will benefit Salford by helping the Ship CAnal, and the value to the Canal Company of proper appliances for dealing with grain cargoes may he inferred from the remarks of the Chairman at nearly every half-yearly meeting of shareholders since the opening of the water- way. It is not ton much to Par that the diversion of an important shsre of the grain traffic which now finds its wis. • into this district through Liverpool. Fleetwood, and Hu!! is ibmlutely essential to tt-e succ,-ss of the Canal L re Ti7orpool alone imported about two million A (.dlv• 20 000 ton, or 1 per cent of that anurstit, CAMP up the Ship Canal. This rear great pro- eress has been made in diverting shipments to the Salford docks, and between Jaouary and Italy 25.000 tons of grain were imported direct by a single firm. Since the opening of the cotton season in September the shipments of maize, wheat, anA oats from America have increased rapidly. About 8.750 tons were landed at Salford in October and over 8 000 tons during the first half of the current e,nonth. whilst something like 15,000 tons more is now afloat for Manchester in steamers from New York and Southern ports. All this is, however, as a mere drop in the ocean when comnared with the im- portatisn through other ports, and leaves room, there fore, for enormous exnansion. That this expansion is bound to take place is an economic e,or Vary to the proposition, already demonstrated, that grain can he shipped from America to Manchester, or Salford, by the Ship Canal for 54. 71-1. per ton less than by Liverpool. and to the surrounding towns at a considerable though somewhat smaller saving To deal with the existing traffic the accommodation at the disposal of the dock authorities is already severely taxed, and but for the timely action of Salford this important branch of the trade of the port would very soon have been seriously hampered in its deyelopment.

-AN EMINENT rftRACRER in Boston stormed in the mist his discourse to mention. " Thst if those who were trouqed with a cough were to put one of Dr. tooocx's Pttrawmiro WAFERS in their month it would st once relieve them sod put an end to their coughioc." rre "It is a simple and agreeshle remod • which I triee proved the efacscy of myself." The above was communicated to the Proprietors by Mr. John Noble late Mayor of Roston. Dr Locom a WArvits Instantly relieve and rsnl ily cure Asthma, Consumption, Bronchitiz, Coughs, Col is. Sltertne•s of Breath. Phlegm, Pains in the Chest. Rheumatism —an‘i taste pleasantly. Sold at is. lfd., 2s. 91.. 4s. 6(1.. and Its, per box by all Druggists.— Advt. (1)

TOBACOMISTEI ecmmennin writn for Illustrated Guide and Cataloeue (259 pages) 7d. TonAnnomsrs' OUTFITTING Co.-186, Huston-road. London. Manager, HENRY MYERS. —Advt

THE PARAFFIN LAMP OUTRAGE AT WARRINGTON.

HEAVY SENTENCE AT LIVERPOOL ASSIZES.

At the Liverpool Assizes, on Monday, before hdr. Justice Bruce, a young man named John Hares, a labourer, living at 2, Berry's-yard, off Tanners'-lane,was indicted for having at Warrington, en the 4th August, maliciously wounded his wife by throwing a lighted lamp at her. It may be remembered that on the day lin question, according to the evidence given at the Warrington Police Court,the prisoner commenced drink- ing at an early hour. For the previous six weeks he and his wife had been living with the mother of the latter. Mrs. Hares remonstrated with her husband several times during the day, as he was not only on the spree, but I was pawning articles of clothing out of the house. The result was that the couple were quarrelling during the greater part of the day, and in the evening Mrs. Hares weut into a neighbour's house. At 8.30 the prisoner entered his mother-in-law's house and asked for his wife, but not finding her commenced to quarrel with the old lady. The complainant, who was listening to what was taking place,became elarmed for the safety of her mother, and rushed in the house for her protection. Tbe prisoner became infuriated, and picked up an ashpan to throw at his wife, but it was taken from him. He also picked up the fender, but that was taken from him •, but lastly he seized hold of a lighted y araffin lamp which stood on the mantel-piece, and, remarking that he would have an execution in his house,hurled it across the narrow apart- ment. It struck theswife on the head and knocked her down. The lamp exploded, and the woman's clothes were immediately in flames, but they were extinguished as quickly as possible, the prisoner himself throwing:his jacket round his wife. In terrible suffering she was re- moved to the Infirmary. The prisoner was at once ap- prehended and charged with the offence, and his reply was "I wish it had gene through her heart,l wish it had killed her." For some time her life was in great danger. Prisoner said he was drunk at the time of the assault, and he did not know what he was doing. The jury fcund the prisoner guilty, and the Judge, commenting upon the prevailing ',practice among a cer- tain class of the community of throwing lighted paraffin lamps as missiles, sentenced prisoner to three years' penal servitude.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
"AS MANY LIVES AS A OAT."

ADVENTURES OF A FIREMA.N.

When a member of the staff (says the " Newcastle Daily News ") went in search of Mr. John Smith,a stoker on board the s.s. " Polo," trading between Hull and Newcastle-on-Tyne, he found that interesting personage busily engaged in the engine room of his vessel, t that moment moored alongside the Newcastle Quay. Mr. Smith was on board the ill-fated steamer "Betty "when she collided with a Hartlepool vessel and SUNK IN FIFTEEN MINUTES, the crew escaping by means of their own boats. This was sufficiently interesting for a chat, but the real object of the visit was to ascertain the truth of the report that Mr. Smith had lately experienced another narrow escape of another sort. "It is quite true," said Mr. Smith. " Will I tell you about it ? With the greatest pleasure. "I am not one that makes a practice of raising an outcry over my troubles," Mr. Smith continued, " but since you raise the subject, I have no objection to tel you what has happened. There is no fairy tale about it."

"I never expected there was," said the " News ' representative, "and that is the one reason why I desire your unvarnished testimony." Having lit a Pipe. Mr. Smith, a man above the aver- age intelligence of his class, and certainly not given to exaggeration, began his story methodically as follows : —" My home is at 8, Western-buildings,William-street, Hull. For sixteen years 1 have been at sea, and up to the age of twenty-eight enjoyed the best of health. About that time the unusual conditions under which I work began to tell upon my constitution ; and when I say that we are somellmes compell( d to work in a TEMPERAT.,RE AEGISTERING 120 DEGEEES, you may not be surprised that the best of us show signs of premature decay, with an incapacity to per- form our common duties. Apart from this, the noxious fumes caused by burning oil and other substances all , add to the difficulties of our position. Of course I ex- pected to throw ()Ll' the languid fe3ling which I was con- stantly experiencing, but I found I could not do so, and even a turn of fresh air when off duty failed to rid me of the growing indis.„. ositiob. It seemed to get into my very bones, and the na3ty fumes so settled "upon me that I could taste them with my food. I lost my appe- tite,and conseqqently grew rapidly worse. The captain and the rest of my mates could see that there was some- thing radically wrong with me. I sought the advice •f doctors, but not one of them made any difference in my condition. I gradually grew worse. To make life still more miserable I was constintly attacked with neuralgia. The end of it was that I had to remain at home, and quite LOST ALL EXPECTATION OF ESCAPE."

"Had you any pain, Mr. smith ?" "Apart from my neuralgia I cannot say I had. My condition was one of continued weariness. I was lan- guid and lost all interest in everything. Life was in- deed a burden."

" How came you to escape from this new danger? You must Iwo . As MANY LIVES AS A CAT."

"It was through my wife's suggestion. She read of the many cures effected, when ordinary medicine failed, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pala People. I had been at home a fortnight when I bought the first box." "I suppose you would take a good many boxes before you found any beneficial results." " I thought I should have to, but to my surprise I had scarcely finished the firs,: box when I found life was still worth living, and I returned to my ship. I did not rush to conclusions all at once, but I made no mistake in at- tributing my improvement to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I am certain I should have had to

===== 0002601_18961121_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
LEATH THE SHIP,

and return home if I had not heard of this remedy. I was never better in my life now."

"How many boxes have you taken already

"Only four, but I never want to be without. I carry them with me and look upon them as the only means of pulling myself together in case the depressing conditions in which I work should make me need a tonic of some sort."

It was evident no passing fancy that caused Mr. Smith to express himself in

THIS EMPHATIC WAY.

Mr. Smith's case confirms the testimony of the 5,156 persons who, up to October, have been cured of various disorders by ths samelmeans. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are not a purgative: they are not like other medicine, nor can they be imitated, as is some- times dishonestly pretended ; take rare that the pack- age bears the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and in case of doubt send eirect to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, Lon- don, DC., as the Pills can be had post-free at 2s. 9d., or six boxes for 13s. 93. They have cured numerous cases of rheumatism, paralysis,locomotor ataxy, sciatica, influenza, anEemia, palpitations,and the disorders which arise from impoverished blood, such as muscular weak- ness, loss of appetite. shortness of breath, pain in the back, nervous headache, early decay, and all form of female weakness. Pink Pill sold loose, or from glass jars, lare not the pills witich cured Mr. Smith, but a eless imitation; insist en the full name.

A RAMBLE AFAR.

Br R. E. K.

On a solitary island off the west of Scotland there is a lone little village, were quietly and neacefnlly the inhabitants pass their simple lives free from the harassing cares and worries of competition, free from the grimy smoke and miserable poverty atten- dant on civilisation, out of the struggle for exist- ence. Here in the evening, while walking along the shore after the last rays of a golden sunset had faded away in the darkness of night, one could see —intermittently, in the South, the revolving lights of the Lighthouse on the Island of Rathlin off the North of Ireland ; on the west the lighthouse which served to direct vessels to the village Quay ; and on the east, the lights of the Mull of Cantire could be seen glimmering out their guiding light, while, as the moon rose and silently climbed the vault of heaven, her calm and beautiful light danced on the sparkling ripples of the silvered sea pr, ever and anon, hid herself behind streaks of evening cloud which for a moment veiled the moonbeans from the sight. A walk of five miles from the village, over heather clad hills and bogland, odorous of peat, brought the traveller to a scene which to those who live amidst the great centres of civilisation may well appear very primitive. One cottage stands on the open moorland, and around, here and there, lie ruins of former cottages in which the crofters once had slept ere they were turned out of their quiet home and despatched by the owner of the land to seek their fortunes in a foreign coun- try. The one cottage that remained was small con- sisting of two rooms on the ground floor and was built of rough stone hewn from the rocks which nigh at hand frowned o'er the sea. The roof con- sisted of wooden rafters sparsely thatched over. On entering the cottage one's first thought was that the chimney wanted a cleaning or that the hut was on fire, for the reom was full of the smoke arising from the pro Weeks which burnt in the centre of the ffloor. Tie o;.ly ev'ts for the smoke were a small hole in the roof. an,l the opened door. From the roof hung a chain over the Are, to which was attached a small iron cauldron containing potatoes. Beside the fire, watching the potatoss baking, sat an old man and an old woman. This old couple were a type of a class of poor Highlanders which is fast becoming extinct. They were thoreugly Gaelic in speech and manner. The old woman left the old man to watch the potatoes while she set about pre- paring some large round oatmeal cakes, in a manner that reminded one of the herdsman's wife who was baking cakes when King Alfred sought shelter under her roof.

The cottage standing on en open extent of moor- land, was within two hundred yards of the rugged coast, which was exposed to the full fury of the Atlantic breakers, and about which there were many stories of lives lost, by reason of its treacher- ous nature. The furniture of the cottage consisted of two or three wooden stools or roughly made chairs and the table which was made of plain wood, while the floor was neither paved nor boarded, save that around the fireplace, there were a few rough stones. There was one other room, used as a bedroom, into which a door opened from the room just described. The bedroom was occupied by tlse brother of the old woman who was very feeble and slowly dying. But little attention was apparently paid to him and he was left to pass away the weary and lonely hours as best he cou:d, perhaps with reflections on the monotony and pain- fulness of life, perhaps longing for that change which,ell must hope will bring to the wretched of earth,a happy relief and the blessing of joy eternal. This man has since passed from the toil of this world,to that mystic shore whither all must follow; to that bourne whence none return. The old man and old woman still linger on and continue their simple life, making their own clothes,spinning into a rough cloth the fibres obtained by themselves from certain plants and grasses which grow there- abouts; dyeing their clothes with a juice extracted from a species of sea-weed found on the shore and even moulding some of their dishes. of which they have only a very small stock. Knives and forks and such things are a luxury not used by them. Thefipinning- wheel is evidently one that has been handed down through many generations and, though old, still does its work. The only books the old couple pos- sessed were a Gaelic bible and a Gaelic hymn book and these were the only books ever read by them. They could neither speak nor understand a word of English, but my companion being able to under- stand and speak Gaelic fluently, engaged in an ani- mated conversation with the old woman, which I could not understand. Gaelic, however, sounds very tine when spoken by a native and the feelings seem very beautifully expressed by the lan- guage. The old woman was interrupted in her conversa- tion by the entry of a flock of geese and hens, quacking and cackling in great glee while parading round the room. Thereupon the old woman sent them out and fed them. She makes it a custom to visit the nearest village about once a fortnight to buy in any necessaries which neither she nor her husband can do without. I have it recorded as a noteworthy incident that Estrophael, the old woman, bought a kettle on one of these occasions. It is only on very rare occasions that she parchases anything. The distance she has to walk to the vilhl'e is ove,r.five miles of very bad ground for walking, and one cannot help wondering how these people can possibly exist during the winter when the snows sometimes drift to a depth of six feet and more. The old couple have a certain touch of pride, and are possessed of quite enough means to keep themselves much more comfortably, but grudge spending it. They perhaps enjoy the life they have always been accustomed to, and not having experienced the luxuries of civilisation do not feel the need of them. They have some advant- ages not possossed by millions of men living in our busy centres of industry. They have fresh air; they are natural and surrounded by all that is natural They have enough wholesome food to keep them alive without any of the adulterated pernicious eatables now generally consumed. They are not slaves to drink, they are not like hot-house flowers but rather like wild plants which thrive best when left free and unconfined. They are healthy ani though the old man and old woman and formerly tthe woman's brother all slept in the same room, they are not so shut up from the light of the sun and the sight of nature as are the sons of toil existing in our great manufacturing towns. They know nothing of the world outside their little hut, save the very little news the old women gets when she makes a trip to the village—which is itself but little affected—and knows but little of the great developments of civilisation. They have no idea of the many varieties and the many vicissi- tudes of the outer world. They know not or doubts arising from modern enlightenment and live in con- tentment with a simple faith in their only books, the bible and the hymn book. The many struggles going on in the world with its failures and disasters, with its successes and its victories, are hot for them while they are quite oblivious of the enlightening influence of education.

It is not unpleasent to find that in Great Britain there still remain a few unfrequented and isolated spots,around which still hangs the odour of anti- quity, and where are people who yet ietnain un- touched by the great waves of advancement. Jr is interesting to look at these relics of the past which the huge wave has left high and dry. as yet, but which,by the rapidly rising tide of progress, must, ere long.be washed away and engulfed in the ever active strife of.competition. I have given one true example of' these out-of-the-world scenes still to be found, which lingeringly await their development by the prowess of the manufacturer and the compe- tition of commerce.

FUNERAL OF MRS. Winnow, OF PRESTON BROOK.

The remains of Mrs. Betty Whitlow, widow of the late Mr. John Whitlow,farm6r,of Stretton, were on Tuesday afternoon interred at Stretton Parish Church, the Rev. H. T. Clark, vicar of Dare-iburYt officiating. The deceased had for many years re- sided with her daughter, Mrs. Taylor, of the Hill Farm,Preston Brook,and although nearly 95 years of age,had retained her mental faculties almost to the last. Being connected with most of tht princi- pal farmers in the districtia large number attended to pay a last tribute of respect to her. CUTLERY and Electro-Plated GOODS.—GARLAND, Bridge-atreet, Warrinton—Adrt•

YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION P.S.A. The inclemency of the weather was eccuntable for Sunday's P.S.A. meeting not being so largely attended as usual, but it was, nevertheles4, a good one. Mr. Owen presided, and spoke of the ever- increasing usefulness of the P.S.A., urging all who were connected therewith to unite together for a great effort on behalf of cheir fellow-men. Mr.Sand- ford delivered a good address upon "The Power of Love," which was listened to with close attention. Miss Coubrough contributed two solos—" 0 Lord, Thou has searched me," and "Jesus' grave." in a pleasing manner. Mr. Barber, Mr. flolford, jun.,and Mr. Kent also took part in the meeting

X OH DEAR ME, I FOROU X

TO GIVE

TUDOR WILLIAMS' BALSAM of HONEY

TO MY CHILDREN BEFORE THEY RETIRED TO BED.

I am certain they will cough all Night wizhout it. There is nothing in the Market equal te it; thoroughly up to date. ONE OF THE MOST REMARKABLE REMEDIES OF THE AGE.

TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM

OF HONEY

No- mother should neglect; to keep this Infallible Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. Re, member that it is wiser to check a slight cough at the commencement than to allow it to develop into a linger.i ing complaint. Ask distinctly for TUDOR WILLI.L.Ve BALSAM ON HONEY, and see that you get the right article Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing should give it a trial.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGEST SALE OF ANY COUGH AND LUNG MEDICINE IN THE WORLD.

BRONCHITIS.

There are thousands of children who die annually frem Bronchitis, Whooping Cough, and Croup. A grand discovery has been made for the curs of such complaints. namely, TIMOR WILLIAMS' BALSAM OF HONEY, which contains Welsh honey and an essence extracted from a selection of the purest and most efficacious herbs. it Swansea lady declares that this Balsam acts like magic on her children whenever they are afflicted with one ot these kindred complaints.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
40,000 TESTIMONIALS TO HAND FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.

TESTIMONIALS TO HAND DAILY.

Sir,—Great praise is due to your Patent Balsam Of Honey, and particularly amongst the aged. I have riot the least doubt that when this hard weither breaks,that the men can resume work again, you will receive num! berspf orders. There are a great number here suffering from Coughs, Colds, and Chest Affections. I will not be without a bottle of it in the house henceforth.—YourS faithfully,Awrnua Harsev,2,Clifton Villas,Plevna Roads Hampton, Middlesex. February 12th, 1295.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE BRITISH ARMY SPEAKS HIGHLY OF IT.

During the two years that our itegiment wain Pew., broke Dock I used your Tudor Williams' Balsam of floney,and found that there was not another Cough and Lung Cure on the British market equal to it. Send ma on a case for my friends at ONCll.—Band Sergeant W. BARDS, Ist Bat. The Goan. Rangers, Anglesca Barracks, Portsea, Portsmouth.

ACTING ARMY SCHOOLMASTER 1; • Sir,—Enclose cheq,ie for a further supply of your Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. I have used it is many cases of Coo_ us and Colds. It has never failed to effect a compiLLti cure.—Prof. Gro. H. AraiNsoNs Aldershot.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores in is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. Bottles. Sample Bottles sent (post paid) for is. 3d., 35., and 55.; from the Inventor—

===== 0002601_18961121_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
D. Tudor Williams, MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE,:

PENNY CONCERTS AT .;T. PAUL'S SCHOOLS. The third season of penny concerts given at St: Paula's Infant School, Kendrick-street, was opened on Saturday evening. The programme was arranged by Mr. E. Wilkes, A.L.C.M., organist at St. Paul* Church, who is to be congratulated upon bringing together such an excellent company of artistes. Miss Mclver very charmingly sang in costume "The very worst girl in school,"for which she was loudly applauded, and she responded by singing `! Maggie, the cows are in the clover." Mr. Glover was also encored for his song "The Wrecker's Light,' which he sang with great, vigour, and replied to the encore by singing "The Diver." The @Mier artistes were all received with great applause. The rest of the pro-, gramme was:--Piano duet by Misses Mclver; songir by Mr. Watts," My sweetheart when a boy," and " Only once more "; by Miss Rickers ; quartet on flute, violins, and piano," Le Diacenie„' and trio " Carnival of Venice," by Messrs. Osborne, Brough, and Wilkes; violin sole, "The Bamboo Dance," Mr. Brough ; while Mie3 Mclver played a piano solo. " Saltarelle " ; and Mr. Glover sang "In Friend- ship's Name."

TUROAT IRRrrATION AND COUGU.—SOreilegB and dryness; tickling and irritation, indncing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps's Glycerine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeattle °nem- Mons becomes actively healing. Soli only in boxes, 744.. tins Is, lid., labelled " JAatpa EPPS Co., Ltd., Hon:lre°- p .thic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work on " Dose and Throat Diseases." sa 5: "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubtei service M a curative or palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon- Holmes Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary' writes: " After an e..tended Wel, I have found your Gly- cerine Jujubea of consid:?rat,le beuell'-, in altno .t all for.as of throat disease." (No. 1)

===== 0002601_18961121_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE,

INVALUABLE FOR

COUGHS, BRONCHITIS & ASTHMA TOWLE'S CHLOROOYME gives instant relief in Consumption, Diarrhom, &c. Towle's Chlorodype, rjrl, for 34 doses. TAKE NO OTHER.

QVICICLT coursor ALL TRB.ZOITLASTIRES, REMOVA—ALLI oparittrerroxs, and relieve the distr,sing symptoms so prevalent with the s(x. Dozes, lil & 2/9 !!he latter).- containC 'three the the quantity), of all Ch,p.ia,s. or will he seal lanywhere. on receipt of 15 or 34 rtnlapa, by the Maker- .T. TOWLE, Chemist. Not' wham. Beware of Initati,ne

********* * 2,000,000. :

* TWO-MILLION JL Ae rtir) DRINKING it BROOKE, BONDS' TEA

TO-DAY.

- Just think a minute, and try to ref...llse • ."-s.-:,:,: *whet that fact nseans. It's a srprti;iig lapel truth, aisd it's proved by the Loud Tea Duty ........ti lirthat we pay the Government out of the Noiii total that the Chtueellor of the EKeloquer ._ certifies he receive for all the Tea con- Iril, ifir Burned throughout the Kingdom. • ''... If there are twenty thousand people in _.. 3er your town, our own actual sales of tea are 30* certified to be sufficient to supply all the *tea consumed by all the people put t sgether t+ in one hundred towts as hiz as yours, Yes, we do sell tea for two million pc )0., eli. *• every day. This is, indeed, a stpriliiig truth. And what does it prove? It is the best possible proof that tte tiritish People 3411' *have tound out for themselves and proved that BROOKE. BONDS' TEL is the very hest Jar! * value in thetKiugdom. iiia;l OUR AGRNTS RVERYWHEBR 40116.. _ .

*sell it at prices to suit everybody and every 2ise purse * 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-,2/4, &2/8 *- * A LB. * * BROOKE, BOND & CO., LIMITED. 41,1114 * THE LANCASHIRE TEA IVAiLF.HOU,3L7.. *

*********

1.7. PVICADTT.T.V, 29. MLRIC.F:T ST3lr }AA:W-1" 201 i

OW ES °s' VT' Par. Pit LS FOR. F (MALE.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
the " Cramintr " &ems; OF LiNOASECIE AND CILESIIIRE COUNTY NEWSPFPERS: Comprises rr HE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrHE St. Ifekns Examiner, published every Friday ..i. afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday el. morning.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED,

SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR tOLD.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

laomtau inrbantsl Str.

WANTED, a GIRL for farmhouse; able to milk.—Apply, jY T R. Bispham, Poulton.

'W ANTED GENRRAL, not under 17.vrith good references. —Apply to Mrs. ZRrrYr. Church Stretton.

WANTED, COOK-MINERAL, small family, housemaid kept.—Apply 33, ALEXANDRA-ROAD. Southport.

WANTED. good GENERAL' SERVANT.—AppIy 21, AL- BANY-ROAD, Chorkon-ctun-Hardy, Blanche3ter.

WANTED, plain COOK or GENBRAL.—AppIy Mrs. HARBOTTLE, The Nunnery, Orrell Mount, Wigan.

WANTED, a strong GIRL, about 16, to Assist in House- work.—Apply 146, Lloyd-street, Greenheys, Manches- _

WANTED, goad CIHNERAL, wages £9 ; no washing and 'V V no young children.—Apply WH/TES, 193, Park-road, Ilverpool.

WANTED strong General SERVANT used to children; good references required.-29. ASH:FIELD, Wavertree, Liverpool.

WANTED NURSE, young, must be well recommended.— Apply Mrs. BLAKE, Craigle Lea, Alderley Edge, Manchester.

WANTED, by respectable person. baby to nurse.-- Address Mae. EDWARDS, 589, Hyde Road, Gorton, Manchester.

WANTED. GENERAL; experienced, good home (last servant six years).-88, ALEXILNDRi-ROAD, Moss Side, Manchester.

11,TANTED, Strong GIRL, able to wash and do house- ! V work ; state age and wage.-36 IitYLTON-ST., Trafford- road, Salford.

AV-P#NfED, GENERAL SERVANT, 18 to 20; washing; family of two.—Address 8., 160, RYDAL MOUNT, Cheatham, Manchester

ANTED, Good GENERAL, comfortable home ;no child- VTren; small house.-171, THE Mourur, Holiings-road, Manningham, Bradford.

SPIRVANT3' RIMISTRY, all classes of servants engaged. Ladies wanting servants should apply to Mrs. KIRK, IL Hnrnly-road, Blackpool.

T ADIES Requiring Servints, and Servants Requiring Situ- ations, please apply (stamp), Miss PARSONS, 43, Claypit Street, Whitchurch, Salop.

WANTBD, at once a Good GENERAL. able to wash; must have good reference,—Apply 127, GREY MARE-LANE. Bradford, Manchester.

VVTANTED, COOK-GENERAL; Housemaid kept; net over 24.—Apuly by letter with references, ELMSIDE, Spring-road, Headingley, Leeds. IVANTRD Country GIRL, for kitchen work, where another is kept ; no washing; wages £l9-212—Miss WALKER, Swinton Park, Manchester.

AV-ANTED, young GBNBRAL ; family two, wages 65. weekly. Personal application perferred,-47, BOLTON OLD ROA.D, Atherton, near Manchester.

WANTBD. strong GENERAL, age between 23 and 24 ; one who can wash ; wage £10; good references.— Apply 263, WEST DERBY ROAD, Livernool.

'WANTED. (good) GENERAL SET-WANT; family of two; m.ist be 0.%d to cook and wash ; not over 30. —Apply by letter. Mrs BAILEY, 35, Hawarden Avenue, Liverpool.

WANTED, Good GENERAL SERVANT ; age about 22; able to cook and bake; kitchen girl kept.—Apply, stating I:vges, to Mrs. PICKLES, Westfield-grove, Wakefield.

11TANTHD, good PLNIN COOK, to Wash. Iron, and B die ; age 25-35; wages £L6 ; twn chi' lren; Ho nse- maid kept.—Address, Mrs. O'BRIEN, Bosley Vicarage, near Congleton, Cheshire

WANTED, a thorough GENERAL SERVANT, able to caok and wash ; small familv ; nurse kept ; good wages.—Apply Mrs. R. B. FURNIVAL, The Elms, North Red- dish, near Siockoort.

k TsrafGamoondy GnEoNwEarts.ALn,SElTraAgNesT 11Zoteltpvity), for letter saying age, and when disengaged to Mrs. FLETCHER , 1, Southport-road, Chorlev.

mALE and FEMALE NURSES /N,TITUTION, 70. Hope- street, Liverpool.—Establ,shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr .ph.—•' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570 WANTED. bright, cheerful GIRL, about 16, to assist in snvlll house and with two children ; light work, and plenty of leisure ; can return mine for Christmu holidays if desirel.—Apply by letter, enclosing photo if possible, which will be returned.—Mrs. BOLTON, 94, Dickenson-road, liusbolme, near Manchester.

ED bt t.

PRCY-STREET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re decorated ss.

HOYLE-ST.. re-decorated Tiouses,3l.9d. A.NE: - STREET, Warrington OFFICES, from 25, Room PENKETH.—Semi-detached HOUSES with gardens, £l5 and £l3 iser year. Cottages 33.6c1. and 2s. Bd. per wedi

Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

q,O LET,six-roomed HOUSR,good garden attached ,situated 1 in London-road,Stockton Heath, rent 43.6 d. per week.— ?. BOSTOCIE, Wilderspool, Warrington.

BUILTONWOOD.—Detactied ROUSH "Primrose Hill," with garden. stable. &c.; £2O clear.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-st., Warrington.

P REMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-at., WarrinEton. TLET.—Good COTTAGES off Lovely Lane, rent 48. 1 Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-at„ Warrington.

rpo LET.—Good HOUSE, 28, Catherine-st., 3 bedrooms, 1. rent, 4s. 6d.- Apply ASHTON, and Woos. solicitors, Horsemarket-street. Warrington.

110USii, situate, Eagle Mount. Wiliterspool, composed of two sitting-rooms, kitchen, cellar, snd other conveni- ences; rent £l6.—Apply J. BosrocK, Wilderspocl, Warring- ton.

TTLLT, the only Mili in Gre%t Wilbraham, Combs, with premises r.ll just put in thorough repair. No valua- tion, immediate possess on, low rent —FrsoN, Eloha , Cambs.

MOILIIIB HILL. WHITLEY. Cheshire, live miles from Warrington, TO BE LET ; seven rGoms ; garden and fruit trees, five acres land. stabling, coach-house, fcc.— FLETCHitit, Whitley. Northwich

,CIOYIPACT HOUSE TO LET, Hill Cliffe ; immediate po.isession ; furniture at valuation ; also for sale Wobtl BTAI3I, /3 and COACH-HOUSE, cockishoot DOGCART with rubberAyres, in firet-elass condition ; alto good sound COB and HARNESS —Apply JoHrt laitsxrra, 21, Museum-at., Warrington.

namAs GREEN & SON, LIMITZD, LBRDS AND LONDON.

Manufacturers of THE "SMITHFIELD" GAS ENGINE on the Improved Otto principle. Intending purchasers should see it before they plate then- orders, It is POWE hCONOMICAL, and CHEAP. Sizes in r4ock from 1 to 12 b.p. Second-band ones ot various sizes and patterns. and Tenairs promptly attended to. Also MAKERS of 31EAM ENGINES, STEAM BOILERS, VERTICAL, OCO-TY It CORNISH and LANCASHIRE PATTERNS. All Siz-s from 1 to 25 hp. We also supply CAST-IRON, MALLEABLE IRON, and BRASS CASTINGS at moderate prime to the trade and obhere.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE FOR L&DIES (Married or Single

DASM Al L'S WORLD-FAMED SPECI FIC, The only Safe and Effectual Rem,- dy on Earth for Correct, ing al: Irregularities and Removing all Üb-tructinns, from whatever cause arising. Before ordering eirewhere do not fail to send stamped addressed envelope for particulars. ac.. and then judge for yourselves. Thousands of genuine Testi- monia's have been received, proving it without a doubt to he the most astonishing medicine ever discovered. and really the " Ladies' True Friend." Beware of Copyists—many have re- cently sprung up, styling ttiecase!vea "Madame So-and.So " '• Retired Physicians, Specialists ac." They have no medical knowledge or experience. A.

DASMAIL,

Box 412, Langdale House. WALTHAMISTOW, LONDON. Est. nearly half a Century

===== 0002601_18961121_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
_ f_s_ x 4, 1'1? SATURDAY NOVEMBER 21, 18146

===== 0002601_18961121_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
gtiattiantatt.

DEAFNESS, HFAD NOISES. EARACHE, DIS- CHARGES, POLYPUS, THROAT and NASAL CATARRH.—The original and only genuine cure for these troubles is " MACKAY'S AIIE".LINE ESSENCE," Which may be distinguiehed from imitaLious by our protected and registered tr dernirk. A HUMAN EAR, en every bottle. Thousands of sufferers have been cured by this famous remedy, which is approved and recommended by many eminent aural surgeons. Sold by ..11 Chemists. Stores and Wholesale Agents at 2s. 91 or direct from the Proprietors. —The MACKAY REMEDY CO., 104. High Holborn. London. Reject men& artful imitations. worthless aud lajurious.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
fitigtilantom

===== 0002601_18961121_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FACTS

EYE STRAIN, DISTRESSING HEADACHES indigestion, simulated neuralgia, and nervous depres sion, are frequently caused by some peculiarity of the vision which can at once be overcome by the use of proper glasses —Bee

" OUR EYES ' by JOHN BROWNING, F.R.A.S., President of " The British Optical Asfociation." &c., (now in its Sixteenth Edition), price Is., post free ; or consult flee of char-tie.—

B JOHN 16 ROWNING,

Ophthalmic Optician, 63, STRAND, LONDON, W.O.

ggritultural

SOLD, Lancaster s celebrated photo- -150,000 graphic Cameras, &c., for Amateurs or Professionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY is at 71, Oxlord-street, (All Sainte). LiSts free. Second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

SOME important and interesting evidence was given. on Wednes- day by Mr. W. CROSFIRLD before the Royal Commission on the working of. the licensing laws. Mr. CROSFIELD'S evidence, of course, related more particularly to Liverpool, but it has a direct application to Warrington and other similiar towns. On the subject, for instance,. of magistrates " bartering" licenses with brewers,• what Mr. CROSFIRLD had to say applied with fully as much force, and perhaps more, to Warrington as to Liverpool. In Liverpool the attempts to' exchange several unprofitable, or at least less profitable, old licenses for one very profitable nevi one have, it appeared, been failures; in Warring- ton one such transaction at least has been taken. part in by the local bench. Mr. CROSFIELDOWRS' asked if he saw any objection in principle "to the bargaining for the suppression of five or sixhouses for the erection of one ?" His reply was prompt and emphatic. Such a principle. he said, was 0- " most pernicious" one, and in this opin- ion he will be supported by most people' who have given the subject serious and unbiassed consideration. Magistrates run s' serious risk of degrading the responsible office which they hold when they come down to the. bar- gaining or bartering business With anybody who. appears before them. And, besides, as Mr. CROS' YIELD said, the point which magistrates should consider when a new license is applied for is the' need of the district in which it is proposed to locate the license. If the people of, that district. do not want the licensed house in their vicinity it is neither more or less than odious tyranny W' force it upon them. Another objection to the bartering of-licenses is the fact that it is, always' the brewer and not the public who stands to gain. by the arrangement. Mr. CROSFIELD put this side' of the question very appositely and concisely. 10 was asked if the proposal to surrender ha-wdozen licenses was not a tempting offer., andi replied, "Undoubtedly, but L think it would be reasonable to suppose that the licenses that were being surrendered were licens3s which have lost or are losing their value, and that in the cedheari course of business the individual who makes the offer will before very long find it to his interest" to close the house." The accuracy of the state' mint is, broadly spoaking„ self-evident. When firm.of brewers offers these exchanges of licensee, it does not do so with the object of losing by the exchange. The owning of publis-houses I's a buff hese, the end,and abject of which is moiler making. Some people may. and possr.ibly with some show of reason, argue that their business° of_ a philanthropic or quasi-philanthrivic chars° ter, but brewers do not and. can notargue in th° way 1..;,1: nil.; should, therefore., per-emptora decline to allow themselves to be made tll9 medium of a profitable "deal," no matter unclef what plausible guise it nsay he. presented to thenii; Mr. W. CROSFIELD also dealt in his evidence Wlt the" restricted "districts in Liverpool, that ie say the districts in which there are no pubh(re 'houses awing to the fact that the owners of 0., land will not allow public-houses to be opened (76 their property. It is sometimes argued that a hardship to deprive any populous locallt4 of its public-house, or not to endow' 0 with a public-house if it has not 'to begin with. But in Liverpool the peoples rn, cording to Mr. CROSFIELP,, "Show great willll/1' ness and eagerness to get out of the neighbo.l hood where public-howles are prevalent, and neighbourhoods where they know there are nocleoi The result of the removal from an unrestrict

Licensing Ques-

tions.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
to a rest] Physical I change ] CROSFIEI

their con, nised as Liverpoo PrOteCte( triOtS. r. brewers 1

of these trates ha althougl six old

subject PIELD

fc sling reformer

Bing cas,

trates a damns tl regard t towns.

those w local ma characte which tl in a sen they liv their de county qualifiec It is to leads to

One of i

appeals

livered

unsatisi

supposE the pre: is the lE one of t

is notlli

said by even b 3

tion wh

Govern it has 3 that, ot about t not say did sa, do. T 1

any big tion thi

tion eh assistai schools and in too lar debate

parisor critics

House BALFO

referei —that count special take u the C) to 100 l Turke

ring t( "the ment

spirit deject spirat none

===== 0002601_18961121_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
OUSE. SON,

LINEN and

to inform C generally OUSE, 7ti, IS NOW of their DA AASK lEETINGS, CAMBItIO

GENILIII- - and bkLCLOTH- -11 of which- LOTUItERS' nd inspect:

CTURERS,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
EMEDY

)IGESTION, WIND, )N, IRRITABILITY, SIA, HEARTBURN.

a box by them to the part of those in to the regular ny a severe illness iy tone and vigour sary organs of the ,y, thus restoring trengtheuing the

cket. Do not be nediciue instead. 6eymour Ylace,

HANDY,

BRANDY.

[S DELICIOUS THE FAMOUS

Good tonic. e in the open air. and don't be put

laidaone.

E-,trtrs

C NEWSPAPERS.

Examiner, pub-

Iner, published

every Friday

i every Batur-

every Saturday.

EMENTS.

Weeks. ... 28. Od.

... 3s. Od.

~... 4s. Od. ... 58. Oil., ... 6s. Od.

ly. No advertise- r insertion.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
EE. t, 1896,,

nd interesting n. on Wednes-

,OS FIE LD before orking of- the evidence, of Liverpool, but arring ton and :t, for instance, with brewers, plied with fully to Warrington e attempts to

at least less profitable new

; in Warring- las been taken. CROSFIELD vas' nciple " to the ye or sixhousee ly was prompt ie said, was *- I this opin-. most people'

serious and

trates run a' ,ponsible office wn to the bar anybody who

, as Mr. Citos.

3trates- should led for is the'

s proposed to E that diatiet

heir vioinity it la tyranny ta jootion to the t it is. always' stands to gain.

:41) put this side, concisely. Tender halt-a- -; an be k it -would, be lsea. that, were ich have lost or the cardiiseri rho makes tho re his interest r of t,ke state'

eat. When

:_es of liii.cense., f losing by th! DUSOS /us a btor

ich is moue! poet ,ibly wit) air business thripic chars" •argue in till' as per-emptorill be made tb9 3 matter uncit3l sented to thesli: is evidence wit" rpool, that is ta are no public' owners of tile ,o be opened °,ll irgued that ito pulous loca it

to endoW has not oli° )1 the people, riv great f the neighboor valent, and it 6, v there are nove:A an unrestrictr

to a restricted area is to be seen in the improved PilYsical and moral condition of the people. "The change in their surroundings has," says Mr. CROSFIELD, "brought about an improvement in their condition, so that they can hardly be recog- rased as the same people." The magistrates of Liverpool have—let it be said to their credit— Protected the inhabitants of the restricted dis- tricts. There is a great desire on the part of brewers to establish public-houses on the horde s of these districts, but in every instance the magis trates have refused the applications for licenses, although offers have been made to give up five or six old licenses a the new one. One Other subject was touched upon by Mr. CROS- FIELD which will awaken a sympathetic Iceling in the breasts of all temperance reformers—that was the power of appeal in licen- sing cases from local magistrates to county magis- trates at Quarter Sessions. Mr. CROSFIELD con- demns this arrangement as most unsatisfactory in regard to the cities, and,he might have added,the towns. This is really a system of appeal from those who know to those who do not know. The local magistrates have a full knowledge of the character and requirements of the localities for which they act, and in addition to that, they are in a sense responsible to the people amongst whom they live ; yet under the present system of appeal their decisions may be upset by a number of county gentlemen, who are not nearly as well qualified in point of knowledge to pass judgment. It is to be hoped that if the R3yal Commission !eads to anything in the way of licensing reform one of its accomplishments will be the abolition of appeals to Quarter Sessions.

It is to be feared that even the Mr. Balfour at Rochdale most uncritical Tory will find that the speech which Mr. BA.LFOUB, de- livered at Rochdale on Tuesday is of an extremely unsatisfying nature. Mr. BALFOUR is popularly supposed to be the most important man in the present Government aaer Lord SALISBURY; he is the leader of the House of Commons, and he is one of the "inner ring" of the Cabinet, yet there is nothing in his speech that might not have been said by the most inGdest of under s3cretaries, or even by a Conservative who holds no official posi- tion whatever. We do not know whetly3r the Government has any definite policy or not, but if it has Mr. BALFOITR does not reveal it. It is true that, on domestic subjects something was said about the education question. Mr. BALFOUR, did not say what the G ivernment, intended to do; he did say, however, what they intended not to do. They are not going to attempt to pass any big Education Bill next year. In that direc- tion they evidently intend to confine their atten- tion chielly,if not entirely, to the giving of further assistance out of public fund to the voluntary schools. But whatever they do they will do piec3meal and in separate Bills. The last Education Bill was too large and complex for Mr. BALFona,and in the debates upon it he cut only a poor figure in com- parison with Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT and the other critics of the Bill on the Opposition side of the House. When speaking on foreign topics, Mr. BALFOUR was equally vague and indefinite. His references to Armenia were in the usual Tory vein —that is to say, he depreciated the power of this country, and denied that the Arntenians had any special claim upon us. It is an ignoble positio nto take up, considering that one of the conditions of the Cyprus Convention was a special undertaking to look after the welfare of the Christians of Turkey. A leading Russian newspaper, in refer- ring to Lord SALISBURY'S Guildhall speech says " there stands at the head of the British Govern- ment a man not possessing sufficient strength of spirit to inspire new faith and life into the morally- dejected people of England." There was no in spiration in Lord SALISBURY'S speech, and there is none in Mr.BALFOUR'S.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWSHIP AT WARRINGTON

JUVENILE BURIAL —SOCIETY.—PRESENTATION TO THE LATE SECRETARY. The Board of Directors of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows Juvenile Burial Society(Warrington District) met at the White Bull, Hersemarket street, on Monday evening, for the purpose ef making a presentation of a rumble timepiece to Bro. Pownall, late secretary, who severed his connection with. the Board a short time ago owing to his leaving the town. Before the presentation the members sat down to a rabbit pie supper. Bro. W. ch irman of the Board, presided over the proceed- ings, and in calling on Bro. Cross, one of the trustees,to make the presentation, said they all knew for what pur- pose they met that night,which was to make a presenta- tion of a marble timepiece to their respected late secre- tary, Bro. J. Pownall. He hoped the present would be handed down as an heirloom in Bro. Pownall's family. Bro. CROSS, in making the presentation which it may be stated was supplied by Messrs. E. and A. Eustance, Sankey-street, said he could assure them that he consi- dered it an honour to have been aelted to make the pre- sentation to Bro. Pownall. They owed much to the efforts of their brother,who had always striven to make the society what it was at the present time. When he (tho speaker) first came on the Board Bro. Powitall oc- cupied the position of vice-chairman, a positinn he ful- filled with honour to himself and credit to the Board.and the Board recognised his services when they appointed him to the honourable position of chairman. Afterwards he was appointed in turn to the position of treasurer and secretary, which he also occupied with every credit to himself and the society. Be (Bro. Cross) hoped the timepiece would be received by the members of Bro. Pownall's family as a memento of the esteem in which he was held by the members of the society. In conclu- sion he hoped Bro. Pownall would live to see the clock record many happy years. Bre. JOHN APPLETON spoke in high terms of praise of the services Bro. Pownall had rendered to the society. He hoped their brother would value the gift not for its intrinsic value, but as a mark of the great esteem in which he was held by the Board. The VICE-CHAIRMAN (Bro. Savory) said during the time he had sat on the Board,Bro. Pownall had been an officer worthy of esteem. He regretted the circumstances which called forth the presentation. He was glad to see Bro. Pownall again with them, and hoped he would speedily be restored to geod health. Bro. JOYNSON appropriately referred to the services Bro. Pownall had rendered the society, and gave a brief resume of the growth of the society sines its inauguration in 1868. The first year's working of the society resulted in their placing £27 15s. 3.1 d. to their credit, and now. after 28 years had gone by, they were worth £1,552 Ss. 81,which was invested as follows :—ln the Corpora- tion, £l,OOO ; Warrington Savings Bank, £240; Medical Association,£lso ; Warrington District of the G.U.0.0., £lOO ; lodge Inan,,£so ; in treasurer's hands. £l2 belt In all they pad 482 death claims, and they had now a membership of 941. Much of this pcpularity had been brought about by the efforts of Bro. Pownall and his brother officers. Bro. POWNALL, who was deeply moved,in responding, said the present bed taken him by surprise. He had no idea that in doing what was only his duty he had earned the approval of the Board more than any of the other officers. S';11 he wos proud to think the members appre- ciated his .1 ,rte on behalf of the society. Ele well remembered 11-4 commencement, and he might claim to have been coenected with it since then, as in 1169 he entered one of hi- children as a juvenile. In 1874 he was elected a delegate, --, as it was now called, a director, and ever since it ha.: been his ambition to see the ex- penses of their collectors covered by the interest from their securities. He was glad to notice in the last balance sheet this had been accomplished, as their in- terest amounted to £4O, while the collectors' expense 4 were only £3B odd. He again thanked them ane and all for their valuable present, which he could assure them would be highly treasured by him and the members of his family. The rest of the evening was spent in a convivial man- ner, and votes of thanks brought the proceedings to a close.

A young man named John Rowell, a leadminer, of Rock-hope, in Weardale, in company with four others, Walked about eight miles over the fells en Saturday to 'witness the Braes of Derent hounds. When returning they were overtaken by darkness and fog, and were lost to each other. Only four grrivecl their destination. On Sunday unavailing search of the Fells was made, but on Monday a search party of over 100 men was organised, and the dead body of the missing man was found on tile Fells.

RITN GO RN AND w i_DN ES.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL BOARD CASES.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Mr. J. Brundret and Mr. T. Rigby, the following persons were each fined 53. for neglecting to send their children regularly to school :—Thomas James, Surrey-street ; Edward Wainwright,Robert-Areet ; Job Nield, Handley- street.

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. The usual weekly meeting of the Brunswick Mutual Improvement Siety was held on Wednesday evening in the Brunswick schoolroom. Mr. E. Simister, presided, and there was a large attendance of members. Mr. Bighnell read a paper on gambling. During the course of his paper, he condemn I the practice most atrongly. A discussion followed.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUNKENNESS.

Two Norwegian sailors, named Eunda Abrahsen, and Inoras Gustavisen,belouging to the Ship Petropolis,were charged before Mr. F. J. Norman and Mr. Taylor, at the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesd4y morning, with be- ing drunk and disorderly in Percival-lane the previous night. P.C. Lakin proved the case, and they were each fined 51. and 53. 4d. costs.—Before Mr. J. W. Lightburn on Thursday morning, Herbert Barlow was fined 53. and coats for being drunk in Cooper-street on Wednesday night.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A RUNCORN FOOTBLLLER.

On Saturday afternoon, during the match between Runcorn Recreatian and Broughton Recreation, on tin ground of the former, an accident happened to T. Sum- merfield,of Weston. He was charging the centre three- quarter of the opposing team when they both fall to the ground. Qn rising it was found that the local player had sustained serious injuries. He was as quickly as possible attended to by Dr. MacLennan,who on examin- tion pronounced it a serious case of fractured collar bone.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLISION AT RUNCORN Dock

On Thursday morning the steamship Valde Travers, 500 tons burden, belonging to J. Harris, proceeding to Manchester from St. Valeri with flints, collided with the pierhead at Runcorn docks when enterieg the tidal basin. The force of the impact was very great aa the ship was coming up the Ship Canal on a high fl )od tide, but mar- vellously escaped serious damage. After discharging,the ship is proceeding to Manchester to be overhauled. CONCERT TOR THE WORKHOUSE INMATES.

Miss Rigby, of the Cedars, Sutton, along with a num- ber of ladies and gentlemen gave a concert at Dutton Workhouse,on Saturday afternoon. Mr. J. M.Willianas, one of the Guardians for Frodsham, presided, and the Programme consisted of songs, recitations, &c. The con- cert was much appreciated by the inmates. Hearty votes of thanks were given to the fellowing : Mrs. Rodger,Miss Rodger,Misss Alice Rigby,Miss Mr. Lewis, and Mr. Williams, for having provided such a pleasant entertainment. A vote o thanks was also passed to Mr. and Mrs. Cunnah, (master and matron)for their trouble.

DROWNING MYSTERY AT ASTON. An inquest was held at A.ston-by.:Sutton by Mr. J. E. Worslev, coroner, on Tuesday, on the body of William Henry Hart, gardener, Parkside Farm. Deceased, whose much-decomposed body was recovered from the river Weaver, had been missing since October 19, when he left The Boat public-house, Crowton, at tan o'clock at night, quite fresh. On his way home he had to walk a short distance along the riverside. Verdict, "Found drowned."

===== 0002601_18961121_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING PRES/INTATION AT RUNCORN.

On Tuesday evening Mr. R. Foulkes,of Frodshamoras the recipient of a massive gold albert guard, with pen- dant,on which is engraved : "Presented by a few well wishers connected with Camden Works,Runcorn, to Mr. Robert Foulkes, September, 1896 ;" on the reverse is en- graved "A square and compass, crown, Rev. ii. 10." He was also presented with four valuable books, viz., Bishop J. B. Lightfoot's Commentary on Philippians, Lane on Modern Egypt, Rev. Adolph Saphir's lectures, Latimer's •Lifo by Rev. R. Demans, M.A. The above were given along with a cheque. Mr. Foulkes returned his very greatful thanks to the subscribers,some of whom have known him during the vrJole period of thirty years in which he has beea engaged at the above soap works as yard manager,shipping and confidential clerk, and traveller.

FUNERAL OF AN OLD RUNCORNIAN. On Saturday afternoon, the remains of William Hitch- mough, aged 81 years, were interred in the burial ground connected with the Runcorn Parish Church. The de- ceased, who died at the residence of his nephew, Mr. George Howard, South Bank-terrace, on Wednesday night, was one of the oldest Oddfelfows in the district. He assisted in the establishment of the first lodge in Runcorn of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows,Man- ch -ster Unity. and has occupied several offices. For a great many years, prior to the construction of the L. and N.W. Railway bridge across the Mersey, he was the manager of the Ferry,the only means of communication between Widnes and Runcarn. After the erection ot the bridge he returned to his former employment, namely, sail making, which he relinquished only some five years ago. Deceased was a staunch conservative and a Churchman. He was followed nc grave by Messrs. Robert Foulkes, John Foulkes (Liverpool), John Davies, Cringhall, George Howard and William Howard. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. W. H. Stables.

RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANOR.

At the fortnightly meeting of this association, on Sat- urday night, in the Greenway-road School, under the presidency of Mr. George Holt, an interesting paper was read by Mr. Edward Key, on "Temperance efforts prior to the dawn of the modern temperance reform." After dwelling on the evils of intemperance he referred to the various efforts made before the present reform, com- mencing in 1828, to stem the tide of intemperance. He read a copy of a pledge taken by several Egyptian priests 4,000 years ago, and also referred to the history of the Nazarites. Mr. Key mentioned the names of the Bible worthies who were abstainers from drink. In closing his paper he alluded to the noble stand made by the Preston pioneers, Joseph Livesley, Thomas Swindle- burst, and ethers, all working men. After the reading of the paper there was a discussion, in which the follow- ing took part :—Messrs. George Holt, Daniel Bisbruwn, James Johnson, Thomas Clarke, and Thomas J. Holt. The speakers referred to the noble stand taken by veterans in the cause in their; own town, special refer- ence being made to the work accomplished by the late Mr. William Holt, a framed portrait of whom was on view, which had been presented to him (Mr. Holt) at a public meeting in the year 1842 by his co-workers in the cause, to slaow their appreciation of his services. An interesting meeting was then brought to a close, after a a vote of thanks had been accorded to Mr. Key f)r his paper.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN TOLUNTEERS.

PRIZE DISTRIBUTION BY LADY BROOKE.

The annual prize distribution in connection with th Runcorn Volunteers, took place on Monday night in the Public Hall.Runcorn. The evening's entertainment con- sisted cf a grind concert and dance. The proceedings were openeu by the band of the local corps playing a selection frem " Lucrezia Borgia!' Mr. Kennerley Rumford, baritone, of the Crystal Palace, and St. James' Nall concerts,who is so well known as a baritone singer, excellently rendered" Fair is my love," which was well received by the audience. " Asthore" (Darling) was rendered excellently, by Miss Gertrude Izard,soprano,of the principal London concerts a d Norwich festival. The well-known numorist,Mr. Leslie Ilarris,was greeted with a loud outburst of applause, when he made his ap- pearance on the stage. He rendered a humoreus sketch entitled" The gentle art of courting." He was loudly recalled. The distribution of prizes then took place. On the stage, Lady and Sir Richard Brooke, Colonel Ashton, Colonel Rich, (South Lancashire Regiment), Captain Burton, adjutant, Majors Smith, Harrison, and Dutton, Captain Evans, Lieutenants, Bromley, Burton,Brundritt, and Ashton and the Rev. Dr. Preston' (chaplain). Captain G. F. Ashton, commanding the Runcorn de- tachment, said that before the prizes were distributed, he on behalf of the Runcorn Volunteers thanked the donors once more for assisting them. The report of the ' Runcorn detachment for the past season was a very good one. They numbered 150. as compared with 148 the previous year. That was certainly not quite as good as they anticipated. He expressed a hope that the in- crease next year would be far greater. As regards effi- ciency, he could say that the detachment had held its own in every particular. There was a marked improve- ment in the class firing. Last year the figure of merits was 70; this year it averaged 94 per man, which showed an increase of ever 30 per cent. The attendance at drill had also iscreased, and their camping engage- ments this year had been very satisfactory indeed. Out ot the 150 members they took to camp 148 ; only four men out of both companies being absent from the encampment. They considered that good and wished for nothing better. The men whilst at camp behaved splendidly. Altogether there were nine companies at camp, Runcorn being composed of two. Prizes were given for smartnese, and out of the nine prizes given the Runcorn men were able to secure five. (Applause.) Their one drawback this year was the less et their rile range. But they were now expecting to get one in the neighbourhood.

DRILL COMPETITION. Seven rounds,2oo and 500 yards. One point for every three drills attended during the year added to the points made in shooting. F Company: Sergeant JII Rushton, 72 points, £2; Lance-Corporal C Glover, 69, £1 151 ; Colour-Sergeant J Mort,69, £1 103 ; Lance-Corporal S D Matthews, 66 1-3, £1 81; Private .1 Mort, 67 1-3. £1 ; Private S Joynson, fla 2-3, 15a; Lance-Sergeant G Git- tens,6s, 12s 6d ; Private C Garrett, 63 2-3, 103; Private J F Le Couteur, 63, 78 ad ; Sergeant J W Woodland, 59 1-3, ss. G Company: Sergeant W H Harvey, 74, £2; Sergeant W B Cooper, 73 1-3, £1 15s; Sergeant D Edwards, 72,21 lOs ; Lance-Corporal J Houghton, 67, £1 5i ; Private J F Edwards, 64, £1 1 Colour-Sergeant J P001e,62, 15e ; Private J Sadler, 59;2-3, 12e fid ; Lance- Corporal C Bradbury,s9 1-3, 10,s ; Private S S Stubbs,s9, 1-3 7s 6d ; Private W Gregory, 56, 1-3, ss. DETACITMENT COMPETITION. Seven rounds at 200, 500 and 600 yards. Colour- Sergeant .1 Mort, 89, £3; Private J Houghton, 83,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER -'rATIJRPAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1896.

£2 12s 6d ; Sergeant D Edwards, 86, £2 5s ; Sergeant W H Harvey, 85, £1 17s 6,1 ; Sergeant J A Rushton, 82, £1 lOs ; Sergeant S Johnson, 82, £1 54; Lance-Corporal S D Matthews, 81, £1 ,• Sergeant W B Cooper, 80, 17s 6d ; Private S Thom pson,77, 15 ,; Private C Garrett, 77,12 s 6d; Lance-Sergeant W Nield, 75, 12s 61; Private J Sadler,7s, 12s 6d ; Corporal W F Gaskell, 72, 104; Lance- Corporal, C, Bradbury, 172,i 104 ; Corporal R Foulkes% 69, 10s ; Private J Mort, 69, 7s 6i ; Private J F Edwards, 69, 7s 6d ; Lance-Corporal C Temple, 67, Priv- ate S S Stubbs 67, Lance-Sergeant J Gittens 67, Private J F Le Couteur 66, Lance-Corporal H H Coatley 64,Priv- ate W Gregory 62, Private W Forster 62, Lave-Corporal C Glover 60, Bugler T P Mort 59, Corporal P Turner 52, Sergeant J W Woodland 51, Lance-Sergeant W H Phoenix 48, and Private T Chamberlain 46 ; each ss.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RECRUITS' COMPETITION

Seven rounds at 100 and 200 vards.—Private H Shingler, 48, £1; Private W Pt'ham, 48, 17s 6J; Private S Upon, 47, 15; Private J K Hulse, 42, 24 6d ; Private C H Timmins, 35, 10s ; Privato J Mack, 34, 7s 6d ; Private F J Speakman, 31, 5s ; Private T Curzln, 30, ss.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRA SERIES.

Five rounds at 200 yards :-Private J Houghton, 24 points, clock ; Colour-Sergeant J Mort. 24 cruet stand; Sergeant W H Harvey, 23, Gladstone bag ; Private C Garrett, 22, trousers ; Sergeant-Instructor J Callaghan, 21, boots ; Private J F El wards, 21, quilt ; Private W. Cooper, 21, umbrella ; Sergeant D Edwards, 21, brass candlestick ; Private S Joynson, 21, boots ; Private W Griffiths, 21, pipe • Corporal T Turner, 20,goods ;Lance- Sergeant W Nield;2o, goods ; Lance-Sergeant J Gritteee, 20,11 b tea ; Lance-Sergeant C Bradbury, 20, couple of fowl ; ISorgeant IV Ceoper, 20, umbrella ; Sergeant J W Woodland, 20, goods; Sergeent C Glover, 20, waistcoat ; Private W Forster, 19, hat ; Lance- Sergeant W H Phcenix, 19, goods ; Private T Chamberlain, 19, goods; Private Sadler, 19, handker- chief; Lance-Corporal C. Temple, 13, goods; Private T. Thompson, 18, set of trays; Private J. Mort, 18, hat ; Colour-Sergeant J. Poole, 18, goods; Private J. W. Hulse, 16, goods; Private T. Hedgecock, 16, goods ; Private J. F. LeCouteur, 15, goods; Private S. S. Stubbs, 15, ham ; Private J. Mack, 15, lamp; Corporal W. Walker, 15, goods; Private R. Foulkes, 15, cake ; Private W. Gregory, 14, goods; Private W. Marsh, 14, cake ; Private W. Gresty, 14, emods ; Lance-Corporal Gatley, 14, two rabbits ; Private F. J. Speakman, 13, beef ; Corporal W. F. Gaskell, 11 goods ; Private W. Pulham, 11, beef ; Private T. Upton, 10, shirt ; Lance- Corporal Matthews, 10, clock; Private I'. Curzon, 9, joint of meat ; Bugler T. P. Mort, 8, leg of mutton ; Private C. H. Timmins, 2, 1-Ib. tea. Sergeant Harvey having won the gold medal of the Shooting Club for the third year in successionet becomes his property. Private H. Shiugler won Lady Brooke's silver cup for recruits, and Colour-Sergeant Mort the Barclay cup. Colonel J. Ashton commanding, 2nd Earl of Chester Battalion,said he was sure that they would agree with him in giving their best thanks to Sir Richard and Lady Brooke,for their kindness in coming that night to dis- tribute the prizes. Lady Brooke took a great interest in volunteers.and the late Sir Richard Brooke, Bart., had command of a volunteer regiment. He could end else every word Captain Ashton had said, and not a finer company there need be. They were a sample of the rest of the regiment. Before proposing a vote of thanks, he would ask Lady Brooke to present a certificate to Lance- Corporal Houghton, granted to him by the Royal Humane Society, for having saved the life of one of the members of a Welsh regiment whilst in camp at To wyn. A. number of the men were bathing in the sea after drill, and whilst Lance-Corporal Houghton was walking along the beach, he noticed a man in difficulty. Without a moment's hesitation he threw off his tunic, and went to assist the drowning comrade. Great credit was due to their member who at the risk of his own life-as he could not swim-rescued the Welsh member. The affair was reported to the Royal Humone Society, and they in return for his timely act, rewarded him with a certifi- cate. Lady Brooke then delivered the certificate to Corporal Houghton amid loud applause. The Rev. Dr. Preston (chaplain) ,seconded the proposi- tioe which was agreed to. Sir Richard Brooke, replying on behalf of himself and Lady Brooke, said he thanked them very muck for the reception given to him and his wife that night. They had always taken a great interest in the volunteer forces. He expected if the 2nd Cheshire Battalion were called upon, they would render a good account of themselves. In conclusion, Sir Richard promised to give a cup, to be competed for by the local corps. The musizal part of the programme was then con- tinued. A dance programme consisting of 14 dances,was afterwards submitted to the company present, the regimental band supplyirg the music.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
lIALTON.

HALTON WESLSYAN CHuttat,—On Thursday evening last week, a congregational tea meeting in connection with.the Halton Wesleyan Chapel was held in the school- room. About 110 members sat down to a sumptuous re- past,after which an entertainment was given. The follow- ing were the entertainers: Miss Jones,Miss Boys,and Mr. W. Looker, soloist ; Mrs. A. Looker, Mrs. M. Newport, Messrs. A. Saunders and F. flankey, quartette ; Messrs. T. Barron and W. Moors, duet. Mr. W. Moores, presided at the organ. During the interval speeches were de- livered by the Chairman (Mr. Gamon), Mr. J. Barron, Mr. J. Looker,Mr. W. Moores and the Rev. R. J. Clifton. The latter gentlemanj congratulated them on the success of the recent bazaar. The party broke up at 11 o'clock, after haying spent a very enjoyable evening.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
F 11.0D611AM.

ISAD BURNING FATALITY.—On Tuesday, John Ryder, age 3 years, son of Mr. John Ryder,of Frodsham Bridge, ; Frodsham, met with a eerious burning accident. It is i supposed that deceased, in the te:nporary absence of his 1 mother, fell against the fire grate, the fire igniting his clothes. The little fellow died on Thursday morning suffering from severe burns about the body. -

===== 0002601_18961121_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE fUBLIC LIBRARY.- PROPOSED BOOK CLUB.

The monthly meeting of the committee of the Runcorn Free Public Library was held on Tuesday evening in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall. Mr. S. Roper presided.—lne Chairman presented a report respecting the proposed Book Club. The sub-committee, he said, are of opinion that if a fair number of subscribers—say not less than fifty—could be obtained, that it would result in the purchase of many new books, as they issue from the Press, and which would automatically and regularly add to and enrich the library. The advantage to the library and the general public would be very material. The sub- committee thought that as one means of ascertaining if there is a desire for the establishment of a book club,the further consideration could with advantage be postpobed for a few weeks, so as to afford opportunity for any who would possibly become members to communicate with the secretary and librarian."—The report was adc pted.

CHRISTIA.N ENDZAVOint CONYRNTION AT EARLESTOWN.

The autumnal Convention in connection with the Warrington and District Association of Young People's Societies of Christian Endeavour was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Earlestown, on Thursday. The Conference opene4 in the afternoon, the devotional meeting being led by the Rev. E. R Davies. The Conference proper was presided over by the Rev. E. T. Reed, president of the Warrington and District Association. Short addresses were afterwards delivered by Miss Eva Lees (Warring- ton), Miss E. Allatt.' and Mr. A. Mountield on junior Endeavour work. Air. D. Morris of Stockport, Pre- sident of the Manchester and District Union of C.E. Societies gave an address on 'The Consecra- tion Meeting: Our help or hindrance." The Rev. W. H. Towers ot Manchester gave an address on "The international Convention at Warrington 1896." At 5.30 there was a tea and social re-union at which a large number were present. In the even- ing there was a public meeting which was fairly well attended. Mr. S. Harvey presided, and ad- dresses were given by Mr. W. H. Woods, Mr. D. Morris,C.C., and Rev.E. R. Barrett,after which there was a Consecration service.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRI&GtON.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. The following report by H. M. Inspector to the Education Department on the work of the Con- tinuation School for 1895-6 has recently been received :—" The School has been taught with gratifying success. With well directed efforts the instruction has been made practical and thorough, and secured the interest of a largemumber of pupils, who, by their quiet demeanour and evident earnest- ness, have contributed in great measure to the very satisfactory standard of proficiency attained."

LANTERN SERVICES AT WARRINGTON. The Rev. W. H. Prummond, 8.A., resumed his lantern services in the Co-operative Hall, Winwick- st., on Sunday evening. There was a large audience, , and the rev, gentleman read the interesting narra- tive of the "Prodigal Son." The narrative was profusely illustrated by lantern slides, Mr. Drum- mond explaining each picture as it appeared on the screen. A hymn was sung, after which the solo, "The Lord is mindful of His own," was rendered. Then followed the story of the life of Jesus Christ, which was graphically told, and the interest of the narrative enhanced by the pictures. The audience were taken from the birth of our Lord to His Cruci- fixion. The well-known solo "Crossing the Bar," from the lines of Lord Tennyson, was sung. The lantern service was much enjoyed, and they will be continued during the winter.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN.

GRAND NA.O FICAL BAZAAR. A grant nautical bazaar was onened on Wednesday by Lady Brooke, in the Public He e Zuncorn, for the pur- pose at raising funds to clee I the debt upon the Seaman's Institute, Runcorn. free cost of the building itself, was £l,2o(lfkbut this sum had been defrayed by the generous co-operation of many friends, but the cost of the site, £4OO, still remained a debt, and with the object of wiping out that sum, the committee of the Runcorn Seamen's Institute decided to hold a three days bazaar. The following particulars illustrate the long felt need of a Seamen's Mission Church and Institute in Runcorn. Previous to the opening of the Mission Room at Bottom Locks In the year 1875, there was a small Mis- sion Church called St. Peter's, supported by the late Countess of Ellesmere, served by a curate with surpliced choir, etc., under the charge of the late Vicar, Canon Barclay. When the Bridgewater trustees transferred the Canal property to the B. N. Co.,' Ltd., St. Peter's was closed for a considerable time, and remained so until 1875, when the late Mr. Thomas Beddows, the resident agent of the N. B. Co. ,together with Rev. Canon Barclay aud Dr. Preston, thought that it was necessary that a Mission Room should be opened for tee use of the float- ing population, which was incree leg rapidly. Accord- ingly communications were eoened with the Mersey Mission to Seamen at Liverpeol,and an application made to the committee of that society to send a missionare to Runcorn. In the event of this baing done the *cove- named three gentlemen promised to place e 2: feter's Church at their disposal for the use of a mission. Tha Mersey Mission Committee acceded to this request and appointed Mr. W. Shaw as their missionary, and in 1875 Mr. Shaw commenced his labours at the port. In course or time the trade of the port increased so much, and the work of the Mission progressed so rapidly that the need of larger premises became aoparent. The old room was incapable of enlargement and the extension of the docks rendered it unsuitable. Fortunately a very suitable free- hold site in Station-road, Runcorn, near the locks was acquired and the present handsome building was erected on it. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of Hie new Institute was performed by the Right Hon. Lord Egerton of Tatton on April Mt, 1891, and was opened on the 10th December in the same year, by the Right Rev, the Lord Bishop of Chester.—The oeening ceremony was performed on Wednesday by Lady Brooke, before a large company. The Rev. Edgar Lambert, M.A.. chaplain to the Insti- tute,said he had been aeked ta perform the needless task ef introducing to them One who was very much known, and to many of them better known than himself. Lady Brooke had made herself popular by her many acts of kindness to the Seamen's Mission, and he was sure when she opened the proceedings that afternoon, she wished them success. Lady Brooke said she was pleased to be present that afternoon, and was very glad to help such a good move- ment. The Runcorn Seamen's Mission sp eke for itself, and thereforo it needed no recommendation. Twelve hundred pounds had already been raiseA by the friends of sailors in Runcorn and elsewhere. This sum had de- frayed the actual cost of the Institute,and now only the site remained to be paid for. It needed one final effort to free the mission, which had done some excellent work in the past, and which had proved a boon to so many seamen. She felt sure that the appeal which the com- mittee were making on behalf of the Institute would be responded to in a joyous and hearty manner, so that the committee could announce to them that the required sum had been raised. She had now great pleasure in declar- ing the bazaar open, and she wished it success. Captain Heasley, superintendent of the Manchester Ship Canal (Runcorn section), proposed a vote of th inks to Lady Brooke for her kindness in coming to open the bazaar. 13e was confident that it would be a great success Mr. J. Digges, hon. secretary, seconded the pro- position and said that Lady Brooke had always taken a deep interest in the Seamen's Mission. She had at ways helped it forward, even when she was not asked to do so. (Applause.) Mr. W. Shaw (missionary) supported the proposition, and said that during the 20 years which he had been in Runcorn he never remembered seeing the Public Hall looking so smart as it did that day. (Laughter.) After the bazaar,he hoped they would be able to wipe out the debt and start afresh with a free hand. The Rev. E. Lambert said a deep sense of gratitude was due to those who so splendidly and assiduously worked together, in order to produce such a beautiful and most useful result, whereby £4OO was expected to be realised. They were extremely grateful to Lady Brooke for the very kind, and thoughtful words she had uttered that afternoon. Their heartiest thanks were due to her, and when this debt had been paid off, and she saw the mission going ahead prospering it would con- tinue to give her joy, that she had helped it forward en that occasion, and many previous ones. Three hearty cheers were given for Lady Brooke. Master Richard Christopher Brooke replied. The stalls were beautifully decorated, and represented the different steamers, and steamship companies. The following are the names of stalls, and stallholders : Cunard stall, captain, Mrs. Langshaw ; chief officer, Mrs. W. Shaw, junior ; Mrs. Mack, Mrs. Evans, Mrs. Hurst and Miss Randle. White Star, captain, Mrs. A. Abel ; chief officer, Miss Beckford, Mrs. Harrap, Miss Withington, and Miss Holbrook. Allan L;_ne, captain, Mrs. R. Shaw; chief officer, Miss Bagnall, Mrs. S. Cross, Mrs. Evans, Miss Waterworth, Miss Buckley, and Miss Edwards. Lightboa.t (refreshments), captain, Miss Coward; chief officer, Mrs. Cook. Mrs. Pearson, Mrs. Newton, Mrs. de Sorts, Mrs. Thomson, Miss M. Bowyer, Miss C. Price, Miss Bate, and Miss Horsefield. Elder Dempster, captain, Miss Dunbavand ; chief officer, Miss Grounds, Mrs. Lightfoot, Miss C. Shaw, Miss B. M. Gjerston and Miss Twaddle. Ship Canal, Captain, Miss Heasley ; chief officer, Miss Hill, Miss Dieges, Miss M. A. Digges, Miss Ayers, and Miss Yates ; Anchor, captain. Mrs. McKenzie 'chief officer, Miss Warder, Miss Hind, Miss Dyer, Miss Sherratt, and Miss L. Edwards. Pacific, captain, Miss Hayes ; chief officer, Miss Garratt, Mrs. Clarke, Mrs. Holland, Miss B. Hayes, Miss Whiteley, and I Miss B. Shaw. Jolly boat, captain, Miss F. Abel; chief offtner, Miss Speakman, Miss De Korte, Miss Dyer. ' Canoe, captain, sties E. Shaw; chief officer, Miss Long- shaw, Mies Leathwood, and Miss Brockley. The follow- i ine entertainments were given :—Mr. Jabez Stubbs ex- I hibited his waxwork figures, (life size). Instrumental, concerts were given by Miss Milne and Mr. C. Le I Couteur. Concerts were given by Mr. Branch and party. Tke Gipsy Queen held receptions at all hours of the day in her tent. Pianoforte soles were given by Miss Milne, and there was a grand rifle range under the charge of Messrs. Richard and John Shaw. Mrs. Shaw acted as captain over the "Luggage Jumble boat," whilst Mrs. Lockett took the part of chief officer, with Mrs. Holford. • Miss N. Douglas, and Miss E. Mack had charge of the cloak room, whilst Mrs. W. Mari h and Miss F. Temple took the part of parcel clerks. The following ladies and gentlensen constitute the corn. mittees :—GenerallCommittee Messrs.A.Abel,R.Abel,W. Cropper, J. Cook,J. Horsfield,Captain G.Heasley,Messrs. W. Garrett,T. Garner,H. Branch, J. Griffiths, J.Nickson, De Korte, J. Rose, James Taylor.G. S. Orme, J. Nall, J. Waterwortis,J. Price, J. Cliff,J. Evans,W. Shaw,W.Shaw jun., W. Shaw, No. 2, J. Shaw, R. Snaw,lW. Wakefield, W. Marsh,J. Panter, P. Shaw,S. Cross, J. Ward,J. Wood, 1 W. Poster, G. Hewitt,J.Newton,Dr. McKenzie,S.Thomp- , son,G. Pearson, W. E. Dudley, W. Crosby, H. Grounds, J. Booth, J. Fox, J. Ackerley, R. H. Lightfoot, J. E. Langshaw, J. Ellison, F. Forth, H. Hill, C. LeCouteur. J. Mundy, G. Thompson, J. Ayers, D. Price, F. Ellison. J. B,Holland,hon. treasurer; J. K.Digges,hou.secretary, Ladies' Committee :—Mesdames Albert Abel, Booth, Cook, Clark, S. Cross, De Korte, T. Evans Evans, Har- rop, Hurst, Holford, Laugshaw, Lighdoot, Lockett. McKenzie, Mack, Newton, Pearson, Rose, Shaw, W. Shaw, jun.' R. Shaw. Thompson, Waterworth, J. Ward, Misses, F. Abel, Bate, Bagnall, Bickford, Bowyer, F. Broekley, Buckley, L. Cowai d, Digges, M. Digges, Douglas, Dunbavan, E. Dyer, D Dyer, Edwards, Grounds, B. M. Gjerston, H. Hayes, B. Hayes, Holl- brook, Heaseley, Bill, Horsfield, Jones, Langshaw, L. Leathwood, Leathwoed, Mack, C. Price, Randle, A. Riley, Rosenberg, Sherratt, C. Shaw, L. Shaw, E. Shaw, Speakman, Warder. Withington, Yates. Finance Committee : Captain G. Heasley, Dr. McKenzie, Messrs. J. Newton, J. Booth, J. B. Langshaw, J. Cook, W. Garratt.H. Grounds, W. Shaw. Advertising Com- mittee : Messrs, J. Ellison 4. Abel, W. Shaw, sen., J. Mundy, W. Shaw, jun.,Dr. McKenzie. Coacert and en- tertainment {committee: Messrs. W. Crosby, D. Price, J. Taylor, R. Shaw, F. Ellison, C. LeCouteur,A. Abel, H. Branch. Decorating Committee: Messrs. W. Shaw, sen., W. Cropper,J. Rose, R. H. Lightfoot, J. Evans, W. Marsh,J. Waterworth,R. Shaw,W. Shaw, jun., P. Shaw, J. Shaw, T. Wakefield,D. Prico,J. Price, J. Nall, J. Cliff, W. Slaaw No. 2,3 Fox, It. Abel, J. Plorsfield. SECOND DAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

--- - The total receipts of Wednesday's proceeding amounted to £130; there having been taken at the stall s £ll9 41. sd.,and donations £4O 15s. 7d. The second day's ceremony was performed on Thursday at ternoon by Mrs. Maitland Wood. The Rev. Canon Wood said he had been asked by his wife to speak in her stead, not—as he was sure—be- cause she couldn't speak for herself. They were present that day as a matter of duty ; they felt that good work was being done by the Seamen's Institute amongst the sailors, hnd that it deserved the support of every right- I thinking person. In the present bad times when the chemical industry was so much depressed. he did net knew what Runcorn would do, if it was not for the great amount of shipping and boat work which was carried on in their midst. They owed a special debt (as a town) to the Mission. In conclueion,the Canon spcke in high terms of the good work done by the resident missionary (Mr. William Shaw.) Furs. Wood then dec'ared the second day of the bazaar open. Mr. Shaw proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Wood for her kindness in opening the bazaar, and said it would have been impossible for him to have accomplished the work that had been done,if he bad not had a great num- ber of friends and willing workers behind him. Captain Beasley seconded the proposition. Three hearty cheers were then given for Canon and Mrs. Wood.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLE4ED MURDER AT WARRINGTON. HEARING AT LIVERPOOL ASSIZES.

On Thursday in the Crown Court at the Liverpool Assizes, before Mr. Justice Bruce, the tragedy which startled Warrington in the early days of September formed the first subject of inquiry. The aceused, James Bate a labourer, thirty-two years of age, was indicted for having at Warrington, between the 7th and Bth Sep- tember, feloniously, willfully, and of malice afore- thought killed and murdered Catherine, his wife. Mr. Coßingwood Hope and Mr. Lancelot Saunderson (in- structed by Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk of War- rineton)conducted the proseeution,the priscner being de- fended by Mr. M'Keand and Mr. M'Keever (instructed by Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins). THE SPEECH FOR THE PROSECU HON. Mr. Collingwood Hope, opening the ease for the pro- secution, said that the prisoner was charged with the wilful murder of Catherine Bate, who was his wife, and with whom he had lived for some fourteen years at Warrington. The charge was of wilful murder on the 7th or in the early morning of the Bth of September of this year. Prisoner was a chemical worker, and both he and his wife were both persons addicted to drink. He would only give the jury shortly the various events which took place on the two dates named. The prisoner in the ordinary course, went to work on the morning of the 7th,leaving his wife and the little girl Maggie in the house. He returned in the evening at six o'clock from his work. Earlier in the day the deceased woman had gone to the louse of a neighbour named Connor. She, with other women, as he believed was their practice, was drinking beer more or less throughout the day. The picture was a sad one for squalor and drunkenness. The little girl Maggie came into the house at four o'clock, and, finding her mother out, went to Mrs. Connor's house, where she found her drinking with other women. Maggie went home, and afterwards left the ho-se again. The prisoner returned at six o'clock, and found that there was no food prepared for him, and no preparation whatever made for his return. The house was untidy and just as he left it in the morning. He asked his daughter Maggie where her mother was, and she told him she was at Mrs. Connor's. He went to Pinner's-brow where the house was, and alt lough the little girl did not know as a fact that he went to Mrs. r3onnor's, they knew from his own statement that he did go there, and saw his wife drinking with the other women. He thereupon seemed to have taken drink himself, and to have become drunk during the course of the evening. At 8.30 ceceased was seen under the influence of drink and to fall forward and roll on her back. At nine o'clock deceased was quarell- ing with a woman,but at 10.30 p.m. she went home,and with the little girl Maggie went to bed, lying on a pallet bed in a back bedroom. That house, and in fact all the houses of which that formed one,were of a most miser- able description. They were badly built, and not only could talking be heard from one house to another' but there were holes in the wall through which the people could see from one house to another... On the pallet .bed deceased and

her daughter lay. About eleven o'clock prisoner came home drunk. He was seen leaning against the wall of the next house by Mrs. Fearnley, who assisted him into his own house. He called Mrs. Fearnlev's attention to the disorderly condition of his house, and then made use of an expression towards his wife that made Mrs. Fearn- ley run out. He then lit a candle and went up into the bedroom where his wife and his daughter lay. Be asked his wife if she was coming into the next room. She said she was not. He then knelt down and thumped her on the face many times. He also kicked her in the mouth. He was wearing boots tipped with iron. Then he kicked her in the stomach. She turned over apparently to pro- tect herself from his violence,and he stamped on her back. At this time her head appeared to have been hanging over the pallet bed,and taking her by the back hair he thumped her head against the door many times with the result that her head was bruised and bent in and her forehead pulpified. Blood flowed freely,and next morning a pool, a toot square, was found on the floor. There were also found seventeen splashes of blood. While prisoner was thumping her head against the floor she screamed, the little girl and the little boy, who was also in the room, also screamed,and entreated their father not to "la.y"on their mother. The mother also entreated him to desist. All these sounds were heard by neighbours, who heard the ejaculation "Oh "some four times, after- wards a gurgling noise, and then, as far as the woman was concerned,all sounds died away. Prisoner took his little girl into the front bedroom, and on the way said, " Mageie, I have always been a good daddy to you, haven't I?" The little girl replied." Yes daddy." The little girl slept with him all night until about nine o'clock next morning, when she got up and went into the back bedroom for a skirt. Upon her return she told her father that her mother was " lying white" in the other room. Prisoner went into the other room, and sending his daughter for a cloth and some water,wiped the blood off his dead wife's face, and partly from the floor. After doing this he threw the cloth away. He said to Maggie " You must not tell anybody that I "laid" on your mother.lf you do I shall get locked up. Tell them that she fell down- stairs, or that she was in the yard and fell down." The little girl did make these statements to several. Prisoner was arrested in Buckley-street that night. He informed the officer that he had not seen his wife from the time he saw her at Connor's until his daughter awoke him at eight o'clock that morning, when his daughter said she was looking very white. The result of the post- mortem examination showed that death was due to effu- sion of blood on the brain, caused by direct violence attributable to the violence of the bumping of the fore- head. If the case against the prisoner was proved to the satisfaction of the jury they must return a verdict of wilful murder, however rainful it might be to them to do so, but if, on the other hand, they thought it had not , been proved, then it was their duty, and it would be a pleasure to them, to acquit him. John Sutcliffe, assistant borough surveyor, stated that he made an examination of the house, 11. Oliver-street, Warrington, on the 10th Septeriaber, and on other dates. The plans produced were prepared by him. The house consisted of four rooms, two below and two above. It was an old and dilapidated house. The outside front and back walls were bulged and settled. That had caused a space at either end of the party wall for a ver- tical length of three feet in the upper rooms. The space in the front room between the party wall *as about one inch. Witness stood in the house, No 11, in company with Inspector Spinks, and Sergeant Cheney in No. 9. He saw an object held hy Set geant Cheney in No, 9 from the back bedroom of No. 11. Witness took a measure- ment of the party wall which was 0 inches thick. The party wall ; did net reach the ceiling by about sixteen inches.—ln answer to a juryman. witness said it was a brick wall. Above the wall was lath and plaster. Portions of this plaster was broken. There was a hole in the ceiling of the front' room of No. 9, about 18 inches from the party wall. They also made experiments with regard to sound in both houses. Standing in Ne. 9he spoke to Sergeant Cheney in No. 11. He could hear the Sergeant's voice and understand what he said. He spoke in an ordinary tone, and received correct answers tolthe questions put. He made the same experiments in No. 11. The voice i was fainter, but distinctly audible. The experiments were made about five o'clock in the afternoon. He found bloodstains in the back bedroom of No. 11. The blood stain was 15 in. by 12 in. There were splashes of blood on the wall between 11 and 13. The positions of the blood stains were marked correctly on the plan produced —Cross-examined by Mr. McKeaud, witness said the bloodstains had been wiped up, but not obliter- ated. Asked whether, when before the magistrates, he mentioned anything about the splashes of blood, he ree plied: Ido not rernehber whether they were mentioned or mot ; they were on the plan.— The Judge: The plans were in evidence ?—Witness: They were my lord.— Mr. McKeand : Although that plan was before the magistrates with red specks on they never asked what those red specks meant P—Witness : They did not ask me what they meant ?—Mr. McKean : Did you attempt to explain what they meant ? Witness: I think they maderstood.—Mr. McKeand : There are red ink marks here (on the plan). Was not the question asked what they meant ?—Witnese : It was probably explained by the prosecuting solicitor.— Mr. McKeand : I contend that it was not explained, and it is the first time you have ever told as about these red specks. Igo a bit further : how far was it from the pallet to the nearest side of I these splashes ? Witness : One foot nine inches. They were immediately above the actual pool of blood. Margaret Bate, daughter of the prisoaer,the principal witness, said she remembered the 11th September. She went home at four o'clock in the afternoon. Her mother was at Connor's, a neighbour. She went to her mother there, and she was drinking beer at the house. Her mother often went there. She said to her mother, "Come home,and get my father's tea ready." She sent her home, and she washed some of the things up. Her father came home at six o'clock. We asked her where her mother was. She replied at "Connor's." Her father then went to her grandmother Bate's. She next saw her mother at l'inner's-brow. She was with her Aunt Mary, Mrs. Buckley. She did not see any blows struck. Her mother came home afterwards. She was drunk. Witness then went out and got some potato chips. Her- self and brother John ate them. Her brother was four years of age. After supper her mother told her that when her father came he would kill her. She went to bed in the back bedroom, and her mother came in the same bed. Her mother slept nearest the fireplace. rler father came into the room some time afterwards with a candle. He asked her mother be go in the other room. She did not do so, and he then knelt down on the bedroom iloor and thumped her mother with his fist. He kicked her on the head and stomach. Her mother said" Maggie" three times. She also called" Kitty," and said to her (witness's) father " don't kill me and I will give you twopence halfpenny for a pint of beer." Her father said that he intended to kill her. Her mother turned over on her face, and her father then stamped with his foot on her mother's back. He then got hold of her hair and banged her head on the floor about four times. Witness was in bed crying because her father said he would kill her mother. She afterwards went with her father to the front bedroom.—By the Judge :

Was your father dressed ?—Yes.—What had he on his feet P—His boots.—What became of your brother and sister; did they remain in bed with your mother or go in the other room with you P—They came along with me. —By Mr. C. Hope : What did your father say when taking you into the other room ?-11e 'Said " Have I not been a good father to you." The next morning she went fer her skirt to the next bedroom,and saw her mother white. elle went back to her father and told him " Daddy my mammy is white." She didn't notice how her mother lay. Her father said "Is she," and he then went jute the other room. He told her to go downstairs and get some water and a cloth. She did so, and her father wiped the blood from her mother's face, and also wiped the blood up from the floor. He told her before he went out " Maggie don't tell anybody I kicked her; because I shall get locked up. Tell them she fell downstairs." Her mother did not get out of bed to go downstairs that night. Her mother was drunk, but she did not notice anything else about her. She did not see any marks about her face at all. She had since been in a home in Liverpool.—Cross- examined by Mr. McKeand, she said her mother was al- ways getting drunk, and when she was drunk she was noisy and given to fighting. Her father had not been good to the children. When prisoner came home de- ceased was drinking at Connor's, and there was no tea for him. He had gone away in the morning without breakfast, because her mother had been drunk the day before. When prisoner thumped deceased the latter ex- claimed" Oh Jim !" Then, when he kicked her she did not scream. Prisoner stamped one of his feet on de- ceased's back. She did not know whether he used both feet. Her father had not been cruel to her. When she went into the bedroom next morning, and saw that her mother was leoking white, she knew that 'something had happened." Her father looked very much put out. and went to see how her mother was. It wee witness who "chucked" the flannel away, and not her father. She was quite sure her father told her to say that the de- ceased had fallen downstairs. She heard her father say that he was in a bit of trouble. He was crying, and appeared to be very ITIRCII "put out." Nothing was said about her mother having been pashed down the stairs. At first witness admitted having said that her father had not beaten deceased that night. That was said to elrs.Wheelan. She told her grandmother that her mother had fallen downstairs. She remembered seeing Sergeant Cheney, who asked her several questions about the matter. He had spoken to her many times about it. Other persons had spoken to her also. While at the Liverpool home she had been spoken to by a policeman, who asked her what her, father did to her mother. Her father had said to her that " this was what all this drinking, falling, and knocking about would come to."A few weeks before her death her mother had a bad cut on her forehead, and she had to have her heal bandaged. The marks were on her fore- head at the time of her death. She had frequently seen bruises on her mother as a consequence of fiehts in which she had been engaged. When her father was accused of killing his wife he said it was a lie.—Re- examined by Mr. Hope: It was not true that her ' mother was going to the closet and fell downstairs. Wit- ness was asked why she made that statement. but no reply could be elicited from her at first. At leegth she said she did not know why. She told the truth ebout the matter before her father was locked up. 'There was snuff on her mother's face. She was in the habit of tak- ing snuff when she went to Mrs. Connor's. Her mother' did not scream while she was being assaulted, but she said "Oh!oh I" and offered to give prisoner some money for a pint of beer. Mary Jane Fernley, 15, Oliver-ste spoke to taking the prisoner home on the night of the 7th September. She went into the house with him. He said " The house is as I left it at six o'clock ; there has not been a b---- thing done since." 14e then got off the chair,came to the deor, and said "If I catch hold of the b--cow—." She then screamed.—By the Judge : What made you scream ?—He came towards me making a butting mo- tion.—Continuineeshe said she saw the prisoner's wife at 8 30 the same night in company with her motherein-law, Mrs. Bate. The deceased was drunk. Witness saw her tumble on her knee,and then roll over on her back. Wit- ness picked her up.—Cross-examined by Mr.McKeande She had seen the deceased drunk. She didn't' see the deceased's head come in contact with the pavement—By the Judge : If it had done would you have seen it P—l think se. At this point the Court adjourned for luncheon. At two o'clock the C urt re-assembled, and the first witnese called was Victoria Wheelan, widow, 13, .Oliver-street, who said she knew the deceased by sight. They had been her next door neighbours for three weeks. She remembered the September 7th, and on that date witness slept in the hack bedroom of her house. She went to bed a little after eleven o'clock. She was awakened a short time afterwards by the prisoner's child crying out " Dadiy don't lay on coy mammy." The noise continued for about twenty minutes. She heard the deceased say either" 0 Jim you are murdering me ;" or " you have murdered me." He replied with a foul ex- pressien and "Its a laying on yen want." She also heard the deceased say" 11l give you 21el. for a pint of beer." Prisoner did not reply to that but kept on " thunging " her with his hand, and cursing. A few minutes afterwards she heard a jurgling noise. She could hear quite plainly what was going on.—By Mr. M. Keand : She had had no acquaintance with either the deceased or prisoner. It didn't strike her as being time to interfere when it was going on. It was every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday alike. She did attach some importance to it, but it was nothing more than usual. The" thunging "noise was not that of a man walking. If a man were walking about in his stocking feet that would not make the thunging noise. It was more like bumping on the floor. By Mr. McKeand: Then why did you say before the magistrates that the bumps were against the wall ?—lt was against the wall.—Are you prepared to say whether it was against the wall or on the floor ?—lt was against the wall. She never made such a statement to the girl Maggie that her mother would haunt her. She did say to the girl in the presence of Inspector Spinks "'fell the truth, don't tell a lie ; I heard it through the wall," She had not the child alone with her when she put questions to the girl.—Re-examined by Mr. Collingwood Hope, witness said she meant the bumps were near against the wall when she said against the wall. There was no truth whatever in the suggestion that she had the little girl in the house alone with her and asked her questions. Elizabeth Shaw, widow, living with Mrs. Wheelan, her mother, at 13 Oliver-st., gave corroborative evidence as to the sounds and conversation heard whilst she was in bed on the night in question. Mary Ann Clancey, wife of Richard Clancey, a forge- man, living at 9, Oliver-street, stated that she saw the deceased at four o'clock on the 7th September, and also between 7.30 and 8 o'clock. She was drunk the second time she saw her. She went to bed a little after ten o'clock,and heard the prisoner go upstairs with his boots on. He first went into the front room, and afterwards to the back room. She next beard some bad language, and afterwards some children screaming " Daddy don't 'lay on' Mamma." She also heard the deceased say " 0 Jim, you have murdered ;sae," and he replied "Yes, that is what I intend to do." He also said " You'll lay no more of my b— money out."—Cross-examined by Mr. McKeand she said an officer came to her the previ- ous week and asked her to give evidence. The police officer was the first she opened her mouth to. It caused a good deal of excitement in the neighbourhood. She never heard any screams. She didn't think much ot it because it was regular. Deceased was a drunken woman. Richard Clancey, foreman, said on September 7th he was lodging at 9, Oliver-street, he beard a noise in Mr. Bate's. He corrotorated the last witness's evidence.— Cross-examined by Mr. McKeand he said he did mention to a police officer the day after the occurrence that be had heard rows in Bate's house before. Henry Gibbons, labourer, 9, Oliver-street, gave evi- ence as to hearing noises in Bate's house on the night of September 7th. He heard the deceased woman say "Oh!" four times, when the bumping was going on. He could distinguish between the bumping and walking in the room. Ellen Brown,wife of Walter Brown, general iabourer, said she lived at 18,01iver-street. She saw the deceased wcman on September 7th at about a quarter to ten. De- ceased had had a drop of driale. The following morning the girl Maggie brought a message to her, and she went to the deceased's house. The prisoner was in and she asked him where Kate was,and he replied " Oh! Mrs. Brown lamin a bit of trouble." He asked her to help him to remove the body to the next room. The deceased had nothing on but a chemise and that was cut in the frent. The body was cold. Witness and the prisoner removed the body to the front rooti.—Cross-exansined, by Mr. McKeand : She was quite sure as to the amount of clothing on the deceased. The prisoner said he was going to report the matter to the police, and she told him to do so without delay. Margaret Kelly, wife of Patrick Kelly, 30, Foundry- street, general labourer, said the deceased was hey daughter, and was 33 years of age. She had been married to the deceased fourteen years, and had had Paver al children. /They often quarrelled. On September 8, she went to the deceased's house in Oliver-street. She 'saw the prisoner and shouted to him" Jim, what ails Kate." He said "She is dead." Witness then said " Jim you have done it at last ; long threatenings have come at last. You have many a time said you would swing for her." Ile replied that she (witness) was ,a liar; adding that his wife fell downstairs drunk.—Cross- examined by Mr. Mciettni, she said the child Maggie came to her in the afternoon of the Bth September. Her son, John Kelly.wais present. She asked the girl " What happened," aad she replied that her father had killed her mother by kicking her. Sergeant Cheney stated that on Tuesday, the Bth September, he went to the prisoner's house and saw the deceased. He made an examination of the back bedroom. The prisoner was mot there. He arrested the prisoner in 1 Buckley-street the same afternoon, and took him to the Police Station. The prisoner went to kis work but did I not work. At the Police Station he charged the prisoner and he replied "I have to say that I had nothing to do with it at all. Wheu I came home last night,it has been the regular thing for three months for her to be drunk es eryMonday night, and when I entered the house the things were on the table, and the house empty. I came out and went across to Mrs. Brown's and asked one of the girls where Kate was. They told me On was

in Connor's drunk. Iwent there and found her drunk, in company with a lot more women. They were all drunk, and snuff running down their faces. They were drinking beer. I walked° away: I never saw my wife from then till this morning when my daughter woke me about eight o'clock, and asked me to come and look at her mother, as she looked very white. Ii was on the advice of Mrs. Shaw that I came -up Buckley-street to get my mother to accom- pany me to the police station. I was arrested. —Cross-examined by Mr. McKearrd. witness said he had known deceased for about fourteen years. She was a drunken woman. She was frequentlyquarrelsome,and had a good reputation as a fighting woman. Sue had been summoned five or six times at the Borough Court. There might be eight or nine convictions and tome dis- missals.

Detective Inspector Spinks said he visited the de- ceased's house on September ath, at about one o'clock. He examined the stairs and the walls adjoining. The piece of cloth produced was given to him by the prisoner's daughter. The oth..r piece of cloth was cut from the bed, and was saturated with blood. The boats produced ere being worn by the prisoner at the time of his arrest.—Cross-examined by Mr. McKeand, witness had a conversation with the girl in his presence. Before he went into the house•Mrs.Wiaeelan and Mrs. Kelly were with the girl. • Dr. Starkey Smith said on Tuesday, the iith Septem- ber, he made an examination of the body. He examined a piece of hedtick under a microscope, and it was marked with blood. The body was a well-nourished one. On centre of the forehead there was an , extensive bruise, 1 inches in diameter. It was a fresh wound. He did not think one blow would be sufficient to cause the wound The tip of the nose was discolourd-and de- pressed. There, was a contusion on the right side of the chin, and under the left ear there was a discolouration about three inch long. The wound were all. recent. He thought death must have taken place soon after the infliction of the injuries or they would have had other evidence of discolouration. There was a contusion on the right fore arm ; a bruise on the right wrist; and,also on the middle finger. There was also a contusion on the left hip, and four or five on the knee. All these in- juries were of recent date. In company with Dr. Bow- den he made .a post-mortern examination. The cause ,of death was an effusion of blood on the brain caused by direct violence. There was nothing to count for death in the organs of the body. The blow on the forehead Was sufficient to cause death. Death in his opinion followed within an hour or two from, the de- livery of the blows. The injuries h e found were not compatible with the idea of tap ,deceased having. fallen downstairs. He did not think the injuries could' have been caused by falling downstairs. He saw the blood on the door in the back bedroom. • He thought it had come chiefly from the deceased woman's nose. The bruise on the chin looked as if the tip of the boot had caused it,but that on the forehead must have been by the blunt part of the boots, and ,not the tips. This concluded the evidence for the day. Mr. Mclteand at the suggestion of his lordship, postponed his cross-ex- amination of Dr. :Starkey Smitn until the following morning.

2tibrrttrlnent not etassifte.a.

FOOTBAL (liFirt-L-sTLDEIAIIFIN)CIIAMPION,S.II, IP • A GRA....ND ..;)lArreti To ba Played on SATEIRDIY., on tbe SNOLOSURS. RUNCORN v. STOCKPORT, -. Kick-off 3.0 p.m. - • Popular Prides :-3d. and 6d. Stands extra. '

MA.S ! XNIAS I ! XNIAS !! ! PREPARE 'FOR CIIRLSTMA4, and buy your suits trotri J. LL ifLBSIORIC? the PRA.C:ELCAL and 11HLTA.13LB RUNCORN TAILOR.

Specialities in MEN'S ani BOYS' SUITS. Only' high elms materials used. Note the athi ress,

J. LITTLEmoRE,

PERCIVAL-LA. 103 ,Top Rulicotn.' All Orders punctually attended to, by experienced -?work- men

DANcING.—MASONIC HALL, WARRINGTON. Mrs, COLE'S ,PRIVATE, CLASSES have resumed. lialf-term commences Wednesday, Novembet 25th. Private lessons by appointment. FUODSHAM yislted "—Addrese DERw.Facx tiousE, Brougham-terrace, Liverpool. -

WANTBD, GNINIBRAL about 20; able to cook; a little washing ; fond of children; good home. references.- 1, MORLEY-ROAD, Crumpsali, Manchester,_

WAN:MD, clean, active GENERAL about 20:1 GoAt character; 'Private hou,sh.—Addresis with particulars, 35, CHIMBERS-ROAD, Southport.

WARRUSIGTON.—ComfortabIe 1-LOUSH to be let, rent 45. Key 59, ELLESMERE-STRECT, Rowley-lane. Church. street, Bewsey-road.

ARKINGION.—PIeasant HOUSIi, lobby, parlour. kitchen, scullery, 3 good bedrooms, rent 4s. 6.1. Key. 27, HOYLE-ETREET, Bewsey-road.

A CIIIIISIMA.6 OPFER. —Maivellous value in LACE LIL. CURTAINS. Over 100,050 pairs. We have resolved to place our goods in the hands of the public direzt from our looms. Our latest of the newest and most beautifdl designs in Wiaite or Ecru. we are offering at the following low prices No. 1 Drawing-room• Curtains, 4 yards long by 72 Inchee wide, per pair Ts. 6d., worth a guinea. No. lieception.r.) m Curtaies, 3yards iong by 60 inches wide, per pair be. 6d. cheap at lbs. No. 3 Becit,om Cdttains. 3 yards long by 52 inebeetvide, pr pair 3s. 9d., worth half a guinea. ' SPECIAL OFFEk—One pair or each for 155., carriage paid. to any address and money returned if not approve d of. RtMEllll3cift you are buying from the Manufacturers and all goo is are guaranteed perfect. Cheques and postal orders to be math) payable to lkiks3RB. DURULDi AND LINTON, MADAl- facturers, Leeas.

Nf uTIERRS I BRETON'S NIPPLE SALVE -heals sora 01. Nipples at °ace, post tree is. per box.—J. B. ILADLRY., Nunheau-iane, Peckham Rye, S.H.

NNTANTISD, CiIiSERAL SHRVANT. Strong, no ",,,r.tislaing, Protestant; references required.—Apply -ANDERTOX, 48 Duke-st., Southport.

WANTBD SITUATION as tiltoo3l and COACHMAN, understands hunters, wife, dtiiry, cr assist In the house if required, abstainer, good character.—J. Shi.otr, 53 Rokesmith-st.. Ildgehill, Liverpool.

k„IERVANT.—Wanted, it respectable Girl as G-eneral ; age kJ 18 ta 2.3 yews ; good tiome.—Apply Nonrct ST.e.a, North Hill-street. Liverpool.

ANTIDD, Young HOUSEMAID, atone°. —Apply, after VY 6 o'clock o, ening, 74, TALDOT-R, Old Trafford, Manchester. .

'llO Lliff,—House, No. 10, Derby-street, rent 4s, 6d.—Apply Asitrurs AND WOODS, leliCiterB, Horsematket-street, Warrington.

SOCIALIST lIRICTING.

Mr. J. Taylor Kay, of Manchester, read in excel- lent paper on "Tee Pollution of Rivers" at &meet- ing of socialists in the Druids' Hall, Sankey-at., on Sunday evening. The lecturer pointed out that the weakness of the early Pollution of Rivers' Act was due to the lack of provisions for co-ordinating I authorities.. After alluding to the evil effects of ' river pollution on the health of the inhabitants liv- ing on the banks of these impure streams, Mr. Kay proceeded to refer to the economical sine of the question, speaking of the loss of cattle and fish to .the community, and the great effect it had on the 'supply of water to townships. lie condemned the proposed sewage scheme; of the Manchester, Cor- poration on the grounds that it would withdraw some of the water from the river, and that it was wasteful in many. ways. Ile contended that it was I quite possible to carry out the sewage scheme without causing waste, inconvenience, or annoy- ance, on lines which had been laid down by emin- ent sanitary engineers.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SKE-TOH-E8 OF NEW ENGLAND LIFE."

At the meeting of the Wycliffe Young People's Society on Monday. evening, Miss Porritt read a paper with the above title, in which she graphic- ally sketched lite as she saw it in the New England states ot America during a recent visit. The early part of the paper was devoted to a description of the , voyage across the Atlantic to Canada, anda short account of her travels through a portion of the dominion on her way to New York. The essayist's description of life in Connecticut—one of the New England States—was intensely intersting. M ela- tion was made of the Puritans' early settlement .iz these states, and contrasts between English and thio: New Englander's life were shown, although in the main, she said, the difference is not very groat. A short discussion ensued, and Miss Porritt was thanked for her paper on the motion of M. Joseph Podmore, seconded by Mr. C. Lyon, and supported by the Chairman (Mr. Pickavance).

It is suggested,says " Science Siftings," that what some ever-exerted people want is sleep holidays—that , they do not need to go to vratering-places and, to be en- tertained by rounds of gaiety, with a band always play- ing. We think there may be something in the tonten- tien that a greater amount ef sleep is required -by most people nowadays—especially brain-workers—than was , formerly the case. An eminent nientist it' credited with I saying that he believ.s a man might live two hundred I years if he could only sleep most of the time. That is I just why negroes often Iwo to such advanced age—be- cause they sleep so much. Very many profoundly 1 clever men have been industrious and deep sleepers. I The " Times" Capltown correspondent learns on goad lauthority that the Transvaal indemnity claim. will not be of a naturo Qr an amount likely to cause embarrass. meat in any quarter. .

TO THE DEAF.—A Gentleman who cured himself of Deaf tines and Noises in the Head after fo irteen vears' sefferitur ‘lll gladly send full partiettlsrs of the remedy poAt free.— Address 1?.. CLIFTON. Amberlev /louse, Strand, London, 'MC

Rumor ON TRH FOOTPATH —Thomas Griffiths was charged with riding on the footpath in Farmer's-lane, Penketh, on the 11th November.—P.C. Thorley stated the teats of the case.— Defendant sal I the path had no curbstone to it and the road was totallyunfit for cycling.—He WAS fined is. and costs. David Rogers was similarly dealt with for riding on the same footpath on November 12th. ScnooL ATTevniarcE —Thomas Williams, Mersey-street. Burtonwood, was summoned for failing to send th,•ee of his children to school on divers dates during the last six months. —Mr. Wright, sohool attendance officer, prosecuted.—De- fendant was fined 2s. in each case.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NATION'S HEALTH.

It is becoming mere and more evident year by year to those who minutely ohserve the current of internal events and especially the health of the British nation that we are fast becoming a nation of Dyspeptics. The malady of dyspepsia has spread its effects not only over our own nation, hut it is the prevailing malady of civi- lised life. There is no disease more prevalent or more difficult to cure. It is a disease of the stomach and as- sumes a variety of different forms in parts of the body far removed from the seat of the disease. Dyepepsia is only another name for the effects of indigestion and the different forms it assumes as its effects are known by various names, according to the different symptons it presents, as dyspepsia flatulence, heartburn, sick head- ache, pains in the stomach, palpitation of the heart, heart diseases,colic, dysentery, diarrheee, &c. All these and even apoplexy and paralysis and nine tenths of the eases of convulsions in children have their source in that , dereetive nutrition to which the term indigestion has be - -Defied. Other causes are worry, anxiety,over work, emotion, stimulants, narcotics. Many persons overload and over- tax the digestive organs which impairs their powers and renders them incapable of performing their proper func- tions. Constant overworking of the stomach must pro- duce disease of that organ. More nutriment is furnished to the tissues of the body by a small quantity of food well digested, than by a large quantity half digested. The only trustworthy and permanent remedy is Gwilym Evans's Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which, acting upon the dieestive organs, strengthens them and stimulates them to healthy action, and gives tone to the whole stomach imparting new life, hope, strength and happiness. It is the most successful remedy ever dis- covered, and has never failed to gain high approval and praise whenever it has been properly and fairly tried. It'contains a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose together with the Medicural Virtues of the following well-known herbs :—Farsaparilla, Gentain. Burdock, Saffron, Lavender, and Dandelion, combined in most happy proportions, and concentrated in a pure state, as well as being scientifically prepared to be suitable to all ages, at all seasons of the year. It is Sold in Bottles, a': 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders. or Carriage Free by Parcels Pest, direct from the Proprietors. Beware ofimitations, see the name GIVILYM EVANS, on Label, Stamp, and Bottle.

QUININE BITTERS M.A.NUFACTURING

Co., LTD., LLA.NELLY. SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES

ANOTHER WARRINGTON PUBLICAN PROSECUTED.

On Monday morning at the Warrington Borough Court before the Mayor (Alderman James Fairclough) in the chair. Alderman Harrisnn, Mr. T. B;rchall, and Mr. J. W. Hayward, Michael Higgins, landlord of the Royal Arms. Bank-street,was charged with being drunk on his own licensed premiaos on November 2nd.—Mr. Browne represented the defendant.—The Chief Constable (Mr. L. Talbot) said the defendant had been landlord of the" Ravel Arms" since 27th April. On the 2nd of November. P.C. Metcalfe was requested to come to the "Royal Arms," and on going there he found defendant sitting in the kitchen and in aa almost helpless state of drunkenness. The wife of defendant made a complaint about big conduct. The officer asked defendant to stand up and he attempted to do so. hut tumbled dawn after clutching wildly at the mantelpiece. Metcalfe then went to report the matter to his sergeant and they then returned and found that defendant lad been put to bed. Defendant was seen drunk by the landlord of the " Royal Oak," who sent him home in a cab. They had the man who drove the cab, a customer. Mr Lewis. county court bailiff, and two clerks, who all saw defendant helplessly drunk. If he could not conduct himself he could not conduct a license.—No evidence waa called as Mr. Browne did not dispute the facts; but added in extenua- tion that defendant was a most respectable man. He had been ill and under the rare of Dr. Geary for some- thing like nine weeks. On the dar of the election he went out and had a drink with a number of friends in Bridge-street. He had te go to the brewery on business and coming back he had four glasses of beer, and these in his weakened state took effect upon him. As the owners of the public-house would most likely give defendant notice to quit, he asked the bench to be as lenient as possible with him.—Defendant was discharged or payment of costs.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH FOLIC COURT.

FRIDA.Y.—I3Afore Alderman Harrison (in the chair). Alderman Wricht, and nr. (lomat!.

OCCL,RIANA.L LICEN4E.—T-Tenry Brawn. landlord of the Old Cofte. House, was granted an oleasional license to sell in the Parr Hall on Monday PC eninq from 7 p.m. till 2-30 a.m., the occasion of the Catho'ic Ball A POWERFUL KICKER —M•ry Tfo.trty.l2 Garden ROW,WAS charged Atith wilfully damateng the'door of 38,Poundrv-street, the property of James Mastier.—Mrs. Mas.ev stated that be- tween ", and i-30 en Sunriav marninz defend Int came and kicked at her door. She burst the lock staple and bolt off. comnlainant added that defendant wis her sister-in-law Mrs. liberty said she only ktr,cked at the door. She could not have burst the staple off with the light sluals she had on, —The magistrates fined defendant 10i.and costs or 14 days. MONDAY.-i--Befere the Mayo,. (chAlman) Mr. T. Birchall, Mr.

J. W. Hayward. and Ald.rms'n Harrison.

L LUCKY' PRT.ONFR--Annie Byrn a well-known character, was charged with being drank and di.orderlv on Saturday night. —P.O. Smith proved the case. and the Mayor in- formed prisoner that'shelaynuld be di.charged as he that day commenced n new year of °Rios as chief magistrate.—Pri- Boner looked considerably surprised, but lost no time in leaving the dock. DRUNICENNESB.—AIice Wilshaw, 14, Stamford-st was fincd 2s. 6d. including costs for twin" firtp,k and disorderly in Unicm-st. on November 7th ; for a similar offence Mary O'Brien, 15, Dolman's-lanc. was fined 5s and costs.

A Morons SoLDTER.--Thomas Clegg, was charged with be- ing drunk and disorderly in Bridge-.treet at 9-5 on Sunday night ;he was further charged with assaulting Sergeant Smith and P.C. Cooper. at the same time and place —Mr. A. Browne appeared for defend,nt. Cherie, Daly. husdriver. said defendant on fie night in cinestion got in his bus. which was going to Latchford. He was drunk and put his arms round some girls. WiLless said he would put him off the 'bus and de7endant than threatened to put wit- ness off. At Bridge-fo^t, witnes, asked the police to take defendant off .—Sergeant smith demised to seeing the pri- soner on the 'bus He and P.C. Cr‘oper arrested' him, and he attamptcd ta strike them No fought and kicked all the way to the poliea st reit end et-emoted to buts them.—Mr. B 3wne 'lid that deondant was a sergeant in tha order'r rcom at the har ael a, and h,rl been in the serr'ce for eight years. He had an exc.llent corn.- oeter and there bad been nothitr, xvhitever against him Wevionsly. His i,wia stliement was that he came out Of the ha-ricks at eight p.m. on Sunday ei-ning and bad rome wicskey, Aft-r that he temem ()red nothing until t'lls mc-nine,. Dbe wus ouvic:ei if would mean that his it ipes would he taken from him and pe-hens ,h,sr (-ors ,oitences would follow -411 officer from the Barracks Oro testified to deendant's (liar ,eter and honed the bench would dial as leniently as na.sthle with him.—Defen- dant expressed h*-, sorrow for the t,:rene a and the magistrates refrained f -om r.cort;ing a conyie'ion against him and ordered him to pay ICa. I) the r box. TUESDAY.—BeforeIMr. Ti. Gar se' t (chairman). and Conn. J. H. I,emievr.

_ DBILNK IND Disoltnirprx.—Wil'ilm Hardy. who stlted the, he brdon,d to Gioi-op entiltv to being drunk and dt.o•de'y in Ho • em-rket a'r-'t the previons nlrtht. On Promising to leave I town. tha ,191nee wag disehlrge4. Tilicirr or A WIT.P.--IRTurs kir.lovr4l,a soldier, stationed at Orfo-d Bar- .01(s w.e chem. d with afralinq from a han- someelh, a eirrirrre whin y,lna 2. 6-1. the pmpertv of john,on Wilc '.--P-C. Bell stAted th,t he wis on duty in e five m Worn milnirdit on Monday, when be saw hen ome e•t) st—rding. in front of Mr. Wilson's d, A wlen wt ri the top of the e,19 and he saw the prisoner w Ilk <4,l', t-ee'; and tire the wh'p away Witneea In- fo m7l Mr W;lson of wh4t poen, I, enr, they foliowe.l Pf •.r he rhon.r to v mke7 s'-reet• Ac Repo e the nrisoner stw nem h•! th-ety the wh'n to th fl ws arrested and brv, to nonce st,t;on Th v-e were two o,* three la elmn.nv wi'h the nrisoner hut th remained on the or eii'a side o the rod. The n•Tcone. WAS the worse for ev.nu.—M^. Johnson Wilon sign eviJenee in support of the eon st.tenr,nt, —The nrisoner denied that ha took the whio.—An officer from th, rorreeke qaye the prisoner a fairly gyxl ch•r...:Pr.—A fine of ss. ineluding casts, or seven days' Imnr,sonmeit wis imnosed WEDNICBDAY.-11e'orA Mr. John Frlrelontth(ehairman), Coun- - -

ci.lor Tre-nirur aril Mr J

A Vamp: Ttrna:. -redzet, Ke'l v. a 1;-•-t-rer to the town, was eharoed with hen g drunk and cl;slrdarly in Horsem trket- staeet at 10 .31 on Tuesday mornincr.—t• T was very drunk," at- e Millinoton prov tho case rui added that defend nt had to be bantight. In the Pclice Qtatino in a hand- cart.---nefendant was flied 54 and en,ts or 7 days. ANATIMI STVP-T)01R THWFT. —S,tnaPs Loftus, flank-.meet, was e 1,4% -,el with s'ealino: tram the shop d• or of !mac Hotvzh'ea, plwnbro'er. 8, Merlev-st-eet. on Tuesday morn- ing, a man's over,aat. yaTce 15 . his nropsrty.—De'endant pleaded gnilty.—The Chief ronstable stated that the calt was IPI hanolno: outside the folding doors of the thou at 10.31 on Tuestisv morning and was mi-s ti at 11.71. Intormatio ) was cis,•n to the police and Det ctlve Barlow warned the pawnhrnkem end a-cond-hand dealers in the town. T,at In the day 'lntoner attempted to riwn the -It ;Tackt.on's In Mersey-street. The police wete sent for and he was arreate I. Prisoner admitted the the. Th's washis 24th apnearence and he hod been to gat at on several charges of larceny. lie was a had character. —The Chairman sentenced Prisoner to two months' hard labors-and remarked that the tench did not apnroye of coats and other goods being hung outside 'hey thought it a rery bad practice indeed.—The Chinf Cotvtable : It Is a great nuisance.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PF, rTY SESSIONS.

WEDNEBDAY.—Before Mr. G rernha.r fin the chair). Mr. W. if. Weekly, and Vr. W. Tirmighton.

DOG AT LAG.—Gelrg. wag charged with allowing his dog to be at large in Penketh on th, 9th November.— P.C. Thorley proved the case and defendant was fined ss. in- cluding costs.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

SATURDAY. —Before Mr, T. J. Gillespie (ch +man), Colonel Wood. Messrs.C. B. F. Marron. R. Stone. and J.W. En. .sett. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Tha following were d alt with for this offence :—Charles Russell, on the 7th November, 2s. 6d. and costs ; Thomas Nom, on the Bth November, 2s. 6d. and costs; John Rimmer, Church-view, Church-road. Haydock. 2s. 64. and costs; Michael Carney and Thomas Carney. Havdock, on the 25th October, 2s. 6d. and costs; James Astra:ll. on the 17th October at Haydock, 10th appear- ance, ss. and costs. BREACH OF THE PEACE.—John Cross, of Haydock, plaad ad guilty to committing a isreach of the peace in Clipsley-iane, Havdock, on the 25th October, and was bound ove • in his own recognisances of P 9 to keep the peace for three months. A PROPERTY OWNER SUMMONED —William E. WinsLanley of Leigh, was summoned for hiving on the 25th of August allowed a nuisance to exist on his premises 7 High-street. Newton. and 22 and 24 Mercer-street, Newi on, in contraven- tion of the Public Health Act. anel further with neglecting to , abate the nuisanre when requested to do so by an order of I the Newton Urban District Council. Mr. Shirley. clerk to the Council prosecuted. and stated that the defendant had neglected certain provisions with regard to ashpits. On the 25th of August the defendant was served with an order to abate the nuisance which existed on ha premises. but he had refused to do so. The nuisance Was no only very objectionable but a source of danger to the public health.— John Gregory,assist- ant nuisance inspector.stated that he had visited the defend- ant's premises. A nuisance existed there and *as injurious to health. He served tta defendant with a notice to aba, e it, but when he last visited the premises the work had not been done.—Mr Shirley said he applied for an order of the magis- trates for the abatementof the nuisance within seven days, and for a fine of ss. each day the nuisance existed after the expiration of that time.—The defendant did not appear, but a friend who appeared on his behalf said the work had been done.—The Assistant Nuisance inspector said it was not done when he visited the premises on the previous Wednesday.— The magistrates made an order for the abatement of the nuisance. AN UNREGISTERED LODGING Hot:rim—HEAVY PINE.— Henry Plant, of Eariestown, was charged with keeping an unregistered lodging house at 21, Grafton-street, Eariestown. —The defendant did not appear.—Mr. Shiley, clerk to the Newton Urban District Council, prosecuted, and stated that shortly after midnight on the 16th of October, the Council's Assistant Nuisance Inspector. In company with P.O. Burns visited the house kept by the defendant, and there found seventeen persons, fourteen of whom the defendant admitted were casual lodgers, The offence was the more serious from the fact that the defendant was unable to plead ignorance for oa the 3rd August. the Assistant Nuisance bug actor asked the defendant to send in an application to the Council for a license. But the defendant had set the Council at defiance, and was continuing to keep lodg-rs up to the present time.— John Gregory, assistant nuisance inspector, spoke to visiting the defendant's house. On the date mentioned he found 17 casual lodgers in the house. The assistant inspector then detailedthe overcrowding which ne found, and said the house was in a filthy condition. It was totally unfit for human habitation. He had previously called upon the defendant to ask him to apply to the Council for a license.—P.C. Burns stated that he accompante t the last witness. and corroborated his statement as to the number found in the house.—Mr. Shirley applied for a fine of £5 and a penalty of £1 per day so long as the defendant continued without a lice tse.—The Clerk That is the maximum line.—The Bench imposed a tine of 40s. and costs. THEFT BY A GIRL —Elizabeth Carlin, a girl, was charged with stealing a pair of ladies' boots from the shop, 38 Market- street, Earlestown. between the 4th and 6th Novemner. value 35. 11d., the property of Henry Haynes.—Soe pleaded guilty. —Alexander Fail, shop assistant in the emploY of Mr. Haynes, identified the boots as the property ot his employer. They were kept in a show case but he did not miss them until the constable brought them to the shop on the 6th inst. On the sth inst., the defendant was engaged cleaning tht shop out.—The Chairman said the Bench had decided to deal with the defendant under the First Offenders' Ad. He trusted that the case would be a lesson t 3 the defendant. She would be bound over to appear before the magistrates when called upon.—Her smother. Catherine Carlin, was bound over in the sum of £5 as a surety for her.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
HEREDITY.

If you read the articles upon scientific subjects which are published in the reviews, magazines, newspapers, and medical journals of the day, you cannot help being impressed with the attention being given to the inherited tendencies of children. There are, of course, many con dieting opinions ; but upon one point all the writers are agreed—this is in relation to the importance of nutrition during the period of growth. We are furnished with many illustrations to prove that during this growing age is determined, to a great extent, the size and health of the adult body, which in turn influences the next and future generations. For instance, we have it pointed out to us that, in their natural wild state, the size of horses and cattle varies in proportion to the food af- forded them by Natute. In northern countries, where food is searce, we find the Shetland pony, for example ; while in Western America the horses are nvich larger. Let us apply this truth to nur children. How often it happens that, notwithstanding the fondest care, children are utterly unable to assimilato the kind of nourishment that would make them thrive. They make no progress, lave difficulty in forming their teeth, and frequently develop alarming symptoms. A lady in Kent ei.deri- enced something of this difficulty. Her baby had every- thing a b tby would seem to need, and yet its progress was unsatisfactory. The lady herself, in a letter telling about her baby says :

"At six months she was a really beautiful baby, but after she was weaned I was greatly disappointed at the little progress she made She was not in ary way ill, and was a decidedly ge :'-tempered child, bu, made aI.J- solutely no progress, although I devoted my entire time to her. I could not think it right that a child so well taken care of. and Po much in the fresh air, should lose flesh in spite of apparent good health. When she was NAven months old she hal cut four teeth, but in the nee five months cut only L:::e more. At this timf, when baby was one year old, I began giving .ler Scott's Emulsion. I have much - pleasure in saying that she improved in a marve.thns manner. Baby took the Emulon with evident enjoy,nent, and I may say it was just what she needed to give her flesh, strength, and vitality, Yours very truly, (signed) MRS. GEORGE HANDEL, Mayesden, Whitstable, Kent, December 19th, 1895,"

Now the truth is, what the little baby of the foregoin g letter really needed was just what her mother gave her—Scott's Emulsion. If you want to be convinced of what this preparation has done fort cod-liver oil and hypopbosphites of lime and soda, try it on a baby that does not thrive. In the most extreme cases of emacia- tion and wasting, Scott's Emulsion is almost invariably all that is required to restore strength, flesh, vitality, and health. It is of the greatest assistance in forming the growing body, both in giving flesh and forming solid bones, and has a direct bearing upon the early tend- encies of life, to which the scientists are giving such profound attention.

OUR LOCAL CT:LURCHES. CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL.

At this place of w arship on Sunday, the Rev. W. H. Drummond preached the third of a series of sermons on "The early stories of the Bible and their meaning for us," taking on this occasion the sturr of " The F 411." The speaker remarked that, a I)n' time at an earnest thinker stood face to face with a crreat problem—the problem ef the origin of the sin and wickedness and con- sequent misery he saw around him. Others had studied the same question,aml had arrived at various conclusions some of which the preacher outlined, and this thinker set down his idea of the origin of sin, which might be looked upon as an excellent parable of human life.show- ing deep inslaht into human nature, the progress of temptation. Ad the excusee men make for yielding thereto. flis story of "The Fall " was the fundamental basis of the orthodox doctrine of " original sin," yet it was strange that the Bible was, with the exception of one or two rererenees to Adam by St. Paul in his epistles, entirely silent on the matter, and it was not until we descended some hundreds of years in ecclesiastical his- tory that the doctrine was taught with any definiteness. The knowledge we now pogs.d of the history of the human race discredited .the arr‘i-icr of the story re- corded in Genesis, showing that instead of a " fall " from perfection there had been a gradual growth up- ward. But the existence of sin and its inevitable retri- bution even unto subsequent generations was an unclen4- able fact, and the best remedy for Us was the Christi- anity of the gospel.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD BAPTIST CFIURCH.

The third a-r-ni-v-e;s—ary-CA the Christian Endeavour Society was held on Tuesday. The proceedings com- menced with ,a public tea, which was largely attended. After tea, an Interesting entertainment was given in the schoolroom, by various members and friends of the society, the programme consisting of songs, recitations and addresses. The Rev. J. S. Hughes spoke on "Bible Reading," Mr. F. Eves on "A Pure Sunday," and Mr. T. Albinson on "Christian Endeavour Influence." The various reports showed the society to be in a healthy condition. The President (Rev. C. Andrew) presided.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
COLEMAN'S WINCARNIS. 'COLEMAN'S WINCARNIS. 4,003 MEDICAL MEN have sent Testimonials In its favour. Sold in Bottles 2s. 9d. and 3s. 6d. everywhere.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER! SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 189 g.

FOOTB ILL.

[1 HO, G. BUSSE'? lc CO.. are makers of High Class aopli - ances for Football, Golf, Hockey, Lacrosse, and at Sports and Games. also for Gymnasia and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue may be obtained from local Deilers or the Sports Manufactory, London, S.E. Trade Mark G.G.B.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON T. ST. HbLENS.

The above fixture in the Lancashire League came off at St. Helens on Saturday in wet weather. There were not more than 1,000 spectators, and the ground was heavy. Warrington had only a weak team, " Smack " Bate (captain). F. Barber, and three forwards being absentees. St. Helens had their best fifteen on. The combinations were as follows :—Warrington : Heesom, full back; La,wlees, Moores, Cross, and Radford, three- quarters; Houghton and Higginbottom, ' half-backs; Higham, Swift, Taylor, Hill, Jolley, Roby, Scholtze, and Meecock, forwards. St. Helens: Foulkes, full back; Doherty,Jaques, Traynor, and Archer, threequarters ; ' Cross and O'Hara, half-hacks; T. Winstanley, W. Wm- stanley, S. Rimmer, P. Dale, J. Reynolds, W. Briers, W. Whitely, and J. Brownbill, forwards. Mr. Underwood of Wigan was referee.

Cross kicked off for the Saints against a strong wind and Moores returned, Traynor kicking in touch. The homesters wheeled the first scrimmage and Higginbot- tom saved. Foulkes returned a kick, and Houghton by a good punt put the visitors on the offensive. Cross got the oval away and transferred to Traynor, but Doherty failed at his turn. St. Helens were next penalised and Taylor took the kick. Then followed a spell of cross dribbling all over the home half, and the ball coming to Heesom he put it in touch. Houghton got in another useful kick from behind the pack, and the visitors pressed strongly. Thornton looked like scoring when he inadvertently knocked-on. Briers gave the homesters timely relief by running smartly to the Warrington 25. O'Hara made a dash but was met by Houghton, and Fligginbottom relieved temporarily. The next scrim- mage saw O'Flara find touch again in Warrington quar- ters and the Saints gained close proximity to the visitors' line by good dribbling. A couple of good punts by Hig- ginbottom sent the Warringtonians into the home half where Foulkes was tackled. Radford almost let Tray- nor get away but another of Houghton's judicious kicks stopped the movement. Passing along the Warrington backs reached Lawless, who made a good run and War- rington were soon on the Saints line again. Moores at- tempted to drop but the shot was futile,and Cross pulled Traynor down when just getting away. Briers was soon off again with the ball at his toes but the referee ruled him back for off-side. The home forwards then drib- bled into Warrington quarters and Moores relieved with a strong kick. The interval arrived with a black score sheet.

Paylor re-started and Houghton tackled Cross with the ball. A free kick however put the homesters strongly on the offensive and Houghton getting off-side, Warring- ton were penalised and Archer had hard lines with the Penalty kick. Taylor then came through the scrimmage and aided by Houghton gained considerable ground. Another forward dribble by the Saints called upon Ideesont who saved splendidly and Taylor and Lawless transferred play to the home 25. Meecock charged a kick down and Warrington got right in the corner. Then St. Helene dribbled back again and so the game went, each side repeatedly attacking. Moores intercepted a pass meant for Traynor but was tackled quickly. Hig- ginbottotn ran smartly. Cross then got in a lucky kick which sent the ball over the Warrington line. A race ensued and O'Hara was just on the eve of scoring when Lawless sent the ball dead. Warrington were again penalised but the kiek was useless, though Cross punted to the visitors' 25 flag immediately after. Here Efeea.m saved cleverly and found touch. Another of C-oss's passes was snapped up by Moores who made for the line at top speed ; kicking past Foulkes he lonked a certain scorer when that player got in front of him and saved with a strong flying kick. Play then settled down at half-way and Foulkes dropped at goal from midfield, the ball just passing under the bar. The Saints now played up well but the defence was too strong and the game ended in neither side having notched a point.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN V. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

This important fixture was decided on Saturday afternoon, nn the Wheater's field, Broughton, before about 5,000 enecta.tors, and in miserable weather. Both teams were representative. B matt and Cleminson were off the Rangers' team, their places being taken by Sun- derland ani Worthington, whilst Farmer was absent from the cuphnlders' organization. The following were the teams :—Broughton Rangers J. Hacking. back; G. Berry, J. Sunderland. H. Chapman. and S. Deakini three-quarter backs; J. Nelson and G. Messenger. half hacks; C. Thompson, G. Steel. W. Lazenby, J. Worth- ington, T. Blacklnck, R. Mumherson, W. Robinson, and W. Donaldson, brwards. Runcorn: Houghton, back; Richardson, Butterworth, Myers. and Warder, three- quarter hacks: Robinson and J. Faulkner, half backs; W Faulkner, J. Shepherd, Langley, Hughes, Potter, Lightfoot, S. Walker.and Darlington. forwards. Referee: Mr. F. Turner, Warrington. The Rangers won the toes, and elected to play with a strong wind behind them. Punctual te the minute W. Faulkner started on behalf of the Cestrians, and in quick time, from a long kick by Berry, Houghton allowed the ball to go dead. On drne.. Ping ant the homesters put on pressure, and a free kick for off-side play was given against the Rmacornians. Donaldson attempted to land a goal, hut the ball rolled over. The kick was charged down. Messenger put in a neat run and punt, only to see Floughton reply into touch. From the throw out the visitors were forced to defend their lines. Warder effected the desired relief with a kick and follow up. The oval did net remain in neutral territory 1007,as Hacking,with a judicious punt, sent the leather into touch within a few yards of his op- ponente' stronehn'd. The homesters continued to press. and Nelson missed a chance by holding the ball, and I shortly after another dead ball fell to the lot of the Ranger,. Houghton was uoticeable by a splendid mark and kick, but from a scrummage passing took place be- tween Messenger, Nelson, Chapman, Berry, and Sunder- land, ending in the last-named player running in a try near the corner, a performance that was hearily cheered. Donaldson failed to land the premier point. Buoyed by their Success the home front rank went away with a rush, which was stopped by Houghton before it became dargi,rous, and then Chapman almost lowered the Runcorn goal by a splendid drop kick from the cen- tre. Even play enaued,but Messenger had a kick charged down. and Rune.orn thus paid a visit to the home quar- ter flag. Nelson led a drithle back. Fleughton neu- tralized good work by Messenger, and just before the whistle blow Berry evoked loud applause by tricking a number of his opponents. On changing ends the home- stets led by a try to nil. After the interval Donaldson restarted. The return was effected by Warder,a.nd after Messenger had 'elected to Deakin that man was tackled whilst in possession. After a "serum " J. Faulkner gained a considerable amount of ground by good foot work, but Hacking retaliated with a splendid ren,which carried play into the Runcorn quarter. Exciting play ensued, each team striving hard, and at last the visitors got the advantage, as touch was found near the home stronghold. Nelson relieved in splendid style, and this was followed by Berry putting in a neat punt. A free kick further enhanced the proepente of the Rangers, but the visitors were not be be outdone, and their defence was very sound. Free kicks followed to each side, little ground being gained by either. Messenger got near the line before he pulled up, and at the other side of the around Robinson Was prominent. .T. Faulkner failed to pass when considerable ground could have been eained, and he was tackled by Nelson. The game continued to be fouzht dangerously near the home line, until the forwards, led by Dlnale'- snnonade their way down the field. A kick by J.Faulk- ner went into the hands ef Sunderland, and this player foolishly made a mark when he fe,ould have run. He sent the oval to Butterworth. who only just failed tn lend a goal. The drop-out brought SORIA relief to the homesters, hut it was not for long.es shortly afterwards they were defending again. Paving between Measen- eer,Nelsen, Chapman and Deakin remo.v:satiotitghhetonfireeeeffeerec.. thuuatiltyhebyagrroitnenothfeurpthroeerretqh,aonf Deeenatktriimen.,, aTnhde mthl3u7th7:lll prominent with a smart dribble. The Runcorn forwards (mined possession almost every backs had a far better chance than their optements. A magnificent round of passing between G. Robinson, .T. Faulkner, Butterworth, Myers, and Richardson almnst ended in a score,Butterworth being stopped right on the line. Try as they would the homesters could not clear out the visitors, the Runcnrn forwards fairly out-playing their burly opponents, and Deakin failed to field the ball, and the homesters had a very anxious time of it, as a five yards' scrimmage was formed. After this was broken up J. Faulkner got hold, and put his side aheed be dropping a goal. Invigorated with their success the visitors put forth renewed efforts and swooped down on the home line time after time. The Rangers cauld make but little headway, and Sun- derland was tackled near his own line and a minor point ensued. On dropping out another spell of defensive work took place, but this was successfully negotiated, Messenger doing the needful in removing play to centre. Nelson held the ball when an opening for gaining !round presented iteelf,and from now until the close the Rangers had to adop* defensive tactics, and close on time, from scrimmage near the line, G. Robinson got possession. and passing at the right moment to J. Faulkner, the latter dodged clnverly over near the corner, Houghton making a splendid, but unsuccessful attempt from a difficult angle. Time was now called, and Runcorn were de- servedly the victors of a hard and keen ganse, by one dropped goal, one try (seven points), to Rangers one try (three points). WARRINGTON T. ST. HELENS (" A" Tuoma).—There was a large attendance of spectators to witness the first meeting of these teams which took place on the Wilder- spool ground on Saturday. Warrington commenced and after a series of scrimmages the ball was worked out to Peden he making a useful kick into touch. After some ecramhling play in which the ball was kicked over the St. Helens goal line, Scott dropped on the ball and thus scored the•firet try, no goal resulting. On the drop out Scott WAS to the fore with a fine run to the line, but the St. Helens full back returned with sound judgment. The

ball was now worked down to Boscow and he responded with a kick which foun4 touch at half way. Half-time was called shortly afterwards, the score being War- rington 1 try, S. Helens nil. On the restart Cooper was early prominent with a run, being brought down on the line. Not to he denied the Warrington forward went away with a rush aed getting possession of the ball very often found the half-backs plenty of work to do which they did in a rather selfish manner. the ball seldom was passed out to the threequarter line. Cooper who was playing a fine game received the ball at half way and I, wending his way through the whole of the visitors for- ward scored a beautiful try between the pests from which a goal was kicked. After this the S. Helena team fell away and further scoring took place, Isher- wood dropping a splendid goal. From the kick off Cooper got possession but was collared before going far. Final result Warrington 2 goals, 2 tries, (15 points), St. Helens nil. RUNCORN "A " v. BROUGIITON RANGERS "A." Runcorn. The visitors started, and Jolley returned into touch. Runcern gradually got to the centre. A free kick by Poole did not gain any ground. Passing by Woodward and Poole took play near the Broughton line. The viiitors were playing on the defensive for a time, but with short rushes and dribbling play was trans- ferred to the home half, where Taylor returned with a fine kick. Antrobus followed up and kicked into touch. The Rangers now dribbled to the Runcorn end, but Jolley returned with a grand kick, the ball going into touch at the centre flag. Half time arrived with no score. After the interval Runcorn made headway and got into the Rangers' territory. The pressure was re- lieved with passing by Owen and Sanderson, and play was transferred to midfield. After numerous scrimmages Runcorn were awarded a free kick. Lightfoot made a good attempt at goal,the ball tailing short, and a scrim- mage ensued near the pests. Play was uninteresting for a time. W. Smethurst cleared his lines with long kicks into touch. Runcorn had hard lines,hut failed to score. Final result :—Runcorn A," nit; Broughton Rangers "A," nil. RUNCORN RECREATION v. BROUGHTON RECREATION.— These teams Played their return match at Rnncern on Saturday. The previous game,at Manchester,ending in a pointless draw, the return was anticipated with eager- ness by both sides. The visitors arrived in fair time, with a strong team, including Makin, late of Swinton's first team. The home side were rather desultory in turn- ing up and had to take the field with only 14 players, Nixon making the number up when the game had Wen in progress ten minutes. Whitney won the toss. for the home side and elected to play up hill and against the wind and rain (a questionable decision), and the visitors commenced operations. The kick-fl was well returned and play settled in midfield. The visitors were soon on the aggressive, and the home backs had to defend in a very cautious manner. After several futile attempts Makin received a nice pass from his centre ani ran in near the corner flag. The goal kick fall short. The Run- corn men now played up much better and trans'erred play to the other end, but the Broughton men. relieved, and the game was easily contested up to half-time. Just before the interval a serious accident bele! Summerfield, of the home team, on his charging the centre threequar. ter. Both men came to the ground together. but the impact was so fierce that on getting up it was found that Summerfield had badly damaged his shoulder. He was immediately taken to the doctor, who pronounced it a veev serious case of fractured collar-bone. In the second half the game was of a very open character, but the home team, being a man short, were handicapped, and owing to the unfortunate alcident to their Comrade did not show to advantage. They, however, prevented the visitors making any further score, and the game ended in a win for the Broughton team by one try to nil

===== 0002601_18961121_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
JUNIOR LEAGUE.

_ WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S Y. WARRINGTON LOCOS.— These teams met on St. Mary's ground, Liverpool-road, on Saturday. for the first time this season. Punctual start was made. The Locos, winning the toss, Caldwell started, and the Saints soon made a determined rush to the Locos ' territory, where they were a 'Yarded a free kick, the ball being kicked dead. From the kick-off the play was near half-way, but the home team again got away, the Loos. clearing immediately. Deakin scored after a good run, and Roughley improved. The visitors got near to the Saints' linos, and from a free kick Carey failed. Ralf-time—St. Mary's, one goal ; Locos. nil. From the re-start Mason's kick was returned by Thomas and after a scrimmage Bennett got away. The Locos. were awarded a free kick for off-side play, but Siddall made his mark, and from an ensuing scrimmage the vis- itors made a determined rush to the Saints lines. The home forwards, however, relieved, and play was under the Locos.' posts, and a smart pass from Deakin to Siddall enabled the latter to score a try. which was not improved. Soon after Roughley kicked a goal from a penalty kick, whilst Bramhall dropped a goal just before time. The match ended in a win for the St. Mary's by three goals ane try (15 points) to nil.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON V. LIVERPOOL LEEK.—For this match yvith last year's finalists for the Lancashire Amateur Cup Warrington had to subscitute Da.rbyshire, E. Pier- point, and Carter for Carroll, Linaker, and Webster. The visitors, with the advantage of a boisterous wind, kicked off towards the station goal, their evteme wing men making speedy tracks for the homesters' quarters, but the home halves and backs kept their opponents well in hand, consequently Carter had no very serious shots to deal with. Follow;ng this the game was made interesting by some beautiful passing by Jewkes and Darbyshire on the right wing, and by this means War- rington got a foothold in the Welshmen's quarters, a position they held until half-time, and had it not bean for the really brilliant play of the visitors' goalkeeper must have scored several times. Shots from Jewkes, Darhyshire, and Williamson were cleverly saved, and Selby was the only one to score with a really fine volley. Half-time 1-0. Warrington having gained the advan tage against the wind made matters lively for the visi. tors with its help, an although the Leek backs ani goalkeeper played a really sound game they could not prevent E. Pierpoint from scoring one and Da,rbyshire two goals, the last effort of Darbyshire's bein, quite the feature of the game. Final score, 4-0. Warrington : Corter, Broughall, Marchall, R. Connor. E. A. Connor,E. Pierpoint, Darbyshire, Jewkes, Williamson, Selby, R. Pierpoint. The team one and all gave a finished ex- position of the game, hut Dirhyshire deserved special mention. Warrington have now played six matches, winning all and scoring 33 goals to seven.

STOCKTOW HEATH TEMPERANCE v. WILDERSPOOL lIION- OPOLIS —On thP around of the former. The reselt was a win for the hemesters by three goals to two. Berry for the visitors played a splendid game.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CUP COMPETITION.

WITTON ALBION V. SUTTON OLYKPIC.—This game in the first round of the Warrington cup competition was played on the Witton Albion ground on Saturday. The match ne.cis little description, as the Albionites were the masters of the situation throughout. Choy scored eight goals in the first halt, and supplemented this in the sec .nd half by increasing the number to 17. On the other hand the visitors managed to score on two occa- sions, the result reading—Witton Albion, 17 goals to two.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER LEAGUE.

LYHM v. FALLOWFIELD.—PIayed at Lymin on Satur- day. Fallowfield managed to win by two to one to the great sorrow of the home shouters. Lvinm had cm.- tainlv the hest of the play, but shlt wretchedly in the first halt when a goal seemed to be a certainty.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TO OUR WIVES AND MOTHERS.

The health of woman is the foundation of beauty. Good health ensures symmetrical lines and forms, the healthy and blooming appearance, which even brings charm to irregular features. Beauty without health is impossible, consequently it is obvious that women should pay greatest attention to retain good health. Unfortun- ately women are greatly exposei to ersorclers which cause untold suffering and prevent the- folliling their home as well as soci I duties, mak;ng rfo a burden. The greatest medical authorities V- that female troubles would not emir if the kilneye and liver were kept in a he,tlthy condition. It would t. 3 tilioess to at- tempt to cure female diseises without removing the actual cause. Warner's Safe Cure, in e4tabllshlng a healthy action of the kidneys and liver, and neutralising the poisonous acids in the blood—the cause of all in4m- mation—removes the germ of ulceration, abcess.s, etc. This remedy is therefore invaluable in the successful treatment of all female com- nlaints, and its virtue is pronlaimei hy Mrs.. C. Fraser, New Elgin, Scotland, who writes : " I suffered excruciating agonies from an attack of inflammatinn. So intense was the pain, that the least effort to walk cauced me to scream. The various symptoms wen not modified by the internal remedies used nor the external apnlicatinns, and after months of treatment my doctor gave me up. I was then persuaded to give Warner's Safe Cure a trial, and surely it proved a blessinz in giv- ing me bdck health and strength. I am enjoying good health ever sinee."

Mrs. S. Thornton, 4 Belvoir Villas, Levenalpilme,'Man- chester, writ. :—" I have pleasure in testifyiri9; to the benefit received from the use of Warner's Safe Cure and Safe Pills. I had been a sufferer for a lone.: time from ~anstones. I had two doctors and a physician, and was given up. I was at the point of death when a friend came and told me to try Warner's Safe Cure, and I did so. I took twenty-one bottles; after the first one I felt groat relief and have felt better ever since. • Ask any woman of your acquaintance and 'the will frankly tell you what we now say: That this Warn^r's Safe Cure has become so popular a.mon,4 women entirely because it has proved itself to be Their Best Friend.

There were over a thousand applications for the 100 appointments in the Imperial Police Force destined to tike the place of the troopers who served under " Dr. Jim" and the " revolted ', natives in Rhodesia. The first detachment, of the " fortunate " hundred, consisting of troopers drawn from all ranks of life, will leave these shores this week-end.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

The issue in Spain of the internal loan for the Cuban campaign has aroused a fever of patriotism like the one that burst out in Prussia after Jena. The Spanish like the Prussian ladies are selling their jewellery. They de not give gold for an ron cross, but for paper whose in- trinsic value may not be much greater if Spain's reverses continue. The Bank of Spain has opened the subscrip- tion without any commission. Al the banks in Madrid have followed this example—even the agencies of the Cre lit Lyonnais and ether French banks. Newspapers like the " Imparcial." " Liberal," and others, besides the support of their leading articles, gave the Govern- ment their fourth page for advertisements of the loan. Bishops, deans, and chapters have promised to give the gold and silver plate of their churches if it should prove necessary to crush the '• enemies of Spain,"as the Cuban and Phillippine insurgents are always called, and pre- serve the integrity of the country. People assemble in crowds to subscribe the loan, amid cries of "Viva Es- pana !" "Viva Cuba Espanola The Madrid stock- brokers have undertaken to dispose of four millions sterling of scrip. This is a larger sum frli that city than twenty or fifty times as much would be for London.

Not only ornithologists, bat the general public as well will be interested to hear of the unusually large number of snow buntings that have been arriving in England during the past week. For the beautiful little bird is generally considered to be the harbinger of a severe win- ter, plentiful in severe, and scarcer in mild, seasons. Last winter, which passed with scarcely any frost or snow, brought us comparatively few of these feathered visitors. The winter before that, with its great frost, brought them in large numbers. This season they are arriving in greater numbers than ever, the marsh lands of the eastern and fen counties being full of their twit- tering. Are we to get our skates ready, and protect our water-pipes ?

Respecting Joe Summers—the last of the celebrated postboys—who died recently at Melton, a correspondent relates the following incident :—" An order came one day from Belvoir Castle to the George Hotel, Melton, for four post-horses to be at the Castle next day, to take a travelling carriage thence to Leicester. Early on the following morning Joe and his fellow postbov went to Balvoir, brought the carriage to Melton, changed horses, and went on te Leicester. They had scarcely got back to Melton when another carriage and four drove up, which had to be taken on to Nottingham. When they arrived at Nottingham they found hut one 'boy' at home ;so Joe had to go on with the Nottingham boy to Derby. He got back to Melton next morning, after bumping saddle 126 miles. He told me he slept on his horse nearly the whole distance between Nottingham and Melton.

A new sociAtvito be known as the V..nezuela Colonisa- tion Sociey, is being organised in the United States,with its headquarters in St. Louis, whence early next year it will start for Venezuela. The Government of that country has given a large grant of land to the society for the purpose of starting the colony, and, in addition, it has undertaken to furnish the people sent out with free transport thither, and to maintain them in food for a month after their arrival. The arrangements are be- ing largely made by Mr. W. H. Reynolds, the secretary of the society, who some five years ago started a colony in Costa Rica, which is said to be in a very flourishing condition. It is expected that a start will be made with a couple of hundred men and their wives and families. It is likely that the chief enterprise which will engage them, at first at all events, will be coffee-growing and gold-mining.

A broad-piece was sold in London on Monday for £770, which is said tn be the highest price ever given in an auction-room for a single coin. This particular piece was known as the Juron Medal, from the fact that it was given to the prelate of that name by Charles I. just before the latter was executed. The price which the piece brought by auction in 1854 was £2BO.

Amongst the other little legislative contracts which the Australian colonies so light-heartedly take in hand (says the " St. James's Gazette "), but which the more nervous, and cautious legislators of the old country are very chary in touching, is the abolition of the barmaid. In south Australia her days are numbered, and she automatically ceases to exist on June 30, 1899. Such is the effect of a clause introduced into the Licensed Victuallers' sill in the Parliament of that colony by a member named O'Malley, who succeeded in carrying it in Committee by a majority of six.

Apples—whether fresh or nreserved—have a fine tonic effect on the stomach ; one good apple usually giving a good appetite in about ten minutes. Eat, therefore,two or three good-sizad apples at every meal. By using the fruit largely, one's physical power of endurance under labour, either mental or physical, are very much in- creased, and flesh is gained. This may be attributed chiefly to the fact that apples assist the digestion and as- similation of foods of other kinds. Besides, chemists r,•- cord that apples contaira a larger percentage of nitrates and phosphates (food for brain and muscle) than any other Luit.

Prince Ferdinand, of Bulgaria, is taking care tha.t his son and heir shall be duly instructed in the new faith to which he has hoer" " converted." The little prince is now deemed to be old enough to attend divine service, and so a chapel has been provided for him, with apart- ments for his religious instructor. The archimanchite Vassili has been appointed to that office, and the neophyte is being regularly initiated into the doctrine and ritual of the Orthodox Church.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MA.YOR AND CORPORATION

AT CHURCH.

At the invitation of the nayor the members of te Corporation, officials, and others accompanied him to the Parish Church on Sunday morning. A procession was formed in front of the Town Hall at ten o'clock, headed by the Borough Brass Band playing appropriate :nusic. Then followed 53 members or the borough police force under the direction of the Chief Constable, and the firemen under the superintende.nce of Mr. Turner. All presented a very smart appearance. Tiae Mayor (Alderman James Fairciough) had the+ Town Clerk on his right and his chaplain (the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton) on his left. The members of the Corporatios present were: Aldermen Franeomb, Wright, and Flutchinon. and Councillors Rob ,rts, Heaton, Shaw Green, Dr. Ca nnell, R. W. Monks, Smethurst, Bennett, Shillcock, Baird, Evans, Pierpoint, Lee, Rogers, Furness, Tinnion, Jolley, Burton and Grace. The officials present were, in addition to the Town Clerk, Mr. Stanley Wil- son (assistant town clerk), Mr. John Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. John Sutcliffe (ass;stant borough sur- veyor), Mr. George F. F. White (deputy clerk to the magistrates), Mr. Robert Young (cemetery registrar), Mr. W. S. Howard (cashier of the Gas Department),Mr. Charles Madeley (librarian, curator, So). The rear was brought up by Messrs. Thomas May, Thomas Tunstall, William Lawless. Samuel Hunt, Hugh Fairhurst,Thomas Birtles, Genrie Watkins, H. Toft, W. J. Shaw, E. Auk- land, and T. Morris..

. - On arrival at the church gates,the Mayor and members of the Corporation were met by the Iletor (the Rev. Canon Willis), the Rev. G. B. Thurston, and the Rev. E. J. Wil!cocks, who preceded them into the builling. Seats were reserved for those in the procession. There was a large congregation. The prayers were read by the Rector and the Rev. G. B. Thurston, and the lessons by the Rev. E. J. Willcocks. Mr. W. S. Woods was at the organ. The sermou was preached by the Rev. E C E. Carleton from the words : '• Who went about doing good," Acts x. part of the 38th verse. The preacher re- marked that it would seem that in these days the teach- ings a d the researches of science w?re bringing them nearer and nearer to the doctrines of divine revelation. Certainly modern scientific research would seem to be apnroaching more and more that miraculous realm which we s supposed to be religion's special province, and which for a long time it refused to recognize. He wiebed to enforce the fact that Jesus did gool, although he should be colt° willing to leave the doctrine to be tried by thet test which modern scientists were else eys ready to accept as a proof of excellence—he meant the test of" the survival of the fittest," the survival of the religion of Christ over all philosophy and speculation. The oracles of Greece were dumb,Rnme's costliest shrines were crumbling to dust, but the religion founded by the peasants of Galilee under the Saviour's inspiration still commanded, and had commanded in all ages, the horn- wee and the allegiance el the most civilized nations of the world. Christ's work was specific rather than general, and that was the kind of work which, as a rule, had very little attraction for them. Christ thought less of the crowd and more of the individual. He signalled out men with a special discern- ment, interest and sympathy, and love ; He narrowed the area of His work, but to that extent He gave it depth. He kept in mind the needs of body and soul. Men were to a great extent creating their own needs, develoning in themselves an unhealthy appetite which grew the more it was satisfied, and as an abnormal appetite for food might be a symptom of disease in the body so disease in the soul might show itself by a simile! creation. The preacher, in conclusion, showed that Christ's vrotk wag not only disinterested, hut that it involved sacrifices, as all good work did. If .eey woul J do any good in the world they must pay the penal.e. They would make enemies. They woeld be misunder- stood, and it might be disliked, and the really vicious would stir up hatred against them falsely ; but the good work remained, that could not perish.

FROM THE MOMENT OF BIRTH USE CUTICURA SOAP.—It is not enly the nurmst, sweetest, and mos refreshing of nursery sips, but it contains delicate emollient properties ni-,%ai fled from Cuticura (ointment), the great skin cure, which purify and beautify the skin, and remove skin blemishes, occasioned by imperfect cleansing and the continuPd use of impure soaps. Grar- r Weed absolutely pure by analytical chemists of the highest standing whose certificates of analysis accompany each tablet.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the above assl3iation was held in the Bold-street schoolroom on Wednesday evening. There was a fairly good attendance and the chair was taken by Miss Be Dutton. There were also on the platform Mrs. John Yong, Mrs. Gunnell, (secretary), Mrs. Braysha.w (Manchester), and Mrs. Garnett.. Mrs. Roberts, (treasurer) and Miss Bradbury (joint secretary) were also present.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SEC RETA RY'S RETORT.

After devotional exercises the following report was read by the secretary, Mrs. Gunnell : Is presenting their report for another year the commit- tee feel that their progress has been more in the direc- tion of consolidation than of extension. Still they trust that this root growth will result in larger and more abundant fruit in future months and years. Upwards of seventy pledges have bsen taken during the year, though from various causes the number of public meet- ings has no been so large as in previous years. The annual meeting was held in the Lecture Hall of the Y.M C.A. on October 31st, 1695, when Mrs. Green, of Fazakerley, Liverpool, gave an interesting account of temperance work among working women in Liverpool, St. Helens, &c. Meetings were afterwards held at Cock- hedge Mission Room,Moore,and Sankey Bridges. Several new pledges were taken at Moore, and at the Sankey Bridges meeting a petition was numerously signed in favour of Mr. Stevenson's Sunday Closing Bill, which was at that time before the House of Commons. Most of the speeches were on that particular phase of the tem- perance question. On March 11th, 1596, we were favoured with a visit from Miss Agnes Slack, honorary secretary of the B.W.T.A. The meeting which was held in the Bold-street Wesleyan Lecture Hall, was more largely attended than any we have previously held in Warrington, and vas ably pre- sided over by Mrs. John Fairclorigh. A large number signed the pledge in response to Miss Slack's appeal, and 16 new mrmbers were added to our ranks, The Com- mittee look forward hopefully to another year of prayer- ful and diligent effort. They note with thankfulness, a deepening and widening horror of the evils wrought by the drink; a sure and steady growth of temperance sentiment ; a deeper sense of personal responsibility among Christian women ; and a greater willingness to practice self-denial, if need be, for the sake of those " ready to perish " for whom Christ died. For these , "signs of the times" we thank God, and under their inspiring influence, we take courage for future toil. The officers for the ensuing year were—president, Mrs. Yonge ; vice-presidents, Mrs. Garnett and Miss Dutton ; committee. Mrs. Reed, Mrs. Potts, Mrs. John Fairclough, Mrs. J. B. Isaac, Miss Green and Miss Vanda Taylor ; treasurer, Mrs. H. Roberts ; secretaries, Miss Gunnell and Miss Bradbury.

A letter of apology for non-attendance was read from Mrs. John Fair( lough.

TREASURER'S REPORT.

Mrs. GUNNELL then read the report of the treasurer which showed that they commenced the year with a balance in hand of £2 12s. 91. Subscriptions and col- lections realised £9 13s. 911., making a total of £lO 6s. Bd. The expenses for printing, posting, hire of hall, &c., amounted to £7 17s. 80. The balance in hand was thus £2 83. 10±i. Miss DUTTON said they could not be ashamed of the report, though they wanted more enthnsiasm and a more frequent recurrence of meetings. (Applause.) Mrs. BRAYSHkW, in the course of an interesting address en the evils of drink, said all of them had influence over someone or other and they must remember that they were to some extent their brother's keeper, because the law of nature was that we lived in families and com- munities and no one of us could do an action that had not some influence over someone else. Referring to the hereditary tendency to drunkenness, the speaker said it was a curious thing and we did not know how far back some of our ancestors might have indulged in strong drink, the liking for which might crop up generations after. The safest thing was to touch not, taste not, and handle not. If we never took any drink we could never become drundards. It was the moderate drinkers who made the drunkards, for no one began with being a drunkard. They all began with being moderate drinkers, hoping that they would be able to control their appetite, but many found that it was im- possible on continue with moderate drinking. So long as drink-shops were to be found at the corner of every street the poor people were bound to take drink. Their will-power in many cases was utterly gone and then there was the hereditary taste. She wished those who were mothers would remember to bring their children up so that they would neither know the taste or smell of strong drink. In the year 1890 there were 500 children under ten years of age taken into custody in the streets of London for being drunk and incapable. Those 500 children were criminals manufactured by the drink traffic. Mrs. Brayshaw thought it was a reasonable thing for the inhabitants of any neighbourhood to band them- selves together and say they would not have drinkshops in their midst, and she concluded by exhorting all her hearers to do something for the cause. (Applause) Miss DUTTON thanked Mrs. Brayshaw heartily for hr address and for the suggestions she had Diadf..

Mrs. BRAYSHAW moved that the report read by the secretary be adopted. Mrs. JOHN YoNem seconded, and complimented Mrs. Gunnell on the nice report she prepared every year. She then spoke at some length on the work there was to be done in the poorer districts. Meetings should be held there, and Mrs. Yonge asked fot assistance in starting such meetin.s. Referring to the evils of drink and the need for active intervention she said the matron of the Warrington Workhouse gave her testimony to the effscts of drunkenness. Mrs. Ward had said to the speaker that if they took away all the inmates who were there through drink they would have none left. I Miss DUTTON alluding to the vein of sadness which at- tached to the meeting by the loss of Mrs. Parker, said they could only be grateful for the memory of her useful work in life. It would be unfit th At the meeting should not make som ,eoenition of her wr‘rlr. and remember that she was the founder of the great Society they reprc- seeted that night. Mrs. R. GARNETT related the early conversion of Mrs. Parker to temperance. The deceased lady, she said, went to America in the time of the great whisky crusade when the women came out so strongly ; and when she ceme back to Eneland she personally invited a number of fidies from America and the tint great meeting was field. The RrisL Women's Temperance Association was then founded and Mrs. Parker was really the foundress ef it. Since Mr,. Parker died many beautiful testimon- ies had been given to her memory, and Mrs Garnett r( ad a letter from alady.testifying to Mrs. Parker's w, rk twenty years ago. She (Mrs. Garnett) trusted that the occasion might be one of deeper consecration to some of them and that upon them Mrs. Parker's mantle might fall.

Miss DurroN gave an earnest address in which she expressed the hope that the young would take up tem- perance work. She hoped they would have volunteers that night, and that God would surely rain blessing upon them and give them his deepest bliss. (Ap- plause.) The report was then unanimously adopted. During the evening Mrs. F. R. Roberts recited " Shelter," (an American story), and "The Goblins." Both were expressively given and worthy of the appre- ciation they met with. airs. H. M. Ashton accompanied the hymns en the piano. A collection was taken in aid of Lady Henry Somer- set's Armenians Relief Fund. The meeting closed with the benediction pronounced by Miss Dutton.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
PERFECT THRIFT BUILDING SOCIETY

A special meeting of the members of the War- rington and District Perfect Thrift Building Society was held in the Druids' Hall, Sankey-street, on Tuesday evening. It was called to consider the ad- visability of balloting the full number of shares held by each member instead of one share only as had previously been the case. After discussion, it was unanimously decided that in fature the ballot should be for the full number of shares held by each member.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTERTAINMENT AT LATCHFORD.

The first. public gathering of the season in con- nection with the Order of Good Templars was held in the Temperance Hall on Monday evening. The chair was occupied by Councillor L. Ellison. The programme was of an interesting character,and the room was crowded. An address delivered by the Chairman opened the proceedings. Recitals, songs, and readings, &c., were given by the following: Misses L. and E. Hough, M. J. Clarke, Messrs. J. Ditchfield, G. Ainsworth, B. Few, W. Owen, F. Blease, ii. Hampton, J. J. R. Corbett, F. A. Jenkins, H. Fletcher, A. Hampton, W. J. Ditchfield, J. Hamp- ton. An amusing sketch was given by Mes3rs. J. J. R. Corbett, IJ. Aampton, and J. Ditchfield. The Latchford Amateur Minstrels were present under the able leadership of Mr. J. J. R. Corbett, and con- tributed to the programme in a most successful manner.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postdge.

5-0 a.m.

'lO-30 „

===== 0002601_18961121_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton. & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Vl'int of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, rrescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, St4)ckport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, B'rkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens. Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earle stown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

5-40 RECEIVING

RECEIVING HOUSE— *Rarlestown

BUB-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green *Go'borne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statiwe (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

[OUSE, Sun-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOOS ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

. - -,.... .........•

SuNDATO. 0-30 p.ns,

9-55 a.o* Nil. Nil. Nil. .4-4";.0* 10-30 sail.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 „

2-15 p.m

===== 0002601_18961121_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign 7.0 a.m. London ancl the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- 11-30 „ beriand, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, , Southport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- 11.4 b kirk, Whines, & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancasi'r P. New• wton-le-'Willows, St. 'Telt:mg. ancl 2-lb

12-15 p.m

Chester .. Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties : Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter. Wales, and Ireland tilasgow. Preston, Wigan. Man- _ . _ .

} 3-15 ,

„ _ chester, Bolton. & Chester London and Foreign, South. 8.- Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate..Woolston, Stockton

5-30 p.m.

_ Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S.- Eastern Counties

.; 945,,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the time to which a Letter can be pots' with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpeal Stamp.

---•••••d'#'

With Or- dinary Postage up o

, !With 1110 Half penal StamP up to

MAILS.

1 up to

A o exas 10

Newtonle-W illows ....••• Widnes, Appleton, Parn worth Baton, Penketh, Preston Brook

2-15 am.

Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury

and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thel wall _ _ _

5-30 a.m.

Newchurch, Croft Padgate, Stotock ton Heath, Btretton, Warburton,

6-3 0 a.m.

and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchori Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock port, Buxton. Y rkshire North-

8-55 a.m.

umberland, Durham. ,t. S.-East

Lancashire 'London. Southern and S.-Western, Counties, Central South Wales]

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part ot North Wales,

and lreland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helen., Widnes, Newton, and

11-10 a.m.

Runcorn Manchester, . 8.-East Lancashire,

11.30 ti.m.

South Wales, S.-West ot Eng- land. Yorkshire. Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery .London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton

11-30 a.m,

12 Noon 1-50 am

Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and

1-50 p.m

S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool. Scutt hport, Ormskirk , Bath, Bristol, F,xeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland. Chester, Wre, ham, L!andudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, &

1-0 p.m.

025 P.m.

1-40 p.m.

Sheffield Preston Broo Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and ,au Liverpool Prodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lymm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St. Helens Orford and Htalme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln-

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

shire — - Town Delivery Preston, West CuTrberland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormakirk, Isle

9-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

of Man, & Glas'row Night Mail Despecti. All Parts London. Midlands, S.-Eastern & South Counties. & Foreign

10-45 a.M.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
11.30 2.01

3-15 0.

6-45 sap'

7-0 ft.ni., Next do/

- ' - . - . . ' ' ' ' " ..' ' ' '

Mn 3 PONSONISY.9 HA.IR RESTOI4tt. great (l•scarxerya Most Refreshing Wash, Marvellous Results, Innumetable Testimonials, Patronised by Royalty. la great deraso,4 by Professionals. makes the Hair Grow. prev.nt3 -Rgu- nese, Invigorating, restores hair to its na/ uraleolour. gives healthy and youthful appearance. Vloa,astonielv ing results ;2s 6d Bottle. post tree.-1 drli lssMis. Pale SONBY. 25. Lime-st.. Liverpool—Adet.

RANGHS.—See the Herald Improve Lif:!rg Fir° Ranges.—Sole Agent, GAItr,A.ND, Bridge-street —Aivt.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
__..,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I Extra

===== 0002601_18961121_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 .0; ~:

===== 0002601_18961121_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.to.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

1 Nil. 10-15 a.IIP

===== 0002601_18961121_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
12-0

===== 0002601_18961121_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILN

la Acton Bridge- -20. Sundays matltaAr and Hi I 9 Sun lays 9 , Birmingham 5• 0, 3120, 51 ".10adayt3 exec miroaingliam 55 ✓ ,11152. Sul ~,,Blackburn -2 'i44, 8 47 Sand Blackpool-5 45. 614, / 17, t▪ olton —5 45, adays 843 a. O• arlisle —2 37 ✓ 37, 3 35 ,•Ohester-7 42 742, 1014, Collins Green :410 7 8, 9 25, 10;e we—a 3 6. h63.5,t 320, 51 ou. aNiondaN paresbury.-7

Itirldays 8 44, a kperby (Midis ultdays 11 45 Rarlestoa n 15,,,,3 35,3 48, 5 • w.B 35, 343,; ▪ Rdiuburgh- 41radays 2 37 a 2 Fiddler's Fer '0,512,6 17, ▪ ?rodsham —7

===== 0002601_18961121_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
,Iketon Brid.

1-days 7 53 le_latcar and -42.231,82 i t airminghai v 50,7 25,10 1 B• irminghai ._°4o 6 45, blO "Pt Monday B• lackburn- Elndays 60, Black pool 10 35, 10 . _ _

Illackcool ( 17, 655, 8 _i

- - - Bolton-5 a" 55, 8 30, all "aye only. UarliSle-1! Elndays 12 Chester-2 "0, 3 45, 55 16 50,. P. Collins GrE 110, 5 28, 6 re

'▪ 10 5 25 5 4( 115 ▪ Daresbury al, a.m. 7 , Derby-8 1 ▪ 33. Sundaj Harlesto WE ; .5,1 47,2 15, `l4. 9 59, 1( „ &Edinburgh 4 10. cMon, dier's I 2. 6 54 Prodsham

slava 6 5 Garston(C 11 5, 1256. 1121. Sunc Glasgow— , Golhorne- -40 47. Sun( RougkGr, SlO 523, 455,9 10. ▪ Irlam and •iitidays 10 , Latchford. 2 0,4 22, b 5 • 33, 7 23. , Liverpool • 10, 4 30 6 Mondays o Pia Widn "20 65, , Liverpool 35,9 38, lE : 30, 345, ; ao, 8 40, i 4. 65,4 20,5 3 London (1 10 0, 129. ,„London C 4 ;4 0. Sund Lymm—E 1• 4, b 5 33. tEo. aSatt

===== 0002601_18961121_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TINIE 'TABLE (

NOVEMBER. FROM WARRINuTON TO •12,3et01a Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 5.3 235, 15 15, 5 355, ' Sundays 10 15 a.m. .Altzar and Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3, 15,a 40 a6O 119 Sun-lays 9 36, 25, 8 50. a Stops if required. , 13,!rmingham (L & 4.-W.)53.6. a 3 23,7 10,7 35,950,0 45,120, , 320, 5 15, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 6,10 16, 4 2C, 11 35, "▪ 01ondays excepted lb‘Mondays oniv, t irrolugham Midland)-6 6. 959. 1155, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, • w,11i52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. e.Blackburn -237, 529, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 1225, 2 25, 4 45, 9.4.847 Sundays 843.60. J3lackpool-5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 56, 11 40, 12 25, 225, 545. 6 14, ( 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 37. 8 43, 6 0. ▪ 'l3oltoll-5 45,8 -5. 10 2). 12 14.1 15,3 20,4 21, 6 25,7 17, 9 2, '4lldays 843 a.m., 5 0. 8 53, p.m. , Carlisle-2 37, 5 29. 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays "7.335 „ Ohester-7 42,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 25,1 40,1 52,3 13, 422, 5 11. 14. 7 42, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 844 10 23 a.m. 7 45, 11 32. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 9 58. 12 7, 1 15, 3 35, 3 48, 55, sto, 78, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. • Crewe-a3 6, b 3 23, 7 10, 735, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 150, 320, 5 15, 72), 11 35. Sundays 36, 10 15, 4 23, 135. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury--7 42, 9 5, 12 25, 1 52. 3 13, 5 11, 6 4, 742, 10 14 olltlilitys 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. „ Derby (Midland)-6 6. 959, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53, randays 11 45 a.m., 4 25,5 15 p.m. , Rarlestou n -5 45,7 10,8 25,8 35,9 58,10 40, 1055, 12 7,12 25. ,1• 15,3 35,3 48, 5 5, 5 30 6 20,7 8. 9 25. 1010, 10 30. Sundays, '40,8 ,35, 8 43,a.m. 4 56,60. t 47,9 43 p.m. 2clinburgla-2 37. 529. 955. 1140, 12 25, 2 25, 210 348, 025 days 2 37 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Piddier's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 45. 11 53, 1 55, 512,610, l7, 8-0. 948. Sundays 6 48, 240, 7 50. Prodsham -7 42. 9 5. 10 23, 12 25, 1 52. 3 13, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, 4.42, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 56. 831, 95. 140. 5'6, 2 10. 40. 5 29. 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- -90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays cSaturdays excepted. , Glasgow-2 37. 529, 9 56, 11 40, 12 25. 2 25, a Lits, 2. •011 clays 2 37, a.m. 9 45. Golborne-5 45,7 10,8 35. 10 55,12 25, 1 15,3 48, 5 30, 7 17, ▪25 10 10. Sundays 8 43.6 0. Rougn tireen-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95. a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10,4 0 ,129, 60. 70. 80, b 9 30, alo 20, Sunday 'O.ll 25, Z 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadisheaa (Central)-7 0, 7 18, 7 55, 8 13, 70, 'ts,B 13, 9 15. undays 8 56, 10 12. 3 25. 5 15. 7 18,9 35. , Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20,7 22, 80,90, 9 58 49, 12.36. 1 16. 3 38. 4 11, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13 I 'lindays 8 50, 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. , Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 532. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, t'a 7, 1225,1 15, 348. 55, 6207 8, 9 23, 10 30. Sundays 35, tao, 8 30, 843, 3 28. 4 56. 60, 9 48. From High Level Plat- °rm, aMortdays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825, 109, 11531 5543 20, 5 12,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40,7 50, „ Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 3, 530, 7 12, 7 56, 831 iS , 50,9 5. 9 50, 10 24, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50, 12 0, 12 50, 12 57, 15, 1 41. 1 50,2 10, 2 50,3 8. 3 37, 350, 4 0, 4 50, 553, 6 18, 6 50, 7 0, 7 SC, 8,0, 850,9 6,9 20,59 3i 10 15 10 46. clllO, 11 39 Sundays 432,5 30, 90, 9 55, 11 25. 2 20, 239, 7 10. 8 30,9 18, 10 18, 10 33. caaturdays only. aExcept Mondays. bexcept Saturdays. London (L.& N.-W.)-la3 6, 53 23. 7 10. 9 50. 1045. 12 0 1 50,3 20,5 15, 11 35. Sundays 3 6, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays excepted sMondays only. London (Midland)-6 16. 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 50,11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20.? 22, 80, 9 0, 9 53, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 3 38, 411, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 15. Sundays 8,50, 38, 8 10. Saturdays only. 5 Manchester (L. & N.-W.) ee2 45, 53 10, 54 45. 5 45, 7 10, '2• 5, 835. 919, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 20. 3 20, 421, 530, 65 117, 88, 92, 10 30. Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 60, 747, From High Level Platform. aMondays only, bMoiadays *leePtec4. „ Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20 2• 0, 7 55, 857. 9 55, 1046. 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5,9 10. 1140. 011n.days 8 46. 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. 5 Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 18, 1 55, 8 13, 8 05. 92. 66, 1055, 1125, 1155. 1255, 155 255. 355, 4 55, 5 55, Z 55,7 0, 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, 010 0, all 15, 1150, 511 57, 50Ondays 8 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 32 5 515, 718, 855, 9 22. •35, io 0. aSaturdays only. sSaturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 35, 10 45, 2 35, 0 35, 7 LO. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35. 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. , Newton-le-Willows-2 45a,3 10c. a 4 45, 5 45,7 10, 8 35,9 19, ,9 20, 10 40,10 55, 1214, 12 25.1 15. 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 525, 6 25 .1,17,0 2,9 2.5, 10 10,10 31 itindays 3 103 40. 8 43, a,m.. 3 35, 0, 6 0, 7 47, 9 48. aMondays only, cMondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 755.8 13,8 41,10 27, 11 0, 12 27,1 44, 2 17,3 55, 0.8,7 0, 6 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 50, 515 9 35. Prestori-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, ; .5.26, 3 48, 445, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays,2 37, 8 43, • 0.5, 6 0 9 48. Runcorn-7 32.8 20.9 42, 11 53, 1 55, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 80, , Sankey (for Penketh)-c7 12, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 0, 120, 1 5, 'lO, 258, 40, 5 29. 60. 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20, 1046. Sun- Itays 90, 11 25. 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- 'Ws only. cMoudays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chin fey and Dore Line `•-2 55, 10 55, 1255. 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 3 50, 5 15, S• t.Helens-5 32,7 10,3 20,8 35,9 J 3, i 0 55,12 7,12 25,115,3 35, ° 48,5 5, 6 20, 78, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 835, 8 48, 60,9 48 , Southport (Cheshire Lines) -4 30, 5 30,7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 9. 15, 1 14. 3 15, 40, 56, 60,7 9, 9 10, Sundays 9'36, 2 5, 0 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16.3 38,4 11 018, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur 478 only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-? 56, 05, 105. 11 0, 120, 1 5, e 10. 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60.70, 80.9 10, a 9 30, 510 20. Sun - Ss 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. sSaturdays Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, `2O, 5 12,6 17, 80. 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. • , 11Vigaia -2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 7 10,8 35. 9 55, 10 55,11 40, 12 25, 14 2 25, 3 48, 4 45. 5 30, 6 14. 7 17, 847, 10 2, 10 10. Bun- 44ya 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0, 9 48

TO WARRINGTON FROM &• Cton Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 440, 6 44, 829 "kidays 753, 432. 3Altcar and Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays 0,2 31,822. , Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 5 50, 7 20, 9 5, 11 35, 3 40, ° 50,7 25,10 15,1115. Sundays 310,12 15,70,10 15. , Birmingham ,(Midland)-6 5, 850, 11 30, 1 25, 2 40., 040 6 45, blO 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 40, 11 19. blix- NA Mondays. B• lackburn-8 30, 10 48, 1 55, 24, 320, 5 34, 755, 10 12, 9andays 8 0, 2 2, 5 40, 9 13. „ Blackpool (Talbot itoad)-8 10, 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 10, 8 35, 100. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. 1• 31ack000l (Central)-7 25, 7 45, 827, 8 55, 9 55. 10 25, 1 17, .17, 6 55, 8 15.1 J 10 Sunda3 a 7 10,115. 4 55. 8 40, , Bolton-5 45, 80, 8 40, 9 15, 10 35. I.?, 35. 2 20, 415, 5 10. 2 55, 830, alo 5), Sundays 820 a.m.,6 10, 930 p.m. aSatur- °Lys only. C• arlisle-12 5, 6 40, 8 40, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 38. 8 41, qundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. , Chester-2 32. 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012,11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 3 45, 5 5, 5 30,6 35.7 35,7 45, 8 35. Sundays 2 0. 2 32,6 30, 'an 6 50,. p.m. aSaturdays only. , Collins Green-6 39,7 16. 8 42,10 9.11 23.12 38,1 4,1 43 210 °IQ. 528, 623, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 8 1.. a.m., 715. . Crewe-2 1, 455, 60,6 33. 8 13.9 •LO, 115, 11 10, 1 50. 2 35, 210,5 25,5 40, 65, 8 5, 920. Sundays 2 1, 4 55, 7 10, 2 40, 4 0, it is. ▪ Baresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 23. Sundays ' 21, a.m. 137 p.m. _Berby-8 15, 10 10. 1 10, 35, 350, 4 45, 7 0, 83, al2 35 '33. Sundays 3 33, 7 30,6 18, 650, 3 33. alixcept Mondays. Rarlestown-6 59, 7 20, 8 48, 9 32, 10 13, 10 26, 11 36, 12 50, 5,1 47,2 15,3 10,5 8,5 42,5 53,6 30.7 38,9 20, al2 O. Sundays " 'l4. 9 59, 10 3, 4 0, 7 23. aSaturdays only. Rdinburgh-c9 10, 10 15, 20. 6 0.9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 10. cmondays excepted. dler's Ferry & Peuketh-7 12, 9 5, 9 43, 12 24, 2 17, 327, 2. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57, 87. Prodsham-7 55, 9 3, 102, 11 27, 232, 47, 5 27, 6 58, 7 8 days 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 7 42,8 10, 90, 9 50, 10 40, ,kt 5, 12 56. 2 13. 35. 4 20. 4 56. 59, 5 56, 657, 93, 41 21. Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-10 0, 20, 655, 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. Golborne-6 44. 8 26, 10 12, 12 28,2 41, 4 36,a 35,7 15, 99, 1047, Sundays 9 40, 75. Hougk Green-7 55, 8 25,9 9, 10 3,10 55,1 9,1 54, 2 24. 3 19, 10 523, 67, 7 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, ▪ 55,9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 55, 8 52, 11 20 '4Undays 10 59. 6 53, 8 35. 10 0. , Latchford--8 13. 8 40. 932 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 213 ; 0,4 22, b 5 41. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sundays 833 33. 7 23. aSaturdays only. ()Saturdays excepted. , Liverpool (via Barlestown)-a2 .55, 60. 80, 11 30, 15. 10, 43060. 8 0, 10 5. Sundays 7 30, 9 20,am 6 30, 8 40. %Mondays only. , Pia Widnes-6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55. 12 35, 1 30. 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 20, 65, 810, 1045. Sundays 7 45, 210 720, 1045. , Liverpool (Central)-5 30, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, ; 36,0 38, 10 30 11 30,11 35,11 55, 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0. ao 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 50, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 80, ; 30. 840, 930, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 2 30, 55,4 20,6 30,8 30,833.9 35. aSaturdays only. I„London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, `u 0, 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m., 50, 10 0, 12 0. ,London (Midland)-5 15. 10 5. 12 0. 20. 40,50, a 9 15 :i4 0. Sundays 9 15. 12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 5 8 32, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9 1 11, a 137. 2 5. 250 14 bg 33 5 56. 6 41, 7 41. 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 225, 15: "laSaiurdays only. bSaturdays excepted. , Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 03 0,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 0, 11 25, 5. 2 32,3 0. 3 45,4 25,5 0,5 10,7 5,9 20,10 40,11 Os. Sundays 0, 830, 9 0,a.rn.6 0,10 40. From Bxchange.aSaturdays only. ,Manchester (London-road)--7 15, 750, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 4 5, 2:0, 3 40,f 355. 5 20, 6 5. 7 5. 8 55, 10 45. Sundays 10, 1 40, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. 11 Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 435, 10 30, 10 45, 11 30, 1230, 12 45, 130. 230. 330, 4 30, 48, 530, 6 30, 6 38,7 30, 8 30. 833, 9 55, alo 50.11 0. Sun.- 143's. 830, 910, 9 30,1040.1 40,2 0 2 5,6 35. 8 15, 9 40. Sittur - "Vs only. Middlewich-6 48 11 37, 2 42, 61. ~Moore-7 0,9 6, 1157, 320 455, 657. Sundays 8 15, 4 48. 4ewton-le-Willows.-6 55, 7 30,8 42, 9 11. 929. 10 9, 10 22, 11 34.11.52,12 45, 1 6,1 30.3 0, 4 7.4 53,5 5.5 49, 827,7 30,7 35. 'I 17,11 8, all 47. Sundays 8 30,9 49,10 0, a.m, 3 55,7 20, 11 5. Saturdays only. Padgate-7 51, 8 26, 90. 10 6, 19, 2 5, 5 13, 73, 9 16, Sun- (lV 8 53, 11 20, 2 32, 9 12. 10 13. Preston-a 2 21, 5 50, 625, 95, 926. 10 10, 11 28, 2 46. 5. 7 59, 9 45. 10 47. SundayL 2 21, 8 35, 3 15. 6 10, 10 46 aMondays excepted. e ,auneorm-8 39, 9 19, 10 15, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 41, 4...9, 7 56. bastikey (for Penketh)-6 51. 8 6. 8 41. 925. 10 19. 11 24. ▪ 36, 136.2 5.2 40. 3 44, 4 35,5 21,5 40, 6 22,7 26, 9 34. Sun- -8 49, 3 43, 5 7, 9 23, 4 ,oheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -11 0, 150, 0. 70. Sundays 815 a.m. 6 5 p.m, Ip. Helens-6 25,7 0,8 28, 9 18, 955, 1115, 126, 1250, 1 30, 7 255, 4 45, 5 25, 610, 70, 90, 10 33, *ll 20. Sunday A 9 35,a,m., 6 55, 95. *Saturdays only. 2 1300,hport (Lord Street) 8 10, 8 5,, 10 20, 11 25,12 58, 10, kr..5.2 5j,3 55, 7 0, 85, a 9 0,9 35. Sundays 9 0,2 10, 80. a iat gaYs only. 4.The lwall-8 9, 856, 958, 1113, 115, al 41, 29, 255 44, 3537. 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 829 49, 7 19. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. a 2vvoidnes (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 858, 9 33,10.33, 12 16,1 4, 2 10, 11 6'. 40.5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50, 7 59. 43Widnes Cheshire Lines)-8 33, 9 15, 10 9, 11 12. 12 25, 125 335, 4 25, 5 :39. 6 12. 7 is. 7 56, 9 25. all 42 Sundays 36,5 ) 7,9 23. aOn Saturdays only. 67,1,1fitn-'348. 35, 633. 8 is, 9 31,9 52, 10 0, 11 23, 12 15 4 25. 4 54, 325, 7 5,9 0, 10 35. Sundays 2 48, 930

===== 0002601_18961121_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
m be Postl4, tra Halfpenill

iWith Batri Ha Ifpentig StaroP up to

No ex‘ra f.

10-45 a.nl.

-st., Newtoo arises jordats

i at 540 pan' L 7-30 a.m. V/

to 6 p.m. L 5 a.m., 2-1'

Ind 3-30 P.O

-,.

d with ordi" y stamp.

Extra StW

10-35 a.rz,

2-20 p.llla

'TER BOXES

--

StrNDAYS, :4-30 pan'

9-55 man' Nil. Nil. I Nil. Nil. .4-55 B.o° 10-30 a.lo'

Nil. Nil, Ni!. Nil. Nit

NI:. 110-15 &LP

cc at Berle at the 60/

By Postmet_l:,. _ 7-0 a.m.

11 30 8.01

3-15 113'

6-45 Ran'

7-0 a. 10.; Next di,/

!w7ery, iimei able cleM 404 1t.3 aleolour. astonish' [ls. PO5-

===== 0002601_18961121_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL BOOTH AT THE

===== 0002601_18961121_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR HA.T.L.

MEETING LAST NIGHT.

On Friday nigh t,the leader of the Salvation Army —Geueral±Booth—visited Warrington and addressed a crowded meeting in the Parr Hall. The chair was occupied by Mr. R. Garnett, J.P., and he was sup- ported on the platform by General Booth, Colonel Lawley (London), Colonel Taylor (London), Captain Russell (Warrington), Brigadier Howe (Liverpool), Major Scott (London), Adjutant Pepol (Liverpool), Revs. John Yonge, W. 11, Orummond, W. Potts, G. Harbottle, C. Finch, E. T. Reed; Councillors H. Roberts, J.P., William Pierpoint, J.P., Thomas Burton, Captain Rodger, Dr. T. S. Smith, Messrs. C. E. Parker, Thomas Morris, R. E. Garnett, R. G. Henshall, Isaac Hayward, R. 11. Posnett (Runcorn), Bailey, S. B. Stringer, and many others. The CHAIRMAN said he had received a number of replies to the invitations to that meeting which he had sent out. He did not intend to read those letters. He had one from Canon Willis who sympathised with every good work as they might be sure;there were also letters from the Revs. Mr. Carleton and Mr. Percival,Mr. John Crosfield, Mr. Arthur Crosfield who would have been there but for a severe attack of influenza, from Mr. Guest,Mr. Armitage,and many others,all more or less in sympathy with the glorious work in which General Booth was engaged. (Hear, hear.) There was, however' one letter which he had received that he would read. This letter was from Mr. Henry Thornton and expressed sym- pathy with che object of the meeting, and in it was en- closed a cheque ot the value of £5O to be handed over to General Booth. (Loud applause.) That letter had put him (the Chairman) in good spirits as it gave him the feeling that they had every prospect of a good meet- ing both financially and otherwise. (Hear,hear.) There was no feature of General Bloth's work that he had felt mcre deep interest in than the work in connection with the social scheme. He thought their religious com- munities had been a long time in learning that men had bodies as well as souls. The publication of General Booth': book "Darkest England" had done more than any other work published in recent years to bring the whole question of the submereed before the reading public. (Hear, hear.) There were many branches of social work in connection with that movement which he thought most commend themselves to every Christian mind. (Heat hear, and applause). General BOOTH was received with loud applause. He mentioned that that was his eighteenth heavy meeting since last Saturday night and he was sorry to say that he had slightly broken down during tne day time. He was, he said, expected to speak on the social operations of the Salvation Army, but he rather dissented from the distinction that was being made between the spiritual and the secular. They had from the beginning put their arms around men,tody and soul, and tried to bless them in every relationship and circumstance of their lives. He and these who laboured with him had seen the most marvellous transformation of character and cir- cumstances effected by the simple belief in the gospel of Jesus Christ. He did not come there in any spirit of self-glorification although a great work had been done, nor did he come in any spirit of depre- ciation of other platforms of philanthropy and Chris- tian labour, though of course he thought his organisa- tion was at the top of the tree. (Laughter and applause.) He referred to the origin of the Salvation Army thirty-one years ago, and he said that he thought its history was an encouragement to all who wanted to do something for their generation. (Hear, hear.) They began in the east of London, and had spread throughout the country into foreign countries, and he now some- times told his geographical friends that if they did not make haste he would get to the North Pole first. (Laugh- ter and applause.) In India they had hundreds of officers and they had there made a beginning with one of the most marvellous successes in missionary enterprise that the world had ever seen. (Applause.) The flag of the Army was floating in forty-five different countries and colonies and all this had been done in thirty-one years which was not a long period in the history of an ecclesiastical organisation. (Applause.) Six years ago he turned his attention to the temporal miseries of mankind. (Applause.) He went and uncovered the deeper recesses in which vice and crime were huddled together. (Applause.) The methods by which he in- tended to remove these social miseries he published in " Darkest England, and the Way Out." From that time to the present he and his people had been endeavouring to work out the plans that were described in the book. So far they had only been able to deal with the sedi- ment—the bottoms—the lower strata of society. The principles upon which they acted and the methods that they had adopted were adapted to meet the needs of all classes of society but up to the present their time had been taken up and the little money placed at their com- mand had been spent in dealing with the condition of the most wretched of the wretched. (Applause.) He then proceeded to speak of the condition of the people that were rescued by his officers, who had been called the "slum angels." There were some people who told him that he could not lift up these people. But couldn't he ? (Applause.) He had heard men say "We don't want any more blacklegs, we have enough of them. Don't bring any of these men up; we have enough." He replied to that,that they must convert the blacklegs into whitelegs. (Applause.) They must not only make them producers but make them consumers—(applause)—and if they could not find employment for them here, he would remove thew to other fields. (Applause.) Pro- ceeding to refer to the causes of the condition of these wretched people, he spoke of the iniquity of pub- lic-houses, and said they could do with sending the publicans on furlough for three or four years—(laughter) —or thy might go to Turkey fora little time. (Laugh- ter.) But there were people who did evil besides the publican. Thousands and thousands of girls, for the gratification of the appetites of men, had been pulled down from purity, integrity, and comfort, and then thrown upon the streets to bo trampled under the feet of men, and to end their days in the hospital or workhouse. (Shame.) The community ought to very seriously look into this business. Was it not time the Government did something for these women? Continuing the General spoke of the changed nature of the people who came under the charge of his officers and the great success of his system. He confessed that he oould not understand the Chris-ianity of a great many people. There was no topic in the world upon which men wriggled about so much as they did about religion. (Laughter.) If they intended to rescue the lapsed masses and cure the social evils of the present day they must go and seek them. (Applause.) That was what his officers had done, and thee passed the rescued through their " elevators" and made them useful members of so- ciety (Applause). They had had to train their men for this work. It was one thing to have money and the means to do it, and another to get the right men and women to work it. Already they had 1200 officersengaged in this work. It was intended to raise up a new army of crusaders to be called the Red Cross Brigade who would not only pick up the wounded on the battle field, but in all places where they could be found. The speaker then referred to what had already been done by this trigade amongst the Armenians, and the great blessing it had been to that distressed people. In conclusion General Booth asked for the liberal assistance of the audience. They would, he said, be no worse for it in this world and he was certain they would be better for it in the next. (Hear' hear and applause.) Colonel LAWLEY read tha following contributions which had been received :—£s from the Chairman, Mr. R. Garnett; Dr. T. S. Smith, £1; Mr. and Mrs. Wigfield, one guinea ; Mr. A. H.Crosfield, three guineas • Mr. Charles E. Parker, £lO ; and Mr. H. Thornton, £5O:

A collection was then t.iken from the audience. Votes of thanks to the Chairman proposed by General Booth and to the latter proposed by the Chairman were carried unanimously. The meeting then closed with a benediction by General Booth.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMSON'S

" GLOViS FITTING

CORSETS.

PERFECTION t ! Sold by :all prapers.

Million Pairs Annually.

D 10/6 E 8/6 F 6/6 G 5/- Black is. extra. ALL LONG-WAISTBD. Approv,d by the whole polite world.

TWELVE FiRST MEDALS.

If you- Draper cannot supply you, write direct to 112/2 FORK-KRIM, LONDON, 8.C., giving size, and enclosing P. 0.0., and the Corset will at once be sent you. W. S. THOMSeN & CO., LTD.. Manufacturers. Made it 4 Length'. 13. 14, and 151 n.

These WORLD RENOWNRD CORMS have a reputation of over 30 years. Present sales larger than ever. A good Stock always on hand at WARRINGTON...rdiss PAUL. KNUTSFORD ...WILDGOOSE. BiIDDLEWICH...Jomi DIERDEN, ;Wheelock-street NORTHWIOII ...BE EErr's. rulll4 CAUSEWAY...IODGweY.

On, nye z Mt MK A GLOVE

===== 0002601_18961121_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW REGULATION POST CARD FROM 3/9 PER 1.000.

JOHN WALKER & CO., T" HE EXAMINER' OFFICE,

LOWREY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
i _k__4 4.4 _t kAi Joilt, SAL UEDA_ NOVE 13Ell, 21 1896.

IDNET 250 PAGES TcTmeoißial iAT I:0 IANpescrOFOß TtE TUTOR. r . (Full Music Size The inn t re- 0 _POST Contains 7o Illustrations JLbeing published at Nett sent Post Free on application markable & cheap- and over zso Songs Price, it cannot be obtain td of to .. Magazine of Music," Office,est book ever published. Dances Carols. Anthem any book or musicseller under 5s 20; Ludgate Hill, London, 8.0. The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes

ROWATT'S LAMPS,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PATENTED.

INSIST ON HAVING A ROWATT'S LAMP. Our Lamps are the most Economical, Best and Easiest Managed, and can be relied upon to be perfectly safe ha use, they are strongly con- structed,andcan be purchased at prices to snit all.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
L'.. _, MARVEL '_

Made in three size-s-of 40, 70, ad 100 Candle rower.

A. high-class central draught ['Amp. Beautiful steady light.

'MATADOR' LAMP. 50 Candle Light.

111TERNATIONAL LAMP. 60 Candle Light.

' DUPLEX ' LAMP. 20 Candle Light.

Split-Wick ANUCAPNIC ' Best of chlmneyless Lamps,

' PERFECTION' A 22 Candle Power Lamp

With Patent Windguard Hood, Most perfect out-door Lamp made! ' ATLAS ' DO NOT USE ANY OTHER. A 12 Candle Power Lamp Beware of Imitations. IRetail from Ironmorgers, &c.

11.1.11 A GUINEA A.

u-tl.

/3 c TOT ALL AL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOIVIACii,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER,

ar,d FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 9,1 d., is. Id., tind 2s. 91. each, with full directions'. The is. 1.1,1. Box cc_ ',urns

6 Piq

PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEECIIMA, St. lielens, Larcaz,:hires

===== 0002601_18961121_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS-ECONOMICAL- CLEANSES Tlll4 TERTH-PERFUMES TH BREATIL

In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists:, or from the Proprietors, for 15., post-uald.

THE GREAT REMEDY.

stiAlirs GOUT PILLS

G.

if

FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Bacruoiatlng Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and Rffectusl. Sold by all Chemists at Is. lid. and 2e 9d per boa.

TUCK •Sz CO. 1231 MD.

MAN,ERSOI

INDIARUBBER AND PURE ASBESTOS GOODS, - LEATHER BELTING,

Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES

&C. GUA.RANTEED QUALITY. 42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL, LONDON, CA_B,DIFE, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN LEATHER WORKS :-- LIVERPOOL.

BREAKFAST-SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
E P P S'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

BOILING WATFR OR MILK

===== 0002601_18961121_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
'MUSTY FLAV

------17-- . 1---1:=---------- I Go NEWoI ELIEF GUARANTEED, Potter'sc_ OD Dt POTTER'S DATURA ASTHMA CURE aura ACT, IMM.DIATELv Ast:,ma AND GIVES RELI FIN ALL CASES OF ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, WHOOPING COUGH AC Cure, WRITE AT ONCE FOR FREE SAMPLE In 1 /-Tins.. TO POTTER & CLARKE. LONDON, E. OF ALL CHFMISTS A HERS.LIRTS. MENTIO, PAPER. --- FEBE TO LADIES —lnformation of priceless value, Stamped envelope ; mention paper.—Mrs. LAWRENCE. 68, Canning Chambers, South John-street, Liverpool. x _ TO LADI-ES7-JSen4 for our new list of specialities. Sent free, sealed.- CROOK AN]) Co., 7, Rushworth-street, London, N. i rFO LADIES.—Lady has valuable RECIPE of great Import- -1 ance to !adios. Stamped envelope for particulars to Mrs. E. WILbON, Elder Grove, Sheffield. x -"4- y, £5OO 111,..E..V11AT1.,.....j1 whoa rained is of little value withoat GOOD MALTH- US Shoes) who have lost, it, Weal, refrain it by Wang CHARCO LI NE the rare remedy for Dyspepsia, Elltooseese, Sick Headache, 1 Constipation, Piles, Lees of appetne,Nervouszsesl, or any of the many diseases ariains from sa torpen-,,d digestion and disordered stomach; TRY IT, you will be astonished at the result. It Corrects Acidity, Cleanses the stomach, Parties the Blood and river Tone to the System. thus re- storing health. If well an occasional do,e will aseist Nature ana keep you well. AU Chemists, prioct 2/9 a. 410, CHARCOLINE PILLS, Wes Lli end 219, or from the NOTTINGHAM DRUG COMPANY, Lowirdham, Nottingham. .40.0.44444144444.41.0444:44.40

===== 0002601_18961121_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
HEATING APPARATUS for Churches, Schools, Public Buildings,

Greenhouses, &c. CATALOGUE FREE

===== 0002601_18961121_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
J 0 N. TW 00D S AT " ••• TOUR B R IDGE, ~ ES

'The Prisons' Service Review."

MONTHLY 3e. AT ALL Boc KSTALLS, OR POST Or FclR 3/- P.O. PER A.NUM. Office : 6, Warwick Mansions, Warwick Court, Holborn, London, W.C. roe P ." is tile fficial organ of all branchcs of the Prisol,' Service. Subscribed to by the Chai:.nian of Pr ,ii otnn'isaiont-rs and ordered to be taken in HOME OFFICE. Read by: 'V ti Matrons, Prison elcrlcA, Prison Officials, M.es,strat es, Poor L ‘,w Guardians, and Philantrophists. er,?siefl in the Howard Association, Discharged Yrisoners Aid Societies. &c. nly paper of the kind in the United Kingcltra pedal= CoPY for. 4 Stamps,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Rowatt's ' Gordon ' (Patent)

Hurricane Lantern

.., v i j:Tlll,,t; i • --- , Vi, • ' 1 .• ,',;,,:, l' ,„!.k,, -0,,7.,:r....;;-:•-••;iri-1-•,•.:mt d:,,' \ • \ t , •\ ~. \iiillll/ I 1 r n , , ,nl,/i.:. 1 I ...!.-....-,.• i,,-,,,.1, ••,' ~, • , ~,.....,.....; • , /.,..‘.4 1(....,:.."".."77tir t 1 t `-_,__:_-,:__,,,_.,.'. • it, .m.., , - --- --" ..':,,,,y/ ~,,:i,itN.,...: ...,•?..:: . :01"......i.1.iiii4—.......... ,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ES FS ES ES ES ES ES

===== 0002601_18961121_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter tcr tin Miter.

LIBERALS AND IHE ARMENIAN QUESTION.

Sir,—Permit me to inform yours readers that a private conference of Liberal politicians from London arid the provinces was held on Wednesday, November 11th, at the Inns of Court Hotel, when the following resolutions were passed :—I. This meeting is of opinion that the policy of non-party agitation in relation to the Armenian Question has been a failure, and that the Question should be taken up by the Liberal Party on party lines. 2. ,This meeting recognises that the present Eastern sitnation is mainly the result of the Conservative Policy in the past ; that "Lord Salisbury, a . a Member of the Berlin Congress, is especially responsible for the existing t-'l"6 of affairs in Armenia ; and, therefore, that the, pr-lent Ministry cannot be trusted to deal with the Arc:. ,flian Question. An Executive Committee was appc,, .ed te give effect to the foregoing resolutions. It is pr0m.,..,;•,1 to organize Party Meetings throughout the country. Everyone who is willing to co-operate is in- vited to write "to us at the undermentioned address.— Your Obedient Servants, GEORGE W. F. RUSSELL (Chairman.) P. W. CLAYDEN (Secretary.) H. J. TORR (Treasurer.) 18, Wilton Street, London, S. W.

THE MARRIAGE LAWS.

Sir,—l notice another letter by Sursum Corda. He does not seem to realise that in too much argument the truth is often lost. I have never stated or thought tnat people ought not to marry or regarded as etnerwise than holy the marriage vow,but when that vow has been de- secrated it is no longer sacred,and I have argued against the injustice of the marriage laws. It a husband violates the seventh commandment and is not guilty of legal • cruelty his wife cannot obtain a divorce, but if a woman violates that commandment and is not guilty of any other misconduct her husband can obtain a divorce and he would be a fool if he did not do so. Men are not suffi- ciently punished or censured for the wrongs they do to women and to society, for sometimes when the existing laws cannot touch them their conduct iS so immoral that they ought to be banished from civilised society. We say that woman is the weaker vessel,vet for certain sins her punishment is incomparably more than man's. Women have had but little influence in making the mar- riage laws,and they are very unjust both to men and women,but as people become more enlightened and less prejudiced the influence of justice will bring about at a time Cdat is not far distant,an alb-ration in these fright- ful laws.—Yours, &c.,

===== 0002601_18961121_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
S. KENYON. [This correspondence is now closed.—Eo.]

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.

Slr,—Year by year as the cencert seacon cmes round, well-wishers of our locil Musical society ask themselves how it is that the efforts of the Society receive such very poor encouragement from the Warrington public, and many are the reasons given for this unfortunate state of affairs. In the first place, it is the opinion of very many that the prices of admission to the concerts require re- vision, that the prices asked for reserved gallery seats at the Parr Hall are too high, and that the back gallery should be thrown open to the shilling ticketholders, as well as the back of the hall on the ground floor. I feel sure that some such re-arrangement might be undertaken with advantage. Then again it is frequently stated that our proximity to Manch,'ster and Liverpool where one can attend first class concerts at very small charges (even when railway fare is taken into con ideration) Militates considerably against the success of high class concerts here. A reduction in prices at Warrington would diminish considerably the force of this argument, and the increased patronage that the Society might reasonably expect from such reduction should soon jus- tify their action. These are matters which merit the careful consideration of the Musical Society's Committee. But there is another aspect of the affair. Can we call Warrington a musical town, or are we to confess that somewhat stale humour and very indifferent vocalism is all that is required or desired by the majority of our concert-goers,and that perhaps the Musical Society would meet with a larger measure of success if they could see their was to engage a few cheap humorists to enliven (2) the oratorie performances at certain intervals ! One hardly likes to think however, that masterpieces of Han- del sr Mendelssohn have so little attraction, even when excellently interpreted by such capable performers, both vocal and instrumental, as our society possesses. Ido not, however, believe that good music is so entirely un- appreciated amongst us ; it is our all-powerful desire to get our entertainments cheap (or if possible for nothing) that gets the better of our appreciation! There are many hundreds in Warrington who could well afford to pay their 2s. and 3s. for their evening's entertainment who are too close-fisted to invest in anything more expensive than a sixpenny seat at a Saturday concert, and there afe many others, the self-appointed aristocracy of our town, who of course must occupy the best and most prominent positions who would be horrified at the idea of paying more than one shilling for such positions t I believe these are a few of the reasons why the Warring- ton Musical Society does not get that amount of patron- age it well deservee—a patronage which in many a smaller and poorer town such praiseworthy efforts would atways command.—Yours faithfully, SUBSCRIBER.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARR HAIL CONCERTS.

Again the elements were leagued against the Saturday night concert in Parr Hall. Warrington, hut notwith- standing this drawback there was a fairly large attend- ance. The programme promised beUer things than that of the week before, and the concert eventually proved a ,most entertaining one. No less than seven artistes tent( part, and they were—Soprano, Miss Lizzie Skeet ; eentralto, Miss Emilie Monk; tenor, Mr. E. Edwards ; baritone, Mr. Eaton Batty ; violinist, Mr. T. Boothroyd (Wairington) ' • accompanist, &c., Mr. W. A. ; and hamnrist, Mr. Nelson Jackson. All performed well, ,but the feur who earned the greatest distinction were Miss Skeet, Mr. Nelson Jackson, Mr. Eaton Batty, and Mr.E. Edwards. One evening last season Miss Skeet made her- self quite a favourite with her audience by the splendid service she rendered, when there were more than ()raj- dary calls upon her abilities. She was equally well liked on Saturday, and her first song "The Moorish Maid " called for an eneore. Mise Skeet responded with the comically 'pretty song" The Zuvder Zee." Her next'appearance was to interpret "The lioly City," and in the rendition of this beautiful piece the singer was heard at her 'best. As a soprano she possesses a very clear, flexible, and sweetly-toned voice which again sounded to advantage in " Killarney," the encore demanded for Miss Skeet's previous song. The tenor. Mr. Edwards, found instant favour with " The Ole Umbrella," a darkie-ditty With a swinging air; it was well sung and greatly enhanced by a chorus of male voices which blended harmoniously w;th the repeat lines. The audience exacted a repetition-of the last verse and Mr. Edwards' second song" I don't care," was of similar eitaracter and was also well received. Both by face and voice Mr. Edwards is well adapted for the sinc- ing of plantation songs, which have to be always well done to appear other than silly. The hulk of the work of entertaining fell upon the shoulders of Mr. Nelson Jackson. On four different oc- casions he kept the audience in a state of merriment,his best pieces- being "Drawing Room. Diverters." " Trifiets," and "The Crossing Sweeper." The two former were essentially humorous and eccentric, while the latter (one•of Cornet, Grain's productions) parteok more of the pathetic. It received skilled treatment from Mr. Jackson and was deservedly applauded. In" Tr-- flats," wan included a song entitled "Sandy M'Clusky," constructed as the author said to rhyme with "whuskv." There was much" whusky "in it,and with a fbag-pipe accompaniment on the piano it went down well.' Mr. Eaton Batty'e powerful baritone voice was well-suited to the Parr Hail. He first sang "The Desert," ha a vigorous and, finished manner, and afterwards gave "Comrades to Arms." Both were encored and Mr. Batty responded to the first. He is undoubtedly a very .capable singer and knows well how to use a voice of more than ordinary range. Mr. Tom BoothrOyd's. selectioux on the violin " \raise de Concert," and " Berceuse de Jocelyn." were skilfully executed. An encore was demanded for each. Mr. Boothroyd gives promise of developing into an ex- pert violinist and more than came up to expectations on Saturday evening. The two songs "My Irish Lad," and "For all Eternity." entrusted to Miss Emilie Monk, were treated with taste and skill. Miss Monk's voice, however, is not a contralto of very fine timbre, though her singing generally was good. She was called upon to bow her acknowledgments. A madrigal in which all four vocalists took part, chosen from the Mikado. was One of the most attractive items.on the prnerarnmeoand as a piece of combined harmony preyed a distinct success. Mr. Hollis accompanied efficiently throughout the even- ing.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THRITRE.

Professor E. I. Crocker with his troupe of thirty educated horses is paying a return visit to Warring- ton,and during the past week there have been crowded audiences at the Royal Court Theatre, to witness the performances of these • wonderful animals. Professor orocke7 shows the horses as scholars on the way to school, at play, fetching articles in obedience to orders. Then comes the jumping of barred gates, a brilliant tableaux, and horses shown as bellringers. "La Carous.lle " was an original act invented and produced for the first time by Professor Crocker, and was effectively executed by fifteen ponies. There is a court scene which is most laughable; a night scene in camp, and miraculous military drill. The programme is brought to a close by an al fresco battle with horses as contestants. Every item of the programme is performed in a manner which leaves nothing to be desired. The obedience of the animals to the voice of Professor Crocker gives one an insight into the capabilities of dumb animals in this direction. The programme is both pleasing and instructive. A fine string band is also in attendance, under the conductorship of Mr. W. Pond.

SAD DROWNING FATALITY AT 1

RUNCORN.

The body of Mrs. Annie Carroll, of 25 Fox-st., Run- corn, who mysteriously disappeared from her home on Thursday night last week, as reported in our last issue, was found in the Bridgewater Canal Top Locks on Fri- dar night. On Monday Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, held an in- quest on the body at the Police Station, Runcorn.—John Carroll, the husband, deposed that his wife was con- fined on the 17th ult. lie stopped at home three weeke to take care of her. On Thursday morning he started work again, and never saw his wife again alive. His wife never said anything to him to show that she was despondent. Deceased casually earns to meet him at the canal when he would be finishing his work. On Thursday when he left the house he left his mother in -charge oi deceasod.—Sarah Carroll, methez-in-law of deceased, said she had been in attendance on the de- ceased for the last month. She did not appear to be low- spirited at all. Deceased never said to her that she would take away her life. On Thursday about five o'clock the witness and deceased were having tea, when the latter wished to have an apple. Witness in order Co get an apple left the house. On her return sin found , the deceased had gone.—Dr. Robinson said he attended the deceased about the 20th September for a skin infec- tion. Ho did not see anything of her until a few days after her confinement. The last time he saw her was about 4 o'clock on Thursday, when he noticed a great alteration in her manner. She was sitting up dressed, and nearly better, but there was a marked alteration in her manner. Previously, there was nothing in her mental state to indicate the slightest frailty whatever. She seemed quite happy and cheerful.—Elenry Taylor, Batman, 20 Okell-street, said at about nine o'clock on Thursday night he left his home for his flat at Top-locks. I man gave him some boots, which he had picked up out of the water. Witness asked if he had dragged the canal and he said not. He heard of the deceased having left home the same night, and he commenced te grapple for her. He was successful in his second attempt. He gave information to the police and had the body re- moved.—P.C. Gregory said he received information from the last witness. There were no marks of violence on the body. The flats were near to the bank, and ropes were upon the tow path. She might have been tripped into the canal by these ropes.—The coroner hav- ing summed up, the jury returned a verdict of " Found drowned."

===== 0002601_18961121_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CONFERENCE OF TEACHERS Al

WIDNES.

THE EDUCATION BILL.

On Saturday afternoon a conference of teachers and others interested in education, under the auspices of the Runcorn and Widnes Teachers' Association of the National Union of Teachers, was held in St. Paul's Paro- chial Rooms, WidnEs. There was a large attendance. It was announced that Alderman Wareing, mayor of Widnes, had promised to preside, and a draft of the resolutions had been sent to him,but acting on the advice of the Town Clerk that the resolutions were of a party character, he declined to take the chair. In his absence Mr. F. Neil, chairman of the School Management Com- mittee of the School Board presided. Dr. Beach, of Macclesfield, a membe_ of the executive of the N.U.T., delivered an address en the subject of the "New Education Bill: What it ought to be and what it ought not to be." Alluding to the Mayor's refusal to preside, he said the union would not allow its organiza- tion or affairs to be prostituted for mere party or de- nominational purposes, and he urged that education ought to be outside the arena of party conflict. In any new Bill must be provided further aid for the schools, superannuation of the teachers, reasonable security of tenure for the teacher, the raising of the age limit, and the reform or utter abolition of the Science and Art De- partment. The Very Rev. Dean Finegan (Catholic) proposed a resolution urging the Government to propose such legis- lation as would give to schools working under equal conditions as to educational results equal financial sup- port from public sources. The Rev. Canon Wood seconded the proposition,saying he did so with the greater pleasure because it did not attempt to solve the difficulty which lay in the practical method of carrying out t'le resolution. He did not sup- pose that they would disagree that the money required for the highest and best education of all' classes should be provided by the-State. As to how it was to be done everybody had a different opinion. He had been more or less behind the scenes of what had been go!ng on lately, and he could assure them that the question was an excessively thorny one, and became more se every day. He trusted a solution would be found,but he was not prepared with one at that moment. An animated discussion ensiled.

Sir John Brunner, M.P., proposed as an amendment that the resolution should read, "That this meeting urges the Government to promote such legislation as shall give equal financial support from public sources to all classes rendering equal services to the public, includ- ing equal kindness to all children attending the schools." In alluding to the Mayor's objection to preside, he said he never heard of a Mayor of a borough being pledged to the resolutions submitted at a meeting because he took the chair. When a gentleman did so in his caOacity he was there as the representative of order and fair play. He (Sir John) hoped it would not be understood that in attending the meeting he pledged himself to all that might be saik (Laughter.) He recognised to the full the breadth and liberality of the remarks uttered by Dr. Beach, and he endorsed his statements that the begin- ning and end of all education should be the good of the child. His sympathies as a Nonconformist, were with the 7,000 or 8,000 parishes in this country where there was but one school,and that almost invariably a Church school. He had had his sympathies aroused for parents in such places for many years past, and Ise was glad Dr. Beach also sympathised for those in isolated villages. Recently he had- had an extremely interesting corres- pondence with the Bishop of Chester, and he was glad to announce that his Lordship had been as emphatic and clear as he could wish in the declaration that parents should have the same choice of religious teach- ing in small parishes as in larger areas. He thoroughly agreed with Dr. Beach that teachers should be more independent than they were to-day. It was necessary for the good of the community that teachers should be free from the liability of dismissal for small and insignificant reasons. The matter of tender- ness towards the religious feelings of Noneonform,sta was one very close to his heart. He gave some exam- ples of how Nonconformist children in Church schools had been treated by•clergymen, and said he had person- ally protested against,such conduct ha several instances. He certainly would meet all teachers to be treated with equal tenderness,and he prophesied that in two years to come managers of schools receiving public money, end many of them willingly, would be compelled zo give a share of the control of tho school to their neighbours. The'Rev. Gibeoß Smith,rector of Halewood, seconded the amendment, saying indiscriminate kindness should be shown to children. Dean Finegan and Canon Wood accepted the amend ment.

The Rev. E. Austin (Congregationalist) said if there was equal aid given to Denominational and Roard schools there ought to be equal privileges and control, and he opposad the motion.

The Re;‘;. T. Brackenbury— proposed to amend the reso- lution by adding the words and shall be equally under local and public control.". _ _ _

- This was seconded, and defeated by a large majority, the amended resolution being passed. Mr. Dodd proposed a resobition condemning any prn- posal to resuscitate Clause 27 of the late Education as being calculated to arouse heated controversy with- out affording a satisfactory solution of the religious difficulty: On the suggestion of the Rev. Wright Williams, vicar of Farnworth, the resolution was amended by leaving out the latter portion, and passed. The following resolution was unanimously adoptPd:— " That, oonsidgring the pressure of foreign competition, this meeting deplores any atte-npt to confine educational expendit;ure.within arbitrary limits, and furtlAr asserts that the cost of education should be decided by the benefit resulting to the child and the nation at large."

===== 0002601_18961121_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LOO4 HOCKEY,!oIiTCHES. , ~, •

FLIXTON V -Pam—Played at Plfxton. Both teams were well represented. In the first half the home team pressed throughout. , Horton and, Cooke each put the ball into the netoout.the referee ruled both off side. half time, arrived vritkthe Score nil. In the s,•eond half the visitprs played LIP better and acrd. They again put the ball through, but it was rulPd no goal, Beck giv- ing stick when shooting. Flixtpn then pressed, and Horton scored froth a pass from centre. Time arrived with the score one each.

PRNDLITON v. STnOSTON HRAMIL—Played at Barr Hill. in we, weather. The ground was In splendid condition considding the recent heavy rains: From the, opening bully the visitors got away, but the home team trans- ferred operations to the other end and pressed hard for some minutes. but were unable to score. The Stockton Heath ferwa,rds broke away splendidly, and scored a goal from the stick of birkconnell. Each end was visited in turn, and shortly before half-time C. Wroe scored with a high shot for Pendleton. Half-time score: One goal each. On resuming fine wmbined play by Partinfizton and W. Hudson resulted in the former scoring for Pend- leton. The visitors played up well, and got the hall down the field several times but the home defence was too good. After good passing by the whole of the Pend- leton forwaris Ashton scored with a fine shot at a diffi- cult angle. Shortly before time was called Harron scored with a shot that gave the visitors' goalkeeper no chance, the match resulting in a victory for the home team by four goals to one. In.spite of the wet it was an exceed- ingly fast and open game. The visitors' goalkeeper played finely, while on the Pendleton side Johnson, Dux- bury, Ashton, Partingten, and W. Hudson were perhaps the pick. It may be added that the home team played two substitutes.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1896

WARRINGTON COUNTY GU RT.

THIIRSDAY.—Before His Honour Judge Wynne Foulkes. A DISPETID SIGNATURH.—STRANGE CASH.—Mesers. Walton and Co., of Newton, claimed £ll 19s. ad. for goods alleged to have been delivered to Mr. Jae,ob Brookes, plumber, Farnworth, near Bolton.—The latter denied all knowledge of the affair.—The plaintiffs were represented by Mr. R. -Carruthers, Liverpool, and the defendants by Mr. J. P. Monks, Bolton.—Mr. H. Kirk, a traveller in the employ of Messrs. Walton., said he saw the defendant during the Wakes-week at Farnworth in a public-house on the 27th September.—lily Mr. Menks : No one was in the room when the order was transacted. It was not his way of doing business.—Mr. Monks said his client knew nothing whatever about it. He never saw Kirk laefore and they disputed the signature on the order. He also pointed out that the 27th of Srpterrfber was a Sunday and therefore Kirk could not have busi- ness with Mr. Brookes then. The man Kirk did not know the name of the public-house at which he received the order, or the name of the street.—Henry Brookes, son of defendant, on being handed the order book with his father's name appended denied that it was his father's signature.—Jacob Brookes, the defendant, said he never saw the man Kirk or Mr. Walton before. He was not in any public-house on the day stated. fle never ordered any goods from Kirk on that or any other day. It was not his signature on the order book.-- By Mr. Carruthers: He remembered the Farnworth Wakes. He was sure that he was not in any hotel during the time. He had hewer seen Mr. Kirk before until that day. He never remembered having aelY transactions before with plaintiffs.—At this point his Honour scrutinised Mr. Brookes' cheque-book and the plaintiff's order-book.—Mr.Carruthers, for the plaintiffs, said the main question was whether that was the signa- ture of the defendant or not. After having examined the signatures he found some similarity between the two.—His Honour said there was only a similarity in the two signatures between the two " b's." He would give judgment for the defendant. It was a serious ease, aid the parties who represented the defendant might well consider if they liked to take further proceedings. He looked upon it as a very serious case. *TRH CLAIM FOR DAMAGES FOR A DOG-BlTE.—This ease was an adjourned one from the previous Court day, in which the plaintiff Michael Flaherty, Corporation labourer, 29 Scott-st., claimed £l5 damages from Joseph Pemberton, 63 Dallam-lane, for the bite of a dog belong- ing to the latter.—Mr. Browne again appeared fer Plain- tiff and Mr. Davies for defendant.—Complainant recalled, deposed t o seeing Mrs. Pemberton:at her house and tell- ing her he was goine off work. She said he could not get anything by going off work as the wound *as only a bit of a scratch.—Mr. Davies: Was the skin broken? —Complainant: Yes air, it was bleeding.—John Galvin, Friar's Green, Warrington, labourer, formerly in the employ of the Corporation as scavenger, said while working in June he was bitten by a dog in Owen- street, which he followed into Pernberton's yard. It was a sheep dog. He showed Mrs. Pemberton his leg and afterwards had it burnt eut.—Joseph 0 wen, foreman of the paihnen, said he remembered seeing Galvin, who complained to him and showed him a dog-bite in the calf ef his leg. It was about midsummer and the bite seemed a bad one.—Robert Cook, 49, Bostock-street,also remembered Galvin being bitten. About three weeks after, witness had his trousers torn by a bite from Pem- berton's dog.—Joseph Pemberton, the defendant, 63, Dallam-lane, said he formerly lived in 0 wen- street, and kept a black and tan collie dog. He destroyed it by an ozder from the Chief Constable. P.C. Evans, saw him drown it. He had not destroyed it because it had bitten other per- sons besides Flaherty. He had never heard of it biting or attacking anyone. He never heard of it biting Galvin.—ln answer to Mr. Davies: He had told Flaherty when he saw him that it was a harmless dog. He had six children living at home.—Mrs. Penaberton, wife of defendant, denied that Galvin was bitten. The dog only jumped up at him. She did not know Cook. Galvin never showed her his leg. Witness offered to pay Flaherty's expenses when be was bitten.—Mr. Davies for the defence contended that he had no case to answer as there was no evidence to show that his client, the owner of the dog, was aware that it had bitten anyone before or that it was savage. There hall been no attempt by Mr. Browne to prove that defend- ant had a knowledge of the dog's vicious- ness. Defendant declared that he never heard of the doe biting or attempting to bite anyone before. —His Honour considered the point and said that the complaint was made to Mrs. Pemberton but there was no evidence to show that she was requested to tell her hnsband of it. The husband said his wife never informed him of it and the evidence of thelplaintiff, showed that there was no request for her to tell her husband. He was afraid he could not Fee that there was any evidence to show that defendant was aware that the dog had bitten anybody before the plaintiff and the case must fail. The evidence was weak with regard to any in- formation being conveyed to the owner of the dog. His Honour regretted very much that the law was net altered in this respect. He saw no hardship in the owner of a dog being called upon to pay damages fcr his dog having bitten someone. He thought it would be better is some public body would take the matter up and endeavour to get the law altered. As it was he must non-suit the plaintiff and allow defendant his costs. A CANCELLED ORDRIL—This was a case brought by Messrs. Walton and Co., of Newton, for £6 51. 11d, for goods alleged to have been ordered and delivered to Mrs. Ada Wilson, of the Sefton Hotel, Cases'-street,Liverpool. Mr. R. Carruthers, Liverpool, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. A. Browne, for the defendant.—Eienry Kirk said he was a traveller for Messrs. Walton and Company.and took the order from Mrs. Wilson for a supply of glass. Ultimately thp order was cancelled. Then be was informed that the goods could be sent on.—By Mr. Browne: He received no wages, but worked on com- mission. He took the order from Mrs. Wilson personally and put it in tne order book. It was in March of the present year that he got the order.—Mr. Walton, plain- tiff, said he was not aware that the order was cancelled. The goods were sent on, and were now lying at the station.—Mr. Browne, for the defendant, said his client kept an hotel in Cases-street, Liverpool, and Kirk went into the house on March last. She was having some alterations done to the house, and he asked her for an order. Seeing that his prices were fair she ordered a quantity of glassware, on the condition that the goods arrived at the end of the week. That was part and parcel of the contract, and was admitted ley Kirk, knowing that the detendant was short of the articles. The fact was that the glass never turned up at the time they were ordered for. The defendant disputed hav- ing given such a big order. The order she gave amounted to about £2 14s.—The defendant, Mrs. Ada Wilson, said she kept the Sefton Hotel, Cases-street, Liverpool. She remembered giving the order on March sth last. She gave evidence as to the quantity ordered. The order did not arrive when Kirk said it would do. The order amounted to about £2 10s. to £2 14s. She had never spoken to Kirk about the order, since. She never can- celed the order, but she considered it was cancelled when Kirk did not send the goods on to time.—His Honour gave judgment for the defendant.

1.0.G.T. TEMPERANCE MISSION LODGE (1321). The usual weekly session of this Louge was held in the Mission Room, Academy-St on Wednesday. After the usual business was gone through, the various officers' reports were read and adopted, and the following officers were elected and installed ; C. T. Bro. Tomlin; V. T. Sis. Nurse ; Sec, Bro. Roberts; treas. Bro. Hall ; KS. Bro. C. Sheath. chaplain, Sic. Forshaw ; guard, Sis, E. Tomlin; sentinel, Bro. Nurse; Mar. Rro. Heywood, D. M.; Sic. M. A. Dudley; P. C. T, Bro Sullivan; Committees; sick, Bro an 4 Sis. Nurse; visiting, Bros. Mortimore and Heywood. Si 9. Forshaw and M. Tomlin; finance,

Bros. Nfantle,ifortimore a-ud-O'iltien, _

, THE COMING OF AGE OF Mn. C. G. HUTCHINGS.

A dinner was given by Mr. C. Hutchings to the employ 43 of the daydock-street Tanning Company and their wives at the Old Hall, Winwick-at., on Saturday evening, to commemorate the coming of age of his son,Nlr. Charles Graham Hutchings. The workmen, it will be remembered,presented a taste- ful timepiece to Mr. C. G. Hutchings on his coming of age. The dinner was served in good style by Mrs. White.of the Old Ball. After dinner a smok- ing concert was held,and was presided over by Mr. Whitelegg,manager of the Haydock-street Tanning Company. Mr. Whitelegg proposed the health of the Queen and spoke of her Majesty's record reign. Some of them, he said, could not look back the whole length of that long reign,but they continued to feel the direct benefits as subjects of a beloved sovereign. (Applause.) The toast was accorded musical honours, all the company standing. Ma VVhitelegge proposed the health of Mr. Charles Hutchings, and coupled with it the name of Mrs. Hutchings. This toast was also received with musical honours. Mr.T. Booth proposed the health of Mr. G. C. hutehings, and Mr. Whitelegge in re- sponding on behalf of Mr. Hutchings read a latter which he had received from him, in which he wished the company to thoroughly enjoy them- s,lves. When the dinner was proceeding a tele- gram was read from Mr. G. C. Hutchings, in which he said" Best wishes. Eat, drink and be merry." A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. and Mrs. White and to those who had assisted in providing such an excellent repast. During the evening Mr. Kilduff, comedian, of Manchester, sang " Delanev's Chick Pus," " The Country Concert," "Juvenile Party," and other character songs. Mr. T. Shake- shaft pleased the company with "Morn work for the Undertaker." Mr. Bate in the comic song "For Me," and Mr.Dennett in the " Yeoman's Wedding " were warmly applauded. Mr. Thomas Dennett, of .tit. Helens, ably accompanied the different vocal numbers upon the piano.

T e first plough !was a forked limb, drawn through the ground by animal power. In Southern Europe the branches of the elm were preferred because of their superior hardness..

===== 0002601_18961121_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN A_ND NEWTON.

SUCCESS OF A LOCAL POULTRY FARMER.

Mr. A. Widd, of Earlestown, who has lately been successful on several occasions at various exhibi- tions of poultry, has succeeded this week in carry- ing off the first prize at the Great National Poultry Show held at the Crystal Palace, London, for brown Leghorns. There were 139 entries, covering the whole ot tho United Kingdom, and Mr. Widd has succeeded in bringing this premier prize to Lanca- shire for the first time in the history of the show.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO A FOOTBALL PLAYER.

On Saturday afternoon during the progress of the match between v,arlestown and Ashton-in-Maker- field on the Earlestown ground one of the Ashton forwards named Thomas Smith met with a serious injury by colliding with the goal post. He in- tended charging the goalkeeper, but, instead, came into violent contact with the goal post, cutting his head and fallincr to the ground. He was car- ried into the pavilion in an unconscious condition, and after receiving "first aid," was removed home. On enquiry last night we learn that he has been in a serious condition, but is now improving.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS 07 TEMPERA:4.CE.

In connection with the weekly meeting of the Cadets of Temperance, an entertainment was given in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown. Bro. W. Wheatley presided, and recitations were given by Miss Ashcroft, St. Helens; Miss Abbott, Mr. J. Unsworth, Mr. W.Briscoe ; reading by Mr.O.Pickett. Short addresses were given by Bro. J. Judson and Mr. A. Chalmers, Haydock. One new member was initiated. Presentations of books for competition in spelling were made to A. Smith, James Peckettt, and to Edward Edwards for scripture competition. A vote of thanks was accorded the Haydock and St. Helens members for their services. The adult division met at nine o'clock, but nothing of impor- tance transpired with the exception of a discussion on the rules relating to sick members. One new member was proposed. BENEFIT CONCERT AT EARLESTOWN.

On Thursday evening a benefit concert in aid of a blind man. Emmanuel Hughes, was given in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom. The room was crowded and the concert was a decided success, all of the artistes acquitting themselves in a very creditable manner. The programme was a lengthy onesand the following gave their services :—Messrs. Clare,Kidd, 0. Edwards, Mather, and J. Sudworth ; Misses 0. Clare. Higgins, Holliday,Mather, and Mrs. Kidd. Haydn's Toy Symphony was also given, un- der the conductorship of Mr. Clare, and was well received,the following being the composition of the band ;--First violins, Messrs. F. Mather and H. Teece ; second violins, Messrs. James Sudworth and R. Barr; 'cello, Mr. G. Birks ; bass, Mr. Warden ; cuckoo,Mr. G. W. Kidd; nightingale, Mr. J. It. Barr; rattle, Mr. Goslin ; bells, Miss K. Alderson and Minnie Barr; horn, Mrs. Kidd: trumpet. Mr. 0. Edwards ; trombone, Mr. F. P. Clara; flageolets, Messrs. E. Goslin and Joseph Sudworth ; drum, Master Seddon ; piano, Miss E. L. Greenall. GOOD TEMPLAR&

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templar, was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. W. Wilson, C.T. presided and there was a large attendance of mem- bers. The digest of business for the District Lodge Session to be held at St. Helens, was read by the secretary and representatives instructed. The report of the entertainment held on Saturday week, was read by the Secretary, and adopted. Sister H. Hill,was present,and reported on her Good Templar experiences in Stafford, which were oi an interest- ing character. A unanimous vote of condolence and sympathy with Sister Caldwell, who had recently lost her mother by death, was passed. The report of the No. 1 Convention, quarterly session, held at Earlestown on Satur-. day was given by Bro. E. Newman, C.S and adopted. The programme of the evening was "Topical Temperance talks; wines, their history and mystery," Bro. E. Newman being conductor. The session was a most interesting one, and closed in the usual way, MASONfO INSTALLATION AT NEWTON.

The Makerfield Lodge No. 2155 of Freemasons celebrated the festival of St. John and the installa- tion of Bro. C. E. Arnott as W.M. at the lodge rooms, Pied Bull Hotel, Newton, on Tuesday. Amongst those present were Bros. W. H. Arnott, P.P.J.G., W. E. L. Bent, P.M., P. Garton, P.M., T. Ormand, •, and amongst the visiting brethren were—Bro. W. Goodwood, P.G.S.B. and P.G.S.; G. Duxfield, 613, P.M.; Prov. G. Reg, James Dickinson, 1344, P.M. ; 'l. W. Traverse 1354. I.P.M. ; E. F. Pruchan, 935, P.M.; R. H. Pearson, 148. W.M.; J. W. Bennett, 1354, W.M. ; W. Ashbury, 2294, S.D.; T. J. Lloyd, 148, J.D.; H. W. Jackson, T. Roby Fay, and C. Scott. The installing master was Bro. E. Fairclough, and he was assisted in the ceremony by Bro. W. H. Arnott, P.P.J.G.W., and Bro.H.Stones as D.C. The W. M. Bro. C. E. Arnott, having been duly installed he proceeded to invest his officers for the ensuing year as follows :—Bro. E. Fairclough, J.P.M. ; C. H. Bodmer, S.W. ;C. S. Bennie, J.W. • J. Singleton, Treasurer; J Gooding, Secretary; J. Sankey, S.D. ' • J. G. C. Starkie, J.D.; H. Stones, P.M, &c., D.C. ; J. Prescott, Organist; J. Dobb, J.G. • W. F. Arnott, A. W. Anderton, B. Corlett, T. Graham, Stewards; and J. H. Galloway, P.M. Tyler. On behalf of the lodge Bro. E. Fairclough, J.P.M., was presented with a beautiful P.M. jewel. After the I ceremony the brethren adjourned for the usual bahquet which was excellently served by the host, Mr. J. Dormer. After the meal the usual loyal and Masenic toasts were proposed from the chair and duly honoured, the "Masonic Charities" being pro- posed by Bro. W. H. Arnott and responded to by Bro. Duxtleld, Reg. The musical portion of the evening was undertaken by Bros. Caunce, Corlett, Lane, and Fay. 900 D TEMPLAR CONVENTION AT EARLESTOWN.

The quarterly session of the No. 1 Convention, South West Lancashire, was held on Saturday after- noon in the Cl-operative Hall, Earlestown. Bro. John Tayior, C.C.T., presided, and there was a good attendance of representatives and visitors from Wigan, Warrington, Leigh, Widnes, Ashton, St. Helens and Hindley. The reports of the officers showed that the lodges throughout the area were actively engaged in mission work, especially where the G.C.T. Bro. Josaph Malies had visited. The new lodge at Wigan was reported progressing, having now a good membership. Bro. Newman, C.S., in his report stated that in August tbey had 394 mem- bers and 11 lodges, and the returns for November showad that they had 418 members. The Wigan lodge was duly affiliated with the convention. It was decided that the next session be held at Wigan the second Saturday in December, and that kindred Societies be invited to be present, The C.S.J.T Bro. Smith, of St. Helens, having tendered his resigna- tion, it was accepted, and Bro. Q.I. Serg. Roberts, of Warrington, was elected to offico. At intervals during the session vocal selections were given by Sisters Sirett, Baxter, Woods, and Bro. J. Taylor, Mr. Banton presiding at the piano. Bro. Rev. D. Parry, P.G.L., of Tasmania, was duly received with honours,the rev, gentleman having just returned to England. He gave an interesting account of Good Templary in foreign lands. A vote of thanks to members of the Ebenezer lodge for their arrange- ments, was accorded, and this closed the session. A good number afterwards partook of a substantial tea, and in the evening,an entertainment was given, Bro. J. Woods presiding. A very good programme of songs, recitations and instrumental items was given by Messrs. F. P. Clare, J. Freeman,J. Higham, ,A.' Ashley, J. Howard, J. Appleton and Hopkins, Misses A. Vince, Urquhart, Nurse, Sirett and Appleton. EiR.LBSTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

The 144th quarterly meeting of this Society was held at the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening. Mr. D. Forster presided, and there was a large at- tendance of members. In the report and statement of accounts the Committee said, in placing before the members the statement of accounts for the quarter ending October 13th, 1896, they had plea- sure in again recording a healthy increase in trade. The cash receipts for goods sold were £4,351 Bs. id., being an increase on last quarter of £l5B 13s. 33-11., and compared with the corresponding period of last year showed an increase of £4ll 144. Id. The net profits available for dividend on purchases were £682 9s. Hid. which it was proposed to distribute as follows—to pay a dividend of 24. 101. in the X to members, which would require £638 84. 51 and is. 54. in the £ to non-members, which would ,require 19s. lid., leaving a balance of £33 24. 51. to carry to the dividend reserve fund, and £lO to the contingent fund. Dnring the quarter 27 new mem- bers had been admitted, and 10 struck off, leaving 987 on the books, 686 of whom had brought in checks. The balance sheet wag adopted. The ap- pointment of Mr. Thomas Howarth of Stockport, as secretary and cashier, was confirmed by the meet- ing. Messrs. P. Parr and G. J. Mullins were re- elected to the Management Committee, and Mr, D. Forrester was nominated for the office of President. Authority was given the Committee for the invest- ment of £l,OOO of surplus capital, upon mortgage advances to members in sums not exceeding £3OO. This was all the business, the meeting having been of a most harmonious character.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOG.

WALKING INTO THE CANAL AT RUNCORN.

I narrow escape from drowning occurred near Run- corn on Tuesday morning. A heavy fog' prevailed on the morning in question,when Mr.Thornas West,of Summer- lane, Halt,en. was proceeding to his work at Messrs. Roynolds' Tannery, Astmoor Bridge, Halton, along the Bridgewater Canal, and when nearing the works he walked into the water,so intense was the fog that he was unable to see his way. The mae's cries attracted a num- ber of his work mates,who, after some difficulty get the man out. He was at once attended to and conveyed home. He is in a precarious condition. Mr. West had only just recovered from a very serious illness, and it was the first time he had been out to his work since his illness. The unfortunate man is a cripple, and his fall might have proved fatal had it happened on any other part of the canal, as many people would probably not be about at such an aarly hour-5-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CANAL TRAFFIC.

The fog at Runcorn on Monday night and Tuesday morning was of such extreme density that the traffic on the river Mersey and the Shi.p. Canal had to be tem- porarily suspended. Later in the day when the mist h d disappeared boats loadel with machißery, china clay, kc., soon made their appearance in the port. By Wed- nesday morning a large number had arrived and an- chored in or about the Runcorn district.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.

FOREIGN MISSIONARY ANNIVERSARY.

This anniversary in connection with Wycliffe Congre- gational Church and Sunday school was held on Sunday and Tuesday evening. The service in the church on Sunday morning was conducted by the Rev. John Tonge, and in the afternoon an address to scholars and friends was delivered by Mrs. Thomson, returned mite. sionary from Matabeleland. South Africa. After a few introductory remarks by Mr. George Wallington, the superintendent of the school, Mrs. Thomson proceeded to give her address. She described the journey through South Africa to Matabeleland when she first went out, 28 years ego. There were then, she said, no railways in South Africa, and they were obliged to travel in a Cape waggon,which was drawn by oxen. The speaker ex- plained the customs of the people, and alluded to their king—Lobengula. No one was allowed to stand in the presence of the king, and even his own children had to crawl on their hands and knees to him. The Matabele were a brave peeple, and if the king told one of them to go out and obtain the akin of a lion which was devour- ing the cattle he would never came back without it. She (the speaker) was glad to see so many boys and girls present, and she thanked them all for the kind and at- , tentive manner in which they had listened to her. Mrs. I Thomson also spoke in the evening, and gave a general account of the work done by missionaries in South , Africa, referring especially to work in Matabeleland. She said they had only to live amongst the Matabele— who were the warriors—to find that they had hearts like we had, and that they could be touched just 1 as we in England could be. We were too anxious to count the heads of those converted. A few years after new mission stations had been opened out the question was asked," How may converts ?" But we overlooked the great difficulties to be faced. The people were in a state of unpreparedness for the gospel, and years of work were necessary to instruct them. But the missionary's efforts were certainly meeting with suc- cess in South Africa, and if the Leaden Missionary Society had done nothing more than christianize Khama it had done a great deal. A missionary meeting was held in Wycliffe Church on Tuesday evening. The Rev. John Yonge presided, and , referred to the financ;al position of the London Mission- ary Society. He said it was very interesting to know that at the commencement of the second century of the London Missionary Society, the directors had received a larger sum than ever before. The total receipts were £180.900. The home contributions for 1895-6 amounted to £l23,ooo,against £lll,OOO in the previous year. They would see that there was a very substantial increase in I the home contributione, but the greater portion of the increase was due to the larger number of legacies which were made to the Society. With regard to the Centenary fund,the total amount promised was £102,000, and the sum of £BB,OOO had already been received. £42,500 was used to pay off a deficit ; £25,000 had been spent on now mission buildings,and £30,000 had been transferred to the capital account for future years. The contribu- tions to the Society from that church were £293 7s. 4d. for the Centenary fund,and £66 Is. 2d. for the ordinary funds. Referring to the presence of Mr. Bacon of Goety, India, he said many would remember that their brother and friend, Arthur Dignune, laboured in the same dis- trict for some years. Mrs. J. B. Tnomsoer thee addressed the meeting. She referred to the difficulties of missionaries in Matabele- land and to the lives the women lead. She believed that , by the introduction of railways which would penetrate into Central Africa, slavery would be stopped. The Rev. J. R. BACON, from Gooty, India, said it was his pleasure to work in the same mission at Gooty with Mr. Dignum, of Warrington, referred to by the Chair- man. He would put before them the glory of the work of Britain in that vast empire India. He did not believe the English people recognized in any worthy sense the greatness of the glory that rested upon them in having that vast empire within their grasp, responding as it did to the intellectual, the social, and the religious stimulus of our country. India in no sense was to he compared with Africa. From the glistening suns of the Himalay- as, down to the burning plains of Southern India. there was a seething mass of population, industrious, quick to learn, able to reproduce articles in various arts—they were a people who had figured more in history than other nations. Very few of them there would recognise the greatness of the work that was being done by the bandful of English missionaries. The Englishman was always trosted. They did not like to see the red coat of the soldier in Central India because he brought with him vice and love of drink. Though "Tommy Atkins" was a very fine character he might be abetter representative of his great nation. Millions of Hindoos spoke the Eng- lish language. He referred to the great Congress in Madias, at which there were present over 800 people, delegated by men in every part of India to represent every community and discuss the queOions that inter- ested the flindu and the great social difficulties. In In- dia they had a splendid postal service, letters having a halfpenny stamp being carried through the whole of In- dia. There were farthing postcards and inexpensive telegrams. an elaborate parcel post, and numerous other things. Speaking of the progress of Christianity in In- dia, he pointed out that during the past twenty years the number of Christians had trebled. In his own die- trict, when he went in 1878 there were four thousand Christians, now there were 15,000. The greatest num- ber of converts was being made upon the poor classes. In conclusion, he spoke of the great Christian teachers, and said it devolved upon the British people, more than anyone else to supply the need.

A collection was taken n behalf of the funds of the London Missionary Society. A vote of thanks having been passed, the meeting terminated with the Mining of the Doxology.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

CRICKET CLUB ANNUAL DINNEn.—The annual dinner in connection with this club was held on Friday evenibg at the Prospect Hotel, Weston. when a goodly company sat down to the excellent repast provided and ably served by Mr. and Mrs. YAP. Mr. J. J. Speakman was voted to the chair, and among those present were— Messrs. James Collier, Tatters, James Tudor, D. Somer- ville, J. E. C. Banks, R. Nesbitt, G. Dodd, D. Kirkham, J. Fraser, J. Ball, S. Lloyd, S. Aspev, H. Pendleourv, J. Mather, J. Mort, G. Garner, R. Kinsley, W. Tweddell, and W. Mitcheson. After dinner a number of toasts were proposedand duly honoured./ Doring the evening a number of songs were rendered by Messrs. J. E. Tudor, W. Hope, T. Lloyd, Albert Tud r, R. Kinsley, G. Fythe, J.Ball, and C. Pendlebury. Mr. Holt played the accom- paniments. The proceedings throughout were very enjoyable. SUDDEN Dskra.—The Runcorn police have received information of the death of Edward Duncalf, 79 years of age, which took place at the hou.e of his daughter, Heath-road. Weston, on Tuesday mornine%under the fol- lowing circumstances. Deceased had suffered from a weak heart for many rears, and had only just recovered from an attack the previous day. On Tuesday moroi ng the deceased went upstairs to do some repairs to a clock. After about half-an-hour a loud noise—as of someone falling—was heard in another part of the house. His daughter went into the room and found her father lying on the room floor in difficulties. He expired almost im- mediately without uttering a word.

===== 0002601_18961121_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTO HEATH.

SINGULAR INCIDENT AT A Fox HUNT. 0n Saturday the North Cheshire hounds were out foxhunting in and around the Appleton district. In disturbing the foxes from the covers they disturbed other game. A couple of pheasants in their flight struck against the telegraph wires, and were killed and picked up by the spectators, whilst another flew into the village of Stocktoo Heath. This pheasant in its flight flew through a closed window of an empty house belonging to Mr. Hooley, grocer, of course smashing the glass. Some boys observing this entered the house, when the pheasant, alarmed at the entrance of the boys, forced its way up a chimney, and in that way escaped from the house, but leaving a few feathers behind as an evidence of its struggle through the chimney. When last seen it was making the best of its way back to the cover.

Various decorations and promotions in connection with the Dongola expedition aro announced. Sir Herbert Kitchener becomes a K.C.B. and half a-dezen other officers are made C.B.'s. WFSLEYS HYMNS, Sankey's Songs, Bibles, Prayer Books. and Stationery in great Variety at JOHN S. GREEN'S, 34, Bridge-st. & 23, Butterroorket-st., Warring ton .—Advt.

NOTES ON GAMES AND

===== 0002601_18961121_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

RIIGIBY FOOTBALL.

At lasr Warrington have olayed an away match and returned with the satisfaction of having staved off de- feat. The fixture last Saturday was with St. Helens at St. Helens, and as the latter team has been doing about as well as Warrington has the reverse it was not ex- pected that the visitors would " break their duck." This anticipation was strengthened by the absence from the Warrington ranks of five players including " Smack " Bate (the captain), and " Fair" Barber. Substitutes were tound in Higginbottom, half-back, and Radford, threequarter. Notwithstanding these adverse conditions the visitors prevented their opponents registering a score and the match ended in a paintloss draw, the first undecided game Warrington have engaged in this sea& 13.

If ever two teams were evenly matched St.Helens and Warrington were on Saturday. All through the game neither side could claim any advantage over the other, and if Warrington had hard lines, St. Helens were sure to be just baulked of a score the next minute. The weather was decidedly against good football and very few passing movements were witnessed. Generally speaking, the game was kick and rush,finding plenty of work for the forwards. Durine. the first few minutes the St. Helens forwards made some very threatening movements by those dribbling tactics which they are famous for. There was scarcely any checking them and the visitors soon saw the utility of such play and replied in similar fashion. Occasionally the game resembled one under the 4ssociation code so long was the ball among the feet of the players.

The smartness of the two Warrington half backs, Houghton and Higginbottom, saved the team from de- feat more than anything else. They generally got the ball and made good use of it. Judicious kicking caused tlae Saints to defend frequently. Cross and O'Hara, the St. Helens couple,were bottled up,and had little opportunity of setting the threequarters going. They made no mis takes,but wore tackled so quickly that they were almost powerless at times. None of the home three- quarters shone brilliantly, though Traynor and Archer were about the best. Doherty was often at fault, while Jacques had little to do. Foulkes played a very steady game as full-back, but the most useful man of the team was Briers, the county for- ward. This player came through the packs at a speed which carried him well up the field before he could be stopped, and he is most useful in heading a dribble. Among the Warrington forwards, Taylor and Thornton were the best. Footwork suited them on Saturday, and they were as prominent as Briers was on the other side. Lawless and Moores were the pick of the threequarter line, and both played a dashing game. Moores was par- ticularly dexterous in snapping up passes meant for Traynor, and on three occasions he got away speedily by it. His following up and kicking were also very useful. Lawless put in several lengthy runs and once more saved a certain try right on the line. For the last three or four matches he has prevented some wide-awake opponent improving his scoring average. Cross (Warrington) played moderately well, while Radford was of little use. Eleesem came out strongly on two or three occasions by the plucky eaves he made. More than once the game depended on his safety.

Now that they have played away from horn. and secured a point Warrington should redouble their efforts and initiate another!series of victories. They have it in them, with ordinary luck.

To-day's match has been eagerly looked forward to for the last three weeks. Widnes made a mess of Warring- ton on their own ground and the wirepullers are dying to wipe out the stigma at Wilderspool this afternoon. Since the first meeting of the clubs this season, Widnes have upheld their reputation for winning and losing alternately. If they are going to be consistent they should certainly lose here for they obtained two points out of Morecambe a week ago. The result of a game between these two teams is always an uncertainty, so keen is local rivalry.

By the appended league table of results it will be seen that Warrington are not maintaining their improved form, but gradually sinking towards the bottom again. Only four clubs are now below them, and may any week obtain the lead. Just three points separate War- rington from the tail end.

Oldham have at last outrun Stockport, and reached the top of the list. With a record of nine games played and nine w,n they have ineieed a record to be proud of. Their scoring powers are as great as ever, for they have no less than 115 points for and 12 against.

Many footballers think that Stockport have got to come down in the world. They have been fortunate se far in playing a majority of hotne matches, and in some of these luck has turned the scale.

Wretched weather prevailed on Sxturdav at Manchs- ter, when the engagement between Runcorn and Brough- ton Rangers wag decided. It is hoped that the weather at home this week end will be of a somewhat milder character, as the encounter between the cupholders,and their county brothers, is a very important one. Runcorn are six points behind the Stockport fifteen.

The game last week ended in the Runeornians being the victors after a hard battle. When the half-time message viz., Broughton Rangers a try, Runcorn nil, landed in Runcorn, it was thought by many that. the cuphelders would have to knuckle down to such a corn- bination. as shown by the Manchester team in previous matches. This was not so,as the visitors:after changing ends put some power in their play,and appeared to be as fresh as ever. J. Faulkner did good work by his clever dribbling. A magnificent bout of passing so successfully carried to the homesters goal line was performed in grand style hut with no rpsult by G. Robinson, J. Faulkner, Richardson,and Butterworth. The homestere had now a very anxious time of it,Run- corn being in closo proximity to their goal line almost the whole of the rest of the gams. Houghton had not much to perform, but what little he had he did splen- didly. J. Faulkner then earned himself fame by dropp- ing a goal and soon after adding a try to the Runcorn score. Like Butterworth in a previous match he was the hero of the day.

The homesters', weight was met by science and the result may be looked upon as one more trumph of mind over matter.

Up to last Saturday the results in the Lancashire section of the League are as follows :- -For- -Against- P.W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Oldham Stockport - 79... 1 5-20 ...17 Broughton R'ng'slo... 5 ... 1...4... 5 14- 64... 2 3-17 _l4 St. Helens - 48... 6 4-39 ...12 Runcorn - 42... 3 2-20 -11 Widnes ll.. 5 5...1... 8 5- 61... 9 13-80 -.11 Tyldeeley 10.. 4 5..1 6 12- 64... 7 6-49 ... 9 Rochdale H'rnetslo... 4 ... 5...1... 8 9- 62... 3 13-51 ... 9 Leigh lO.. 4 . 6..0 . 7 3-- 35... 9 15-87 ... 8 Warrington 10.. 3 6.1.. 4 8- 40...11 976 ... 7 Wigan 9. 3 5..1.. 4 5- 29... 7 752 ... 7 Swinton ll.. 1 6..4.. 2 5- 23... 5 10-51 ... 6 Salford 11.. 1 7...3.. 4 4- 32...13 11-87 ... 5 Morecambe 11.. 2 9...0... 4 3- 29... 8 12-72 ... 4

INQUESTS AT WARRINGTON.-SUICIDE OF AN OLD MAN.

On Monday at the Parade Room Warrington Mr. S. Brighouse (coroner) conducted an inquest on the body of Richard Wilcock, 12. Atherton-street Warrington, aged 80 years, who committed suicide by cutting his throat on the 9th inst.—John Wilcock said the deeeased was his lather, and lived with them. On the morning of the 9th inst., de- ceased asked him what time it was. He (witness) did not see him and knew nothing of what had happened until he came to his breakfast.—Sarah Ann Wilcock said the deceased was her father-in- law. On the morning of the 9th inst., about 7.30, as she was coming out of the pantry she saw de- ceased,who was standing near the fire. She could see that his throat was bleeding, and she ran out as she was afraid. She met a constable and told him what had happened.—P. C. Lewis stated that he went with the last witness to the house. He there saw deceased, who was sitting near the fire. Blood was flowing from his throat and mouth. Witness rendered first aid, and asked deceased what he had done it with and he replied that he had done it with a razor which was upstairs. Witness found the two razors and a knife (pro- duced), which were covered with blood.—Nurse IClarke stated that deceased was admitted to the Infirmary between 7.30 and eight o'clock. He was suffering from a lacerated throat. He died on Friday. The jury returned a verdict of" Suicide whilst of unsound mind.'—The coroner then held an inquiry into the death of Lucy Tarwood, who resided at Garibaldi-street. and who sustained fatal scalds on the 12th inst ,—Mary Alice Yarwood said she resided at 8, Garibaldi-street. The deceased was her daughter, andwas aged ei2ht months. The accident took place on Thursday, 12th inst. On the above date she left a pan, which contained turnips, on the bar of the firegrate. rhere was a guard in front of the fire, and when she returned she found the pan had been upset, by what means she did not know, and the child was scalded. She died at half- past eleven on Saturday morning from the effects of the scalds. A verdict of "Accidental death " was returned,

The toad captures insects by darting out its tongue so rapidly that the eye cannot follow the motion. The tip is covered with a glutinous secretion, to which a fly or other mall insect adheres.

- - Warrington.—Printed and Published by JoaN WALKER The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-stree, and Published also at The Examiner Office, Victoria-roam WIDNES; High-street, RuNcom ; 32, George.street. S;f: HELENS; and 33, Market-street, HARLESTOWN.—MV° ZEB 21st, 1896.

a.:.' .....; a , _

Xo sOCIALI SINK

Si BITAJECT •

WYCL TO-MORRC OPEN CHI VII speak , Strest Trage

Y.M.

Vocalists 4, • E. ItAl iteco, mpanis rAYTON.

Chairmar.

bANCE Mrs. all-term o 4ehssons by .RRWENT F

RATIO/

On THUI

It Is hope(

BlRstlls

NorER HER

A CHILI] from Presto heath, Pres IfIXT, Nov Admissior For times 00.

PARISE'

dt 8 o'elo UNCLE'S

Tickets fo

Ptrformai atilt 6d. 1 +Unions.

DOMES CIL h'uHOLAM taureasmakir ,l(1 Dairy I g Januar: 'lon can be

Crewe. MAS ! v CH R tiTTLB M 0 ‘UNCORN Specialitie %a 8 materil

PE 411 Order 14%.

It great'

_____

PISH

40a. 1 8

hawkers,

Note kow

PURNII brawing= bining-ro kites in go „ hair Sea, ;`,," ` Leather ( Leather I Matt l'kq eac EC

Wkrringtor ..

ti Relent'. iholford.,

-____

/ • 444;6 ot t nto Ob._ ;age Wrify

bELA ‘A, AMER] t 4) 'Yen b V? IN At. Yi ItINAR 'V. Ay Rxr TON I °RIB

===== 0002601_18961121_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PRELIMINI.RY NOTICE. TOWN HALL, ARLESTO'WN, GRAND OPERETTA With MUSICAL DRILL, etc. By Scholars of Wesleyan Day Schools. MONDAY, 14th DEC., 1858. _ NIST ARRINGTON SWIMMING CLUB.—The ANNUAL GENERAL MENTING will be held at the BATHS, Lr.au-a :BEET, on FRIDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 17th, at 8 o'clock. F. GARSIDE, Hon. See. November 19th, 1896. _ TONY FELIX'S Royal EngliBh CIRCUS, Queen- street. Warrington. Open for the Season on MONDAY Ma, NOVEMBER 23rd, 1898. With a Grand Company of STAR ARTISTES, Horses Ponies, Donkeys, Mules, Dogs, Monkeys. &c. The Marvellous ETHERDO the Flying Gym- nasts ; STAG AND TWEBSTEA, Perch Performers Mr. CLAUDE RANDALL, Jockey Act Rider; Mr. ROBERT imam, Somersault Act Rider ; PROFESSOR &ARMED, With'his Great Troupe of Acrobatic Dogs; Mr. FRED DER- RICK ; LITTLE LEON, end the BEAUTIFUL EUGENIE ; r. SAM ANDERSON, Miss AMELIA, LITTLE HULLA.R ; 12 Great CLOWNS including TONY FELIX. The CAMEO TROUPE OF ACROBATS ; The VALDO BOYS. Grand Illuminated AFTERNOON PEFORMANCE EVERY SATURDAY at 2 o'clock. Prices :—Reserved Seats, ts. axes Is. 6d. Chairs Is. Pit. 6d. Gallery, 3d. Half-price St 9 o'clock to the 6,1„ and 2s. Seats only. Doors open at 7. Commence at 7-30. SPECIAL NOTloE.—Seats may be Booked at„,the Circus ny Morning front 11. WI 2. NATIONAL . OCIETY FOR TrIE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. (Warrington and District Branch.) A PUBLIC BALL, Will be held at the LION HOTEL, On THURSDAY, laru DECEMBER, 1896, in aid of the above Socitty. TICKETS 7s. 6.1. each. No be obtained from MR. R. If. PBARSON, Bold-street, Warrington. DANCING 8-30 to I o'clock. It Is hoped,that all will support the Ball to help the funds of tie- Society.

W ARRINGTON INF) FOI ARY AND DISPEN- SARY. CONTRACTS FOR DRUGS, pßovisid'ss. The Bova of Mauaement of this Institution are desirous of receiving Tender for the supply of DRUGS, good Seconds BREAD, Butcher's MRaT, GROORRIES and MILK for the Year commencing Ist January, 1897. Persons tendering Will be require-I to deliver the goods at the Infirmary free of oiiet, how and when required. The Board do not pledge themselves to accept the lowest or &liy tender. Tenders to be sent to the undersigned on or Wore Thursday next, the 26th November, 1896. JONH J. TUNSTALL, non;Sec. _Warrington, 20th Nov, 1896.

nEEEOHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—A SCHOLARSHIP To enable the holder to be trained in SICK NURS- -424, G and tenable at the Nurses' Trainieg School, the Infirmary, Liverpool, is offered for Competition.—Forms Pi application and further particulars can be obtained Qom the unde reigned. RICHARD P. WARD. Organizing Sectetary. Crews.

DOMESTIC: SCEICLARSEIIPS. The COUNTY COUN- CIL o ffers for Competition, a number of BCHOLARSH IFS providing instruction in Dairy-work, ,bressnaaking D , Cookery, Laundry-work, and tenable at gle airy Ins! Worleston for nine weeks,tommenc- -1,!1g January 4 tt1i1.89,7. Particulars and forms of applica• "101 l can be ol )bnined from the under signed R. F. WARD, Organizing Secretary. . Crewe.

-- 110ROUG H OF vv.,kftRINGTON.-EDIXATION ACTS. EXA.MIN. LTLON OF CHILDREN FOE/ LA.BOUR CERTIFICATES. NOTICE 19 HEBEBY GIVEN that Her Majesty's In- _lPector of SCI 100ift wki h)ld an Ex imination for Labour 0 er- Lificates at the St. Mary's School, Buttermarket Street. on komday, the 30th November, 1696, at 9-39 a.m. 'Any Child who le•desirous of obtaining a Labour Certificate tind attendin g any crublie El,,mentary School must f orthwith fs'lve notice ; to the School Master of its intention to be ex- %rained. Amyfurthe r information will be furnished on application to any of the Se hoot Attendance Inspectors. ' Dated this 7th day of November, 1896. J. LYON WHITTLE, Clerk to the School Attendance Committee.

In Penny IPackets with full directions •" CALIFORNIAN PREPARED IN ENGLAND for Personal and Domestic Uses. BORAX EXTRACT OF SOAP. " Extracts " all Dirt without Rubbing In ilb,, and 11b., Packets. BORA.X DRY SOAP. Sweetest and Best for Daily Use In Vb., and Packets BORAX ROYAL • STARCH GLAZE, ,:,Queen's Enamel for Starching Purposes. Benny Packets for.naing with every kind of Starch. Sold by Dealers in soaps everywhere. Ildexuas THE PATENT BORAX CO., LTD. Iti!RSIINGHANI AND LONDON.

FOOTBALL 'SEASON. UNSWORTH BROS., 'FOOTBALL OUTEITTEES &O, FO OTBA LT„ ,RUGBY ASSOCIATION, FROM THE BEST MAKERS, _ SHIRTS, JERSEYS, PANTS, HOSE, BELTS SHINICAU.A.RDS. INFLLTORS, &C. Special ,otationa for Club Outfits. Tour Orders Early. STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHRD 75 YEARS. I.IICS;BEST THING IN THE WOBLD IS BATE'S SALVE. ' For Instantly Relieving Pain east CURING ABS ESSES. BAD BREASTS, BOILS, BURN-4. SCALDS, and all SORES. NOTHING TOUCHES BA.TE'S SALVE. lid. and 134 d . Post Free from. BATES, 1, REGENT SQUARE, LONDON, W.O. .Please mention paper.

CYCLES' FOR LADIES The WAVERLEY '" BELLES" and others, From £lO. CYCLES FOR GENTLEMEN, The WAVERLEY " SCORCHERS" and -others, From £lO. Any Machine may be Purchased upon the Hire System, extending from Twelve to Eighteen Months. WILLIAM LEA, 50 & 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MILLINERY, HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Is now showing an ENORMOUS STOCK OF NEW GOODS, BEST STYLES and MOST MODERATE PRICES In the City.

VIOLINS. BOWS AND CASES. ' MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, eke:, of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. IMMEDIATE CASH on Furniture and all kinds of artiotes IL either for sple or storage, un long or short periods or purchased outright or instantly.—George TURNER AND Soling, Auctioneers, 84c,. 44, Church-street, Liverpool. Telephone 1897.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. Fcc. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 631 RENSB AW STREET. LIVERPOOL. Established IEI9. Valuations for Probate.

ESTABLISHED 1828. Wm. H. & G-. H. DEAPEB 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS ERARD BY • STEINWEG COLLARD & COLLARD, BRINSMEAD. HOPKINSON. BORD, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RI6KS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 7s. PER MONTH. 'CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS- -96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6467. Telegrams "Apollo."

THE WARRINGTON LAND AND PROPERTY COMPANY, LIMITED. THIS COMPANY HAS ELIGIBLE LAND TO LEASE Fox BUILDING PURPOSES. in various parts of the tow's, MONEY TAKEN ON DEPOSIT SUBIECT TO THREE MONTHS' NOTICE AT 31 PER CENT: INTEREST. MR. THOMAS TIINSTALL, F.C.A. Secretary, BEWSEY CHAMBERS, Warrington.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Ca, LD DINORWIG AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COLL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR 1$ BUXTON LIME FIRMS 00., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, } Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. "ANY Docrou WILL TELL Yotf" there is no better Cough Medicine than ; KEATING'S' LOZENGES. One gives relief; if you suffer from c3ugh try them but once; they will cure. and they will not injure your health; the most delicate can take them. As a remedy they are simply unrivalled. Sold everywhere in 130. tins.

DRINK CARBONARIS. THE PUREST OF WATERS. INVALUABLE TO INVALIDS. It greatly improves the avour of 'Wines, Spire' ,s etc. Ask for it at your Chemists or Hotel. Wholesale only from O. GROUNDS, W ESTON POINT, RUNCORN.

EARDON BROS., FISH AND POULTRY SALESMEN, COMMISSION AGENTS, Nos. 1 and 3. FISH MARKET. AND 33, PINNER'S BROW, WARRINGTON. Hawkers, Friers. and Shops ,upplied anywhere Lowest Market Prices. A trial solicited. Note telegraphic address —" Fish," Warrington.

I\T OW OPEN AT 73, CHURCH-STREET RUNCORN. FURNITURE AVARRHOUSE AND CYCLE DEPOT. Drawing-room suites re-coverel in Velvet. from £3. Dining-room Suites in real Morocco, £B. Dining-roow. suites In good American Leather, 22. Dining-room Suiten Hair Seating. £3. Single Couches in Hair Seating, 18s.. ,u Leather Cloth, 123.-6 d. Easy Chairs in Hair Seating, 13a., in Leather Cloth, 7s. ed. 1 Mattresses re-made aniall.eize, from ss. large 98. each. VENETIAN BLINDS RE-TAPED FRO)11 la. 9D. EACH..

riE. BERTELLI'S CATRAMIN PILLS (Globular siaaped Pastilles), Vag COUGHS, ' CATARRH, TNFLIJENZA, CONSUMPTION, This celebrated Medicine is strongly recommendea for all affections of the Throat and Lungs. It is invalueble for Singers, Lecturers and Clergymen. Price, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d, per box. T.o be obtained of all Chemists and the Wholesale Agents, W. BDW,&RDS & SOl7, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London, E.C, WIDOW W.ELCIES PILLS Wit FEMALS COMPLAINTS lURT. SMITHERS, Granddaughter to the Widow iIL Welch, contlnues to prepare thi s eelebrakted Medicinort from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints kas obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the Mani/fax. RECIPE. The gennine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the outsl44 label by Mrs. Snaithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents. "W. Enwanne & Sox, 157, Queen Vic- toria-street," formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold in boxes at is, 9d. each by most Chemists.

4s. 6D. INCANDESCENT LIGHT 4S. 6D. J. ASHORT. 118, PEMBROKE PLA.CE, LIVERPOOL.

p-UPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Rffectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registeredh consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 it 9. Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester.

TTOW COLD HIS IT BEEN? THERMOMETEIRS, For Indoor and Outdoor Purposes FROM 1/ RA(11. ' CHI.DBURN & SON, OPTICIANS, 17, JAMKS-STRIIRT, LIVTIRPOOL. t(Opposite Merssy Tunnel Station).

LADIES DRESS BASKETS FROM 20s. PORTMANTEAUS, GLADSTONE BAGS &C. Goo.l4liality, at lowest ;prices. ORMAN'S, TRUNK MANUFACTORY, ROSCOE ARCADE (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL.

GREEN'S PATENT SAUSAGE CROPPING AND MINCING MACHINES AND FILLERS (Silent, with White Enamelled Bowls and other Patterns). STEAM JACKET PANS and LARD PRESSES. Also Gaudie's Patent PIE and TART MAKING MACHINES. Suitable for BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFECTIONERS, HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE 'FAMILIES, &c. These Celebrated Machines are used very extensively throughout England. Scotland, Ireland and the Colonies. Illustrated rrice Lists on application. THOMAS GREEN AND SON LIMITED), Smithfield Ironwoiks, Leeds, and Surrey Works, Blackfriars-road, London, S.E., : Or from any Shipping or Export House, Merchant, or Ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

MR. GEO. BLACKHURV NEGS TO ANNOUNCE HE IS RETIRING FROM BUSINESS, AND IS SELLING HIS STOOK AT ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS, From 6s. In the £ OFF MARKED PRICES. Vahffible GOLD LADIES' & GENT'S WATCHES. Splendid SELECTION of ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES. CLOCKS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. SILVER AND ELISIARO-PLATE. GOLD JEWELLERY. SILVER JEWELLERY. CUTLERY, MUSICAL BOXES, &o. OLD GRANDFATHER CLOCKS. GEO. BLACKHURST AND SON, 10, SANKEY - STREET, WARRINGTON.

TINS WORTH'S CARDIGANS. UNS W 0 RT CARDIGANS. UNS WORTH'S CARDIGANS. WE hold the LARGEST and BEST ASSORTED STOCK of CARDIGAN JACKETS in Warrington. Selected from the very Best Makers and the Beat Value that money can buy. BOYS', YOUTLIS', MEN'S and Extra Big Sizes. ADDRESS 7, LYME-STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINOTON. TINS WORTH'S CARD/GINS. CM WORTH'S CARDIGANS. TINS WORTH'S CARDIGANS.

PORT'S SAFES. JOHN PORT, FIRE AND BURGLAR-PROOF SAFE MANUFACTURER, Has REMOVED from 16, COHPORATION-STREEr, and his ONLY PLA II OF BUSINESS is now THE WORKS, MILL-STREET, ANCOATS, MANCHESTER, Where he has Several Hundred SAFES in Stock, Suitable for all Purposes. None but Genuine SAFES or' OWN MANUFACTURE. (No Seoond-hand). Special cheap line Fire-resisting Book Safe 24in. by 171 n. by 17in., with Cash Drawer ,23 3s. Before buying you will do well to compare his prices and intpect the Stock at PORT'S SAFE WORKS, MILL-STREET, ANCOATS, MANCHESTER.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND • CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS la now being offered by T. 1 /LAME, " EXAMINER " OFFICE. RARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK %SAD BOWDON LON DON. At a Diccount of 20 per cent. or 4s. in the Pound.

WILT TO DO WITH THE BOYS? ARE THEM TO TSTE MANCHESTER, TAILORING AN D CLOTHING DEPOT; WHERE THE VUESTION MAY AT ONCE BR DEM D ED BOYS' SUITE (in Hard Wearing Materiale),, from 4/6 -BOYS' OVERCOATS, WARM LIN)311:), from 4/6 8 AND 101 HORSEMARBET STREET WARRINGTON.

Sobtpping p.ottres.

• WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL , MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown, EVERY WEDNERDAY. BRISANNIC Wed.. Nov. 25. *MAJESTIC Wed, Dec. 2. Cotton not carried on Passenuer 6learners. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marKed thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of chargeto New York, Bostms, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to Ismer, IXRLE, and Co., 34. Leadenhall stroe , London. WC.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

HOUSE FURNISHING. M. QUINN AND SON, 11 AND 13 PEMBROKE-PLACE, , LIVERPOOL. • M. QUINN and SON respectfully invite inspection of their large and well selected Stock of High-class, New and Second- hand FURNITURE, made by all the best makers of repute, at prices to suit all purchasers, and defy competition. IMMENSE STOCK OF GENUINE SIsCOND-HA.ND FURNITURE AT HALF ORIGINAL COST. All Goods carefully packed and delivered free to any part of the Kingdom. DEWING-ROOM SUITES FROM £4 10s, To £45. DINING-ROOM SUITES FROM £4 4s. TO £35. BEDROOM SUITES FROM £4 10s. TO £55. -11 q• QUINN AND SON, 11, AND 13, PEMBROKE-PLACE LIVERPOOL.

MR. BIRTLES DESIRES TO INFORM HI i CUSTOMRRS THAT PHOTOGRAPHS REQUIRED FOR CHRISTRAS AND Ew YEAR'S PRESENTS, should be placed on order as early as possible to ensure their being in time at this dull season of the year. LEGII HOUSE, NOVEkIBER, 1896. SEND YOUR PHOTOGRAPH AS A CHRISTMAS CARD. Your own Photograph taken and made into a most beauti- ful CHRISTMAS CARD, finished on elegant Folding Cards at the price of ordinary printed ones. 12 PROT° CARDS, 12 ENVELOPES, IN FANCY BOX. ONLY 5/-. Produced from any good photo at the same price. I vi PORTANT. Sittings for the above Novelty must be given on or before December 12th, 1896, otherwise I cannot guarantee delivery. J. PARKINSON, 45, SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

PIANOS! PIANOS ! ! PIANOS ! ! By all the best makers at the Iswest possible prices for cash or payable monthly. Sole Agent for the celebrated Rosencrantz Pianos. PIANos FROM 10s. }MONTHLY. ORO-ANS FROM ss. Call and inspect them at We BOOTHROYD'S, NEW PIANO SHOWROOMS, NO. 134, BOTTOM OF BRIDGE-13TREET. WARRINGTON.

EaTAßLianis 1851. BIRKB ECK BANK.' Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable en demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each corn pleted E. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO aIIINELB PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOVIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT•OF LAND FOR FM: MILLINGS PER MONI,H. The BIRKBEC/C ALMANACK, with full particulars p Wee. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from 136 GUNN NGH AM WIN WICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANG4L9-BAVARIAN AM 'ER ALE. WARDIA'S HOREHOUND BEER

MITE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered ay the Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It is ms.,icalin its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two battles of NINE OILS immediately, It is a wonderful remedy.—Hvery Bicyclist, Footballer, thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.-- Prepared by J. WOODEND, Chemist, 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles is lid and 2s 9d. free by post Is 4d and 23, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. YOUNG. Chemist, Warrington.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE's CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. ei.HLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wondeaul and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. OHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for kJ Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Aathma. OHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests ‘..) those too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. OHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery. CEILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks psy. Hys , of Epileteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately. and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spaamodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling of co/afoot and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physiciaas that he received a despatch from her Majesty's consul Manilla. to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lewd, let December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION. Vice Chancillor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. Comas BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE" and that the story of the defendant I FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to ay ,had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864 Sold in bottles at Is lid., 2s. 9d.. and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CEILORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony acoompantes each bottle. SOLE MA.NITFACTURION :—J. T. PAVRIIPORT, 33, Great Russell-st., Bloomsbury, Loudon.

ot t 1 , Il?bra, oartitrti2; 05tab5. LONDON. W-ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATB HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUABS. ii.O2lE COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

eiHESTßß.—Temperance Hotel, 114, Brook-street. Gooti accomolation with special moderate terms to com- mercials, cyclists and viiitors. Ladies' coffee room. Night bell; 2 minutes from London and North-Western Station.— Mrs. WEBSTICR WILLIAMS. X BOURNEMOUTI-I.—MINVIIESTER BOARDING ESTABLISH - MIINT, West Chit. Winter Residence. Large Dining Hall, Drawirg. Smo zing, Billiard, Recreation and Ball Rooms. Excellent cuisine. Terms be. per day, 30s. per week, inclusive.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSI Olf HYD KO Phys., Dr. EAR- L/ NARDO, Summer and Winter Residence, one of tho handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams. Evict golf links Tutkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. Summer Terms from 7s. per day.—J. BOOCoCK, Proprie tors HOTEL -KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD, FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CAkPIITS, FURNITURE. RE- UPHOLSTERING. or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING &c. Designs and Patterns sent on Application. Note Address,—CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD., 24. and 26, GitICAT CHARLOITE-STREET. and 5, DEANE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367,

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE NJ- The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister bd., 10d., and Is. Bd. each.f Wholesale by J. GIIDDES AND; SON. WARRINGTON

FRAIN AND LATIMER, ESTATE & GENERAL COMMISSION AGENTS, DEBTS PURCHASED, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. NOTICE TO AGENTS Jaw PROPERTY OWNERN : Certified under the Law of Distress Amendment Act. All Communications from Town or Country promptly attended to. --- Agent for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, dt Northern Plate Glass Insurance Companies. °nor : 24, DIAL STREET, WARRINGTO N. HOURS, 9 TO 5.

pARRI'S GREAT PIANO SALE. Catalogue now ready, post free on application. Address 20, DOWNING-STREET, MANCHESTER. £ s. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Brinsmead 6 10 Full-compass Rosewood Iron frame Piano by Stoddart 3 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cross string Piano by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage by Yates,check-action 8 5 Full-c ompass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard and Collard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwooal and Sons l4 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J. and J. Hop- kinson ut 0 New Rosewood Cottage. by Brinsmead,latest improve- ments 25 0 New Rosewood Cottage, by Ibach and Sohn, ditto 26 0 New Walnut Cottage, by Collard and Collard, ditto 2B 0 About 69 One and Two manual Organs from £3 to £46.

fßontp. ruRY, AND BR CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at J. a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly attended to.— Apply in Confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private ouse. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

T E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO o £5OO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale, taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Sim ply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 56, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- eed. Special terms to Farmers.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE, FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable licuseholders, on their own security. dIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

ONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without suretie publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies o gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsibl person in town or country (distance no abject) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges v. hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua, anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool, Established 1851.

FIEL D I N G'S LIMITED. BILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIERS. LOANS £3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others. with or without suretie and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted n Life ASSUralne Policies, Reversions, Freehol and Leasehotd Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 ~ 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- £lO ~ 5/-, ~£25 ~ 12/6 .. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7. Saturdaylo to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

THE CREWE AND DISTRICT LOAN Co., (Est. ICV). CASH arYu-Rp°wAlds n the ' CREW B. ADVAN S AlI from shortest notice, in town or country, male or female, upon simple promissory notes. on Mortgage of Furniture, Trade and Farm Stock. Crops, Plants, &c. Without removal. Also on deeds reversions, stocks, shares and merchandise of every descrip. tion, repayable by easy instalments. Distance no object Anyone requiring money will do well, before applying else where or paying fees to think of this: " Surely I can dc better with a firm who have been established in Cheshire many years,and devoting themselves to this class of business than I can with so-Called private money lenders or arnts with small means. Good borrowers can obtain money here on reasonable terms and quickly. Write or call for prospectus. W. JACKSON. Manager.

NEW AND EASY SHORTHAND. JUT OUT, price Is. New and Improved System of SHORTHAND. Easy to learn, easy to read, easy to write. Vowels all expressed without lifting the pen, thus combining legibility, with brevity. The " Aberdeen Free Prim " says 'New and Easy Shorthand 'ls one of the best and most ingenious systems produced of recent years. It is extremly simple." Published by J. HEYWOOD, 'Aanchester. and may be ordered of any Bookseller or had post free, from the Author, W. STEWART, 35, Queen-st., Galashiels, N.B. x

0 I XlXth Century, Parent of Marvel*, ithoy hast produced nothing more Marvellous that% ••, -••!1, ,t THE JOHN NoBL4 , ~ ~..•4 . . 1 * - ' 1.-'%•• ' . - • , • , '*' • ‘.. , "* 0, .‘ s' * •'t P ;+.....,,„...r '4:lf-Guinea COST- '• ~--.. ' Which a vast'multitude of delighted customers hailing from all parts of the Queen'.. Dominions, proclaim to be SUPREME VALUE FOR MONEY. ' The Largest Firm of Costumiers.' gnn Well-Paid 1 jOHN NOBLE LTD., in the World. Employ Isauu Workers. "Dresses which any Gentlewoman can wear , , ' 13.001011 g '-i", ..v '''' at nominal cost.,,—The Gentlewoman. s •'' -14 4 Ikl4aqg '467'-if.'N'-# TWO GOLD MEDALS •,. AWARDED. A 46, Vfr' ,n -N..• -,- 4- i 4v, -,,`"-rlip._-__. •• - ' - , ---„ • ty, 7 ".= y/ p, 1,/ *:. t 4,--, . 4.;- / • i'''' .4.4,4 ''/-, ' ~,, •;,s! -. ,- , „ % / .t, )%• %, / -..-• t-:. • ) ''‘ \ I /,jrnititenvnt7 i`. . • to ~, , einthntEor di • , 7 5..,,.. , - , , . • ~- •/ ' / ',,, / / • ,---------------;' \ ~....2,1„,„,,•„, , t4----_----,----_,--___ ------=_----=-,-=- -----;-=::. . MODEL 582. Au up-to-date _ design in John N( 'ieviot , Seroe, ',lit '-r fi • e 1- ,-

MODEL 583. The latest mode in _oble Ch e. Noble Cheviot Serge has a 101 The tigh smart well cut Blouse bodice with the back shaped 10.6 to the figure The John Noble Popula, ..tti ng bodic Suit. MODEL 468 . • ,e. beauti- fully aim. and front ' pleated to is a Tailor-made open-coat ped to figure and daintily trim- the waist • a ; pretty yok- ed collar, full lined sleeves. Full wide Costume, / sina r t med. The saddle and sleeves. cur v e d S,irt in Tailor-made design. Price asci it e arranged wide Tailor-made design. Price complete to 6. Safely packed and 13 in reve r S. are lined. The skirt is a full .1 in smart folds. Full wide complete only io6. Sent car- -4 carrkage 5 1 paid ~,I. extla. skirt only 6, carriag:, 6..1. extra. Tailor-made ,l,:irt. Price corn- riage paid and safely packed plete est-, carriage 9d extra. for 9,. extra. COLOURS: r;iacki Brown. Navy, Bronze-Green, Myrtle, Electric, Ruby, Petunia, Cinna- mon, Fawn, or Grey. Ordinary stock sizes fit figures 34. 36, 38 ins, round bust under arms. Skirts . being 38, 40, and 42 ins, long in front. Larger or special sizes made to measure, i/6 extra. 44 witIEN WRITING I'LEASIE MENTION "WARRINGTON EXAMINER." Bankers: " London and Midland Bank." i joHN NOBLELTD. 9 - sl'ir RV: T MANCHESTER.MILLS, , .. , „

The Royal Laundresses say Catchley's '' STAucH. GLore Is uneati.alled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched hum Ate., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall. says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,- 1 am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It shoutd be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3.1., and 6d., by most starch si-llers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCIILEY, Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

14 REE TO i‘IEN. When you are tired of taki, suseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you, A book which describes a QUICK AND CEKTAIN cure fr lost strength, wasting weakness, etc., from whateve eausearisink. NO STOMACH IDIOIN, NO ELRCTRIC- [TY. Sent in envolope or• receipt of two stamps tor postage A. J.LEteill, 92-93. Great Russell-street. Loo on. W

WASHING-m.6_ MADE EASY. --------- ,-. grk ' 1 1 J .. f fet "• --1, ^ik ' - • N. . \ ~,-ix um mmi minim t ' "": 4. . , ..,,„ la c,, ,-• , "Have you ever stood over a washing tub all day?" said a woman to the Bishop of London, who had been discoursing on the evils of drink. "If you have done that," she remarked, "you would know something about it." So would any other man. Everybody admits that washing clothes is hard work. But it might be made easier if women would use PERFECTION" SOAP. This gets the dirt out quickly, saves time and labour; makes washing more of a pleasure, and less of a burden. Therefore, give "PERFECTION" a trial. Keep the outside wrapper, because it is worth money to you Read the inside wrapper for par- ticulars of Messrs. Crosfield's handsome present to all users of "Perfection" Soap.

p: k- vc4f;A i kgrwy re f e ri gyi riporf re m p w rw ri y ri rwercciE 6 nIMEEEM 'WM nwie' CUE* PlAb, •Ali ' -4:1 .. w- w.-4 ...1 .... • %. •, 0 la 1 eta V/Pil IA 143 , > V.. 1 IS IN THE DRINKING . . -AND- KI 9 IT CAN BE TESTED FREE krl I .46,1 ig THEREFORE WRITE TO US For Dainty Sample Tin (a Postcard will do) which will be sent ripost free, if when writing you name Warrington "Examiner." • Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Oocoa, in 6d. Packets, and 9d. and Is. 6d. Tins. Sold by Grocers, Chemists, and stores. , I 1041 Address: Dr. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA, Ltd., Suffolk House, Cannon Street, London, E.C. • p-40 41* i : Wri a g ial 1 PC+lO Mili ri p re An re fil I VA :.M4leCha id

IMPORTANT TO LADIES, Especially to those who wish to know of a SAFE AND CERTAIN REMEDY FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS AND IRREGULARITIES. A Remedy which in Thousands of Cases has never failed la bringing about all that is required generally in a few hours. No Case Hopeless, as failure is simply Impossible. As Mrs. W. writes :—,' BY ADOPTING YOUR TRIIAIMERT, MY TROUBLE AND ANXIKTY WAS Al' AN END WITH- TWRNTY-FOUE HOURS AFTER POUR MONTHS OF NOPI'LIISS WRETCHEDNESS AND CONTINUAL DM- A.PPOINTMENT, to my intense joy and surprise."' ASW )11N GIN RANTER is en timed with all Testimeniali and Medicines, which is inexpensive, as one bottle at 4s. 6i, is generally sufficient for any case ; by post, 4s. 9d. Full particulars will be gladly forwarded to any Lady on 'receipt of addreisen envel:•pe. • WRITE PRIVA.TELY TO '1 y f .RS. tj. eJ • 145, STOCKWELL-ROM), LONDON, S.W. x

qtv anteb. I.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class MACHINERY XX. OILS, Liberal Commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

(100 D EARNINGS at home by the HARRISON PATENT k) KNITTING MAcain Es.-48, UPPER BROOK-STREET, Manchester.

BRICKLAYMIS Wanted: wages Bd. • no strike: sleeping accommodation found.—Apply C. G. KILL, builder, Coventry.

WANTED, any time before January, a HOUSE in or near Arpley-street.—Address 8.N., Examiner Office, Warrington.

WANTED3Large Cooking APPLES, Blenheim.; King's TV Onions., Greenstuffs.-- Terms, HENRY &MEAD, Borough Market. London.

WANTED OLD BOOKS of all kinds, Novels, Aldine Libraries. eco. Highest cash buyers.—STArmEr Book Shop. 92 Scotland at., Sheffield,

PHOUSAAPS making money fast ; no canvassing, nothing to sell; males 'only. Particulars 3d.—GuEaT & Co., 38,11-feol Pwll-y wern. Glandwr, Swansea.

BRILLIANT PIANIST for Evening Parties. Concerts, Sm.. and piano chooser; highest references.—CHAßLES GARDNER, 14, Fallin.r-street, Liverpool.

1 WEEKLY for Home Sewing, anybody, anywhere ; by I.pOst. Book of instructions and patterns, 6 stamps.— WILBY AND Co., Saviletown, Dewsbury. A GEMS REQUIRED eveyTifireie for the famous ti.. KAISER PIANOS, (whole or spire time). Very valu- able agency.-3, Humber Chambers, Hull.

W-NEEtWRIGHT WANTED—good steady au;Il good wages and constant work for a suitable maa.—G. WATSoIi, Wheelwright, Sal:lpm%, Cheshire.

rrillß-NIP FLY DIUVBR, WANTBD LOGO subscribers .1 names; furtller ,p4rticulars, terms, conditions, stamped enveIope.—SEEDLING, 26,' Triangle, Wellington, Somerset. • ' •

CONPECTIONNRY.—WANTED a FEMALE APP RN TICB to the above. to live In; premium required.— Address A. MANNING, 504, New Chester-road, Rock Ferry, Birkenhead.

A RTICLBD PUPlL—Messrs. Durose Sutton and Co., .111. Auctioneers, t Bristol. have vacancy for well-educated Youth about 17 to learn the profession. Premium moderate, highest references, excellent practice.

lATANTED,SHOP PREMISES in best marketing thorough- •Y T fare of Warrington. Suitable grocery.—Apply giving full particulars, measurrments, lease, ac., to GROOIR Box, 820 Sell's Advertising Officers, London. r UCRATIVB WINTER OCCUPATION, bona-fide, either L sex, town or country, spare hours. No copying, no sample, no canvassing for orders. Stamped addressed enveIope.—ANDERTON. 28, Queen-square, Brjstol. A GENTS WANTED, Country Grocers, General Dealers 21. Insurance Agents, etc. It will only cost, you a post- card to write to COLE & Co., 307. High Holborn, London, to hear of a little business that may pay you to take up. x

ENERGETIC GHNTLB HAN with good connections wanted by first-class Bordeaux Wine House to sell their Wines to private people and retailers. Good conditions.— Apply to P. C.. 26 POSTE RESTANTE, Bordeaux; France. x .

HOME EMPLOYMENT for plain writers. without can- vassing, either sex, copying addresses, inserting an- nouncements, !cc. Salary 10s. to 30s. weekly. Stamped onvelope to "Rome Employers." 104 Church-st,, Brighton. x

L 5.-A, Salary of 10s. 6d. tO £5 a week can be easily earned by either sex in spare hours or evenings every- Where.—Guarantee sent to any person enclosing an addressed envelope in own handwriting to F. PAINTER & Co. (F 25 Albert House, St. Mary's Church, Torquay.

21.PPOINTMERTS in H.M. Civil Service. Young men (age 16 to 20) who can study it home for a few weeks to prepare. by corrospondence for Liovernment Situations. Bacellent salaries, promotion, pension.—Address the SECRETARY. British Correspondence Classes, 6, Warwick Mansions, Warwick-court Holborn, London,•W.C.

APPOINTMBNTS under Government, Males 14-22, Females 15-22 ; salaries £Bo' to £4OO. Numerous vaCancies for Men Clerks, Facise, Boy Clerks, Female Clerks, Telegraph Learners and Sorters. hapid preparation, either personally or by correspondence; most successful system; passed over 3,600. Boarders received. See Civil Service Manual is. Bd. post free' or order Civil Service Com- petitor. id. weekly, through Bookseller.—Write or call, Prospectus free, Mr. SIKERRY. M.A., F.R.G.S., 27, Chancery. lane, London.

ef:tbOlaStit ST. "JAMES', ASHTON-UNDER-LYNIL—WANTED, a MISTRESS, certificated, for the Infants' School.— Apply, with testimonials, &c., VICAR. •

CIVIL SERVICE. free tuition, all Exams ; rapid successful Preparations by thoroughly qualified masters, good pay, permanent employment, short hours. pension.—UrrrizEsem CORRESPONDENCE COAX RING AGENCY, East Finchley. Loudon.

artnititts eurntsbat 3t10u5e5, - CIOLWYN BAY.—Comfortable Apartrcents in sheltered position. Terms moderate.—Mrs. BLAIN, Bonheu House, Erskine-read.

Carriages:4, bagstilturO, <VI FOR SALE, Mail CART, with hood. in good condition.— Address 4, ELLESMERE-ROAD, Stockton Heath.

UT 00 AND SIMMONS. COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High °lass CA.RRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victoria' Wagonettes. and Phzetons. now for Sale or Hire.

tibt=gPtork P ONY (goed) and good strong Yarmouth Cart, to be L Sold. cheap.—Joirs GinasoN, Orford. Warrington.

CIOLLIE PUPPIES, by Finsbury Captain. cheap; also o: hers full grown, wmpulsory sale.—Mn. BLOOMFIELD, Moortown, Leeds.

I Van MARB, rising six. 16 handa, grand stamp, reason- -3.) able trial given. Also useful Roan Gelding, 15 hands.- 178, VINE-STREET. Liverpool.

ON SALR a PONY CART. also Cart Harness, and Hay Cutter ; all nearly new. Together or separate.—Apply to Mr. H. WErry., t.tanley Villas. Runcorn.

OWNER no further use. active cart or lurry HORS% 16i hands, 7 years' good work r in all gears and master of great weight, £13.--OoAL YARD, Langstou-st., Strangeways, Manchester.

ON SALB.—Good bred Black RIATHIBYBH DOG, aged three years • thoroughly broken to all sorts of game, ca,rse of sale giving up garnekeeping. Price R..s.—PowrEa, Gamekeeper, fieace Hall, Blackburn. (-AMMAN CANAHlBS,Warranted splendid Songster 4 with k_T cage complete. Carriage paid to any address for 311. STEPHENS, 2( 9, Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W.C.

To PIG BUYBRS. SPROUL NOTlCB.—Purchase your JL Pigs dirtct from the breeder's yards and save numerous profits. R. D. GARRATT, Barton. Ampthill, Beds being on the spot can get you any quantity delivered, four and over at one small commission only, any price between Bs. 6d. and 40a.—Also Sows, of the best sorted Yorks, Berke, Tamworths acc., and so get them cheapest and without the risk of disease as from market d pigs. IL D. G. has sent thousands annunly to Lancashire for 12 years and never sent any diseased pigs yet Look at this alone. Nothing like getting straight form the yards where all are healthy and thrifty and at first c st. He will send full printed particulars of his system of busi- ness and numerous genuine unsolicited testimonials free in application. Send for these for reference as yon will be a buyer some time if not now and will then see best and safest Way to te supplied in tho future.

fflarbittern, _ T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS. LIMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited). Hulme. Manchester, have the Larwest tssortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a positiou to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwri4ht, and tilt kinds of iingineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

OA TENT OFF IC P MANcIIESTER, BISTABLIIIIIED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIRizi & SON have hall more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish ment, and possess practioalknowledgeof the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufacteres. —Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.11., & SON. P.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONs, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINH BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in St4ok ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 18 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Yull particulars on application.

4+lfsrOlantotts. GEOROB JACKSON PAWNBROKEit, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES, JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE. CARPETS. BEDSTEADS. and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. TO CLEAR OUT And make room for a new Stock of Forfeited Pledges we are offering Men's Youth's and Boy's Clothing at • a great reduction. NGLISH CONCERTINA.—Just Forfeited.by Lachenal of London full compass, in splendid mahogany Payments taken case; a grand opportunity; cost late owner 8 guineas and has hardly been used ; our price 595. D.

ANTBRMANTEL. just out; splen- • kJ did Walnut OVERMANTEL, Canopy and Brackets for Orna- ments, Brio-a-Brac, &a. ; stands 42 Payments taken Inches high. 34 inch wide, with best English plate and bevelled edges; a splendid thance,one not to be missed call and see this and judge for your 355. selves ; price

AGRAND Pair of enclosed Dres- Payments taken sing TABLES, in excellent condition • sold elsewhere for 475.6 d. 39 our price for same S.

VERY handsome TOILET SET, Payments taken V price to clear, ss. 11d. • also 1.25. 6D. another SET, hand-painted ; only • JOIN AT ONCE. ()IJR SECOND ANNUAL BED- DING CLUB. The Greatest Value ever offered at the price. One pair very large all-wool BLANKETS; one pair very large-size Bolton twill SHEETS; one large-size Honeycomb QUILT the Lot only 17s. 6d.,' 1 shiilirg per week. Only 100 pairs left. Grand Opportunity. Call and - Inspect the above.

HOW TO -GL4ZII Shirts and Collars free 7 stamps. SOLOMON, Horton-road, West Drayton. x_ Pi MPLBS, Chapped dkin, Chilblains, Flushing; receipts 6 stamps each.—Geo, E. Bomere Heath. Salop.

IDOREIGN STAMPS.—Colleetion or lots wanted, cash. TURNER, 4, New London-street, City, London. AGENTS Wanted to sell Illuminated LORD'S PRAYERS, 20114. Sample 13 stamps.—Heitlas. Artist, Mer thyr.

WHY NOT Keep Turkeys instead of other Poultry ? , V "Hints ois rearing," 6d. VICAR, Cranwell, Wee- ford.

• ULM LIVBR TROUBLES, U.e Blinktborne's Liver Pills; 1: post :free 14 stamps.-13Lnumtum, Chemist, Salis- bury.

A TYPEWRITBE for 12s. 6c1., thoroughly practical "-X Machine. Ask specimens.—GßAHA.M, 95, Bath-street, Glasgow.

10 HANDBILLS for 65., saMples free ,000 millions sold every week.— VERO'S PRINTERY, Barnsley.

25 ss.vitloWlTS , inst:ui9estioCans9l?;._7.twwiseekity ic,vuitdhaoautet Orals' Buildings, London. ON SALE, MANURE WORKS. Widnes. and Gas Work, and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.-7-Apply to J. ROBBING 6, Fenwin k -street, Liverpool.

(114RISTMAS PRBSBNTS I I Before getting these write ‘../ for Illustrated Catalngue of Amusing Novelttes ; post free, 2d.--(a. GOLDING, N 0.2, Salisbury.

PATENT Rubber Specialties for domestic purposes ; sample parcel 3s. 6d. carriage paid; catalogue free,—MANCHES- TER NOVELTY Co., Clayton, Manchester. BRBBCHLOADBR, D B.C.F. 12 bore, 458.; single muzzle loader, 15s. ; double, 275. 6d.; any gun exchanged if not approved.—SirEzzam, 16, Fore-street, Ipswich. • x 66 L 0 W-IT " (Parlow Football) best Christmas game ;ask 11 your stationer to procure or send 7 stamps.— PeruLAR PASTIME CO., 1, Crutched Friars. B.C.

ro OTH ACHE, NEURALGIA.—Gentleman who suffered' I_ dreadfully discovered a most extraordinary, simple cure, Post free, is. 6d.—Jorms, 4, Mount Joy-street, Liverpool. x

QOVERNMENT White Waterproof Sheets, with six brass eyelet hales ; suicabie for aprons. children's beds, carts, ; 6ft. by 3ft., 3s. each, post free.—HENRY ROBINSON, Eye, Sussex.

SPLEND I D Assortment of New Season'sPgtterns for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good value,—llA.ouE AND Co., Limited, c 5, Byrom-st. Liverpool.

YYES. for one stamp I will send my Catalogue, of Novel- -9 ties, suitable for Baziars, Newsagents, Hairdressers Grocers, Markets, Sce., to retail from H. upwards.—R. HAL- SEY, Redbouru Herts.

USTABLISHED 1875--Assorted Crates Seconds Barthen- -14 ware and China. 50s. and upwards. Prices on appli- cnatoi.—W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st , Longton. Staffordshire.

ASTROLOGY.—What is before you? Health, Wealth, Marriage, etc., all affairs free, with Character from Photo or Handwriting ; send birth-time ; 18.—Address A, VFIINER, D. P., 86. Kay-street, Bolton.

WATER TANKS for storing water; will hold 400 gallons; wrought iron, with manhole at top ; weight 476 lbs„ size 4ft 3in equara.—Carriage paid for £3 ss, each from H. J. Geosoiv, Government Contractor, R 3 e.

WIRB NAILS (mixed) 7s. 6d. per cwt. ; 281ba, 2s. Scrota (mixed) 29 per cwt.; 281 b., 7s. 64. ; all other kiwis of Nails and Rivets t wholesale prices.—MIDLAND NAIL WORKS, 25 and 26, Bea-street, Birmingham.

J. • OOK I Look I Look I—Grey Army Blankets, Bft. long, 6ft J wide; suitable for bed-coverings &c. ; all wool; weigh over 4 bs. ; 58. pair; or I will send one, post free, U.—Note the address, HENRY ROBINSON, Rye, Sussex.

mAGIC LANTBRNS, Lanters-slides and accessories (new ano second-hand) at extraordinary luw prices; canti- lever enlarging apparatus from 50s. ; goods bought and ex- changed.—JACKSON, 71. Oxford-st (All Saints'), Manchester.

g I_OOD INVESTMENT.—A • vertiser has a small lot of kfi PREFERENCE SHARES of Md. per cent. Gold opportunity for a small Investor requiring a good return. Now offered at par. 872, COoKE'S ADVERTISING AGENCY, Worcester.

JJADY'S beautiful solid Gold RING, set with real Dia- monds and Pearls, quite new, very handsome, Govern- ment stamped, only 7s. dd., worth mucls more; money re- turned if not approved,handsome present.—AWlßED °LITER Primrose House, Cradley, Staffs.

Cl-11NA TEA SET, 40 pieces and 6 breakfast cups and saucers, white an i gold; also printed dinner set 54 pieces aad 3 bakers, 3 pudding bowls. 3 decors.ted -jugs, decorated teapot, pair decorated vases, pair art fern pots. 129 pieces for 28s.—JklEfn POT VERY CO., Longten, Staffs.

DILES ! PILES ! I—Wanted all Sufferers from Piles, in- ward, outward or bleeding to btke SPEDDINGS EASEL LIB and be Cured as hundreds before Faye been. It Is mar- vellously effective. Post free Is. 2d. per box.—Pro. rietor SPEDDING, Bone Setter. Batley. Yorks. Trade mark 191-562. WE MUST let you know about our Surprise Parcel. For , that amount we send to any addrese 1 Cushion 18in square. 1 ditto lain by 27in for chair back, quite a novelty ; also 1 Fringed Ilearthrug 2ycla by lyd,lovely designs ; money returned if not approved.—PooLE AND VERITY, 57, Hessle- road, Hull.

44 HEALTH FOR LADIES." Madame Dorsan's Specific, as used by her for 30 years ma the Continent is the only (trustworthy) remedy for ladles. Its effect in all cases of irregularities is mar. (Taus. Obstinate cases yield at once to this,—Address MADAME Doßsorr, 3, Croxted Place, Herne Hill, London, S.E.

24 PORTRAITS. Stamp Biz., for is 6d ; 100 for 3s 3d Twelve Carte Portraits, 2s 6d; six for is 6d. Twelve Cabi et Portraits, 5s ed ; six.fpr 38 ; three for 2s ; 8 inch BiZ,, one for 3s ; three for 6s ; 10 inch size. on large mount. 5s each. Fend Carte or Cabinet and P.0.—FR..1.24ms AND Co,, 29 Ludgate Hill. London. Established 1886. I)LINDNBSS AND DEAFNESS. If you suffer from any 1) complaint of the Eye or Ear, consult the Most Suc- cessful Specialist. He will at once tell you if he can cure, you, He charges nothing for advice, and his fees for treat- ment are very small. Note address: W. A. MELLOR, 286, Oxford. street, Manchester. Hours, 9 till 9. Closed Fridays.

WEAK MEN.—" FIXID VITAL" cures all sufferers from Nervous Weakness. Exhausted Vitality, Kidney, BlaVer, Gravel, Prostrate tnd like complaints. 2s. 9d. bottle, 31. under cover. TUE. ONLY GUARANTEED REMEDY, thoroughly tested. Pr ved before being adver- tised. PA phlet 4 stamps. No agents.—MxnlCAL Bract- ALITY Co.. 34, HOrsefalr, Kidderminster.

T ATEST NOTIRLTY FOR CHRISTMAS.—" Phantom I_l Pack of Professional Conjuring Cards, with Book of Instruct,ons by Professor Hoffman, cloth bound and gilt. Anyone possessing above can give from one to two hours' entertainmeat. Splendid for evening parties. Post free 31. 3d.—Ls WifIST, 152. Mushroom-lane. Sheffield.

PA.TCHWOITK.-1,0 large pieces Silks, ac., 3m. to 6in for ls.6d. post free ; latest colours.—AaNES HEXBY, 4 West Brixton, London, S.W.

TTCLOGGERS.—Large Stock of Clog Blocks, Clog Soles, and Old Shoe Tops.—WILLIAM NUTTALL, Wholesale Clogger, 86, Oldfield-road, Salford.

J.l ORIGINAL RECITATIONS, in prose and verse, just the thing for Smoking Concerts and Entertainments, post free is,—FAhitEn, Bookseller. Reading.

SBRGJACKETS, 43. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 6s. 6d- E Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, 6s. 6d.—BAGIjE AND Co., Limited, 65, Bryom-Bt., Liverpool.

URET WORK TOOLS. cheapest anywhere, saws id. doz. 12 wood 3d. foot, patterns Id. each. frames 6d. each, list free.—STER, Wilson-street, Finsbury, London.

BRAND/ SNAP, highest Quality, sells well ; sample and price sent to any address (shopkeepers only).—STlNe- FIELD'S BRANDY SNAP FACTORY, Benson-street, Leeds x

A CARD. PATENTS, DESIGNS, and TRADE MARKS, 48 years' Special Practice.—GAßDNEß,Pateut Agent,l66,Fleet-st. London. x

ARTHENWARE and Uhina.—Seconds, £2 crates; Best. £3 ; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d. ; write for lists,—WEss Alin Co., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton.

YOUNG LADY has a French recipe for beautifying the complexion and making it a lovely pearly hue, really genuine, 7 stamps.—HAßßisoN, 13 School-road, Moseley, Birmingham.

O'BRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and Cheapest. Tables Re- Cushioned and Re-Covered,—J. O'BRIEN, Globe Billiard Works, Bridge-street, Manchester.

pREPARiID Joinery of Every Description made from good, well-seasoned timber; Doors and Windows a speciality; prices on application; inquiries solicited.— J. M. LEE, Mosley street, Joinery Works. Barnoldswick, Colne.

FOR CORNS.—Ryall's Corn Solvent is the safest and quickest cure. Never fails, painl -ss and certain ; Thd. and is. by post id. extra.—Prepared only by F. J. RYALL , A.P.S., Chemist, Portland-road, Stoke, Devonport.

FISH for a Family. We guarantee to send on receipt of 3s. 121b,0f best selected smoked Haddock,earriage paid to any station in the Unltaxil Kingdom. t:pecial terms for larger lots. Addresss, PATERSON at COLE, Fish Docks, Grimsby. 3(

TWIN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON U SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, PhilliPs, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —36. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

TU 00K! LOOK ! I LOOK I 1 I—Prepare for the Winter.-- Grey Army Rugs, all wool, weighing Bibs the pair, suitable for bed covering or horse-rugs, Bft by 61t, 55. a pair.—HENRY ROBINSON, General Alen hant, Rye, sussex. ----- VIRE FIRE 1 ! FIRE I ! !—Genuine Sale of extensive I_ stock of Pianos. Organs, &c.. previous to re-building of premises owing to the recent fire ; easiest terms arranged to effect a clearance.—PAYNE, 103. Approach road, Cambridge Heath.

f'IHRA.P FISH I—Live plaice. Is. 9d. to 3s 3d. stone ; kJ haddock, is. 3d. to is. 6(1. ; cod, is. 3d.; mackerel', 3s. 6d. score ; finney haddock, 2s. 3d. to 2s. 9d. ; oysters, 4s. 6d. 100 ; bloaters and kippers, is. 9d box ; 71b table fish, 2s. 61.—StEro8Ir BROS,, Pontoon, Grimsby.

Q TUBBS' MfiIiCANIILE OFFICES. 42. Gresham-street London.with 56 Branches and sub-Offices. An organisa; tion indispensable to every commercial firm. Debts Promptly recovered. Sub,cribers to StAus Enquiry Departnient may avoid bad debts. Prospectus free on application.

V HO'S WHO? Is he reliable ? Is Ihe Company a genuine or a bogus one? Do you want to Itripw ? If so send Zs. 6d. with all particulars to the Investors Protec- tion and Information Agency, 76, Finsbury Pavement. London, ILO. Telegraphic address.—" ExPosURE, Lon- don." x

PILES PlLES.—Wanted all suffering from PILES, inward outward, or bleeding to take Speddlng's aselip and be cured as hundreds before. It is the most marvellously effec- tive cure yet discovered. Sold by Chemists is., post free is. 2d.—Proprietor. SPEDDING, Bone Setter, .Batley, Yorks. Registered 191-552.

A£s NOT awaiting you To introduce our Famous Teas to the provinces, we will give above to all sending correct answer to Bxxxxxxxx, noted English town. Enclose 2s, and answer for lib Finest T. a. Thoroughly genuine. Our Tea once tried always used.—STEPHENS sTonEs, 272, Earls- field-road, London, S.W.

1T WILL PAY YOU TO NOTE THIS. I I HAVE a quantity of Good Government GOODS, passed I out ot service for other patterns. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft. by 3ft 2 6 61t. by 6tt 5 0 Splendid Waterproof Hoods and Capes Heavy, Large, Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes, not soiled in any way 3 6 Horses Ist oee Bags, with wide leather strap 1 6 Good All-wool Rugs. 41b weight Waterproof Horses Loin Cloths, 46in by 42in 3 0 Strong White Rubber Sheets, brass eyelet holes, 46in by 42in 2 0 Strong Leggings, extra leather bound top and bottom, per pair Gameßeeper's Shoulder Bag, with wide strap 1 0 Galvanized Tanks, 29in high, 171 n wide, 25gals, air tight lid . T 6 Brown Handbag. 22in by 16in Any of the above are carria..e paid to your homes, from HENRY JOHN r+ASSON. Government- Contractor, Rye.

6MITH'B TASTELES6 DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Is lid. and 28. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, aftei excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer• eurials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280,Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, ls. lid. per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however lx:d the ase . SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

DR. HESELDINE'S FEMALE PILLS Never fail in removing the most obstinate cases of irregu- larity and obstruction, from whatever cause. Boxes md., is. lid., and 2e. 9d., extra strong 4e. 64. Sent direct from DR. HESELDINE, 118, Falcon-road, Clapham Junction, London, or may he obtained from any Chemist or Stores, but to prevent dizappointmeut be sure you ask for and accept o:.ly " Dr. HESELDINE'S Female Pills."

TO MEN WHO SUFFER I'RO3I NERVOUS DEBILITY. JUsT PUBLISIIED. THE CONFESSIONS And Experience of an Invalid, designed as a warning to others; supplying at the same time the means of SELF CURB. by one who cured himself, after undergoing the usual amount of Medical Imposition and Quackery. Single copies may be had gratis by sending a stamped addresaed envelope to the Author.—ARTHUR DixoN, ESQ.. High-street, Hounslow. x

GOOD NEWb FOR LADIES. A LADY, the daugh dr of a late eminent physician, will be 11 pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed euveloye) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper _ ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organb in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the Woald; or sent to any address for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY Lincoln, Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY et SONS London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

THE GRBAT INMAN 2s. 9D. FEMALE MEDICINE. 2s. 9D. Wonderful Remedy discovered by a Married Lady while travelling in the Far Eset. Never fails to remove all irregu larities and ostructions in two hours after all else have failed. Mrs B— writes :—" Your Medicine acted like a charm after two doses, although I had tried in vain other more expensive remedies for over three months." Sufferers will avoid much expense by sending at once 2s. 9d. for a bottle of this extraoralnary remedy. MRS, B. A. BARRINGTON, 4, Featherstone Buildings, London, W.C.

H A WKES'S " 0" " INFALLIBLE, Registered. SOOTHING, HEALING. OINTMENT, BURR CURB for Sore Breasts, Abscess. Sores, Whitlows, Clailblains, Burns, Boils, Ciatherings and all kinds of wounds. , WORTH ITS WEIGHT IN GOLD. Once used no home would be without it. It is invaluable, Of all Chemists price is. lid. per pot, or by post ls. 3d. from the PROPSIBTOB, Thomas HLWICRII, Rayne, Braintree, Essex.

A HANDSOME DOLL'S HOUSE on sale. Taken several ./I._ prizes with it, or will exchange for Plate Camera and Lens.—Apply It. ROBERTS, 117, Everton-terrace, Liverpool. OAK.— Quantity of Memel Oak Noards, ranging from 6tt. to ai inches long, 6 incheswide and from kto I inch thick.—Apply BeiouTwELL's CooPERAGE,Burion-on-Trent. x

ENLARCIHMENIS.—Send Photo (returned uninjured within a week), and 2s, 7d. for 12 by 10 inch size, or 7d. for 15 by 12 inch size, to Loa AND Co., 19, St. Leonard's Terrace, Chelsea. KINIIMATOGRAPHS for animated photographs, the best and steadiest machine on the market, die only mac- hine that does not damage films. Full particulars.--T. H. Rea, Skinner-lane, Leeds.

CHINA -PAINTING.—To Artists and others. Best White V CHINA supplied for decoration. Sample pieces. brushes and sufficient colours, free 3s. Ware gilt and fired at small cost.—ASHTON, BRIGHT & Co.. Trentham Worhs, Longt,n, Staffs.

"T ITTLB GLOUCBSTIIHR." New English Fancy Cheese, .1-4 rich, choice, delicious. 21138 each 2s. 6d. ; double thick Cream, 12oz tin, is. Id. ; Fine Crearh Cheese, 9d. each, two Is. 3d. postage free.—THE GLO'STER DAIRY SUPPLY CO., LIMITED, Glo ster.

CASKS and VATS, two Vats holding 100 barrels each, Nearly new, well hooped with giv vanized hoops. Also quantity of 140 gallon casks, hogsheads, barrels, kilderkilts, firkins ; prices and samples.-- BRIGIITWELL'S COOPERAGE, Burton-on-Trent.

BLINDNESS AND DEAFNESS. TF You suffer from any complaint of the Eyes or Ears, write .1 at once to the most successful, Specialist in England for his pamphlet, showing how you can te cured. Sent any- where on receipt of Stamp. Advice free. Address W. A. MELLOR, 286, Oxford-street, Manchester.

ARVEII, of INt,BNUITY! I The " SIMPLEX " ./-1 TYPEWRITER is the only practical and efficient cheap Typewriter ever put on the market. Useful for the office, the home, or forms a handsome present. In two qualities, viz.—" Improved" Simplex. 14s. 9d. and " Ordinary " Simplex 12s. 9d. each; po.t free—U. GoLhING, No. 2, Salisbury,

RUPTURE. RUPTURE. V)OLW ELL'S pE FECT FITTING TRUSSES. Established 1832, All Kinds made, 2s. 6d , to 21s. LADIES' BELTS, PROLAPSUS SUPPORTS, ELASTIC SD ,CKINGS, &c., &c. Illustrated list post free. H. M. COLWELL, 116, NEW LNG lON CAUSEWAY, LONDON, H.E.

To LADIE3. MACK ENZI FEMALE MEDICINE Will positively remove the most obstinate Obstructions, Irregularities, from any cause in twelve hours. Guaran- teed the most powerful and strongest upon eirth. Failure is Impossible. It acts like magic in the most long-standing and Intricate obstructions. Ladies will save time, trouble and expense by coming to an experienced Specialist at first. Post tree, under cover, securely packed, full directions and advice (4s. 6d.) FOUR SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE, WITH WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF CURE. Mrs. L., of High-st.. Morley, near Leeds, writes :—" One 4s. 6d. packet clued aise atter FOUR MONTHS' anxiety of mind, and after I had tried no less th di five different so- called remedies My sister recommended me to you, and she is equally enthusiastic. Several ladies have told me they have always been cured by you when other firms failed." Send at once or 100 paged Book of Particulars and Testi- monials. which are sworn on oath before Her Majesty's Com- missioner for oaths to be true and genuine. All open to in- spection and £l,OOO given to any charity if one is proved not genuine. Advice willingly free. Mrs. B. MACKENZIE, Trafford House, 83, Dawes-road, Fulham, London, S.W. Avoid Imitations.— Worthless and injurious. Please men- tion this paper.

XMAS FOR is. 30. "The Idea Who'd have thought it ?" " Why, No One but 'PAIN BROTHERS OF HAsTINGS.' " " THE IDEA s'I2EUCK US " that we should like to make the readers of this paper a MARVELLOUS PARCEL OF CHRISTMAS CARDS, to give you SOMETHING WORTH REMEMBER- ING, and we have indeept accomplished it. as you will see below. Simply write on a piece of paper your name and full address, and the words Warrington Examiner" MAR- VELLOUS XMAS PARCEL," and post it, together with Post', I Order Is. 3d. or 16 stamps (a Shilling Postal Order and Three Stamps much preferted). any day before Xmas, and you will receive a.l the following by return. POST FREE " ON APPROVAL "(we repeat," ON APPROVAL "), the CHOICEST AND PRETTIE,T COLLECTION OF ART NOVELTIES ever seen for the money, surpassing in beauty anything before offered, a selection to suit all, sufficient to post to friends and to decorate the mantelpiece, etc., to make the home bright and cheerful for Xmas. All Cards have good and seasonable wishes, and some also have verses and spaces for autographs. Remember, all Parcels are sent on approval. Have one to look at ;if you like it, keep it ; if not, return it, and we will your money in full. Can we say anything fairer than this The first three Cards are worth the small amount charged for the whole parcel. A LOVELY CHOICE "JEIA ELLED" FOLDING CARD of Beautiful Flowers, HIGHLY JEWELLED in bright sparkling ~old or silver (a Real (lem), value Bd. A Pretty Floral Folding Autograph Card, artistic centre, fancy Border etc., 60 An Elegant Voiding Card, Pretty Ch ysanthemums, two Beautifully coloured Butter- flies, giving the Card a striking effect ; or a lovely Card with Coloured embossed Wild Rose, etc., 6d. A. novel and amus- ing clever mechanical " PANORAMIC STANDING CARD" of the ever popular" Little Red Hiding Hood," "Robinson Crusoe." " Sleeping Beauty,"Beauty and the Beast " or" Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves." A Complete "CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME AT HOME." This ingeniously invented Card stands up, pulls out from front to back, something like the concertina principle, and whe, fully extendeu three good scenes appear, showing cut-out figures beautiful scenery,etc., Little Red Riding Hood," " Her Mocher," "The Wolf," etc., or three equally as good scenes in the other favourite and popular Pantomimes Darned; torming a remarkably good re,, resentation of a Pantomime Performance. A good and taking Comic Folding Card, Comically dressed Cat or Kitten and Puppy at Play, .sd. A charming Trifold Card, Marguer- ites or Violets, Art Tinted and Fancy Cut-out Borders, 4d. A PRETTY • JEWELLED" BOOKLET CARD, tied with deli- cate PINK OIL BLUE SILK CURD OR TAc,SELSI lovely Forget-me-nots, Violets, etc., two daiLty leaves inside with wish, verse, and autograph space, 6d. A very Choice Three- fold Card, artistic cut-out Centre or Border in gilt, etc., 6d. A sweetly Pretty Floral Autograph Card ot the new favourite " BLACK AND WAITE" Series gilt wish. etc., 3d. A good laughable Card of Cyclists or Oarsmen. inevitable collision of Cycles or Boats averted by an ingenious fold in the Card, very amusing, 3d. Unique" JEWELLED "Threefold Card, an ORIENTAL SOHN 1., prettily illuminated with t. HINESE LANTERNS, eta., 4d. Another good striking Card, the favourite old-fashioned Fuchsia or Corn Flowtr, very natural, and pretty open-work gilt borders, 4d. Besides all the above are given 6 more Cards, value from id. to 4d each,taken from a large stock ot Folding, Jewelled, Fancy shaped e c., Cards. The whole Contents for Is. 3d. ONLY. POS FREE, and we, ask you to write as early as pos.ible, and thus help to avoid a rush nearer Xmas for this" MARVE LLOt S PARCEL. Our Mottoes ;--" • FORWARD.' WITH CHOICE ARTISTIC DESIGNS AND GREAT VALUE"; and, "A BIG TRADE NW' A BIG PROFIT." hSTIBLIBILED 1889. Address : MESSES. PAIN BRODIERS, Publishers, and Wholesale" Art Traders," Hastings.

MURRI6'S TOLD AND li ON EY The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, au. --- MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. -- MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA-ROAD, mAisicHEsnin, and all Dealers.

LADIES.—A Message for You !! I In all eases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long standing, try the MIRACULOUS and never-failiog Remedy, known all over the world as DASAIAIL'S SPECI- FIC. Thousands of testimonials teNtifying to the Wonderful Cases that have be n relieved by this UNkQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICINE. A Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful. My case was A fearfully obsti- nate one." Copies of testimonials (which tp-e guaranteed genuine under a penalty of 21GO) upon receipt of stamped envelope to A. DASMAIL, Box 376, Langdale House, Walt- hanastow,London. Established nearly 50 years.

ESTABLISHED 1879. CHARLES kjOTTON, SCOTLAND-ROAD (Morra.Anes YARD), WARRINGTON. TURNING, FITTING. SORBWOUT LING, PUNCHING, DRILLING. GENERAL SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Forgings), ao. HORSES CAR) euLLY SHOD. Estimates I ipplied Free.

E. AUKLAND, SENR., MONUMENTAL MASON ANL) SCULPTOR. LEGII-STRRRT AND 180, MANCIHESTRII-ROAD. (Near Cemetery entrance). WARRINGTON. Stone worked by steam power. Designs and estimates sent free. Monuments, Headstones, Crosses, to., always la stock. The cheapest firm in town for porcelain and China Wreaths, Crosses. Anchors, Harps, A/c., to imitate flotilla' flowers. Also Globes and Shades to match. All kinds ot lettering and gilding executed on the shortest notice.

baltsjp gutttan.

Telepnolie : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE , ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. Begs to announce that he has removed his °flees to the more convenient premises NO. 1, BANK STREET, the Ground Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

HOMAS COWDELL, (Fellow of the International Society ,of Auctioneers and Valuers). ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Sales by Auction arranged and conducted on reasonable terms Vain .tionv for Executors Transfer. Life and Fire Insurance effected with prompt settlement.

ePtits; UNIVERSAL CYCLES. The BEST VALUE in the Trade. Every machine warranted for one year, 1896 LADIES' Safeties, fitted with Woodley detachable pneu- matic tyres (guaranteed), gear case, eiressguards, brakes etc., complete. £8 15s. ()d. 1896 GENTS' Safeties, fitted with Woodley detachable pneumatic tyres (guarante-d) etc., £8 15s. Od. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY GUARANTEED. Don't be persuaded to Day £2O for a machine when you can obtain a genuine one (made of the finest materials and best workmanship) for less than half the usual price direct from our factory. Finest and most extensive selection of new and secondhand machines in the world. About 1000 always in stock. Second- hand solid tyred safeties from 153. ; cushion ditto from 305.; pneun.atlc ditto from 60s. Lamps, s valises, and all necessary fittings for cycles at about half ne usual prices, Repairs done on the premises at the lowest rates. Country orders promptly attended to. EDWARDES & FLFXMAN, 3 & 20, Blackfriars-road,London, S.E, Hours-9 a.m. till 9 p.m. The oldest established house in the trade.

PATENTEE AND MAKER OF THE . " ELEGANT " CiYCLE STAND. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY FOR HOME USE. AGENT vOR THE " RUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND OTHER HIGH-GRADE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " OPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOO - ROAD, WARRINGTO N.

WHAT IS TIIE LATE T? YOU CAN GET BETTER VALUE IN OVERCOATS AT THE MANCHESTER TAI:4ORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, THAN AT ANY OTHER PLACE IN THE TOWN. TRY THEM AND SEE.

inuration. _ _ HOME SCHOOL for DEAF CHILDREN, Bank House, Greenlaw, Berwickshire; very highly recommended. TIAIRHAVEN HIGH SCHOOL (for Boys), ST. ANNES 12 ON-THE-SEA. Situation unsurpassed, NEXT TERM September 16. Prospectus on application to the PRINCIPAL CIARLISLE GRAMMAR SCHOOL—Headmaster, F. 3. R. HENny, M.A., late of P ettes College. Edinburgh. oarders received in Headmaster's house. Entrance scholar- ships annually in July; buildings new and well equipped, with southern aspect gymnasium, cricket field, laboratory, fives courts, &c. Boys prepared for all the usual examine_ ons.

HEATH OLD HALL, near WAKEFIELD.—SUPERIOR SCHOOL for GIRL Established 1852. Individual Training and Teaching No cramming. Bracing air, land- scape scenery. large pleasure grounds. Special terms made for Foreign Pupils. View of Hall and Prospectus on appli- cation to Mrs. G. E. KENT. A Governess Pupil can be received.

&tato, 33u5int55e5, fir.

OOD Wheelwright and Blacksmith's BUSIIIIISS for dis- posal ; no goodwal ; genuine.—" X," c/o W. HARKER AND Sox, Spring and Axle Works, Leeds.

141 OR DISPOSAL, Greengrocery, Fish, and Poultry 1: BUSINESS; situate at 69, MAULDETH-ROAD, Withing- ton, near Manchester.

SHOPS TO BE LET or SOLD ; two large freehold shops in High-street, corner of Mill-street, GolLorne.—Apply to TH OXAS TURTON,ROBS Villa, LOWtOH.

ESOSIATIONERY, NEVVSACIENT;Toys; main road; • business increasing ; a bargain.—Apuly 368, ECCLES NEW-ROAD, Weaste, Blanches te,.

910 TRIPE DRESSERS and others.—Works and all 1. Utensils, with permissioß to work tripe, &e., with Traps and Ponies, or withoat.—Apply 12, PumPFlELDß,Liver- pool.

rrOBACCONISTS commencing; See Illustrated Guide L and Catalogue (259 pages) 3d.—TOBACCONISTIV OUTFITT- ING Co., 186 Euston-road, London. (50 years' reputation) Manager, HENRY MYERS. SPLENDID GROCER'S BUSINESS TO BE SOLD. Large corner Shop, two windows, one for butcher's meat. Nicely situated, good connection. Near station, good business town. Moderate price. Good. house. Cause of leaving gentleman retiring, —Address Y 30, Examiner Office, Warrington.

Olustral inotrumnitg.

if ARPS I HARPS I! Purchased, sold, and repaired—J. MILLER, Harp Dealer, 16, Merrion-st., Leeds.

BORD from £l6, Cottage Plano £l4, Alexandre Harmonium, 14 stops, percussion action £l9, Collard Grand £lO, carriage tree.—C. HEAVISIDE. Torquay.

BAM° 'si. BANJOS'S I I MANDOLINBS t MANDO- LINES I:I and GUITARS at wholesale prices. Send for Illustrated Price Lists.—JAMES 19. ALLEN, Uplands, Stroud.

HIGHAM B 6 Tenor Slide TROMBONE ;:engraved, plated with leather case; equil to new.-36 Trafford-road, Salford.

VIOLIN SThINGS le. for 6; Italian 2s. for 6 ; Perfect 35 V for 6 Large reduction to Professors. Wholesale list ol Violins,. Cellos, Mandolines, strings etc. free.—PEacnsi VIO LIX SYNDICATit, 66, Lady Margaret-road, London. N.W. x

I MPROVhD WATERPROOF OIL SHEETS, for covering carts, wagons, ricks, threshing machines, engines, lcc. Over 1,900 well-seasoned. COVERS stocked ; 4 by 3 yils„ 185.; 5 by 3, 221. ; 6 by 4, 365. ; 6 by 5, 455, :7 by 5, 525. ; 8 by 6, 725. ;. marked name and address; Reaper and hay-trussing Twines, Roofing Driving Bands, samples free. Awarded 17 gold and silver medals. Maker to H.M. the- queen and the Prince of WaIes.—ANDBEW POTTER, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton.

WALKE it BROTHERS, LIMITED. Staff.erdshire GAL- VANISING Works. WAsall, manufacturers of Gal- vanised Corrugated Sheets, Iron Roofs. Farm Buildings. iron Hurdles' Fencing, Wire Netting, &c.. Stock of slightly de- fective sheeta, practically as good as new, Ut by 2ft at 11d, eash. Other sizes in propettion. ns

AN IMPROVED WROUGHT IRON PENCE for cottage an tense° property, Ps. Bd. a yard; cheaper than wood. Iron Hurdles, Gates, Window Grilles, Ornamental Palhadiug, Kennel hailing, ae.-4011.141, ELvirti.r.., City Iron- wot•ks„ Sheepcote-street, Birmingham. Contractor to H.M. Government and the Principal Railway Companies. CARTHIDGES. 12 and 16 bore, carefully and reliably loaded under personal supervision. with the very best ,1 black powder and chilled shot, all best English cases and wadding • Brown 65., Blue 75., Green Bs, per 100. SHORE LESS POWDER CAWIRIDGES, Brown 83., Blue 83. 6d.. Salmon or Pink, gas-tight, Eta. 6d. per 100; carriage paid on 600. Illustrated Catalogues of Guns and Sporting Requisites, post free.—W. DARLOW. Gunmaker, Bedford.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BALLYMENA, LINEN and DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, beg to inform their former Patrons and the Public generally that their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, IS NOW OPEN with a JOMPLETE STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DA ItASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETIN GS, PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-HANDKERCHILES, also GENILbI- MEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS, and LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTH- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which they will ELL at Bona-tide MAN UFACTURERS' PRICES, All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No one importuned to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SO LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, OF BELFAST, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WLND., SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NEI:MOT:1 DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN. LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS, &C. As a General Family Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. Heads of households should always have a box by them to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those' under their charge, as by paying attention to the regular action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels,many a severe illness• is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring. the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do not be. persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. Prepared oniy by W. LAMBE/LT, 173, Seymour Place, London, W.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT IE-TANDY, GRANT'S MORELLA CHERRY BRANDY. HAVE YOU EVER TASTED THIS DELICIOUS LIQUEUR, WHICH IS MADE FROM THE FAMOUS KENT MORELLAS ? QUEEN'S QUALITY.—For general use. Good tonic. b PORISMAN'S QuALITY.---For exercise in the open. air. Sold everywhere: Ask for GRANT 6, and don't be put off with interior makes. THOMAS GRANT, & SONS, Maidstone.

Ebr " OKamintr ". -6Strirs OF LA.NDASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises rr HE Warrington and Ilid-Cheshile Examiner, pub- lished every baturday morning. TEarlestown and .Newton Examiner, published HE every Friday biternoon. rII.IIE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday. I_ afternoon. r I 'HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Satur- day morning, and TE la nes .t.x aminer, published every Saturday. 1 morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. 2s. 6d...4,. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. ld. ... ss. OA. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise- ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

THE EXAMINEE. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21st, 1896$

So-re Throats " You cannot do better than gargle with " CONDY." Sir Morell Mackenzie, M.D. (Consulting Physician to the late Entfieror of Germany.) Gargle CON DY'S with Remedial FLUID.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE High-st., Newtel POSTMASTER Mr.Jantes Jordall Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p. 01,1 The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. L' 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. c PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 24," 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30, and 3-30 p.O LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with OrdP nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m. 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 21: 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 am. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m. 7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m. Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Serie town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the PI) time as letters.

TOWN DBLIVBRIES AS FOLLOWS :- 1 To I I By • Callers. I Postirnetl.„ 7-0 a.ra•

- r-e- AsTsvinliaza3r 1. , s , -, • 7 _ 1 ....x, 1 ... t• 11 ;2. ,;iiiih::- --* , i i \ - - - ","',-.• ' .(4.4-=` '''' •..--._.: - >: >6 1 >,- • ,>> r > i • • 1 - ' 4 F ' "ore- - "•• x ',----•%'4 . / ... . : -----..: •.--.. : \ •>• :>> •/.;...., sis GREAT SPECIF!C FOR Liver Troubles—Gail-Stones. MANCHFSTFR. I.FVF:NSHULME. 4 Belvoir Villas. I have pleasure in testifying to the benefit re- ceived from the use of Warner's Safe Cure and Safe Pil s. I had been a sufferer for a long time from Gall-stones. I had two doctors and a physician, and was given up. I was at the point of death when a friend came and told me to try Warner's Safe Cure, and I did so. I had 21 bottles. After the first one I felt relief, and have felt better ever since. Mrs. S THORNTON. Price 2a. 9d. and 4s. 6d. per bottle.

LADirq. r ISPENSABLE TO LADIES.T P"u-'-'... who desire a quick safe and reliable remedyfor all obstructions and irregw larities, a medicine which cures (-usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair as the most obstinate &hopeless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: " Your invaluable remed_y took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopeless- ness." A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with all testi- monials end medicine. One package at 4s. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope for particulars and proof-s. I will forfeit ElOOO for every testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to— ils( Act) Ain& E IF9FtEciPif__, MIBUICAL INSTITUTE. HACKNEY ROAD (OPposito ilhoreditch Church). London. NM,

POLISHING-A PLEASURE I WFIANLGNEOR STPHENSON T m 94. E ,04-, ts A MARK. .-- , jt. FURNITURE t .:•••:i.:-...-42/ / CREAM. ~...:.,:......:i.4m4b, ' .- ii,,,,..::.•,,' :......:::::L. ~ 4', ..,.' ,4-.l:,•'' -..--,-. ' ir-2,>---: '':'' :.- ! .„,,,,t-y.„,:f=:-.-- .',,.--,--,----_-';‘-'''.':,.---7.-7: 11.1116Q;A:;,,, f iliiiil6• 1 ', '''':, ' '''''' -. ~,,..,''''' ''. ' ,42:- •••••:,.• .+,' ' • ,' ' ''.-'•:-:;47,::•":7-:: ..41,7e / .1 by Che2nists, Grocers, and Ironmongers. .ne Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD

• If S. NOE\ J,U2141.‘,S NC: 1 DR . ,•• Ask your Grocer for free Sample. DIASTASED FARINA FOOD.), A New and Very Superior Food for Infants, Delicate Children and Invalids. The great desideratum of .a Food for Infants, Delicate Children, and Invalids, is easiness of digestion simplicity of preparation, and power of rewiring strength; for these purposes DIASTAS ED FARINA is superior to any other food Sold by all Chemists, 116 per Tin. MANUFACTIIIIM I Falcon Works E. Beanes 0 Co., . , de Hackney WiCir, YURI MARK. % .London, E. %‘.

The Rome correspondent of the " Daily News" says : —ln aristocratic circles here for the last few days there has been much talk about the elopement of a primes.. Only to-night (Monday), however, do the papers openly state that Princess Elvira, daughter of Don Carlos, has eloped with Count Folchi, an artist, a married man, and a member of the Clerical Society. The iPrincess fled from the palace cf Princess Massimo here, where she has been visiting. She tonk with her all her jewels,aniount- ing to an immense sum in value.

SHOPFITTERS & SHOWCASE MAKERS All who intend OPENING SHOPS should apply to the Actual Manufacturers, CHAS. JOSEPHS ik CO 5 NEW OXFORD ST., LONDON, W.C. Estimates and Plan Free.

NIMMYYMYMTgI'ITMMYYMMITIIIIIMMIIITMMMTKiL4 ›....., ffg PP ri-c. ,-) ,-' >OA HE in cAsT,r..,,s .„..., , )..G. i Toirmcco MILD. . . ~.., ..,, FRAGRANT. >Ol4 Tlc< .3t'li MI L 0 EV FE1?I12 CUT (Green Label) E,...E "' Specially adapted for Cigarettes. Ec-F Ec)--"fc-‹ ...,,_ E.< . ,;'ALt---1711U & COARSE CUT- (Yellow Label) Lc.< , >.o] Strongly recommended for Pipe Smoking. .1,...,E >O--_,, Both kinds are solid in 1-oz. & 2-oz. square Packets, and in N-Ib. Patent Air-tight Tins. >Ol, W. D. &H. 0. WILLS, LTD., BRISTOL & LONDON. AUXXXXXXXXaWAXXXXXXXXXUALUXUXIXXXXXXXXWXXXX,t,Withatt MK-

, ‘, : THE WORLD'S GREATEST '• ' ,'-...' c=4: , r ~ ,‘ COSTUMIERS. , , .( , . , . , " , . , -, ' • . I N * 1' * .• /0 , "1, , • ~ , : , . , A. , • r • . THE LONDON MANUFACTURERS..t.- ''AV,!$ THE HALF-GUINE, COSTUMES OF THE fl NEW :I.,ESIGNS ,# A / ~.., . ~, N AkiP 0 11 ihaM g..... 5.11 •' "a MA t E k , ;,/ ~, , . : BETTER STYLES AND BETTER . :, , • 4 VALUE THAN EVER. ri" .) in our Celebrated ‘, SPECIALITE SERGE, . ~.., ir , ;' \ made -! .., jar unsurpassed for wear and durability. All shades: - ' - Black, Navy. Cinnamon, Fawn, Brown, Drab, ' - - Grey, Petunia, Bronze - Green, Myrtle, Ruby. Design NO. 300. Design No. 260. Electric-Blue, &c. WRITE FOR PATTERNS which will be sent Post Free together with our new Illustrated "SKETCH BOOK," shewing all our latest Novelties in COSTUMES, JACKETS, CAPES, tic. In ordering Costume, please give number of Design selected, also the following measurements :—Neck to waist at back, round bust under arms, length of skirt in front, inside sleeve and size of waist. Money returned if not approved. Each costume securely packed and sent carriage paid, 9d. extra. ALLEN FOSTER & CO., 17, ROSCOE STREET, LONDON, THE LONDON MANUFACTURERS Please mention th!* Tz.N:.rk

ALL well dressed LADIES wear' MOORE) S XNAi.;:le*-1'::...5• (PATENT) ITA )) ii, 1 . ..,rP, ,•,, ' HAIR , ' FASTENER , 4 , - ~,:, ~ A , Because it. —. .. ... - , . ,;, A comfortable, „,..';.,,,',".!..".47 easily adjus- A., ,!!‘i..gf:.olP ted.andeloesl p -• ' ."'" out break ori 1 . , sy I ~- /.4 2,/‘ e hair. ( the 71 PRICY.— Of all Hairdressers or Drapers, or sent direct on receipt of 7 stamps. THE PATENT HAIR FASTENER Co.. 1 BIRMINGHAM. . _

I On reoelpt of a Post Card, the Proprietors of , HINDE'S HAIR CURLERS', will mail you a copy of a little booklet entitled "HINTS to the BOUDOIR," together with a sample of their newest pattern 'l'. Hair Curler. Address Requests to— 1111MOE'S, Ltd., Metropolitan Works, BIRMINGHAM. 'i•

GIVEN AWAY. tio SWINDLE 1!! Nu iiA4fl,;:i 11 11U T A HANDSOME SILVER - - WATCH - - - o 41) irk U SHOULD H T HAND FROM BUY H E SOME ME We sell to advertise, and, in order to bring before the general public our Standard Watches, we would call your att.mtion to the above puzzle Those who send the answer correct, enclosing a stamped envelope with address (to let you know the result), and if correct you buy one of our Solid Silver Chains, we will present you free with one of our Genuine Silver Standard Watches, list price together with a beautiful velvet-lined case. Try and puzzle this out cot. Wetly, study the conditions, and become the to ssessor of a splendid ww_cli Alth chain in case. ADDRESS :—WARD & Co., GRAY'S, NEAR LONDON

ROBINSON A CLEAVER Shirt & Collar Makers, BELFAST, REFIT OLD SHIRTS With Fine Linen Neckbands, Fronts, and Cuffs for 14e. per half dozen. 'AVMs for Price Lists, Linen. HandkerShiets, Collars. &., Post Pres.

.... Gas-Making •,,,,...• _ (-: 1! 11'1,4' Machines. ,I.- ~ - „ „ .EUULLER's Alpha ',l,l4Prfrilre 'Oh G MIC g -TA. Patent as-- a tri ~r, t.;_i•--,Ati., _..) . Machine,dso Bfuori:l lighting o .aol r,, r • • Ili; :-- ~ """.....166 kin dings ut Coal Gas. Write ~ iv,. --, reach of fprospectus to ra H. L MULLER, -- __-_ BIRMINGHAM. --

AA GOOD FANili) CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take Eome good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. Coc KLE3s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIB.ILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. Alk; ILLs .E For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

y A , • V PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZ A, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &a. The Ointment is a sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS., BRUISES,. SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, ecc.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

IRISH LINENt.. IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Flemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/1 per dozeh ; made specal to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER 'APKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4id. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L(NEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUM MER AND , EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISHTWEED, allan dP su tr yeieli.'oopl.leaUsnessaurvpaifssfeodr fLoardSietsr,enogrtGhe,iDiravc.b,eilaitry IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 201- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO.?, '-iLARNE3 IRELAND.

EINTGLAS7BI-703HEM 73/EST: 8EN,,,.,,t,.,,,,, 5 1.2.: :::: ENGLISH WATCHES-in Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, Strength, and Value. Thousands of Testimonials have been received. BENSON9S I ENSON'S 3E ilantsika 7...amTs3m Tere. yle.ss Ertglish. Lelrev "LUDGATE" '.;':' ATCH 6 6 BA:::-4.K" WATCH. In Silver Cases. In 18-ct. Gold Cases. In In Silver Cases. .(iil /''. . Silver Ca.ses i 5 : 5 , ..=., . , , , . A= - --, _ il2l 12 £5 . ii-,. £5 _... 0e : ' _•,, ':\cp , • \ OLD, .. i WATCTIES of ,;s Aisr a:Manumit> r. i ' AND , JEWEL- , Selections .' ~ NI Watelaes or .' : • 1,, -' EX- ' 1 i ' :I CHANGE. , , 1,,,,,9: ' • ... , , ~ , sent free on , ~ 1 1 All Goods receipt of ' /'''" I i . ~1 ,il , ' ~.,,..- 4-• .:h., ..----. - ~ / raference. ~ /,,• ~ ~. , : Approved - • t, , ' / 1 ~ • h , '•• , ILL . . ..-1,.....,;.....,-/ // z, onenp.,sL Strongest and most Durable London A good Knockabout Wateh for rouh wear at a. made THREE-QUARTER PLATE ever sold low price. Best London made, Three-Quarter Plate An English Lever, Jewelled with 13 Rubies, Chrons- English Lever, Large, Chronometer Balanoe, Jewelled meter Balance. Patent Large Barr el, and Damp and in Rubies, Strong Keyless Action. Dust Proof Ring Band. Price £5 ss. An Exact Timekeeper, and better value than any Keeps better time than, and is double the Strength Keyless Watch sold for £lO. and Value of, any £5 ss. Watch made. Silver Cases, with Strong Crystal Glass. In Sterling Price L 5, in Extra Strength, Sterling Silver, Crystal Made in Four Sizes at one Price, £5 55. :• --No. 1, 'Glass Cases. Gentlemen & Youths; No. 2, Working Men; No. 3, BENSON'S ENGAGEMENT RINGS, in Half. Railway Men and Miners (as illustrated); No. 4, Ladies. Hoop, Marquise,Gi)seY and all other designs, In massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, set with Brilliants, Rubies, Emeralds, Pearls, Sap- Gentlemen's size, 12 I2s. Lady's size. LIO 10s. phires, Opals, Turquoise, &c., &c., or in plain gold. and at ray risk, to all parts of the World ALL WATCHES AND JEWELLERY sent post free, on receipt of Draft, Cash. or P. 0.0., payable at 0:1),O. SEND FOR BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 2s. to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, '''' ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, PLATE, &c., &c. Sent pest free on application to J . W . BENSON, EL WATCHMAKER and JEWELLER TO M. THE QUEEN and ROYAL FAMILY. Steam Factory: 62 •Sa 64, 7-4113DGIS.TE I-KILICA, And 28, ROYAL EXHANGE, E.C., and 25, OLD BOND STREET, W., LONDON. WATCH, &c., CLUBS —Applications for agencies invited. Easy system, no risk.

• , , /. , ~. ! ',. , , ,t, ' \ \s, \• . , ,*, , ~‘ 414, ~7 , :' • . . i ~ \ \ ‘,. ,\, , , ~\ , ' •,, ,' f /if ; . ~,ito ,', n ' 41 /I ' - . ' 11 1, 1 -:i 11 rl, r,t /// / 7• 7 / •,, li ...s • \ \ \\, '\ - , \\\ ''\'"ll I I 1 i P . ' i / \ '\ , AIL ' i i , \ ~ . ~ ,/, , i/ , ~/,;/ ego- • ' ' / I . ..,,...., , \ \ '', '' • \ elk_...tf* leg HIV 1 iiii!. thl.:l4‘///iii. ////://411 `:* .\\. \ \ V‘ViV WA" ,' ,/A/ 6' .**;'', • / '''s -..,\ ,s ' Vt V '• //' // i `,/ 1 •:.--\ \ \,\N ‘, \ ' ''' ' ' i /4(//,''- `N.,,,,,,. ' ... ' • , . / , / /k/' ; , -...,,. v.; \ •. i , / /,' ' ,;'• . r ` , ~.. \ \ \C. , ' ~,,,,,. ,s-N,...., 1 '•„,o______ , N s, N , ' I ''

No expense is spared. to make our "D.C.L." Yeast perfect both for home use and Bakers' requirements. If you have not tried it send toile. for Booklet of Instructions. Sole Manufacturers: THE DISTILLERS Co., Ltd., EDINBURGH AlwoLys gask for 61

These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam of Co- paiba, Cubebs or Injections, S" T 44 and cure In 48 hours the same diseases without inconvenience. 4/6 of all Chemists. 411 I D Or post free, WILCOX & CO., 83, Mortimer Street, Great Portland Street, LONDON, W.

ToEspecially to those who wish to LA I 4 know of a sarc, certain, and a speedy remedy for all Irregular- TOiwtigisciEitndunoctsrutteionms6sat remedyryn . LAD' TO o s TlcircumstancesNATEdAus.,7lEildi and NEVER FAILS most LAO TO generally TO l AFFORD In ap RELIEF, hours. LAD TO 2.1i0m lc, af....syef limiseqhfl FAILUREis yilrlsS. 0 er- TO well, writes; By adopting your treaastment AD TO anxietyTiYafe an hours,d miseryl, a....oughwfor over three months I had been daily LAD Itva.v.igdillifsttencd,uoatnhteirytyhoin„gssenl7 LAD T forraendd effective. ,to my intense A SWORN GUARANTEE Is en- LAD T closed with all testimonials and medicine which is inexpensive, as LADI T one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by post, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any case. LAD 0 marIMPORTANT vlleus preparation WARNING. Bilill I 0 LARGEST SALE OF ANY FEMALE MEDICINE IN THE WORLD.a suc- cess achieved by MERIT ALONE. LAD LAD T uaz pleasant to c 1E1141,11 perfectlyl l LADI T ACTION, and readers are CAU- TIONED against worthless and AD Injurious imitations. Conclusive T .Mr on uladrleye efioprtw of forwarded ci1..,0e sasnou envelope gratis and post. free. a AD 1 0 Is6wctscoßtEgloGu GrailliaTEeEDl Di 0 It may save you from a life of misery and bitter disappoint- ment. LADI TQ WRITE TO-DAY privatelg tO— Mrs. M.M.M LAB Tu ~ 145 STOCKWELL ROAD, LAD r.,OI\TDOIsT, 8.-Vtr.

GOVERNMENT ARMS, ACCOUTRE. MENTS, CLOTHING, STORES, , &O. Government Clothing :—Great Coats, 7/6; Scarlet Turdcs, ;/8; jackets z/x • Grey Capes, silo; ' Glengarries id.; Waterproof Hoods and Capes, rod. Police Clothing :—Great Coats, /6;5 Trousers, '/9; Leggings, 2/-; Lanterns, 9d. ' • &c. Arms as actually used by the French during the Franco-Prussian War :--Chasse- pot breech-loading Rifles, 8/- each; Swords, with brass handles and steel scabbards, tri- ; Lances, 4/. ; Navy Zloarcling Pikes, 2/7; British Government Camp Equipment: —Army bell Tents, 404 t. in circumference, with pole, pegs, pug mallet, and z-tn, lines, in bag complete, ready for USE, 27/6 each; Brown Army Blankets, 7-ft. by 5-ft. 8-in., r/6; Waterproof Sheets, 3-ft. by 6 ft., z/6; Muss Tins, 3d.; &c. British Government Harness: Heavy Cart Harneis, ji 15s. 641.; Gear Harness, Ai re.; Trooper's Riding Saddles, complete, 12/6 each; Bridles, 3/3; Head coLars, ; Leather Surcingles, 'l3; Nose Bags, venblated, complete with buckle and strap, 311. ; &c. NOW Harness :—Full-size Gig, complete, ..C.3 155.; Demr Hogskin, Riding Saddles, complete Le ss. ; Curtains, Carpets, Lim Curtains, pyds. long, se-ins. wide, 2/4 Per Pair_ i; Caapets, a-yds. by 3-yds., 35. each; Rugs to match, Bd.; &c. e Illustrated Price List free es atplicatims is 'JARDINE, Nottinggliarri.

DON'T COUGH—JUST USE DON'T COUGH—JUST USE "A SIMPLE FACT. There is absolutely no remedy that is so speedy in giving relief, so certain to cure, and yet the most delicate can take them. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, "ANY DOCTOR WILL TELL YOU," there is ncl better Cough Medicine than KEATING'S LOZENGES. One gives relief; they will cure, and they will not injure your health. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY. Sold everywhere in 131 d. tins. STOP FOR PARRY'S GREAT FURNITURE SALE. Catalogue now ready, post free on application. Address: 20, DOWNING-STREET. MANCHESTER. Mahogany Sofa. Gent's and Ladies' Easy and 4 small Chairs sft. Sideboard with massive plate-glass back, brown oak 2 Z Stuff back Dining-room Suite in saddlebags, quite new 5 5 Solid Rosewood Drawing-room Suite of 9 pieces, in hair 4 Solid Walnut Dining-room suite of nine pieces, real morocco 6ft. Solid Mahogany Dresser, with brass handles 2 16 6it. Extending Dining Table, with patent screw Large Mahogany Wardrobe, with bevelled plate centre door 41g Pair of Mahogany Stands, fixed glass and marble slab, en castors 1 18 4ft. Enclosed Washstand and Messing Table, with swing glass sft. 2-door wardrobe, three chairs and rail, the lot 2 18 Handsome 7ft. Burr Walnut Bedroom Suite, cost 90gs 29 0 Black and Mass Full-size Bedsteads. and Mattress com- plete 40 1

SU N INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1895.—£390,775,030. Forell particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere 8c Son, Bridge-et. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Tow.-. Market Gate Chambers

ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB. RAILWiY ACr;IDUNT-i. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST, BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPITAL £1.000,000. COMPENSATION PAID £3,600,000, 64, CORNHILL , LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. W. H.RICI- RY, Nesse fife, Victoria Road Latchford St. Helens Mr, J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Bandbach . Mr. R PINLOW,Rookery Bridge

JOHN WALKER & Co., UNDERTAKE ' PRINTING! PRINTING ! PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BUILDNG SOCIETIES. HINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING • FOR CO RPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR ME RCHANTS, PRIM .SG FOR LOAN OFFICES PRINTING FOR ALL. Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts soirees, Balls, &c.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Head Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, /to. Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give trial. PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVEATHAN " PLACARD. EXAMINER" OFEICE,

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments'unneeessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost fot work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETFI. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, Gt.C.TIGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TL ESDAYS, at Mrs. MBEs WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, On FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-BT.

DEATHS. JACKSON. —November 4th. at Percy-street, Warrington George Jackson, aged 28 years HEALER. —November sth, at Baxter-street, Warrington, William Thomas Healer, aged 30 years. BIDDLEEITONE .—November 6th. at Catherine-street, Warring- ton, Charles Eiddlestone, aged 32 years. FAIRDROT HE R.—November 6th, at Ellesmere-street, Warring- ton, Ellen Fairbrother, aged 40 years. TIVNAN. —November 7th, at Priestley-street, Warrington. Ellen Tivnan, aged 36 years. BACKE° If/lE.—November 9th, at Orchard-street, Warringtens. Thomas Backhouse, aged 67 years. CALLAN.—November 10th. at Rose anti Cro7n-street, War'' rington. John Callan. aged 44 years. CLAR E.—Novem be r 1 lth, at Eldon-street, Warringten,Willialo -Clare, aged 36 years.

FRIARS GREEN, WARRINGTON (Opposite ,Arpley Station). S. T. W ARD AND CO., MONUMH TAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. IC., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Piezes, Monuments. Tollitl Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite, Marble, Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
