===== 0002601_18960502_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Co.'s

-1 ,ALE IR-COURSO T. AND

on appllcatiolia LE.

but may

t .nd the CO

moderate

endauts.

to by the sia

30 gallons

MEET

'R EET,

Mrs. 31°Sj SANlcsl.°

:DG-BT. :NABSBI4I.

_....

vie Church. 0 a Mattbeso

td. SOU he Old VT'' rirz. Br°ll.ol 72 you.' A Pr. ngton, jo ington. Warri)474 VP' ringtoth , Viarriarao Viarr93F- Jot# (Al' •••••11". riftlos°tOlA iesvor4lol': ree-le'rnir T 09714

===== 0002601_18960502_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
'HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Sliver, Diamonds, Sheillel4 and Bleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, ao. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.liarris Gibson). 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool

IVORTH WALES,—Furnished House to Let; two sitting 1.1 rooms, four bedrooms, kitchen ; close to the sea; splen- did beach, bracing sea, and mountain air.--Apply Mrs. MMUS, Marta Nevin, North Wales.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
T"EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, RINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES.

ATALVERN LINK SCHOOL, SNIA.JL HOME JL SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas yearly. Healthiest pl ce in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the ape tal care .r Principal's wife, who is very succealful in their t,aiii'ng. There having been no medical visit durini the last ten years,—AddressDr. AVBI.N.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

BEWSRY STREET. WARRINGTON THE NEW REGULATION POST CARD

WITII PRINTED HEADING, FROM 3/9 PER 1 000 1 .

TI I E WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DIIVORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON IME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HF.At. OFFICI; : Arpley Station, Warrington. ' Telephone 19, 1 Tel. Acidresa, Arpley, Warrington, I Warrington.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST-CLASS FURN BEDROOM FURNITURE. NNW SHOW R 00353. woßnßrs. 600 lIRDROO4 SUITS& woasuars SKOOND-HAND FURNITURB. BEDROOM FURNITURE. WALNUT, ASH, MAHOGANY BEDROOM SUITES, 503.

WORSLEY'S have added an additional series of Show Rooms for BRDIIOO3I FURNITURR, and the present selection is al.ogether beyond precedent or pa ant!, both In Tarirty ot style and excellent value for money. bed- Mom Suites from £7 7s. to £.320 ; 550 suites to select from.

_ woltstki'6 BEDSTO PERSIAN, ITALIAN, FRENCH BEDSTEADS. WORSLEY'S. THE LARGEST STOCK OF BEDSTEADS IS NORTH OF ENGLAND.

WORSLEY'S BRASS BEDSTEADS. BLACK & BRASS BRDSTRADS. WORSLEY'S. THif LARGEST SELECTION. WORSLEY'S, OUT OP LONDON. THH PANTHEON. THE,LARGIIST CONTRACTS EVER PLAORD.

WOR S LEY'S.

\VORSLEY'S has now received delivery of the immenie contracts placed by them with the leading Bedstead Manufacturers to saw, the 10 per cent. advance which has just taken place throughout the bedstead trade. This 10 er cent aiht the discount allowed Wot sley's for the enormous contracts, are allowing Woreley's to at present offer Bedsteads at 20 pe, ctnt under the market price. It is no exaggeration to say that the Bedstead contracts placed by " Woreley's " clused the greatestexcltement in Birmingham, being one of the largett ever placed in that town.

FURNITURE. SECOND-HAND. FIRST-CLASS FURNITURR. WORSLRY'S FURNITURE FOR COTTAGE. MANSIONS FURNISHED. WORSLEY'S THE PANTHEON.

H. W. H. WORSLEY presents his compliments to young and old alike. be their purses fat or slender, and asks them to hie unto the Pantneon,where they are sure to meet with whit they require, be it a single articleor a house furnished throughout.

WORSLEY'S, CARPET FACTORS. CARPETS. INDIA. CA RP FITS. PR qii lAN. CARPETS. BRUSSELS. ALL BIA/inS OF CARPETS IN .STOCK.

AATORS LEY'S, TIIE PANTHEON; GAYTHORNII. .V V

WORSLEY'S has just made great alterations In their Carpet Department, and have made ruuch more room for the display of their stock, one of the largest in Manchester, hey are now offering Turkey. Indian, Axmin- ster, Wilton, Brusse s and Tapestry Carpets, all purchased befbre the advance hi Carpets took place.and are consequently being offered at much under the market value.

WORSLEY'S MANCHESTER, MANUFACTURERS OP BLINDS. OUTSIDE BLINDS, WORSLEY'S.

WORSLEY'S MANUFACTURE EVERY DIioCRIPTION OF BLINDS for Indoor and out door use.

TUB BRST SELECTION IN TIIII NORTH. FIRST-CLASS FuRNITuRtd. WORSLEY'S. WORBLEY'S SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. KITCHEN FUR VITUItE. WORSLEICS. A PCIALITY AT THE PANTHEON, DRAIVI.N 0-rtoohr FUItNITURR.

WOR=LEY'S DRAWING-ROO3l FURNITURE. —ln this department Mr. W II Worsley specially in- vites attention, as it is certainly the Largest Drawing-man showroom out of London, and is filled from floor to ceiling with Cabinets Corner Cabinets, Suites oovered in Clenol velvet, silks, brocatelles, and ever/ conceivable covering ; Cosy Corners, Overmantels, Occasion Chairs. Fancy Tables, &c.. both new and second-hand, and selected with the greatest care, ever 3 thing of the latest design and up to date.

_ WOESLEY 'S CABINETS,

COSY CORNERS. THE PANTHEON. FURNITURE OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. woEsLEY'S TEE PANTHEON. THE BEST SELECTED. THE BEST ASoRTED. THE LARGEST ST9 'IC OUT OF LONDON. WORSLEYS NEW FURNITURE, WORSLEY'S SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. THE P‘NTHRON. GAYTHoRNE. NEAR CENTRAL STAIION, MAN-CHESTER...

===== 0002601_18960502_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
MC f)OUG ALL'S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR MABBATTRISTRY

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

ASK : "Do you understand French ? " Wag- staff : "I do when I speak it."

"THERE goes a man who keeps his word." "He does?" " Yes ; no one else will take it." QUILP : "That man is at the very top of his profession, I cau tell you." Steerforth : "What is he 1" Quilp : "He's a steeplejack." MISTRESS: "Did you manage to find the basket of eggs that was on the pantry floor, Kate ?" Servant "Oh, yes, mum—aisily. I shtepped in it."

BIBBS : "Who was the man you gave that half- crown to at the hotel this morning ?" Gibbs: "An old literary friend of mine; author of How to Get. Rich.' "

A.: "How do you know that Alaler has come in for a fortune ?" B.: "Why, formerly people always. said he was crazy, now they say he's

_ _ original." - Parrs: "Why does Wheeler always ride his bicycle in front of the doctor's house ? ' Watts: "He is a beginner, and wants medical attendance handy in case of an accident." No matter whether a man's life results in absolute failure or complete success, plenty of people who had predicted it can always be found. A GROWING Evri...—Mrs. Biggs; "You remem- ber that organ-grinder you gave a penny to a week ago if he would stop playing? Well, he came round to-day and wanted sevenpence." Biggs: "Great Soot! What for !" Mrs. Biggs: Ile said he hadn't been here for a week !"

HOUSEKEEPER: "Pretty specimen you are to ask for help! The dirt on you is an inch thick." Tramp: "Yes, mum, times are werry hard, mum, and funera4 expenses comes high. I'm leaving it on so when my time comes I won't need burying."

As old Dutch tavern-keeper, who had his third

wife, thus expresses his views of matrimony "Veil, you see, de first time I married for lofe— dat vas goot; den I marries for peauty—dat vas goot, too, about as goot as the first; but this time I marries for money, and dis is petter as poth." THE DOMESTIC SERVANT PROBLEM. —" Come over to -dinner to-night, old man?" "Won't to- morrow do ? " "No. We've just got a new cook, and she may not be with us to-morrow." NEVER SATISFIED.—Wife: "Thomas, I wish you would let me have £5." Husband. "All right, my dear; here's a LIO note for you." Wife: "Oh, thank you, Thomas; but you forgot to pay me the 3d. you borrowed of me the other day when you were short of change." THE HUSBAND (on his death-bed) : "My darling, when I am gone, how will you ever be able to pay the doctor's bills ? " The Wife: "Don't worry about that, dear. If the worst comes to the worst, I can marry the doctor, you know." _ _ _

_ A BUSINESS VIEW. Business Man: "By George, it's going to rain. Here, you! I'd like an umbrella. You'll sell me one of those cheap, won't you?" Honest Umbrella-Mender: "Dose umbrel not mine." Business Man: "I know. Thatie why I thought you'd sell them cheap." THIS STORY IS FIVE HUNDRED YEARS OLD.—A countryman sowing his ground, and two young fellows riding that way; one of them, with an insolent air: "Well, honest fellow," said he "it is your business to sow, but we reap the fruits of your labour." To which the countryman replied: It is very likely you may, for I am sowing hemp." AN INDEFINITE PHRASE. —" I am in receipt of a princely- income," said the suitor for Miss Cool. cash's hand. "Better state figures, young man,"

replied Mr. Cooolcash ; "the last prince who pro- posed for Miranda had to borrow his fare home when she refused him." "WELL, Giles, I'm very pleased to see that my course of sermons has been the means of bringing so many country folks to our church." "Aye, indeed, zur. They was just a-talking o' it now at the Dragon." And what did they say ?" "They said as 'ow we never knowed wot sin was -until you cum'd among us." PHILANTHROPY AT SMALL COST. Friend : "Say, old boy, how in the world did you, with your small income, get such a reputation as a great philanthropist?" Sharpp : "I announced far and wide that I would pay the railroad fares of all the unemployed who wished to go to work on farms." " Well?" "Well, total expense so far ten

cents. EXPENSIVE LUXURIES. --Goodfello : "See here, Gayboy, you are killing yourself here at your desk. No man can stand working night and day all the year round." Gayboy : "Can't help it. I must have money." Goodfello : " Money ! You talk of needing money.. Why, you own one of the finest yachts in New York waters." Gayboy : " Yes ; that's why I need money." CAPPED.—Apropos of boasters, Dean Hole tells a story of an acquaintance of his at Oxford who once wrote him a note beginning—" My Dear Countess," and then scratched out "countess." substituting "Hole." Not to be outdone, the witty Dean began his reply—" My Dear Queen," and then drew his pen through "Queen" and sub- stituted "Dick." HIS WAY.—" Was your husband good to you during your long illness?" inquired the kind lady who was making a charity call. "Oh, yes, indeed, ma'am !" replied the poor woman; "as good as could be. He was more like a friend than a husband." COWWIGGER : "You seemed rather amused over the idea of your wife wearing knickerbockers." Smith: "You would be amused yourself if you could have seen her when she tried to find some- thing in her work basket, and emptied the contents into her lap." A CORNITCOPIA.—" Where," said the land agent, addressing an audience of, possible purchasers— "where else on the face of the globe will you find in one place copper, tin, iron, cotton, hemp, grain, game "---- .And a voice from the crowd replied, In the pocket of my youngest son." LONGHEAD "Madam, I wish to draw your Attention to the sad case of a poor family. The father is too old to work, the mother is bedridden, and the five little children are crying for bread. To cap all, the poor creatures are about to be turned out into the street, unless some one pays their arrears of rent, amounting to £5." Mrs. . Kindheart : " How terrible ! Here is the money for the rent. By the way, may I ask who you Are ? " Longhead (as he disappears) : "Certainly, madam, I am the landlord.?' Too LATE.—Local Labour Leader (angrily) : "Our Meeting has been a fizzle, sir, because you broke your engagement to be here." National Labour Leader: "I expected to arrive here early, but the strike on the A.B.C. road delayed the trains. When I reached the hotel the waiters wero on strike. When I started for the hall the cabman were on strike, and when. I got a street- car the hour had come for the conductors and drivers to strike." " PurriNo ONE'S Foox IN IT."—A millionaire railway king has a brother who is hard of hearing, while he himself is remarkable as having a very prominent nose. Once this railway king dined at a friend's house,- where he sat between two young "ladies," who talked to him very loudly, rather to his annoyance, but he said nothing. Finally one of them shouted a commouplace remark, and then Said in an ordinary tone to t'he other "Did you ever see such a nese in all your life ? " "Par- 410n me, ladies," said the millionaire, "it is my brother who is deaf." A SIIQPPING DREAM.—She was a habitual shop- per, and she had beea working hard at a church fair. So it came to pass that she. fell asleep that night and dreamed a dream, and it was thus :—She vlalked in the midst of a great fair, larger and g rainier than 'she had ever seen, and every table WaB headed with handsome trifles and elaborate .e:.ehroideries. And everything was ticketed with name and price, boldly and clearly, so that she . read them as she passed. And ap first sight each thing seemed to be marked down, as she was wont to -see in the stores she was familiar with ; but as she looked elOser" she marvelled. For, lo !. one was marked, "This cushion, worth two dollars, price , five du!lars.." And the next bore' the legend, •, This set of doyleys, worth three dollars, price se ei.ei dollars." And the next, "This hand- painted screen, worth seven dollars, price fifteen dol:ars. As for the pen-wipers, sachets, pine. •Aettsillions, aml book-marks, they were ticketed, "Worth nothing, price half a dollar." And she torne'd to her guide and cried out: "What is this ? \Vieve,ani I? '' And he replied, in a clear and loud voice: "In the law' of Truth !" And she awoke and, 'behold! it was a dream.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
RI)

KNOWN as Rev. Joseph Holmes' Mexican PreLeription is the only original en ,rituteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervi in, weakt.ess, exhausted vitalitykiiney or tiladdPr diseases, gr ivel, prostate, spinal weak , news, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test for twenty ytars. Send a self-addr ened stamped nvelopa to Jos. HOLAICS' • .tieinedy Co. Bloomsbury Man I3loomsbory Square, London. and get full parLicu'ars .Gf this great specific free ot eha. ge. Mention whether for A„eJe or femalec &ware c.f frand.i.ecit Jvaitators, •

===== 0002601_18960502_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
All rights reserved. THINGS A WOMAN WANTS

TO KNOW.

RIBBON aria laoe are the two things most dear to woman's heart with regard to dress, and of these two she will surely have enough— if not a surfeit—during the coming season. Bah are largely used for our dresses, blouses, and also for our millinery, but it is of the two former I would speak to you now. All the smart dresses at the present time have either a jabot or stock of lace; anyhow a little very good lace is introduced into their composi- tion. _ _ _ _ _ _ _

For my first sketch this wefor lam gi- you al very smart blouse made oi che new ail... Aerial for this season—silk zephyr. This is a com- bination of silk and cotton, with decidedly the appearance of the former, in a delicate shade of pale blue, with a tiny self spot of silk on it.

A Sw

). Paper Pattern, 634.

To be had from PATTERN DM,WIEICT, 18, HENRIP-7& STILEET, LON , W.C.

The blouse is simply made, and has dependant from the collar a full frill of lace, over which bang two bows of ribbon on either side; one short, extending towards the upper part of the shoulder, and the other long, reaching almost to the edge of the lace. The collar-band is swathed with the material, and has a tab of lace on either side, with a big bow of ribbon standing out on each side at the back.

I think these bows of ribbon at the back of the neck are very becoming now that the hair is worn a good deal higher than formerly. With some people the hair grows naturally high, leaving the nape of the neck somewhat bare. To them a ribbon bow is quite a god send.

But I am digressing. Let me draw your attention to the sleeves of this blouse, which are made tiFht-fitting with gauged puffs; the upper part is gathered twice at the shoulder, and then the sleeves hang full to the elbow, beneath which again it is gauged singly. There are very many muslins shown this year, and this is a design which would look equally well in either muslin, thin silk, or crepe. Now that bicycling is more the rage than ever, and young girls, as well as their grown- up sisters, lative taken to the wheel, we must provide for them as well as for others. This week, therefore, I am giving a very good design for a girl's knickerbockers, to wear under a skirt when bicycling. I am greatly in favour of alpaca knicker- bockers for summer wear, and especially do I think them suitable for girls, for very often young people do not have their skirts lined,

Girl's Knickerbockers. (Age 10 to 14 years.) No. 3011. Pavr Pattfrn, 61c1. To be had from PATTERN DEPARTMENT, 18, HENRIETTA STREET, LONDON, W.C.

and in that case tweed knickers are very apt to stick to the skirt in an uncomfortable and unbecoming way. With alpaca this is not possible, and for this reason I strongly advise its use.

The knickerbockers here shown, you will notice, are made with a sloped band which buttons on either side. At the knee they are ,athered.into a band again, and can either be fastened with a buckle or elastic, according to fancy. For windy weather, girls who ,wear short skirts can still fasten them down just in the same Way as ladies do, only they should fast en them to the knee instead of to the ankle. About thirteen inches from the front of the skirt sew a piece of elastic about four inches long, to this fasten another piece of elastic the right size to go round the knee. On to one end of this sew a hook, and to the other end an eye. When the skirt is on, clip this band below the knee, and the skirt will bo kept perfectly in place without its appearance being in any way spoilt. Brown boots are so universally worn that you may be glad to know how to clean th.m. Sometimes we are unfortunate enough to pt them • stained when they are quite new: e.t any rate, after wearing them for some time, occasional dirty streaks come on them, viol these it is well to remove. I know of thne methods, either of which would, I think, pro7c efficacious - -

, Place the boots on "trees" and give them a washing, say _once every week or so, -vith saddle socp. Let them dry, and then pclish. Stains may also be removed by rubbing ,with methylated spirit. The third method is one which must be used with great care, but which will remove the most obstinate stains. Place a little powdered oxalic acid in a piece of flannel. tie it Up, and then dip it, into water and gently rub the surface of the leather with it. Do this occasionally, and you will find it beeps your boots in admirable preservation. Chops cooked in the ordinary way are not altogether suitable for an invalid, but if pre- pared according to the following recipe, they will be found not only very much more digestible, but exceedingly appetising. Select a: loin chop, bone it carefully, trim off all superfluous fat. and roll the long end round the fillet piece. Rub with oil, and grill over a clear- fire, taking care that the chop is not over-cooked.. Put a little butter on it, and serve with a small ornamental skewer run through it. Having considered the digesti- bility of the invalid's repast, the next care most ho 'to serve it daintily. See that :the 3-I,tpeQ and cutlery are faultless, and on se: vn"!.l* -the chop ,garnish it with sprigs of .71'cri peas, or whatever vegetable he

'...701:301-1

Many 'f mycnrrespendents seem troubled with black- heads. The sorest and simplest remedy is bathing the face every nit. with very hot water, drying it with a soft towel, and then ruhbing in very gently some cold cream. , .In the morningthe face must be well washed in water, andaiatiled in t-e )id wnter afterwards.

ilt , ..., I A • rit',.),' ( , `;,\,:. , 4, ' ) ~4 '\j'r ,t v ' • .ki ' //' i ,*• -"4:. f 0 44/ k .:;4• ;mt.. Blouse. .No. 3040,

s ..: .- -4 ii- 4 . CI y $1 . II \\ V \ • 44 4..\ a *.1....f; \ .\,' . r 6A• 1 f ' \.‘ i. 47 • ' X'4CtZfijf 1/4\ Y•& V'' % i:..- I ~ ,k‘ :• 4' ' :'-'..`;'-•':' r,,,'Z;‘• - -------7-=-:- 1 ..3.1---'-:,---=- 11', --;:ri..--=---• - 1...40'------'------ . • ::,?., , ..., .---- V

===== 0002601_18960502_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY MAY 2, 1896 THE HIDDEN HAND;

WOMEN'S CHAT.

Prinee and Princess Henry of Prussia are to represent the German Emperor and Empress both at the Imperial coronation at Moscow and at Princess Maud's wedoing. It is very probable that Prince and Princess Henry will make a prolonged stay in this country,and reside during the yachting season at Albert Cottage in Osborne Park, which was occupied last year by the Duke and Duchess of Hesse, and the Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Roumania, and during the autumn at Birkhall House, near Banger.

Apropos of weddings, I ha‘e often marvelled, why, during the hot summer months, open landaus or victories are not substituted for the dull, stuffy-looking closed landaus and broughams into which bridesmaids and guests creep, with painful skirt-iqueezing and head stooping, and where their festive array is hidden from the interested gaze of lookers-on. It is a curious fact that while fashion has varied sevnral of the details of marriage ceremonie3, this particular one remains quite unaltered. In fine weather open carriages would have a pretty effect for bridesmaids and guests. Although they met at Naples the other day,the breach between the Emperor William and his brother Prince Henry, is by no means healed, and rxince and Princess Henry are going to Moscow- for the coronation only be- cause their presence has been particularly requested by the Czar and Czarina. There is no doubt the Kaiser would have put his brother aside had it been possible to do so.

The Hon. Mrs. Reginald F tzwilliam, the celebrated beauty, who lately had a very narrow escape from per- manent disfigurement, by accidentally setting fire to her hair, was a Miss Edith Lane-Fox. She is a cousin of the beautiful Countess of Powis and the Countess of Sarborough, who were also Lane-Foxes. The accident was due to the lady having indulged in the application of a certain petroleum wash and should serve as a warn- ing to any of us who are tempted to follow her example.

_ The list of titled ladies who work for the Press,grows longer every year. Three Duchesses,those of Cleveland, Sutherland and Bedford have at one time or another contributed articles to magazines. The Countess of Cork Is generally engaged upon some journalistic work, and Lady Constance Howard is equally industrious, employ- ing herself especially in sporting subjects, while Lady Greville and Lady Colin ,Campbell are in receipt of a steady income from several papers to which they are regular contributors. Mrs. Madeline Lucette Ryley, the authoress of" Jed. bury Junior" now being performed at Terry's Theaure, London. has written no less than twenty-two plays, and four rultfc operas within thelast six years. She prefers serious pieces,and positively revels in character-drawing. Plot, she says is quite a secondary consideration, and all that a dramatist requires to do is to hit upon a little group of congenial characters and then leave them to work out their own story. Mrs. Ityley is at present en- gaged upon plays especially cemmanded by Mr. E. H. Bothern and Mr. John Drew. The women of Cicinnati, although they have lost their hats, have evidently kept their heads, as it seems they are preparing a counter-move designed to strike terror into the hearts of the bold men who have passed a law vetoing high hats in theatres. The Women's Bill is framed with the intention of getting rid of the annoyance caused by men leaving their seats during the performance, or in the intervals, with the distress and discomfort which this inevitably causes those parties whom seat leavers have to crush. Now there is very little doubt they have something to com- plain of in this particular direction, but surely the best plan would be to insist upon the real remedy, vii., man- agers giving more room—an arrangement that would be acceptable to the majority of theatre goers in our country. In addition to a riotous carnival of colour on every hat, to be correct the shapes must be as rough and fantastic as possible. The Maw shapes I have seen this week may be called "rustic " for they resemble hats of hedge rows, ploughed fields, &c.' more than anything else in texture and irregularity. Some are simply made of a square or round of rough straw folded and twisted in any way that seemeth best to the officiating milliner. A passion for cutting out seems to have set in again. and the " tab" is to be seen on nearly all our garments- We have tabbed basques, tabbed skirts, and tabbed re vers. The rever as we have known it (simply the square cut edge of the coat turned back) had a certain grace about it,but in the tab raver it is difficult to find either reason or beauty. By the way coats are now being made either to hang open or to button up to the neck, so that we may either dispense with or exhibit a blouse at will. This is decidedly an item of news to be grateful for. The revival of the ruehe as a trimming should be wel- comed with delight by those of us who indulge in flame dressmaking, for nothing is more effective or so easily made. A lovely gown I met at an "At Home "last week had every skirt seam outlined with ruchings of glace silk,and its sleeve epaulettes adorned in the same manner. The pretty wearer hailed from Paris. A great deal has been said about home industries, but those of us who try to support them should first of all make sure that they are home industries. It appears that in Beleuim, a thriving trade is done in I Matt linen." The linen is not even woven out of the best _

Irish flax thread. for that is greatly run upon by silk manufactures. Now that an much of our flannel and linen is made of cotton, and so much of our silk is made of linen,it Seems difficult to know what one's garments are really composed of. What a hindering world this is ! For countless ages we have all gone to bed the wrong end upwards. The profound discovery has been made by a noted French physician who asserts that he has conclusively' proved that t, sleep in a bed prepared in the old faahinned way is to induce ailments of all kinds. The result of a com- plete reversal of things will he amazing. Insomcia will be Cured and nightmare a thing of the past. Sleep in the new position will be intellectual because more pro- found, and people inclined to nerve troubles or lung dis- ease will be vastly benefited thereby. After all this, it is clear that the sooner we put our feet instead of our heads upon our pillows the better it will be for us. Bicycle sports for women will be well to the fore this summer. At one of the London Clubs a gymkhana is already arranged to take place next month. There will be a Needle Race, In which competitors will ride a hun- dred yards, dismount thread a needle at a table and return to the winning post holding the nPedle in their hands. The Egg and Sonnn Race is to be over a course of 100 yards, the compettors riding with one hand, and holding the Peg and spoon in the other. Another item is riding one bicycle and leading another. There is to "e a bill-posting race also, in which competitors will ride fifty yards. nost a bill on a prepared howling, maunt, and ride 150 yards to the winning post. The more care- fully and neatly the hill is posted the more,likely will the candidate be to secure the prize. If the present mildness of weather continues, epicures must he prepared for short and sweet enjoyment of their favourite delicacies. Take plover's eggs for instance. Usually they are sent to market first from Holland and then by progressive stages from the North of England and Scotland. This year they have all come in with a rush and already are being hatched out in many places. Consequently they will soon be no more. Strawberries. too, are already marvellously cheap and will have but a brief innings. The same applies to asparagus. In short all enmeatibles, from dncklines down to spring cabbages, will be out of season, almost directly they are in. Now that eggs are so abundant and good, it seems more worth while trying some of the numerous dishes of which they are a good foundqtion. Here is one excel- lent recipe. Fry brown in butter one sliced anion, add half a pint of milk and put in six hard boiled e.es, cub in half. Stew over a slow fire for three or four minutes, stir into the pan two well whisked yolks, a dessert spoonful of chopped parsley, one ounce of grated cheese, a pinch of einnomon, pepper, salt, and stir over a slow fire for six or eight minutes. Squeeze a little lemon juice over and vrve hot.

" MADGE."

thurtier and lightning of his wrath. But to escape Old ',Uarricane's violence was not in the power of mortal man or woman. Soon her very stillness exasperated him, and he broke forth upon her with: "Mrs. Condiment, mum, I don't know how you can bear to sit there so quietly and listen to this storm, knowing that the poor child is exposed to it? " "Major Warfield, would it do any good for me to jump up and trot up and down the floor, and go on as you do, even supposing I had the strength 7 " in- quired the meek old lady, thoroughly provoked at his injustice. "I'd like to see you show a little more feeling. You are a perfect barbarian. Oh, Cap, my darling, where are you now? Heavens! what a blast was that! enough to shake the house about our esrs I wish it wonbl—blamed if I (Isn't." "Oh, IfLjor, Msjon don't say such awful things nor make such awful wishes," said the appalled old lady; "you don't know what you might bring down upon us." "No, nor care; if the old house should tumble In, it would bury under its ruins a precious lot of goosl-for-nothing people, unfit to live. Heavens! what a flash of lightning 1 Oh, Cap. Can, my darl- ing, where are you in this stcrm ? Mrs. Condiment, mum, if any harm comes to Capitola this night, I'll have you indicted for manslaughter." "M-ijor Winfield, if it is all on Miss Black's account that you are ravlng and raging so, I think It is quite vain of you; for any young woman caught out in a storm would know enough to get into shelter; especi .11y would Miss Black, who is a young lady of great courage and presence of mind, as we know. She has surely gone into some house to remain until the storm is over," said Mrs. Condi- ment, soothingly. This speech, so well intended, exasperated Old Hurricane more than all the rest. Stopping and striking his cane upon the floor, he roared forth: "Hang it, mum! hold your foolish old tongue! You know nothing about it. Capitola is exposed. to more serious dangers than the elements. Perils of all sorts surround her. She should nevi r, rain or shine, go out alone. Oh, the little villain 1 the little wretch! the little demon! it EVER I get her safe in this house again, WON'T I lock her up and keep her on bread and water until she learns to behave herself I" Here again a blinding flash of lightning, a deafen- ing peal of thunder, a terrific blast of wind and flood of rain suddenly arrested his speech. "Oh, my Cap! my dear Cap! I needn't threaten von! I shall never have the chance to be cruel to you again—never. You will perish in this terrible storm, and then—and then my tough old heart will break, it will—it will, Cap. But demmy, before it does, I will break the necks of every man and woman in this house, old and young. Hear it, Heaven and earth, for I'll do it 1" All thirgs must have an end. So, as the hours passed on, the storm having spent all its fury, gradually grumbled itself into silence. Old Hurricane also raged into a state of exhaustion so complete, that when the midnight hour strusik he could only drop into a chair and murmur: "Twelve o'clock, and no news of her yet!" And then unwillingly he went to bed, attended by Mrs. Condiment and Pitapat instead of Wool, who \N as supposed to be out in search of Capitola, but who was, in fact, fast asleep on the floor of a dry cellar. Meanwhile, where did this midnight hour find Capii ol ?

CHAPTER XXXIV.

THE HIDDEN HOLLOW.

"On every side the aspect was the same, All ruined, desolate, forlorn, and savage, No hand or foot within the precinct came To rectify or ravage! • Here Echo never mocked the human tongue; Some weighty crime that Heaven could not pardon, A secret curse on that old Building hung And its deserted Garden I" —HOOD'S HAUNTED HOUSE.

Cap was a bit of a Don Quixote. The stirring Incidents of the last few months had spoiled her; the monotony of the last few weeks had bored her; and now she had just ridden out in quest of adven- tures. _ _ _

The Old Hidden House, with its mysterious traditions, its gloomy surroundings and its haunted reputation, had always possessed a powerful attrac- tion for one of Cap's adventurous spirit. To seek and gaze upon the sombre house, of which, and of whose inmates, such terrible stories had been told or hinted, had always teen a secret desire and pur- pose of Capitola. And now the presence there of a beautiful girl near her own age was the one last item that tipped the balance, making the temptation to ride thither outweigh every other consideration of duty, prud- ence and safety. And having once started on the adventure, Cap felt the attraction drawing her towards the frightful hollow of the Hidden House growing stronger w.th every step taken thitherward.

She reached the banks of the "Demon's Ran," and took the left hand road down the stream until she reached the left point of the Hone- Shoe Mountain, and then gong up around the point, bhe kept close under the back of the range until she had got immediately in the rear of the round bend of the "1-Licse Shoe," behind Hurricane Hall.

"Well," said Cap, as she drew rein here, and looked up at the lofty ascent of grey rocks that concealed Hurricane Hall, "to have had to come such a circuit around the outside of the Horse Shoe,' to find myself just at the back of our house, and no farthei from home than this There's as many doubles and twists in these mountains as there are in a lawyer's discourse! There! Gyp, you needn't turn back again and p:•11 at the bridle, to tell me there is a storm coming up and that you want to go home! I have no more respect for your opinion than I have for Mrs. Condiment's. Besides, you carry a damsel-errant in (Fest of adventures, Gyp! and so you must on, Gyp! you limit on!" said Capitola, forcibly pulling her head around, and then taking a survey of the downward path. It was a scene fascinating from its very excess of gloom and terror I It was a valley so deep and dark as to merit the name of the hollow, or hole, but for its great extent and its thick growth of forest, through which spectral-looking rocks gleamed, and moaning waters could be heard but not seen. "Now, somewhere in that thick forest, in the bottom of that vale, stands the house—well called the Hidden House, since not a chimney of it can be seed even from this commanding height I But I suppose this path that leads down into the valley may conduct me to the building! Come along, Gyp You needn't turn up ycur head and pull at the bit 1 You've got to go! I am bound this night to see the outside of the Hidden House, and the window of the haunted chamber at the very least," said Cap, throwing her eyes up defiantly towards the darkening sky, and putting whip to her unwill- ing horse. As the path wound down into the valley the woods were found deeper and thicker and darker. It occupied all Cap's faculties to push her way through the overhanging and interlacing branches of the trees. _ _ _

" G-ond gracious," she said, as she used her left arm roller vigorously to push aside the obstructions to her path, "one would think this were the en- chanted forest containing the castl,-, of the sleeping beauty, and I was the knight destined to deliver her! I'm sure it wouldn't have been more difficult."

Still deeper fell the path, thicker grew the forest and darker the way. "Gyp, I'm under the impression that we shall have to turn back yet," said Cap dolefully, stopping in the midst of a thicket so dense that it com- pletely blockaded her father progress in the same oireolion. Just r, she came to this very disagree- able conclusion she spied an opening on her left, from which a bridle path struck out. With an exclarnaiion of joy, se iwinetliaAny ,urned her horse's head and struck into it. This path was very rocky, but in some dcwee clearer than the other. and she went, on quickly, singing to herclf, until gra( ukßy her voice began to be lost in the sound of many iuThing waters. "It must he the a3vil's Parch Bowl I nni ap- proaching," she said to herseit, as she went on. She was right. The roaring of the waters grew dealening, and the path became so ruzged with jagged and irregularly piled rocks, that Cap could scarcely keep her horse upon his feet in clio-ibini-4 over them. And suddenly, when she lcast looked for. it, the great natural curiosity—the Devil's Punch Bowl—hurst upon her view. It was an awl al abyss, scooped out as it were from the very bowels of the earth, with its steep sides rent open in dreadful chaalus, and far down in it fa depths a boiling. whirlpool of .a4C;

;cot-

wat

Urging her reluctant st-e(56 through a thicket of stinted thorns I;nd over a chaos oY. ht.attexed

Capitola approached as _near as she safe!: eon i(t to the rink of this awful pit. So a,h6orbed wos !i4k:, in gnzing upon this terrible phenomenon of rt,r,l scenery that she had not no:,ieed in the thio',:ct Or, rf,

her right a low hut that, with its bro'v,N mouldering colour.:;, fell so.uatunlly in with Ilk ot the burr oti!Air4.- scenery as, easily t

e.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
POISON IN THE BLOOD,

CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWO BTU

CEIAPTER XXXIII.

CAP'S VISIT TO T 11153 HIDDEN HOUSE. "And such a night 'she ' took the road in As ne'er poor sinner was abroad in. The wind blew as 'twad blawn its last; The rattling showers rose on the blast; The speedy gleams the darkness swallowed ; Loud, deep and long the thunder bellowed; That night a child might understand The dc'il had business on his hand."

—BunNs. A week passed betore Capitola carried her resolu- tion of calling upon the inmate of the Hidden House into effect. It was, in fact, a hot, dry, oppressive season, the last few days of August, when all people, even the restless Capitola, pre- ferred the coolness and repose of indoors. But that she should stay at home more than a week was a moral and physical impossibility. So on Thursday afternoon, when Major Wardeld set out on horse- back to visit his mill, Capitola ordered her horse to be saddled and brought up that she might take an afternoon's ride.

------ - "Now please, my dear shild, don't go far," said Mrs. Gondiznent, "for besides that your uncle does not cpprov • of your riding alone, you must hurry back to avoid the storm."

" Storm, Mrs. Condiment, why, bless your dear old heart, there has not been a storm these four weeks!" said Capitola, almost indignant that such an absurd objection to a long ride should be raised. "The more reason, my child, that we should have a very severe one when it does come, and I tt.ink it will be upon us before sunset; so I advise you to hurry home." " Why, Mrs. Condiment! there's not a cloud in the sky!" "So much the worse, my dear. The blackest cloud that ever gathered is not so ominous of mischief as this dull, coppery sky and still atmos- phere; and if forty years' observation of weather signs goes for anything, I tell you that we are going to have the avvfnlest storm that ever gathered in the heavens I Why, look out of that window! the very birds and beasts know it, and instinctively seek shelder I—look at that flock of crows flying home! see how the dumb beasts come trooping to- wards their sheds! Capitola, you had better give up going altogether, my (lean" "There 1 I thought all this talk tended to keep- ing me within doors! but I can't stay, Mrs. Condi- ment! Good Mrs. Condiment, I can't!" "But, my dear, if you should be caught out in the storm ! " " Wny, I don't knew but I should like it What harm could it do me 7 I'm not soluble in water— rain won't melt me away! I think, upon the whole, I rather prefer beiug caught in the storm 1" said Cap. perversely. "Well, well, there's no need of that; yen may ride as far as the river's bank and back again in time to escape, if you choose," said Ms. Condiment, who saw that her troublesome charge was bent upon the frolic. _ _

And Cap, seeing her horse approach, led by one of the grooms, ran up stairs, donned her riding- habit, hat and gloves, ran down again, sprang into her saddle, and was off, galloping away towards the river before Mrs. Condiment could add another word of warning. She had been gone about an hour when the sky suddenly darkened, the wind rose, and the thunder rolled in prelude to the storm. Major Warfield came skurrying home from the mill, grasping his bridle with one hand, and hold- ing his hat on with the other. Meeting poor old Ezy in the shrubbery, he stormed out upon him with : "What are you lounging there for, you old idiot I you old sicy-gazing lunatic! don't yen see that we are going to have an awful blow? Begone with you, and see that the cattle are all under shelter. Oft, I say, or,"—he rode towards Bill Ezy, but the old man, exclaiming: "Yes, sir I yes, sir! in coorse, sir !" ducked his head, and ran cfE in good time. Major Wartield quickened his horse's steps and rode to tho house, oismounted, and threw the reins to the stable boy, exclaiming : My beast is dapping with perspiration—rub him down well, you knave, or I'll impale you I " Striding into the hall, he threw down his riding- whip, pulled off his gloves, and called: "Wool 1 Wool, you scoundrel, close every door and window in the house; call all the servants together in the dining-room ; we re going to have one of the worst tempests that ever raised." . .

Wool flew to do his bidding. 'Mrs. Con&ment, mum," said the old man, striding into the sitting-room—" Mrs. Condiment, mum, tell Miss Black to come down from her room until the storm is over; the upper chambers of this old house are not safe in a tempest. Well, muni, why don't you go, or send Pitapat?" " jor Warfield, sir, I'm very sorry, but Miss Black has Lot come in yet," said Mrs. Condiment, who for the last half hour had buffered extreme anxiety upon account of Capitola. "Not. come in yet! Demmy, mum I do you tell me she has gone out ? " cried Old Hurricane, in a voice of tounder, gathering his brows into a dark frown, and striking his cane a grily upeln the floor. "Yes, sir, I am sorry to say she rode out about an hour I,go and has not returned," said Mrs. Condiment, sammoning all her firmness to meet Old Hurricane's "roused wrath." " MA'AM I you venture to stand thero before MY face and tell ME composedly that you permitted Miss Black to go off alone in the face of such a storm 1" roared Old Huriicane. "Sir, I could not help it," Raid the old lady. "Demmy, mum, you should have helped it. A woman of your age stand there and tell me that she could not prevent a young creature like Capitola from going otv alone in a storm!" "Major Warfield, could you have done it 7 " "Me 7 Demmy, I should think so, but that is not the question. You--" He was interrupted by a blinding flash of light- ing, followed immediately by an awful peal of thunder and a sudden fall of rain. Old Hurricane sprang up as though he had been shot off his chair, and trotted up and down the floor exclaiming: "And she! she out in all this storm ! Mrs. Condiments mum, you deserve to be ducked! Yes, mum, you do! Wool Wool! you diabolical villain I "

"Yes, marse, yes, sir, here I is I " exclaimed that officer, in trepidation, as he appeared in the door- way. "De windows and doors, sir, is all fastened close, and de maids are all in the dining-room as you ordered, and—" "Hang the maids, and the doors and windows, tool who the demon cares about them? How dared you, you knave, permit your young mistress to ride, unattended, in the face of such a storm, to I Why didn't you go with her, sir 2 " "'Deed, marse--9 "Don't "deed marse ' me, you atrocious villain Saddle a horse quickly, inquire which road your mistress took, and attend her home safely—after which, I intend to break every bone in your skin, sirrala I So—" Again he was intarrupted by a dazzling flash of lightning, accompanied by a deafening roll of thunder, and followed by a flood of rain. Wool stood appalled at the prospect of turning out in such a storm, upon such a fruitless errand. " Oh, you may stare, and roll up your eyes! but I mean it, you varlet! So be oil with you I—go! I don't care if you should be drowned in the rain, or blown of the horse, or struck by lightning. I hope you may be, you knave, and I shall 'az rid of one villain ! OFF, you varlet, or " Old Hurricane lifted a bronze statuette to hurl at Wool's delin- quent Lead, but that functionary dodged and ran out in time to escape a blow that might have put a period to his mortal career. .13:it let no one suppose that honest Wool took the road that night. He simply ran downstaira and hid himself comfortably in the lowest regions of the house, there to tarry until the storms, social and atmospheric, should be over. Meanwhile the night deepened—the storm raged without, and Old Hurricane raged within. The lightning flashed, blaze tuson blaze, with blinding glare. The thunder broke, crash urson crash, with deafening roar. The wind gathering all its force cannonaded the old walls as though it would batter down the house. The rain fell in floods. In the midst of all, the Demon's Run, swollen to a torrent, was heard like the voice of a "roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour." Old Hurricane strode up and down the floor, groaning, swearing, threatening, and at every fresh blast of the sterm without, breaking forth into fury.

_ Airs. Condiment sat crouched in a COTPOT, praying fervently cv,.;ry time the lightning bltiz,..d ioto the room, longing to go and join the men the next apartment, yet fearing to stir from her seat lest she should attract Old iitirricanos attention, and draw down upon heiself • the snore terrible

===== 0002601_18960502_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DIRECT CAUSE OF MOST PHYSICAL TROUBLES.

" These are trying times." The speaker was a middle-aged man, and father of quite a family. .1 I don't refer to business," he continued, " but to the trying weather. I have a very severe attack of rheumatism, my wife has a bad cold, and the rest of the family we not well. "I know it is a common thing to lay all these trou- bles to the weather, hut I have come to the conclusion that. the condition of the system has much to do with it. If the man who has rheumatism, and a woman who has a Cold, will trace hack for the cause, it will be found in some weakness of the body. "And do Yen know what I think the greatestweak- ness in the body is P I will tell you. I believe it is due to uric acid, which is in the blond,keepise it fermented all the time. I know that it causes rheumatism, and I believe most colds. "You naturally Ask, how' does this uric acid get into the blood? The answer is very simple. The kidneys do not do their duty and throw it from the system as they should, and therefore it remains in the blood ; and I be- lieve that if uric acid were removed from the blood,most rheumatism and colds would disappear." The gentleman WAS right. Is it not plain to be seen that if the kidneys are strong arcl healthy and throw the uric acid out of the system, rheumatism and kidney dis- ease in general are impossible? There has never been but one known remedy for all troubles of the kidneys, and that is Warner's Safe Cure. It has been found by the medical profession to be pos- sessed of properties unknown to any discovery of modern or ancient times. It has taken men, and women. too, who were in the last stages, and restnted them to per- fect health and strength. It is endorsed by physicians, approved by scientists, and used by the best people in the land. It should al ways he.borns in mind, that when there are such serious troubles as those above mentioned, only a strictly reliable preparation can be used with hope or safety.. It will pay you to bear these things ia mind.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
observation. She did not even observe that the sky was entirely overcast, and the thunder was mattering,in the distance. She was aroused from her profound reverie by a voice near her asking: "Who are you that dares to come without a guide to the Devil's Punch Bowl ?" Capitola looked around, and came nearer scream- ing than she ever had becn in her life, upon seeing the ;.p)arition that stood before her. Was it man woman, beast or demon 7 She could not tell. It was a very tall, spare form, with a black cloth petticoat tied around. the waist, a blue coat buttoned over the breast, and a black felt hat tied down with a red handkerchief, shading the darkest old face she bad ever seen in her life. "Who are you, I say, who comes to the Devil's Punch Bowl without leave or license?" repeated the frightful creature, shifting her cane from one hand to the orv-,r. _ _

_ "I? ii Capitois. Thack, from Hurricane Hall; but who, in the name of all the fates and furies are you ?" inquired Capitola ; who, in getting over the shock, had recovered her courage. "I am Harriet, the Seeress of Hidden Hollow!" replied the apparition, in a melo-dramatic manner that would not have discredited the Queen of Tragedy herself. "You have heard of me ?" "Yes, but I always heard you called Old Hat the Witch," bald Cap. "The world is profane—give me your hand," said the beldame, reaching out her own to take that of Capitols. " Stop! is ycur hand clean? It looks very black." "Cleaner than yours will be when it is stained with blood, young maiden." "Tut I—if you insist on telling ray fortune, tell me a pleasant one, and I will pay you double," laughed Capitola. "The fates are not to be mocked. Your destiny will be that which the stars decree. To prove to you that I know this, I tell you that you are not what you have been." "You've hit it this time, old lady, for I was a baby once, and now I am a yeung girl," said Cap, laughing. "You will not continue to be that which you are now 1" pursued the bag, still attentively reading the lines of her subject's hand. "Right again 1 for if I live long enough, I shall be an old woman."

"You bear a name that you will not bear long." "I think that quite a safe prophecy, as I haven't the most distant idea of being an old maid." " This little hand of yours—this dainty woman's hand—will be—red with blood." "Now, do you know, I don't doubt that either? I believe it altogether probable that I shall have to cook my husband's dinner and kill the chickens for his soup." "Girl, beware 1 you deride the holy stars I—and already they are adverse to you 1" said the hag, with a threatening glare. " Ha-ha-ha 1 I love the beautiful stars, but do not

fear them. I fear only Him who made the stars 1" "Poor butterfly, listen and beware 1,--you are destined to imbrue that little hand in the life current of one who loves you the most of all on earth. You are destined to rise by the destruction of one who would shed his heart's beet blood for you," said the beldame, in an awful voice.

Capitola's eyes flashed. She advanced her horse a step or two nearer the witch, and raising her riding whip, saying: "I protest if you were only a man I should lay this lash over your wicked shoulders until my arms ached 1 How dare ypu ? Faith, I don't wonder that in the honest old times such pests as you were cooled in the ducking pond! Good gracious, that must have made a hissing and spluttering in the water, though 1" "131a.-phemer 1 pay and be gone!" "Pay ycu ! I tell you I would if you were only a man! hut it would be sinful to pay a wretched old witch in the only way you deserve to be paid I" said Cap, thurishing her riding-whip before a crea- ture tall er cugh and strong enough to have doubled up her slight form together and hurled it into the abyss.

"Gold; gold I" said the hag, curtly, holding out black and talon-like fingers, which she worked con- vulsively. "Gold gold indeed! for such a wicked fortune! not a penny 1" said Cap, " Ho 1 you're stingy ; you do not like to part with the yedow demon that has bought the souls of all your house I' " Doh't 11—you shall see! Theie if you want gold, go fish for it from the depth of the whirlpool," said Cap, taking her purse and casting it over the precipice. Th:s exasperated the crone to frenzy. " Away I Begone 1" she cried, shakimg her long arm at the girl. " Away ! Begone! the fate pursues you! the badge of blood is stamped upon your palm l' " Fee—Taw—ton 1--" said Cap. " Scorner ! bcw,re I the curse of the crimson Land is upon —" smel the llood of an Englishman--" continued Cap. "Derider of the fates, you are foredoomed to crime !"

_ —" Be he.alire or be he dead, I'll have his brains to butter say bread I concluded Cap. "Be Sheet 1' shrieked the beldame. "I won't," said Cap, "becetue you see, if we are in for the horrilile I clAn beat Neu hollow at that! 'Avaunt ! and quit my sight ! Let the earth hide thee! Thy bones are marrow-less ! Thy blood is cold Thou bast no speculation in those eyes Which thou dost glare with " Begono I vou'ne uuoinka I doomed! doomed 1" shrieked the witch, retreating into her hut. Cap laughed and stroked the neck of her horse. saying: "Gyp, my son, that was old Nick's wife who was with us just this instant ; and now, indeed, Gyp, if we are to see the Hidden House this afternoon, we must get on." And so saying, she followed the path that wound half around the Punch Ben 1, and then along the side of a little mountain torrent called the spout,— Which, rising in an opposite mountain, leaped from rock to rock, with rnanv a sinuous turn, as it wound through the thicket that immediately surrounded the Hidden House—until it finally jetted through a subterranean channel into the Devil's Punch Bowl. Capitola was now, unconsciously, upon the very spot where, seventeen years before. the old nurse had been forcibly stopped and compelled to attend the unknown lady, As Capitola pursued the path that wound lower and lower into the dark valley, the gloom of the thicket deepened. Her thoughts ran on all the horrible traditions connected with the Bidden House and Hollow—the murder and robbery of the poor peddler; the mysterious assassina- tion of Eugene L., Noir ; the sudden disappearance of the youthful widow; the strange sights and sounds reported to be heard and seen about the mansion; the spectral light at the upper gable window; the white form seen flitting through the chamber; the pale lady that in the dead of night drew the curtains of a guest that once had. slept there; and above all, Capitola thought of the beautiful, strange girl, who was an inmate of that sinful and accursed house. And while these thoughts absorbed her mind, suddenly in a turn- ing of the path, she came fall upon the gloomy Ludding. _ .

(To be continued).

44 PERFECTION 1

SOAP

AND LIFE ASSURANCE.

MESSRS. ;TOSEPTI CRISFIELD & SONS offer to all users Of' PERFECTION" SOAP a POLICY OF LIFO AS3URA.NOIi, with immediate benefit, for One Year. in the British Workman's and General Assuranwe Company, Th policies my be taken out for all ages to 65, and run from £?. 2s. t.) En 10s. in amount; these benefits are much larger than can ordinarily be secured by t e usual weekly payments. 112 " Perfection " (ou'side) wrappers to be collected any time before June 30th, 1397.

For full particulars see bills. " PERFECTION " SOAP is manufactured FULL POUND WEIGHT.

FITS OR EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.

I will demonstrate t) the whole world how that RIO,' dreadful of all complaints, " Epilepsy," which has be hitherto considered incurable, can be permanently cur (without the chance of failure). Write to the "SECRETARY Borwood House. Harwood Place, Hyde Park, London. 11, will send you, " Gratis," full instructions for cure.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
,-. , 0 o El ci X a.-g .5, 0

===== 0002601_18960502_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
5 0 sgx PI ci- o CD )-3

to Ei DI C titi p. Sts e 7 ral 79 °' 04

L\D Cri az

CAD Cok., -----.. t 0 Cn

CA, 1

===== 0002601_18960502_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAGUE OF LI-0

A "Little Cough." THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. rim FORERUNNER OF DEATH:

A "Little Cough. „0 0 Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE L'l'd i HALL'S FOR INF LITENbP LUNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CHEST nA/ LUNG AND TOY RESTORER COMPLAINTS.visS Never Fails. It POSSESSESTETE po -00 1 UNG to SOOIIIE, HELIEO 04/ HEAL, which exists ill 1.--4 .RESTORER other preparation. Fon COUGHS (IS' LUNG CODY RESTORER OR arli Never Fails. It NEVER FAILS to ..- LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER THE FIRST DOSS 4,10, IS A SOOTHING_.!‘. r UN G LIME TO THE tIIP- k-4 RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing' 4 LUNG NO DOES NOT CO.-Tof RESTORER Never Fal IS i LAUDANUM, OPI. MORPHIA. LUNGR FOR WHOCPINCI 0111 ESTORER Ca A i•P" . [ UNG IT ACTS LIKE A ~- fig ESTORER Children like ii. of, 1.1) Never Pails ONE IQI 801 l 11A LL'S .102 D. A 1,10. g I Tsui RS.4'sToRER PROVES ITS VI ' Registered ESTABLISHED 0 , IVES I A STANT NEVER NEYO,:' RELIEF FAILS FAII)7. reA,lllo'/ EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS klrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Cro.r"-ocisie To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—" DEAR Sea,—! am 07-I,lfritt ittfy to the great benefit derived from the use of v0i%L.,.0,d, 4;STORE 0 'EI, which I have given to several -014 v Home—in two cases part. lularly its effects wer,,a3,, 030 ma having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shalt • tii • r commend it to all my friends. 'AU rum. When you ask, ask for a Bottle 0: 0nt,16 'TNut RESTORER. dent be persuaded to acceP! , IP are se. Upon the outside wrapper of every gentilli-vno pears my Trada Mark (the figure of HoPE) and ° ' 0 ware of fraudulent imitation' and innovations „ pit' i 0 -old by Chrnists and Stores everywhare. 1-Zait,4o,o . 10 and 2s. 9d. Should there be any dlrof raining, il will be sent carriage paid, on reCeigu v•icu-* -tee amount. ,fromi Ti-OS. HALL, 24, Queta . 4treet. London

===== 0002601_18960502_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
. .-.....:.,":_,.:...,.- -,,,,,.,......., , ...•, . .. ..::::.;,:'.Tp.,,,-...- :-.,:.;.'..,0;•...,::-....-::-;...-.,.....'..„ :. •• • ;;;.."•,..-1: -:'..-....',..',:•:-..•;:--?...-..".---,.......-.' ...7.•;.,.:..' •-• ~..,:;;:;,-;'....,..':„:!,7.;,..!:-..... •-f..,t...,.-:. • • - ..,;,...,...y. *44*.,' ...i...-.,

G-(

===== 0002601_18960502_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
tier" f

Gentle a, EmY evr and free.

-.-.--..-"."---

of their ever Of

===== 0002601_18960502_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-M3lO-

===== 0002601_18960502_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
{IOILN

__._---•"'''

liSEsl'

:ET. ITltgo

____ IF$

Ud 0 i SPI ENZ 3:ST r.,/ ,uftvP IS. p0W11,3 igvf t'oll St 6 10

coDPS' to al- Pi.

;S • a l'As •CtiO

ling* 4 )N 0c

0 601 CUC A. it• 0, V4.10;5 3 Y? r 14S. ,

===== 0002601_18960502_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLDSTON E AND SON S, LE GREAT HOUSE FURNISHERS,

115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET,

(OPPOITE THE FOUNTAIN),

ALL SAINTS, MANCHESTER.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE NOTED CABINETMAKERS. UPHOLSTERERS AND Marin FACTORS

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, • BED.,TEAD AND BEDDING MANUFACTURERS. DEALERSIN_SECOND-HAND FURNITURII.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SPECIMENS OF ANTIQUE CHINA, BRONZhS AND ARTICLES OFAVIRTU.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 115. 117, 119, WVORD-STREET, MANCHESTERI FOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND DINING AND DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE. BY GILLOWS, DYSON, LAMB, DOVESTONE, SNOWDON, &C.. Ac. AFTER CHIPPENDALE. SHEREATON, HEPPLEWHITE AND QUEEN ANN STYLES.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, DELIVER ALL GOODS FREE, OR STORE TILL REQUIRED.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, PAY CUSTOMERS' RAILWAY FARM.

GOLDSTONg AND OtklS, ALWAYS HAVE' COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. FROM £l5, TO £lOO IN STOCK. READY FOR DELIVERY.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND KITCHEN FURNITURE. BY PuLLOCK, OF BEITH BY BALFOUR, OF GLASGOW, BY NORRIS, OF BATH, BY SHOOLBRED, OF LONDON: AND OTHER NOTED MAKERS, UPHOLSTERED IN If OROCCOS, MOHAIR, UTRECHT. SADDLEBAGS I !cc., U.,

OOLD3TONE AND SONS, 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET,

GoLDSTONE AND SONS, 13E CAREFUL YOU GET THE RIGHT SHOP.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SPECIAL SFIOW OF CHILD'S COTS, IN ALL MAKES AND COLOURS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND 3313DR00 q FURNITURE, IN ALL STYLES AND MAKES, BY ALL THE NOTED MAKERS. IN WALNUT, MAHOGANY, BIRCH, ASH, CHIPPENDALE MAHOGANY, Ac., &C.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET,IMANCHRSTER

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR SECOND-HAND SPECIALITIES.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR BRASS AND IRON BEDSTEADS.

GOLD ST 0N E AND SONS, LARGEST SHOW IN THE CITY. NOT TO BE SURPASSED.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR SIDEBOARDS AND CABINETS. IN ALL MAKES AND WOODS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR OVERMANTLES AND PIER-GLA.SSES. OCCASIONAL AND CENTRE CHAIRS.

G 0 L DST 0N E AND I DONS, Pon KITCHEN FURNITURE.

OrOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE POOR MANE PROVIDER.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, RAILWAY FARES PAID TO CUSTOMRRS.

erOLDSTONE AND SONS. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE.

- qOLDSTONE AND SONS' CALL EARLY AND INSPECT.

oroLDSTON AND SONS, THE IMMENSE STOCK FOR YOURSELVES

CI-01 41"STON AND SONS, CARPETS AND LINOLEIIMS FITTED FREE.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAI.

The rumour to which the " Speaker " has given publicity, that Lord Salisbury is about to retire from the Premiership, that Mr. Balfour is to go to the House of Lords as Prime Minister, and that Mr. Chamberlain is to abandon the Colonial Office and become Leader of the House of Commons, does not receive the slightest credence in any well-informed quarter. Every possible reason points in precisely the opposite direction. If any change occurred at all it would not amount to more than Lord Salis- bury's resignation of the Foreign Secretaryship. Events during recent months have made the duties of that office very onerous, and the two functions of Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary are at present quite beyond the powers even of a man in the prime of life and in full health. Lord Salisbury is not now in the prime of life, and his health is not robust.

The Select Committee on the question of the un- employed is drawing near the close of its inquiry, and its report may be expected very soon after Whitsuntide. Only two or three witnesses remain to be examined, and the end of- the present week will probably see the evidence closed, when the committee will adjourn till after the holidays. Part ef the holiday pastime of the chairman, Mr. T. W. Russell, will be the framing- of the report, which is likely to give rise to considerable discussion. It is probable that the extreme party in the committee will prepare a minority report representative of their own views.

There is reason to believe that the. Venezuelan question was before the Cabinet at their meeting on Monday, and it is not at all likely,that Ministers separated without discussing President Kruger's answer to Mr. Chamberlain's invitation. I was formed that when the official correspondence is pub- lished it will be found that British diplomacy has suffered rather a signal defeat. At all events. Mr. Chamberlain's statement in the House has caused much depression in quarters specially inter- ested in Cape affairs. There is no doubt that the Colonial Secretary was misled as to the feeling of the Boer President in the matter. It is inconceiv-, able that he would have acted as he did if he had felt any serious doubt as to President Kruger's ac- ceptance of his invitation.

The attitude of the Irish landlords towards the Land Bill is known to be causing the Government some concern. If the Bill is not carried they will have to reckon with the Ul.ter tenant farmers. It would not have mattered much if the Nationalist members had displayed a hostile feeling, and the Bill bad been lost through their opposition But if the Bill has to be sacrificed owing to the hostility from the Ministerial benches Ministers will be placed in a very owkwarc. predicament. In the circumstances Mr. Balfour may,-after all, take the bull by the horns and insist on sending the Bill to a Grand Committee, as Mr. Courtney suggested.

Though the telegram which Mr. Chambet lain read from Pretoria, announcing sentence of death on the leaders of the Reform Committee, was listened to by the House of Commons in the profoundest silence, members no sooner reached the lobby than their tongues.were loosened, and the wildest and most reckless fabric of speculation immediately sprang into the air. War was openly prophe‘ied against the Transvaal if Ole sentence was carried out, and the belief was expressed that no Govern- ment would be allowed to hold office for a day that did not at once declare war. Now, at least three- fourths of the nation will be strenuously opposed to the throwing away of an enormous number of English lives and the sacrifice of an incalculable number of English millions of pounds to avenge the execution of men who have been parties to inflict- ing more harm to the empire than perhaps any four men have ever done in the whole course of our colonial history. Whatever the music halls may say and sing about Jameson—and even that cult is dying out—these Johannesburg gentlemen are not heroes; and their whole attitude towards Jameson and the amateur revolution in which they have made contemptible figures for themselves has secured for them unmitigated scorn. England will go the length of appealihg for mercy, but her Government will not be allowed to go the length of sending 40,000 men to South Africa to fight several bloody battles.

Arrangements are being made in the Rouse of Commons for a chess match between representa- tives of the Government and the Opplsition. The competitors will number eight on each side. It is proposed that each pair of players Shall play three games, and the side scoring the highest aggregate will be the winners. It is whispered that the best chess player in the House is to be found among the followers of Mr. John Redmoni, and that the next best iv a well-known Irish Unionist. The games will be played in the smoking-room, or elsewhere, as the players may find convenient.

Is Mr. Henniker Heaton about to add to his Post Office triumphs, and perhaps also to the perplexities of his party, by becoming a land reformer " Born a serf on the estate of an English peer "—so Mr. Heaton writes of the late Sir Henry Parkes. He is the first Tory Member of Parliament, so far as We know, to employ the appropriate word.

It may have been noticed that on Monday night, when Mr. Balfour's motion for taking the whole time of the House was under disoussion.Mr. Healy's voice was not heard, though both Mr. Dillon and Mr. John Redmond had a good deal to say on the subject. The silence of Mr. Healy was accounted for by his absence; and his absence has a moaning in it which shows how worthless were any pledges either by Mr. Dillon or Mr. Redmond that, the Land Bill would not be discussed at very great length. The fact is that Mr. flealY. has been buried for some time among law:books in the Dublin Law Library, to which he has transported himself for the purpose of studying the Irish Land Bill in the light of the legal decisions upon points bearing on the adminis- tration of the various Land Acts. 11,1 will therefore return to Westminster the most thoroughly- equipped debater in the House upon the various proposals of the Bill, and by sheer force of his knowledge and ability he will take the leadership of the Anti-Parnellites practically,if not nominally, out of Mr. Dillon's hands. But the fact that Mr. Healy has made this pilgrimage to the Dublin Law Library is a sufficient assurance that the committee stage of the Bill will neither be short nor easy, and it may lead to new developments before the session is quite over.

The feeling in regard to Mr. Chamberlain's recent action at the Colonial ()film is becoming more hos- tile every day among Conservatives, and a very animated debate is now certain to take place next Friday, or whenever the Colonial votes Come on There is every indication that Mr. Chamberlain will be severely criticised, not only by his friends below the gangway, but also by the leading members of the Radical party.

A gleam of liveliness was imparted to the Agri- cultural Rates Bill discussion on Wednesday by a raid made upon the landlords by Mr. Labouchere, who spoke with all the impartiality of one ,who, being opposed in talc to subventions in aid of local rates, is as strongly antagonistic to Sir Henry Fowler's amendment as to Mr. Chaplin's bill. Mr. Labouchere, maintaining that landlords are state tenants, the condition of their tenancy being the obligation to bear lozal burdens, was enlarging on their sole object being to exact rents, when Coleael Mellor interposed that he has plenty of land which pays no rent. "Will you give it to me ? " asked Mr. Labouchere. Co!onel Mellor declined the invitation. "All," said Mr. Labouchere, "because you want rent." The inisterialists gave evidence of the unpalatableness of Mr. Labouchere's home thrusts by indiscreetly, through Mr. Muntz, raising a point of order, objec- ting that references to the Chinese method of ap- plying the bastinado to those wile let their land go out of cultivation was not germane to the debate. This encouraged Mr. Labouchere great' y,as evidenc- ing the discomforture of his opponents. For the rest,the debate dragged its weary way along throughout the entire afternoon. Speakers were almost more plentiful than hearers, the groups who sought to attract Mr. Gully's eye at every opening Suggesting that the audience was chiefly composed of those less anxious to hear the views of others than to watch for opportunities to air their own,

TO PRESERVE YOUR HAIR use common sense: don rnin it by sousing it with cold water or starve it lwy neglect all living things require nourishment, and pure grease is un doubtedly the best nourisher of the hair: for more thaq a century.

ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL has been considered the test preserver of the hair ever used : it prevents it falling off or turning grey, ramoves scurf and promotes a luxuriant growth: for children it is unsurpassed : al,o in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s 64., 75., 10s 64. (equal to 4 small). Rowland's Macassar 011.—Nourishes the hair. Rowland's Macassar Oil.—Prevints baldness. Ask anywhere for Rowland's Macassar Oil of 20, Hatton Garden London, and avoid chest) worthleni imitations.

HOOD'S PILLS are easy to take and easy to operate. Sold by sll chsinists Is. 10. Can he obt.tined by post or sending price to Co. I. Hood tit C., 34,Snow Hill, London, B.C.

TOBACCONISTS C,ln mencing ; Illudrated Guide and Catalo gur, (266 paves) 3d. TOBACCONISTS' 0, TFITTLNG Co.-186 Easton-road, London. (Mgr), HENRY MYNPS.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MINER, SATURDAY, MAY 2, 1896.

MARRIAGE OF MR. F. R. ROBERTS, OF

WARRINGTON.

The marriage took place at Sunderland last week, of Miss Daisy Ranken, daughter of Councillor D. Ranken, of Sunderland, to Mr. F. R. Roberts, M.A., L.L.8., solicitor, Warrington, and youngest son of Mr. Richard Roberts, of Bewsey- road. The wedding ceremony was performed at the Grange Congregational Church, Stinderland, and was witnessed by a number of friends of the bride and bridegroom. The church had been tastefully decorated for the occasion by the scholars and young ladies of the church. ' The bride was given away by her father,and was handsomely attired in a dress of ivory white broche, trimmed with white silk. She wore a hat of fancy white straw, trimmed with plumes, and carried an exquisite shaver bouquet composed of Marechal Neil roses. She was attenned by Miss Ranken and Miss Ethel Roberts (daughter of Coun- cillor Henry Roberts, J.P.), as bridesmaids. Their dresses were of yellow crepon with white silk trimmings, and they wore Leghorn hats, trimmed with white rib- bon and daffodils. They also carried bouquets of daffo- dils. Mr. F. Brockhill, of Newcastle, fulfilled the duties of best man. The officiating elergyman was the Rev. William Spensley. After the wedding ceremony the party proceeded to the house of the bride's father, at Azatia Terrace, where the wedding breakfast was served. Amongst the guests present were .Councillor and Mrs. Rinken,Councillor and Mrs.H.Roberts,J.P.and Miss Ethel Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ranken, Mr. and Mrs. F. Ranken, Miss Ranken, Miss R. Ranken,Mrs. D. Ranken, Mr. Dave Ranken,and many others. Toe newly-married couple afterwards departed for Keswick where the honeymoon will be spent. l'he bride's travelling dress was a coat and skirt of heliatrope coloured cloth with hat to match. As will be seen from the extensive list of presents appended, many costly gifts were received.

NOTES AND NEWS.

General J.- übert, cf Transvaal fame, is a mild-man- nered, soft-voiced man, long past middle age. He was a plain, unpretending Br farmer until he came to the front in the war of 1830. He is a better general now ; his admirers say that he is a strategist worthy to compete with the best European generals.

The Duke of Norfolk has been seriously considering the desirability of utilising the cycle in order to expedite the delivery of telegrams. Of course the use of cycles would not be practical:le in certain districts,but it would in most of the chief industrial centres. Moreover, they could be utilised to reduce the cost of porterage—now a serious matter where, th,l distance exceeds three miles. The Postmaster General intends attaching cycliAts to a number of carefully selected offices. Of course this will be in the nature of an experiment,but if it answers, the scheme will probably be immediately extended.

I pavenr.c,nt ; .d ii Vienua, consists of granulated csrk mixed with miheral asphalte and other cohesive sub- stances,compressed into blocks of suitable size and form. Among the numerous advantages set forth in its behalf are cleanliness, noiselessness durability, elasticiy, free- dom from slipperiness,whether wet or iry,and moderate cost. Unlike wood, too, it is non-absorbent, and conse- quently inodorous. It presents the minimum resistance to traction, and, being elastic under passing loads, does away with the vibration caused by heavy teaming. The blocks are embedded in tar, and rest upon a concrete base six inches thick.

The Sultan of Morocco uses bicycles as instruments of torture for any of the ladies of his harem who have the misfortune to offend him. The unhappy odaliiques are compelled to mount machines and ride around a marked track in the palace gardens. Not knowing how to ride their repeated falls and other mishaps furnish the Sultan and his more favoured wives with endless amusement. When they have fallen 20 times—provided, of course, that they have not broken their necks in the meantime —the punishment is complete, and the bruised beauties are allowed to retire.

The report of the mining engineer of the Transvaal Government for the year 1895 is a very interesting document. During the twelve months 3.917.078 eons of quartz were mined on the Rand; and 3,601,697 were milled, producing 1,494,060 ounces of gold, valued at £5,383,540. The " saying " of gold from the tailings, Sze., brought in £2,309,470 more. On the other gold fields, such as Lyndenburg and DI Kaap,401,636 tons of quartz were milled, and the total value of the gold re- covered was £357,385 The grand total value for the whole Republic was £8,569,555. being an increase of £902,403 on 1894. There are 7,523 whites employed in the gold industry, and 54,17 natives.

Marshal Yamagata, who is now on the Continent on his way to attend the coronation of the Tsar, is not in very good health. He had a bad attack of influenza shortly before he left Japan,and his frienis insisted that he should be accompanied to Europe by a doctor. Ac- cording to the American papers the great Japanese general was therefore unable to accept the layish hospi- talities which were offered to him when he passed through New York ten days ago. What the Americans seemed to have remarked most about him was his modesty and his unmilitary appearance.

"The Coming of Rhodes" had a curious and amusing effect on the Portuguese authorities at Beira. So ex- cited were they by the approach of the" Colossus" that two gunboats and some 500 troops were sent to Beira, and the troops took up stations with Maxims and 7- pounders. On S. Patrick's Day there was great excite- m-nt. The hotel keepers raised green flags, cabbages, and all kinds of evergreens in honour of the occasion, and the Portuguese thought the hour had come for the dreaded revolt. A deputation to Colonel Machado suc- ceeded in convincing h,m of the harmless nature of the outburst of vegetables and evergreens. It is said that the formation of a local rifle club had something to do with the suspicions of what Mr. Rhodes might attempt. There are very few Englishmen at Beira, and a largo proportion are down with the fever.

"F. A.," obviously Mr. Frank Harris, essays to tells us in the "Saturday Review" of President Kruger as he is. The results may be brie& summed up. His personal honesty and courage are indisputable, he is a mighty hunter, the temper of his seventieth year is that of his early manhood, his moral courage is sa marked that it might be mistaken for obstinacy, he is impressionable and easily moved by those whom he trusts, in quite a peculiar way he twists Scriptural texts hr self-justifica- tion, he is a preacher of consideiable eminence. Finally, "he is worthy to be compared to Cromwell," and "if we must rank his ability loner, his inferiority may well be du sto the smallness of the field allotted to him by circumstances."

An extraordinary case has been investigated by the Liverpool police. An old man named Robert Shnlock, employed as a porter, after conveying a parcel to an address at New Ferry,crossed on his way back a field in which a donkey was grazing. The animal rushed at him, reared up and knocked him down with its fore legs.and afterwards worried him terribly about the head and body. The unfortunate man was afterwards found by a police officer and taken to the workhouse hospital, where he died.

It was reported to the Gloucester Board of Guardians on Tuesday that there had been during the last week 2,231 vaccinations and re-vaccinations. Dr.Sweeting,of the Local Government Board, addressing the Guardians, said nothing but vAccination would save Gloucester. Adults must judge for themselves whether they ought to seek its protection, but there were 3,000 unvaccinated &ildron in the city,who could not think for themselves, and the Guardians must without delay see after these by a system of organised vaccination, which required careful carrying out. The Board approved of the ap- pointment of ten additional vaccination officials. At Tuesday's meeting of the City Council it was an- nounced that the exnenditure caused by the epidemic would be spread over two years in special half-yearly rates of 9d. in the pound each.

Sir Donald Smith, the new High Commiesioner for Canada. is a native of Elginshire, but left Scotland at an early age to take a post in the Hudsom's Bay Company. He is a leading banker and railway potentate of Mont- real, and has played a considerable part in the commer- cial development of the Dominion.

It is stated that the joint property of the men con- demned to death at Pretoria awounts to £12,000.000 sterling.

AT THE F;)OT OF THE HILLS.

THE STORY OF A GIRL'S ESCAPE.

At the village of Troedvrhiw, in South Wales, lives, with her aunt, a Miss Rose Hancock. The village is very suitably named, for, as the Welsh derivation de- notes, it lies at "the foot of the hills," in the Taff Valley. From her plump, pleasant appearance one would hardly suppose that she had had a day's illness in her life. Yet, within a comparatively short time, she had passed thiough a most trying, and apparently a mortal: illness, which, indeed, made her friends despair that she would ever recover. Doctor after doctor was called in without success, a change of air and other means were tried, and all without success ; and when a lingering decline and death seemed the only prospect for her, a chance recommendation had such eminently gratifying results, that Miss Hancock was able to present the hardy-looking appearance in which the reporter found her. Miss Hancock, whose address is 36, Tyntaldwyn - terrace, Troedyrhiw, near Merthyr Tydvil, willingly granted an interview. She stated that she was twenty- one years old. About eighteen months previously she contracted a cold as the result of a slight chill, and it developed into symptoms of a most serious kind. It is Miss Hancock's opinion that she had dropsy. She was rendered extremely pale, weak, and feeble, and she was not fit to do the household work which she had pre- viously been doing. She states that she was very des- pondent, for she not only consulted local doctors, but was attended by medical men at Merthyr, and also went away for a change and yet after some months she made no improvement. Then it was, by one of those lucky chances which often have such a vital influence on human affairs, that she heard of the great benefits a neighbour had received from Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. On this recommendation Miss Hancock procured six boxes of the Pills, and after two boxes had been used she began to feel considerable benefit. She was speedily convalescent, eventually becoming as strong as ever, an able to do the work which had been too much for her just before. "Upon parents," says a well-known doctor. "rests a great responsibility at the time their daughters are budding into womanhood. If your daughter is pale, complains of w eakness, is tired out' upon the slightest exertion ; if she is troubled with headache, backache, pain in the side ; if her temper is fitful, and her appetite is poor, she is in a condition of extreme peril, a fit s bject for the development of that most dreaded of all diseases—consumption. If you notice any of these symptoms, lose no time in procuring Dr. illiams' Pink P:lls. They will assist the patient to de- velop properly and regularly; they will enrich the blood, and restore health's roses to the cheeks, bright eyes and a 1 ghtness of step will surely follow their use, and all dangers of consumption and premature death will be averted. %Vise and prudent mothers will insist upon their daughters taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills upon the approach of the period of puberty, and thus avoid all chancess of disease or early decay." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure not only cases like the above, but all the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood and nerves, such as anremia,pale and sallow complexion, general muscul r weakness,loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head- ache,early decay, all forms of female weakness,hysteria, 'paralysis, locomotor ataxy, sciatica, palpitations, low vitality, and wasting strength from any cause. These IPills are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, a.cd are sold by chemists and rby Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn- viaduct, London, E.C., at 2s. 9d. a box,or six for 135.9 d. They are unrivalled as a tonic and strengthening Medi- cine for both sexes.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF PRIISHNTS.

--- - Mr and Mrs R Roberts, cheque ICouncillor and Mrs H Roberts, cheque; Mr*and Mrs W noberts, toilet service ; Mr and Mrs T Crampton, hall barometer; Rev J and Mrs Davics, tea and dinner services; Councillor and Mrs Ranken, oak dining room suite; Mr and Mrs Charles Ranken, oak dining table Mr and Mrs F Ranken, oak dining roam overmsntel ; Miss Retta Ranken. brass clock; Mrs D Ranken, old silver gravy spoon; Mr Dave Ranken, oak adeboard ; Mr Joseph Clark, cheque and old family silver; Mr and Mrs Parkinson (London), silver tea tray ; Mrs Brown, cushions; Miss Ran.',en (London). table linen • Mrs C Ranken toilet service; Mrs F Ranken sideboard cloth; Miss Elsie Rankest, three vases; Coun llor and Mrs Sanderson, two cases silver tea spoons ; Miss Sanderson. brass coal vase and tongs; Mr and Mrs Usher, ebony hall brushes; Rev W and Mrs Spensley, silver toast task; Rev John and Mrs Yonge, silver and cut glass sugar basin and sifter; Mrs T W Pinkney, breadknife with ivory handle; Messrs A and B and the Misses Pinkney. silver afternoon tea service; Miss Pinkney and Mr A Robinson. silver hot water jug; Mr A. H Crosdeld, case of cutlery and silver; Mrs ',.harples, pair brass end glass flower vases; Mrs Gott, fru t dish; Mr Gott, mirror; Mr and Mrs T Steel, trinket set ; Misses 0 and A Hodgson. standard lamp; Mrs Hodgsoa, silk shade (lamp); Mr and Mrs Woo4s (Birmingham). album; Mr T Phillieson. dining room clock; Mrs Story (Hartlepool), work basket and case; Mr W H Burge 39 and Miss P•tyton, case nut crackers ; Mrs Riopon. d'oyleys and tray cloth; Mrs hubron. silver cake basket Alderman and the Misses. Pres- ton (Salt LakeiCity), ease of silver fish knives an* forks; Rev W and Mrs Prout, pair silver jam spoons; Mr G Hodg- son, just, oak fire vreen ; Mr and Mrs R H Pearson, smoker's eabinet ; Miss McKenzie. cushions and tea cosy; Mr and Mrs' T W Taylor, jun, folding mirror for toilet table; Mrs John Taylor. silver sugar dish and sifter ; Mr J R Bvans.silver match box; Mr W H Bayley, cut glass watering with monogram; Mr Alex Smith. crumb brush and tray; Captain and Mrs Thore.n. china tea service; Mrs Newbegin. silver and china dish; Mr McGregor. Doulton cheese dish; Mr and Mrs T Horan, brsss hanging gong ; Mrs G'over, afternoon tea cloth; Mr and Mrs ff If Ashton, case of hair brushes; Mrs Blrick, bread fork : Mrs Whinha-n, silver cruet; Mr Whinham, plant stand; Miss Scott, photo screen; Mr Greenwell, brass gipsy kettle; Mr H G Wrigley, volume of photographs; Mr W ii Payton, cigar nose; Mr George Wallington, silver matchbox; Mr Fred Fieldhoese, leatherwork bracket •, Captain and Mrs Butchari, silver bon-bon dish; Mr and Mrs F Reynolds (Bournemouth). sauce cruet; Mrs Montgomery. d'oylevs ; Dr and Mrs Lamoort (Lannaster), carved oak card table and chair; Mr and Mrs Frank Dean, silver jam dish; The Grange Chnreh "Mother's Meeting." silver stand for cheese, biscuits. butter and celery ; Miss Bttie Vaux, oil painting; Miss Alice Wainwright, oil painting; Mr Rdwin Robrts. two paintings: Miss Flossy Crosby, old Japanese plaque; Mr and Mrs W Young, pair ornaments; Mrs Wainwright. cushion . • Mrs Brodrick. ebony hair brush; Miss Crosby. tea cloth and mats ; Miss Addyman' d'oyleys ; Miss Bile Gibson, table centre ; Mr and Mrs Rutherford (Londor), oak and silver salad bowl; Mr Bert Miner, case silver serviette rings; Mrs and Miss Rawlings. oak tea tray and complete (nalport afternoon tea service; Mrs rfenderson, pair Worcester ornaments; Mr and Mrs J Weston, silver salver; Messrs Gordon and Dick and Miss Ethel Roberts, copper ket,le ; Misses Birene and Dora and M eters *idle and Harley Roberts, screen ; Miss Mabel and Master Percy Crampton, flower vase; Grange-Church Sunday school class, large framed pisture of Durh•m Oath dral ; Mr J G KirkuP, pair brass candle holders Miss Davison. photo frames; Mrs Charlton, celery glass; Mr F Brockhill, Doulton ornament; afr W Bartram, silver candlesticks ; Mrs Burn, butter knife; Masters and Misses Thoren.segar sifter ' • Miss Kidl. d'oyleys; Miss Beal, afternoon tea cloth ; Annie (maid), lower vases; Mary (maid), ornaments.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS • AT WARRINGTON.

A glance at the plans for the new Government buildings at Warrington reveals the fact that the structure will be both handsome and commodious The plans have been prepared by Mr. H. Tanner, of Her Majesty's office of works, London. The build- ing will occupy the site adjoining the Gymnasium, and abutting upon Winmarleigb-st., and What is known as Palmyra-square,or Hanover-st. The block presents a picturesque appearance, and is de- signed after the Elizabethan style of architec- ture. The main entrance will be in Hanover. street, and there will also be two entrances from Winmarleigh-street. Th 9 structure will be three storeys high, above which rises a dome which is utilised in connection with the ventilation. The building will be faced with Ruabon best dressed red bricks, with mullions of a different material. The basement will be used for storage purposes and will also contain sanitary conveniences. Entering the ground floor by the main entrance a long wide pas- sage is reached. On this floor will be found a bankruptcy office, plaints office, registrar's private and business offices, and also a women's waiting room. By the Winmarleigh-street en- trances, access is gained to the offices in connection with the Inland Revenue department which will be found on the ground and first floors, The first flocr also contains a public waiting room. Close to, is a small room set apart for witnesses, another for members of the legal profession, and another for jurymen only. The registrar's court is fifty feet long, and running parallel with it is the judge court, 28ft. in length. The judge's private room adjoins it. The second floor will provide accom- modation for the caretaker. The floors to the up- per rooms will he fireproof. It is intended to ti.!;e Dennis, Ruabon or Burrnantoft's glazed bricks in connection with some of the inside work. The ground floors will be of wood blocks and tiles.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
STRONG ENGLISH WORDS.

When a person says " I suffered excruciating pain," he expresses a fact in the strongest words afforded by the English language. The word " excruciating " comes from crux, a cross, and signifies an intensity of agony comparable only to that endured by one who undergoes the barbarous punishment of crucifixion. There are some diseases which, for a time,;cause pain of this acute and formidable nature. To find a relief for it, when

possible, is at once the impulse of humanity and the studious desire of science. Two brief examples may indicate what success is attending the effort to both comfort and cure cases of this kind.

" Nearly all my life," writes an intelligent woman, "I have borne the burden of what appeared to be incur- able illness. I always felt heavy, weary and tired. My appetitite was poor, and after eat:ng I had a cruel pain at my chest and between the shoulders. Frequently the pain was so intense th at I was impelled to loose my clothing and walk about the room My nerves were

disordered and impressible, and I was, consequently, easily disquieted. and ,upset. My sleep was habitually bad, and Lseemed non e the better for spending a night in bed. Eating but little my strength waned of neces- sity, and I came to be very weak. For a long time I got about feebly and with difficulty. "In August, 1887,1 had an attack of rheumatic gout, which gave me the most harrowing experience of my life. The complaint took its usual course and refused to yield to the ordinary treatment. Through the partial failure of the liver and kidneys dropsy set in and my legs and feet became puffed and swollen. I suffered excruciatinj pain and was confined to my bed for thir- teen weeks. Remedies of ovary description were tried, but to little purpose. "My brother, visiting me one day, said he had been cured from an attack of dropsy by a medicine called Mother Seigel's Syrup. I got a bottle from Mr. Hewitt, the chemist, in Seven Sisters'-road, and after taking it felt a trifle easier. I continued taking it, and soon the pain and swelling abated. I could eat without pain or inconvenience, and by a few weeks' further use of the Syrup I was not only free from any local all ment, but felt better than I ever did in my life before. Since then I have enj J yed continuous good health, taking a dose of Mother Sei;el's Syrup occasionally for some transient in.

disposition. Yon are at liberty to publish my letter. (Signed) (Mrs.) Elizabeth Rogers, 42, Plevna-road,South Totterham, London, September 13th, 1895." "In January,lB92,"writes another, " I had an attack of influenza, and was confined to my bad for eighteen weeks thereafter.Subsequectly I was very weok,and could get up no strength. Waat little food I forced down (having no appetite) gave me excruciating pais, so that I was afraid tm eat. I came to be exceedingly weak and

had frequent atttcks of dizziness. I was worn almost to a skeleton, and none thought I would recover.

"In June, 1892, M. Salith, a friend of ours, recom- mended me to try Mother Seigel's Syrup, which I at once procured of Mr. George Coombs, the chemist in Hueknall. After taking it for only one week I felt greatly benefited. I could eat better, and food agreed with me. Continuing with the Syrup I grew stronger, and soon felt even better than before I was attacked by the in fluenza. You are free to print this statement if you wish to do so. (Signed) (Mrs.) Ruth Halliday, 44, High- Street, Huckuall Torkard, Nottingham, March 19th, 1895."

Intense pain may or may not indicate urgent danger to life, but it is hard to bear, and very exhausting just the same. In cases :of rheumatic gout (Mrs. Rogers) the pain is caused by a pois onous acid in the tissues, origin ally produced by the decomposition of food in the stomach—indigesti on or dyspepsia. The same poison act;ng on the liver and kidneys creates the other symp- toms mentioned. In the case of Mrs. Halliday the ail- ment was dyspepsia, which in the first place invited in- fluenza, and then remained to torment her.

It is best and easiest to prevent pain by using Mother Seigel's Syrup immediately when the slightest illness

appears.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO BREACH OF PROMISE CASES.

Miss Julia Pickering, the daughter of a" bookmaker" at Hastings, was the plaintiff in an action for breach of promise of mar iage tried in London on Tuesday, the defendant being W. A. Law, an hotel proprietor. The engagement between the parties was contracted after a very short acquaintance, and ran the usual course. On the -10th of May the defendant was "yours till death," on July 10th the plaintiff was merely his" his dear Miss Pickering," and a short time afterwards he married a young widow. The plaintiff was "broken-hearted," and resorted in her extremity to a solicitor, who served the defendant with a writ. The jury awarded the plaintiff damages to the amount of £250. In the course of the proceedings it was mentioned that the plaintiff had" thou ht of going to Newmarket, as she was not well in health." The learned Judge said that was a peculiar place to go to for change of air, whereupon the plaintiff's counsel observed, Indifferently, that "many distinguished persons went to Newmarket." The learned Judge was Mr. Justice Hawkins, who is a great lover of horse racing. The bitter cry of a domestic servant at Cheadle who had been jilted by a farmer was also heard with much sympathy by a Manchester assize jury on Tuesday. The parties had shown none of the rash precipitancy which was disclosed in the Hastings case. In 1881 they were first introduced to each other, and in five years they were engaged. Ten years later they became disengaged, and defendant, after causing the plaintiff to waste ten or fifteen years upon "a mean-spirited fellow," posi- tively declining to fulfil his promise. Probably the fifteen years had seemed all too shorn' time to enable him to 'study the plaintiff's character and disposition. At all events,when pressed for what in higher circles is styled a declaration of policy, he pleaded that no time had been fixed for the wedding. The defendant did not venture to go into the "box," and the jury awarded the plaintiff the substantial sum of £350. Fifteen years would seem to be the normal duration of an engagement at Gatley, the defendant's brother having spent that length of time in "courting "the lady who now enjoys the happiness of being his wife.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

During last week, which was the 16th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :

Births. Deaths. Warrington 52 21 Latchford 2 1

Total 54

The excess of births over deaths was 32. The death rate from all causes was equal to 195 per I,ooo,against 15-1 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 14.5 the corresponding week of last year. The death rat P from the seven chief zyraotic diseases was equal to 1.6 per :,000. against 14 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against Nil the corresponding week of 1895. The ages of mortality were- 0— 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 7 1 10 4 22

22 The deaths included-1 from scarlet fever. 1 from whooping cough, 2 from phthisis, 1 from cancer, 1 from child birth, 1 from old age, 3 from lung disease. 2 from heart disease, 4 from brain disease, 2 from debility. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Szarlet fever, 1 case. Total number of patients in heipital on Saturday, April lgth-6.

METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 45 Fah., and therefore 4.3 degrees colder than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 55F., was recorded on the 17th inst., and the minimum temperature 35F., on the 13th inst.

The Rainfall measured •54 inch. The general direc- tion of the wind was N.W. The reading of the Anemo- meter detloting, 1,475 miles. JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT WOULD THE CODFISH SAY?

If the codfish in the seas realised how great a bless- ing they are to mankind, they would not mind so much being caught, and dried and salted. At least, this is one way of looking at it. The oil alone that is made from their livers has probably saved more lives than anybody will ever realise. Most of its wonderful bene- fits are "born to blush unseen." Fortunately, some of them are not, and may thereby accomplish much good. Here is a case we are enabled to publish "In MayllB9o,l had a very severe attack of influenza, which left both lungs weak. Each winter since I have had bad attacks of bronchitis or inflammation,my lungs getting worse and worse, until I found myself in Janu- ary, 1895, quite unfit for my occupation,and had to give up my situation. The doctor pronounced it consump- tion, and ordered me to Clifton, where I was during February and March, without any benefit. About this time a friend sent me a bottle of Scott's Emulsion, asking me to try it. I did so, and thought I felt slightly better. The phlegm became less and the night sweats less frequent. In April I went into I Devonshire, my friends were thinking I had come to die,as I was so weak. Good nursing,and the regular use of Scott's Emnlsion,soon gave me strength,and I rapidly gained weight—over nine pounds in two months. I was ordered here for the winter,and I am glad to say that so far I have been entirely free from all colds, and am feel- ing stronger than I have for more than a year past. I hope with the regular use of Scott's Emulsion to be able to resume work in a month or two. For seven months I have taken no other medicine,although I am under the care of a doctor here. I told him what I was taking,and he said: "Continue taking it,as it agrees with you. It is a capital preparation,and to yeti is both medicine and food.' Thero are many case like mine. They cannot take the raw cod-liver oil,but if they tried Scott's Emul- sion,would find they could easily digest it-And if they be- gan taking it in time, woold gain strength, instead of gradually sinking away.—Yours very sincerely, (signed) EDMUND D. JORY, 3 Belvedere, Lincoln Avenue, Bournemouth, January 28th, 1896." It is interesting to know that Scott's Emulsion is a perfectly palatable preparation. It presents cod liver oil in an easy form for digestion and assimilation, and com- bines with it the hypophosphites of lime and soda in such a peculiar way that the potency of each is increased. In no other preparation can be found this ideal combina- tion, Red in no other preparation is there such perfect manipulation of the oil. This is why Scott's Emulsion is effective in eases where other forms of cod-liver oil have proved useless. A trial of Scott's Emulsion will convince you of its superlative merit. You can always distinguish the I genuine by the unique trade-mark of a man carrying a big fish on his back, which is on the wrapper of every genuine bottle. (16)

To IVlnTHEns.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button," Of all chemists, is. id. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION AT THE Y.M.C.A.

ROOMS.

MR. STEWART'S DEPARTURE FOR CHICAGO.

There was an interesting gathering in the Lecture Room at the Y.M.C.A., last week, when the workers assembled to bid "God speed "to the late secretary, Mr. H. Stewart, :mho is proceeding to Chicago for special training. The proceedings tock the form of a social meeting. Mr. Wylie presided, and he was sup- ported on the platform lay hfr. A. H. Crosfield, Mr. Stuart, and Mr. Edmund Osborne (the new secretary of the Y. M. C. A.) In opening the preceelings, the CHAIRMAN said that was their last meethig with Mr. Stewart prior to his de- parture for Chicago, where he was going to enter an instituti ,n under the direction of Mr. Moody, the cele- brated evangelist, where instruction was given to Young Men's Christian Association secretaries. They regretted Mr. Stewart was abAut to leave them as they had spent manvpleasant hours together. Mr. Stewart had given a stimulus to many of the movements in connection with the Y.M.C.A. at Warrington. (Hear, hear.) But he was desirous of equipping himself for a higher and nobler work. His great desire was to work among young men, and he (Mr. Wyllie) was sure Mr. Stewart would carry with him their best wishes. They had also to welcome that night their new secretary (Mr. Osborne), who had boen connected with their institution for a great number of years. (Applause.)

Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD said he had come there that night hoping to participate in a social evening in which they intended to express in some degree their feelings towards Mr. Stewart, and to leave with him pleasant recollections of his association with the Warrington Young Men's Christian Association. He had intended to have joined in the proceedings to the extent of playing a tune or two on the piano. (Laughter.) He did not know whether it was fair to spring a speech upon him. (Laughter.) It was rather a delicate matter to pay com- pliments to a friend's face. It was, however, a great pleasure to him to be able to say a word about their good friend before he left for that vast country on the other side, of the ditch where he was going to take up his quarters for a time. He (Mr. Crosfield) had heard and read a great deal about Chicago and to judge from what one heard, there was ample oppor- tunity for a coming reformer in that part. (Laughter.) Still they were very sorry to lose their friend, Mr. Stewart. It had been said that Mr. Stewart's personality had counted for a great deal at that Y.M.C.A. They could not eliminate the personal equation, and it would be a bad job if they could. Mr. Stewart was a man of great activity and energy,w hi ch counted bra great deal. Everyone who had came into contact with him had felt the stimulus of his energy and his good example. After all, examole was a good thing. If example were better than precept he w.s quite sure that there was not a few of the members of the Association, and he hoped he was one of them, to whom Mr. Stewart had been able to preach a salutory sermon on many occasions. (Hear, hear.) He wished him God sp-ed, and success in the best sense of the word in everything he undertook. He (Mr. Crosfield) felt sure that Mr. Stewart would do justice to all the work that lay before him in what he trusted would be a very long life. (Applause.)

_ Short speeches were also made by the following gen- tlemen,who referred in felicitous terms to the services of Mr. Stewart to the Young Men's Christian Association:— The Rev. E. T. Reed, Messrs. James Hortonj. Bent, E. A. Sanders, Storey, Bayley, Fisher, and E. Osborne.

The CHAIRMAN said they were not going to let Mr. Stewart leave them wit Out some token of their apprer elation f his services. Rather unexpectedly he (the Chairman) had been asked G n behalf of the Bible Class and a few friends to present Mr. Stewart with a bible, which he would no doubt make his companion in future days. (Applause.)

Mr. STEMPLE; in a few appropriate words, expressed his pleasure at the gift. No more suitable present could have been selected. In referring to the friends he had made in connection with the Warrington Y.M.C.A., he said young fellows in Warrington did not know what they were missing in not being associated with it. It had been an education to him to come into contact with the men connected with the Warrington Young Men's Christian Association. There had been some zealous workers in connection with it long before he came to Warrington, and when he thought of the work which had been done in the past,he began to feel that there were many occa- sions upon which he might have done more. If he had the time to go over again he would try to do more than he had done. In conclusion, he thanked all connected with the ins' itution for the help and sympathy they had extended to him. (Applause.) After light refreshments had been handed round, a short musical programme was proceeded with. Mr. A. H.Crosfield very e:ficiently rendered several Scotch,Eng- lish,and Austrian airs,and a melody by Rubinstein. The vocalists were Miss Kent and Mr. A. Griffiths, and both sang in an excellent manner. Mr. H. M. Ashton, in his inimitable manner, contributed a reading entitled "The Training of Parents." The duties of accompanist during the evening were fulfilled by Mr. Hickman.

It may he added that Mr. Stewart sailed for Chicago z,i4 Montreal in the Allan Line R.M.S. Sardinian, from Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

THE TRAFFIC.

• During the fortnight ended April 24th, 333 seagoing cargo vessels, with an aggregate tonnage ot 93,407 net registered tons, arrived at or sailed from the various docks, wharves, ikc., in the Ship Canal. Of these,eighty vessels of 48,574 tons were engaged in the foreign trade, and 253 vessels of 44,833 tons were employed in coasting traffic. Compared wan the returns tor the preceding forteight, the traffic during the period under review shows an increase of eighty-two ships and 12,882 net registered tons.

HOW VIOLIN STRINGS ARE MADE.

The violin, it is said, is the only musical instrument that possesses a soul. But the quality of its harmonies depends as moch upon its strings as upon its body. The manufacture of these threads of catgut, from which a master of the art is able to draw such exvisite strains, an important industry. It - is, says s‘ Science Siftings,” is not carried on in this country, to any extent, at an events ;the finer qualities of strings are not made here, because English sheep have not the right sort of intes- tines: Catgut, contrary to the popular notion, is not derived from the domesticated tabby, but from lambs. A manufecturing centre for violin strings is the town of Markueukirchen, in Saxuny. The business there is a very old one, and is believed to have been started ori- ginally by immigrating Protestant Bohemians during or soon after the Thirty Years' War. The processes em- ployed have always been kept sccret, being banded down from father to son, generation after generation. However, the methods in a general way are sufficiently well known for purposes of descrinGon. In 1777,a union of string-makers was founded, and a law was passed forbidding any one not a member of this organisation from plying the craft, penalties of a fine and imprison- ment being establisned. The secret held most important was the composition of the lye mixture employed to bleach the strings. In old days. likewise, every maker of violins had his own peculiar varnish. He was perpetually seeking to dis- cover the philosopher's stone of his trade—namely, a varnish such as that used by Stradivarius, Guarneries, and Amati, which should impart to his instruments an imperishable beauty, while revealing the satin-like finish of the wood ben 2ath. But since the days of those celebrated and unequalled manufacturers of fiddles the production of such a varnish has been a lost art. The makers of strings at Markneukirchen, formerly glt their raw' material in Germany. But in 1840 the whole town was burned up, and one manufacturer went away in search of a livlihood, finally reaching Copen- hagen. Noticing large flocks of sheep in Denmark, he bought some of the guts and made strings of them, which were found to be of letter quality than the home brand. This discovery resulted in large importations of the article into Markt.eukirchen, and at about the same time the first strings were exported to this and •other countries.

_ The supply of material for the finest strings has at no time equalled the demand, and half the world has been ransaeked fer sheep-gut possessing the requisite qualities. In 1861 another enterprising citizen of Markneukirchca crossed Russia—at that time a venl:ure of no small peril —and 1 ought quantities of the intestines of the steppe sheep of that country. These were found tn be superior to anything previously obtained, awl to the present day manufacturers at Marknenkirchen get the bulk of their sheep-gut from Russia, amounting annually to about £40,000 worth. Other material is imported from Den- mark, Spain, Bulgaria, Turkey, Java and Palestine. Unfnrtunatelc. the Rtssian gut has deteriorated Since the filck owners have crossed the breed of the steppe sheep and the Spanish sheep for the sake of improving the wool.

The qualities desired in catgut for violin strings are a symmetric Ily cylindrical form combined with a trans- parent whiteness. Ordinarily the purchaser contracts with the breeder for all of his gut for at least one year. He has his own cleaning establishment annexed to the slaughter-house, and in person supervises the processes. Immediately after the animal is killed all crease and foreign matter must be removed from the intestines, else the latter will become discoloured. Then they are wound on frames and left to dry in the open air. The gut for a musical string must be from a lamb born in spring and slaughtered not later than October or Novem- ber of the same wear; those from older sheepcan be used only for bass strings or for minor purposes. The best quality is termed "summer gut," being from a lamb killed in summer. It is chiefly employed to make E strings, which are the most important. "Spring gut" is second quality ; though lacking tenacity, it is good enough for G, D, awl A strings. The dried intestines, when they reach the manufac- turer, are placed in earthen vats containing lye. After soaking for twenty-four hours they are unravelled. Again they are put into lye. being subjected to repeated baths n this substance. Meanwhile they are manipu- lated again and again for cleansing, the external mem- branes being removed, so as to leave only the fibrous material. They are bleached in a sulphur bath and ex- posed to the sun. The next process is to rub each string with pumice stone, to remove any inequalities and to bring it down to the requisite diameter. A polish is ap- plied by frequent wiping with olive oil. Before shipment the strings are dried, cut, rolled and assorted according to colour. They will retain their quality for an inde- finite period if inclosed in hermetically sealed boxes. The best violin strings are of Italian manufacture. The demand for them is so large that ten times as many Italian strings are sold as Italy is able to produce. Markneukirchen turns out large quantities of so-called Italian strings. Special care is taken to make them equal to the best. They are put up in Italian fashion, and sometimes are disposed of as " Padua" strings— Padua being the Italian city where musical strings are chiefly made. The intestine of the American sheep is not suitable material for musical strings, because, from the spring lamb it is too weak, and from the summer sheep it has a wart-like growth every 3 or 4 feet which unfits it for use. The climate of America isaiso too het, causing the gut to ferment before i has been throneh the requisite number of lye baths. Experts from Mark- neukirchen have settled in the United States for the purposes of practising their craft there, but for the yeasons mentioned they have not succeeded very well.

The coroner's jury which ha q inquired as to the death of several children whose bodies were found in the river at Reading on Monday returned a verdict of wiltul murder ag-iirast the woman Dyer.

The vtoyal L4und-esse3 say Critchley's 'STARCH Gloss is uneg ;tiled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched 'nen Ice., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn- wall says: -" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss '" From Mr'—, Bradford s—Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you th it I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes „nd Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most tarch tfrllers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CUITCa LE r, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
4.ffsf,aAmfA4j3f

GIVH HASH AND 00 vIPORT DURING TICHTHING. Peasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value ior yourselves. Bold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps. from :sole Proprietors PRITCIIARDS LTD. CH '1 IST. CIIIADLE, M NCHEsTER,

* 314(vir "HOW IT'S CROWN." The tea-seed is s-mn in a ntirsery-plot,and _

...._ ~ _ . *when the seedlings are about one year old and ten or twe.ve inches high, they are * tr4nsol int.:d into garden-rows about four *teet apart. The young tr in.plants require * endless pitience and attention, for there may *be too much 5 in, or too much rain, there are also blighting-, e ts, and ' he rink jungle- *grasses growing with amazing rapidity in * the tie ming soil would soon overtake and smother the cultivate ti seedlings. So, *throughout all the growing season, the hoe, which is the typic tea-garden tool. has ever * to be at wok. indeed, this perpetual hoe- ing, by his gangs of coolies, is always the planter's most serious expense. *The tea-plant is pruned from time to * time, to in iuce it to grow symmetrically *bwity, to encourage the bud-bearing and * leaf-yieliiing shoots and to keep it about frur feet, high. that the picker's hand may . Airre ich it all. The plant, must not be plucked * for lea • until it is ,ome four years old, so *that, for at lea t tour dragging years, the * planter has to keep on paving out money month fter mouth, whilst receiving ~ *nothing in ref urn, and, all the we4ry while en, toring infinite anxi -ties about his aggra- 110 K *4,i-ding c °hes, and the de-potic weather, it and the future of his venture. Thirtki ig of alt this,you will is °rider h iv, it's 1 ossible for ..... , * ()UR &GENTS EVE,IYWHERB * * to sell you our denims Tea for as litt'e as ;... 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-,2/4, 8,2/8 AIK ~ * ALB. *

* BROOKE, BOND & CO., -* LIMITED.

l• T lii LANCASillini EhA WAREHOUSES, * 17. PICCADILLY, ?9. MARKET STREET 1 MANCIIBSTER XOrk * _

*********

===== 0002601_18960502_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • _ !;•.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
be Otanlistr 4' -otrlts.

PRBPAID A.DVERTISEMBNTS. ming under thefollowlng neaa. ire inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Oh CHAROI4, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTNEN TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT. PARTNEItSRII WAS ED, APARTMENTS W A.NTED . MONEY 'WANTED , paotalo ARTICLES YOB SALE -BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, Misorzwzoue Warms. Flociaita AND OTHER PEEXISES TO BE 12L'T OR SOLD. One Three Bix Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 27 Os is 104 —. 3s Od 36 is Gd ... 2s *Eki —. 4$ Od 46 .. ls ad ... 3s ... 54 Od 54 The above charges are for PREPATNENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per Insertion.

Marital( #,erbantO, Scr. lA/ANTED, a atronractive GIRL, nal3or 14; to live Tv —Wicalax SZZIE, 19, Whalley Runge, Blpokbura. _ 4_ _ from country preferri=cfrgi-bad WRgee. and home to assitable i)ereen.-39 PRIOR-ST.. Birkenhead.

NVANTRD good GRITERAL. ocaniertatle home.—Appfly wit& references tols DERBI,ROhIt, Fallowfietd. Man- chester.

VVANTBD, COOK%-eBNERALfcr frelaly of four; tonne- scald kept. apply Mrs. WEsr;TheTicarsige. Itisittoms. Illacittourn.

WANTBD a respectable GIRL as General; 'write stairmg, ake and.wages resole-ed.—hies. 'Xs:to, 23, Oakbusst; Grove, Peckham Rye. •Letidon, S.D.

NIVA.NTED, Axpel+ece A ed GRNBR.L ; age :a ,t ender fond -ef children ; good horne ; ehankel kr required.— Idrs. Vircarvi. Sev,rn View; Quatforel,,fkidgnc krth.

NvANTßD,..experiensed, capabIeAIENERAL.; also Nurse- Housemaid for family of three ; one cl aild.—hddress, Mrs. COLLIER, LeiglaTEack. Prestwich, Manche, ter. - 11 BIeBRA.LS, COOKS, NURSES, Wanted lm IncNately. for ki good Situations, in New Brighton,— /Ira. Rama.. .. ltockfield Agency," Sechank-roful, Liscard. ( )ppasite 19Iaaw: Bros.

WANTED, ia st2perior General SHIIVANT, able to .codk and bake welt.; thoroughly- trustwort Iyl'huirdh- wonvin referred.—Mrs. GRANGER, 'Fairholt Re. Paillirant Lancambire,

VIrANTRD, Cooks. Heusatnaiartds, a. 4 We Itr isst,s stud Geni‘rals for siltputs ; good taraibies.—. KATIP4I%. Ladies British Registry. 10. Maacr-equAre, ()toy, sear Leeds.

Qtit4s-6BNERALS‘and GIRLS can be at one•I -supplied with Situations in Southport, leusirtb Is seastin or, private by s,pplyir.wer writing to the ItArzitiAL AomscE.7ll3. Hogllton-street, i•outhport,

,r Al.,strand FilvMeAr LBINNER6StattI stfZPVITAII.I TsoVoipe, LVI At tendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nu) wt. Message. apply or telegr„pl).—•• hen'aes," Liverpool. 'elepliozre /TO

===== 0002601_18960502_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiblanteb.

if V Stairlpli t-for certain cure. J. Aksawe. RTH„ Wl6Ol Choy.

VACANCE fer PUPIL, or. Poultry-Farm in Kurt .; terow V moderate;:good borne.—POULTRY, 3. With uount-tree,. Woolwich.

yOUNG MAN'WANTED, 355. pr week and commission. Regular work: spleadtd opening.—Addr esti, Cour° Nif OBES , Farnworth, Bolton. Lat. 0 _ AGIiNTB wacted everywhere for; patented tHousehoki Novelty: enormous profits. Sanip'e post tree 3d.— Boma and fa0.,41.:5t. Andrew's Hill, London.

itcrrvE AGENTS, wanted; 30s. weekly cull} enced.oa Commission.; quick promotion to-gsod m tn.—APO/7 )liiaaEa, 28, Cobharn-street,; Gravesend.

WANTED, Patrice, Cucumber, Asparagus, Tom atnee. ,snd all market gic,den produce ; quanttes rgulertLy.— Hirser SHITZLI). Borough Market, Loudon.

VVRNIENG 1101113 lIMPLOYMBNT.—HaIf-hour e/pying _12.1 addresses, no esumaseing, ss. upwards weekly 3 inetrue- Corm te.—lhearze, V, Upper -Bridge etrett. Dublin.

frOBACCONISTS .eammeneleg IllustmteA GI, tide 4in6 I. Crttalogue,(2s9,pages) 3d.—Tonocco=7:2' VVFITTINn Co.. 186 Ruston-road, London. 438tablished 1E66 ; &louver, HENRY WYERII.

lIPPOKBIGN «POSTAGE bTAMES.—Wanted,to p these An Oln Collection. or any English Stamp: iBBoe I before 1880 (need or unused) eneeot ld, red (used).—J. LLB waxeia, Machynlleth. Montgomeryshire.

CIANA DIAN WARMIN,..-4Wanted, at once several pupils V also young ladies ;rboird, k4ging. and, pay;t excellent prospects ; pamphlet ; ,fartieulars free.—;UgNar llowsom, 46. High-street, 4heffiel I.

WANTBD, Lsdies ar.d Yougg Men, ago-i-1.5 to 2.3 ,f o .Govermnent Appointments. Examinations quarterly. Preparation through post 2,000 vacancies. sztawally.--- Write CVZi.EinEvmE Scaoa.l., Eing-strost, Hull.

.. I SURA.NCH AGENTA.—WasstA d. Agento in La ca- r t--V--------- . . shire and ;Cheshirerteawns lind vlllaws ; id.eral terms. Apply British Mutual ;,B.late Glass Insunintie Company , (IJimited), 3.43atlssiodge-strcet, Leeds. - -- - ---- —-- - - A GENTS WANTED, eneyzetia.mencan earn Et. per week LIL. in :spare time by latest domestic novellt.y. dells at sight aoywhere. Sersaplq.poct freei, 6d.., (worth. elauble) with . lea particulars.---tLalscssTaa, Hiatus:, and. C 0... d'rizinghalL Bradford.

-VERB TUITION ...far Oivil Service 'Zama. ; reilhucc,emi id preparations by tkoronghay qutlifitirt ,rnastera - ,-goo'cl pay, permanent emplgliment, skeet hourienision.— tisuriaolll. CORRESPONDENCE COACHIN4: AGENCY, 11413 C Finch- ley, Louden.

a to 255. A Wliglt, salary offered to either 1.03. VD . sex ,('for .spare hours) ever oritere. The work ,can bc,done ev.zinge.—Aroly. enclosing sereiceesed en- , welopc, to P. .Psixinati,A Co. 25),, Albert Meuse, St. Mary Ohuccb. Torquay.

lAr A.DITED. men or mot-ilea gosing ot having lost their VT lair,3CnoWtht has been dieco7erell a ipGsitive -cure; thousands of testimonials.; in very had cases samples tree; prie 2a. 6d., 4.43,4., and I's. ; stiar.ped envelnpe for -coupon ..and parLicuLsra.—Toolks, Hair King, I,l3ekburn, Lancashire.

HARROPS, 122. BRIDGE-STRAD:L. WAIL'I.INGTON BASSINIEITTBS and MAIL CAILT ik-A137 direct from the maker,; cash or easy tax/meats. Remit Collectors. insur- *nee Agents, and.ollers wanted to ,aoliclt *Adel, ; goGd. re- Uaerati oil.- -Note addre..s. 11ARRC154. I2.l3ridge-atrect. WaYrlAgt4n.

pubitt Ignialss, 4zerhon4ts, *to

ENUINH DEBR and WINB Houae, ing*PC £65 ; Pied kir position, in isaturbs.—EL4o,Ny, 2. lime-street., Li verpaoL

_ -.4IULLY iioied PILELIC. entirely feee invoiku.g £lO3 rnopey-making home, every proct.—BAILAW. 25. Lime •'L. lAverpowl.

.ei

-14.TICE CORXRIZ PUBLIC, free spirits, iagQinsvcialy £l2O. ji s lendid eixinee ; reoammende Lime - street. Liverpod.

4g44.EGRAPRIO A IiPP.SO3 " APOLLO."

TEL ,K 440157.

961 BOLD STREET,

LIVERPOOL

HIGH CLASS PIANOS

f, STEIN WAY, WIALARD AND COLL A 119,, BRINSMAD, HOPKiNgON, BOED, ALLISON, ,

z

s

AND THE

CELBRATED DRAPER PIANOS,

FitieE.S FROM 16 QUINE.A.S. _

(.‘

===== 0002601_18960502_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
AcAN ()HGANS

,NiA80k:4444111,4011401, ESTY, BELL, BAUR, Cd.aistßiPifi:',.-NEWAIAN ORGANS, wee; ivigett trx. 11. E 'AND G. H. DREAPRII AR THE •""•4 • - " BMX AGENTS. ' tasn.P.Ricm FROM ce . ,f r,

'I

• •

er 1_ ANOS it 8. PER MONTIL ORGigS FROII OS. PER MONTI]. El PIANCOPOk'DES IrAß‘ltgiting,lS FOIL ORDINARY HIRE, REPAIRED, TAKEN IN EXCrIANGE, AND TUNED, SIN(*LeY OR BY 111 E YEAR.

127 ONDON.—TAY HOTEL. 15/i, Ruston Road (3 minutes to Al I King's Cross, St. raneras and huston btations). Beci jsd Attendattee 2r. 6d. Highly- reco Eamendad , d—. •;{

filtottilantoug.

Hol;rt,ewi. th rieerßipe4otl!:)iiiT)baokne,r9oacca. Tile. of Rood ale le. 9zd,

ABARGAIN. Wash Leather, the test of ages. Don't use worth!ess.substitutes. Send post d orderer stamps, for one Large Chamois Leather and coo panel cleaner "The Sponge Eelipse4l."ls. 10. or wan leather and an cash bag 3-fold, is. 40., or the lot Is. nu. at free in Great Britain. Why be without a finished leather lit for jewelle y. plate, carriage or window? Show your friends. Dozen or half dozen. Parcels Post.—Jo.sEs, jun., Beeston Road, Lenten. N ottingham.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND

DECORATORS.

lIMGRELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury. ,cliapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Mouiding, Veneered and ,I'4ney4Wood, Alouldings,&e. Wholesale C:+rvers e.nd Gilder and Itlnurit :Cutier." ,liegdniug, Special a: tention to eountr3r ,ordeva,' - Full. particulars in New FatLern Books klst put- 10Tpages coutaining all the newest designs for six penny iternP3s- Gla6s Lists Fr:a> f.;,-,onthly. Telegram 13nBVtlW, -London;'

===== 0002601_18960502_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MAY 2, 1896

AVAtellantoul.

OttOttliantous.

'alt bp cluttion.

CM Poultry, &t.

IIAEA Dorking EGGS; 25. Ed, per sitting of lb.— 1. GOODALL, Stoke Grange, Market Drayton, Salop.

CONSUMPTION. BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

I will dernonstrae to the whole world and to suf- ferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be permanently cured by an entirely New Method of treatment, without the chance of failure. Particu- lars —Gratis" from Mr. WILLIAM, 11, Burwood place, Norfolk Crescent, London, W.

CM, Voultrp, Su.

EGG-S, Cook's strain, Black Minoreas, as. bd. per sitting.- 503, BOROIIGH-ROAD, Birkenhead.

ttbv.ttork, Scr.

Otorko, )345intion5,

IJutittrattons.

A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN

The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is c ,nveniently divided into 12 chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty,ur when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best age for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful in- formation that one can ordinarily get only from an in- tell,gent doctor. The third chapter tre its of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The filth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats ot mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats cf maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not clue tolongings on the part of the mother, bat rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh ohapter treats of sterility Wes the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the change," a most important article tor all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book is wiitten which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to warned women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the ca,e. for knowledge is power and the means oi attaining happiness. The book can t e tied from Dr. T• 11. ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4, -.:pariisli-place Manchester-square, London, W., in return for a rostal crder or is. Id.

etntrOt

GRAND ,xii 1BITI°;4

OF AMARYLLIS AND IMANTOPHYLLOS.

ROBERT KER AND SUNS a to" Especially invite inspecition of their splendid Collee 006 of these New and Gorgrous..-iowr3,n rw in bloo'ejsl continuing this month. Awarded March 22 the Gold tledal of the Royal Haarlem Floral SocietP 510% brilliancy, form, and sivt of our ilowErs quite the Dutch varieties.

AIGEURTH NultiEßY, GRASSE:O:OEOi ,004 Three minutes' walk from er,ssington tatiOflrt.yeaffo° trains from Central 6tati )n, or tiarston 'Bus bouriJ Exchange passes the Nurs,.r.v

Seed Warehouse and Office

BASNETT -STREET LIVERPOOL. elephone 665. Nurbery Telephone 2.72

1,....".......

92" B

GINIJI FIER ( NOTEE DIAMO MARBI PLATE ALL El

faNOTE.--A %raw, ce. ktiele7Val (DIOR(

,__

ruby tod. Jel 1, wit ez th-e the .01 Arioed for 25 ye; 14114 RUss g_2 - kake tor tontai, rrieter With ttight ea, last yea! DaYmeni TRH

wo) tl 4 ItbetZhea. 4,-"rbelci 41,7wne1 bekid 1,6/ 13"x8 E 4-11adu Ali Li £4 44, cl fire LB-narat Claw Pe Well WE and f invite:l7

g 2 -I)Vely '4, are ; '1113'57

k %toile II %olid th

===== 0002601_18960502_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
A DEiIDERATUYI FOUND

The Trouble with Children's 1-leads, which is liable to Arise even in the beat regulated farn,lics is stow reduced to a mini- mum, as TRUMAN'S NURSERY LOTION by one application only, effectually destroys all parasites, at the same time devitalising all nits It it clemly and is cer- tain, not greasy. and there is no danger of catcbmg cold by its use. A little applied to the scalp over night, and the head br comes perfectly tree from all p trasites in the merit- ing. So verb rarely is a second aiTlie ation necessary that it is no exaggeration to state that ONCE USING IS SUFNICIENT.

Sold in Bottles at 6d and h. erich. thro• gh any Chemist ; or direct by post for 9or 15 stam s, from th P orietors, PAIGNDESTRE & TRUMAN 71, Old Kent-road, London. 6 E. N.B. Insist upon having TKITAIAN'd LOTION and no disappointment can occur.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
iifiatiOntrp, scr., on oalt.

DON'T WASTE MONEY

By purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED CO., LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the world, and thereby defy competition. 3000 3000

VARIETIES

of vegetable and flower seeds are supplied by us in

ONE PENNY PACKETS, and every one of the best quality in conveniently small quantities.

COLLECTION OF VEGETABLE SEEDS. RE MARKABLE VALUE. COTTAGER'S COLLECTION. 23 varieties 2s. 6d., carriage pail 3s. AMATEUR'S COLLECTION, 40 varieties ss. carriage paid. All the very be-t quality and guaranteed much above nominal value. These coil dons are parcelled-up and sold by thousands, or the, .:ould not be sold at the price.

ISTS OF VEGETABLI AND FLOWER SEED;', SEN GRATIS AND POST FREE. :013R COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE pontaining 500 Illustrations, price One Shill rig, post free, returnable to customers.

3ASTABLISIIED 22 YEARS.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
•

14 t 4, fami

„,

)nt ta it 13 N‘Qfor pOlOgit iv r wblope teac of life so

got Ortig )ple )vr. Tb*re

LK W0111'1)

higaeat nori-aiiP 4. chain tti elve mania ;Øst -road,

------<OPA iode, •-_,gg notr 51107? ish ; tW. ig vaulted . ibraker,

or vale been rtd. having 'Pm( will 011,4 broker.

LIIIITIIP'

Dealers) Le `.11100,117e0-.. Lily ad" sea achine... maehiac" Cash °llsl, Wa • filWej‘ et MY hoe ig elseicfroto le tYreihsasi oaths' WOO y. of. ziote r_rf,lepborla es• Bepd

t'

lebrateti kRBROOIfs ND ROO'

• 10p-soiled °ll

,F,S ! I !

Lem Rood

rGToN.

4 R. UDd ..„v/ '

413 DOC lodes.

annot t. Ont. a tuaY

T iffOlft

rREET•

TENDASI'

n$ T

41.130

oNS # ectlo% col-t ,o, woo' Ist the SPeete iocietY, 10 OW Re e

dt, Freeo tliOurli ft°

10s. SOLID GOLD CURB ALBERT AND BEAL. 11%04 Worth £5 103.)—For Gent's heavy 4U&L 178. 6D. Graduated Curb ALBERT and Government stamp d (every link) solid gold, and the .°°ltehall-rnai ke3 revolving slal, with two real stones ; Iti_ral alone cost, 225. 61. in Churcb•street. Another, _shan- m l 4 vo'tt,Graduated Albert and hall-marked Gold 479 . 64., *nib annother g 4 153.; and another Fancy Lend Link on.y..a 1, now 3. 64. (cost £9) yel, large (nub Albert and S, LAJD.:4„7B. 6d. Payments or cask. Every chain warranted. , 32" E 3 10s. FASHICSABLE SOLID GOLD ALBERT. 6 £3 [Os.)— For Lady's strands of VutinB'. D. GOLD ALBERT, with three ricl!ly 1 d carved slides, d,uble drops. with tassel an itiL ePring ring, lu Government-st naped solid go d, con- !Nun as new. yet. only 325. 61 Easy p tyments tak n. bkAnC'VE clictlNS, SELECTED FRONI HUNit- lip louvv AT ItIDIrIITI.OUSLY LOW PRICES Fo "AYS.—GEOLI,GE'S. PULL SERVICE Al SILVER TABLE PLATE. 7 The lot (67 piecsi, coml_rising sia Prks . • )1). tablespoons' 12s 6cl* ' • twelve table twe'ye dess-rt spoons, 15; 6cl; twelve dessert DB 6cl ; twelve teaspoons, 83 61 ; twelve egg spoons. Mire s'iafnd wt. sugar tongs. 2s. These are all plated with '4121 vi't upon s, lid nickel silver : each article bears the twenmt Al stamp. i,dgutrtuteed (by written warranty) for 'ettiral acs' act,ial weir. Any portion (if tle3 lot sold Approval. Genuine reliable goods.

-- 113 Ios..CA SE vv Ail ST 1V BR IPrsL)LT-13' tlFlisiliel;tEttki:Tl2Bp. ie,c st/th,,t/• D. Suite viFolrSli-RAiIgEN of hest quality (Al tet,Yeed?, solid silv,r plate upon pure nickle silver, in hand- 7_atin-lined case as new. k il4 IPINR ART MARIILE A.ND BRONZE CLOCK. • t (.fu t removed from„Fulrod Park, by ,ttikir, !Ss. (PD. Maple a,,d, Co.) For t 'is large and (11.0611tY handsome Reel Nlarble end Bronve. STRIKING 1114,,, , of the hpautifhi domed tor, des,gn, rechty. carved hand.2B. tend plaque with ie in hi„;h r,ii4, all In solid 21.4a,"Nllitht re,ti I..rouze i awing a•• special " beA quality Rotl,! ra„..9vernent. chiming; hours and half-hours on cathedral Avot.k. Written warrdnty- given ; a fine example of high art -.•=tri TED RELIABLE CLOCKS AT GRORGE'S.

4. ci ------ . SlP(lpift.:Lo)°ool447t:,Ki. " spp,ciA.L OFFERS. i 8 WRI)DING RING'', 4 the e. 6. stamped wuf)DING R. 1.. ' . () "Ptl'e Gninei GOP V-ear....st,GGsoveirionwme7nst taell rih.. tiall-mnrke.l salid 4olct ..faormqe" heAper t.iail any other house if! the trade. .r- -0 s.liv a'ao_Lsaigest stock in 1;:- city Fillger-SIZO e.arcl tree Keeper go,,:n free wlth m 4.3..") 1110 %IP ,Ny (~poste Crane and Son's), QuOTLA N D-Itt'Ab LIVERPOOL. North Trams pass Door.

Sourn Africa has again supplied South African the sensation of the week. The Troubles. sentence of death passed by the Transvaal court upon four of the prisoners who were arrested at Johannesberg after the JAMESON raid caused an immense amount of excitement in the country—for a few hours at all events. A little reflection had the effect of clearing the atmosphere to a considerable extent. It was soon seen that the verdict was nothing more than was to be expected under the circumstances. The prisoners were charged ,with the crime of treason, and it was clearly proved in the evidence against them that they had been guilty of inviting an armed invasion of the country in which they re- sided and of providing the necessary weapons for a violent revolution. The evidence in itself was no doubt sufficient to ensure a conviction by the Boer judges, but all doubt as to the verdict was at an end when the prisoners themselves pleaded guilty. The prescribed punish- ment for treason:in the Transvaal, as in most other countries, is death, and the death sentence was,therefore,a.s a matter of course passed upon the authors of the abortive Johannesberg revolution. The excitement in this country was still further allayed by the consideration that there was little probability of the verdict being carried out. What- ever else may be said of President KRUGER, it is universally admitted that he is one of the most astute and cautious of statesmen, and it was con- sidered to be in the highest degree unlikely that he wouid endanger the ' peace of South Africa, and especially the future of the Trans- vaal, by a want of clemency on the pre- sent occasion. As a matter of fact later news shows that the capital sentences were promptly commuted. It does not appear to be yet decided what form of punishment shall be in - flicted in place of that awarded by the court of law, but it is perhaps reasonable to anticipate that it will be of a moderate character. There is a great deal to be said for letting bye-gones be bye-genes in South Arica, and President KRUGER and his Government will probably carefully re- frain from displaying any,spirit of vindictiveness. At the same time a great deal will depend upon the methods adopted by the English Government in dealing with the new situation. There seems to be a danger that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN may in dealing with the Transvaal make the same mis- take that Lord SALISBURY fell into with reference to Armenia. It will be remem- bered that Lord SALISBURY soon after he came into office approached the Armenian question in fashion which seemed to suggest that force would be used if peaceable persuasion would not answer the purpose. But as a matter of fact there was no intention from the beginning to use force,and in the end Lord SALISBURY had to retire from his diplomatic encounter with the SULTAN with a diminished prestige and certainly without having seeered any alleviation of the dreadful sufferings of the Armenians. Is Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN about to repeat the same mistake in his deal- ings with PresidentiKauGeß ? The COLONIAL SECRETARY seems just now to be alternately fol- lowing two directly contrary lines of policy. At one time he fully admits the independence of the Transvaal so far as the management of its internal affairs is concerned, yet at another time he acts as though he claimed the right to dictate, or at all events, to suggest what reforms should be made by the Government at Pretoria. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN 1111 Pt really make up his mind to act consistently upon one line or the other. If he recognises the independence of the Transvaal, which is the only honest course so long as the treaty of 1884 is in force, he must rigorously refrain from publicly meddling with the internal administration of that country and confine himself to those private suggestions which President KRUGER says he is willing to receive and consider. If on the other hand he is determined to assert the " paramouutcy " of this country in internal as well as external affairs, that too is a clear and con- sistent policy although it means the violation of a solemn treaty. It means also a desperate war between this country and the Boers of the Trans- vaal and the Orange Free State and probably a civl conflict in the South African colonies between the British and the Dutch residents.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE EXAMINER SATURDAY, MAY 2. 1896."

WHAT has been aptly described The Rating Bill. as the Rent-roll Relief Bill was rather roughly handled on Wed- nesday by one of the Government's own sup- porters. Mr. WHITELEY, CoLiservative member for Stockport, can see neither justice nor reason in the proposal of the Government to tax the workingmen of the towns for the benefit of wealthy rural landlords. Mr. WHITHLEy gave a plain warr.ing to his political friends of _the results of the unjust and reactionary policy they have entered upon. tlf the workmen," he said,

"believe that their interests are to be sacrificed to the interests of the country, and that they are to be regarded as pawns on the political chess-board, or as hewers of wood and drawers of water to the counties, they will give us up." But this warning will have no effect upon Lord SALISBURY and his colleagues. Although the Government secured its majority by working class votes, it may be relied upon to prove before its term of office expires that the Tory party is still, above all else, a landlord's party. Mr. WHITELEY declared that Lancashire was dead against the Government on this rating question, and lie even went so far as to offer to resign his seat so as to test the feeling of the country if any member of the Government would do the same. It is needless to say that this offer was not accepted. In order to show to what extent the towns would lose by these "grants in aid" being confined to rural districts Mr. WHITELEY made some interesting calculations to the effect that the loss to Manchester would be equal to a capital sum of £1,209,000, to Liverpool of £1,320,000, to Birmingham of £914,000, ond to Bristol of £167,000. The criti- cisms of the Bill made by Mr. FENWICK, the _miners' member from Northumberland, were also very much to the point. It has been said, for in- stance, that the Government are only acting upon the recommendation of aßoyal Commission, but Mr. FENWICK pointed out that the recom- mendations of Royal Commissions are not always so promptly acted upon. The suggestions of the Commission on royalty rents and wayleaves had, for example, been quietly ignored. Yet,lir. FEN- . WICK declared, the very people the Rating Bill was intended to relieve were those who were bleeding the mining industry to death.

The proposed meeting on the subject of bad trade in Runcorn took place this week. A very re- presentative gathering ot ratepayers and influen- tial commercial men was held, amongst whom was Sir J. T. Brunner. Many suggestions were thrown out, the chief of which was that the District Coun- cil sliould consider whether it is not possible to offer special rateable inducements to incoming manufacturers. This no doubt might be done, and combined with the natural advantages of the town should clo something to eucourage new industries in Runcorn.

The question of the Port Sanitary Authority area ' in connection with the Ship Canal is beginning to force itself to an issue, and the latest move of the Local Government Board is to threaten to take the matter to Parliament, where, according to their advice, if the Bill is passed its alteration will in the future be well nigh impoQsible. Both the Runcorn Urban and Rural District Councils have been ad vised to fight the matter at once,and that the Rural has decided to do. The Urban District Council is, however, contenting itself with sending the memo- rial as a protest, which considering that it has ad- vanced, several strong reasons why Runcorn should not be included is a somewhat weak way of shelv- ing the question. The Council, if it does want to keep out of a Sanitary Authority which is almost an insult to the town, ought to do something more than protest.

TO CYCLISTS. TWO GOOD LINES IN CYCLES :-

(*.DEFORM " COVENMY High-Grade Moan t .LL weight 271bs. with best detachable Tyres. £lO 17s. 6d. ". SPECIAL" LADIEoI, Beet " detachable Tyree, weight 301bs. £lO 10s.

J. BRIDOI3-SSTRI GET, WIRLItAIiNGON. Large Stack of Premiers, Exceisiors, and New Rapids. Several second-hand Machines, cheap.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN CYCLING CLUB. A good muster of this club journeyed to Tarvin on Saturday and returned via Chester after an enjoyable outing. The half holiday section did not turn out on Wednesday,m4st of the members travelling to Broughton by train to witness the football match. LARGE VESSEL ON THU SHIP CANAL AT RUNCORN. The vessel "Westgate," of Liverpool, arrived on Monday afternoon, and is lying at the Runcorn lay-by, where a cargo of 3,000 tons of grain for Manchester is being discharged. The cargo will then be conveyed up the canal by "Salt Union" fiats. STREET ACCIDENT. On Thursday morning Mr. Charles Watson, butcher, Church-st.,was driving his pony and trap along Church- st., when the animal fell and Mr. Watson and his young son were thrown out into the road. Both escaped serious injury.

HALTON-ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The second session the thrls%Sewing Guild at this church under the presidency of Mrs. George was brought to a close on Monday. A tea party was given on that night, and the usual prizes distributed. The Rev. W. George' Wesleyan minister in charge of the church, has accepted the invitation of the steward of the Bury cir- cuit, to take charge of the Wesleyan church at Sum- merseat after the Conference of 1899. SRAIRRN'II INSTITUTE. RUNCORN. _

The Financial Committee of the above Institute met recently, and after meeting all demands in connection with the concert given by the Dusky Minstrels a satis- factory balance was left in hand. A committee has been formed to conduct future entertainments, kc., of which Mr. J. B. Ho'lands has been appointed hon. treasurer. and Mr. J. K. Digges hon. secretary. BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN SCUOOL, RUNCORN. A social gathering was held in the above school, en Thursday evening, the occasion being the closing gather- ing in connection with the Wesleyan Guild. The Rev. T. Brackenbury occupied the chair, and several brief addresses were delivered on the subject "Has the Guild doue good." The proceedings were interspersed by selec- tions by the choir. Refreshments were handed round during the evening. JUNIOR TONIC SOL-FA CLASS, RUNCORN.

On Tuesday evening an interesting concert was given by the above dos in Ellesmere-at. schoolroom. Selec- tions and part songs under the conductorship of Mr. J. Holford were rendered, and the individual performers were :—MissesL Holford, S.Curzon,B. Bazley, C.Hough- ton, M. Gleave, F. Lewis, E. Temperley, E. F. Hill, and E. Clarke, Masters J. Rutter and F. Watson. A duet was given by Misses E. Clare:and H. News!!. Miss Pope ac- companied. On Thursday evening the members of the choir held a tea party to mark the close of the season.

RAILWAY CONCESSION TO BOATMEN. An answer has been received by Mr. Gatley of the the Watermen's Association in reply to a memorial sent to the London and North Western Railway Company, a month ago, urging them to make some reduction in the fares between Liverpool and Runcorn,to enable boatmen whose boats were lying at Liverpool to spend the week- end at home. In reply Mr. Shaw of Lime-street, accedes to the request and a reduction for watermen from 28.61, to is. ad. will shortly be announced. INTERESTING MARRIAGE AT RUNCORN. An interesting marriage took place at the Parish Church on Wednesday at one o'clock. The contracting parties being Mr. Arthur Grice, Blakelow Farm. Higher Sutton and Miss Selena Handley, eldest daughter of Mr. W. Handley. the Heath, Runcorn. The bridesmaids were Miss Mellor and Miss Grice, sister of the bride- groom. The bride who was given away by her brother Mr. Horace Handley, was attired in a dress of purple cloth trimmed with purple velvet of a darker shade and creme tinted guipurl lace and also carried a posy of white lilac and lilies of the valley, the gift of the bride- groom. The hat was of white fancy straw trimmed with white ribbon and purple roses. Thebridesmaids' dresses were also of purple cloth of a deeper shade trimmed with velvet and guipure lace with hats to match. They both wore gold brooches and carried posys of yellow Marglrrites awl Widen hair fern also the gifts of the ' bridegroom. Mr.C. Flandley acted as best man and Mr. Philip Grice was the second groomsman. The wedding ceremony which was attended by a large circle of friends was performed by the Rev. H. B. Firth. FUNERAL OF MRS. RIGBY, RUNCORN. On Monday,the remains of Mrs. Mary Rigby, aged 85, well-known as an old Runcorn resident, were interred in the family vault in the Parish Church graveyard. From the house in Greenway-road the cortege took the follow- ing order :—ln advance of the hearse,carriage containing the Rev. H. C. Moyle, Dr. McDougal and following it A ere coaches containing Mr. and Mrs. Price, son-in-law and daughter, Mr. Joseph Rigby, Mr. Alfred Rigby, Mr. H. Price (grandsons), Mr. A. Crosby, Mr. M. Barker and Mr. Pritchard (Farn worth). Amongst others who joined the sad gathering were Messrs. J. W. Lightburn, J. C. Brundrit, W. Mellor, W. Hankinson, A. Lightburn. E. Tuckey, T. Bowyer and J. M rt. The body was borne by Mews. F. Yarwood,F. Coward,Henry Coward, William Ford, William Brown and Speakman. The funeral service was performed by the Revs.W. H. Stables and H. C. Moyle. As the mourners left the church Mr. Johnson, organist, played the • Dead March ins' Saul." 1 By request of the family there were no wreath& Captain Rigby (son) was away with his steamer and unable to attend and Mr. Jones, son-in-law, was prevented from being present by a serious illness.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RETIRED RUNCORN POLICE

SUP E RINTENDE NT.

CHA.RGE OF PERMITTING DRUNKENNESS.

The magistrates at Daresbury Petty Sessions, on Tuesday afternoon, were engaged for several hours in hearing a case, in which John Highland, an elderly farm labourer, living in a loft at Dutton, was charged with being drunk on the licensed premises of the Talbot Arms, in the occupation of John Atherton, and John Atherton (formerly superintendent ef the police at Runcornl,waa charged with having on the 4th April, at Dutton. per- mitted drunkenness on his premises known as the Tal- bot Arms.—Mr. Giles. solicitor, Chester, prosecuted on behalf of the police, and Mr. A. Browne. Warrington, defended. In opening the case, Mr. Giles said the facts were that on the 4th April,Sergeant Benfield in company with P.C. Griffiths: visited the Talbot Arms, Dirtton, and there found two men in the taproom. One of them was the defendant Highland. who was drunk, and was shouting and also knocking OA the table with his fists. Sergeant Bonfield drew the landlord's attention to the condition of Hiehfield. The landlord became excited, and told him to go on with his reporting ;he would meet him. The sergeant then said " Very well. I will report you." It appeared that Efighfield was seen by Griffiths coming out of a public house kept by a man named Whitley,thc same afternoon. Whitley refused to serve Highfiele be- cause he thought he had had sufficient, and was not a proper person to be served with drink. At the time the officers visited the Talbot Arme,Hig. field had a glass of been before him. He was noisy and drunk. In a few minutes Highfield left the House and staggered across the road. P.S. Benfield told Atherton that the man was drunk,and Mr. Atherton became a.biniive in his language rather than conciliatory. He (Mr. Giles) had nothing to say against Mr. Atberton one way or another. There was one other point. It had been said in the neighbourhood of the house that this prosecution had been taken from motives of spite.—Mr.Browne : It is the unanimous opinion of the people in the neighbourhood. —Mr. Giles continuing said Mr. Browne seemed anxious to mike a point of that. But there could really he no ground for saying that the proceedings were instituted for spite. Acting-Sergeant Benfield and P.C. Griffiths made their report to the superintendent. Superinten- dent Okell in the ordinary course of business forwarded it to the Chief Constable (Colonel Hamersley) and upon his instructions proceedings were taken. Whether Mr. Atherton could make out a case of spite he could not tell but he theueht the magistrates would come to the con- clusion that Highfield was drunk, and drunk for some time on the premises. P.S. Benfield corroborated the preceding statement, and added that as he was going out of the door Mr. Atherton followed him. He was very excited.and said, "Don't come here with your impudence." Witness told him that he was not giving him any impudence. Mr. Atherton then said, "Yu want eduction before you knew whether a man is drunk." Cross-examined by Mr. Browne: Witness stated that he had visited Mr. Atherton's place about once a week. He had never been there three times a day. There were other public-houses in his district which were visited three times a day. He had visited some houses six times a day. He was not in the habit of going to each cuetomer and staring them in the face. Mrs. Atherton did not ask him if h. had brought his box. He believed she asked P.C. Griffiths that. He knew that a bleek- smith gave Riehland permission to sleep in a loft. He did not know that Mr. Atherton practically kept fligh• land. He had been nine years in the force, and had nothing areeinst Mr. Atherton. P.C. Griffiths; also gave corroborative evidence. George Whitlow, licensee of the Red Lion Inn, Preston Brook, stated that Riehfield visited his house on Satur- day, the 4th April, between five and six o'clock. Wit- ness refused to serve him as he thought the man had had sufficient. Cross-examined, he did not say Hiehfield was drunk but he had had suffieient. Mr. Browne said that the matter might have ended before it was brought to the notice of the Chief Con- stable of Cheshire. Mr. Giles seem-d to aneloeise fir

having brought Mr. Atherton into Court, and whenever an advocate began to apllogise they might know that he did not like the job, and did not believe in his case. In Mr. Atl.l,nton they hid a man who had the, respect of almost every person in t'sat neighbourho.ad. It was testifi,Tl from the Bench of macristraes on his retire- ment, and in R ncorn by a substantial presentation to him by the public, fie was amin of irreproachable charlct:er, a irrin who had risen from the porition of constable to that of superintendore of palice. There was

OADBUIsY'S COCOA.

fs a gentle stirnula t i does not irritate the nerves, but is sootli ng, retreshi g, and invigorating. It is absolutely p ura

===== 0002601_18960502_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The annual meeting of this Board was held on Tues- day, at the Workhouse,Dutton, when there were present the Revs. Dr. Gastaldi' J. Simpson, Messrs. A. R. Nor- man,S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., T. Lea, S. Yarwood, the members of the Rural District Council, and Mr. George Ashton, deputy-clerk. APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRMAN.

Mr. Mclntyre moved that Mr. J. Knowles be re- appointed chairman.—Mr. Roylance seconded.— Dr. Gastaldi thought that every year there should be a change of chairman, and proposed Mr. Brandreth as chairman for the year.—Mr. Yarwood seconded the amendment for which nine voted. Fifteen voted for the resolution. The resolution was afterwards put and car- ried unanimously.—The Chairman thanked the Board for re-appointing him. As to the appointment of a new chairman every year he thought that it would be wiser not to bind the board to a yearly anpointment. He found that a good half of the year was gene before a new chairman could get into harness. For himself, he could say that if the chairmanship was offered to him next year, he certainly would not have it. The duties of the chair were increasing,, and he found the appoint- ment of a good vice-chairman and the advice of clerk and deputy clerk was of great assistance to the chair- man.—Mr. Woodward moved that Mr. Brandreth be re- appointed vice-chairman.—This was seconded by Dr. Gastaldi and agreed to.—Mr. Brandreth in returning his thanks for the compliment paid him expressed pleasure It gave him to see the chairman re-appointed. He thought if that appointment was made aa annual one they would not get on so well. The present chairman had attended very closely to his duties. APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.

The following comm—iiste—es--we're appointed : PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE.—Messrs. John Mclntyre, J. Knowles, J. B. Chadwick, H. E. Heywood. S. Wood- ward, E. Wallington, J. VVeir, C. Roylance, G. Piling, W. Bradford, Rev. Dr. Gaetaldi, Rev. J. S.Simpson, A. R. Norman, and Lea. DRAINING ARRANGEMENT COMAIMEE.—MesSTS. H. E. Heywood, J. Brandreth, J. Stokes, E. Aaron, J. M. Wil- liams, T. Baxter, A. R. Norman, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, and Admiral Jones-Parrv. ASSESSMENT COSMITTSI3.—MOSSrS. J. Knowles, 11. E. I Heywl.d, Thomas Baxter, William Bradford, A.R. Nor- man, Thomas Lewis, John Mclntyre, J. Stokes, Samuel Tavl,r, John Weir, S. Woodward,and J. B. Chadwick. FINANCE COMMITTEE.—rhe whole Board. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.—M,ISSYS. H. E. Hey- wood, S. Woodward, J.W. B tguley,James Brandreth, J. B. Chadwick, C. W. Davenport, J. Lowe, J. Whitlow,, Pickering, Admiral Parrs., "I' Wright, and Dirbyshire. LADIES VISITING COMMITTBE.—Mrs.' Wood, Miss Malkson, Mrs. Ren ' ton Mrs Norman, Mrs. Baxter, Mrs. Linaker, Miss Rigby, Miss B. Dutton, Mrs. Wray. I Regret was expressed by Mr. Williams at M. Aaron taking hts name off several committees and he proposed that a cordial vote of thanks be accor,led to him for his services in connection with the committees. Mr. Baxter seconded.and Mr. Taylor and the Chairman referred in cordial terms to Mr. Aaron's long connection with the different committees.. WARRINGTON AND THE LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN

===== 0002601_18960502_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY

A letter was read from Mr. Whittle (Town Clerk,War- rinaton), stating that the London and North-Western Railway were opposing the Borough Extension Bill in the House of Lords, and he would be glad if the Authority would again asqist him hr petitioning in favour. The B ,ard acceded to the request of the Warrington Corpor- ation. This concluded the business of the Guardians.

For NAME BROOCIIIi,. solid silver name brooches 101 d. (my name) Government stampeil, Presents or Ar felts tor yourself, you may visit DEBERT'S, 10, 011URCH-STREE a LIVERPOOL, where yea can get hundred, of articl4-s such as Watch a, Clocks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket Knives, etc.. at whoie,ale prices. -ee advertisement (Illustrated Chron- grin:, Watch. 6s. lid.. etc.), on page 7 f this Paper. -Ada IRON d BRASS BEDSTE4DS4—GARLAND, Iron- monger, Warrington. —Advt. LADIES' OYCLING Cos rumm. Gaiters, Divided Skirts, ,ke. Special Department now open. WiLutarkt HODUKIN- SON, 46 and 45, Bridge-st., Warriugton.—Ad rt.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUCIL.

THE PROPOSED PORT SANITARY ORDER.

A special meeting of the above council was called on Tuesday night to determine whether to proceed with or withdraw the memorial to the Local Government Board, with respect to the Manchester Port Order, 1896. The meeting which was held in the Town Hall was attended by the Chairman, Mr. J. W. Ligt.tburn, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., G. H. Kirkham, T. Dean, M. Sweetma.n, D. Bisbrown, J. Horsfield, W. Handley; and Mr. J. Lake (law clerk), Mr. EiMarshall (secretary) and Mr. Wilding (surveyor). The proceedings were of a private nature, the outcome of which was that the Chairman said, when the reporters returned, "we have learned that the Runcorn Rural Dis- trict Council have decided to petition aga,nst the prov- isional order for the formation of a Port Sanitary Auth- ority which will necessarily mean that the Local Government Board will have to go to Parliament to get this order confirmed.lt has been thought by many of the members present to-night that under the circumstances itlwill be wise to let our memorial remain as a protest against what has been considered an injustice to Run- corn without binding ourselves in any future action.— Dr. Gastaldi : I move with pleasure that the petition against the Manchester Port Order of 1896 be not with- drawn for the reasons which are already known to us and for the benefit which may accrue in the future, because I believe the memorial sent on this subject will remain as a protest against the action taken by the Man- chester people in forming an autnority and compelling us to pay a portion of the expense of the sanitary port. —Mr. Taylor: Under the circumstances and from what we have heard, I think it is the wisest course to take and I will second the resolution.—Mr. Handley, said he would not propose an amendment. He had expressed himself pretty freely, and he would now do nothing but vote against it.—Mr.Bisbrowne similarly expressed him- self.—The Chairman wished it to be clearly understood that the Runcorn Urban District were not forcing the Local Government Board into Parliament action.—The resolution was then put and carried, Messrs. Handley and Bisbrowne voting agiinst it.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COU NCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held on Tuesday at the Workhouse. Present, Admiral Parry, Messrs. J. Mclntyre. J. M. Williams, J. Brundret, J. B. Chadwick, E. Aaron, C. Roylane,e. J. Spruce, J. Parr, J. Stokes, J. Weir, J. Knowles, T. Wright, T. Lewis, W. Bradford, W. Holt, W. Pickering, W. Turner, C. Moun- field, and T. Baxter. APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN._

Mr. Williams proposed the re-appointment of Mr. Mc- Intyre.—Mr. Woodward seconded the resolution.— Messrs. Knowles and Aaron supported the motion.— Admiral Parry thought that it was not so much a ques- tion of distributing the honours as gettine an able gentleman to perform the duties.—The resohition was unanimously carried.—The Chairman thanked the mem- bers for again appointing him Chairman.—Mr.Williams proposed that Mr. Knowles be appointed vice-chairman, and Mr. Wright seconded the motion, which was unani- mously carried.—Mr. Knowles briefly acknowledged. COMMITTEES. The following Committees were appointed : PAROCHIAL Commrrrxxs.—Appleton township, the Parish Council of Appleton with Messrs. Davenport and Knowles; Frodsham the Parish Council with Messrs. Heywood and Williams; Frodsham Lordship the Parish Council: Halton, the Parish Council with Mr. Wright.— Helsby, Parish Council. FINANCE.—Megers. J. Brandreth, H. E. Heywood. J. Mclntyre. J. Knowles. Thomas Baxter, J. B. Chadwick, C. W. Davenport, J. M. Williams, J. Stokes, J. Weir, S. Woodward, T. Wright, J. Dari/shire, Aaron,Darlington, and Roylance. PARIJAMENTARY.—Messrs. J. Mclntyre, J. Knowles, J. B. Chadwick, J. M. Williams, H. E. Heywood, J. Bran- dreth, E. Aaron, T. Wright, S. Woodward, E. Walling- ton, John Weir, C. Roylance, G, ihlrng, W. Bradford, and Spruw. Wevrox.—Messrs. J. Mclntyre, J. Knowles, J. Weir, W. Turner, T. Darlington, J. Parr, J. L. Jones, J. Brandreth, J. Darbyshire. and C. Roylsnce. HIGIIWAYS.—Messrs. J. Mclntyre, J. Knowles, J. M. Williams, T. Lewis, J. Brandreth, S. Woodward, E. Heyweod, J. Debyshire, J. Stokes, W. Bradford, Thomas Baxter, Timm Parr, T. Darlington. J. Hall, T. Wright, J. B. Chadwie", Spruce, Aaron, Jones, Weir. PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY.—Messrs. H. E. Heywood, James Brandreth, J. M. Williams and J. B. Chadwick. APPLETON-ROAD COMILIITTBE.—Mestrs. J. Mclntyre, J. Knowlea, J. Brandreth, George Pilling,C. W. Davenport, Admiral Jones Parry. LaTCHFORD LOCKS COMMITTEE.--hiessrs. Mclntyre, Brad& rd. Pilling, Admiral Parry and Mr. Long, chair- man of the Grappenhall Parish Council.

A ROAD QUESTION.

Messrs. Orme and sluniz, Limited, quarryowners, Runcorn Bill, in a letter said they had taken the south quarry and they asked to be allowed to cross the road leading to Weston Point near the houses called the Dog Karim-Is.—The matter was' referred to the Highway Committee.

THE PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY. The Local Government Board wrote with reference to the constitution of the Port eSanitary Authority of Mancliester,saying they were not prepared to reopen the ! matter with a view to the amendment of the order at the present time ; that if the objections were not with- drawn the Board would submit the order in its present form to Parliament for confirmation, and that in the event of the order becoming provisional, and being con- ferred by Parliament, future amendment would be less easy than if the order were accepted as now formed, it might be well for the District Council to consider whether it might net be desirable to withdraw their obitctions. !Mr. Hammend, writing from Ennesmare Gardens, said Sir John Brunner desires me to say that he has had an interview with Sir Hugh Owen, and advises that the objection to the order shall be withdrawn. You will remember that Sir John has understood that the charge upon Runcorn has been decided on a fair proportion by comparison of the foreign shipping frequenting the Man- chester and Runcorn ends respectively in 1894. Sir John pointed out to Sir Hugh Owen, that whereas Run- corn has been the resort of foreign shipping for 100 years Manchester has only just begun to be so used, and that it is probable that the proportion in 1894 has already been considerably altered, and will be more altered as year by year goes on. Sir Hugh has promised that as soon as you can show that the proportion ob- tained in 1894 be changed and that Manchester has in- creased, and Runcorn remained stationary/ or decreased he would be ready to reconsider the matter. If you now press your objection the tfoard will be compelled to go to Parliament for confirmation of their orders, and when the order has been completed it cannot be altered except by leave of Par- liament, whereas if • you withdraw your objection and the Urban Authority does the same the Board can at any time vary the order without going to Parliament. —The Clerk.who is in London.also wrote saying—" Mr. Heywood and I had an interview with the Local Govern- ment Board officials on the matteribut I am sorry to say we have made no impression. They in effect told us that unless we withdraw our objection to the order they should go to Parliament for the purpose of having it confirmed. We have since had an interview with Messrs. Reese and Ferreour Parliamentary agents, as to the chance of our being successful in opposing and they thought that we should stand a better chanee now of keeping out of it by opposing before a committee of the House than we should have of getting out if once we submitted and the order became law. They are, how- ever,gning carefully through the draft of the memorial and other papers to-night. One thing appears very evi- dent.if we submit now and the members of the Board representinr, Manchester and Salford should go in for an Isolation Hospital and spend a large amount in the construction as in all probability(they would,we should if in a few years time we wished to have the order recon- sidered, be met with the objection that we had been parties to the expenditure and could not be released. At any rate it seems to us, everything considered, now if ever is the time to fight against the Order. As time is pressing and we may have to act before the next meet- ing of the Council we think it would be well that a reso- lution should he passed to the effect that the clerk be in- structed to petition against the Order and do all things necessary for presentinc, sueh petition. Then if our Parliamentary agents should advise it we can, subject to the approval of the Port Sanitary Authority Committee and of the Parliamentary Committee proceed, and it on , the other hand they should not, or the two committees ! should decide that we ought not, we can desist.—Mr. Williams reviewed the subject, and mentioned that tney had protested all along against Widnes, Warrington, Ellesmere Port and other districts not b,ing included in the order, seeing that the same danger of the introduc- tion rf disease by foreign triffie applied as much to them as to Runcorn. The building of a hospital would mean the expenditure of a large sum, and if the order passed in tOe present veir, the district would be sad- dled with a considerable sum, probably £lOO a year.— Mr. Chadwick dii not think one-twentieth of the ton- nage of foreign ships came into the Runcorn Rural Dis- trict Council—After a short discossion.on the motion of Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. Chadwick, a resolution was passed in accerdanc,e with the advice of the Clerk.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
DANGEROUS I,OOTPATITS

Mr. Humphrey, clerk to the Parish C.Duncil of Norton, said he waq requeited to (1111 the attention of the Coun- cil to the dativrous condition of the roadway leadinv over N.,-u.'7on Townriell Bridge, Nlrton Town I3ridge, and Burrow; l'lldsge, leadintr over the canal.—The matter was referred to the Highway Committee.

not a word of any description to be said against him. He had the entire sympathy of the people in the neighbour- hood in which he lived in that case, and if he had that sympathy there was something wrong some Nhere. He was the landlord of a country public-house, and he (Mr. Browne) would ask their Worships whether they be- lieved it was necesssary for a police officer to visit it twice a day. Did it not prove that there was persecution going on? There had only been a reason for visiting it that often since Mr. Atherton became the landlord. There was an ulterior object in that case, and it was shown by the fact that since the police had found a case they had only visited the house once in four weeks. It went to prove that Benfield was a biassed witness, and that went against his credibility. Superintendent Ather- ton had had more experience in judging whether a man was drunk or not than the sergeanz., and that was what Mr. Atherton meant when he told Ben- field that he wanted educating. The normal condition of Highfield was such that it was difficult to tell whether he was drunk or not. Even at his work when he had not tasted beer, he talked about Napoleon. He was a peculiar subject to judge fairly or properly whether he was sober or drunk. He had worked for Mr. Mounfield, and on the Saturday in question he was Riven a drink of what was known as "farmer's beer," which was very weak. He had only earned is. 9d. during the week* At Mr. Atherton's house he was served with one glass of beer by Miss Atherton. He wanted more but Mrs. Atherton told him that he was too noisy. The empty glass was taken away from him. It was a deli- berate untruth on the officer's part to say that there was a glass containing beer before him when they entered the house. _ _

Mrs. Atherton, wife at the defendant, said the police had hardly been away from the house since they went to it. Highfield was net drunk, he appeared to be just as he was that morning. He had never any means to buy beer. Evidence in support of gr. Browne's statement was also given by Miss Elizabeth Athertov, Miss Amy Atherton, Mr. J. Morris Rowe, farm labourer, Mr. Wal- ter Curzon, platelayer, Thomas Lightfoot, and Mr. James Farrington. The latter stated that Highfield was inebriated but not drunk. In answer to ques- tions by Mr. Giles, witness admitted tbat he spoke tonthe police officers, and told them that he could not refute their statement that the man was drunk, "knowing the subject." He told the officers to treat Mr. Atherton as they would another publican. It was a great mistake when the "super" took the house that there were not two fresh police officers.—Mr. George Mounfield, farmer, Preston Brookond Mr. David Walker also gave evidence.—Mr. John Atherton said he complained of the persecution of the police. In his opin- ion there was no necessity for the repeated visits of the police. He did say to the officers " Why do you haunt me in this manner, you had better come and sit On the hob." Cross-examination, he said he had been at the house about three mostbs. He instructed his officer 4to visit public houses occasionally—now and again ; that was whenever they thought fit. He could not say how often that would be. He recommended Bonfield for the position of acting-sergeant. He was a man of judgment aud conducted himself properly. He admitted that he told Bentiald to get educated to become acquainted with cases and not to call sober men drunk. The magistrates dismissed tbe case against both parties.

THERE IS ONE BEVERAGE SUITABLE for al/ 1 SEASONS of the YEAR, Amid Spring's ethereal mild- ness, summer's long and sunny days. 'autumn's golden stores, and especially winter's unkindly blasts, a N_UP OF GOOD COFFEE is ever acceptable. It k.l cheers and enlivens the robust, it stimulates and nerves the invalid. NCH. COFFEE has ever had the highest reputation, and it is therefore satisfactory to know that an English house of high reputation such as Messrs. BAR- BEA'S cansupply us with the luxury of the finest FRENCH COFFEE as used in Paris, roasted on the French principle, and most car-fully blended in proper proportions with the- best Burges chicory, "so highly recommend.d by the faculty." This luxury is sold in canister complete at One Shill ng per Pound, or Two Pound Tins free by post for 2s. 6d. to every post town in the United Kingdom and Channel Islands. Large parcels carriage free, N'IESRS. BARBER'S HIGH-CLASS TEAS and COFFEES are much APPRECIA.THD.—Vide " Court. journal," September 21st 1895. P-ice HA sent free. BISHOPSGATE S [MEET, 8.C., ; 274, Regent 611 Circus, W. ; 102. Westbourne Grove, W.; Brighton, and Birmingham.

URINCR'S-840 AD.—Two Friends or Brothers can have very comfortable Lodgings with Young Couple. Terms moderate.- 126, HOSEBBRY-EITREET, Liverpool.

WANTBD good plain COOK, immediately ; small family two others kept; not under 24 —State wages, Mrs. HAMILL, Weston, Shiffnal.

WANTBD, a GIRL, from 17 to a t) assist in no-usework• DIZTON, 1074 Aoamb-street, Moss Side,

Manchester.

SOUTHPORT.—Apartments. Fron; Sitting and Bedroom to be Let. Clean and comfort tble.-96, Keasington-road Southport.

-- WANTED, COOK-GENERAL for house where nurse- housemaid also kept; must bske and. wash well; - wages £l6. Also Nurse-Housemaid, wages £l5 • must be early risers ; girls from the country preferred.—lpply. by letter, with references to Mrs. WaoptsGroN, The Ridge. Buraq.

\NrANTBD, (I«neral 8131tVA.NT, to wash,anoth.r girl kept. Protestant, private family, 152, SoUTSBANIC-ROAD

Southport.

FDR SAUL 21 PAirs of Mill Stones, 11-in. horizontal Engine. 30 in. stroke. fly-wheel complete, nearly new, now on found ttion. Wanted scrap iron, rails, and all kinds of metals.—Apply D. HOULT. Worksop,

A/r, ESSR.S. CONSTANTINE and CO., Market-street. Man- chester. beg to inforn all Business people and others, that they have a large quantity of BUS [NESSUS for Sale in Manchester and elsewhere. Everyone intending purchasing should see us before doing so. In every case our clients are prepared t) show books or produce substantial evidence to bear out all statements made by us. The following are a few real bargaias, Grocery and Provision Shop in Manchester. rent 3s. 61 week. turnover £3O week, owner going into wholesale, £45, best Shop ever off 3red. Drapery and Tailor- ing Shop, small rent, on the banks of the Ship Canal in Sal- ford ; turnoa,r £l2 per week and can be made many times larger, owner giving up because wife lost her speech; worth , £l5O take £45 it sold at once, would make grand branch shop. Also thapery. Grocery. Clogs. Fish and Poultry, and many others.—CoNSTAXTINE AND Co., 71, Market-st., Manchester

IUOR SALE. Wicker In*alid CHAIR, self eteerer, India 1 Rubber Tyres. in goad condition, £2—H. TArtaucir. St. Helene-road, Earleetown.

G. AND J. PERCIVAL, PARK SIDE DAIRY,

GRERNWAY-ROAD AND 7, LOWLAND-ROAD. RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON POINT.

ACCIDENT.—Late on Monday afternoon H. Millingtonof , Eaton-st.. Runcorn, was geriously injured while fol- lowing his emollyincot. He was working on a steamer at Weston Point at the dock of Mr. Branch, engineers when the chain slinc!ing the stern end slipped and he was struck. Millington was knocked into the water, but quickly pulled out by Mr. Gorge Cooke. He was then found to be severely injured on one leg, and was seen by Drs. Ormsuy and McLennan, who advised his removal, o the hospital at Li verpool.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CO-OPORATIVE SOCIETY.

ANNUAL TEA. PARTY AND ENTERTAINMENT.

This annual event took place in the Public Hall, on Wednesday evening, about 250 persons sitting down to tea. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Hartles, Bowyer, Rogers. Cosier, Dudley, Leadstone, William Brown, Mdtoree, Dyer, Rushton, Stubbs, Dean, Balshaw, Upton. T. Bowyer, Morris and Smith, and Misses Cosier, Rhodes, Hough, Dudley, Leadstone, Moores, Riley, Hesford and Stubbs. Sir John Brunner presided over the after proceedings, and WaS supported on the platform by the following Members of the committee. Messrs. Dudley, Rhodes. Riley, Leadstone, Stubbs, Dyer, Bowyer, Moores, Dean, Hartle's. Cosier and William W. Upton (secretary), and W. M. Morris (manager). There were also present Mr. Lander, of the Co-aperative Wholesale Sot:ley and Mr. Birchen. J.P., of Warrineton. The Chairman (Sir J. T. Brunner) field he wanted to say before he went any farther with the proceedings that night that the whole of the population of Runcorn with the excsntion of those before him were waiting near the Post Office in order to hear the result of the great foot- ball match (laughter and i.pplaese) which they confi- dently expected to be pleasant for Runcorn people—and if he was irrmitted to say so—very pleasant news for himself too. He found on opening the programme that Part I. began with the chairman's address. He was very much puzzled to know what to say to them for the reason that he had been thinking of late of a great many matters. hut not specially of co-operation. He had been thinking about education, local rating upon agricultural land and urban land—two very important matters occupying the present attention of the House of Com- mons. Upon either of these subjects without notes he could deliver them a very long address, but luckily for them the occasion did not call for him to do so. He was pleased to be there in order to show to them his hearty sympathy with the work done by the Society (applause) and he was still more pleased to have met that evening two of the original founders of the Co-operative Society who met in the year 1862 for the purpose of starting it. He referred to Mr. Rhodes and Mr. Riley and be was pleased to see them there looking little older than when they first started the work, and he found that Mr. Riley was still an enthusi- astic that he attended 32 meetings out of 35 possible attendances during last year. They would forgive him (Sir John) If he mingled a little admonition with his address for he would not be a true friend if he did not say what he felt. There WAR a matter in which they foil short of their high ideal. This society according to the heading of the half yearly report was established for the domestic and intellectual advancement of the mem- bers. Looking at the record of the moneys received and the moneys p +id out, and the dividends earned on the large amount of share capital, though from a domestic point of view it had been successful, vet he did not find a record of much done for the intellecteal advancement of the members. (Hear. hear.) He knew that the town was suffering depression in trade and he was not going to press them to spend any of their hard earned money at the present time in this direc- tion but, he would appeal to them to support their com- mittee when, as he felt would happen before long, they made a proposal to them that they should follow the ex- ample of many other admirable societies throughout the country, and try to do something collectively for the intellectual advancement of members. He appealed to them to support their committee heartily in that pro- posal. (Applause.) He was very pleased to see towards the end of the report that the hours of closing were early. The House of Commons was now engaged in the consideration of a Bill, to provide for the compulsory closing of shops at earlier hours. If the members of the great and important house in Lendon only knew what work the people did for themselves when they managed their own businesses and how those businesses were managed, he thought that they would be encouraged to try to persuade the many good people engaged in the retail trade to follow their example, and to allow their employees soma time for innocent re- creation and some time for intellectual advancement He considered, though they did not come up to the highest ideals, there war good work being done by the society in Runcorn. It raised many a family frsm in- dieence,and had done a greet deal to help Runcorn over similar depressions in trade before. His mine was car- ried back to the fact that it was only on Tuesday that he met and discussed with their city fathers one scheme after another to draw trade to the town, and it had oc- curred to him that if the members of the local authority made it known to all who might possibly introduce manufactories in the town, that in the members of the Co-operative Society they had a body of extremely thrifty workmen, intending manufacturers would be very mirth more inclined to try theirrfortunes amongst them in Runcorn. (Applause.) Mr. Lander also addressed the meeting and said the pleasure of his visit was enhanced very much by the fact that it was a very rare thing to find a member of the House of Commons who had time to deal with Co-opera- tive questions. It was a little surprising at this stage of their national existence when social reform was so keen and the candidates to carry out those reforms were many, that so few members of Parliament accociated themselves with the practical working of a movement• which he ventured to say had done and was doing more to improve the social and industrial condition of the masses of the people than any other movement that had been known. (Hear, hear.) Speaking of the educational side of the question he thought the Runcorn Society had fallen short of their ideals. The society with Which he was connected had always given 2 per cent, of their profit to the cause of federation and the result was that they had a lihrary which was far superior to anything which the munici- pality pwessed. (Applause.) The interesting con- cert programme was hen opened by Mrs. Beesl.y who gave a fine rendering of the song " Bid me discourse." Mr. Beesely, was followed by Mrs. Timperlr who received an encore for her song "Tit for Tat," Miss Fleatherins,,ton's song. "Say Au revoir," was well veeived as was Mr. Dockery, whose effort" Come in the Garden Maud "was given in excel- lent style. Miss Cosier gave a sweet rendering of "Two spoons," Mr. C. 'Atherton was applauded for his song " Moreatty." and Miss Timherley's song " Loves Golden Dream," was also warmly received. Mr. Grounds was encored for his song." My first wife." Mr. Dudley, proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- man and Mr. Rhodes seconded. The Chairman in responding, said that he had listened to the speeches with great interest, and had learned' good deal. Mr Cosier' proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Rander, and Mr. Riley seconded. A vote of thanks was also accorded the artistes and helpers on the motion of Mr. Birchen. Mr. A. C. le Coutre accompanied the singers.

LADIES.CYCLING CO9TITNLES, Gaiters Skirt., &e. Snecirti Dlytrtment now o,en. WILLTANt HODGKIN- SON, 46 and 48, Bril re-st.. Warrington.— Adrt LA.WN WO WE RS. —G} ARL aND, Bridge-street, rington,—Artrt.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL RINDS OF VEGRTABLES FRESH FROM

FARM DAILY. NOTED FOR FINEST FRESH EGGS AND BUTTER DIRECT FROM FARM. All Orders Promptly Attend.d to.

J. H. DUTTON,

MARK ET-SrREET, EARLESTOWN. (LATE J. S. GARLA.ND).

MINERAL FURNISHING & BUILDERS' IRONMONGER. Sole Agent for the Celebrated

RUDGE WHITWORTH, EXCELLIOR, EUREKA, AND COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. GREENS PATENT' SILENS MESSOR, ' LAWN MOWERS, GARDEN ROLLERS, GARDEN SEATS, RAKES, SPADES, FORKS, ETC., AT LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. GUNS AND AMMUNITION.

Estim%tes Free.

SPECIAL SALE THIS DAY OP SUNSHADES AND UMBRELLAS

A.T EDWARDS'S,

581 CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

(THREE DOORS FROM HANOVER-STREET).

THE PICK OF BISHOP, ELLIS, & CO.'S LONDON STOCK,

OVER 3000 SUNSHADES AND UMBRELLAS AT LESS THAN MAKER'S PRICES.

SPECIAL NOTE.—Seldom dots the opportunity occur to enable the public to purchase Clean. Fashionable, and High- class Sunshades and Umbrellas early In the season at Reduc- tions varying from 25 to 33i per cent, from usual prices.

SEE WINDOWS TO-DAY. LADIES' SUNSHADES. SALE PRICE 18 /130 BACH V 4 Ladies' Cotton and Sateen Sunshades, superior cloth, in great variety of patterns, well made and good handles, usually marked is lid each. SALE PILICE 13 I_ll 1 I D BACH. 2 radials' Superior Crepon Coth Sunstaties, well finished 16nd natural handles, suitable for seaside and garden wear; can be had in*pin spots, cheeks, and stripes; usually marked 2s llf each. SALE PRICE 3S 1 IID EACH. .112 Ladies' Twilled Shot Silk Sunshades, superior quality of silk and newest shades finished in high-class style, on Paragon frames and choice natural handles; usually marked 5s lid each. SALE PRICE 68 11 EACH.

Ladies' Glace Silk ,Twilled Silk, Moire and Satin Sunshades. on Fox's Paragon f-ames, with best quality natural handles. others with fancy handies representing var ous fruits, all handsomely iloished in high-class style. • In this lot will be found self and shot silks and satins, black and colours ; also tartans, checks, strips, and floral designs ; usually marked at 8s lid to lOs 6d each.

CHILDREN'S SUNSIIADES, SALE PRICE is alp BACH Children's Shot Union Silk Sunshades, various colours and- good handles ' • usually markedt is lltd each. SALII PRICE 2' 1 1 ID EACH .112

Children's Shot Pure Twilled Silk Sunshades, good quality and well finished, choice handles; usually marked at 3s 114 each. SALE PRICE 3S 1 1 1 EA.CH IL2 Children's Best-quality CiPace and Twilled Silk Sunshades, high class finish, Paragon frames, superior Moth, carved. natural. and fancy hAndles, representing the heads of birds and animals, torre of tho silks in self-eh des and others in sfiot effects, also checks; usually 5s lid and 6s lid each.

LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S.

UM BRELLAS. SXLE PRICE 1S fe 1D EACH. 02 Ladies' Strong Alpaca Umbrellas, various h Indies, regular price is 110. Children's Alp Ica Umbrellas, strong and useful for eels sol wear, regul tr price Is llid each. SALE PRICE 2S [..!ID EACH. U 2• Ladies' Gloria Silk Umbrellas. vasions handles, regular price 3s. ad. Children's Gloria Silk Umbrellas, a better-class article,, regular price 3s 6d. SALE PRICE 3 1.1 D. Ladies Levantine Silk Umbrellas. Paragon frames, natural handles. various shapes also sterling silver eaps ; regular prices Cs. 11d. to ss. 114, SALE PRICE it us. 11. D. Ladies' Pure Twilled Silk and Durable Silk Umbrellas, on Fox's Paragon (raps ‘5, choice handles, too numerous to men- tion ; regul tr price as ILI. each.

EACH.

EAC 11.

GENTLEM E N'S UMBRELLAS. SALE PRICE " 6 ID. H Gents' Levanti:le Silk Umbrellas. with natural handles and strong frame:, ; usually 5s lid each. SALE PRICE 1 11 D 14011. • • 1_ . . Gents' Tloo,l Dnrable.Silk Umbrellas, Tiatu atie!cs, with steriing silver mountin4s. in various handl, , on superior frames ; usually 10s 61 each.

SEE WINDuWB TO-DAY

SALE Tills DAY, AT EDWARDs,s,

58. lili7Noi .1)6011

War

TREE V, LIVERPOOL. Fito3.IIIANOVER-litlia;).

===== 0002601_18960502_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKE LIFE ENJOYABLE.

Loss of health means loss of all which makes life en- joyable ; for, in addition to the bodily gain and suffering which it cause, it entails a vast amount of mental pain and anxiety, especially in the homes of the working classes. It brings in its train a host of discomforts which retard the recovery of the sufferer, and hinder, instead of assisting, Nature to perform her functions. When a working man suffers from any ailment which prevents his following his daily avocation, he is natur- ally filled with anxiety regarding the maiatenanco of those depending on him for their daily sustenance. His very love for his family retards and hinders his speedy recovery, and his spirits become depres: ed at the antici- pation of the gloomy prospects before them in thd event of a long continuance of his illness. It is well known that depression of spirits often proves a serious bar to a speedy recovery.

These results arise in addition to the various incon- veniences and discomforts which the sufferer and his family experience as direct results of his illness, such as additional expenses for luxuries for the sick, with in- creased difficulty to obtain those luxuries, or even the necessities of life.

Most of the various forms of disease which trouble the labouring classes of the country, and which are often attributable, more or less, to some unhealthly condition of their daily work, may be classed under a few leading beads.

To avoid thl discomforts arising from various forms Of disease,every working man should seek the aid of THE VEGETABLE TONIC,

Which has gained a world-wide renown as the most wonderful medicinal discovery of the age; and as un- failing remedy it is prescribed by mauy leading physi- cians in various ailments.

For Bronchitis, Asthma, Coughs, and Colds, Shortness of Breath, Neuralgia, General Weakness, Low Spirits, Nervousness, Indigestion, Influenza.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS

s Sold In Bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. See the name Crwilym Evans on Label, Stamp and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters' Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Llanelly, South Wales.

413SVILY11 EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

AN INDECENT ADVERTISEMENT. —lla,tvr PENALTY. At the Newton Petty &Lesions on Saturday, before Mr. T. J. Gillespie and Colonel Wond,John William Muskett, of Warrington, and two youths named James William Owen and John Isaacs,wEre charged with having on the 13th inst.at Newton,delivered to the inhabitants certain printed matter which was of an indecent and obscene nature, under the Indecent Advertisement Act.—Mr. Stuart proaecuted,and Mr. HI. Longton defended.—Mr. Stuart stated that on the date named Sergeant Bancks and P.C. Burns were on duty in Market-st., Earlestown, about 5 p.m. when they saw the three defendants dis- tributing handbills. On seeing the kind of literature te- ing distributed they apprehended the defendants under the Indecent Advertisement Act. Several tradesmen told the officers that they were extremely glad that the police were taking proceedings owing to the indecent nature of the matter distributed. In consequence of the address on the bill,Sergeant Bancks went and saw a manUamed Hammond at the address given in Warrington. Ham- mond told the police-sergeant that he thought be was doing no wrong in sending the bills out,but if he was,he would not do so again, and would destroy those he had in stock. He admitted that he had instructed the three defendants to deliver the bills. Mr. Stuart suggested that the magistrates should inflict the heaviest penalty against Hammond. A great deal of immorality might be caused by people following the advice given.and tho-re was no telling where the matter mieht end.—Sergeant Bancks corroborated Mr. Stuart's statement.—ln cross- examination witness was pointing out the in- decent pissages, when the Chairman said he objected to the whole circular. -- P.C. Burns deposed to seem; the band bills distributed in shops in Market-st. In cross-examination he paid the handbills were floating about the street wholesale. He picked one up.—Mr. Langton for the defence submitted that the handbill contained nothing indecent or obscene within the meaning of the Indecent Advertisement Act —The Clerk said he should advise the magistrates that there was.—The Chairman : The whole thing is filthy from beginning to end.—Mr. Stuart said one man was corrupting a whole neighbourhood.—Continning, Mr. Longton said Mr. Hammond would prove that the bills had been delivered in a number of Lancashire townsond this was the first time the police bad taken objection to them. He asked the magistrates to deal leniently with the defendants as it was the first offence.—A fine of 54. and costs was imposed on each defendant.—Thnma.s Hammond, described on- tbe handbill as " Profa,sor Hammond, Botanic House, Warrington," and carrying on business at 33, litattermarket-st., WAS charged with causing the bills to be distributed.—Mr. Longton said as the police had objected to the bills, the defendant had destroyed them, and ne more would be issued. He asked that the defendant should be reasonably dealt with.—A fine of £2 and coats, £5 16s. in all was imposed. TEN BAND-PLATING IN THE PARK.-••WARNING TO DISORDERLY PERSONS.

At tbe Warrington Police Court on Monday morning a young man named George Smith, 19 Cartwright-st.. was charged with being guilty of disorderly behaviour in the Park on the 15th April, contrary to the bye-laws of the borough.—P.C. Corbett said that on the day in question the Volunteer band was performing in the Park and there was a large number of people there. Witness heard a noise as of crackers, going off and asyhe had re- ceived a complaint from two ladies who had been frightened by crackers he went in search of the cause of the noise. After some time he came across defendant and watching him closely he caught him in the act of letting a cracker off.—Defendant said be did not know be was doing wrong.—He was fined ss. and costs.—The Mayor condemned defendant's conduct and said he wished the public to know that if that kind of thing went on in the Park the full penalty of the law would be enforced upon those caught at it.—Mr. Monks: Tie full penalty is 403. and costs or a month's hard labour. and the public have the right to be protected at these performances. They (the magistrates) would feel it their duty to protect the public as well as they could. No other defendant would get off with ss. and costs. OBSTRUCTION 'AT BANK QUAY STATION.

Before the Mayor, Alderman Harrison, Mr. F. Monks, 1 and Mr. J. W. Hayward, at the Warengton Borough Court on Monday, Jamea Leslie, Arthur, John. and Charles Heaton, Thomas Durkin, and John Whittaker, were charged on remand with loitering about Bank Quay Station.—The Chief Constable said the case was ad- journed a month ago that day on the defendants giving an understanding not to obstruct in the neighbourhood of Bank Quay Station. There were two men present re- presentim the Railway Co., who would state how de- fendants had kept—or failed to keep—their promises.— Charles Parsons, detective in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Co., said that during the last ten days he had cautioned John Heaton, Charles Heaton and Durkin, to keep away from the Station which they had refused to do. He had seen them ob- struct passengers.—Ticket-collector Holland said he had seen all the defendants since the adjournment, about the station, and some of them came into the large room of the station and interfered with the passengers.—Mr. Monks asked if the six licensed porters were enough for the wants of the station, and Holland replied in the affirmative. He (Mr. Monks) said also that he thought it ought te be made as easy as possible ' for a respectable man to get a badge as outside porter.—Mr. Talbot said all the defendants had bad characters, and, therefore, could not get alicense. Leslie at one time was an out- side porter until be was convicted of felony when he had the badge taken from him. He had no wish to appear vindictive but he must prosecute if the men would not do right. —The Mayor: We gave them a chance and they now compel us to do something.—Defendants were fined 405. and costs or in default one month's hard labour. ASSAIILTTNG A SISTER.—EXEMPLARY PENALTY. Before Messrs. Garnett, Guest and Smith at the War- rington Berough Court, on Tuesday. William Curley, a disreputablP-looking fellow, was charged in custody, baying been apprehended on a warrant, with commit- ting an ageravated assault upon his sister Catl- erine Curley. on the previous afternoon at about one o'clock. —The Chief Constable said this was a case of" another brutal assault by a strong man upon a weak woman." He went on to say that about neon on the previous day—between twelve and one o'clock—a young girl, the sister of the prisoner, went home from her work to get some dinner. When she arrived she found her brother lying liven the sofa in his accustomed state of drunken- ness. The prisoner was to all appearances a loafer, and was always more or less under the influence of drink. Angry words ensued between the prisoner and his mother soon after the daughter's entrance, and he attempted to strike the old lady across the head with a -cup. The daughter.. rushed between them and inter- cepted the blow, trying afterwards to part them. She was net successful, and her brother next picked up a

heavy tin can used for tea. With this he attempted to strike his mother, but again the daughter intervened and shielded ber. Then the prisoner turned his anger upon his sister and struck her a least one violent blow upon the head with the can, cutting open the skull. Blood flowed freely from the wound.and she was taken to the Infirmary So serious did he (the Chief Constable) consider the as- sault that he authorised the arrest of Curley without a warrant, fearing that the young girl might succumb to her injuries. Fortunately, however, for the prisoner, she bad suriived, and moreover was able to visit the court that morning and give evidence.—Catherine Curley, whose head was much bandaged, and who ap- peared to be in a very weak state, entered the witness- hex and corroborated the statement of the Chief Con- stable. All that he had said she asserted was correct; and she supplemented hi; remarks by saying that her brother bad never warked for the past two months. Only a week ago he had come out of gaol, and had been drunk ever since. He had frequently threatened to take witness's life, and also the life of her mother—Prisoner denied being a "loafer," adding that he had worked whenever he could get a chance, and could produce from Mr. Isherwood a five years' character.—The Chief Con- stable : He speaks of " a five years' character." I can give him one ranging over a much longer period than that. Mr. Talbotthen proceeded to read the convictions that had been recordsd against prisoner, after which the Bench committed him to gaol for six months with hard labour. A DIVIDED HOUSEHOLD.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Tuesday Jane Johnson appeared in support of a summons against her stepsonjohn James Johnson, for assaulting her on the 25th inst. Jane Johnson stated, that the prisonpr as- saulted her seriously.and hit her in two or three parts of the body.—The husband of the complainant expressed a wish to give evidence as to the cause of the quarrel, whereupon• Jane turned round and said " Go back,tha,'s been drinking since six o'clock this morning."—The husband (shouting) ; She hit him over the head, your worships, with a basin, and cut his head open.—The Bench permitted the man to come forward and give evi- dence. It was clearly seen, however, that he was very excited. He stated that his son had only come- to bor- row a shilling from him and" Jane said he had no busi- ness in the house."—Jane Johnson : I never said any such thing.—Witness continuing, eaid his wife was the worst character in Warrington. and had cut the lad's head open with a basin. He had had to get her down on the floor,or she would have murdered him. She was not fit to le at large on this earth." (Laughter.)—Mr. Garnett : How is it then that you took her for a wife? —Witness: Oh! I didn't know what she was at tho time. (Laughter.)—The Bench bound the prisoner over for six months in two sureties of £5 each, or in default a month's imprisonment, and ordered him to pay the costs.'

===== 0002601_18960502_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

~"'"..,.• Small Pill. ,t,,,,Whikn Small Dose. .4 ,e_itTEßs Small P-i'. , : ITT..-.• I i'orty i„ , i 1 4- , 'FR 'S Pii7elyVego-• ifr , table. 1 Cace Torpid Liver, Bile,. Sallw Col:1;4n, and 1 Sick 'Headaches promptly ' sail cure them so a s to stab sured Chemist& Ls. 141

===== 0002601_18960502_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
-

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for ell who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of

SOZODONT,

:he pleasantest dentifrice in th• world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them 110thili g else will. Sound and pearly Whits teeth, rosy lips, a,na fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT. 2,

===== 0002601_18960502_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Harrisln (elnirman), Alderman Wright, and Dr. Gornall. . . . .

CRUELTY TO A HOR9E.—John Wainwright, 4, Mill-street. was charged with cruelly illtreating a horie at midnight on Thursday by working it in an unfit state.—P.C. Deiahey said he saw defend int in Wilderspool-,oad at thetime named, In charge cf an old bay horsn, attached to a spring cart. He followed defendant to Mill-4., and t ere examined the animal and found that the off hind leg was so lame that tile. hors- cnu'd hardly stand on it. It appeared exhausted and was sweating heavily. Witness informed Ins ector Bilson who also examined the horse.—inspec.or Bilson substantiatel the officer's statement as to the condition of the horse.—De- fendant was fined lOs. and costs. _ _ _

st, • DESERTION —Joseph Clarke and Eclffv,rd Carroll, were re manded to await the escort of the military authorities for being deserters from the Lancashire Fusiliers at Bury, since the 20th inst.—P.. Pennington stated that the men gave themselves up to him as deserters. NEIGHBOURLY AMENITIES.—Patrick vellv 9. Oliver-at, was fined 10s. and costs for assaulking Patrick M'Guirn. 11, Oliver-st., on the llth April. lit'Guire stated that Kelly hit, him r•n the head with a brush. cutting it —Defendant said complainant spit in his vrife's face fi st and he then struck IStrOuire,—A fine of 108. and met' was imno.ed.. . .

WINE Ass/arra —Thomas Browne, 32 Brick-street was charged with assaulting and beating his wife on the 18th April.—Ms. Browne said deendant carne home drunk on Saturday night and wanted to give the baby some hot ten. She prevented him ani he then struck her thre times in the mouth.—Complainant's mother corroborated and defendant was bound °vet in the sum of £5 to keep the peace towards his wife for six months and pay les costs. ALLEGED WIFE DPrERTION.-7110MaS Breeze, Methil, was charged with oeserting his wife Elizabeth on the 12th Novem- ber in 1894.—Mrs. Breeze said defend Ant left. her 12 months ago and altogether in that time he had sent her 3O;.—dr. Davies said defendant, who was in Scotland had had a house provided him there and had offered to have her with him. He produced letters and ask ,4 complainant "Are not all these six letters full of love and kisses P" (Laughter). Com- plainant said they were from his mother. Mr. D -vies said It wascom*Wnantwho refused to live with defendant and , ,there was no desertion.—The bench 'made an order for 10s. a week maintenance.—Mr. Davies : With -tit disrespect to ' your worships I say it is wrong. We will see what another court will say. Mostaaar —Before the Mayor (chairman). Mr F. Monks, Mr J. W. Heyward, and Alderman Harrison. DRUNK IWO DTSORDERLY.—Igfehari Flennaghan and James Clare were dealt with for be'ng drunk and diso-deriv. Flan- naghen was fin,d 55., and Clare was committed to gaol for a month AN IMPTJDRINT BEGGAR.—John C. Dickenson, a middle- aged man was fined ss. for berging in Br:Vermin-kat-at., on Sunday evening.—Detective Barlow proved the offence, and said that defand,nt had the full equipment of a professional vagrant.—Mr. Monks to defendant: Why don't von go to the Workhouse. Defendant: I'll go to the Workhouse when the weather gets colder. DREAM nv emu Pscaoz.—Frank Hares. Hollow-yard, Bank street. was bound ovcr to keep thepeace for 6 months for fighting in Rose and Crown-street on the 15th February. and Orde•erl to pay 78 64. cost'. LICENSE TRAHRTRR9.—The following transfers of licenses were granted :—.Tames Hunt. transfer of" Chesanea're " Winwick-road, from Job Hampton to himself; Charles Har- rison. off license, 2, School-street. from George P,rr ;Michael Higgins." Royal Arms," Bank-street from John Conroy; Charles, Whittaker, "Victoria Vaults." Mersey-atreet, from Hannah Jones • George Andrews. "Boar's Head." Town's Hill. from William 'Houghton • William Aspinall, "Railway Tavern." from Samuel Ha;tshorne ; Archibald Campbell, off license, 54, St. James-street, FOOTBALL IN THE RTBRET.I.—JaMmt Leonercl. 12 Ellen- street ; Benjamin Bennett. Pierpoint-street ; William Fitton, 97, Catherine-street were all charged with playing football In Pierpolnt-street to the annoyance of passengers on the 18th April.—P C. Corbett proved the offence and s,id he had previously cautioned defendants and other lads about playing football there. A lot of properly had been damaged through lit—A fine of ss. was imposed on each d-fendant I TUESDAY.—.Before Mr Robert Garnett fin the chair), Mr. E

J. Gneq. and Dr. ‘7inith

FRAT,DULENT BriLTSTMEMT.—WiIIiam Murray was charged with fraudentl,- enlisting in the 3rd Liveerool Militia.—He admitted the offence, saying that he would not have done so if he had been able to get work.—Prisoner was Iv ntenceci t a month's impesonment. Ate INCORRIGIBLE OFFEVDER.—FIiZa Smith. an aged woman of no settled abode, was charged with inde'ently be- having herself on Monday night in Dallsro-lane. and.further, with breaking a pane of glass, valued at 55.. in a window be- longing to James Lazenby. baker. of Irlem et —P.C. Sankey proved both offenees, after which the Chief Constable said prisoner had hAPTI summarily convicted 26 times, of a certain offence, and 31 times for drunkenness and kindr-d offences. The Bench committed her to gaol for three months. TIIIIOGULLB cCHOOL ATTEMANcE —Yar not tt tending school regularly, the son of James Ring. baker. 72. Ls-thgnes- lane, was sent to the ship Clio. An order was made in the case of William Partridge, 2 Bridgewater street and an ad journment of four weeks was granted to Joseph Mather, 7, Alder-lane.—Fines were inflicted in thn following eases : Patrick Carey, 347, Winwick-road ; James Rirchall, 29. Crossley street ; Joseph (Heave, 42 Forster-street. ; Joseph Poniter, 23. Hoyle-street ; John Roberts. 71, Watkin-street Thomas Moody, 36, Plerpoint-street ; William Dagnall, 16, Warburton-street. _ _ . .

WEDNESDAY —lleforeMr. jhn Fairlmieh (chairman), Mr. J. Geddes. and Mr. J_ H. Plemine.. _ _

AN UNDUTIFUL SON.—Thon-as Braley, wts charged with stealing a carriage cloak on Tuesday from his father's house, Percival's fold Defendant admitted the theft. The Chief Constable sail that defendant was a worthless son who lived on his parents. On Tuesday the clock was at his father's house and was afterwards misael. Meanwhile defendant had attempted to pawn the article with Mr. J. C. Dalton, Brid7e-street. Mr. Dalton detained him and gave informa- tion to the rolice. He was arrested by P.S. Hollin 'worth. Defendant was sent to gaol fnr one month's hard labour TRUFSDLY.—Before Alterman Sutton (in the char) and

Mr. J H. Fleming. DRUNICENNEq9.—James Melaney, en Trish labourer. and Hannah Qtavatte, married woman, were e.cli dischareed with a caution for being drunk, the former in I:Wee-street at 8 o'clock on Wednesday nieht end the latter in Scotland-road at the same time. P.C.'s Barnett and Pennington proved the cases.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSTONS.

BATIIRDAY.—The eases at these sessions were tried in two courts by the following magistrates :—Mr T. S. Gillespie, Colonel Wood. Mr. C. B. R. 80-ron. and Mr. R. Stone. A BOATMAN'S NEGLIGENCE.—Jehn Hayes, m• ster of the fiat" Gtorge.” WAS summoned at the instance of jnacpn Cookson on behalf of the London end North western Railway Company, for having on the 18th of February, at, Wlnwlck, permitted his vessel to be unlo tried withont sufficient plans s or stage being erected f OTT, the vessel to the banks ef the St. Helene Canal.—Mr. Fenna. solicitor, prosecuted. and !Wed that the proceedings were taken under an old Art of Peril ,- ment with the object, of preventing material from he'ng dropped into the canal during the w,rk of unloading.. The defendant had been repeatedly warned and told wl,at he should do when he had to unload a vessel. hut he refused to take any notice whatever, and continued to unlosd hie vessel, whieh carried manure. in an improper manner. The result was that the manure fell into the can-I. ‘'ome of it sunk ta the bottom and other portions of a lighter order floated on the top ef the wster, and caused a great nuisance. It wag ifia a source of exrense to the company to keep time censl navigable, causing increased dredging.—Mr. Jos u-th Cookson proved seeing the defendant's flat l'eing unloaded at the Winwick wharf on the dte tpuried w'thont a proper stage being erected A great quantity of the manure fell Into the water —CnTob, rative evidence was given, and the defendant was lined 108. and costs. Golbnrne on the 11th DRUNKENNESS.—For being drunk and disorderly the follow- ing were dealt with :—John TWISS• Inst., 10s. and costs ; Richard Charles. Golhorne. on the 20th .inst.. 2s. 6d. and costs ; atrick Carney, wirdoek. 17th inst. 2s. Ed. and costs ; John Gough Havdno', 18th inst., 2s. 6d, and costs : John Bairdman. 18th inst., ss. an ' costs ; Richard Jackson. 19th inst , 2s. 6d. and coat'; and Henry Harrison for being drunk at Hayclock on the 17th inst., was fined 25.6 d. Including casts.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUPTURES.—REYNOLDS' Pntent Imperceptible Indisrubber StPm Pail TRUCS. Suit:ollP in all eases. perfect Fit Unsurecl. Write or call for particulars.— REYNOLDS, 10, SlatP -treet (a fPw floorr Bold-street), Liverpool. Open o Saturday until? fylvt

===== 0002601_18960502_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMTNER, SATURDAY, MAY 2 1896

DOGS AT LARGE.—For a breach of the muzzling order, Jokeph Mawson. Haydock, was fined 3s. 64. including costs; and Albert Stevens and Arthur Handyside were mulcted in a similar penalty for a like offence. LICEN-E TRANSFERS.—The license of the " Sign in Cellar" beerhouse, Golborne, was transferred to John Cnnliffa • the Horse Inn from William Carter to John Edwardson. and that of the "Spinner's Arms," Golborne, to Sarah Duddla.

WARRINGTON " A " v. RUNCORN " A."—The last match of the season and the fourth match this season between the above teams was played at Runcorn cn Saturday in fine weathersbefore a moderate gathering of spectators. Warrington opened the game,Runcorn quickly returning irata touch. From the throw out the homesters got well in the visitors' ground, and Gregory, receiving a pass, scored. He tried to convert but tailed. Foe home men sent the ball to the Warrington end, but Scott smartly returned to Ur- other end. The ball wis again brought close to the visitors' goal,and from a scrimmage near the line, Gregory got possession and attempted to a dropped goal, but the ball just went outside the posts. Scott got away, but being pressed, he passed, and Wil- liamson (Runcorn) received the ball, which he sent in touch. Houghton picked up and got well off before he was tackled. The forwards tried to take the advantage, but Price promptly relieved. Another smart run f rem centre by Houghton was checked by his being thrown in touch at the Warrington quarter flag. From a scrim- mage that took place there, Percival dashed away and almost scored,being held up on the line. Play returned to centre, where Warrington were awarded a free kick, which Randles toA, and Pendlebury made his mark from it, Lightfoot kicked just as the half time whistle blew, but the ball went a long distance out. On resuming, Warringtan got into the home quar- ters for a short time, but Runcorn aided by one of Houghton's long kicks, got to the Warrington line,where several scrimmages ensued. Runcorn were frequently very near scoring but the visitors were on the alert and defended well, Scott eventually affording great relief by taking the ball beyond centre. For a few minutes pre- y ous to time the game consisted of long kicks by both sides. The match ended with Runcorn winning by one try to Warrington nil. Warrington played better dur- ing the second half than the first, and some good run- ning and passing was witnessed. Houtzhton, the inter- national full back, did a great deal for Runcorn with his long kicks. The following players were on the field : Warrincgtom : Spruce, full back; Moores, Scott, Foden and Radford, threequarters ; Price and Clarke, half backs ; Sudlow, Hughes, Royle,Randles, Freeth,Scholtz-, Bailey and Swift, forwards. Runcorn : Houghton, full back; Gregory, Lightfoot, W. Gayter, and • Williamson, three quarters; Percival and Took, half backs ; Shaw, Waslaburne, Wood, Richardson, Pendlebury, Taylor, Dyer and F. Jones, forwards.

PARLESTOWN 2ND V. MONTON 2ND.—Played at Monton on Saturday. Scores : EARLF.STowII. MONTON. T Marsh c& b Barnwell 5 A Plowright c Saunders Sanders b Perry Hipwood c Plowright b H Brooks b Hipwood 2 Ram well 26 A Walmsley not out ...... 12 W Jenkinson c Edneston b W Tattersill c Jenkinson

Hadfiel,. T NV Banton run out 4 A TAttersall b Hipwood 4 J Barr b Barnwell W_ Hatton c ± owright b Hipwood

Hadfie:d lO C Hadfield c Jenkinson b J Burrell c Tattersall b Harris n 2 Brooks 1 C Berry run out 4 J Mercer not out 25 C Edneston c T Marsh b F Horsley run out W Harrison to bat b Hipwood 0 J Barnwell o Jenkinson b Hipwood 2 Extras Total..

Total

SANKEY WIRE MIT,T.S V. HOUGH riREEN.--The Wire Mills team journeyed to the latter place on Saturday. Marshall, Hobson, and Bailey for the visitors reached double figures. the innings closing for the total of 56. The home team were quite unable to cope with Simpson and Hobson, the former obtaining four for six, and the latter four for nine. The innings closed for the poor total of 17. Score :

WIRE MILLS. HOUGH GrEEN. Williams thrown o-t lO W Walker b Hobson Ellis b Kerry Marshall c Lewis b Warham 12 Warharn c Williams b Woodcock c Lewis b Kerry 3 Simpson 3 Simp.on b Kerry 5 Dr Mercer c Ellis b Hob- Evans c Booth b Warham Hobson c Merrick b Walker 12 Kerry b Hobson 1 Moss c& b Warham Bailey a Warham b Mercer 10 W Mercer b simpson 0 Massall c Booth b Kerry ... 1 Sp-trkes c Sub b Hobson 0 _ _ .

Sub not out Lewis run out 7Libbutt not out Extras

Total ......... ...... 56

Total l7

THE SHIP CANAL BILL.

DECISION OF THE COMMITTEE.

The House of Commons Committee appointed to con- sider the Manchester Ship Canal Bill on Monday, after an inquiry extending over nine days,gave its decision on the portion of the bill relating to the tidal openings from the canal into the Mersey estuary. The members of the committee were Mr. Blake (chairman), Mr. Samuel (Stockton-on-Tees), Mr. Heywoud Johnstone, and Mr. Fardell.

The Chairmtn said : The committee have come to a resolution that so much of the preamble as relates to the tidal openings is proved. The proposal of the promoters is to do away with the tidal openings, and, in substitu- tion for the present operations, to torn out as much water as possible, as high up as possible, consistently with the reduction to 14ft. 2M. of the canal level, within 41 hours, as near as may be done, at latest within five hours, after each high tide at the Weaver sluices. The Proposed plan is (a) to open Walton lock on the fiood, as soon as the comparative levels allow of the discharge from the canal into the river, and to turn out there. for about ths space of an hour, as much water ,s possible, having regard to the changes of level oicasioned by the proposed operations below ; (b) to open Old Bandies very soon after Walton, mast to turn out there, till the canal level is brought down to 14ft. 21n., as much water as possible, having regard on the one hand to the objsct of getting out water at Walton,and on the other hand to the necessity of using the lower sluices to reduce the canal level in time ; ( ) to open the sluices at the side locks at Runcorn, Bridgewater, an.] Weston Mersey as early, and turn out there as much water as possible, having regard to the operations at Walton and Old Randles ; (d) to open the Weaver sluices for such time, and to such extent, as shall, with the aid of the other discharges, effect the prescribed reduction of the canal level within the precribed time. The alternative sug- gestion from Liverpool, as from their point of view a lesser evil, is that the retardation needed to use Walton should not take place, and that the discharge should begin at Old Randles as soon as the level there allows, thus saving an hour, and that the prescribed reduction should be accomplished an hour earlier. Of course the promoters will bring up clauses to carry out the various concessions appearing in the minutes, which we need not recapitulate. Let them bring up an amendment to clause 4, providing that the closing works are to be such as will be easily and quickly removable. Let them bring up clause- (a) creating an obligation, under a penalty of £5OO a day, to reduce the level within the time prescribed ; (b) to dc so by opera- tions such as are above described; and (c) modifying the Weaver discharge clause. If they desire, they may bring up a clause giving power to the Conservators to autho- rise, after trial, and in case of failure of the described plan, the adoption of the alternative plan, the alterna- tive plan being, of course, that of the Randles sluices. With regard to the position of the compensation claims, and with reference to the efficacy of any finding under them, that will be deferred, pending the reply of the pro- moters. The Widnes and Hutchinson Estate clauses are to apply to the status quo under the former Act. The Committee do not see their way to a recognition of the claims of the Shropshire Union, or others in like case. At the request of the promoters, consideration of certain proposals of the Runcorn Rural District authority is de- ferred. If the promoters desire they may bring up for consideration a clause for the deposit with some cne per- son for the behoof of all petitioners entitled for the re- cord. of the working of the sluices. Mr. Blennerhasset, counsel for the Widnes and Hutch- inson oppositions, intimated that he would not take part in the discussion of clauses, thereby reserving the right to oppose in the House of Lords.

The Select Committee of the House of Commons which has heard the evidence for and against the Manchester Ship Canal Company's (Tidal Openings) Bill met again on Wednesday. Counsel for the landowners who claim ' protection and compensation in reference to the drainage ot their lands raised objections with regard to the ability of the Company to pay compensation,one learned gentle- man declaring that the Company was utterly and hope- lessly bankrupt. Reference was made to the position of the first debenture holders, whose security has priority over the Manchester Corporation debentures; and the Committee declined to insert clauses which would have given the landowners who are opposing the bill rights as preference creditors. An important discussion followed with regard to the powers of the Mersey Commissioners, and the Committee finally made an important modifiea- tien of their former decision by making the assent of the Commissioners a condition precedent to the closing of the tidal openings.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN POLICE COURT.

MoNn.cr.—Before Messrs.P.Speakman and F. J. Norman. A Nl* RILtiorsTRATE.— Mr. J. W. Lightburn, chairman of the District Council, took the customary o Abs of allegiance and afterwards occupied a seat on the bench. POOR ITATES.—The magistrates affixed their signatures to the following poor rates : Norton ls. in the £ to realize £3oBBs. 6d, ; Ha'ton, is. 3d. in the to realize £367 us. 9d. ; Stockholm, is. in the £ to produce £4B 9s. 4d. A MISSING " DRUNK."— James Robinson did not appear to answer to a charge of being drunk on Saturday night, April 18th. Superintendent Okeil's application for a warrant was granted. How SOME PE IPLE LlVE.—Selina Giblin and Catherine Craig who held in her arms an apparently young child, were charged with living in a certain outbuilding in Mersey-street, Rtincorn,on April 26th without having mea .s of subsistence. P.O. _Booth stated that Ile was on duty in Water-st.. and found the cwo prisoners in an outbuilding at the rear of an empty house. They had their clogs off and said they had no money to get lodgings. An hour previaus to that time he met the prisoners in the stre,t and told them to get in somewhere, or he would have to 1 ick them up. Both women were under the influence of drink —Mrs. Crtik pleaded for leniency and promised if let off to go to the workhouse where she has three children. Her husband. according to her statement left her with four children five weeks a.,to. Both prisoners were sent to gaol for 14 days with hard labour. . THE WESTON LEIN THErrs.—Mary Asoell. and Edward Goodall, who were remanded last week en a charge of stealing iron at Weston on the 21st. April were again brought up.— Superintendent Okelt asked for a further remand, of a week, which was granted. Bail was again allowed. •

===== 0002601_18960502_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY. —Before Messrs. A. Thomas and B. Sp.takman.

WILFUL Damiem —James Ainsworth was charged on remand with wilfully damaging a shed at Frodshatn on March let. The„.case was rem 'nailed at the last court to prove ownership which was done by John Hopley the complainant, who stated that he erected the shed and defendant knocked it down. Ile estimated the damage at 2s. The magistrates decided that defendant should • pay 2s. for the damage and us. and costs for committing it. A TALE OF. A TRAC'FION ENGINE. —John Priestner sum- moned George Davies for wilfully damaging his potatoes to the extent of 45., on the 2 !Ist a, d 22nd Amil and also for assaulting him on the first mentioned date. George Davies issued a cross-summons against John Priestner for assaulting him on April 21st. Mr. Giles, of Chester, appeared • for P,lestner. John Priestner said he was a farmer at Frodsham and had been 13 years in his present term. The road leading to the farm was a private one and part of the expense of maintainance was borne by him. On Tuesday. April 21st, his traction engine way lying on one side of the road, though there was seven feet space to pass it in. Defendant (Davies) drove down the road in a milk float and went straight across his potatoes. He caged to Davies and Davies replied "Shift your engine onto: the road." On returning the same way, Davies again crossed the potatoes and he caught hold of the horse's head. Davies then jumped out of the float. and struck him and they afterwards struggled together and fed to the ground. They were separated by a man named Helsby. The day following Davies again went across his potatoe field.— Ralph Harrison and Samuel Sherlock. employees of Priestner, corroborated and stated that there was sufficient room for Davies's float to pass the engine.—William Helsby also gave corroborative evidence. For the defence Davies alleged that he could not get past the engine and was forced on to the field. On returning he got out to lead his horse back and Priestner 'truck him first. He admitted the straggle after- ward..—Davies was ord.red by the magistrates to pay the 4s. damage together with 1,..s and costs which included the advocate's fee. A DOG AT LARGE.—Thomas Prince was fined ss. including costs for allowing his doe to be at. large on March 21st. A PUBLICAN IN Tnounr..E.— Peter Hughes. landlord of the Railway Arms. Dunham Hill, was summoned for e.ommiting a breach of the licensing laws by permitting drunkenness on his pirnises on April 4.—Henry Windsor was also sum- moned for being drunk on the premises on the date named. —Mr. Giles appeared on behalf of the police—The case was proved by Sergeant Hunt, who stated that on the day in ' question Hu 'bee was taking part in a foot race Previous to the race he w .rued defendant about the condition of Wind- ' sor, but on rettrning about an hour. afterwards he found Windsor, who was still drunk, in the taproom. There were two other men in and three glasses of beer, one near defend- ant Windsor.—P.C. Bradley corroborated.—Defendant denied serving the man after being warned —The magiszates dis- missed the case against Hughes, but fined Windsor ss. and costs for drunkenness.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS.

TITESDIY.—Pefore Mr. J. C. Parr (chiirman), Messrs. H. Nield, John White, H. C. Broadbent, J. Mclntyre and Captain Rodgers. Dray NG WrrnotrT RElNS.—Joseph Higginson was charged with having on the sth March, driven a horse attached to a lurr without having reins.—He was fined is. and costs. Dwinficrw%Ess.—Mary Wardle was fined ss. including costs for being drunk at Appleton on the Ist April; Joseph Clay- ton, drunk and disorderly at Appleton fined 55. and costs; and Annie Scarishrick, similar offence on the 18th inst., at Appleton, Sc. incinding costs. Aw UNLICENSM DOG.—Thomas John Wrir, of Rekewlck. was fined 10s. including costs for having kept a dog without a license on the 4th April. Mort:maven DOGS.—Henry Hayes. Stockton Heath, for allowing his dog to be at large at Appleton, was fined is. and costs ; Joseph Williams, Stockton Heath, Walter Booth. Buttermarket-street. W trrington, Joseph Cross. Stockton Heath, James Strange, Latchford, Joseph Fogg. Moore. were also fined tor committing a similar offence on divers dates. _ _

CYCLISTS RED THEIR LIGHTS.—George Robertson and Wallace Paker for haying ridden their bicycles without a lighted lamp at 7.40 on the 29th March, were fined is. and costs.—Benjamin Hatt on was similarly dealt with for riding a b'cycle at 10.3) p.m. without a lighted lamp.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON v. HALIFAX.

The last match in the regular list ef fixtures was played on Saturday, when Halifax who was keeping close upon the heels of Manningham, paid a visit to the Wilderspool enclosure. Warrington had a very strong team selected, but unfortunately, at the last moment four of them cried off, and the reserves also not being available, but a poor team went into the field. There were fully 7,000 spectator 3 present when the match be- gan, and the weather was all that could be desired from a spectator's point of view, though it was uncomfort- ably hot for the players. Mr. Bronkshaw of S'ocknort was the referee and the following were the players under h;a control :—Warrington : Evans, full back ; Barber Isherwond,O'Brien and Lawless,three qnarters ; Fliggin- hettom and Houghton, half hacks ; Andrews, Taylor, D tkin, Fairhurst. Berry, Wilcock, Savage, and Burrows, forwards. Halifax : Toothill, full back ; Jackson. Bottenaley, Garside, and Firth, three quarters : Arnold and Rive', half backs; Riley, A. Wilson, H. Wilson, Robertshaw, Mellor, Whitley, Dickenson, and Kitson, forwards. Taylor kicked off and during the first half Warrington had to face the sun, but there was very little wind to interfere with the game. Arnold made his mark in response to the kick ' off, and kicked in touch near the centre flag. The ensu- ing scrimmage was in favour of Warrington and Hig- gMbnttom taking advantage of this gave his side still further advantage by a judicious kick ia touch. At length a good run and kick by Smith caused the game to be fought in neutral ground where Lawless made his mark, but this d;d not prove of much advantage to his side. Some stiff scrimmages ensued here-abouts, and Isherwood by missing a pass from Fligginbottom almost let Halifax through, but O'Brien just stepped in,in time, and kicked in touch at the centre. The Halifax for- wards, headed by Riley. and the two Wilsons headed a ' dribble, and things looked had for Warrington, when Isherwood pluckily robbed them of the ball and kicked in touch. This was followed by a scrimmage for which Ring made a grand run along touch, O'Brien at length proving his downfall by knocking him in touch. Immediately afterwards, Firth got pessession but on being challenged by Lawless, he kicked too hard, and Evans touched down. After the kick-out, offside tactics caused Warrinoten to he penalised, and Rigg just missed landing a penalty coal. Firth again proved too eager after this let off for Warringtem,and again kicked the ball too far, another miner resulting. The scoring was at length opened, when Warrington ere again p.n. alisecl in a similar position to the last penalty, -and Firth landed a goal, thus putting Halifax three points ahead. Warrington by some Rend rushes by Barber, Taylor, and Dakin, roused some hope of better things after this, for an attack was made on the Halifax lines. This proved only brief ,however,snme luelcy flying kicks which Evans failed to return, giving the Tykes an advantage. 'foot- hill now got the ball clear and raced in front of the goal to drop,but he failed to ehoot straight and the ball went far wide, and Lawless kicked safely into touch. Toothill was almost over after a wild kick by Lawless, Barber just collaring him in time. From the ensuing scrimmage Rice passed out to Garside and the latter was very lucky in just getting over at the corner. Robertshaw landed a splendid goal from touch. From Taylor's kiek off, Barber and Houghton were very prominent in a passing run, and from now to half time, play was very even, Halifax then leading by eight points to nil. Rigg re- etarted and owing to a poor response by Warring. ton, Halifax were attacking immediately. Evans got them out of the difficulty by a long kick which was followed up well by Barber who was aside, and he tackled Toothill before he could reply, and play was located at the centre. Barber was again very prominent by a tricky dribble along the touch and Halifax lines were in great danger until Jackson got the ball into safe quarters, and Bottomley and Kitson dribbled down to the other end. Iligginhottom was the eaviour of his side this time,ancl for a long period the play which suc- ceeded was dreadfully monotonous, scrimmaging being the order of the day,Warrington having by far the best of it. The monotony was relieved by one fine outburst of passing between Fligginhottom, O'Brien, Barber and Lawless,but Firth put an end to this,and the play again resumed its old monotony. Warrington had dreadfully hard lines on one occasion when Berry and Dakin took the ball to the line,and Dakin actually crossed it,but was knocked back again. This was Warrington's last chance, and during the concluding sta,es of the game, they had great difficulty in keeping their lines intact, as Halifax appeared to have got their second wind. Nothing further of interest took place,however, and a very unin- teresting gam, enden in a victory for Halifax by a goat and a penalty goal (eight points) to nil,

===== 0002601_18960502_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

G-. BU .;SEY, & CO., the leadinz Sports Manufac- tisrers of London, S.E., have published a most com- plete cstalogue. It is b.)und to interest Cricketers, Golfers, Tennisers, Croquet Piayers, and the like. If you cannot ob- tain a copy from the local Desler, send a post card to G.. G. B. & Co., as above.

Cricketers should get the G. G. B. Diary, price 6}cl. post free.

WARRINGTON V. PRESTON —The opening match of both these clubs took place at West Cliff Grounds, Preston,on Saturday, before a good attendance. Winning the toss the Warringtonians took first batting on the capital wicket, Messrs. J. J. Crosfield and E. Rowley being opposed by Sutton and W. F. Best. Runs came slowly at the onset, and after Crosfield had cut Best for tour, a clinking ball from the Preston professional upset the deputy-captain's leg stump. Thewlis filled the vacancy, but the bulk of the scoring was done by the amateur, several late cuts earning for him repeated applause. Thewlis batted stylishly, but was eventually tempted to launch out at Best, with fatal results,for Coward judged the catch in clever style, and the Warrington professional was taken near the screen. W. H. Porlmora came next, but never seemed comfortable with the bowling, and at 43 Sutton sent him back. With J. Callon joining Row- ley a capital stand was male, and the t .tal had reached 58 when Eastwood relieved Best. The new bowler at once met with success, for Rowley was taken by the wieket•keeper btanding back. Mr. Rowley's 39 was a masterly exposition, and his contribution had not a faulty stroke. Bibby fell in Eastwood's next over, so that half the wickets were down for 53 runs. A stand was next made by S. M. Crosfield and J. Callen, and several risky runs were effected with success. However the visiting captain paid the penalty at last,for his com- panion failed to answer a call, and before Mr. Crosfield could regain his crease the bails had been removed. E. Connor joined Callon, and these two defied the efforts of the local for a lengthened period, Connor especially batting brilliantly. Changes were tried in the attack with futile effect, until at 98 Callon was taken by Todd at the wicket, his contribution of 22 being a useful addition. G. Hampson joined Connor, and an unexpected stand was made, and it was not until 138 had been reached that Hampson drove one into the hands of mid-off, the ball being safely held. This partnership realized 40 runs. The last wicket was pro- ductive of ten runs, when L. A. Voisey was howled, E. Connor carrying out his bat for a splendid 38, and in- cluded in which were five fours. Warrington's essay realized 148. Preston were first represented by Messrs. W.F. Best and G. Harper, the bowling being started by Messrs. E. Connor and J. J. Crosfield. The first-named 'batsman never seemed easy with the deliveries of the medium pace bowler, and at seven Crosfield got through the ex-Kent player's defence. A. M. Hollins joined Harper, and runs were difficult to obtain, so close was the fielding. At 23 Scrimshaw relieved Con- nor, and in his second over had the satisfaction of send- ing back Hollins with a grand length ball, whilst in the next over a brilliant catch at slip got rid of Coward,the third wicket faging at 36. Harper had a useful partner in F. H. Hollins.but little could be done with Scrimshaw and at 47 the initial batsman was taken at cover slip in fine style by Rowley, having made 23, the highest score for his side. A good stand was made by J. Leigh and G. Harper, and a couple of hits for five raised the en- thusiasm of the locals to a high pitch. However,a smart piece of fielding sent 'Leigh back, whilst the first ball from S. M. Cresfield dismissed Sykes. Clemesha showed signs of staying until at 94 Connor was given another trial, and he soon finished off the annings,a brilliant Tun- ing catch by Thewlis sending back Eastwood, whilst Sutton failed to time ar extra fast one from Connor. Todd was snapped by Hampson in clear style, and the innin.,s closed 48 runs is arrear, Warrington thus win- ning handsomely. The visitors showed superior cricket all round, and the wicket-keeping of Hampson made a favourable impression. Score and bowling analysis : WaRRINGTOX. PRESTON B Rowley o Harper b G Harper o Howley be Eastwood 3,1 Crosfield b Sutton 4 W F Best b J J Crosfield 5 Thewlis a CowArd b best W if Podmore b Sutton J Callon c Todd b Best 22 b Scrimshaw 3 J Bibby b Eastwool 0 P H Hollins c S M Cros- S M Crosflell run out l3 field n Connor lO Scrimshaw b Eastwood 0 J Leigh run out l9 B Connor not out 3B 0 Eastwood a Thewlis b G Hampson a Eastwood 0 minor - b Sutton ' 15 It Sykes b S M Crosfield 0 LA Voisey b Sutton 9 H Clemesha not out Sutton b Connor... Todd o Hampson b Connor Extras 1 Extras 5

Total 148 Total 100 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. PRESTON 0. M. R. W. (' 0. Buttgn 23.2 6 61 4 B C0nn0r...12.3 6 26 4 W F Best 17 6 32 2 J Crosfield 17 7 34 1 CYastwood 13 3 42 3 Sorimslisv 18 10 19 3 AM Hollins 3 1 12 0 S M Crosfi'd 6 2 10 1 J Bibby 3 1 6 0

WARRINGTON V. PRESTON (2ND ELEVENS).—The open- ing match came off at Arpley on Saturday. Preston winning the toss decided to bat, and compiled a score of 111 runs. The horn team opened with Messrs. Adamson and Silcock, 17 runs having been scored when the first. named batsman fell a victim to Pve. The remaining five wickets contributed 78 runs, of which Silcock was responsible for 52, the came endine in a draw in War- rington's favour. Duckworth took three wickets for nine runs, and Silcock five for 32. Score :

PRESTON. WARRINGTON. Punchard .) Si?cock l2 Adamson h Pye Simp.on c Si!cock b Roddy 5 Si!cock b Pye Leigh b Sitcock Coward c and h Si!cock 6 Evans b Punchard ... ...... 9 Dent h Duckworth l9 Crompton c sub. b Pun- Ladvman 0 Adamson b chard Stleock 4 Richmond net out

ThreWail b Duckworth Dickson b Duckworth Sub. e Roddy b sileock lO __

_ Denne c Cook b England Pye not out Extras ll Extras .. 4

Tofal lll Total EARLE.TOWN v. MONTON.—Earlestown, for their opening match,plaved Mouton on the home ground, and succeeding in securing an easy vict(ary by 83 runs. Bell twisted his ankle after delivering two overs. and had to retire. Husband and Clare. however, did well in the bowling department, and Dennis piled on 35 before he was di-missed. Score,—

MINTON. EARLESTOWN. B V Shawcross b Clare ... 1 G Husband c Thompson b B D Whittaker b Clare ... 3 Senior J S Whittaker c Alderson G Dennis 5 Senior b Husband 2O G Miller ~ A a Thompson b Clare... 4 T Barker .. T R Frost, b HusbanA ... 2 F P Clare o Senior b Wib- R B Whittaker bHusbind 0 berley J G Frost b Clare R H Walms-ey e Mite- J 1-1. Alderson not out l5 hell b Husband Senior b Husband F Wihberlev not out 4 T Mitchell b Senior 0 S A Banks 0 Dennis b C Emmett . Husband Extras 6 Extras ll

_ Total 54

_ Total 117

===== 0002601_18960502_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A MINUTE WITH YOU PLEASE

-- Sufferers from Gr "el. Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy NVind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys Bladder stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a po.itive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and it not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. Of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from HOLDROYD'S Medical Hall Checkheateu. Yorks. Sold at 35, Bridge-st., Warringtca. Don't be put off, if you cannot get thtm write tostho Proprietor and a box will be seat next post.—

===== 0002601_18960502_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRAINING COLLEGE.

The students at tile Warrington Training College gave their annual concert before Sir John Bridge (examiner) and a select audience in the lecture room at the College on Thursday last week. Mendelssohn's oratorio" Elijah" was chosen for representation. In venturing upon the performance of this work, the students had an arduous, and perhaps too ambitious task. The difficult and ex- acting music of this,the choicest of Mendelssohn's works, taxed the resources of the students—numbering about one hundred—to the uttermost. The principal vocal- ists amongst the students were Miss E. Eaton, Miss K. Rose. and the Misses Bennett, Creswell, Hey- wood. Hickman,. and Trotter. It is not our intention to attempt a critique of the performance ; that must be left in the hands of Sir John Bridge in his exami- nation renort. Mention may, however, be made of the valuable assistance rendered, especially in the choruses, by male members of the Warrington Musical Society, and the Parish Church choir, without which the performance would, of course.have been very incomplete. The majestic chorus "Thanks be to God," and also " Behold ! God the Lord passed by !" call for special mention, both being given with power and finish that was highly appreciated. The principal share of the solo work of "Elijah" devolves upon the titular part,and puts a great tax even on the physical powers. Mr. J. Hargreaves Hudson,ot the Cathedral,Liverpool,had been engaged for the title role, and he was fairly auccew- ful, his best efforts being in the recitative and air, "Draw near, all ye people: e^me to me !" and the air, " It is enough, 0 Lord." Mr. J. Parkinsm, of Warring- ton, sang several tenor solos, and he also took part in a double quartette in company with Mr. J. Abdey, Mr. R. Eccles, Mr. P.C. Price, and four of the students. The orchestra consisted of Mr. R. H. Pearson (Ist violin),Mr. C. H. Clare (2nd violin), Mr. G. Johnson (viola), Mr. Edgar Balmford (violoncello), Mr. R. Whitfield (double bass), Rev. Morley Stevenson, principal (piatioforte),and Mr. W. A. Wood .(harmonium). Although rather a small orchestra, the instrumentalists played the accompani- ments in a manner that heightened the effectiveness of both solo and choral work, and added much to the enjoy- ment of the audience. Due credit must be accorded Mr. W. S. Woods, the teacher of music at the College, who skilfully wielded the baton thriughout the perform- ance.

DOMESTIC TRAGED-Ii NEAR BRISTOL,

- A shocking case of attempted murder, followed by suicide, occurrei at Winterbourn9, near Bristol, on Wed- nesday. After a quarrel about some family property between Robert Smith, aged 66, and his sister, Elizabeth Smith, Robert visited the latter's house, and nothing further was heard until sometime afterwards, when Miss Smith staggered into the road, and stated that her brother attacked her with a hammer, leaving her in- sensible. On search being made in the outbuildings the lifeless body of the man was found hanging to a beam. Miss Smith is under treatment at the hospital. WHY SUFFER ONE MOMENT from torturing, dis- figuring skin diseases. when -a warm bath with CUTICURA SOAP and a single application of CIITICURA (ointment) the great skin cure will :afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy, permanent, and ecnomical cure, when the best physicians and all other remedies fail. No preparations ever compounded in the history of medicine have performed the wonderful cures daily made by CIITICURA. remedies. They are in truth the greatest skin cures, blood purifiers, and humour remedies to modern times, and appeal to those who have suffered long and hopelessly, with irresistible force.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
•,,- k' 5 /TAXERS TO 7,Y.E" 474:1.47.127Ar.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
CE,64/11/NESS USE Offer

===== 0002601_18960502_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. 4:4

===== 0002601_18960502_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IBLOODAIXTUaI

===== 0002601_18960502_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
beansgate, Ylanetleeter. Advice free

===== 0002601_18960502_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
8„g„,,, . ~4A ~, i •.., - , .., . ,

HAL

BRILLIANT

===== 0002601_18960502_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
PARCEL

MERCHANTI SELECT/

The FIM

Illustra Watc:

SIZE C OLD Ji

===== 0002601_18960502_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
J. W.

Steam F

82, ROYAL 14un 1)1,14-1 LINE 1114141 LINE LINE LINI IhISR LINI LINI IRISH L IRIS"; LIN] 4tlSly L IN]

) O, pt , H

FOUN poisoN FOR KIL , been killed by qundreds of farm( it the beet Poison kn( l'ad by using it. Po r,NITORD & SONS, San( lby Chemists. Al e'4ll stacks, and Pois(

===== 0002601_18960502_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
'''.'.'..,•......,........,....................

iIEEI

lIEEI tEE, 13EEI tEE, tEE tEE tEE tEE tEE tEE tEE )3EF 13EE

dild Sold

li,te 0 M- torneutru ttibes pei Ptopriet(

===== 0002601_18960502_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• , .

===== 0002601_18960502_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
.nded ;dig VAlu ab

ed of $ll air]

ndon, C.C'

t I°°

)ti.___l2:_l_--/3eetje'

,ths, Be

cer ,r, so or ,erfectlY destrol/ Lot Pert • all ant,ol wollens be oof the acing

„_!:_,

rid of b 1 I chil'iP 'Oll e'anielD, is). 50

rn imine't,Pf.ffr Dritaft onial' sorts ta st if yitio in t hese ved the s aro P,1.1 gde

Devitf 2nd. I.dovoi unl/01`" it few "AO. 3ellent +id I first Lie haci Of h!9:0 e a 810100 lad e,n cif u4dea., 0, 1 5; prevligi ,Tain• Id the oit or 3? right Wlllo° • COST BOl'- ri;,10., rty this, 1"011 ,newervoi ree Woo? add ,cese,

nrifTW. ILLS and 2100 proPP" Aslcst 11/1

p.,, ml lii

who MVIOI4, and testiro% 0 .1 6rotil —'oolo—

Wee, oil renlS'effiA its 0, 'Ci(O e b10c4.01 Zs. 94h eig ps .bgv- pl' itatiO A 7 N

ever 7 tot 110W° hras',fer d filmefi i" prr ,nteti ,suo• 01' L It/ a_

/4!

ists e. 00' Age air4' /tor°

110 0 006: 2.1 'll 2

Aahii

===== 0002601_18960502_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
PARCELS OF UNSET GEMS TO SELECT rizon

WEDDING RINGS AND KEEPERS. MERCHANTS NETT CASH CITY PRICESS SAVING ALL PROFITS:. SELECTIONS SENT TO THE COUNTRY ON APPROVAL

The FINEST, CHEAPEST, and LARCEST STOCK. of T-si CS in LONDON.

Illustrated Book of Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, Watches, Clocks, Plate, &Lc., at Reduced Prices, . Post Free. CARDS SENT FREE JEWELLERY AND. WATCHES

SIZE OLD

ON APPLICATION. TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

J. W. BE r SOP , 1111. the Queen's Jeweller,

Steam Factory: 62 a 64, LUDO/UTE

===== 0002601_18960502_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18960502_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
tEECHAM'S

nEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S tEECHAM'S tEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

tEECRAM'S

tEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

tEECIRAM'S

tEECHAM'S

Prepared by THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, 411 d Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers everywhere, in Boxes 914, is. PA., and 2s, 9d each. With full directions, THE Is. PA. BOX CON TAINS FIFTY-SIX PILLS.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Fr, "kJ T it TH PASTE e %E' rAogi vgg km) - ' •

_ 4er, ‘J.INIMEI.U)S ITSELF ; it is efficacious, economical, cleanses the teeth; perfumes the breath, removes tartar, and prevents decay.- It is composed of ,the best known ingredient., tZeutralizing the acids of the mouth, preventing all deleterious deposits upon the teeth, attd is a pleasant and reliable.dentifrice. BE CHAM'S TOOTH PASTE is put up in. collapsible Pi.oes Perfectly an and so adjustable that no waste need occur the packages are prettY fhr the toilet table, and most convenient for the travelling bag. Of all liruggists, or from the Prietor, ;!sIIILLONELNG, Postage paid..

===== 0002601_18960502_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
R.A.LISTER'LC°- TD.

DURSLEY, GLos.

• • • A' .9!‘`'-tt

===== 0002601_18960502_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WI 0 N BH-'•-•:,...'-'''',. R FIT L

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Gmaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxce 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any athiress for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES Dave C.ThIPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & SOl.B Loadon, and all the Wholesale Houses.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICINE!!

BEE HAII/19S

Are universally admitted to, be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sen- sations, Scc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18960502_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours and bring about all that is required. No Female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each 130 a, they will soon restore Females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use. a.

For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of healththe whole physical energy of the human frame. These a,re facts testified continually by members of all classes of society and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is,

EFCHAM.'S PIL S Have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world, being six million boxes per annum.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S

THE EXAMINER, SATUIWXY, MAY 2, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS

DANDEI.4ION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

is lid. and 2s. 9d. per tox (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. attei excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical nbstruction. No Blue Pill or liter. eurials, hence no fear of col i. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. id., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ase . SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PIICTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZhNGES, SAM h' PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

THE GREAT REMEDY.

sLAlliss GOUT PILLS

FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, St.:LAMA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pun is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe. and Effectuil. Sold byiall Chemists at is. id. and 2s 9d. per,box.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON-

===== 0002601_18960502_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
QC I

===== 0002601_18960502_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
e , , 53 A.0614`':0:';W0,64617.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBER-rs WONDERFUL WATCH. CENTRE SECONDS

BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD.

gold plated cases

===== 0002601_18960502_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ONE OF

BEATS AL OTHERS IN QUALIT AND PRICE

DEBERT'S WATCEIES,

plain If pre- terr ed eaem )ling lesi Iver qua

loot, s exactly as a _ _. All are warranted timekeepers. I will send by registered post, safely packed, at my own risk to any address in the United Kingdom on receipt of postal order 7s. 6d., a Watch as above plain vase resembling silver or gold (as desired). Enclose. this announcement (" Examiner ") with,jureer to-day. My 6,1. Albert CHAIN ..woitaz " Silver (stamped Debert, Liverpool, on the bar) are the best in the world. Seal to match 40.

Ladies' Solid SILVER WATCHES from 10s. 61.

Real Silver Albert CHAINS 3s. ed., real Silver Name BROOCHES.HaII marked. from 100.—P. DEBERT, Watch Manufhcitrer. Wholesale Jeweller and General Merchant, 10, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established over 10 years.

1 r' m , - . . .1.i.,1:._. ..7,... , I '.• $ , 1) 11. Pif .- • I , 1..„ \ ,P,.. bl i I ' Sit \ ..., „....„...E_..•._ .......... ~.., .... •••- 4, can had ,15 Guinn., Gold Watch.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
6/11

ESTABLISHED 1851.

BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HA F per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPObITS, repayable on demand. TWO per uENT on CURRENT ACCGUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted £.

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full putieulars post free.

FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

GARLAND, IRONMONGER. BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. All Sizes of MOWERS as below kept in Stock. SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR CASH. REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN M

WN MOWERS!!

WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal WM rAnt Makers to H.M. the Quoin and his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PATENT " SILENS MESSOR "LAWN MOWERS. WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLI) LINK STEEL CHAINS. NEW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of all o hers, and are the FIRST, FOREMOST. and BEST IN THE VV ORLD. They have stood Ike test for upwards of thirty years. and have carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been givea in all cases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens and G.,lf Clubs. They will cut either short or long grass. bents, 82., wet Or dry.

EVERY ONE Si NT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction. Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PUhCHASER They can be bad a all respectable Ironmongers and Seeds- men in the United Kingdom, or from the Manufacturers. THOMAS GRKEN & EON. L1M1T14:100, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, AND SURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, Sat. Cariiage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the United Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free on Application.

BEWARE OF DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS.

N.B.—Eepairs promptly done at both our Establishment*

for tlie frade as well as others.

DIPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES.

Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obs mate or ltng-stanoing, and never fail to bringabout the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parelel in medical science; have saved thousand trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price llst.—QuAustED CHEMIST. 201, Great Ancoats-st.. Manchester.

These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsams of Copaiba, enbobe or Injections and cure in 48 hours the Mine diseases without incon- venience. 4/8 of all Che- mists. Or post free. WILCOX & Co., IXFORD ST., LONDON, W

/ , f4;711j; N / •Tlc - 1- - LA. .OWERS !

I . „ 04N TA" 'VITA ' 239,0

===== 0002601_18960502_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS PILLS

===== 0002601_18960502_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
FUR NISH THROUGHOUT AT GERSHON'S

44, OLDHAM - STREET, MANCHESTER. NEXT TO THE ADELPHI BANK. 17. 19, and 21. HILTON-STREET, all adjoining and COMMUNICATING with 44, OLDHAM-S REET, MANCHE3TER.

MARVELLOUS BARGAINS IN GENUINE SHCOND-HAND FUENITURR, PIANOS, &c., GILLOW,_

DOVESTON, SNOWDON

DYSON,

OGDEN, LAMB,

AND OTHER NOTED MAKERS.

AND COUNTRY CHAT Subject: STRAIGHTFORWAUDNESS. HONESTY, LESS HUMBUG-, AND FAIR DEALING.

TOWN TALK

Mr. GER;iIO—N—IS aTitused at the advertising war now rag- ing, and each one seems to adopt the same means by copying his advertisement. Mr. GIiRSHON implores all intending purchasers to beware of base imitations, who, jealous of his vast triumphs, puff their secondary goods, but which are in reality much Inferior. Mr. GRIISHON takes his stand upon the rock of "Honesty and Justice," which are the guiding principles of his business. and from which precepts time nor tide will cause him to rece

===== 0002601_18960502_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
TERMS OF BUSINESS :-

GOODS PACKED AND DELIVERED FREE. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.

GOODS STORED FREE TILL REQUIRED. " REMEMBER."

Any lot advertised may be had on the deferred 'payment system at a charge of 5 per cent. Gods exchanged if not :satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will pnrabase or take in exchange a single article or complete houses of furniture. _ —

COMPARE PRICES. LATE THE PROPERTY OF A BANDMASTER. Complete house of furniture, consisting of the whole furniture br three rooms, silting room, bedroom, full size bedstead, mattrass, bed, bolster, pillows, sheets, blankets, bolster ease, pillow slips, and kitchen complete, all like new ; price 14 guineas, or 5 per cent extra on the deferred payment system. Call and inspect them. No harm done if you don't buy.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester. (Next to the Adelphi Bank).

LATE the PROPERTY of a SCHOOLMASTER. A Charmiug House of Furniture, really like new. It consists ot dining room soite in leather, extending dining table, carpet. rug, fender, fire brasses, lace curtains, window pole complete, magnificent bedroom suite (not painted, solid wood), enclosed dressing-table, large bevelled glass attached; enclosed washstand, marble slab, tile back, and hevelled shav- ing mirror, they form to complete chest of drawers; full-size handsome black and brass bedstead, wire spring mattress, bed, ',olster, pillows, sheets, b:ankets, pillow slips, bolster Lases, toilet set, carpet, complete furniture for kitchen, floor- Cloth for same, ditto for lobby and stairs. Call Lnd inspect the lot. Get a complete list, and you will say they are a marvel of cheapness for 24 guineas, or 5 per cent extra on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON, UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A POSTMASTER. Another complete home, well worthy the attention of those about furni,hing, all made by a noted maker; dining- room.drawing-room,three bedrooms complete and kitchen,any amount of sundries, all guaranteed, condition is spotless, call and see them, packed. warranted, and delivered for £3B, or 5 per cent. extra if on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank,

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A DOCTOR AT HIGHER BROUGHTON. This lot was let on hire by a house who charged £175 for them ; the lot wants seeing to effect a speedy sale; magnifi- neat dining-: oom in solid walnut (the sideboard is well worth £25). the drawing-room in inlaid rosewood, the bedrooms are in satin walnut wood and American walnut, grand bedsteads, oil painting, kitchen furniture, dinner set, and sundries; space prevents anything like a complete list, call to see them. Don't forget they were sent out on hire for £175; my price, £5B, or 5 per cent. extra on the deferred payment system.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSHON, 44, OLD HAM-STRRHT, MANCHESTER.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A MANCHESTER MERCHANT, who was only married seven months. The goods sre offered for sale by order of the trustees, in consequence of death. Every article is like new, and I guar- rantee that no house in Manchester can supply a complete house like it for four times the price quoted. I may here remark that the carpets and floor covering', being planned to the rooms. I have arranged to supply new carpets and linoleum's. and whoever buys the lot will have perfect free- dom to select the same. The dining room, drawing room, and various bed rooms are furnished with goods of the beet quality. A.ll I ask is for intending customers to inspect the lot, which I offer for £9B cash, warranted and delivered, or 5 er cent extra on the deferred payment system.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADIL 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphl Bank,

ATE THE PROPERTY OF A CLERGYMAN. Such a nice smart Dining Room in Leather: Small chairs (padded bank). couch, and easy chairs to match, solid frames, spring stuffei. a dead bargain for £5 15s ; handsome side- board to match, with bevelled glass back, £4 181. ; extending dining table, to match with extra leaf,3Bs.; large size carpet. bordered, and rug to match, 285.; overmantel, a perfect beauty, 308.; fender, dogs, and fire brasses, ' Bs, the lot; or the entire dining-room lot as above for £l6 75., or five per -cent extra on the deferred payment system.

GBRSHON'S UNIVBRSAL FURNISHING ARCADB, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank

LATE TUE PROPERTY OF 3.lRb. WOODWIN. A charming Suite,which I have re-covered in handsome saddle bags; the woodwork is second han, covering new small chairs. easy chairs. and couch,allt I latch; worth £l5; price now, £5 15s. Cabinet, Table, and Ove, mantel to match, makir g a charming lot for very little money, Add 5 per cent. if on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A BANKRUPT SILK MBItCHANT. Without doubt the handsomest fittings for a dining-room ever seen. Money cannot buy better. The small chairs are most handsomely carved. The lounge chairs and couch are all upholstered in a real crocodile leather. everlasting wear. The handsome sideboard, overmantel, and large exten ling dining table are all ix dark (nearly black)Chippendale maho- gany. I am informed they coat nearly £200; can now be had for 68 guineas, I have also the drawing room, which is si,ply magnificent, and a number of bedroom suites. One suite is in real satinwood, richly inlaid, and I know for a positive fact it cost two years since 250 guineas, and is now on offer for 85 guineas. Another massive suite in solid wal- nutwood cannot be described, it's quite equal to new, in fact, better, it cost £9s—the invoice is in my possession—can now be had for 65 guineaa, warranted and delivered.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank

LATE the PROPERTY of an HOTEL PRO- PRISTOR. A Number of Bedroom Suites. Bach suite has a wardrobe with bevelled glass door; enclosed dressing-t ble. glsas at- tached ; enclosed washstand, with marble slab,tile back, and shaving mirror ; bedside cupboard, rail and chairs. Ix the goods are Ash, Birch. Walnut, Mahogany, Cyprus, and other woods ; prices. 7. 8. 10, 12. 15. and 18 guineas the suite. One Suite, with 61t. 61n. wardrobe and 4tt. toilets cost £4O. for 27 guineas, or 5 per cent. .extra on the deferled payment system.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNI4HING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-SIMEET, MA.NCI-lE3TER.

LATE TIIE PROPERTY OF AN ACCOUNT- ANT. Several BOOKCASBS, in various sizes and woods. Very nice Mahogany Biokcase, 4ft. wide, top part enclosed with glass folding doors, moveable shelves, lower portion enclose with clipboards and drawers ; price, only £4 134. Another 51t. wide ; another 61t. wide, and a Grand Carved Oak Book- case; cost £BO, for 27 guineas.

•ON VIRW AT GRRSHON'S_UNIVERSAL FURNISHING

_ ARCADH. 44, OLDHAM-STRHHT, hIANCHE3THR.

G ERSTION, next to the AD gLPIII BAZTK, 44. OLDHAM-STREET. MANCHESTER.

BE CAREFUL, QECON D-lIAND FURNITURE is being Afiver. LI/ tiaed, and COMMON NEW LONDON RUBBISH IS BEING SOLD.

G__ESUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE.

13,EliESI BER

RAILWAY PARRS ARE PAID FOR COUNTRY CUS- TOMERS.

REMEMBER,

ILL GOODS ARE DELIVEIIED CARRIAGE FRI.

REM EM B ER,

GERSHON'S:ADDRESS7,IS NEXT TO;,THE ADELPHI BANK, 4, OLDH&M-STREET, MANCHESTER.;

===== 0002601_18960502_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

LANCASHIRE SECTION.-DECIDING CONTEST. RUNCORN v. OLDHAM.

These clubs met on Wednesday evening at the Brough- ton Rangers' ground, before 12,000 spectators, to decide who should hold the cup for the ensuing year, and be- come the possessors of the gold medals. Runcorn played their full strength, but the Oldhamers were short of Martin (suspended) and S. Lees (suffering from an in- jury). Oldham won the toss and decided to play from the Broughton end. J. Faulkner set the ball in motion, but the kick was charged down by Bonsor, who sent the oval into the hands of the kicker. The last named wen; towards his opponents' lines, and when within measur- able distance passed to his brother, who easily scored within a few seconds of the start. Its value, however, was not increased by Barton. This early reverse had a very desultory effect on the Oldham men. Houghton and Hurst exchanged kicks, and Varley sent the ball dead with a big punt. On resuming, the Oldhamers pressed, but Warder cleared his lines manfully. Good work by Myers saw the scene of play at centre, a free kick to the Cheshire men ha;ing the effect of making their opponents adopt defensive tactics. The ball quickly travelled to the other end, however, and free kicks followed to both sides. The Runcorn team then had to defend for a time, but W. Faulkner ran splendidly and passed to J. Faulkner, the latter handing to one of the other for- wards, who was tackled on the line. The forwards gradually relieved, but only for a short time, as J. Faulkner again gave the Oldhamers a fright with a smart dribble, Eagland dropping on the leather just in time. Varlev at length gained possession from a scrum- mage, and with a long punt sent play into neutral ter- ritory. A free kick, taken by the same player, found touch within a few yards of the Runcorn line. W. Faulkner brought relief with a timely punt, but the game was still fought inside the Runcorn 25 yards flag. Hurst was cheered for go )d play, but the oval went into the hands of Houghton, who replied with interest. A free kick then fell to the lot of Oldham, and Eagland took the place from near the centre line, and only just missed landing a goal by inches. After the drop-out, Warder ran to the other end, and passed to Myers, the latter getting within measurable distance before he was pulled down. Runcorn were awarded a free kick oppo- site the posts, and the ill-luck of Oldham still continued, as Hughes increased the Runcorn lead by placing a lovely goal. Oldham again put on pressure after the ball had once been put into motion, hut the Runcorn tackling was superb, and they did not let their opponents gain any advantage whatever. Scrummages ensued within a few yards of the Runcorn strong- hold, but Pendlehury ran out and punted. Hurst replying only poorly. Not to be denied, the Old- hamers returned. Houghton saving magnificently. The heshire forwards eventually found their way to mid- field). Varley sending into touch inside the Runcorn half. When the whistle blew for half time the Runcorn team led by a goal and a try (6 points) to nil. Varley resumed, and the return kick sent the oval back to the centre. nigh kicking between Hurst and J. Faulkner took place, ending in favour of the latter. W Faulkner again almost brought the downfall of the Oldhamers from a penalty kick, hut the oval went wide. Varley then sent the ball to the other side of the ground, Hurst and M'Cutcheon were almost in, relief being eventually brought to the Runcorners by a touch down. At the Oldham end. Eagland was tackled with the ball through dallying too long, the Runcorn forwards following up in lively fashion. Try as they would the Oldhamers could not get out of their own half. Lees made a mark, but did not gain any ground thereby. The representatives of the cotton manufacturing town now played like a beaten team, and Eagland was forced to kick dead. From the drop-iut Oldham went away with a dash, but the opposing defence was too safe to be broken through. By gradual stages the half-way line was reached. Eagland deserved credit for a smart run and punt, and Varley almost dropped a goal, the ball dropping short. This did them little good, however, as iinuehton sent the leather flying into touch at centre. MiCutclseon at last got a pass from Lees, and handing the ball to Hurst that player crossed at the corner amid great cheering, which was renewed when Eagland placed a goal. The interest of the spec- tators was now aroused to a very high pitch. The return to Faulkner's kick was charged down, and the ball found a resting place near the Oldham line. Centre was gradually reached, and Oldham missed another chance through Etchells making a bad pass when there was no- body to pass. When the whistle blew Runcorn left the field possessors of the cup and medals. FINAL SCORE:

C. T. Runcorn Oldham *Penalty . _ . _ • _.. _ . .

After the match the President of the Lancashire Divi- sion of the Northern Union (Mr. J. E. Warren) pre- sented the cup and medals to the winners. He remarked that the match just ended was a thing to be remembered by the Northern Union. Suggestions had been made by the Lancashire County Committee as to the advisability of the Northern Unionists returning to their old love,but there was little, if any, liklihood of that coming to pass. When the clubs which now composed the Northern Union asked for reforms which they considered neces- sary, they were refused, and so they started a union of their own. Seeing what a success the Northern Union had achieved, they would not bow to the ruling of the Rugby Union. (Cheers.) Mr. Warren then presented the cup and medals to Mr. Faulkner, on behalf of the Runcorn team, amidst prolonged cheering. Mr. Lang- shaw replied on behalf of the Runcorn club.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEWS AT RUNCORN.

For the last three weeks nothing has been more the subject of speculation in Runcorn than the possibility of the local 15 being able to secure the Lancashire Cup and Medals,and as week after week Runcorn have emerged from engagements successfully the excitement has be- come more intense. On Saturday last it only needed a defeat of Oldham to put the trophy in Runcorn hands without further contest, but the Oldham team managed to again place itself on level terms with Runcorn. On Wednesday afternoon the day on which the two teams were to meet with the deciding tie a well laden special train left Runcorn for Broughton. Great anxiety waa felt in Runcorn as to the result of the match, but though the game at Broughton was started at 6.15 it was con- siderably after seven o'clock before the half time result of six points Runcorn,to Oldham nil came to hand. The exhibition of this to a crowd of at least 700 people ! gave the liveliest satiif action. The final result came to hand about 8.20 and was the signal for an extraordinary outburst of enthusiasm, at least 3,000 people were cheering, shouting, and throwing up their hats, while gangs of lads were singing, doggrel rhy- mes chiefly extolling the virtues of the "linnets." From nine to ten the crowd began to dribble towards the station where preparations were being made to celebrate the incoming of the cup in a manner befitting the occa- sion. Two four-in-hands were waiting for the train,and as the train steamed across the bridge another enthusias- tic demonstration took place. The four-in-hand, witb the captain and the cup conspicuously displayed on the front seat,and the successful team,were driven the long- est way back to the headquarters, and when the excite- ment was almost over a heavy shewer of rain quietly, but effectively cleared the people from the streets. The procession passed on amidst much excitement through High-A., Regent-st., Church-st., and Bridge-st., finishing in one triumphant shout as the team entered their headquarters—Wilson's Hotel. As the players en- tered there was a general squeeze by the public into the assembly room. Mr. Speakman, the president, on gett- ing into the chair received a wild ovation. He said they would agree with him that the occasion was one of the proudest days in the history of Rwicorn football. He assured those present that he hadonever seen a club work from beginning to end as the Runcorn lads had done that day. (Applause.) The team had played 42 matches and had made heavy sacrifics, and they deserved a 1 the honour that could possibly be given them for having brought that handsome trophy home. That day they had shown the whole of Lancashire that they knew how to play football (ap- plause), and he could tell them something more. The Runcorn players were Runcorn men. (Loud cheers.) He was not going to say mile word about any other club, but their team had brought that cup to Runcorn as amateurs. (Loud applause.) It was a proud day ler them, and he was sure that the Runcorn club in their success had the good wishes of the whole of the p.ople in this part of the League, because they were amateurs and not professionals. At, this stage of the proceedings cheers were called for W. Faulkner, the captain, and were given with cordia- lity. The cup was filled to the brim with champagne, and Mr. Speakman had the first drink from the new trophy proposing at the same time the health of the teara and their gallant captain. The cup was then handed round, and conviviality reigned supreme. Healths were drunk and toasts were proposed until the hour prescribed by law forced the proceedings to a termination. DESCRIPTION OF THE cur.

The cup itself,in which the admiration chiefly centres, is not only valuable by virtue of the honour attached to the winning of it, but it also possesses a considerable intrinsic value. Standing a considerable height,it repre- sents a mass of solid silver weighing just over 145 beautifully proportioned,and is a handsome specimen of the silversmith's art. On one side is the inscriptio " Lancashire Sniior Competition. Established 1895 6." On the opposite side is an artistically engraved represen- tation of a smart tackling movement on the football field. The whole is surmounted by a running figure, so well carved and poised as to be almost lifelike. It is now- on view in the premises of the general captain, Mr. W. Faulkner, and has been seen by a great number of foot- ball enthusiasts. The medals,of hich 15 are presented by the Northern Union, are of solid gold, and are esti- mated to be worth about £5 each.

A British Vice Consul who has made personal inquiry as to the state of Orfah, Bitlis, and other districts of Asia Minor has presented a report to Sir P. Currie which discloses " a terrible state of affairs." The British All• bassador cf ntinues to " make representations to the Porte."

===== 0002601_18960502_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, MAY 2,149 G.

THE QUESTION OF BAD TRADE AT RUNCORN.

MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF AN EATtLES- TOWN MAN.

THE INQUEST.

At the Warrington Workhouse on Wednesday morn- ing, Mr. Brighouse, coro or, conducted an inquiry rela- tive to the death of David S ephens, 44 years of age, a labourer,for many years enaploycd at the Sankey Sugar Works, Earlestown, and who died at the Warrington Infirmary at ten o'clock on Monday night. Mr. James Titchett was the foreman of the jury. Ann Stephens said the deceased was her husband. He was 44 years of age last birthday, and was a labourer. He lived at 17, London-road, near the Sankey Sugar Works, Earlestown. He had been a teetotaller for four years and a half, but " broke out " at Easter, and the consequence was that he lost his employment. Since that time her husband had been nearly mad. On Wednesday last week he came home sober,and went I o bed about nine o'clock, and at 2.30 the next morning her son, who had been asleep on the sofa in the kitchen downstairs,called to her. She went downstairs, and found her husband lying on his back, and his head resting on the hearth- stone. He was "fair stiff." He was picked up, p:aced on a sofa, and she and her son subsequently assisted him to bed. A doctor was sent for, and Dr. Valentine was soon in attendance. Deceased was able to walk up- stairs with their assistance. She asked her husband why he came downstairs, and he replied that he " thought some one was driving wire into his forehead."— The Coroner: There has been a rumour that there was a quarrel in the house. Is that so ?--The witness re- plied in the negative.—ln answer to the Coroner, she said that the injuries to her head (which was in band- ages) had been caused by a blow from her husband with a chair. The deceased had told her that he became " dizzy" and fell downstairs.

The-Coroner,at this stage of the proceedings,requested the other witnesses to leave the room, and when they had done so, Michael Connor, step-son of the deceased, said that Margaret and David Stephens slept in the same room as their father and mother. He usually slept with his brother, but on the night when his father came home drunk he was downstairs in the kitchen. FP3 was awakened about half-past two by hearing a heavy fall. He found his father on the hearthstone with bis head across the fender. His father was drunk at the time ; he had no wound on his head th in except a small one behind the ear. He had never had any quarrel with his father, nor at any time had he struck him. They had all !lived happily until his father broke the pledge at Easter.

Dr. Braide said the deceased was admitted to the Workhouse Hospital, where he died on Monday night. He had made a post mortem examination of the body. There was externally a slight wound on the right ear. On opening the brain he found a lot of matter, between the bone and the membrane of the brain, chiefly on the right side, and pressing on the right lobe of the brain. This was probably of a fortnight's standing, because the brain was softening on the right side. On exainining the bone at the base of the scull a slight fracture was seen about one and a half inches long, round which inton- matory changes had taken place, and these were quite sufficient to account for the death of the deceased. Alexander Sullivan, 80, Legi-street, Earlestown, step- son of deceased, said that he saw his father well and hearty on Good Friday at Leigh and Bedford. He left him on Saturday night, and witness did not see him again until the Tuesday following. at E trlestown, when he had a number of cuts on his head. He told witness that "they had killed him." He then said when he got home his stepsons wanted him to go to bed without sup- per. When he would not, they got hold of him and " shoved "him upstairs. They then started falling out and the old woman got a smack with a chair. He (de- ceased) then ran downstairs, when someone came with a bottle or jug and gave him a hit on the head with it. On;Saturday night,when witness left deceased,the latter was quite sober. He had only had four glasses of port wine that afternoon.

The Coroner : He has been drinking port wine during the last four years,when you say he is teetotal ?—Yes, sir. I consider he is teetotal when he only drinks port wine and cider.

The Coroner: It is said that he was mad drunk when he got home P— Witness : Whether or not he got some drink on his way home I cannot say, but he was not drunk when he left me. _. .

Michael Connor was at this point recalled,and in reply to the Coroner he reiterated that his stenfather was mad drunk when he came home. He denied that any blows were struck at deceased, and also denied that the latter was hit with a jug.

The Coroner said that ha did not see what verdict should be returned except an open one. If anything further were discovered to be suspicious,the police could take the matter up.

After a consultation in private, the jury returned an open verdict, ia accordance with the coroner's advice.

STOCKTON HEATH.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING CONFERENCE.

On Monlay afternoon a conference was held in the Town Hall, Runcorn, to consider whether anything can be done to improve the trade of Runcorn. The meeting which was the outcome of a suggestion thrown out by Mr. Jones and was largely attended, amongst those ore- sent being Sir. John T. Brunner, Bart., M-P., the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., J. W. Lightbura J.P., J. Pritchard, H. J. Grice. G. H. Kirk- ham, J. Horsfield, T. Dan, W. Handley, D. Bisbrown, J. Hewitt, M. Sweetman, J. R. Firth, H. Branch, G. Summerfteld, E. Tuckey, B. Knivaon, J. Stubbs, W. H. Chadwick, R. Abel, W. Upton, E. Marshall (secretary), and F. A. L ike, (law clerk).—ln opening the meeting, Mr. Lightburn staced that Mr. Jones who originated the movement had been taken so ill that he could not possibly attend and had not been able to elaborate his scheme. They were therefore met to ascertain the opin- ions of gentlemen interested in different industries to see what would be the best course to adopt. In the first place they wanted a chairman, and they would be glad to see Sir. J. T. Brunner take that position and thus give the movement an impetus it would not otherwise possess. The hon. gentl,:man's assistance would do a great deal of good to a community with the need of help, and if he acceded to their wishes he would do an act which would commend itself to the people pf Runcorn. He would propos that Sir J. T. Brunner be chairman of the corn. mittee.

Sir J. T. Branner, said he would greatly prefer to see them give one of their townsmen the dignity of the chair- manship. He was at all times as far as his abilities allowed rum ready to place his services at their disposal. He desired that one who was always on the spot, and who was willing t: devote his consideration to the matters described as very important should have the honour of tne position, whilst he undertook the re- sponsibility of the work. _

- Mr. Ligfitburn said that every gentleman in the town was willing to surrender that honour if Sir John would accept the position.

The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi had great pleasure in seconding Mr. Lightburn's motion. _ .

Mr. Lightburn thought that if Sir John would under- take the chairmanship, Mr. Speakman would accept the office of vice cl4airman, and they then would have two commercial gentlemen at the head of the movement. Sir J. Brunner wa3 very sorry he could not see his way to fall in with the wishes expressed by the gentlemen present. If Mr. Speakman was going to do the work he should be chairman. As far as his apilities and time gave him opportunities to work for the prosperity of Runcorn he would do so.—Suhsaquently on the motion of Mr. Lighthurn, seconded by Mr. Dean, Mr. Speakman was unanimously elected to the chair,and Mr. Jones was elected vice chairman.

The Chairman said they in Runcorn found themselves in a poor condition since the Ship Canal undertak- ing was completed. The men •engaged on the under- taking had left the town, and the town had felt their departure. The other industries in the neighbour- hood were not by any means in the condition they would like to see them, and any wise suggestions made would be of advantage to the district. He would be glad of any expression of opinion. Mr. Chadwick stated that before Sir John Brunner's arrival he had been asking whether the town was pre- pared to offer any advantages to new industries coming in their midst. When he asked the question Mr. Grice mentioned the deep docks the W arrington Corporation contemplated providing. If Runcorn could do something similar they might succeed in doing something to en- hance the trade of the town and port. Mr. Lightburn thought it was impossible to answer that question at the meeting. The Council could not in his opinion do anything to bbe charged upon the rates and the committee would have to bear their own ex- penses. There were other matters also demanding con- sideration. They might make some arrangements for preferential rates to large concerns. To this, objections would doubtless present themselves tor if they offered lower rates to new concerns Ult old ones would natur- ally expect a proportionate reduction. The offering of special advantages would largely tend to bring new in- dustries amongst them.

Mr. Handley- pointed out that chemical works were already being erected at Weston Point and if rumour spoke correctly they would develope and provide work for a large number of hands. He thought the first thing they had to find out was what special trade was the town adapted to and how they could obtain those trades. He could not shut his eyes to the fact that the inception of large industries would take a long time and consider- able delay would occur before they had important re- sults. These depended upon certain conditions—the rates, water supply, land, water oarriage, and railway sidings which were big questions. So far as rates were concerned he could throw a little light upon it by what had been done. The Ship Canal Co. were rated on a comparatively low assessment. Originally this was put at £l,boo as far as this district was concerned, and he thought it now stood at £9OO or £9lO, because the committee having considered the cir- cumstances, felt they ought to do what they could to assist them. lie alluded to what he said a few days ago, when the appointment of a committee was under consideration. He suggests' the establishment of glue works seeing the material was made from the offal of tanneries. They had snap works but there were many other things which came from it such as dry soap which would employ a lot of female labour. Mr. Handley also gave other illustrations of trade to which the town of Runcorn was adapted.

Sr John Brunner stated that undoubtedly Mr. Light- burn was right in advising that the whole subject should be considered by a small committee. It was necessary in the first instance if they wanted to invite trade that they should possess certain information. They should ascertain what land was available, who were the owner& to be approached,so that the price for purchase or rental could be obtained. Mr. Handley had said that there were certain buildings availabla. If these were capable of being converted into manufactories, the committee shonld be acquainted with them. Mr. Lightburn had dealt, with an ability which surprised him, with the legal aspect of the ques ion. He suggested that they should have the presence of Mr. Lake, but this was al- together unnecessary, seeing the information possessed by the Chairman of the Council. He was perfectly ignor- ant as to their powers to reduce their rates for intending manufacturers, but he was perfectly well aware that small communities in the United States were able to offer inducements to capitalists to settle in the district, by agreeing that no local rates should be charged for two, five Cr ten years. How far they could go in that direction under their mode of local government he confessed himself in ignorance, but it would be the duty of the committee to obtain know- ledge upon that subject. It had been suggested that the local authority might obtain certain powers, and there again it would be valuable if the sub-committee informed itself, and made a careful report to the gemeral commit- tee. They had heard, rather indefinitely, that the Cor- poration of Warrington had undertaken the construction of decks. If that were so, it would be wise for them to ascertain the circumstances under which they were tak- ing action. At that meeting it was quite expected that the proceedings would be preliminary in character, and they would discuss as to what steps should be taken to ensure the prosperity of the town in the future. He was inclined to think that the appointment of a sub-committee to consider the suggestions made that day was as far as they could go. Wherever they went they saw pretty pictures at the railway stations. &c., setting forth the beauties of various watering places, and he understood the adver- tisements were paid for by the local Corporations. It might be that an occasional modest advertisement an- nouncing the fact that premises were to be had in such a situation, with certain advantages, at a low mita' for a few years, if inserted in a trade journal, might brine' in the long run many hundreds of pounds into the pockets of the working people of the town. He should be cordially interested in perusing the report, when published ,and he would use his best endeavours to make it useful for the future welfare of the town. (Applause.) On the proposition of Mr. Lightburn, it was resolved that the sub-committes should consist of the Chairman and Vice-Chairman, Messrs. Pritchard, Kniveton, Grice, Handley, Chadwick, Taylor, Imison, Pope, Lightburn, Kirkham, Brancli,and F. J. N,)rman. The Chairman said it would be for the general com- mittee to send suggestions to the sub-committee so that they might go forward. He hoped the work would be conducted so that it would bear valuable results.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
BO WLING. LANCASHIRE AND CFIEifIIRE BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

NHWTON v. FIAIIPURHET.—II3 the first round of the above comoetition,Newton met Harpurhvy at Tyldesley, on Saturday. and on by 74 points. Score :

NEWTON. _ _ HIEPUIIII EY, A Clough 2l G Schofield J Williamson . 21 S Jones il Itylance J Keen l6 J W Holland 2l T Fairclough NV :Wills B Fairclough J Bateman W F.irclongli l5 G Ashworth J Cameron J Aitken G Sturgess

_ Total 241

_ Total 167

Majority for Newton 84

47TH YEA.II. IN SCOTLAND ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

As will be seen in another column,Messm George and Co. of Scotland-road, Liverpool, an eminent and old-established firm, announce their 92ad half- yearly stockingtaking .9,11 e of the s-ason's accumu- lation of fine gold and silver watches, genuine diamr.mds, marble clocks, &c. Warrington and dis- trict visitors to Liverpool will doubtless, before purchasing, gladly avail themselves of this oppor- tunity, all goods being offered at from 53. to 10a. in every reduction, and written guarantee given with each article.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTO WN ND E WTON. I

DRUNKENNESS.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning before Mr. Borron, Patrick Donoghue was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Satur- day, and was fined ss. and costs. GOOD TEMPLARY (EBENEZER LODGE). The Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge of Good Temp- lars held its weekly session on Tuesday evening, in the Co-operative Hall. Bro.A.Morris,C.f., presided. One candidate was proposed for membership and two were initiated. Bro. Quartermaster-Sergeant Roberts then gave an address. A song was given by Bro. Brown, and a recitation by Sister Hopkins.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY:

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. G. Clarke, C.T., presided, and there was a good attendance of mem- bers. A vote of condolence ww: passed with Sister R. Warburtoa on the death of her father, also with her mother. A resolution in favour of the Scotch Veto and English Sunday Closing Bills to come be- fore Parliament, was carried. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, EA.RLESTOWN. Special anniversary services in aid of the schools connected with the above p!ace of worship were conducted in the church on Sunday. At the morn- ing and evening services, the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. .E. M. Jobson, M.A., of Briarfield near Burnley, who preached most instructive discourses to crowded congregations. The anthem at the morning service was " Doth not wisdom," and in the evening" The Lord is great in Zion," both of which were well sung. In the afternoon the choir gave a clever rendering of the first part of the can- tata " Christ and his soldiers,'' the soloists being Misses Conway, Uren, Lori, Clark, Hatch, Messrs. Waddington and Monks. The collections at the three services amounted to £l7 16s. Bd.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, EARLESTOWN. Special anniversary services in support of the schools connected with the above place of worship, were held in the chapel on Sunday. The pulpit was occupied at the morning and evening services by the Rev. H. Aldridge, of Manchester, who preached instructive discourses to large audiences. In the afternoon a sacred concert was given by the choir, assisted by Mrs. Urmand and Miss Thompson, each of whom sang the solos put down to their names in an excellent and efficient manner. Alto- gether the concert was most successful, the choruses undertaken by the choir being given with taste and pracision, under the conductorship of Mr. W. Banton. The following was the programme : Anthem, "Jehovah reigneth," choir; song, "The everlasting day," Miss Stronach ; song, "The toilers," Mr A. Banton; hymn, "Beautiful land," children and choir; song, ``Calvary," Miss Woods; solo, "He shall feed His flock,". Miss Thompson; anthem, "Saints Rest," choir; song, "The King of Love," Mr. J. W. Banton; solo and chorus, "Great Jehoveh." Miss Thompson; song, "Light and truth," Miss Tombs; song, "To the green hills far away," Mrs. Ormand ; song, "Dream of Paradise," Mr A. Banton. The collections at all the services amounted to ..E33.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION AT NEWTON.

On Friday evenizig Mr. Samuel Barrett, was the recipient of a handsome timepiece and pencil case, on the occasion of his severing his connection with the firm of Messrs. McCorquodale and Co., of Newton, in whose service he has occupied the posi- tion ot Chief Stationer for several years. Mr. Wil- liam Speakman who made the presentation in the presence of the subscribers, said they had met to- gether to show their appreciation of the long service and personal worth of Mr. Barrett, by offering to him that present. as a memento of his Newton friends, and a tribute of the high esteem and regard they entertained towards him. They were very sorry to lose him, and were surprised when, they learnt that he had accepted an appointment under another firm, but they offered him their hearty con- gratulations and best wishes for his future welfare. Messrs. Adams, Crouchley and Dick spoke in simi- lar terms, and in reply, Mr. Barrett, said he was ex- ceedingly obliged to them for the many kind expressions he had heard. It was painful for him to break from his old associations, but he did not think he left behind him a single enemy. The time- piece bore the following inscription "Presented to Mr. Samuel Barrett, as a token of their regret and esteem of his fellow etnployes of of McCorquodale and Co., Limited, Newton-le-Willows, April 24th, 1896,"

===== 0002601_18960502_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A-CROFT HOTEL PROPRIETOR AND HIS UNSTAISIPED GLASSES.

At Newton Petty Sessions on Saturday morning, Mr. T. J. Gillespie (chairman) and Colonel Wood were en- gaged for over two hours in hearing a case in which Henry Walker, landlord of the General Eliot Hotel,Croft, was charged at the instance of Mr. Shepherd. inspector of weights and measures, with having on the 3rd April, had in use for trade three unstamped glasses.—Mr. Stuart, of Newton, prosecuted, and Mr. Knowles, of Widnes, defended.—ln stating the case, Mr. Stuart in- formed the Bench that Mr. Shepherd went, in company with P.C. Callaghan, to the General Eliot Hotel on Good Friday. They proceeded to a bar in one of the rooms and asked for half-a-pint of beer and a hop ale. This was supplied in the glasses produced,which were unstamped. The glasses were taken from a number of others by the defendant's men which showed that they were in use for trade. Shepherd took possession of three glasses in which beer had beet' supplied, and none of them were stamped as required by Act of Parliament.—lnenector Shepherd corroborated Mr. Stuart's statement. There were about 200 people in the room in which he was served with the beer in unstamped glasses. Witness asked the man who appeared to be in charge, how it was he was supplyin2 the beer in unstamped glasses. He replied that it was a mistake. Witness asked him for his name, but he re- fused to give it,and witness then told him that he should take the three glasses produced. Witness afterwards saw the manager and asked him how it was he was sup- plying half pints of beer in unstamped glasses. Be realied that it was a mistake and was ow- ing to them being so busy. On locking at the smallest glass preduced,defeniant said that was a spirit glass and not a beer glass. Witness told him that glasses of a similar description were being used for supplying beer.—Cross-examined, witness said he did not think it necessary to take the glasses with the beer in to the landlord. Defendant did not tell him that there were SO dozen stamped half-pint glasses in the house.-- Re-examined by Mr. Stuart.witnese said one glass when filled contained one oz., seven drachms less than the re- quired quantity. If all the beer were served in glasses that size four barrels would go as far as five—P.C. Callaghan gave corroborative evidence. In cross-ex- amination,he said he saw three unstamped glasses at the bar. There was a ereat number of unstamped glasses in use. There would be between two hundred and three hundred people in the room that witness and the in- spsctor went in. For the defence, Mr. Knowles said Good Friday was a day on which a great number of people resorted to Craft. The General Eliot Hotel was a place where a large business was done, and every precaution was taken to see that the law was observed. An extra staff of policeman was engaged by the proprietor, and the visitors were not encouraged to drink. The defendant was an experienced man in his business. He had always been used tea large trade and was very practical. He had been at the General Eliot 13otel for about sixteen months. On Good Friday morning he got his assistants together and told them that they were not to serve beer except in stamped half-pint measures. There was a rack under the beer-pumps on which the stamped glasses were placed ready to hand. and the other glasses were placed on a shelf behind the assistants. It had been clearly laid down tat if a servant acted in disobedience, and disregarded the positive orders given, the landlord was not liable,and Mr. Knowles cited an appeal case in which this had been held. Proceeding to speak of the glasses in use at the hotel, Mr. Knowles said one of the glasses produced did not belong to the hotel. There were none others like it in the place. and ' how it got there no one could tell. The other two glasses were known as table glasses, and were used only at dinner pude,. It was unusual to have stamped glasses on the dinner table. There wore 4 dz. of these glasses at the hotel, and they were kept on a shelf behind the waiters. The defendant was unable to account for some of these glasses being brought into use as there were plenty of stamped ones. Mr. Stuart said he wished to point out that all the glasses in the house should have been stamped under the Weights and Measures Act. He contended that the ease quoted—Newman and Jones—did not fit on all fours with the present case. Under the general principle of the Licensing Act it was laid down that the landlord was responsible for the acts of his servants. Henry- Walker, proprietor of the General Eliot Hotel, Croft, said he had been in the licensing trade for sixteen I years. He corroborated his solicitor'e statement with regard to the glasses.—Cross-examined, witness said the waiters would be discharged if they did not obey his orders.—Walter Raynor, Eciward Falby, Henry Shaw, mid Walter Hatton, assistants for the defendant on the date named, deposed to receiving instruct ens from their employer as to serving beer in stamped glasses. The Chairman said they had given the case careful consideration, and they were under the impression that orders were given by the defendant. The case would be di,qmissed.

Mr. Stuart said there were two other charges against the defendant, viz., for using unjust measures and also for a breach of the licensing act. The point raised in the Newman and Jones case could not 'amply to the charge of unjust measures.—Mr. Knowles contended that all the cases chould stand or fall together.—The magistrates upheld this view, and the cases were there- ore not proceeded with.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

At the commencemeat of business in the House of Commons on Monday the Speaker ruled out of order three proposed instructions to the Committee on the London and North-Western Railway Bill directing the Committee to insert provi ions compelling the Company to run third-class carriages on the mail trains between Ruston and Holyhead at the usual rate per mile. Mr. CIIAMBSRIAIN, in reply to Mr. Labouchere.said he believed the Chartered Company of South Africa had about half a million in cash. He did not propoie to obtain security from the Company for the repayment of the cost of the suppression of the Matabele rising. Replying to Sir E. A. Bartlett and Mr. Buxton, Mr. Chamberlain said the Government received on Saturday, by telegraph, the substance of President Kruger's reply to their invitation to him to visit England. The Presi- dent said it appeared to him to be the wiser course not to press the question of his proceeding to England any further at present, but to leave it an open matter, more especially in view of the approaching session of the volksraad. Under these circumstances the Government had reluctantly withdrawn their invitation to the Presi- dent to come to England, and they had asked that Sir Graham Bower should come to England as soon as pos- in order that the Government might confer with him as to any further negotiations which might be decided upon. _ _

Sir W. HARCOURT asked whether arrangements had been made with the Government of the United States for the settlement by arbitration of the matter ;n dispute re- specting the boundary of Venezuela. Mr. A. J. Balfour replied that the last communication from the United States Government, which was received on Friday last, dealt both with the general question of arbitration and also with the special question connected with Venez For the moment that was all the information he could OVA. Mr. BALFOUR afterwards moved a resolution directing that for the remainder of the session the House should meet at three o'clock on Tuesdays ; that Government business should have priority over all other Bills and notices of motion on every day for which it was ap- pointed ; and that the provisions of Standing Order No. 56 should be extended to every day of the week. He explained that the Government intended to pass the Agricultural Rating Bill and the Education Bill " under all circumstances," and that it dependea upon the length of time the Irish members wished to spend upon the Irish Land Bill whether that was passed or not. After some debate the original res9lotion was then carried by 268 votes to 124. Mr. CHAPLIN moved the second reading of the Agricul- tural Rating Bill. Sir 11. H. Fowler moved as an amend- ment that in the opinion of the House it would be in- expedient and unjust that relief granted from Imperial taxation to rateable property should be restricted to one class only of such property. The debate was ad- journed. TUESDAY.

In the House of Commons on 'Tuesday Mr. Curzon told Mr. Bowles that claims for the unlawful seizure of British sealing vessels in the Behring Sea were under dis- cuQsion with the Russian Government.

Mr. VICTOR CAYRNDISR asked whether any informa- tion had been received as to the recent trials at Pretoria. Mr. Chamberlain replied that he had received a private telegram to the effect that five leaders of the Reform Committee had been sentenced to death. Upon that in- formation the Government telegraphed to Sir H. Robin- son the following message for communication to Presi- desnt Kruger :—" Her Majesty's Government have just learned that sentence of death has been passed on the chief leaders of the Reform Corimittee. They can feel no doubt that your Honour will commute that sentence, and they have assured Parliament that it is their con- viction that that is your Honour's intention." In reply to a further question, Mr. Chamberlain said four of the leaders who had been condemned were British subjects, and the fifth was an American. The debate was resumed on the motion for the second reading of the Agricultural Land Rating Bill, and the amendment moved by Sir H. Fowler, to the effect that the House, while recvnising, the desirableness of read- justing the burdens of local taxation, was of opinion that it was inexpedient and unjust that the relief granted from Imperial taxation to rateable property should be restricted to one class only of such property. The de- bate had not concluded when the House adjourned.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday the discus- sion on Sir H. H. Fowler's amendment to the motion for the second reading of the Agricultural Land Rating Bill was resumed by Mr. T. SHAW. Mr. G. WHITHLEY urged that there should be a time limit to the Bill. He op- posed the measure on the ground of the exceedingly cruel and grevious injustice that weuld be done to the borough and urban districts. He contended that Lan- cashire was entirely opposed to the Bill. Mr. LAnou- MERE said he could not support the amendment, as it seemed t, imply that under certain conditions Parlia- ment might be inclined to give a further subvention to relieve local burdens. He objected to all subventions from the Imperial Treasury. In the course of further discussion Colonel MELLOR as another Lancashire mem- ber, denied that Mr. Whiteley's speech represented the feeling of that country, tut agreed that a time limit should be introduced in the Bill. The debate stood ad- ourned at half-past five o'clock.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE AGAINST A STOCKTON HEATH BUILDER.

Before a full bench of magistrates at Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday,John Pemberton, builder, Stockton Heath,was charged that on March 13th. at Appleton, he unlawfully contravened byelaw 91, of the Runcorn Rural District Council, with having neglected to deliver com- plete plans of buildings proposed to be erected, as re- quired by such bvelaw.—Mr. Arthur Browne prosecuted on behalf of the Runcorn Council,and Mr. T. Swift, bar- rister,instructed by Mr. Wallhead,solicitor, Warrington, defended.

Mr. Browne said the defendant was prosecuted for an offence against the byelaws made by the Runcorn Rural Council which said that every person wh ) intended to erect buildings should give notice which should be de- livered in writing and which should be delivered at the office of the clerk of the authority,and should give com- plete plans and specifications of such proposed buildings. In the present case, the defendant purchased some land belonging to Pike's trustees. Before he obtained posses- ' sion of the land, a block plan was submitted by the de- fendant in October 1892. showing how it was intended the passages should be laid out. The plan was passed in the ordinary way in 1892, showing the requisite street.' and passages. In June 1893, the defendant submitted plans for fifty houses to the Sanitary Authority,and they were refused- on account of not allowing for a certain passage and certain street. Mr. Farrington sent notice of the resolution of the committee,stating that in conse- quence of the plans not allowing a passage and street the committee at their meeting in Aug. 1893,had rejected them. Mr. Farrington had net kept a copy of the notice but his postage book showed that he posted a letter to Mr. John Pemberton on the 31st August. That Mr. Pemberton knew the plans were rejected was shown by the fact that he sent in another plan which showed 17 houses only upon it. This plan did not show a pass- age leading opposite to St. Thomas' Church, and the Chairman of the committee struck his •pen through that part of the plan as being disapproved of. A fresh plan was requisite before any building on that part could he proceeded with, and this was 'where the offence com- plained of had taken place. A lot of correspondence had ensued on the matter,and in one letter the defendant admitted that he was aware that the plan he submitted had not been approved of. A new act had come into force, and Mr. Farrington had to make way for a new surveyor in the person of Mr. Swinton. The defendant did not make any attempt to build until a few months eon, knowing perfectly well that the plans had not been passed. That was when Mr. Farrington was not the surveyor and the fresh one did not know what had taken place in the matter. The defendant had got part way up with the houses, but he had done it •with his eyes open. He had written to say that his bricksetters were waiting to go on with the work, but yet he knew that his plans had never been passed. He had set the auth- ority at defiance in going on with the building, and he (Mr. Browne) contended that it was a procedure which should be stopped with a stroll.' hand. Mr. James Farrington, inspector of nuisances for the Runcorn Rural District Council and formerly surveyor, corroborated Mr. Brown's statement.—ln cross-exam- ination, witness admitted that the defendant's architect sent in plans in June, 1893. He did not write telling defendant that the plans bad been refused until August.

Mr. A. Swinton, surveyor, said he was appointed to that position under the Rural Council in 1895. The defendant commenced building over a passage on the 13th March last as shown in the original plans. He (Mr. Swinton) was not aware of a letter which was written by the Chairman of the Appleton Parochial Committee stat- ing that the committee were of the opinion that the road past Stockton Heath Church, should certainly be made, and that Mr.Pemberton and Mr. Wallington should make arrangements with the lessor of the land since the road was a necessity for the convenience of the residents for whom the houses were beieg constructed. Witness was not aware that the defendant had been trying to get the road. Witness admitted that he had told defen- dant to postpone building operations until he (witness) had tried to make some arrangements about the road. • Mr. Browne pointed out that the parochial committee was not the acting authority. Their recommendations had to be confirmed by .the Sanitary Authority.

For the defence, Mr. Swift said he submitted with the greatest confidence that the defendant was entitled to have the summons dismissed. Defendant was not sum- moned for commencing to build when plans had been rejected. They were charged with having neglected to deliver crannlete plans. The defendant, as was admitted, did not send in plans for 50 houses, and upon that plan 17 houses had already been erected. The plans had been in the possession of the prosecutors for about two years. Mr. Farrington admitted that they were deposited in June, 1893, and were submitted to the committee in August of the same year. It did not matter one iota in the present case whether the plans were rejected or ap- proved of. Every tittle of evidence which had been given went to show that defendant did not neglect to deliver complete plans. The minutes of the authority showed that the plans were submitted, and stated that "owing to the houses not being laid out in accordance with the approved plans of new streets they were re- jected." Not a single word of complaint was made about the plans not being complete," or that they were contrary to the hyelaws. He further wished to point out that it was laid down in the Public Eiealth Act, that within one month from the plans being deposited,thesur- veyor or clerk should signify to the sender in writing the authority's approval or disapproval of the intended work. Be (Mr. Swift) contended that his client did not receive such a communication within the specified period. The defendant had been willing to postpone building some of the houses until an arrangement had been made about the road. Mr. Swinton wrote stating that he would endeavour to make such an arrangement in January last, but he had done nothing in the matter up to the present. The disapproval of the plans was of am avail to the prosecution-if the defendant could prove that he had not disobeyed any by-law. Mr. Silcock, surveyor and architect,said he submitted plans for Mr. Pemberton to the Authority in June. 1893. They were prepared in accordance with the On being cross-examined with regard to depositing plans on behalf of Pike's trustees, Mr. Swift told the witness not to answer, contending that it had nothing to do with the present case.

Mr. Browne speaking on a point of law, stated that Mr. Swift's contention that the defendant had deposited " complete" plans was a reductio absurdum. The plan for the buildings which were now in course of erection had been rejected. The Bench retired ti consider their decision and on their return the Chairman said they agreed that there was proof that complete plans were deposited but that no notice of objection to them was delivered in time by the officers of the authority. The case would therefore be dismissed. They would make no order as regarded costs.

Tan Crrunar INSTITIITP.—The annual general meeting of the members of the above was held in the Church Room on Thursday evening last week, under the presid- ency of the Rev. W. S. Hulme. There was a very good attendance. The Hon. Secretary explained the new rules for the working of the room next season which had been drawn up by the trustees of the room, and the same were adopted by the general body of members. The trea- surer's accounts were presented by Mr. Edwin Bradahaw, who explained that starting with an adverse balance last year the balance of this year was very favour- able, and there was sufficient in hand to start the coming season with. The amount received from the Bazaar Committee had been spent on making the room eo.nplete and putting same in good order, and there still was a small balance in hand en that ac- count. The question of the disposal of the balance in hand which belonged under the old rules, to the Church Institute, was raised, and it was unanimonaly decided that same be handed over to the managers for the general working expenses of the room in the future. A suggestion was made that it was advisable to purchase a piano for the room and the matter was left to the managers, who have had the matter before them on previous occasions.—rh3 Chairman proposed a vote of thanks to the Hon. Secretary, Hon. Treasurer, and the committeeopeaking of their hard work and the readiness with which they carried out same, in very eulogistic terms,also mentioning that he could not speak too highly of them for the way in which they had always helped him in his work in the parish, and concluding by asking the members to stand by and help them in their work ; and wishing the room all the StnCPSR and prosperity it deserved. This was seconded and carried with acclamation—The Hon. Secrefary,on behalf of the committee,thanked the Chairman for his remarks and begged to pronose in return a hearty vote of thanks to him for the way in which he had helped the committee in their arduous work, and cm this being seconded it was carried amid applause. Votes of thanks were also accorded to Mr. F. Broady for auditing the accounts and to the members for their assistance during the past year. The meeting then discussed the anneal picnic:, and after some discussion it was resolved that the " Dukeries " should ha visited Ulla year. The Hon. Secretary t:ave particulars of the cost, &c. The date is as before, Warrington Walking Di • , and Mr. F. Timperlev has again kindly consented to receive the subscriptions in instalments from those who wish to buy their tickets in this way. Under the new rules the subscription for the next season for membership of the room is to be one shilling per annum,and every male over eighteen years of age in the parish who wishes to use the room habitually,is expected to pay this fee. The managers are not empowered to let the room to any body or organisation of males over that age,on more than two occasions in any one year. In other respects the rules are much the same as before,and the mem, ership and management will go on as before. It is hoped that this redueticn in the subscription (now a mere bagatelle) will be the means of a large increase in the membership and more frequent use of the room, though in this latter respect,the church room has during the season just closed been perhaps more often used than any similar room in the district.

LADIESICYCLING COSTUMES. Gaiters. Divided Skirts, &e. Special Department now open. WILLIAM HODGKIN- SON, 46 and 48, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt.

JUVENILE FANCY DRESS BALL g EA RLESTOWN. On Wednesday evening the Town Ball at Earlesto9ll2 presented a gay and festive app.arance, on the ocean', of Mrs. Latimer's first annual juvenile fancy dress Oaf, The idea for holding such a gathering was formed W Lath' months ago, the moving spirits being Mrs. organist at St. John's Church, Mr. G. Slinn,and the Re tvoi T. R. Matthews,and with a definite object in view decided to devote whatever funds remained above expenses natural to the ball in aid or the S. job;,, Church funds. Of course it 9, as absolutely necessary; enlist the help of the parents,as it Was quite an eaaY1;13,,,, ter to get sufficient children to take part in it. r, Latimer undertook this part of the duty and her efil,„ -Der in this direction were quite successful. Upwards of_lll children cave in their names, aud the parents egte into the idea with commendable zest. Mr. G. Sling usl: dertook the training of the children in dancing, and though his task was a difficult and trying one, the rel., was seen on Wednesday evening to Live been emigea,f successtul. A small committee worked the affair, C°-' With sisting of Mrs. Kaye, Miss Matti:ley% s, Mr. Latimer, ! Messrs. Martindale and Monks as secretaries, and t.r; Pimblett as treasurer. The Town Hall had been prettily decorated for the occasion IV E. T. Evans, and the limelicht effects by Mr. Jesse Harrison. Mr. J. Waddington offigia'-", as usher, and as the children filed into the hall, announced the characters, for the benefit of the WI; tors present. When the dances were assembled in t.he room they presented a very pretty appearance, minglinc, of the costumes making the scene a very PS one. Mr. G. Slinn and Mr. J. Barr acted as M.G.% their task of marshalling the children was by no meant an easy one. Dancing commenced shortly after Bck7cl°cci the programme being as under :—Grand March a° polka, pas de quartre, lancers, Medley, polka, cotilloa' schottische, waltz, quadrille. The lancers, with die exception of the second figure were v)cal, being hunting sing 1--incers, the St. figure, choir sincinC,Thet"- various figures, a pretty effect being the result. instrumental music for the other dances was played.,,,' the band of the Earlestown Orchestral Sciety,underuw" condw.torship of Mr. Ashley. About 11 o'clock tbe_,, children retired, and after that time the adults indulge' in dancing until the small hours of Thursday mornicP The refreshment bar was in charge of Mr. R. Lythgoe.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN FOOTBALL CLUB.

PRESENTATION OF ALLIANCE CHALLENGE CO.'

On Saturday afternoon, in accordance with custoter the winners of the Lancashire Allianee Challenge CLIP. (Exrlestown) played the runners-up (Ashton) on 0° Earlestown ground, the proceeds of the gate being f(//' the benefit of the Alliance. There was a fair atrencranre cf spectators, but only a very few eccomparAed the Ast ton players. Councillor W. Beatty kickerl off, a 9 Earlestown assumed the upper hancl, whiter they main' tamed throughout the game, winning. milt,- by four goals.lAt the conclusion of the match, Counci lot Beatti mounted the improvised platform, accompaaii-d by DO; - J. Waddington, secretary of the club, Mr. McGref2,cl (secretary of the Alliance), Mr. Gerrard (treasurer), 10' G. H. Hunt, and several of the Alliance EXcutive. Mr. J. Waddington at the outset re o a letter whicbb° had received from the Alliance Secretary,. in which he congratulated the Earlestown club upon having won tbe cup, and expressed the pleasure he felt at such a resl3l4 remarkinci that the club had carried out all' its „gage' ments in a fair and business-like manner, having. giyellt no trouble whatever and hoped that they woulkt ea nog d sease4 repeat what they had done this. He then r out the results of the Earlestown season, as follows I Played 22, won 15, lost 1, drawn 6, goals for 69, agair3ed 16, points gained 38. The runners-up (hohton), obtained 29 points. Councillor Beatty in presenting the cup said Ala/et him very grettpleaeure inde d to be askrd to Preee,?. the cup to the Etrlestown team, and considered committee had conferred a great honour upon him rw thought the team had played well throughout the seasool and honestly won the cup by sheer hard work, lie not',' that Elaydock had got their names on the stand twlee4 and he hoped Etrlestown would not be outdone, 0_ would not give in until they had got theirs on thre° times. (Hear, hoar.) He then formally handed the over to Mr. W. Wilkinson, captain of the team, who. I" thanking Councillor Beatty on behalf of the player!: hoped that woeld not be the last time he would ha: the pleasure of holding the cup, but that the would stick together and win it again next (Cheers.) tAof Mr. Gerrard (Alliance Treasurer) proposed a vo— thanks to Mr. Beatty. Mr. G. H. Hunt seconded, and complimented tiler Earlestown team on winning the championsbiP• te was pleased because be proposed the admission club into the Alliance,and he felt quite satisfied ther isb not disgraced themselves or him by the manne'tbe which they had carried on their business, and vroo championship. (Applause.)

The vote was accorded with acclamation. ded itt After the players left the field they were coolie.' baud a waggonette to the Griffin Hotel, th.i Ea,rlestogin leading, and playing " See the Compering hero coll.-deg The players of both teams, together with the corolOwe and the Alliance Executive afterwards Dartoek 0' knife and fork tot at the Griffin Hotel, about 50 eit:tiiti down. The evening was wound up in a convil— manner.songs and toagts being given.

===== 0002601_18960502_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS. WARRINGTON MAUCHT —WievxmDAY Apra 29TH FRUIT VRGETABLEI, POULTRY. BUTCHERS' AND FISH KONGB TABLE.

- ----- B. d. g• d• s. d. s. Be,ef,Eng ,4 no sto 0 9 Melons eech 0 0- 0 Lamb per lb 1 0- 1 3 Oranges, each 0 ~- 0 ,1; Mutton „ 6 - 0 10 Celery 1, stick 0 (3- 0 a Veal „ „ 0 6-0 10 Pears 0 0- 0 Pork .„, 0 5- 0 8 Auricots each 0 0- 0 ; Pork sides ... 0 41- 0 5 Carrots per lb 0 0- 0 f, „ cured... 0 4t- 0 5 Cauliflo'rs each 0 0- 0 Whole p ge,st. 7 0 - 7 3 Cucumbers „ o 0- 0 ,21. Geese lb 0 0-0 10 Cabbages „ 0 1- 0 Fowls s'couple 4 0- 0 0 Tomato s th 1 - 0 n" Chickens 4 6 - 5 6 Filberts lb ... 0 8- 0 " Ducklings - 0 0 Stanish Oni'ns 00- 0 I Rabbit - 3 0 Turn'. s 0 1- 0 Hares each... 00- 0 0 Asparagus rl.OO 0- 9 0 Pigeons „ 10- 0 0 Potatoess7 load 46- 0 0 Pat'dge bece 3 0- 0 0 Newootatoee 0 0- 0 0 Grouse „ 0 0- 0 0 Mushrooms Pi. 0 0 1 Pheasants ... 0 0 - 0 0 Green Peas Pk 0 0- 0 Turkey lb ... 0 0 -0 11 Green Speuts lb 0 3- 0 ''' Butter.fr'sh us 1 0 - 0 10 Bean.k'un'yelb 0 0.- 0 C/0 Hen erzgs 16... 1 0 - 0 0 Pomegranatrs 0 1-- 0 0 Duck,, 12 10- 0 0 Walnuts lb Apples lb ... 0 0 - 0 3 Lemoos each 0 0- 0 a Onions „0 1 - 0 2 Cheese 0- 0 " 1 Grapes ....0 0- 2 0 Best New 5B 0-62 PineAppleeach2 6- 3 0 Good 0 o_ 0 5 Greengages/co 0 - 0 0 Medium Cherries lb 0 0- 0 0 Lobster A lb 0 0- 0 St'wb'eies „ 0 0 - 0 0 Turbot „ 0 0- 1 vi Damsons ,„ 00- 0 0 Salmon ~ 00-1 "n Plums ~0 0 0 0 Whitings ~0 0- 0 G'sebVies „ 0 0- 0 0 Flukes „ 0 0- 0 eies „ 0 0 -ci 0 Eels „ 0 0- 0 - Black Cuenta 0 0 - 0 0 Sr les „ 1 4-0 0 Red Cur'anta 0 0- 0 0 Sparllngs „ 0 0- 1 I; Marrows each 0 0 - 0 6 Codfi.h „ 0 4- 0 0 6 Seakale tt, 80- 0 0 Mackerel each 0 - 3 Rhubarb belt 0 0 - 0 3 Herring per doz.l 0- 1

co Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOUN The Examiner General Printing Works, Hews°Ji:.re.4st. and Published also at The Examiner Onic Viet°„r At VV inNrs ; High-street. RIINCoRN ; .32, George-s.', Helens ; and 33, Market-street ; EF- ARLITOW?" 2nd, 1896.

89. pRIMITIVE

1313NDAY Next, M, be preached h aielirflNG and EVE‘i: *kneel). in the ATTE tiLIDDON (of Halton; 140. livening 6. SE

Sc Collections at tach e 4 I'4RLESTON-4 ANN IVR /MARI PRRACIIER: Rev. W

Vi ' Service tn tbe M Special hymn 111 the Afternoon, at ." The Liof Judah." Children, assisted by teednetet, Mr. T. 1/4111INALL. 'First V tild Chorus numbering kietti IL itt each ee o 6 tAIR 0 - STRi

4., TO-MOHR( 1.4,43 e Rev. BROW -.l.l)re.ten Morning . op-ning o Service at lo WESLEYAN S'

fttilygnsAity, TO-]

Preacher. R

. Service. Mnr ali the Afternoon a

Collettions

°ROIIG jj

1'144 itit PRIVATE P 44 ite behind No t NiZe behind Nos 11 A..." behind Nos hstit'Ple'V-rtreet. *l/4,4e behind Nos 6 I e bkind No 1. } htti_ltreet. hiqte' between Hear haNte behind Nos 52 Pkiii;freitt Thynne- ,N,Q, behind Nos 23 jbletattbeh, ind Nos 28 ije4sltoletween Nos 3 lelikrebthL incl Nos-1 h'"41,6, oehind Nos 42 4-44 street. bY the Royal nrieE Is HE] urb,_,,eunall of the 1 Counci lailshall be:level e< lerti;24Persuancz of tious'r resolved •• Th kis .gt,rnates and pi '4l,Pro;'°U.Fh Surveyol Ths:d* rpecifiation h7onal pportiont d,Fosited dun' apci.s.".t..the offices of t kir,"l be open to in Information ma' a."'" g Dorm' h Surve pied. --"ko this 2nd day

- __ _ _ __ __

===== 0002601_18960502_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
g§ht;

No Part of the wo-'—rlc

_ Dseefintive Paenphl Alen to the OxTAseto Liverpool. DAILY SAILING

SPLENDID 4111'. (weather.an 44t. between above 4q71,41( Liverpool 11 k___'44ll,l4.ndudeio '4IT MiN TIOICSI

teitpi RVRRY SUND Atej,,,,etK during April • on and site! •-•''''Re' and Menai

LiverpooLand thin(li Liverpool itrid Menai 1 Nemoa ckets avAilal LUNCHEONS, DIN

For further partiet L

LC Wed.. ,t earrsed o

4 Cabin will -to ,ge passage I 44:1)15,. liew York, to WILY, \-.74. ILO.. and

WoWert Weath,3r s'

-1-In' ste.saners are sumo

L1,V111411, ',L.A.RHNCH Ii 2. I,t(tionth-weatsac 4714 Y ............ ...... .............. .26, lary (available for I tt.,. Stevrage. 5. ; 1,424_4arn tlekets.are 41,,T,ntefaintra and ala of 1a• Bruin. and J. C. •141014,Ti0N

etiNARD LIKE ."A4 for VINATDING BA Pil I LA Di eitiaa4,,JlcP4 24141.1 d Alike tiek TUC '‘l 47 •41Y eat ekbe 4b, kb IMAIDE was., 41811ICAr %,""` L diseet ATU. $711742 1,0,4 L s47cich. eonttn lP t 4 ,nnlY originf 444;;Junk eelebrity f 1 ;,,11 bloat ettteneim 01 t l thherefore atte ,67tuat 4, thewhat the 4;:ft only .tqk th..s4' P The I,Out genuic side. label I I 1 "mnletale Anße e Street." fort 'niciZ:Zl°n the Qoveri tno--_et Chem' BPECIAL Of viiitY StLE

14.11:134kittli At ti,count

r,"TANNI k..-" 40% no, —"olad

sa. •

~•• t ..N. 1 " _

===== 0002601_18960502_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ak.._

===== 0002601_18960502_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S PR E.'I3YTERIAN CHURCH, WIN- WICK-STR NET, WAMRINGTON. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES, SUNDAY NEXT. MAY 3RD. Rev. WILSON Ci..Wl M. of Bowdon. MORNING, 10.30. YVENING, 6.30. Ct_ LLECT I ON S. WARRINGTON TFMPERA.NCE FEDERATION. wiry THE ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING 13E HELD IN THE BOLD-STREE l' LECTURE on TUESDAY EVli/N LNG, MAY STH, 1896. 111. following gentlemen are expected to take part in the ietovilaß :- 401B1,1ANON HICKS, M.A., of Manchester; Rev. W. L. of pj'.l.S. of Liverpool; Rev J. J, LANGHAM, MA., Vicer 14614..te ; E. J. GUEST, ILci. 13. A.. ,P.;J Rev. W. H. 808,74.0 ND B A - Rev. G. 1). MASON; Couticillor H. kti7RTS, A., M. MITCHELL, M.A., Vim of 41°°d• 1100Z*°r18 of vocal and instrumental music. b °Pen at Seven. Chair t) be tiken at a cputrtor to 3' the Rev. JOHN YON GE. Free. Collection f Vxpenees.

CHRSHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. &11, Y SCHOLARsHIPS. The CHESHIRE 4.0R0,,,0UNTY COUNCIL cffers for competition ten 4,;401811IPS, tenable at the Dairy Instituto,Worleston, 4006:,,seeks, commencing MAY 18th, to enable the holders eellst7ln thorough instruction in Dairy work. Candidates ,J.D4V.I't be less than sixteen years of age. 41,41,"%ti0ns to be forwarded to me not later than MAY R. P. WARD, Orly Organising Secretary. () ....OUGH OF WARRI.L.,I . -- NIIH PRIVATE STRRIe.T WORKS ACT, 1892. Nst itres behind Nos 131 to 179 Sankey-street. , hisat s behind Nos 115 to 123. Sankev-street. Arss behind Not 3 to 15, WhAe-street, and 3to 11, PisikelsV-street. l'ilsker behind Nos 6 to 12, Arple%-street, eI behind No 1, Henry-street and Nos 14 to 26, Ar pley- 01qttet. "sss between Heory-streot and Hanover-street. ss behind Nos 52 to 60, Pak.•r-street. INes from Thyne street to Museum-street. N:: behind Nos 23 to 43, Arpley-street. behind Nos 28 t • 34, Arpley-street. :between 34 Etna 36. Aroley-street. " behind 1 to 7, Hanover—treet. "'srk behind 42 to 46, Arpley-street. 'SliiieNteson-street. by the Royal C-urt Theatre. 'LeE IS Ht.REBY (*NEN that the Town unktio_ouneil of the Borough of Warrington, acting as the % eta liis‘rict Council have resolved that each 01 the above reett ,shall be level:ed, paved. flag2;ed, ehannelled,and made e e;othet, iiiirsuanc.3 of Section 6 of the above Act, and have nth, resolved "That the specifications, plans, and sec- % t:stimates and provisional apportionments, prepared by atpliro rsugh Surveyor, in respect of each such street be --vt sPecifiati,ns, plans. and sections, estimates and *it I un apportionments, or duly certified copies thereof, mu, leoosed during one month from the 4th day of May, 4 ,the offices of the Borough Surveyor at the Town Hall, ue open to inspection at all reasonable timei. Ith.,u.t.oorrmation maybe obtained from and inspection given Oirsilloodugh Surveyor, at his offices aforesaid, or y the this 2nd day of May. J. LTON WHITTLE. Town Clerk.

SLACK i 1 T. OLACK & k.)0., 951 WESTMINSTER BRIDGE ROAD, 5.E.,1 bli linc, LONDON, 173 41'. IN TEAS, COI4`KIIS, COCOAS, AND DUTCH The abo OIGAR.3. Firm can supply Teas, ix., at the undermen- '"`Q Priuts, viz•• ._ 2 at 1 Beele:noedied4" I 1,. Souchong INDIAN TEAS. is. 2d. per lb. is. 4d. 3 Our Own Blend „ is. 6d. „ 4 Atternmon T " • ls. Bd. .. 5 Very Choice"' 2s. Od. „ ttl Superb ~ Zs. 64. ~ tni. Teas can be supplied at the same prices as the above. , . IL FRENCH COFFEES. per lb. illela Coffee as prepared in Paris with Chicory at Is. Od. a 9 9 f. „ It 91 IS. 2d. I .. .. .. 99 OP „ is. 4d. ~ .• is. 6d. In ills': *lb.. and 111;1 Tins." _ I kis PURE COFFEES. ! t Pure Coffee at is. 64. per lb. in i. i. and 11b. This. : I. ls. 8d• ~ is. 10d• Pt •• 19 2e. Os. ~ ~ ~ COCOAS. 4 1.,-Lueopathic at is. 2d. per lb,in 1, i. and 11b. Tins. I IPI re ec'eua Essence at 2s. Ocl. .. S ei4?!.t .1 19 0118 Soluble at Zs. Bd. 60.111 at 3s. Ocl. „ .......... till fah_ DUTCH CIGARS. ,111.1,7vw ng Brands of Dutch Cigars are always in Stock. boxes at the undermentioned Prices Carriage Paid. c4▪ -ns 136 Od. pr 100 8 .ea Flower 16s. 6d. pr 100. Z Q4.tre Nous 145 Od. „ 9 Whilimlnas lie. 6d. ~ ! 11b.."4err050 15s: Od. .. 10 Perfects 175, 6d. „ 165. Od. „ 11 Manillas 20e. 6d• ~ IS 11-‘ldriea 16s. Od. ~ 12 Planteurs 21s. Od. .. 7 ',ere liatit„" 16s. 6d. „ 13 Triurnphet ors 225. 64. ~ Pla,„"ua 16s. 6ci. , 14 Valdines Vs. 6d. ~ 'hi -ieurs are supplied in Boxes of 25 at i price per 100. ValeulPhetors 50 2 .. .. I._ i . 1111 are supplied a; Boxes of 2.7 and s'u at i Alice* price 'New per 100. utikit ,quotations on the above Cigars in quantities of 500. `c ssa,„,P'es of any of the above will be forwarded on receipt of wipe. Ittl‘r TERMS ; C ‘l3ll WITH ORDER. sOn 71bs. and upwards is Free to any address in the 17:044 tngdorn, exeept on Teas e _No.d lewoe 1. Tins free. and 2. The same illtesiDieg arFe resnea. oUnoffaeepsilicaatilodnB..an i Chests (501b5.), full Ibs.), are subject to 5 per cent discount. x

\--, ,totnpptng Aottres. 41LY RAILINGS BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND Ttht LLANDUDNO. SPLENDID SALOON PASSENGER STEAMER h fe Q It ONOWDON" 1341 Ski et ~..,I (weather and circumstan ,es permitting), EVERY ,' "tween above places from APRIL 91..11 to MAY 15th, ,tth ip, inclusive. i‘if Liverpool 11 a.m. Returning Llandudno 4.30 p.m. itAAiandudno 1.30p.m. Arriving Liverpool 7 p.m. aN TICKETS sVAILABLE FOR WHOLE OF ABOVE PERIOD. SvinIEIVERY SUNDAY until end of SEPTEMBER. iii°l's.lYourlng April at, 11 p.m. . Loarvli.nlag at 011 ndud. no and back as kl'itklao tuldaMhefntael:S May sth. 10..211. for arriving back about 7.30 p.m. FARES. tiv let Class 2nd Clam tiverpeol Si,,gle Return Single ll,,3tBttr. n 144:0001 and Llandudno 43:. 54.5..6d6d.. 2,.6218.. 41. 44,4 Tie'rckectlalienl tTaEtV6ERY SUNDAY. Thirty Shillings. ett,,,,_ avm a e Ls 40NS, DINNERS, TEAS. No.. of Best Quality at Mod-rate Charges. -4z,„furtber particulars' apply to W. H. DODD, Snowdon -11 Ar 8.5.00., Limited. 31, Tower Buildings. Liverpool - , WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via •vittb. Queenstown. BYBEE WEDNESDAY. (4,-49131C Wm.. may 6 I BRITANNIC Wed.. May 13. Sett;,7,4oi corned on Passenoer Meankert. 4. 114" ; (-Albin will be carried on tile voyage marxed thus", 11411 to IR PI: gaffe at low rat;sl;iiianderkikpg Ooruttit ltfrimeeerofe 444.nt0 eta IgYAo;k .1)1E0 3th,n;,nd Co., 3t,:, Lteadenhall-street, end 10, Water-street. Liverpool. litlns, . --LELATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: p“,. II \ JOHN WALKER AND CO., . i •,, ~,,,\1... "EXAMINER • OFFICE, WARRINGTON. tiliz,z4 AGENTS FOR tt:43,D LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- sth,„:. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. Tir ING EMIGRANTS to NEW, YORK, BO& OttipILADELPHIA. SAN FRANGISCO, CANADA, olssui 41-. JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, 'lt, 4 take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at 1'414 EXAMINER" OFFICE, liv ki WA RRINGTON. the above-mentioned or any other lines. kb.t JOHN WALKER AND VD. AGENT LAIDE, MELBOURNE anci SYDNEY kt*l4;l tit STRA.ramts from LIVERPOOL. ~_ YoCAN LINE—SOUTIIAMPTON to NEW itllttw Itildirect every SATURDAY, and LIVEREOOI and PHILADELPHIA. every WED- Lo --_ Iti VRPES PROM LS. PER 11000. 44INER " WORKS, BEWSZY STREET

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS. CRANE AND SONS, 217 TO 226, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PTANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sons' easy Ti two. or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Se.otland-road, Liyernool.

OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned farm kir hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new ones. Great sale —Grande and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to ,ny part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool. DURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est bou.e in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Csllard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road. Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—OßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

USIC.-50,000 COPIES AT ld. E CH. Lists I\lpost free, from CRANE and SONS. Great Music Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

ipII¢UPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. it T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

TWICE OF REMOVAL—A. W. PAU L, Outfitter, has removed to the Central Premises. 3 SANKBY-STREET, two doors from Market Gate.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. &c. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Liamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, R ENSII AW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

IS. 1.1 -WHITE SHIRTS RE-FITTED, with D. four fold linen Frents, Cuffs, and Neck Band. at the STAR HOSIERY, and SHIRT MANUFACTURS, 78, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LITkRPOOL. Country parcels promptly attended to.

ESTABLiSHED URS, FURS. • 1882. SEALSKIN JACKETS RE-DYED 63. 6d., best workman- ship guannteed. Also all kinds of Furs altered to the present fashion; Sealskin Jackets re-modelled for £2 25., including high sleeves, sterm collar, Fce. Furs cleaned and skins dressed at half the price charged elsewhere. Skins wounted into Rugs. Country orders punctually attended to. Call or write to A. BERKWITH, PRACTICAL FURRIER, 45, GREAT GEORGE-SrREET (near top of BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL, and 5, ST. JAMES' PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Work done for the trade at speaial prices.

QCRIERWATER AND LLOYD V SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED RETAIL AGENTS 70 It THE WALTHAM WA! CM COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BESr Ti MEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance 2l 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE PERFECT BRUSH COMPANY, LIMITED. 106, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. WHOLESALE, RETAIL, AND EXPORT BRUSHMAXERS.

LADIES' DRESS BASKETS. GOOD MARE from 20s. LADIES' VISITING PORTMANTEAUS, BONNET CASES, GLADSTONE BAGS. Ac., At NORMAN'S Trunk Manufactory, ROSCOE ARCADE. top of BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In great variety. SPECIAL GRAND SIIOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW'S, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

PAPER HANGINGS. Established 1875. 300,000 PIECES of PAPER HANGINGS, to be CLEARED OUT below Makers' Prices,suitable for all classes of Property, From Mansion to Cottage. BORDERS Half Price. R. HOPE, 142 AND 144. LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. VOPPOSIte OWEN Owices). Business Hours. 7.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturdays. 7.30 am. to 2 p.m. Patterns sent on application.

HENRY WHITTY. 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL LAWN TENNIS. CRICKET. GOLF. BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY. LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG, 6e. 6n. Agent for T. H. Ayres' High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis. NOTICE OF REMOVAL. JOHN YATES, TAILOR AND CLOTHIER, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED to 35, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Where the BUSINESS will be carried on as usual. A CHOICE SELECTION OF SEASONABLE NOVELTIES ALWAYS ON HAND 4

THE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered oy the Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It is maical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two bAtles of NINE OILS immediately, it is a wonderful remedy.—Every Bicyclist, Footbliier, A thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by J. WoowEND, Chemist, 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles Is lfd and 2s 9d. free by post is lii anti 2s. Agent in Warring- ton. Mr. Yount, Chemist, Warrington.

BUILDING TRADES' AND HOME COMFORTS EXHIBITION. ST. JAMES. HALL. MANCHESTER. APRIL 20TH TO MAY 9rTr. 20TH APRIL TO THE 15TH, BAND OF THE GRENADIER GUARDS. ARTS AND CRAFTS IN ACTUAL OPERATION. 27TH Arm To bin MAY. BAND OF H.M. SCOTS GUARDS with PIPERS and DANCERS. ERITISH ARMY QUADRILLES, TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. Illuminated Fairy Fountain. 4TH MAY TO 97. n, BAND OF THE ROYAL MARINE LIGHT INFANTRY. Poltamouth Division. ADMISSION :- 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. is. After 6 p.m. on Mondays and Wednesdays, ed. ALBERT P. BAKER, General Manager.

FISH CHEAPER THAN EVER! GAME AND POULTRY FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIAISBY FISH SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE NOW r kJPEN EVERY DAY With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 91). each. CHICKENS, from is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 71). per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FFH SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. ORDERS DELIVERED IN ToveN Aza.) DISTRICT. NOTE THE ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1879. CHARLES COTTON, SCOTLAND-ROAD (MOTTRAM'S YARD), WARRINGTON. TURNING, FITTING, SCREWCUT riNG, PUNCHING, DRILLING, SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Forging!), Bco. HORSES CAREFULLY SHOD. Estimates Supplied Free.

16, 18 & 20 S _ANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT ON TUESDAY, MAY 5Tlr, AND FOLLOWING DAYS, WE SHALL MAKE A SPECIAL SUMMER SHOW OF ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN TRIMMED MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES, DRESS MATERIALS, SILLS FOR BLOUSES, &c., FOR THE PRESENT SEASON. J. AND W. DUTTON.

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.—ROW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 104. 6d- HAIR COMBINGS I per oz. I IMMOVABLE 1 fr"a MADE UP, f 2.. SC ALPETTES, J, 21s. SEALES BROWN, 3, LEECH- TREET, (top of Bold-street). LIVERPOOL. ----- MO THE NEW-LT MARRIED and Parties Furnishing. _1 Sales by Auction every Monday and Tuesday at GRICE'S AUCTION ROOMS, 55, WHITECHAPEL.LpTaRte- TPUOROBL aatnaTwotohoe'rcloenoktleoefrioainci ic eazletilen.t removed dentrot omf FURNl- residences and other sources. On view each morning of sale at the Rooms. Established 65 years.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND RBPAIRER (Pupil of (1. A. Mena). Strings, Bows, Cases, do.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC RETAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 57„RENSR 'if-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 22e. Si A.TERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 6d. 39 AND 41 DALE 1 1 STREET, 121 LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

kjIGARS. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to deal direct with MA.NUFACTUREES and to call upon or write to WILSON HIGGIN AND COMPANY, CIGAR MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS, 38, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telegrams :—" Senoritas." Liverpool. Branch Office, 84, PORTLAND-ST., MANCHESTER.

ESTABLISHED 1828. Wm. H. & G. H. DREAPER 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS ERARD BY STEINWEG COLLARD & COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, bORD, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RInKS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 7s. PER MONIH. CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS. 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6457. Telegrams "Apollo."

MAWSON & CO. STANDARD TAILORS. NEW WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SPECIALITIES from the Leading Irish Manufacturers. PRICES MODERATE. NO READY MADES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES TO ORDER. UMBRELLAS, Ac. 35, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. MOURNING ORDERS EXECUTED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. • CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET • REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., DELIVERED IN BAGS. CARRIAGE PAID. IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT £3 PER TON Special price over 100 miles. SUPPLY sctly limited. ORDERS should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALUSON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester; Or to J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester; 311:T D ALDRED. Stamford Road. Altrincham.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOBS ia now being offered by rr 1 I • 4. /LAMM, " EXAMINER " OFFICE. NARLBSTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 4e. in the Pound,

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOT&

A. CLARE, B.NUTSPORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING, AND ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLAIMS OP MACHINERY, Bcc., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. RASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE, BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK.

J. GRANT, WHOLESALE CABINET, FURNITURE, AND • DOMESTIC WOOD GOODS MANUFACTURER, &c.. SHOP, OPFIOE AND WAREHOUSE &e. FITTER, JSINER, PACKING-CASE, BOX AND BOARD MANUFACTURER, LYTHGOE'S LANE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF MANUFACTURE/. TABLES—Dining, Square, Round, Kitchen, Snap, Occasional, Ac., IDBBOARDS, Drawers, Chests, Dressers (open or ciostd). TOILETS (open or closed), Bookcases, Cupboards, Shelv es Over-mantles, Mantle She)ves, Warolrobes. BOXES—Soap, H Isernaid, Clothes, Ice, Provision, Flour Knife, Salt. &c. BOARDS—Standing, Btking, Paste, Cutting, Pecking, Lc. Stags, Ottomans, Commodes, Cradles, Clothes Horses and Rails, Towel Rollers, Window Rollers and Rods, Boiler Lids, Children's Chairs, Hat and Coat Rails, Clothes Props, Window and Step Ladders, Ac. NOTE THE ADDRESS.

Cburation.

vDUCATION, at Uxbridge Grammar School. Healthy ‘.4 home from home. Commercial,Educational, mod Classical Departments.

riIHE MISSES RIMMIIIt Sen. Cert. 23. Wilson Patten-street.—Sehool will EH-OPEN (DV.) MAY 6Tn. Fees, Testimonials, Passes of Pupils, etc., on applica- tion.

TRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE.—HEADMASTRR 1_ Mr. J. P. HUGHES. The College built for scholastc purposes is replete with modern apolianzes ; gymnasium. swimming bath, cricket and football fields. Thorough train- ing for Professional and Mercantile purposes. Special atten- tion to backward and delicate buys. Good Table. RESULTS for 1895.—j Matriculation London University Ist Division ; 1 London Collegs of Music Senior Division honors; 6 Csrnbridge Local, 3 honors, 3 distinctions ; Ist in German, 4th in Religious Knowledge; 12 in French in all Yorkshire ; 8 Preliminary Camtkidge 1 Distinction ; Cricket 14 won, 11 lost, 2 drawn ; Football Association. 17 won, 7 lost, 6 drawn. Next Term. l',egins Mily 4th, 1896.

Jlotels, 3473r00l etc. LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COXFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. QOUTHPORT.—i UNNYSI DE iIYD:tO Phys., Dr. BAR NAROO. Summer and Winter Residenae. one of th handsomest buil Ba(s, centrally situated, replete with ever comfort, sane sea view, near park, pier, trams. aid golf links Tutkish, Vapour. a.. 1,1 oth ir Baths. 11153 s s4e. Galvanis Summer Terms tr 75. ps- d —l. 13 )') C. Prapr let 0r-

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINE IN SOUTHPORT AT HAYES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIRE RAILWAY CO.'s STATION. 38, CHAPEL!.. STREET. SOUTHPORT. ESTABLISHED 1869.

BLACK POOL.—Mrs. Hio.soig,from Helm shore; Privet e and Public Apartments. 162, Lytham-road, South Shore, sea vittw ; piano. ALL Wantir,g APARTMENTS. permanent or otherwit4e, should communicate with the IMPERIAL AGENCY, 7u, Hoghton-street, Southport.

BLACKPOOL.- Mrs. 11. SEANc. 111, Hornby-road, three minutes from Central Station. Comfortable Apart- ments ; terms moderate.

RAMSEY. ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville. first-class Boarding Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts, golf. &c. Table d' Rote 7. Tariff.

SOUTllPORT,—Comforable APARTMENTS close to Promenade; terms moderate.—Mrs. BARNTON (late Mrs. Lomax), 16. School-street. LLANDUDNO.—Superic; APARTMENTS facing sea, centre of bay ; excAlent co 'lcily ; every home comfort. —Reply stamp, PENDENuis,lEast Parade. BLACKPOO4L.—Comfortable APARTMENTS.—Mrs. WIL- SON'S, Portfield, 19 Waterloo-avenue, South Shore. Board if required ; one minute walk from the sea. I ARE DlTRlCT.—Furnished HOUSE To Let; two sit- ting-raoms and seven bedrooms.—Apply Miss THREL- KELD, The Orange, near Keswick, Cumberland.

LISTS of APARTMENTS on Lancashire Coast, North Wales, Isle of Man, Yorkshire Coast, &c., to be had free from Pumasuma Orvicits, Ba, Lord-st., Liverpool.

BUNDOICAN, County Donegal, Tyrone Lodge, furnished APARTHRNTS, large. airy, overlooking sea, sanitary certificate. Donegal hand-made tweeds, is. Ba. free.—A. W. BERRY. x

EASTBOURNB.—Board and residence, in a large detached house, one minute from sea ; large garden, stables. and tennis lawn; private sitt ng-rooms by arrangement., and good bedrooms on ground floor; no steps.—Apply Mrs. SARGENT, Brunswick House Bastbnurne.

SPICCIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS, ORGANS, AT J. PARRY'S. 20, DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a.; any price. Several square pianos 51, octaves, from £1 53. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Brinemead 7 10 1-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard a Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ, in oak case, cost £25 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. .Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvements by Erard. Kirkman, Collard, Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton. Hopkinson. Rud Ibach. Newmeyer,Weber.

H. EZARD, BUILDBIL AND CONTRACTOR. FBARNHRAD, WARRINGTON. Rstiniates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Rouses built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing punctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

RICHARD BRETHERION JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, BT. JAMBS'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIMB BEEP, MUTTON. LAMB. VRA.L. PORK, Ac.. Always on hand, from 50. to Bid. per lb. ALL OUDIIRS PROMPTLY ATTRNDRD TO, and delivered when required.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. 4LLSOPFB MILD AND BITTBR ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHBATLBY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGL')-BAI7 RIAN AM, BR ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER

IMPORTANT TO VAIL.,. ERS, UARDENEttS • J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE "SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET. Slaughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. Offers for sale a large quantity of BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN PINE POWDERY CONDITION, Highly recommended for Roots and Grass. Best prioes paid for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, ao, and removed any reasonable diatAnces. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

WHY COMPLAIN OF YOUR FEET? WHY SUFFER NEEDLESS PAIN? • PEDESIUM PEDESIUM PEDESIUM ! E latest, best and surest PREVENTIVE of CORNS, CURING SORE AND PERSPIRING PEET. Walking, standing, running. cycliug. becomes a pleasure, it being impossible for the fe et to chafe or became over- heated. BEWARE OF SUBSTITUTES. Sold in Boxes, 6d., and is. (poet free). Agent for Warrington : J. RYMER YOUNG, 40, Sankey-street, or send discount to A, HAMILTON. 23. Waterside, North Lincoln.

SENT ON APPROVAL. THE PATENT POCKET MONOPRESSE. A startling and useful Artistic Novelty. No more Die-Sinking. Emboss Your own Notepaper, Ao. NO MESS. NO INK. Any Monogram of Two Letters, and any Initial Kept in Stock. Post Free. Monogram of Two Letters. I3d. ; one Letter,lod.—Apply CHAILLES hOMPLER, 7, NEW BASINGHALL-ST., AGENTS WANTED.

ACCIDENTS TO LIPE AND LIMB. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. MITRED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPITAL £1,000,000. COMPENSATION PAID £3.603,000, 64, CORNHILL . LONDON. A. WAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H•RIG EY, Central Station St. Helene Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-etreet Knuteford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Bandbach Mr. U. FINLOW.Rookery Briciße

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrangTEETH All consultations free, TEETH. Eachl patient for wnform: required.dbeorehand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extractlijoir as hrous itherto by the aid of e. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of th late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST ET Haim.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-BTREET, .EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES. WARAINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Lateet Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from, Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., :LIMITED.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES. JOHN SARGENT, FAMILY BUTCHER, BEGS TO ANNOUNCE that he has OPENED the Premises, 10. ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Prime English BEEF, MUTTON. LAMB, PORK, &e., are only kept at LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. A TRIAL RESPECTFULLY SOLICITED. AU Orders PROMPTLY ATTEND EX TO and Delivered if Required. Note the Address 10, ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS 00„TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT.. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED • NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVHD FROM ls., Is. 2d.1 is. 41., is. 6d., Is. Bd., AND 28. PRU LB. MLOHLLENT QUALITY. Vllll CHESHIRE !SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGH FOOT. WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDE LION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister bd., 10d., and is. Ed. each. Wholesale by J. GRDDRS AND SON. WARRINGTON

"BD ACING TIPS seldom pay. try Monte Carlo System a _IL safe income from small investments. Particulars six stamps.—" Sport." 19. Wormgate. Boston.

RACING Gentlemen who require reliable information please write IRVINE CARR, Wibsey, Bradford, Yorks. Phenomenal success. Weekly wires 45., any special day ls. A trial will convince you. Send carly for these gems. Over- night letters-2.i. 6d per week.

T. G. PATIIRSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, THE TURF IIIiGISTRR, Published twi^e daily. Post free. Telegraphic A4dreaaes: PATBRSON. Flushing; BUMPTIOUS, London.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. LONGFORD-STREET. wArdaNGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ',IRBOTORS, FURNACB CONSTRUC volts. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WOBK RSTIMATED FOR.

ESTABLISHED 1858. CIIARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWIr2K-STREET, WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSOILTMENT OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

J. FAMILY BUTCHER, 59, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEF, , MUTTON, VEAL AN FORK AT MODERATE PRICES, All or.lois promptly attended to and delivered when required

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 28, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, B:c., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNT'S.

• CYCLES for Ladies and Gentle . men 30 per cent saved. 1101 terms. 1893 Liss of new and Second hand Cycles, post free. MAMINES,:S,ENT,CARRIAGE PAID THE BRITISH CYCLI3 XNUFACTURING CO. ' 45, Evertun Roa,l, Ll‘erpool.

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING.; THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND (1 ULOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET 'STREET. WARRINGTON. fJAVE NOW READY for the inspection of their numerous Customers, a larger collection than ever of NEW - ..I.IIEW SPRING GOODS. NOTWITHSTANDING THIS GREAT ADVANCE IN PRICE OF WOOL (FULLY 10 PER CENT.) THE M.C.D. HAVE BEEN ABLE TO PLACE LARGE CONTRACT ORDERS AT OLD PRICES. This advantage being offered to all purchasers, A SAVING OF 10 PER CENT. May be effected by entrusting orders for CLOTHING, EARLY with the M.C.D. THE M.C.D. will forward, on receipt of Post Card, their LATEST PATTERN BOOK, CONTAINING OVER 400 NEW SAMPLES FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. ONE OF THEIR AsSISTANTs WILL ALSO ATTEND FOR THE PURPOSE OF MijASURING AND TO TAKE ORDERS FOR ANY CLASS OF GARMENT RI. QUILLED. ALL CLOTHES ARE THOROUGHLY srorNic GARMENTS WELL MADE AND TRIMMED:'' PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE, GOODS MADE TO ORDER At the following prices, CANNOT_BE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTER OE LIVERPOOL. tdII tt tt I 1""n31

CSZ g•-• 1 I eNLY THE BESI CUTTERS AND Wog-- • EMPLOYED. THE M.O.D. CORDIALLY ItiViTE AN INSPECTION OF Alit, THEIR DEPARTMENTS. 8 & 10, HORsEaARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

HARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S _BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 122, BRIDGE STIO 122, BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STEW' END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is a Bona-fide CLEARANCE SALE of about Class Bassinetts, now offered under cost price to °lea • COME EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

LIKE A NEW MAN. Painfully Afflicted With Eczema on the Face HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Purified the Blood and Effected a Cure. " Minting. Horncastle. V.I. Hood & Co., 34. Snow Hill, London. KO. : " Dear Sirs ,--lit is with nleasure that I give my testimony on behalf of Herat's Sarsaparilla. For three vesrs I have suffered with eczema on my flee At times it was a solid MASS of sores and the flesh around my eves became badly swollen every few days. I had to stay away from my work and COULD NOT SLEEP soundly at, night. My food did not seem to do me any good, and I felt weak and languid and without ambition. I put myself on the club and was doctored for a long tim without benefit.. I then went to a druggist, but his treatment did not do me any good. I felt VERY MUCH RUN DOWN and was disheartened I thought I could not he cured. whon I heard of Hood's Sarsaparilla and began taking it. The first bottle did me good. The sores on my farts: began to heal. Soon I ()fluid sleep better and enjoyed my food. I have taken three bottles and FEEL TAKE A NEW MAN. I shall continue taking Hood's Sarsaparilla as T am sure it is a perfect blond purifier and it has done more for me than anything I have taken ; in fact. I have not lost a day's work since I began taking Hood's Sarsaparilla.' JOSEPH FRITH. HAS GAINED STRENGTH. "I am hapy to say my wife has gained strength and tided over the severe winter by the help of Hood's Sarsaparilla." O. 11. COPPEri, 30, Edon Place, Leeds. lam pleased to say that I have found Hood's Sar- saparilla to be all th.it you claim for it." E. EDWARDS Enniskillen, Ireland. 1100 D'S SARSAPARILLA Is sold by chemists. Friel 2s. 91., and 4s. P.d. Or can he obtained by post by sending price in stamps or postal order to C. I. Hood Sz Co. 34, Snow HUI, London, E.C.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JE WEL LER, AND SILVERSM.ITH 59, aro 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Malaria WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CDOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- %MUMMIES of every oDeaTiption. current Market Price fer old Gold and Silver. ,1 LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. 'CIIATWOODS FIRE b.ND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

FOR WHITSUNTIDE SALE. Men's COATiS from Is. each. Men's TROUSERS from Is.t6d. pair. Men's .VESTS from &Leach. Youths' SUITS from ss. .6d. each. 19loyeliNI0K4R. SUITS from is. 11d. each. ~ ODD VESTS from 6d. each Men?s SHIRTS fr+ m is. 3d. Men's ALL WOOL SINGLETS from is. 13(1. Men's 'DRAWERS from is. 9d. Great BARGAINS in DRESS PIECES. Call and-see before yottbsay elsewhere. Miir of Enclosed Walnut DRESS- +ENG TABLES, the • cheapest Payments taken. and 'best Tables in town for the money ; call and in-spect then before 23 NS. goinrelsewhere. A bargain for

UET forfeited a very handsome -Marble TISIHPIECH -with bromes mounts and beautifully Payments taken. embossed in gold, goes eight days. correct time-keeper. •in excellent •condition. cost date owner dive £2 12S. -6D. guineas ; our. pries Call and see it.

AGood sound Kitchen CHAIR best %value in town, •we idefy Payments taken. carripetition_at .2s hid. half4er,,n hist6d. Nursing Chair 43 Ild, Child's Recker S. 9D. 2 Give us a 'trial. A apecial Bargain. Unredeemed ,pledge, &grand Silver ',Wilk Payments taken. WAIICH by Russell, Liverpool A .relirtbloarticlei in good going order ; 303. cost late owner £3 10s, our, pica

!METE are Offering some • special 1,4 ,Bargainsin OVERMAN iiLES Paymentatsken. in -various styles, , rAnging from '166 Elduriviards. Call and se them.

QAIMBN NETTING.--100 square yards. 2s. 6d...carriage 4 ;cricket or Tennis net. Is 6d., carriage Es.—E. A. NOLITHEY, Auctioneer, Plymouth.

rllO CLBEGYMEN ONLY.—A.ny clergyman who lc going LL to:have a bazaar limy recei‘e help by applying to Lnd)RAOOK. Ihoseley Shropshire. 1/TARRIED LELDY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe a great 11.1. importance to Ladies. Stamped address fur parti- eulacu. Mrs, E. WILSON. Elder Grove. Sheffield.

C-2E11(4E-JACKETS. 4s. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers. 65.6 d.; 1.7 Ptinted Mole Trousers, look like cloth, be. 6d.—.ll.soun AND .00.. LimitAsd.. 65. Byrom-street. Liverpool.

PlLBs.—Boddy's Patent Ointruent•eures all outward Piles in tag° or . three •days ; post tree, with testimonials 2e..; only one trial solicited.—W. BODDY, Bradford, 'Yorks.

EJISTERN ASTROLOGY.—Marriage, Business, Prospects, and Partner . described,• with position, correct,' birth- time, at= ;13 stamps. Prof. BLIACEMORE, Swinton, Rother- ham.

• sToozin S viL hY theW ,NfeurpmtATßybe.tpASTixEN PTctaLoeosA, MANURE.—NORMANBY IRONWOEKI3 CO., LIMITED, Middles- borough.

UISH ,all the year round. Packages 28., 2s. 6d. upwards 1 Orders carriage, paid and cleaned for cookipg.—Address In full, MANAGEI3, star Fish Supply Co., Fish Docks, Grimsby.

INDIA.N ,BUTTBRFLIES and MOTHS for collections or decorative purposes ; ex, lanatory and descriptive cat.): iogue 20,—EBNEsT SWInfoE, lintomologist, Avenue House, Oxford.

S PLENDID Assortment of New Season's rAteins tor our Celebrate,d• 10e. M. (to inea.ure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully goodwalue,—RA.GUE AND Co., Limited, c 5, Byrom-et. Liverpool.

ABTHENWARE and CH 1 NA.—Seconds, £2 crates; 121 beet, ;or will tend 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton, Staffordshire.

- -VOR 4 slAisiPs.we send one pair .Folaing Scissors and A 2 one Patent Penknife. both Sheffield steel guar.afteed. bseful present,togetherwith Amusing llovelty Catalogue- VARILTY CO.,Dit.oll, LOAldan. X

USTABLISHED 1875---7AsBorted Crates ,Seconds Earthen- ..CA ware and China, 50s..and upwards. rices on appli- cuatoi. -W. Otionka,and Co., Aystiford-street Works. off Clayton-st • Longton. btalcrdshire.

1,0 N LOW/C.lllre and Thiet-proot RAPR MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, 'Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester. lIoMI W simple work, per parcels post; El weekly easily earnee ; (Arsons rtcp4ed everywhere. patterns and instruction book ti btamps ; many ,dvertisements naislead, this is genuine.—WlLßY, baviletown, Dewsbury. at

LtALLY'S Roup anxi Condition Pills for Poultry, Pigeons, 1) and Pheasantahave been In use all over the world tor over fifty years, still the best in the man.et. In boxes Is., 25., 45., post ,free.— 114ths* and Sox, Ll 6 Mouut-st., Londyn, W.

ULH)iI FIII I I FIHR.! I Sleninue BALI of extensive 1. 6tock 01 Piano, Organs, i., previous to re-buitutug ot premises, owing to the recent tire ; ea4ieBt terms arraugect to effent a cleArance.—LPAY2CE”l4,l3, Approach-watt. CAmortuge Heath.

LILES seeking a REAL REMEDY should try .BOYLE'S TUNIC MIXIURF,. it is s...pertect system of genuine treatmeral and never tails. Staid stamped and ddr. stied envelope for particulars to G. BOXLE, 43, Brook Green, Louchm, W. IHMINGHAM GOODb.—Watelies, Clocks, Jewellery. Plate, Cutlery. Guns, _Bronzes, Musical Bozo, bport Prizes. bares, Cycles. Ditatertais, Tools, General Goods. Wholesale lists ,iree.—Y..B....POTISJJ., 4. lidgeasto.u.-street. Birmingham.

ALEX. ROSS' HAIR pIiSTROYER removes superfluous heir _from the face, am a stud. hands. It gives no sujury. Ilke cost is 48 stamps aud keen l)e had of ali chemiste..-02, 'liEopeLD7e:RoAD, Holborn...Loudon. Letters repued Lova:Len stamped eavelopes are sent.

rilo LEASIGHOLDERS, Re.versioners, Life Tenants. Leaseholds made equal to Freeholds. Mortgages effected. Horse Cattle, .and Vehicle Insurance —TEE LEASEHOLD AND HEVERSIONAW INTEREST Soccr-trx, MOII,23AGE AND INETH- Aticg BRogFHE. 20. Cheapside, London. B.C.

W,EIY BUY ALBCTRIC BELLS WHEN °DRY'S Patent (continuos ringing) BELL 6s. 6d. . is-cheaper and more tffective ; hundreds hi can be fixed in five minutes, never out of order ; sent .carriage tree, So. 6d.—F. hosmrs, 48, Finsbury Circus.. 'London.

AN HONEST .MLIDICINE. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS FOR FEMALES. The Most Effectual on Earth. Nr-tbing c4u resist them. 41, is. Id., 2s.Qd.. 45. 6d , sent free irom,observation by Dr. (DAVIS, 309, Portobello Road, London, W.; or orcter of any themiat. Mr. ~D AVIS'S little bcok 'for MARRIED WOMEN, most invalluable, sent free on s.eceiptof a stamped addressed envelope.

AINES.—A Message for You In all cases of Uregularities and Wsitructione, however obstinate and Long standing, try the taIRACULOUS and never-failing Remedy, known all over-the world as DASMAWS SPECI- FIC. Ilaousaads of tes4timexials testifying to the Wonderful Cases that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST PIAVERFUL MEDICI E. A Lady w-ites ' Your Medicine Is truly wonderful. My case was a tearfully obsti- nate one.'' Most reliable intarmation and copies of -testi- monials (Which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of _R100) upon ;receipt of stam-,,,ecteavelope to A. DA.SMAILJ76, Langdale, Wathamstow. istabgehed nearly 50 years. çt SORE EYES SKIN DMEASES BAD LEGS I VVESLEY'S ‘OINTMENT :is warranted to cure Bad Legs, t3ad Breasts. Mears, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore Eyes, and .a.. 0 Skin Diseases, ceasing' the skin to become:beautifully clear and healthy. Get .a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases Lave- been cured when the4octors have fah 4. Sent post free tor atamps, from HOLDROYD'S D:t0O STORES, Clads- heatQn , Yorks. GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. A 1..1.4DY, the daughter cf.a late eminent physician, will be 1 CIL pleased to forward tut particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of h-1 Certain Cure for all forms cf Irregulazities, no matter haw caused or how long standing The Iten..e- ,dy causes no Pain, Yausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by pnpointment. Name this aper

'ELVET PILE SQUARE (bordered), from same house, V and will match the above suite, size 3by 4 ; only 50s. ; quiteelean and fresh ; cost recently £3 10s. MELLOR, pawn- broker, 210, Park-road, Toateth Park, Liverpool.

1111CDROOM SIIITB, 8 pieces in Solid Satin Walnut, equal .13 to new, fine roomy Wardrobe. with bevelled robing glass door, deep drawer under, very handsome pair o Toilet frables with bevelled silvered glas,, 3 large drawers and 2 small drawers, marble slab and double inleid back, 3 hairs, pedestal and towel ra;l. Wonderful value. only £8 -worth 13 guineas.—MELLOß, Pawkbroker, klO, Park-road, Liverpool,

BOCK CASE, olid American Walnut, Bft. high and 31t.. 6in. wide, upper portion with lensed doors and move- able shelves, nnel,r portion forming sideb, ard with 2 drawers and 2 cupboards. with carved nanel fronts, gol i locks and glass handles. Very chesp,,only £6 10s., 'worth 1,0 guineas.— Pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool,

EXCELLRNT CIGARS, Ss. Sd.; samples 6 a is. free. 5 O —ANDREWS. 66, Lofthouse Place, Leeds. a ILIARMS, RSTATBS. RESIDENCES; Rents 'from ss. acre, 12 prices from £6 acre, Rutter's Monthly List past free 2d. 5, Newbridge St.. London. x

CAN spare two sides PRIMP) BACON, home fed and.mzred. Wiltshire method, 7d. lb.—H. R. WrlzaNsox, Tyriey Castle, Market Draytor.

BAD LEGS, Eczema, Skin Irritasions-cured by using Hall's Famaus Skin Specific, csrciage p,sitl ; HALL, 32, Arthur-st., Plumstead.

MUSIC. Second h4nd, cheap lot 3 Violin, Flute, Cello, Organ. Piano Banjo, Cornet. String Band, Az., every variety.—GßEGOßY, High-et:meet, Birmingham.

2000 GARDEN PALINGS. Zip. by lin. brat. 610. ; will be pointed at one end; price 98. per 100.— R. A. Dreox, 76. Grafton-street, E. 1 Iverpool.

IDRETWORK TOOLS, cheapest anywhere, saws id. doz., 12 wood 3d. fqot, patterns id. each. frames 6d. each; list free.—SYER, Wilson-street, Finsbury, Lendon. GARDEN TENTS, 6ft. and Bft square, front awning, Be centre pole. White £1 15s 6d., striped £3:13. Send for particulars.—G SAD EN TERT'CJNIPANY,Boston. SERGES.-54in. Navy Blue and Black Suiting Serges for Gentlemen and Boys' wear and for Ladies' Costumes. Patterns rms.—ALFRED MACE, Chipping Nortm, Oxon. x ENGRAVING.—Your name or initials •on Umbrellas, Sticks, Coins, Medals, ac., 6d. Brass doer pate with name 3s. 6d. Trade supphed.—CoWEN, 5), Sir ahumas-et., Liverpool. AIR BALLOONS.—Mr. T. IluminutiEs, the well-known maker of sui,erior balloons (white and coloured) has a large stock ready at 37, Pasinghall-street, London. Price list I free. Orders sent by return.

WONDERFUL Packet 6d.. 40 games £O.. draughts, dominoes, game of authors, fox and geese. language, of flowers ; included Z 75 mottoes, •oonundrums.—W. MARSHALL, 300 Coldharbour4lane, Brixton, London.

150,000 SOLD, Lancasters celebrated photo- graphic Cameras, &c.. for Amateurs or Professionals. MANCHW3TER ACIENOY is at 71, Oxtord-street, (All Saints'). Lists free. Secondhand cameras bought or exchanged.

gio LABIBS.— Female Irregularities and obstruotlous quickly and surely cersected in a few hours by anew and simple method. which I will send free on receipt of 'tamped envelope.—Mr. C. S. Adlairtre. 20. ifishopsgate, Without. London.

rib ° BE LEASED for BUILDING PURPOSES. a PLOT o 1 LAND situated in a good position in Stockton H•eth f low ground rent.—Apply I. BOSTOCK, estate agont, Bank; street, Warrington, rimy J. D. PYKE and SON for assorteri F ,SH in small 1 parcels of 7113 23.. 101b2s. 6d., and 1.41 b 3s. M. (carriage paid). Kits of mixed Fish from 10s. stpwards.—P.O. or stamps to J. D. PYRE and Sm. Fish Docks, Grimsby.

etHINA and Earthenware DEALERS who want to make money should send at once for me of our £4 Crates containing a gene at assortment of every day sale; satisfac- tion guaranteed, and prompt delivery ; lista on application.— HARRY LATHAM, DEAN AND Co., Darlington Works,Longton, Staffs.

„QINGER'S SEWING MACHINE, very latest pettern 1..7 on stand, with dome cover, equal to new guaranteed right in every respect, all the tools complete, cost late owner £B, receipt to show : my price onay £4 158.—MELLon, pawnbroker, 210, Park road, Liverpool. Telephone No. 9925, 'MARVELLOUS Secret, health without medicine or electricity, simplicity itself, no ex,p nse whatever ; this is no humbug or quack remedy but a gen eine thysicians advice Full information Is. 7d. free (mention paper).—D. SIMPSON. 33 Ardmoulin Avenue. Belfast. TIDROTECT YOUR GARDENS.—Garden netting supplied 14-L by H. J. Gasson, at 35 square yards for Is, Is oiled and dressed, will not tot it left out in all weathers. Send any, width carriage paid on all orders over 5s Commoner netting at 50 square yards for is. Hundreds of testimonials. —Henry J. Gessort, Fishing Fleet, Rye.

VISH, FISH, FISH.—For 10s. we forward 10 stone kit of • Cod. Ling. Haddock, Rock Salmon, etc. Fresh Her- ding& 2s. 3d. per 100; Kippers and Sloa'ers Is. 6d. a box Or for P.O. 2/S or 3s. 6d. we torwatd a bass of finest selected Fish. Carriage paid.—Great Britain Fish and Oyster Supply;Co., Grimsby Dock:.

rIHINA and EARTHENWARE —Buyers are strongly ad- vised to send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; ,Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything sent as sample. Buy direct from the Pot- teries.—S. WEBB and Co.,Longton.,taffordshire Potteries. x

O IL AND GREASE. G. J. STEPHENSON and Co., Oil and Greate Works, Hull. Lard Oil, Whale Oil, Rai Oil, Raw Linsee-1 Oil. Bailed Lii,seed Oil. Refined Caton Oil, Refined Colza Oil, Best Pine Oil, Best Castor Oil, Finest StieraldOil, Best Liallip Oil. Fine Olive Oil, Black Varnish, Tallow, Ac. Beat house in England. Carriage paid all over the United Kingdom.

SLIBBRES in BANKRUPTCY.—To realise estate, 10,000 Ladies' and Gent3' Real Berlindo Wool-Worked S4peramust be sold immediately; every pair warrantel hand-sewn; solid leather soles and heels : very pretty and durable ,any size sent post free Is Ilid. ; usually sold at 4s. 6c1.; if dissatisfied money returued.—Booni & Co., General Merchants,. 41, St. Andrew's Hill, Loodon. L'XTRA strong built portable BUILDING. 16ft. long. 10ft. 12.4 wide,sPari roof, co:rugated galvauis, d iron outside (painted),lnatchbned throughout insiiie and varnishes], fitted with movable centre partition, 1 inch tongued and groovtd flooriug, shutters•fitted to three windows framed doors with fanlights .over, galvanised stove pipes and vtntilator to ditto, slateihearth, and new portable self setting small range. Price 114.—q1XIZER. Steele-road, Leytonstone, Essex.

TIMBER ON SAUL cheap.scoond-hand boards, scantlings. Jl for lensing, shedding, Ice. New timber of all kinds at lowest rates. Firewood, ad.—GRANT, ,Wholesale Furniture, Facking-case, Box Manufacturer, Lythgoes-lane, Warrington

-PDXES, Barrels. ,old timber, firewood, &e.. Wanted. 1.) GRANT, Wlsolesale Furniture Works. Lytbgees-lane, ',Warrington. (Firewood Department).

ON SALE. LARGE QUALITITIES OF SPEITTING BOXES. Apply JOSEPH MATTHEWS, Fairfield Saw Alills, Mancbeater-road. Warrington.

NERVOUS DEBILITY. A Cbrietian Gentleman wi.ll send any sufferer, on receipt of Stamped and Addressed goavelope, hib Physielan's Pre- scription. which completely eared him in one mmth. This will prevent sufferers being imposed upon and robbed by unscrupulous quacks, as any Rh krmacentical Chemist can make it up.-31:. EDWARDS, 35. South John Street. Liverpool.

_ THE MOST ,PERFECT TREATMENT IN THE WORLD. RUPTURE Specially Treated by the World- renowna. BROOKES' TREATMENT, without Pain, Danger, Operation, or Detention from Business. Immediate ,relief. One visit only necessary. Lc..ge boils, giving full .details, sent free from Mr. AUSTIN BROOKES, Hernia Specialist, 17, Sorothampton-street, High Holborn. London; Also.at Portland CretKent,Leeds; and Newcastle-on-Tyne. x

_ Trt No N.,IORE EACZEMA. GWYIKNB AND CO.'S. BEIDERMICA. The MarvellouslCure foil all Skin Gomolsints, TRY IT! TRY IT! TltY IT 1 28. 9d. easel 48. 6d. ri."bottle ; by post 3s. 2d. aud 58. Works I The Mart. Station-roal. Brixton, London, S.W. x

CILTNS. GUNS.—Two üblebreechloading Guns on Sate; high-class make., 12 bore, left barrel choked,rebounding locks, good walnut stocks, best twist barrels ; wonderful value; only £3 58. and £3 15s. ; marvellous value.--MELLoa, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool. Telenhone No. 9925.

OR Sale a CHIP POTATO Basiness.—Apply THOMAS ..L. LAWRENSON. 12, Friars Gate, o; 13, Pitt-street, oft Eewsey-road, Warrington.

lICURLING FLUID, valuable recipe for I stamps; also splndid hair restorative recipe, 7 stamps.— CARTER, 10, Fraser-mount, BUrniTantOftS, Leeds.

11 OW to 'snake polishing pa-ete, blacking, dubbin, starch glaze, hair dye. ilypape.s, washing cream. Lot is. Id. —l-11AxElt, Ravesasthorpe. Yorkshire.

VAST,BRN ASTRO! OGY.—Marriage, Business Prospects. .1.14 Pstft-ner Described ; removals, birth-tim, sax; 13 stamps.—PROFESSOR BLIKENORE, Swinton Rotherham. BHAUTIFUL hair gives healthy and graceful appearance. The Ponsorby Hair Wash used 30 37. ars by royalty and professionals, be. 61., now reduced to 3s. 9d post free. nothing in the world to equal. Promotes growth, prevents falling off. Restores natural youth still colour. Worth its weight in gold. Stamps or P.O.—Pomo:sin', 25, Lime-et.. Liverpool. rrEINTS I TINTS I I—Suitable for Gardens, Crieket, or Camping-out porguses. 40 feet in circumference, pegs. poise, matltt, and lines complete (with tent bag included). These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government, and originally cost over £6 each. I will'. send one complete for 30s. Can be sent on approval. N.B. —I have a quantity of tents from 15s to 25s each, but the tents which please my customers are those I send out at 30s each. Carriage paid. Price list of imarquees (any size) post free.—HENRY JOHN GAMON, Government Contractor. Rye, Suosex.

MICR SALE. cheap, must clear to make room for the machinery, a horizontal boring MACHINE, bore up to Cin. by 48. 8 H. P. Horizoriti4 Steam Engine, god as new, with or without boiler. Small planing ,aachine.— GENTLE, Engineer. St. Albans.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORE.S, LIMITED (late Ormerod 13 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

I 1 00 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers, Engines, Steam Hammers, tt.c., now ready. Apply. txoTT Bees., Halifax. Patent Duplex High Speed Gas Engines, effect saving of from 15 to 25 per cent, gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant.

FATIstiT OFFIL; mANUtilibTliii, EINTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have hawl more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the -,otton, woollen, and iron manufactstres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS. BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. particulars on application.

iftontp.

rimy, AND BE CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at a few hours' notice from £3 upwlrds, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere. and cash broughi to the house if preferred. Letters urnmptly att-rtded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANC HESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £sco upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interett than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Geuuine alid extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OP £lO to £l,OOO, to respectable persons, on tbe Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds Repayments. ~ Delay. „ Life Polices 6d. in the £ „ Law Costs. &o. weekly,m onthly „ Publicity. or quatterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS rrques'.ed not to apply. Pull particulars from J. CAMPBELL, Esq.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mE u. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCS PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingernea, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. atONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prntnise to pay back.—Apply at VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane. any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and Metric. generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies° gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges v hatever ; st rictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua,anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- comrnodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

LOANS £3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVAT El. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. I £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £.5 „ 2/6 „ £2) 10/- „ 210 „ 5/- " £25 ~ 12/6 „ Also LOANS granted on Life Assurauce Policies, Re- versions, Freehold 4nd Leaseho'd Property, at Five per cent. interest. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH 'WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, MBRSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Sifil ply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Harlestown (private house). Hours 9 aoa. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

SIT N INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED 1710. Bum INSURED IN 1894.—£393,622,400. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers, 65. Horsemarket-street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. FL Lowe. Market Gate Chambers

Telephone : N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Ctusmbers, A.uariox Rooms—No . 1 Bank Street J Warrington AGENT TO—SUD Fire and Life Office, London, Establislfe 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass .Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

A LEX. GILMOUR, Valuer. Estate, Business, and CIL Mercantile Agent. —B, PARK-LANE, Leeds. Telephone 1645.

JONES AND ELSWORTII INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, &c., 57, WHITECHA FEL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent) on easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH ADVANCES ON •GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages Arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136. THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT AUCTIONEER AND VALE. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD ChArPRRS. SALEROOM:— J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty., CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

earriagO, iSagesmturo,

BiIIiCTIAUNEITTB PPRAMBIJLA.TOR,first-class condition, been carefully used; cost £4; price RI. IN.—FULLER, Ste.ele-road, Leytonstone, Essex.

CARRIAGE LAMPS, of every Deser:ption. Repairs Silver Plating and Japan ing.—EDWARD B NNION, 4, Audiey- street, London-road, (close to Owen Owen) Liverpool.

fl UOPEIt AND Si JIM 1,4 COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best 'Fork only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victoria/A Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

OARRIAGE LAMPS from 9s. 64. per pair; re-silver plat- ing, repairs and japanning.—W. BINNION, 37, D.tulby- at. (top of London-road), Liverpool. Established 1869.

CYCLEIS, Fittings and Sundries supplied by TURNER 8R0f4., Byrum Arcade, Huaderafield.—Write for lists, it will pay y.

GOLDEN WYANDOTTE EGGS for sitting, from splendid laying strain, 3a. 6d. dozen.—Miss MAIDMENT, Heigh- lington, Darlington. x

-DUFF Wyandotte EGGS, all imported stock. Send for my iLP illustrated Poultry Catalogue.— OWEN PHILLIPS, Kemerton, Tewkesbury.

QILVER Wyandotte Eggs and Chicks now ready, from our ki well known strains of gold and 'lava. wyandottes.— CAMBRIDGE Poultry Farm.

I;GGS from grand prize-bred Golden Wyandottes; unlimited 1-1 run ; Heath's direct ; 38. 6d., 13, I:ee.-1-1. H. WILKIN- SON, Tyrley Castle, Market Drayton.

UGGS from carefully selected prize-bred brown Leghorns ; -114 unlimited range ; 3s. 61., 13, free.—H, K. WILKINSON, Tyrley Castle, Market Drayton. _ BLACIC Orpington's EGGS, from pure-bred birds of the best laying st,ain ; 4s. sitting (packed).—W. H. WooTToN, Bickton Heath, Shrewsbury.

OUP Pre-bred BLACK MINORCAS. Sittings on Sale or k._) Order ; 4s. 6d. ; unferble replaced if returned.—W. PITT:Box, Orchard House, Shrewsbury.

NATHITH LEG HORN EGGS.—Selected layers, Cocks from Butt-rfield's, best pen for Pullet breeding, 26. 6d. thirteen.—Pooff, Clayton-le-Moors, Accrington. BLACK MINORCA EGGS, 3s. 6d. a dozen; birds on free run ; Pitts and Webster's strains ; unfertiles replaced if returned. JAMES loon, Armathwaite, Carlisle.

SIL VE R WYANDOTTE EGGS, 3e. 64. dozen, carriage paid; hens Abbott's Strain, mated with cockerel winner fo two firsts.—ls4.4.c TODD, Armatbwalte, Oarlisle. 1141GGS.—Lemon crested lavender Polands ; magnificent h A birds; splendid layers pen certain winners. 55. per 13 ; unfertiles replaced.—}l, DEWY, Barnwo9d, Gloucester. x

EGGS from Prize brid White Leghorns, 2s 6d. a sitting carriage paid,grand laying strain, average seggs per bird each week since ChrIBtmSS.—CHARLEB WILSON, Ranskid, Bawtry.

CAN spare few eggs from pen of pure bred Ho udan cock and blaPli Mhaorca hens, cross produces beet layers out, and non sitters, 2s. 6d. per sitting, RWOOD ZdAmictr.rs. Todmorden.

-MACK MINORCA EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters, Noted LP Layers and Prize Strain. also splendid Orpingtons only 2s. 6d. dozen, packed. —JOSEPH EMMETT, 304, Earle-street, Earle,town.

BROWN Leghorn EGGS, from healthy fine birds, prize strain, wonderful layers all the winter. Reduced to 2s. 6d. doz,n. Incubators supplied.—F. FIRKINS, Leigh, Worcester.

EGCS for Bitting, White Leghorn, Black Minorca, Cross Laying strains 3s. for 13 ; unfertile replaced; hen deserts half price; buyers risk 28.—HomoN, Phillips-lane, Formby.

EGGS for Sitting.—Pure Blask Minorca'. 2s. per sitting ; ditto Silver Wyandottes. 25.; ditto Golden Wyandc.ttes 3s. ; ditto Indian Game, ss. ; from birds weighing 101bs each. —H. JourisoN, Alford. •

PURB Plymouth Rock BGGS ; my well-known strain, selected massive well-barred birds ; none finer in Eng- land ; 31 Bitting; tour sittings 10s., with certificate.—Miss DAVIES, Charlton Horethorne, Sherborne, Dorset.

13LACK Minorca Bags for sale, from Cook's, Messrs. Hol- gate and Nor cliffe's champion prize strains, splendid birds, inspection invited, unfertiles rep.aced, 3s. 6d. per dozen.—GORNALL, farmer, Wyke, near Bradford, Yorks. x

PRIZB HAMBURGS. —W. Glossop. Vice President Ham burgh Club and Member Poultry Club, hiving finished setting will su: ply fresh eggs from all his prize stock at 5a per dozen, each variety, gold and silver spangled or pencilled, and bIack.—HAMBURGH Poultry Yard, Amber- gate, Derby. EGGS barred Plymouth rocks, No. 1 pens, '94 cock, winner several prizes, and sire of first and special Gloucester, and cockerel full brother to Butterfield's '95 Palace cup and first Dairy winners, hens and pullets Abbot's champion cup and medal strain direct, 58. per 13; others, 3s. per 13; un- fertite I eplaced.—Mus. BARUGII, Charleston, Bridlington. UGGS FOR SITTING from bed and prize strains of _EA Minoreas. Leghorna, Orpingtons and Plymouth Rocks- Winners In each pen. Birds carefully selected throughowt. Price 3s 6d., carriage paid 4s. First Cross 28. 6d. Untertiles rep aced if returned.-0. TURNER, Black Breok-lane, Fearn- head, Wsrrington.

VGGS, EGGS, EGGS.—From my noted strains of pure _lll bred buff-dochins. light Brahmas. Langshaus, Orping- tons, Plymouth Rocks,Leghorns. French Mundane and golden Wyandottes. Above specially bred for their laying qualities, carfully packed in 13 compartment boxes ; boxes tree.—RLl GREEDY, Poultry Farm, Wellington, Somerset. INDIAN GAME EGGS from very heavy beautifully laced birds, cock 101bs., hen 7 to 81b8. 48. Gozen ; unfertile re- placed. Indian Game Dorking EGGS, first cross, chickens hatch strong and are fast growing, 2s. 6d. dozen. White Rock EGGS, 1-irds direct from Constable's Crystal Palace winners, 4s. dozen ; unfortilo replaced. (Mention, this paper).—JAMES TS/OEXE, Ashwell, Herts.

VGGS from winners. Final reduction, Orpingtons, Lang- _l2A shans, Rocks, Minoreis, White Legborns. Gold and Silver Wy andotteLand aolden Penciled Hamburghs. 36.; best Orpingtons, Redcaps. Houdans and Buff Leghorns. 43.; Buff Rocks, 4s. 6d ; loud- n Minorcs, Houdau Orpinglons and lioudan Leghorn, 2s. Rd.—lf:tomes MensDEN, Brookhouse Poultry Farm, London-road, Blackburn. GGS EGGS ! EGGS! 11—Cup and First Prize stratn J 1.14 of Plymouth Books, black and buff Orpington, B. Cock Rion cost £l5. I ang,hans. and W. Leghorns, from winners ~t Dairy, Palace, Birmir gham, Liverpool, Aberdeen. Sandy, Worth ng, Clapham, Bagshor, Oxford. 'Ttinbidge, and all theleading shows, 6s. 6d.; selected, 85. 6.1. sitting ; unfectilc replaced ; carriage paid.—Miss GARRETT, Clarence-rod, Wallington, Surrey. A few birds for sale ; chicks from Is 6d. each. JOtiN EDMUNDSON, Crank Poultry Yard (Established 1390), thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his bhds to produce good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their eiwport. Custom. rs will confer a tavour by I soecting his Stock before buying Eggs elsewhere. Plymouth Rocks, Black Minorcas, Langbhans, Houdans, Dark Bralimas, Anda- lusians, 0!d English Game (Black Red), Brown Leghorns, White Leghorn s Golden Pencilled fi,mburgs Rul ochins, Buff Legliorns, 3s. 6d, per sitting of 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, wyandottes, Black Vtinoreas. Single-combe, Grningtons, Light Brahmas. Partridge Cochins and Indian Game, 4s. per sitting. Ail unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carri,ge paid. Yard open on ho.idays. Inspection invited. No Sunday business).

PURE LANGSHAN EGGS, Croad's strain. Zs. 64. for 13. Mr. DASHWOOD, Wansford, Northamptonshire.

P White-face Mask Spanish and Dark Brahma Et- GS ; 1 4s. dozen.—Thomes THORNLEY, Slater-lane, Leyland, near Preston.

lA' GGS (prize strains). Plymouth Rocks Orpington's Silver l'A Wydndott and Minorcas,2 6d per dozen.—J. G. POWNALL. Great Sankey.

OUP-BRED Minorca, Leghorn, Brahma or Rock Eggs, k.J packed aafety boxes, 3s. sitting. Cross bred is. 6d.— MILLBANK, Cradley, Malvern. EGGS from grand White Leghorns, Berry's strain, splendid layers. 33. doz. Eggs from the following, Cross Hottdan Plymouth Rock, 2s. 6d. doz.—B, TODD, Bishop-Eton, Waver- tree, Liverpool. BLACK-RED Game Bantams, prize strain. My birds have won fire firsts, seven seconds, thirteen thirds, tbree fourths, ,ix reserves, twenty four v.h.c., twenty-one he., five a. ; eggs 3s. per sitting.—BLmmEn, Madeley, Staffordshire.

I) B. WHITFIBLD'S High-class BLACK MINORCAS ; it. Pen includes let Derby, 2nd Ilkeston, 2nd Mid- Knglind, 3rd Cheltenham, and own sister to let and Cup, Palace. EGGS, 7s. 6d. per sittirig.—Blford, Tamworth.

EGGS from carefully selected Pure Thoroughbred Fowls. BLACK RED GAME and per dozen. GOLDEN PENCILLED HAMBURGHS, 6s. Types of beauty BROWN LEGHORNS and SILVER WYANDOTTES, 55. Handsome Birds. WHITE LEGHORNS. MINORCAS. BLACK ORPINGTONS, 45. Excellent layers. GOLDEN WYANDOTTE, SILVER DORKING, ORPINGTON AND PLYMOUTIL ROCK, with B.R. Game Cock 38. CROSSBREEDS with S.L. WYANDOTTE or B.R.C. ORPINGTON COCK, 2s. 6d. Assorted fine large Birds. All packed and Postage Paid or Allowed. Unfertile replaced. JOSEPH BROOME, Penketh, Warrington.

EGGS FOR SITTING.—Haaing re-arranged my pens and put them on new grass runs, I now offer eggs from the following breeds of Pure-bred Fowls :—Black Minorcas, Brown Leghorns. White Leghorns, Eloudans, Redcaps, Blue Andalusians, Buff Cochins. Light Brahmas, Langshans, Orpingtons, Plymouth Rocks ; all at 3s. per sitting. Also fine crosses for laying and table use (male bird mentioned first) :—White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Redcap—Buff C. chin, Houdau—lndian Game, Indian Game—Orpington, Black Minocra—Orpinot n, all at 28. 6€l. per sitting. Also splendid Rouen Ducks, at 48. per sitting. Grand Aylesburys at 3s. 61. per sitting, wonderful layers. Indian runners at 38. All Eggs safely packed in neat box and sent to any part of the wind. Note.—l will reduce all eggs 6d. per sitting to parties who come mad inspect my birds and take away their eggs.—HicratY DRAPER, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows (five minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's). No business done on Sundays.

PIGS.—R. D. GARRATT, Barton, Arrpthill, Beds, can deliver. Splendid growers and stores of all description cheap now.

AFINE specimen of white tailed EAGLE, captured at Hones Hill, Shetland, and stuffed, by Small and Sons stuffers to the Edinburgh and G'aegow Museums, patronised by the Royal Family). What offers ?—WILLIAM North knd. Lerwick. Shetlaud.

MR. BEN. MANTON, 45 St. Johns street, Bedford, ha to dispose of a large quantity of Yorkshire and all other pure bred PIGS from Bs., 10s, 12s„ 145., 16e., 18s., 20s , 22e., 25s ; all warranted healthy and strong. and as old and good as any other advertieer ; c trriage paid on four and up- wards ; by taking over four I deduct is. per bead. PARROTS 1 PARROTS !—Any person in want of one of these most amusing of all birds, should write to the fountain head. Notice, all grey parrots are imported in lAN erpool ; one can be safely sent to any address ; the prince and the peasant supplied from this, the greatest establieh- ment on f arth ; 500 cages.—WlLLism Cnosa,Largest Importet of Beasts, Birds and Animals, Liverpool.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, Sm., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. XrETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, ac. from CONDY'M FLUID Vi'oRICS, 61, Turnmill-street, London,E

CRA I AND EVANS, BUSINESS. Transfer. Agents 70, Victoria-street, Liverpool, having the follow- ing Business on their books for quick disposal. No charge to purchassr. Furnishing Ironmongery Business, Southport Central. Average weekly takings £22. Splendid House. Old Itstat light d. Price Low. Grocery and Provision Business in Liverpool. Central posi- tion, tient very moderate. Good living for married couple, Lowest price &40. Enclose stampfor reply. Several other genuine businesses on hand.

Eo be Let. DERCY-STREET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re .1 decorated 6s. CATHERINE-ST., re-decorated houses, 4s. 3d. WRLLFIELD-ST.. re-decorated Houses, 58. 6d. STOCKTON HEATH, Good Houses, 48. MOYLE-ST., re-decorated Houses, 4e. PENKETH, good six-roomed Houses, 55. 6d. PENKETH. Cottages Lona 2s. Bd. to 68. BANK - STREET, Warrington OFFICES, from £5, Room. EAGLE AND CHILD YARD.—JOINERS' WORKSHOP. and YARD, £25. ppiy, ROBERT Lowx. Estate Agent Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

QROCER'S SHOE' TO LET, at Yarmouth, Isle of Wight. For particulars apply to H. DowTY, Freshwater, Isle of Wight. x

DREMISRS suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply AsirroN AND WOODS, Solicitors. Horseanarket-at.. warrineton.

QTABLEa and COACH HOUSE TO LET. Excellent accommodation.—Apply to GEL SEC. Friars' Green. Moderate rental.

TO LET.—Good COTTAUES off Lovely Lane, rent 4s _I Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-et„ Warrington.

V 10 LET.—Good HOUSE, 28, Catherine-st., 3 bcdroome, I_ rent, 43. 6d.- Apoly ASHTON, and WOODS, 'solicitors, Horseniarket-street, Warrington. - - - -- rro BE LET room with or without power, WORKSHOPS, 1 storage, stabling, land. .to., in lots to suit tenants.— GRANT'S Wholesale Furniture Works, Lythgoes-lane,Warring- on,

*k. 0 part of the world, inviting settlers, offers brighter pros- pects to the Agriculturist than ONTARIO. Descrintive Pamphlet with Maps, sent fres on applica- tion to the ONTARIO Government Agency, 7, James-ereet, Liverpool.

ti' REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taki suseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, .to., from whatere cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope o- receipt of two stamps for postage A. J.LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.O

"AT VENTION !" ROME WAS NUT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEAR TO BUILD Up 01/1/ REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. 349 You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, bot "—As can purchase a BUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it Ls :111-or your while to ignore the many chelp and nasty 404tt40 Cycles now on the market. Bny a RUDGE or WORTH, and save the endless sums for repairs purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bedsteat 107-0 e always necessitates, not to m• ntion the risk of life limbs attendant upon a rider of a crock. t Ortil Guarantee. trom many agents, and makers are sio the paper they are written upon. so many people t ycle Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. T"'-- fore, gat the GutraPitee of the all° LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE ), w - By Buying BUDGE AND WHIIWORTH CYCLES. Good Discount for Cash, or on our New Easy ParuePt tiystem. BUDGE-WHIT WORTH, LIMITED TAO Mudge epic Co. anti Whitworth Cycle C 0...— Works—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVERPOOL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET. • dit V .OR SALE, splendid Pneumatic BICYCLE new. £9 •„0, JL' Lady's Pneumatic liicyc e, new, .£9 10s. ; worth do'l —Apyly 20, ListErmiLL-sx.. Ballymena. • • ••••" 27 7 patterns, PNEUMATIC SAFETY. S. s, as new. -FowLks, 99, Durhaol-w• 1 Birmingham.

2s. 6d.—TRICYCLES up to date, light roadster" material, best workmanship. non-sapping deta44o. tyres, direct, Birmingham or Coventry.—J. Scaa.U.FF, vt, ton, Notts.

vso 181 6 LADY'S DUNLOP PNICUMATic SA_.z.mo £9 9. listed £.B 18a.; Gent's £8 188. 6d.. 701 £l7 17s. ,• 301bs each, high-class machines, extraorili bargains. Cycle.—CooxE's Advertising Agency,Worcest

CLINCHER Tandem SAFETY good condition. £11014: Girl's Cushion, shop eoile-1. £5; Coventry Dunlop Tyres, nct scratched, £9 10.—A. M. GENTsrt Albans. Der GENT'S very fine BICYCLE, latest design and veriu,g, finish, guaranteed to carry ' 7st., only 3(lb. welerj. Dunlop-Welch tyres, doul.le er..wn head, balls all over,.o plate, cog wheels, and ye, v best plating all over, gun lII* D tulalng,fcoinplete, with 58. 6d. bell, 63. 6d. lamp, 7881 pump, also Brook's 158. 6d. saddle ; cst late owoer con,P £2O ; will sell for cash and take £l3 10,, and giya,.4l guaratee. —MELLOR, 210. Park-road, Liverpool. Telelw- -9925. HUMBER SAFETY, best grey cuihion tyres, had sirm little wear ; cost late owner £2l ; good, sound, tea machine for rough wear; will ell for £3 10s. cash;_ value. worth 8 guineas. -- AELLON, pawnbroker, 210, road. Liverpool.

r ADY'S Safety BICYCLS. 1896 model, very hlgaest .1.1 bible make and finish, d mble ball head, non-sl/14 tyres, best steel tubing, Ilion mghly well plated. chain di dress guard, bell, lamp, pump, and tools ; also twelve rnollra guarantee ; wonderful value, only £9 17e. 6,1. oost ;1"r owner £l4 103.—MELLok. pawnbrober, 210, Park-road, pooh Telephone No. 9,25.

(11INT'S high-grade ROADS MEL 189 S model. Agg handles, double crown head, balls all over, non•sliPcift double tube tyrts. high-class make and finish; • tvi. „21 months' warranty ; marvellous value; room wantad £.9 15s. ; well worth 14 guineas.—MELLoß, pawnbroker, Park-road, Liverpool. T ADY'S high-class BIeYOLIG, left with me for raleil/.40 _LI late owner £l6 10s. only last month ; only been Ou df three times ;lady given up riding owin to having Tfor nasty fall ; highest poshible make and finish ; will se olg, £l9 15s. and give warranty —lkiliazos pawnbroker. Park-road, Liverpool. Tee, ,hcno No 9925.

_ QUADRANT CYCLE C MPANY, L SHE OUR NEW PATTERNS AT PRICES TO SUIT ALL. LIST YREE- -69, tiO:.,D-,TRHET, LIVERPOOL. AND 302. STANLEY- ts OAD. BOOTLE. LADIES TAUGHT AT OUR TWO LARGE HMI.. SCHOOLS. ------ SAFETIES I Safeties I—lmportant to Agents, Deale"Loa others. Illustrated Liz..t of over 1,000 (One Tb00:170. Machines, New and Second hand, post free to any ad" se, Don't pay large and fAucy price for your machine. es Warrilow s prices before purchasing. Single MachiPoalt Wholesale Price. Ladiee' Safeties a sped i aity. (.1"„7„cf,01' Agents wanted. List Post. }re, from W. R. WAR Cycle Manufacturer, Reg-nt-street, West on-super-Mara•/ 1061‘ HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES. Call and inspect nl9..,besta the largest In Liverpool, before buying 01118,:frota Price to suit all. Gent's Pneumatics, detachable tY"'" 'sof £7 10s. ; Ladies, £8 10s. ; guaranteed for 12 montatashiaa payments taken. Repairs executed promptly. ,o. Nara safeties converted into Detach ble Pneumatics 'LOI-10_418" Address - HARDIE. 3.. Upper Di ke-street, LiYaoepbor'l, phone 5944 ;lard 90, Argy e-street, Birkenhead-- Ø4f 33. Sole Agent for the Fatuous ()mond Cycles. Lists. Repairs sent, will be promptly attended

CARPENTER AND Co 53, RENSHAW-s1 BEET, LIVERPOOL THI. OLD FIRM. Sole Liverpool and District Agents, for Celebrate4sel, ROVERS, PREMIRnS. NEW ItAPID3, SPARBROuI's ROTH WELL'S ALLARD'S XL.. GLOBE AND ROO' HOOD CYCLES. LADIES' CYCLES A aPECIAi ITY, Every Machin., Guaranteed. A 10 Repairs and Sundri,a.—Low Pricea A ftw Shop-sone,* Second-hand Machines under cot.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! CYCLES! 1 • THE CYCLE KING. J. vAT ADDINGTON, • (Holder of the 50 an i 100 miles Northern E°66 Record), 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDevP. ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for (MOD RELIABLE HINES, R EPA I EV", and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Second-hand Ma Rines always in Stock. Three years' Guarantee. LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot sel, their way clear to Buy a Machine Ri,ht Ont. paying £3 down they can have a Machindsny during 196. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT I: '1 WADDINGTON'S k YCLE Cl 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALcO AT MERSEY-CH A MBE IZS, N ERS EY-STRED" WARR! NGTON. PATENTEE AND MAKER OF TUB " ELEGANT" CYCLE STANP. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY 108 HOME US& , AGENT Oii THE " RUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND Oil-LEE HIGH-GRADE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " SPRINT" iYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIEIY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTEN.-- REPAIRS A SPECIA'ATY AND PROMPTLI ATTEN UED TO. CHA4ILEI ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, j LIVERPOOL - ROAD. WARM GTO

GEORGE & CO., SOOTLAND-ROAD (Ntu.seEND), LIVERPOOL. Man. Eho.) 92ND HALF YEARLY STOCKTAKING SALE. THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. SON's SURPLI S ACCUMULATIONS OF OVER £l5OOO WORTH. GENUINE AND UNDOUBTED BARGAINS IN NE GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES BY ALL DUD MAKERS, HIGH CLASS GENUINE RIAHONDS. SOLID GOLD CHAINS, FINE MARBLE AND BRONZE CLOCKS, Al SILVER PLATE. laid REDUCED FROM 56. TO 10s. IN EVERY £ NO REGARDLESS OF COST. TE goods being of hi,hest quality and perfection , cffered at these hitherto unheard-of prices to realise), stirn gnarantee of .3atistaction will be given with each e• Call or write. GEORGE AND CO. (OPPOSITE CRANE AND SON'S), SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

isRitrRI3ELL'S 245 GOLD KEYLESS HRONOMETER. adi 9 r, a For magnificent new type Eng- -Lt.JS VD. lish Lever-Cryatal Glass Gold van, mad to special order in August last, by Thos. and Sons, Cniarch-street (makers to the Queen), to tiistret•est and moat perfect specifications, combining great: %Decal ?gtla, durability, and accuracy ever before Wffl ae, . istel inlProved brlance, 19 actions hard rubies, cornpen- gize beat ant cold. with hardened B-equet opiral. in full 213- Intjnear 40z.) so id 18 car tt god damp and dust proof Oases. Th4iPatent• keyle..3 and alt unbreakable springs, patent OD2graph and stop action. Special offe,. and a genuine Unity ; makers' full warranty (35 years) and receipt tc:lPurchaser. Trial allowed. GENUINE WATCH EARGAINS THIS DAY. 1850.—GEORGICS. k9£2B GOLD (Cost tH2IIOB CHRONOMETER MnElt 11)11:orLlffsE UNTER. English (kin% S. Chrowmeter LEVER HUNTER, by n ted ,astle-steeet nit tker to the Royal Navy , with full com- -lion for heat and cold, ruby jewelled throughout, un- tZable mainspring, and fully caped ; in thick, heavy, stui,Pand dust tight, pl.,in 18-carat gold oases, and double- dial. This splendid lot offered at above low price to 5a Immediate clearauce, and Is warranted by maker, and itialPe(t warranty for 3J years. Approval and free 4OLD - LFVERS BY NOTED MAKERS.--GEORGE'S.

k 'sly, GOLD KBYTIBStSB Lgreal!rSTOnEt'ZiLtTorCllnts, Llivitn OS. bD. So..id Gold Keyless Centre Seconds 1.4 .7. with chronometer balance ruby jewelied throughout lisal Improvements . in solid gold. Government stamped, %Ibr,„"nd duet pro •1 cases, satety keyless action and 116"4,_ able ma;nspring. with centre seenr.s, and patent ; a “dead gun " timeist . with stamped warranty for .."„. Perfect eatittaction. Easy payment taken. GUARANTEu SA iIcFACTION.

,(10.41SELL'S £l4 LADY'S riOLD KEYLESS LEVER. tc:itt 17 6D. LFRorvliamdy'sbysupTehrbomG,ioald CRhurossenloimaetnedr theii,the famous makers to the Queen, and posPessing all 11% West improvement, chronometer balance, adjusted tor ttfkii" cold, ruby kiwellel throughout, with the new Safety unbreakable keyless aclon, and mAinspring : Atka,tY Government stamped solid 18-carat gold cases, fully IkktuVald dust proof. with double sunk white dial and gold grand timest, new last year and makers' war- ours for 3.: years given. Watches or jewellery Antioad. ...s•ZT STOCKTAKING SALE TO-DA.Y.—GBORGE'S.

',lasi:4;las, s r o 1 GOLDieff.rE)AFor ~ LLHaVdHis Very thiai 17s, D. ti'aPadva)me GOLD LIIVIiR,Of first- chronometer balane., ruby jewelled every Unbreakable mainspring.and all late3t I m tnglish i- -44c1e4eute,m massive Government-stamped gold eases,damp ti:ki.t tist nroof,and sunk seconds gold dial. A " aead-gun " Ilati._Avith wr tten stamped guarantee for 20 years. fientire thitCtion. Approval. Bak-y payments taken. s----tILY-SROuN D li ALF-YEARLY SALE —GEORGE'S.

SELL'S £l2 SILVER "FLY-BACK" CIIRONO- kb. GRAPH, Independent Centr- Seconds. For Splendid Keyless Independent Th 7s• 6D. CEP,ONOGRAPH of latest invention, tliby-,•Russell,maker to the Quent.,l-plate lever,l9 actions, told. Jewelled, Iteit improved edj.istments for heat and I.6th with independent action registering minutes, seconds. 390ths cr a minute. Timings by this chronograph the r only oneA officiaty recognised by the N.C.U. and Arieel".„4-2k, and same quality movement in gold cases is ler 2,5 New last year. tatna maker's guarantee and ours pars given. M inthlv payments at Cash Prices. -------I._I°_RGE'S—SEE WINDOWS FOR BARGAINS. - - 1111138°11LLS0 ii RONOM ST R 4 SILVER LEVER. 17s. 6D. (111negrTisrec groOilmr)etefor, ttigr4tß-c.lasosf kakelitw"ell and eon's (mak, rs to the Queen) finest hind- " " war; best ruby-jewelled movement, roeter-UOt one atom of foreign manufactore ; real chrro- with tor heA, and cold; unbr. akable mainspring, tight ea,..4t dust-proof ap ; in extra heavy air and wattr- laet year 7. nd gold hands ; makers' 25 years' warranty,from 043'Illentatt,,4 Ours), lveia with this special lot. Monthly TH (1/7.,„"1ti• Trial allowed. --"A PEST '• LiOOD " WATCH ON RECORD.

. , WORKBLA `.'S STRONG £3 15s. SILVER LEVER. X 1 2s. 6 khR (sew six months ago) for firat-class D. strong, Eng ish Hall Mrr:ked Silver ; full plate m ,vement, ruby jewelled, chronometer Vb,.. , and unbrniktble mainspring; a splendid timest. in killleavy, plain' olkbed, damp and dust-proof cases, with 4tZl_baliCtle glass; such a perfect marvel of gooci value has ~before been seen ; warranted 15 years. Easy payments

IJ— IiadONDS, SEC ,ND-HAND DIAMONDS, BARGAIN I LaNBREICRRS WILL APPIII4 -lATB 'F HR FOLLOWING 811L1ICTIM AND NIARKED DOWN AT THCALL 011 Y LOW PRECES TO EFFECT CLEAR- WRITR. 18 k'6l L 4 DIAMOND ENGAGBMENT RING. For this sulend. id Peal DIAMOND 13rInia ti DD PING. containing five .most perfect and fira Luo urest w 'ter, an of rare,t whiteness, lustre 18.camet1 mounted in strong claw setting of he vy Claw 4,-tit; • Also another supe,b 5-stone brilliant Diamond 'wen "f-ho ,p (extra strong settings only £2 12s. 6J. ; llorth illol These lots wo,ild delight the most critical, 14;41, t_or value are absolutely unapproached. Inspection tc,41,7P8.-tig TriaLMVII. DAICATLIVi3 RING. 178. 6 For Gent's magnificent coSinngtsitenenea 0. Real DIAMOND R first water Brilliant., of rare whiteness. and one blaze a; in heavy soli 18-catat H.II-marked gold-setting. 675. 6d.. with undertaking to advance 50s. Approval net FINE BRILLIANT DIAMOND HALF-HOOF. kle. 19 (worth £8) for Lady's exquisite 5- s. (ID stone Real DIAMOND RING. every „a Perfect gem of rarest lustre and fire, securely mounted 18-earat claw setting. We simply defy competition this lot. Approv 11. j2l a. REAL (,0 ti) IVICIsInFoRr Aga- ijoOv2yP TnNgiergement birt,tB,.._• D. RING, containing five real diamonds of told n'e'uly. in, plain band of solid 18-carat Hall-marked o•,,Warran ed 108. LARGE SINGLE STONE FIN OR STUD' Il'rwr4 5 18 6D. liCaonstparz ..),,DlP.orktrhgies lsotvoenleyoßtratzhie- ,.. 14:,t, beauty and fire.without a fault, exquisitely mounted tul 18-carat gol I cliw setting'. Approval. uINRA LAILOR DIAMOND CRESCENT BROOCH „ OR HAIR ORNAMENT. For this superb DIAMOND CUES- .S6D CUNT, containing 17 large white 00Z.11,,au yids of fhe rar .st be tuty, and one blaze of fire. guinems at city howte Its', season. Approval. GUINEA HMS DSOM.I? DIAMOND BRACELET. —Cost 7 Guineas rec-ntly—For lovely 18, p DI VION'D BRACE'. isT containing tetti,,°4B single-stone, mounted in handsomely wrou4hl Net of so id fine gold. Al4o Dvely flexible "Curb and aort°el., IL" Chain Bracelet (with "safety ' chain),only 22e. 64.; al4 10s. And others, very large sizes, now off -Ted for 0 •nd tirb -38 s. td. The cheap .st house in the world for Cold .racelets.f. II warranted. TT,/ DIAMONDS, GEO GE'S, DIAMONDS. a SOUNDEST INVIISTMR VT WITH ABSOLUTE AND tiNDOUBTED RELIABILITY.

NOW OPEN, THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BALLYMENA. LINEN and DAMASK MANUFACTURERS. beg to inform their former Patrons and the Public generally that they have OPENED their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 78, BOLD-STREET, LIVER- POOL, with a JOMPLETE STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DA•rt ASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKINS. SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-HANDKERCHIEFS, also G RNTLE- MEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS. and LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTH- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which they will SELL at Bona-fide MANUFACTURERS' PRIORS. All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No one importuned to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SON, LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, OF BELFAST, 76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BlT.dous and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, LORB OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS, &C. As a General Family Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. Heads of households should always have a box by them to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under th -ir charge, as by ps.ying attention to the regular action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels,many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vic,,enr to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. Prepared only by W. LAMBHRT, 173, Seymour Place, London. W.

SAMUEL GEORGE DAVEY, LATE DIRECTOR 1-VD SECRETARY oF HENRY MILLING AND CO., LIMITED, HAS PURCHASED THE BUSINESS FOUNDED BY MR. A. B. A. SMITH at 2 AND 4, ACADEMY-ST., AND BUTTERMARKET - ST., WARRINGTON. AND HAS OPENED TME PREMISES WITH A CHOICE SELECTION OF THE FRESHEST and FINEST QUALITY GOODS. WHICH ARE OFFERED AT THE LOWEST REMUNERATIVE PROFIT.

VIE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, MAY 2nd, 1896.

:!,,VPor '" 141„':,It --. ' ..;st 5... q , '. ". :. •••S' -,:1) 'I, ,'\N , ro yi :t, .. '. ~.., '''4A.,,)• ‘ 4 1 ~,, '''''\e'S.:•:N /i,olc.i' ,"' ...5.4.0 .' 'io' Agreeable preventives in season are much surer than belated drugs. A healthy condition of the Kidneys, , Liver, and Bowels is the strongest safeguard against Headaches, Rack- ing Colds or Fevers. Syrup of Figs acts as a perfect laxative should, cleansing and refreshing the system without weakening it, permanently curing constipation and its effects. Mild and Sure, pleasant to the taste and free from objectionable substances. Physi- cians recommend it. Millions have found it invaluable. Remember, the genuine is manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Co. Of Chemists, price is. xi& & es. gd., ,zlOkr4 F/4-4. or post free on receipt of price from the Wholesale Depot tr- 1*- 411' ••:' 32, SnOW Hill, -r4„ 70‘ sr 4-RANCASCs" London, E.C. Trade Mark-.

DR. BERTELLI'S CATRAMIN PILLS (lobular shaped Pastilles.) . FOR --"t t—) INFLUENZA, CONSUMPTION. • A a for This celebrated Medicine is strongly recommen-e !- affections of, the Throat and Lungs. It is invalu Singers, Lecturers and Clergymen. 01 Puce is. 10. and 2s. 9d. per box. To be obtained 5ll Chemists and the Wholesale Agents. W. EDWARDS & EON, .C• 157, Queen Victoria Street, London C , KEATING'S POWDER. efles. Kills Fleas, BUTS. MOtl22_2e KEATibi WS PO W DER. yeti& Kills Fleas, Bugs.

KEATING'S PO WDE R. ,3e ills Fleas, Bugs, KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, 132,tee1, eeir This Pow d-r, go, otr 3d., 6(1., and is. TINS. brated, is perfectilom rivallf d in destrfet Jetif 3d., 6d., and IS. rr Insects ( whilst Peini_ti INS. harmless to all e.',OJ 0 0 T life). All violist's ,',d ad., Dd., and IS. INS. furs should be roe' sprink'ed with tbe 0 der betore placing $ Sold only in tine.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN, Are easily. surely, and with perfect safety got rid of b,licue log ICHATING'S WOR:d TABLIcTS. Nearly all 0110 suffer from Worms. If suspected, co not wait, you c4O ease cure he child (has no effect except on worms). P.' all Chemists, in Tins. Is. lid. each.

EADE'S PILLS. tofl EADR'B ILLS. All who suffer from GO' It 110^ Rheumatism should imtuatill). , EADE'S pILLS. have remurse to ItAoh'S N„,-, Hundreds of Testimonial' lillj E ..LA ILLS, been received from all sorts to conditions of men testifYililill EAlrws pus. the wonderful power these A have in giving relii-f in EADE'S pmts. worstcases. These Pills axe P. il i vegetable and perfectly 'Ole their action. sa ' INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE WORST FORM OF GOUT, .I•LHEUMATISM, ' i RHEUMATIC GOUT, . PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. „ And have the largest recommenthtion ever give"' any Patent Medicine of its class. bur, GOUT "16,Burton.crescent De 111,44,, road. Leeds, May 2nd. 100 HE U MAT IS 3i ,"Dear Sir, —lt is with unitoe,,io pleasure I send you a few li°,,iilt. GOUT praise of your mosi excellent: 0,1 It is six yea's since I firs tnet RHE U MAT IS 31 Rheumatic Gout, and I had ,irs! months in bed with it. Of eGeois GOUT I had the doctor, and he Or 00' WO 4 me down almost to a RHEUMAT IS M The I.ext spring I had s?'"Ditt at, tick , and was riersu.idet.a A GOUT friend to try your Pills. 1 u'ols: I and am quite sure they prevgso. RHEITMA T I S M. my being laid natadintio r . , since h 6rl OUT pain I hive taken 2 or 3800 and t have been all right RHE UMAT IS M dlirnytirm Noi BE wITIIT ° OUT THE A IF THEY COS s, ONE POUND A BOTTD fit° 01,il I)HEUM A TI S M You are qpite at liberty Aa 1 t. what use you like of thito s, of ( 1 OUT shall be pleased to answerSo lJt- poor sufferer who cares WArios/' A)HEUMA TI S M nie (enclosing stamped ad" it Wishing you every success, , Yours truly, ....,„ vi: ALBERT MOIR+ i • EADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL,Sp, 911' Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. lid. ana riets:, or sent post free for Postal Order by the Prof k P GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. B.C. l'4/$ll, and be sure lon obtain EADE'S GOUT AND 0 2dATIO PILLS. . FADE'S PILLS- ---/

LACE CURTAINS DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURERS. THE HAPPY HOME PARCEL-1 Pair elegant Draw- ing Room Curta;ns, 4 yds. long, 2 yds. wide ; 1 pair splendid Dming Room curtains, 3k yds. long, 62 in. wide; 1 pair Breakfast Room Curtains, floral style, 3 yds. long 48 in. wide; 1 pair pretty Bedroom (Jurist!, s, 3yds. long, 40 in. wide (ALL TAPED EDGF.S) ; 1 Lace Cushion Cover, 1 Lace Handkerchief. 12 yds Fancy Lace, 12 yds. Crochet 'Riving. The lot, Car. Paid. 17s Sd. Whits or Ecru. SUCH HANDSOME VALUE HAS NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Money returned if not approved Picture Book of Lace Curtains, Roller Blinds. Frilled Curtains, Lace, Ac., Post Free. ROLLER BLINDS edgrd with Lace or Fringe, from ss. 6d. Samples of Materials on approval. H. GOREING & Co., 56 DEPT., NOTTINGHAM

.:. •:.-"'-' P. t-,.- to, , -,c--,- v- I K . , .% •. .4., ...4.„... •,_ r • a' , '',2ii x... ; tg And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before paying out any money. I have made a life-long study of Fits, Epilepsy, St. Vitus' Dance, &c., and when I say cure I mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE TO SUFFER, but send 3d. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, a.id TRY IT, F. C. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens. LONDON. N.W.

LADIES NDISPENSABLE TO LADIES' Particularly those . who desire a quick safe and reliable renaedyfor all obstructions and Irregu- larities, larities, a medicine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair as the most obstinate &hopeless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your invaluable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks ot misery and hopeless- ness." A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with all testi- monials and medicine. One package at 4s. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit LlOOO for every testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to—. AK .sikin) xii.n a FIR AIN , MEDICAL INSTITUTE, HACKNEY ROAD (Opposite bhoraditch Churoto.London.N.E. -- 311.0100 Y - - iljlastiin . immosimmENlE

One little bottle of Norton's Pills Is not guaranteed to cure all ills, But one little bottle, beyond all question, Will thoroughly conquer Indigestion! They have 100 YEARS' REPUTATION of being an UNEQUALLED REMEDY for INDIGESTION, HEAD- • ACHE, BILIOUSNES, DEBILITY, STOMACH &nil s LIVER COMPLAINTS. A SPLENDID TONIC ji GENTLE APERIENT. • • A • . 1 ' UM ‘; : •Y Oçi N • 4 .. . it • • . A Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. In Betties, Is. Md., 2s. 9d., and lie., of all Medicine Vendors. Ask for "Norton's Camomile Pills," and do not be ~.rsnaded to bike a substitute. Prei,dred by NORTON'S LTD., 21 Spital Square, London, E.

ONE - LITTLE NORTON'S TRADE m mll BOTTLE _ k r

POLISHING—A PLEASURE! WILL NOT ~:-..,w.t, FINGER /14'7: STEPHENSON' MARK. 416 FURNITURE 1 CREAM • ..,,,,,,,. . v.: •▪ ..-:- . \ ,z ,- . ,;: ..,,,;_-, ; , -7-1 •••▪ ••••• ..:;-4.42,-.-. , -..,- - ~ , ~ ' ' -;:,-, Twr---,- -- ----- . •-•-, ../...././ __---- . , ..110'.00....illioliiiiiiglii.qq-2 --- ~ .-,,,..-r-,,„ 4, • •.r , -,,,f,1;.•,-r.-.,- ,Soid1); Chemists. Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, sTENIENsoN Bus,. BRADFORD.

DISINFECT WITH ' • "SANITAS" FLUIDS, POWDER & SOAPS. Interesting Pamphlet sent free.: Sanitas Co. Ld., Bethnal Green, London,

air= THE aLoon Is THE oral! CLARKE ; fORLII-FAMED

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. 104 "We have seen hosts of letters from people wbo .41 received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood itiyol It cannot be too highly estimated. for it cleanses and the blood from all impurities." This is a good testlis from the Family DlCtOr, , which goes on further to say; Alit; the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have broul,l light, and we can with the utmost confidence recomoo" to our subscribers and the public generally" Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impuritieb or ~hatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, liczeill6V4ol, rid Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds' It!,,t .re marvellous. It is the only real specific for ts,So t,heumatic Pains, for it removes the cause fro, the taa''' ',ones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. r;g lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamP6,lsv" prietors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIED,wpf, COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Wort less Imits.

• ---- DR. J. COLLIS BROWN• CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENMNB. OHLORODYNE is admitted by the ProfeBs:', P V.) be the most wonderful and valuable remedy covered. fat (111LORODYNE is the best remedy knolvil A tj Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis. arid A sthnss;,fer riIILORoDYNE effectually coecks and iliteso tho ie too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheris, 4 Croup, Ague. (IHLORODYNE acts like a charm in DiePr and is the only. specific in cholera and Drynterft, ‘B.LORODYNE effectually cuts short all 0 .1 , 0k...) of Epil,psy Hysteria, Palpitation. and Spasth ofr, HLORuDYNE is the only palliative in lee gia, Rheumatism, Gout. '.'ancer, Toothache, gills, fic. From Dr. B. S. BOULTON and Co., Horncastle• We have made pretty extensive use of ChlorodYne. practice lately, and look upon it es an excellent dire,' II? 'ive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain ancy.j tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It %,oirj ,t feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by anicet ' remedy, and it seems to possess this great dvantage,°,o:4# others Sedatives; that it leaves no uti pleas tnt after etiv-105) Earl Russell communicated to the College of tlr,t he received a despatch from her Majesty's Olaf Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging and that the ONLY remedy of any sr. vice was DY24E.7—See Lancet, let Decemb,-r. 1864, CAUTIUN.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND JO! t 'f TATIONS. CturioN.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE Wool) Salv:600) Dr J. Comas BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the in _oo_s " CHLOIIODYNE " and that the story of the dTler FREEMAN, was dcliberately untrue, which he regrette° had beim sworn, to—See Times. 13th 1864 weir§ Br Sold in bottles at is 11,1., 2s. 9d., ad 4s. 6d,...„1,ey genuine without the words "DR. J, )LLIS CHLORODYNE" on the Government stamp. log Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. er SOLE MANUFACTURERS —J. T. DAVEN PO RT, Russell. at., Bloomsbury, London. ROCHEB HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOPINGZCOUGH The „relebratero ROOFING COUGH cut....2te HOOPING COUGH medicine, .C 4 H COUGH Ot Lill Chew. OOPING 4E3. per nottle.o4, BRONCHITIS Wholesale W. EDWARDS •0 P' CROUP 157, Queen \TWO / . Londo ROCHE'S HERBAL, EMBROCATION. y/

'OR 0. U 474 ~....,, A. ~ ,

„ ~• 11:11,S` - 4 • ,41% c4i. ''(4l tlrh (it”' 41,

- - - -- - - -- -- - - - An experiment is to be made at Gloucester in the nNE CASE OF ARMY AND 1)00 treatment of smallpox hydropathically. A gentleman tO 11° MEDICINES contains sufficient co' who advocates this method has had a chapel placed at i 01 his disposal for use as a temporary hospital, and £lOO ,Jontagious Diseases of a certsio class (interna• ti 191 has been subscribed towards the expense. Mixture ernal), Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mix'.'' ,3, ISTWO domestic servants have been suffocated by gas lilo°' in their bedroom at South Hampstead. The tap was Only of HONG. Operative Chemist, (la get turned on after the light had been put out, and the gas , filled the room and caused the death of the poor girls.

8 ::45f.' 1,L44,. ~ opta 0., p.:\ E ..:1,,,, mvxzweracrazzew=rmr2. r7.2=3, -•% .; 9 --- Fri Art CAN :°1:1' ENGAGEMENT IN HALF-HOOP, TIARQUISE/ 4 GIPSY, AND ALL OTHER DESIGNS, SET WITII BRILLIANTS RUBIES EMPRALDS PEARLS, SAPPHIRES 01113, J 3 _...,1 3 TURQUOISE, ETC., ETC., ETC. 5,000 IN STOCK TO CHOOSE FROM.

AND AT ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C., and 25, OLD BOND STREET, W., LONDON. _ ir II R E IRISH LINEN w '4IISR LINEN HUSH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS . LINEN Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched. 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. 4411 LINEN 411, IRISH LINEN COLLARS. %4ISR LINEN 14/ Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozer,; made spec:al to pattern, ov,. 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH LINEN NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER Z'M'EINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. "41 141 s IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real 44ISa L [NEN Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. 14 IRISH DRESS LINENS, F'ETENSUINMGIE4EIK. LINEN D 14181 i ISRI L INEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability: I and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. 0 N ALL PARCELS OVER 20J- CARRIAGE PAID. 3 IRELAND ,__% az, HUTTON 41 co.y LARNE .

FOUND DEAD. ________ killed ( MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONE pOISON / The only Cure for Cods, Coughs, MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS Bronchitis, Ac. liundbr:dn e FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands have 8 of farmersby using SANFORD'S POISON. 'the be that have used it say i"t FACTS Ihe only Cure for Aet P i - °•Ron known as they find a lot of ra ts NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. rad by usink it. Post F;ee. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of -- ji:FORD & SONS R IkiclbY Chemists. Ai 9 —andy Beds. Send stamps and try it. MORRIS, CHEMIST. —BO, MICE POISON for dressing ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, til stacks, and \ and all Dealers. PoiBOn for kaki Moles on land.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CNEST 3 W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life ; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best—Observer. C ocKLESs FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

"Half a Loaf is better than No Bread" If it is made with the famous 6 ( 9 --•,-,-,.-_----4.0; / /-i .sv., ~,,,.... ~/,:, - • r. 4) • e .L. . /, ~,,,t,,,,.,,,,,„ ,„, \ YEAST. \ , ~, „ ~i k,,.• \vc , ~, 6, The DISTILLERS COMPANY, Ltd., Edin- \\., .' \,. \\\ ~t\ / 0 li/i/ burgh, invite Shopkeepers to sell their f';'• \\' / 1 '''' -N,', N w ' .. _ ~.....„ Yeast, andi Bakers and Householders to ,1/".;..A N - ,t;;V, ' '0 // \\ / V#l', ''*. i, ~ / use it. Absolutely pure and unequalled .. \\ :..',-,-",\ '`V, ' ~;,\ for Loaf and Fancy Bread, • • , -,v, , • A Tea Cakes, Buns, 'Sm. ‘5 45ftik5" l':',4:•;17. u.,'Y'r'',';".* ' ,/, .9°- ' ' ----- --.-- r'. ' PVVY. 9 Note the I Dic.l2 Brand.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fot Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons, so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. 10. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 strum' a by the maker B T. TowLE. Chemist, Nottingham. Beware f imitations,

'ALEXANDRA' HAND SEPARATORS. Make 20 °b. [ More 11 Butter. 424'. Saves Sent on Labour Tinka Carriage 11, I 3' Fuel Paid. Space , and • Utensils. SIZE EASY TO WORK FOR A £ 8. d. No. 12 Lad 16 Galls, per hr. 9 0 0 95 25 99 99 14 0 0 11 8 90 30 91 9, 1515 0

, :,- w I! 4i' .e ‘.% i, 4. - iy 7 ,:,. 1: • , i;* ' , t. - :1; ~: '..", I , t.. 4 ,f, . , - ... .„, 4' . '. ' - , ; - - . 1,.= . PILLS AND OINT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &a. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINC, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIVF JOINTS, dec.

grUCIE ESAG CO. LAMM MAKERS OF INDIARUBBER AND PURE ASBESTOS GOODS, LEATHER BELTING; Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES &C. GUARANTEED QUALITY. 42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL. LONDON, CARDIFF, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN. LEATHER WORKS : LIVERPOOL.

.................-- Aitcl -C ~,• v, ——: rti‘ "\ s.ll , - ---....„-,-,, :sr, „,,, .• ~,, ~,,,, . • .„- ; ..,•,,,.,„..,,r,,,,i 4,4 ,',.,•H: -., • . y-..;ix) , ~, , ~ ~,: ~.• ~,,,,,,, „,•• 4/ y 10,1***,.',, : , * ..-. " . ',„4/ ', / '''' ' ''' ',' ':,''' . . ~';/'o',•'''P''''')-''',l l',A ei 1, ( . Ss',' ° ','''';e:;, L, , ' '''',/'::C.: :04: '''. ~'• 14' ,4'-•,- k:: ~A ,7, .ii;.'...Qiii) ir .',1,,,.. 1,,,A•,,:•.'.‘ ~..,;), I ilito ';'4'f,',' .... ' -:-;.:itill.l4'9,7•4llW''. 1:f:,;71,1,') , :'!,N -.: ' f;,.- ' t-,A*4P-I*lll--7,,,-•.?:;.,'.:;,•::-',--,?:;--.:: , F/ ' fi. • 1g u •••••:•--,,r.,--e,:,'14,•-,..:4,..' •,;:.-_Avltirtt,,, . ~ tii.,-• , „Lse 4-id-Laida. „,„_.,,.. • -fr i . tA?, ' -:.' ssgel 013THINc, 'INS '1517.,‘ 4' ' FIFTY' yeA--'-- - ';,, t .k . ...• N. ^, -.....-.. r, . . , , A , ELIEVE 1 CI A\ f)N \ FEVERISH HEAT • ) Irfevepe A C 0) 1 .vul,ions it. _ . Pt _,..r..::: ~, „ a Hea:thy st.tici the i Cenititaoll ivn 9 i the , i Fr diaren CUtt fr,ei..,,tl P,14.1 if VEINING ' ij ct., -7-7-7-7-- , i _... ‘ , t, . '-h A4VOU.H, Surrey. te!, Irt e ------ .vz., 1( Please Observe the EE s, ,N. . , • - 1N STEEDMAN

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 10 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES T, all irregularities and obstructi, ns. a ..,. _,`" remedy which under the most trying LADIES TO circumstances and in the most difficult LADIES TO and LADIES 'I 0 OBSTINATE CASES LADIES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LA DIES RELIEF, TO GENERALLY IN I FEW HOURS. LADIES TO No case hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES TO Hill, Camberwell, write. : LADIES "By adopting your treatment my TO anxiety and misery was over within LADIES TO twenty-four hours, although for over three LADIES TO mon' hs I had been daily taking pills and LADIES To other things in vain Half the quantity LADIES you sent prove 3 effective, to my intense TO oy and surprise" LADIES TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LA DIES To testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES TO expensive, as one bottle at 4.. 6d. (by LADIES poet, aosset, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any LADIES , TO Full particulars will be gl dly forwarded LAD' ES ' TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES To envelope. LADIES Write privately to— TO Mrs. M. xt k., LADIES TO 145, STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON, s.w LADIES ! i

FOR FIRST-CLA.S3 PRIVATE ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. mt rrEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the CO work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extractiono iiit as hitherto by the a 1 rous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,C00 galloon weekly. Bator& of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY Haim.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CUURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, xf EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. --- WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANO.S-51 RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS; BRIDGB-8T• NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLE R 1
