===== 0002601_19130201_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Li Brace 5s each

7 ernains

)athetie

===== 0002601_19130201_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURED ROME

SANKEY STREET, NEXT TO G.P.O.

MONDAY, TUESDAY & :WEDN ESDAY, FEB. 3RD, 4TH, &STH. "THE BLACK MASK."

THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, FEB. 6TH, 7TH & FEB. BTH. "THE SURGEON."

RYAL THEATRE OF VAR lETIES SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. 6.SO—TWICE NIGHTLY.-9. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3RD. THE " ROYAL " STOCK CO. IN THE POWERFUL DRAMA, "FOR MONEY.-NOT LOVE." Full Matinee Thursdays, at 2.30 p.m.

CHURCH SOCIETY.- LECIT JRES IN THE PARISH CHURCH DURING LENT. NEXT FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 7TH.

w ARRINGTON

REV. BERNARD HEYWOOD, Vicar of Swinton

AT 3 P.M. FOR WOMEN. "PRAYER." AT 8 P.M. FOR MEN. "MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE."

WARRINGTON LITERARY AND PHILOSOPFIIOAL SOCIETY. PROFESSOR L. T. HOBHOUSE, Professor of Sociology in the University of London, Fellow ,of Weston College, Oxford, will give an Address, entitled: "BIOLOGY AND POLITICS" at the CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO STREET, on MONDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 3rd, at 8 p.m. CHAIRMAN: 0. LOFTHOUSE. Esq., President. ADMISSION FREE.

W ARRINGTON PERMANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. ANNUAL AUDIT. Members are kindly requested to send in their Pass Books to Mr Edwin Bradshaw, Chartered Accountant, 4, Egypt-street, Warrington, one of the Society's Auditors, not later than Saturday, the Bth February. ALFRED H. OLIVE, Secretary. 6, Egypt-street. Warrington.

CRISIS IN THE CHINESE OPIUM TRAFFIC. LECTURE. (Illustrated by Limelight). IN THE FRIENDS' MEETING HOUSE, BUTTERMARKET STREET, ON TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4TH, 1913, BY MR. NOEL BRAMHALL (of the Anti-Opium League.) Chair to be taken at 8 p.m. by • THE REV. 'W. COOPER. ADMISSION FttEE. ALL WELCOME.

' '; 7 ent)36":atal OF --WARD:iictltOlVl— tippi- TENDERS are invited for the supply of Uniform Clothing, Hats, (Ice., 1.6 the several Depart- ments of the Corporation for the ensuing twelve months. Particulars, &a., may be oLtained on and after Monday next, the 3rd instant, at the Borough Treasurer's Office, Bank House, Sankey Street, and tenders, securely fastened and endorsed ." Tenders for Clothing "should be sent in to the undersigned, not later than twelve o'clock noon on the 12th Ve'o., 1913. The contractor whose tendkr is accepted will be required to observe the recognised customs and conditions as to the rate of wages and working hours prevailing within the district. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. JOHN FAIRHuRsT, Borough Treasurer. Municipal Offices, Warrotgton. Ist Feeruary, 1913.

COUNTY • BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. TO STORES CONTRAC: ORS, EA RTHEN- WARE PIPE MANUFAGTURERS, QUARRY OWNERS, MERCHANTS, TEAM. OWNERS &c. The Paving aid Sewerage Comerii tee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS for the supply of the Committee's requirements during the tmolve months ending March 31st 1914, viz,: CONCRETE FLAGS. RAWTENSTALL OR YORK FLAGS. RAWTENSTALL HERBS. BLUE BRICKS. CHEQUERED TILES. SEWER PIPES. BENDS, JUNCTIONS &c. MACADAM AND CHIPPING'S. LIM 14.:SIONE CHIPPING'S. COPPER SLAG. PORTLAND CEMENT. CAST IRON GULI,TES. BRUSHES, HAMMERS, SCUTCHES &c. SCAVENGERS' BROOMS, SHOVELS, SCUFFLES AND SCOOPS STREET SWEEPING MACHINE ROTARY BROOMS. Also for Carting for the Highway and Scavenging Departments for the tweve months. Parties wishing for Tender Forms will please specify those materials only for which they propose to Tender. • Specifications and samples may be seen and forms of tender and all fur( her information obtained at ,the Office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Tuesday next, the 4th inst., at which plane Fenders, sealed in the envelopes supplied, must be delivered not later than 10 o'clock a.m. on Saturday the 15th day of February, 1913. • Any Contractor. whose Tender may be accepted will be required to observe the recognised customs and conditions as to the rate of wages and working hours prevailing within the Borough. The Committee reserve the right to divide the contracts in any way they may think fit, and do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. ANDREW M. HER, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office, January 31st, 1913.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON JUNIOR LIBERAL ASSOCIA- TION HORSEMARKET-STREET.

MONDAY EVENING NEXT FEB. 3RD. 1913 AT 7-47)

MONTHLY LECTURE.

SUBJECT: "ECONOMICS IN POLITICS."

LECTI7RER :

W. ABBOT, ESQ. M.A., Altrincham.

A hearty welcome extended to all.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
I. 11101111111 -

were

ow and ich the horn he number -,•ortege. musical s of the ln and pect to a which Pigot), ;uching ne chief Lnd Mrs her and

Jr and nd Mrs Mr and 1, Mr lusiness

[ and at 0(1 him- -about h Mr R Other

s along V Shaw

number ductor),

!rossley L), G H

n dert on. ; Berry, Bellian,. IFinch,

Idrgely- ntary). caber of choir-

as also

L road, 13 nnett, ington, Heath,

'ALKER lenerai hod by :amine -street. ;TOWN' 13.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
73 113 & 133 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGT•

. . • , . . ~.,. . . _ U: . , .. . , ... : .., ~.. ~. . . . .'' .. . . • •0 • . . .. • . . , ..: . . • . .. • • ••.7..... : ....: I'. A .. .. . . . . . • ~ ..,._ ~ .. , . . . . . . , . • . . .. . . . . . • • , .. . .. , . , .. - • ........:.. '• ... . . . .

OWING TO

. . . . ~ . .. . . . .• . . . ~ . .

EXPIRATION OF LE E PREMISES.

THE ENTIRE STOOK of Black and Coloured Dress Materials, Black and Coloured Silks, Fancies, Laces, Ribbons, Embroideries, Trimming, &c.,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BE CLEARED.

THE REMAINING STOCK to be reduced in bulk to facilitate removal.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
JA:H'H,.S

Eir s

1

===== 0002601_19130201_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19130201_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Aim

I

===== 0002601_19130201_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
2 FOR DEUS CALCSIOu SE McDOUGALL'S SELF RAISING FLOUR

TH KI YS

Where They Are and What. They Do

Everyone ought to know how to tell whether the kidneys are acting properly, for their work is of great importance—" you cautiot be well if your kidneys are ill."

What The Kidneys Are and What They DO.----The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs lying beneath the small of the back (see ilrustration). They are composed of thousands or little filtering tubes through which the blood flows hundred of times a day to be filtered.

Enough poisonous waste gets into the blood every leic clays to cause death. Your kidneys alone can sare you. Erery .?4• hours they take out about 500 grains of poisonous waste and pints of water from the blood.

What Happens when the Kidneys are Weak.—The kidneys are s'.) delicate that the least cold, chill, ,train, or excess may affect them. Then they are likely to leave some of the poisonous kidney waste in the blood. This poisonous waste gets carried to all parts of the body ; makes you feel cull, heavy and irritable makes your back ache, your limbs ache and swell you may become rheumatic or dropsical, or suffer with the sharp pains of lumbago.

Kidney poison shows itself in the water, which may be cloudy or sandy. There may be pain in seeking relief, or you may be disturbed several times HI the night. The urinary channels may become clogged up with gravel, or stones may form in the kidneys and bladder.

Weiner), and even children, as well as men, are subject to kidney and bladder disorders.

Treatment—Patient should drink plenty of water to keep the urine dilute, and should take nothing that may excite the kidneys. A dose of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills after each meal, and before retiring at night, will help to clear the offending deposits from the kidneys and urinary system. This remedy is compounded from ingredients of the highest quality and absolute purity. It acts on the kidneys and bladder only, an,?:l is not intended for constipation or disorders of the digestive system.

matter, said "If you do as I tell you, you'll get off those sticks in a very short time.) " ; her advice was to try Doan's backache kidney pills, so my son sent for a box. I had not taken many doses of these before I could do without the sticks, and within a week I started work again: since then I've never had any trouble with my back. (Signed) " JosENI PrticE." Yearly 4 years later, Mr. Price said :—" I am pleased to say I have never had any return of the pains since I used Doan's pills.

Price 2;9 a box, six boxes 13/9; of all chemists and stores, or front Foster-McClellan. Co., 8, Wells-st., Oxford-st., London, W. Don't ask for backache or kidney pills—ask for DOAN'S Backache Kidney Pills, the same as Mr. Price had.

/01( " 1 i , L . i i 4 I/ /11 ( I I, . ,1,(7,-,-, ~) 1 . 0 \ I ) I , L___.... DIAGRAM showing the POSITI6A" of the KIDNEYS.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A WAF:HUIGTON Experierae:—

lir. J. Price lives at 46, Queen-street, Warring- tcn. He says : " Four years ago I ha.' an awful attack of lumbago. I got up ()Ike morning in terrible pain—l could scarcely get out of bed and dress myself, and the effort to get to work caused me to perspire, such agony was I in. Then I set out for home, but how I reached there I do not know, and the perspiration fairly rolled off me. "I had no use in the lower pArt of my body, my legs being powerless. The kidney excretions were unnatural. I got about with two sticks, and a neighbour seeing me and asking what was the

===== 0002601_19130201_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Backache • • .v • lib t: >VI kb Kidney

COMING OF AGE.

JUVENILE RECHABITES' CELEBRATIONS.

Interesting Presentations.

One of the most interesting events in the annals of the John Dimond tent 911, of the Juvenile Order of Rechabites, Warrington District, took place on Monday evening when the 21st anniversary of the tent was celebrated by a large number of members in the Friars Green schoolroom. The proceedings took the form of a tea and entertainment, at which, prizes were pre- sented to a number of children by Mrs Dodds of Penketh. Presentations were also made to Bros. Wright and Massey of barometers inscribed to the effect that they were given in appreciation of the 21 years service they had rendered as officers of the tent. For having passed through the various offices of the order Bro. Arthur Hamblett received a Chief Ruler's sash. The tea, which was well served, was partaken of by about IEO members and amongst others who assisted at the tables were the wives of the superintendents. At the entertainment Bro. W Wright presided and he was sunported by Mrs Dodds and members of the Order. In his opening remarks the CHAIRMAN said he was acting in the absence of Bro Lowe who was their superintendent. As one of the workers, he (the speaker), thought that for discipline, instruction and general conduct of the members the Fist year had been one of the best they had experieccel for a long time. Twenty- one iyears last November the John Dimond Juvenile Tent was instituted in connection with Charity Tent. At that time they found that. the early work of the Rechabites had practically died out in Warrington. It was therefore decided by the Charity Tent members to form and institute a juvenile tent. That institution took place about the 10th November, in the Brick-street Sunday school and about 20 members joined. The John Dimond Juvenile Tent had been interesting and progressive and they continued to grow until that tent held the premier position in the 3nvenile District, and to-day they had a member- ship of :100. Applause.) They had had more than that, but a number had been transferred to the Adult Tent, and that had somewhat lessened their ranks. From a humble beginning, they continued to advance and at the present time they had 12 or 13 juvenile tents in Warrington with over 1,000 members. (Applause.) Looking bark on such a record one saw that good work had been accomplished and it was a source of pride that that there were at least three present. that night who bad seen the whole 21 years with the tent. Two of them were superintendents at the commencement and were still in that position to-day. (Applause.) He was sure there was nothing which gave a man or woman greater pleasure than to look back on 21 years' service rendered in the noble cause of Temperance. (Hear,bear) The influence of that Rechabite movement had spread until, he helieved,it was the main temperance influence in the town to-day, (Hear, hear.) He hoped it would continue and increase in power. They were not as yet quite on the mountain top ; the drinking customs of our land were not entirely broken down. There was a great deal of sin and poverty and they would have to do much before they could siy that the temperance victory was won. They were out to send their temper- ance principles into hundreds of homes in Warrington in order that the people would be lifted up to a higher plane which would all he for the good of the whole town. 'Applause.) They had with them that night their friend and sister Mrs Dodds. They knew that she was not merely an ornament to their order but she was a helpful and willing worker in numerous respects Mrs Dodds, by her personal influence and character was a great pillar in their temperance movement. Applause).

===== 0002601_19130201_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE WINNERS.

The children who received prizes at the hands of Mrs Dodds were :—Frank Yates, Amy Jolley, Herbert Jolley. Sarah Jolley, Beatrice Ryder, Lucy Carey, Elsie Hardman, William Hardman, Alice Hardmao, John Hardmaa, Lily Hardman, Bessie Barton, Mary A Barton, James Lomas, F Lowe, T Lowe, Amy B Lowe, S Littlewood, F Littlewood, W Murray, H Murray, N Murray, S Murray, Rose Welford, Corwena, Jones, Harold Holfoni, James Scruton, Frank HoHord, Charles Sankey, E Ashworth, Charles Brookes, Arthur Davies, Harold Davies, H Spruce, F Spruce, Ernest Spruce, Albert Powell, Sam Littlewood, Ethel Clare, Harry Clare. N B M Davenport, Wm C Davenport, Mary H Barnes, Suzette Barnus, Sarah Barnes, Emily Scruton. Harold Scruton, Phyllis Lowe, Ethel Howard, Stanley Slater, A Wilkes, Ernest Buckley, Wm Lawton, May Woodland. Sister Ethel Clara was awarded a book prize, the gift of Mr Naylor, for introducing the largest number of members into the Tent during the year 1912. Mrs DoDD9, after presenting the prizes said that the temperance victory was not yet won. The boys and girls traine:l in the Rechabite juvenile tents, could assist in helping to secure that victory by remaining true to their pledge cad temperance principles until they reached ruanhoad. They would then he able to strengthen the forces of the temperance army and to strike a strong blow against the evils of the adrink traffic, and its direful results of crime, poverty and degradation, which would result in a complete victory for a sober tad happier condition of things in this country. (Artplaose). She complimented the workers on the splendid results of the teaching given in the tents and the success of the Rechabites order evidenced by snob a large number of the members present that night. She was glad to be present to see sa many to wish the John Dimond Juvenile Tent many happy returns of their 21st birthday. Councillor Bro James Shaw was called upon to make a presentation to Bro T Massey and William Wright of a barometer ach. The inscription was " Independent Order of Rechabites, John Dimond Juvenile Tent, instituted November 10th, 1891, in appreciation of 21 years service, as superintendent of the tent." The speaker said that he had a long connection with both of the iecipients and could speak with some authority and

DON'T Loox OLD—Keep the ravages of time at bay by darkening the grey streaks with LOCKYER'S SULPHUR HAIR RESTORER,which deepen sto a natural colour ins few days.Lockyer's maintains a youthful anpearance.Large bots everywhere. Post freell6. Bedford Laboratory, LorAcr. SE

===== 0002601_19130201_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON CITY AND MIDLAND BANK.

" DEAR " GOLD AND THE PRICE OF COMMODITIES.

The annual general meeting of the London City and Midland Bank Ltd., was held last kriday at the Cannon- street Hotel, London, E.C. Sir Edward Holden, Bart , chairman, presided, and in moving the adoption of the report he reviewed the salient conditious which bad prevai!ed and were now current in the leading money markets of the world. As regarded our own country, there was evidence on all sides that

===== 0002601_19130201_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE DAD BEEN _GOOD,

Having given an exhaustive review of the monetary conditions prevailing in the leading money markets of the world the Chairman pointed out that dear money increased the prices of commodities to the consumers, and drove down the prices of securities. The liabili- ties of the countries he had reviewed had increased in a greater ratio than their gold. In this country the rate nad been higher for the purpose of protecting our gold, and although we had had resources to a rate of 5 per cent., yet the proportion of our resource of gold to liabilities this year was about 3 per cent, lower than it was at the same time last year. Why had we and the above mentioned countries not been able to obtain and retain more gold? The answer was, he said, because it had been taken by India and if those other countries continued in future to increase their trade without being able to increase their gold, then a crisis similar to or even greater than, that in America in 1907 would assuredly take place. Which would cause loans to be called in, loans to be contracted, and great losses to ensue. Being face to face with these conditions, the Indi an question was one which ought to be thoroughly discussed, for during the last two and threequarter years, India had taken no less than 67 millions sterling of gold in bars and sovereigns and little of it had returned. He hoped the Secretary for State for India might be iuduced seriously to consider the question of appoint- ing without delay a fresh commission. not .only in the interests of this country, but also in the interests of all those countries which were now unable to obtain gold to nits:it their increase in trade,increasing liabilities and ia?reasing credit. There were serious dangers ahead and it had become a pressing necessity to provide protection against them. Finally the Chairman made a running commentary on the leading figures of the balance sheet. Their deposits at the end of 1911 were about £4,300,000 higher than at the end of 1910, and at the end of 1912 they were nearly six millions higher than at the end of 1911. Iu two years therefore, they had increased about 10 millions and now stood at £83,664,000. The progress of a Bank depended to a large extent on the increase of its deposits- Their profits for the year 1912, after making additions to their internal reserves amounted to £1,010,000. (Applause.) The interim dividend which they paid and the dividend they now proposed gave them 18 per cent. on the shares. They further paid the income tax amounting to £41,887, which was slightly over 1 per cent of their capital. They there- fore paid in respeci of dividend and income tax an amount equal to 19 per cent on their capital. They provided £160,000 for their investments, £50,000 for Bank Premises Redemption Fund, £20,000 for 011icers' Pension Fund, £10,01,0 for Stall Widows' Fund, carry- ing forward £133,000. He thought these figures spoke for themselves and he ventured to think their results for 1912 would meet with approval. (Applause.) 11e moved the adoption of the report. The resolution was seconded by the Deputy-Chair - man (Mr W G Bradshaw), and passed. The next resolution, declaring a dividend of £1 2s 6,1 per share, making with the interim dividend paiu for the half-year ended ;;Oth Juno last, 18 per cent. for the year free of income tax, was also passed. The retiring directors, Mr William Graham Bradshaw and Mr William Fitz Thomas Wyley, were re-elected. as elso were the auditors. Messrs Whinney Smith and Whinney. The usual complimentary resolutions to the Chair- man, Board of Directors, managers and stall were unanimously agreed.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MELBOURNE SAILS.

The Melbourne, the first protected cruiser built at the expense of. the Commonwealth Government of Australia, left Plymouth Sound on Thursday on her voyage to the Antipodes. She takes out with her a large number of men of the Imperial Navy, who have transferred to the Colonial service.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD BOYS.

ANNUAL DINNER AT THE GRAMMAR

SCHOOL.

ALDERMAN BENNETT AND THE COUNCIL

"An Ugly Mirror."

Happy memories of school days were conjured up on Saturday evening by "old boss" of the Boteler Grammar School who gathered to show their affection for the honoured school in which their boyhood was spent and to cement the frierdshipi formed in those early years. The re-union was the eleventh of its kind and the excepticnally large attendance was a proof of the increasing popularity of the function. It was also a complete justification of the departura made by the committee in arranging the dinner for a Saturday evening, for the ( hoice f date SE emed to meet the general convenience much mole crmpletely than on any previous occasion. It is also an exceedingly happy idea to meat within the walls of the old s(hrol its-elf, for the sentimental associations which play so large a part in the pro- motion of such a gathering are thereby consider-0)1y emphasised. The President for this year is Mr E A White and among other prominent guests were : Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., Bev E C E Carleton, Rev. Horace Gray (headmaster), Alderman A Bennett, Mr Roger C Parr, Mr J Moore Nlurray (director of educa- tier)); Mes-rs. Cl:as S Burgess, Vele B Davies and C D Parkinson (past presidents), J H Smethurst (chairman of committee), Leonaid Pierp.. jut (hon. treasurer), and Stanley Walton (hon. secretary). Dinner was served by the Winrnarleigh Cafe Co., the catering giving every satisfaction. The toast cl "The King " as honoured on the proposition of the PRESIDENT. THE WILLCOCKS I\IEIIIOMM, FUND.

Mr 3 II S'ivlETHl.7iisT submitted the toast of the frunder—" The pious memory of Sir Thomas Boteltr," and took the opportunity of referring to the WilicEcks Memorial Fond. He puinted out that they bad the sum of .4.,“"25 invested in the Warrinpton Corporation at 3?, per cent., and they had also £l6 10s in Parr's lien, making a total of £241 los ltd. For the first time in the history of the fund, they had bad an application this year to make a grant to abey who was leaving the sChool for one of the Universities. On the recom- mendation of the Headmaster they decided to grant a boy named Woodcock the sum Of £25, pa, able in three instalments. He believed the Rev E J Wincocks would have desired no rnors fitting perpetuation of his memory than that way of helping deserving boys--and he (Mr. Smethurst) believed Woodcock was a most dee erving boy who would do credit to the old school. (Applause ) Re'terring te the provision of an annual prize by the "old boys," Mr. Smethurst said the committee felt that, the prize should be guaranteed for at leaq, two or thief) yews, and accordiugly those " Old Buys" who could not attend the dinner were-invited to contribute 2s each The sum of £3 15s had been raised •in that nay. The committee had also been considering the possibility of altering the constitution of their organisation. At the present time they had an Old Boys' Union without a membership end the suegestion was that they should have a definite Union with a definite subscription of a small amount and a definite membership. The com- mittee agreed that the sooner they could come to an arrangement of that kind, the better. The Headmaster would, no doubt, use his influence with boys leaving school to induce them to join the Old Boys' Union and they would then have no difficulty in blinding up a real Union which would he of value to all who chose to enrol themselves. (Applause). The toast WbS honoured in solemn silence. "PROSPERITY TO THE SCHOOL."

THE EDUCATIONAL VALUE OF NOT WORKING. The PRESIDENT, in proposing " Prosperity to the school " gave a witty speech full of interesting reminiscences of his own school days which went back to 1876. On the general question of education, he said they used to hear a great deal of argument as to the value of various subjects taught in the schools. There had been repeated discussions as to whether the educa- tional value of the classics or of the higher mathematics was sufficient to justify their continuance. There was, however, one phase of the abject which he never heard discussed, and that was : What is the educational value of not working at all ? (Laughter.) It might sound a hit strange, hut if they followed out the idea care- fully, they would find that in schools there was a con- siderable educational value in not working. When a boy, he was told that education did not mean what they put into a boy, but what they brought out of him, and that the classics and various branches of the higher mathematics were useful in the same way the gymnastic exercises were useful—the one. to educate and train the brain and the other to develop the muscles. Mr White then in a humourous way alluded to the " excellent mental training " which the unwilling boy received in evolving ingenious schemes for neglecting hiw home lessons and creating the impression that be was as well-informed as the more diligent pupil. In school life generally the school master and the boy were natural reemies—(laughter)— and in the waging of that very properly enmity, the boy got a good training for the battle of life. He became accustomed to facing failure and taking "lickings"—a training which he would find exceedingly useful when he undertook the serious business of life. He would also learn how to extricate him- self from tight corners. (Laughter.) On the whole, although the scholastic attainments of the boy who would not work might not be very high, his experiences in some cases accounted for h " by does a brilliant school toy often turn le: n oriudtdafailure in after-life, while the boy who is not brilliant at school is found to achieve success?" In school life, unfortunately, there was a strong tendency to remember the things one ought to forget, and to forget the things one ought to remember. %%hen the late Lord Winrnarleigh hart attained the age of 70, be (the speaker), had the privilege of conversing with him on several Occasions and his lordehip favoured him with a few anecdotes of his early days. The only story he related of his school life, however, was bow he played truant in order to watch the Princess Charlotte's funeral procession and how be got flogged for doing it. He (Mr White) gathered that in after-life his lordship thought it was well worth it. (Laughter.) "We used to wonder in our school days" continued Mr White "why those wretched people wrote those classics. (Laughter.) We had a special grudge against Cwsar. We thought he was such an awfully conceited chap,always telling us what he did. (Laughter.) It was quite enough to have done those things without writing about them. (Laughter.) We were also told that a certain number of the books of Euclid had been lost, and we thought it a very unreasonable thing that a similar fate bad not befallen the whole of them. (Laughter.) As T understand they have abolished Euclid from most of the schools, we were only indulging in intelligent anticipation. (Laugh ter.)The most humorous thing that over happened in school in my day was during a hot summer afternoon, when the whole school was in this room, busily engaged in an examination. The door opened straight on to the playground and in the middle of the afternoon the headmaster's pony gravely walked in, looked in en intelligent manner round the schooleossed up his head in disgust end walked out by the other door. I never heard such a hearty burst of laughter in school during the whole of the time f was there, and I think the boys agreed with the pony that we were very foolish in spending a lovely summer afternoon in that way, although we thought he did not understand that we were only doing it because we were compelled. " (Laughter.) Having referred to the glamour which surrounded school life in after years, Mr White said it was natural for " old boys " to cherish the illusion that things were better in their day than they are now. Viewing the matter seriously,however, they must admit that progress had been made and they all sincerely hoped that the school—removed at no very distant date to a better situation—would continue to prosper. (Applause.) The REV HORACE GRAY acknowledged the toast. He said that as part of a general knowledge paper recently set at the school he asked the question : " What would you say in response to the toast, 'Prosperity to the school '" ? He thought such a question might excite the minds of young Botelerians but, to his astonishment, he got only two answers out of the whole school. Air Gray read one of the answers which harked back to the days when the school had only three masters—including a writing master who received .£lO a year—and 30 boys. To-day there were eight masters—all University men—and 130 boys. (Applause). Having commended the effort to encourage the spirit of comradeship between old Botelerians, Mr Gray touched upon the many differ- ing theories advanced on the question of education, and said that only the other day he read an article in which it was laid down as a fact that no great chess player ever made a successful business man There were two great ideals of education—and they were as far apart as the poles. One was repression and the other was guidance. They had probably rill had experience of the master who taught with a long switch on the top of his desk and when he asked a question' the boys had to respond as quickly as it took to say Jack Robinson, or the switch descended. (Laughter.) With the rank and file repression had been largely ttied, but the teacher who adopted the methods of guidance was the one who in time to come would succeed. It was not generally realized that no man could make another learn anything, if he did not wish to learn it. The lot of the idler might be made so difficult and disagreeable that he would appear to learn, hut the knowledge he acquired was very superficial and when the repressive power NVIS removed, that which he had stored by also disappeared. There were many pupils in some schools who were in such a mood that they would learn nothing, except under compulsion. He did not think there were many boys of that type in the Boteler Grammar School. It was not easy for boys to escape, but where that type of pupil did exist, it was largely due to bad training. In the majority of cases, that bad

training was to be attributed to the parents, and it was sometimes followed up by the school master. The school had to put up with those scholars, but it could never make a success of them unless some happy tnuch came to the pupil's will and he wanted to learn. What they wanted to do was to use the boys' natural instincts. In this connection Air Gray commended the direct method of teaching languages and history—the text book being used as a suggestion, and the boy becoming an active unit in the lessons. Finally be quoted the following line., written by a BGtelerian., which be thought fittingly represented the feelings of "old boys" tows:cis the school --

Sail on, 0 splendid in your vast resolve ! The goal draws near—lint say, cen ye forget With ne'er a sigh the lov'd things left?—Those eycs, Betray they not some stirring of regt et ? (Applause.) A c,dlection was then made in aid of the "old boys'" prize fund nod realized £-1 7s. making, with the amount sent by those who were unable to attoud the dinner, a total of 1:8 2.

"-PROSPERITY TO THE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON."

Mr A.E BowEN proposed "Prosperity to the County Borough of Warrington." His speech consisted chiefly of a recapitulation of the salient features of the history of the town, special reference being made to the work of the Roteler family and to the erection of successive Warringtcn bridges. Mr Bowen also alluded to the tar-off days when Warrington not only supplied neight oaring towns with fruit and vegetables, tut exported potatoes to the Meditcrreuesn. Wairington ranked as one of the earliest manufacturing towns in Lancashire, the produc- tion of linen and sail cloth being two of its earliest industries. Air. Bowen remarked on the s,all wages received by the workers in three early times. Women were paid 2d a day for spinning, and men got an average of lba a week. Women received 23 6d a week for wind- ing and men 7s a week for warping. Men were paid 9s a week for weaving, and women got 55 and boys 3s 6d. At shoc-inaking an average wage of 9s per week could I e earned. With retard to the cost of living, cheese was bought at :;b.d. a pound, beef at 3d., bacon at milk at 21. a quart, while ',louse rent ranged lion, 205., to 303. a year. Referring to the Warrington of to-day the speaker expressed satisfaction at the efforts of the Education Committee to promote the health of the school children and especially commended the appoint- ment of a school dental officer. Trade at the present time was booming and the reason why such prosperity was to be valued was that it brought happiness to the people. (Applause.) ALDERMAN BEI\TNETT'S CHARACTERISTIC SpEEe El. THE COUNCIL AS AN "UGLY MIRROR."

Alderman BENNETT in responding, said he was very much struck with two phases in the history of the lioteler family—the devotion with which they dis- charged !heir duty to the State arid to their native town. There was hardly a battle during the three or four hundred years in which the Botelers were at their prime, in which they did not take part. Warrirgton owed a great debt to the family for their local activities. They were identified with the Church, the Friary and the earlier Warrington bd They established our weekly markets which went back ack four or five hundred years and which were still held on the original dsy (Wednesday). They also founcled.our fairs which had practically fallen into disuse, after a course of some centuries. In the year 1300 they won for Nlarringter. its Magua Charta which secured to the inhaLitents privileges which, in their „y, were elmcst as important as those secured by the Magna Cherta wrung by the Barons front King John. Last, but by no means least, they founded tuat ancient institution. the Grammar School. Impressing upon his hearers the cksirability of following out the old Boteler traditions, the Alderman said there was a magni- ficent, field for public activity in the locality in which they lived. He sometimes thought many of their modern citizens—even old Butelerians—were somewhat blind to that phase of public duty. National duty perhaps appealed to them more prominently and, of course, there was more limelight about it. But it was not one whit more important than local duty. If they really desired to promote the prosperity of the town, and it all their perorations were not to he mere empty words, they ought to try to identify themselves with local lite and to do something for it. He said it with great regret, but be was sure there was a great lack of public spirit in Warrington—except at football matches and that kind of thing. (Laughter.) They were ready enough to show their pride in Warrington when paying a certain number of men to fight their battles in the field of sport, and they thought Warring- ton was winning great glory by achievements of that character. Put he did not think there was much glory in it ; the whole business was too mercenary. flow many were really prepared to wake sacrifices for the town ? Take the subject of public generosity—it was absolutely lamentable. They had had instances to the contrary from friends who had been with them at that festive board but, speaking generally, how little the RICH MEN OF WARRINGTON did for us ! Those great benefactions that we read of in similar towns—how few and far between they were in \Narrington. Len again, the Lumber of townspeople who took part in municipal service was pitifully limited The disgraceful scenes occurring in the Town Council were common talk on every trait:near and in every haunt of local life. Whose fault was it ? It was the fault of every old Boteleriaa and of every citizen of Warrington. "The Town Council " continued the alderman" is what you make it. If you don't like the picture, it is your own reflection. You see the image of yourselves in that ugly mirror. I ask you to improve the imago and then yon will see a better reflection. The people elect the Council and if the Council is not worthy of the town—and I sometimes feel it is not—it is the fault of the citizens themselves, and particularly the fault of those who have the ability, knowledge' energy and enterprise and who are too selfish to devote their time to the public service." Continuing he implored all who felt any vocation for public service to enter it. He could not help harking back to the old days very longingly and sometimes with a feeling of great regret, because while there were many things in Warrington to-clay of which they were legitimately proud there were other featnres of which they hid no occasion to be proud. We had "black rain from black skies," the roofs of the houses seemed to run with black sweat which, in turn, ran into a black river. In some quarters there were black and dirty streets, with grimy people. While we boasted about our wealth and menutacturing prosperity, we ought to be ashamed that such things sere possible—that side by side with wealth, there were the slums which existed in Warrington, that we had whole wards in which there was not a single open space, that we had lost the sense of civic beauty and artistic taste, that we had no statues no monuments and few fine public buildings. Under such circumstances wEAf.TH WAS A MOCKERY, a disgrace and a discredit to us. The more wealthy and prosperous we were, the more degraded we were, unless we used that wealth to the best advantarge. Until we had wiped slums away and made the town a decent, livable place, in which the citizens might find oppor- tunities for a healthy, natural life, we had no reason to plume ourselves. We had yet to learn a new method of valuing things. The mere piling up of tremendous fortunes, the mere spread of a town, the growth of its population and the multiplication of industries, were not sufficient, unless those things were accompanied by the higher things for which the school and educational institutions generally stood. Many of our modern towns, in spite of all the false pride which they had in their prosperity and progressosould disgrace an uncivilized community; they were absolute blots on the face of England. It was not necessary that manufactures should carry with them the slum, squalor, and filth that we saw around us in Warrington. Those present could do something to remedy the conditions by sending the right people to the Council, by personal service on those authorities, and by personal sacrifice. He would infinitely rather see evidences of that real activity and public spirit than hear any amount of beautiful words about the town and its past. (Applause.) They must strive to make the future of the town worthy of its splendid past. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19130201_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE PRESIDENT."

The health of "The President "was honoured on the proposition of 1.«.1r. SEGAR OIVEN, who described Mr. White as a true sportsman and scholar, and instanced the fact that when he pawed the examination for his profession he was third in all England. (Applause). A choice musical programme was submitted, the opening item being a pianoforte duet—Schubert's 'Marche Militaire," which was admirably played by Mr F M Darby, Mos. Bac., and Mr W H Payton, Mils. Bac. Songs were given in pleasing style by the Rev Horace Gray, Mr J W Bibby and Mr P 0 Bailey. Mr A E Bowen read an interesting paper aritten by a friend, describing a visit to Grappenhall and a talk with a local "character." Dr Law was, as usual, higly popular in his dramatic recitations. Mr W H Payton played the accompaniments very tastefully.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
valuable for nursing mothers.

Mother and baby are both benefited when mother takes Horlick's. It Ki increases the flow of milk and en- ri sures it being rich in nourishment.

Maintains health, prevents fatigue, saves trouble, and is economical. Can be taken at any hour—simply add hot or cold water.

116,2/6 & 111-,at. all Chemists, Grocers & Stores Write Debt; 98 !int. Free Sample and Bookiet HORLICK'S MALTED MILE CO., Slough, Bucks.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
4ALTED MILK

-IWiliwz,7,,-..

===== 0002601_19130201_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIL OR CHURCH SCHOOLS?

NONCONFORMIST OBJECTION TO PROPOSED TRANSFER. The Question of Religious Teaching.

It is very seldom indeed that the religious difficulty is raised in the Warrington Echication Committee, but it cropped up on Monday evening on the proposal of the School Management Committee to close Cairo- street (Infants) Council School and to transfer the teachers and scholars to the Holy Trinity (Church) Schools. The chief points of debate were as to whether the teachers to be transferred would be expected to give Church teaching and whether the wishes of the parents had bi en consulted. Councillor H Roberts presided and there were also present :—Mr A J jolley (deputy chairman), Aldermen Bennett. James Evans and Smethurst, Councillors Archer, Birtles, Dickenson, Jenkins Lindley, Osborne, Pemberton and Wilkinson, Revs U 'C Briggs and N Wilson, Messrs R T Fairclough, J Jarman, H Kingdon, t.; E Parker, F Roberts, J Roberts, J M Murray (director) and F It Roberts (assistant director). At a meeting of the School Management Committee communications were read from the managers of the Trinity School making a proposal, in view Of the con- siderable reduction in the number of scholars now attending the school, as to the possibility of opening a portion as an infants' division. The committee recommended that, subject to the concurrence of the manaeers and the appioval of the Board of Education (a) the Trinity School be continued as a division for senior mixed scholars as at present, with the existing staff ; (b) the Cairo-street temperary (infants') Council School be closed ; and (c) an infants' division be formed at the Trinie y School, the existiug staff of the Cairo-street temporary (infants') Council School being offered transference thereto on theft existing terms of service. Mr Uesors, in submitting the minutes, said that to disarm any criticism of the fact that they were closing a Council school and transferring the staff, and pro- bably most of the children, to a non-provided school, he would point out that the Cairo-street school hart been condemned for four years in succession by the Medical Officer of Health, because of its insanitary condition. The Medical Officer had reported again and again that the children's health was endangered by their being taught in the school and the structural arrangements were such as to make it impossible for the sanitary conditions to he improved. That having been pointed out on four different occasions, the com- mittee were not prepared to take the risk of keeping 120 to 130 infants in a building so strongly condemned. Owing to the opening of the Evelyn-street Council Schools, the number of scholars attending the Trinity School had been very seriously reduced. Ot course it was impossible to build a new Couticil school which would cover only the immediate requirements at the moment for any given district. Provision was made at Evelyn- street for 1,260 and probably 500 or COO required accommodation in the locality, which adversely affected the attendance in some other neighbouring schools. The numbers in the Trinity School were reduced to SO on the books. Therefore, there was a large waste of space. If they were to find Cannon school accommodation for the infants et Cairo-street they must build. It was impossible to find land upon which to build in that district and the committee thought it was expedient tc try to make some arrange- ment with the Trinity managers, so that they could take over the Cairo-street staff and form a new infants' department there, particularly when it was remembered that the Trinity managers had surrendered an infants' department in Liverpool-road, as a consequence of the Evelyn-street schools beiug opened. He moved that the proposal be accepted. The Rev Father Winsoer seconded. Mr 1, It ROBERTS moved that the minute be referred back. The suggestion was more serious than appeared on the surface. It was a distinctly retrograde step to transfer children from a Council school to a voluntary non-provided school. Had the transfer been in the reverse direction he would have heartily supported it 'lt had to be borne in mind that the infants NS ho would be sent to the Trinity School had been originally sent to Cairo-street as a Council school. The parents doubt- less had exercised some choice in the matter, and had selected Cairo-street because it wai a Council school,free from religious tests, and it would have a disturbing influence on the educational system of the town that such a transfer should now be made. The feelings of the parents of the children and the feelings and opinions of the teachers whom it was proposed to transfer had to be considered. Had the committee taken into con- sideration the objections that parents and children might possibly haw) to transfer ? It was all very well to say that -Trinity School was the only place where accommodation could be found. He should like to be satisfied on that point. Surely there were buildings in the neighbourhood of Cairo-street which might be utilized and he wondered whether any inquiries on that point had been made. It was a much too serious busi- ness to be dismissed in a light, off-hand way. It was desirable that the fullest consideration should be given to the points he had raised and he therefore moved that the whole question be referred back to the committee.

Alderman BENN'ETT, in seconding the amendment,said be thought the point was deserving of further con- sideration. Whether the proposal was a retrograde step or not he was not prepared to say. To many, possibly, it might have that appearance but he did not think tbe committee ought to adopt the minute with- out the fullest information and every consideration. Mr JARMAN inquired whether in case of the transfer being carried out the infants' department would be absolutely under Church control? The CHAIRMAN : 1 take it the teachers and scholars would be in precisely the same relation to the managers as their present teachers and scholars.

Alderman SMETH URST : Exactly. - Mr JARMAN : That is of course, that they will be under the managers of the Church school and they will be compelled to teach Church subjects as required,such as the Catechism.

The CHAIRMAN : Unless special arrangements are made to the contrary, undoubtedly Mr R T FAIRCLOUGH disagreed with the attitude and views of Mr Roberts, who he considered was sub- mitting his amendment too much on religious grounds. A Church school was to be transferred to a Council school at Latchford, and the managers of tie Christ Church School were not contemplating raising any such points as that; they were approaching the position simply from the point of view of the benefit of the community and of the children. (Mr JOLLEY : Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that the retrograde step would be to act upon the views of Mr F Ft Roberts who ought to show a more open mind on the vitally impor- tant point of the children's health. Churchpeople might have something to say in regard to Christ Church School if that step were taken in regard to the school in question. Alderman BOLTON said there were vacancies in Evelyn-street school and those parents who desired could send their children there. If Holy Trinity School was the only place available for a transfer, it would be much more desirable to make use of it than to leave things in their present unsatisfactory state. It was practically a case of Hobson's choice, and he thought thanks were duo to the committee for trying to make satisfactory arrangements in difficult circum- stances. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Councillor ARCHER said the children's health should be the primary consideration. Father WILSON asked wh3ther in the event of the transferred teachers objecting they would be required to give religiou3 instruction ? 'Vie DIRECTOR: The managers said that the matter would be arranged to suit the convenience of the teachers. _ _ _

Father Wir,sox : The wish of the teachers? The DIRECTOR : Yes. Councillor JENKINS : And the parents ? Mr liINGDON said if that were so—if there was an authoritative statement which could be embodied in the arrangements, it would dispose of the objection. He should support the proposal on health grounds. Mr C E PARKER asaed if the Director could tell them whether there was any objection on the part of the parents. If there was any objection on the part of the teachers or the parents it raised a very important issue. The committee recognised that it was pretty well a case of Hobson's choice. It was very undesir- able to keep the children in the condemned school if there was accommodation available near at hand. At the same time the points he had mentioned ought to be cleared up. The DIRECTOR replied that at present there were no objections from either, but lie did not know how fair it was to say that for the teachers, because they had not had any opportunity of objecting. With regard to the parents, the committee could not compulsorily transfer children from one school to another ; it rested with the parents to say which school the children should attend. Councillor PEMBERTON understood from Mr Murray that the teachers would not be called upon to give religious instruction. The CHAIRMAN: No. The value of Mr Murray': statement only amounts to this :--A manager has o some managers have assured him that that point would

be taken into consideration in regard to the service. Councillor PEMBERTON : Well, make it a condition The CHAIRMAN: Exactly, I agree. Councillor PEMBERTON : Then if that condition 15 made everything is safeguarded ? The CHAIRMAN said the matter was not quite !SO simple as it appeared on the face of the minute, and in order to safeguard the interests concerned he suggested that if the proposal was for the present with- drawn and the conditions were carefully considered a satisfactory agreermnt mi At be arrivea at. Cooncillor PEMBERTON : There is no immediate hurry, is there ? '1 he CHAIRMAN: No. Councilior DICKENSON argued that the parents had not the freedom of choice that had been repre- sented. A child might be forced into a school because there was not accemmodation in the locality in which it lived, or where the parent selected it should attend. Toe DIRECTOR : Children are not forced into any particular school. Tne choice of school rests with the parents, E o long as there is accommodation. Couneillor DieKENsoN : But whea there is no accommodation, you are going to force the child into a school. The DIRECTOR: Yes, into some other school, but we do not choose the scnool. The CHAIRMAN: The choice of the parent is limited by the accommodation. Mr F R Ronsirrs said he was informed that the reason children attended the Cairo-street school from outside areas was because it had always been regarded as a feeder to the Arpley-street school. Father WILSON said it, seemed to him that if the Cairo-street school were closed the parents would have the same liberty of selection as any other parents. In the present state of affairs many chddren had to travel considerable distances to school, but that would not be so regrettable as to keep them in an insanitary building He was glad several speakers had emphasised a principle very dear to him, that the parents should be consulted as to the school which the children should attend. He hoped that would be always borne in mind. It seemed very desirable that it should be ascertained with certaintywhat would be required of the teachers. He could see serious objection to forcing teachers to leave a Council school and to go to a non-provided school where they would be asked to give religious teaching to which they might have reasonable objection. From that point of view alone, he supported the amendment. Mr UtesoN said the Cairo-street School must be closed It then became the duty of the committee to suggest an alternative. The School Management Committee refused to have the responsibility of carrying on the school any longer in face of the serious reports as to its insanitary condition. However, after hearing the views of several speakers, he felt there was a certain amount of difficulty and objection in carrying out the transfer without first ascertaining whether the teachers were prepared to give religious instruction which they woula no doubt be asked to give. He had the fullest confidence in the managers of the Trinity School that they would not require as a condition that those teachers should give definite denominational instruction He did not know the teachers, except the headmistress, and whether they might or might not be prepared to give such teaching. It would be an easy matter for the managers to arrange for the instruction to be given by teachers holding their particular views. In view of the discussion,he believed he would be fulfilling the wishes of the School Management Committee by withdrawing the minute in order that provisions might be made for safeguarding the interests of all concerned. The CirmILMAN thanked Mr Upson for having with- drawn the minute as he (Councillor Roberts) had found himself in considerable difficulty on the point. The teachers' Perms of service were with the Corporation and there was no restriction or obligation upon them, to give religious instruction of the kind referred to, so that re ally they would have been asked to enter a service, the conditions of which were entirely different from those under which they were onga,,ed. Whether the teachers objected or not it WWI the committee's duty at any rate to see that the conditions were not materially altered without their consent or approval. Treece was also the question of the children who were attending a school where n a sectarian religion was taught. It might be the wish of the parents that they attended such a school. All parents did not like to be put to the unpleasantness of claiming exemption from religious instruction under the conscience clause. It was an invidious position for any person to 0,, pvb if it could be avoided, and he quite understood that many parents would send their children to nueenomina- tional schools to escape the necessity of having to declare themselves in that way. The minute was accordingly withdrawn. TEACHERS' SALARIES INCREASED. The minutes of the School Nianaeement C ammittee recommended increases of salary 'to 191 elementary school teachers in accordance with scale, as from April Ist. Mr UesoN explained that the increases in the aggre- gate amounted to £990. That did not mean for a moment that they were-going to pay .000 more than last year. The increase was more apparent than real, because the total amount which the committee would be paying would be practically the same as twelve months ago. assuming that they had the same number of teachers in their employ. They had rescued that point in the aGlininistration of the scale where the increases which would take effect on April Ist were balanced by the fact that a considerable and growing number of teachers were reaching the maximum, a considerable number of those at the top were leaving to marry, or to take up new appointments, and their places were taken by young teacuers who began at the minimum. As a matter of fact in 1913 they would be paying .£BBO more in salaries than was paid in 1912, but that would be because they had eight additional certified teachers (including a headmaster) in tLeir service through the opening of the Evelyn-street School. They were not paying any more per head of the staff employed than in 1912.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19130201_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN AND ANIUSENIENTS.

It was reported to the School Attendance Committee that the Watch Committee had made arrangements with the proprietors of all places of amusement, in the borough to exclude all children under 14 from seconl evening performances. SCEIOOLS OVERCROWDED. At the meeting of the School Attendance Committee, communications were submitted from the Board of Education, calling attention to the excess of the average attendance during the past school year over the recognised accommodation in the Christ Conrail, St.. Barnabas' (mixed department) and St. Mary's (boys' and girls' department) Schools. Tne replies which had been sent were approved. The Board of Education also wrote that the grant for the Silver-street Wesleyan School for the past school year would be paid in full, but that a deduction would to made from the grant conditionally due on the 30th September, 1913, if the average attendance then still exceeded the accom- modation unless substantial progress had oy that time been made with the provision of accommodatibm to relieve the school by the erection of the proposed. Oliver-street School.

Mr PfatisTos: drew attention to the repeited threats. which the Board of Education had made to reduce grants because of overcrowding in several schools. He said that the threat with regard to St. Mary's had been carried out, and they had been penalized to the extent of $.:30. There were further complaints with reference to Silver-street and St. Barnabas' Sch iota, while at Hamilton-street School they suffered a reduction of £4O last year, and they were fearing a still greater reduction during the present year. He therefore urged upon the Sites and Buildings Committee to proceed with the utmost possible expedition with the erection of the contemplated new Council schools At the same time he appealed to members to refrain from silly and foolish blocking motions which impeded pro- gress and hampered the work of the Sites and Build- ings Committee. Resolutions were sometimes repeat- edly brought before the committee which at the finish resulted in nothing but a waste of time. Ha asked in future that no obstructive tactics should he employed, but that all would join in assisting forward the work of the Sites and BuAdings Committee. Councillor BIRTLKS seconded.

Alderman BOLTON assured Mr Plinston that the Sites and Buildin2s Cimmittee were idling all they possibly could to push forward the erection of the new schools to relieve the overcrowding, but. they ,13. d architects, the land question, and "a few other obstreperous things of that sort to deal with." (Laughter). Councillor PEMBER.TON did not chink it fair to put the blame on the Sites and Buildings Committee and other people, because the Board of Education was largely rosponsibie for the slow progress. The Board continually imposed new restrictions, and kept altering the conditions, and when questions were addressed to the Board the officials at London took weeks to reply. With regard to the hint at alleged obstructive tactics, he should continue to oppose anything that was wrong and improper, and the only way to obviate that opposi- tion was to carry on the business in a proper way.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DENTAL CLINIC.

The committee agreed to the granting of a honorarium of twenty guineas to Mr Hadley 1-I Taylor for additional services rendered in connection with the dental clinic.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
GIRL HEROINE DROWNED.

May Estate, aged 10, a girl boarded out by the Dundalk Union, was drowned on Thursday afternoon when attempting to rescue Patrick Mullin, aged 7, from a pond at Kilcurry. When Mullin fell into the water the girl jumped in to -rescue him. Both were drowned.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
fatu first beat revel shoe

===== 0002601_19130201_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
[H

===== 0002601_19130201_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY " OVALIST."

It is rarely that a team gets beaten by 27 points to 7, and yet gives such satisfaction to its supporters as did the Wirepullers last Saturday at Wigan. They played a rare good game, and it was only when Dickinson damaged his knee just before the interval that the home team could claim any substantial advantage. lip to this the Warrington forwards had dominated the play by their all round brilliance, and Wigan spent most of their time defending. But Dickinson's injury necessitated Skelhorne leaving the pack, which just gave the Wigan men the opportunities to push home their attack they had so far lacked.

At half-time Wigan only held the mode3t lead of 11 points to 7, and had had by far the worst of the game' But the ultimate end was sure. The five Warrington forwards could not hope to hold the opposition to the end,and in the closing stages points came rapidly from the speedy Wigan backa. But it was not till three- quarter time that Warrington really cracked-up under the unequal pressure. They might easily have taken the lead early in the second half when Tranter was robbed over the line after a brilliant solo effort. Once they got going, the Wigan men played orilliantly, but I should like to have se.rul Warrington finish the game with all their men fit. It would be a novelty, if nothing else, at Central Park-,which has always been an unlucky ground for Warrington players.

Once again chief praie must go to the six doughty forwards of Warrington. Their pace on the heavy ground was surprising, and the opinion was candidly expressed by the Wiganers that Warrington's was the finest pack seen there for some years. It is remarkable how they have trained on and much is due ti the fortunate circumstance that they have all been lucky to escape injury and thus maintain their excellent combination. The way they opened out and followed the ball was admirable and it must be a long time since the burly Sharrocks was so often captured in possession.

What Warrington lacked was pace behind to finish off the fine work of the forwards. The halves did very well but the threequarter line was at the mercy of the Wigan fliers when it came to a question of getting points. On the defence the Warrington backs were " A 1" and until they had a numerical superiority the Wiganers found the barrier to the goal-line practically impassable, not-withstand- :mg their speed and cleverness. Renwick seemed quite out of place on the wing and did nothing at all, but on the opp ,site flank Williams looked well after Bradley, and the fair-haired successor to Ley- tham had the novel experience of failing to get a single point in the 27. He has been averaging three tries a week lately. But few teams have pushed Wigan harder than/Che Wirepullers this Reason.

To-day, Warrington pay the return visit to Le>eds, who got such an eye-opener as to the virility of the Warrington forwat ds on the last Saturday of the old year. The odds, this time, are cert-tinly on the Yorkshiretnen, who have accounted for the Wirepullers regularly at Headingley for some time. We do better there in cup-ties. But the watch is by no means a certainty for Leeds, and on current form the Warring- ton lads should have a fair chance of earning their 'first points in Yorkshire. They will be at full strength with the exception of Dickinson and Brooks, and I am hopeful that they may create a surprise.

The selected team is : Jolley, full back ; Davies, Trainer, Renwick, and Williams, three-quarters ; Nicholas and Daintith, half backs; Thomas, tlhesters, -Skelhorne, Fearnley, Cox and R Thomas, forwarc's.

The League table up-tq-date is as follows : For. Agst. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c'nt'gp. Hud'ileld `ll 19 2 0... 63114 468...23 25 121... 9,147 Wigan 22... 19 3 0... 77113 493...30 31 162... 8636 Broughton 19 12 3 4... 29 40 178...12 18 78... 7368 Hull K.R 22 15 6 1... 61 69 329...37 44 206... 7045 Salford q 3 14 6 0... 25 39 167...14 27 109... 7000 Dewsbury 22 14 7 1... 45 83 339...32 37 175... 65.90 Hunslet l4 7 1... 50 69 307...34 31 161... 6590 Wakefield T 23 13 8' 2... 36 63 261...36 58 216... 6086 Oldham 19 11 7 1... 39 52 231...33 55 165... 6052 Batley 90 11 9 0... 37 50 221...25 32 147... 5500 Swinton '. .00 10 9 1... 30 40 180...18 37 147... 52.50 Lem,. 02 11 10 1 41 42 208. 31 48 212... 5227 Whdale H. 20 9 9 2... 29 55 223...22 31 137... 50.00 1/..aarritigton 21 10 10 1... 27 30 144...27 39 171... 5000 r dford 22 10 11 1... 28 31 149...26 59 202... 47.72 Hull 22 9 It. 2... 25 36 158...33 61 219... 45'45 Widnes 91 9 11 1... 35 57 241...41 54 244... 45.23 Halifax 2l 811 2._ 23 43 175...38 52 232... 4285 St Helena 23 9 13 1... 35 53 229...37 50 221... 4130 Leigh ....... l9 7 12 0... 13 27 107...27 3i 165... 3681 York l9 5 14 0... 21 36 150...41 67 283... 26.31 Runcorn _2l 5 16 0... 24 29 135...43 71 299... 23.80 Barrow 00 4 15 15 32 126...40 60 260... 22.0 13ramley 2O 415 1... 21 27 123...45 91 363... 22.50 Keighley l7 313 1... 16 21 95...38 54 238... 2058 Coventry lB 017 1... 17 24 100...76131 545... 2.77

The "A " team will —be at home in a Combination fixture with Huddersfield " A," who will make their first appearance at Wilderspo.l. They were lucky to beat the Wirepullers away, and we are looking-to a reversal of the result to-d,y. After last Saturday's shocking display, Mclntyre has been deposed, and through the injury of Brown, the full back position is placed in Jordan's care, while Rushton will make a re-appearance at threequarter.

Warrington have this week re-signed Berry, the Young Warrington back who went to Evertor' after a short experience of the N.O game. He will turn out to-day at threequarter.)

The "A" team is : Jordan ; Clare,Rußbton, Hudson and Berry ; A Brown and Douglas ; Naylor, Harmer, Critchley, Gibbs, Arnold and Blundell (a private in the King's Liverpool Regiment, who has been training for a trial at Warrington.

Neg9tiations were completed yesterday for the transfer of James Tilley to Runcorn, whose regular full back is on the injured list.

TO-DAY'S MATCHES. Bran:ley v Hull Kingston Rovers Broughton Rangers v Leigh Coventry v Wigan Dewsbury v HaHim( Huddersfield v Keighley Hull v Hunsiet Leeds v Warrington Oldham v Rochdale Swinton v Batley Wakefiald Trinity v St Helens Widnes v Salford York v Bradford.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
n d I he with- red a

trents epre- cause vhich. ,tend. any th the

if the I have s. In travel aot be Aiding nciple suited d. He ;eenaed

7, with- ! found t. The oration them, I so enter a ifferent ,'hether iittee'F ere not proval. lo were on was lat they Ke to be on from use. it , pub if/, ood that homina- aing to

mi tteD raentar Ls iron

e aggro- in for a re than In real, would 3 twelve umber of at point ncreases Lined by War of iderable y, or to taken 1. As a ;so more could be teachers ugh the were not I than in

immittee igements it in the. L second

nmittee, oftrd of of the over the iroh, St., S (boys' hich had tion also Vesleyan in full, le grant 1, if the

accom- iat Ora& iodatiOnk oroposed,

threats. o reduce. )ols. He had been e extent eference 'bile at lotion of greater ,re urged proceed erection At the in from ,ded pro- nd Build- )s repeat- be finish ked in nployed, ;he work

the Sites poseibly 7 schools rchitects, Cr° pe r o us

ir to put ttee and Ltion was ne Board t altering reseed to to reply. e tactics, as wrong t opposi- way.

g of a i Taylor ion with

t by the Lfternoon 7, from the water drowned.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
" .

rim"!

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

G. T. P. 6. T. I' Leeds Salford 0 " 6 Hunslet 0 0 0 Oldham 2 210 Huddersfield ... 0 2 G Rochdale Hornets 2 8 28 Wakefield Trin... 0 0 0 Wigan St Helens 1 5 17 Swinton .... ..... 0 0 0 Batley Dewsbury Broughton Rang 0 0 0 Hull Widnes 8 14 5S Coventry Keighley 0 1 :3 Bramley 0 1 3 Barrow 0 3 9 Runcorn 0 0 0 NORTHERN RUGBY COMBINATION. Purston — 23 Hunslet — 6 Halifax A 1 4 16 Batley A Dewsbury A — 32 Wakefield T A... 0 0 0 Swinton A Salfori A — 16 Wigan Hightleid -- 9 Leigh Shamrocks 2 1 7 Widnes A Leigh A — 13 Pemberton ...... 0 0 0 Rochdale H A " 0 4 Runcorn A Wigan A Oldham A 13 Huddersfield ... 0 0 '0

===== 0002601_19130201_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington at Wigan. Wirepullers Play Well but Lose.

The wirepullers took their strongest thirteen to Wigan on Saeurday, and for the greater part of the game they put up a fine fight. In the end, injuries to Dickenson weakened the Warrington defence, and Wigan won by a substantial margin. The Collier also had a strong team in the field and as the weathers was fine the popular fixture drew an attendance of 12,000. The team and officials were : vvarsiugton—Jolley, back; Renwick, Tranter, Dicken- son and Williams, tureequarter backs ; Nicholas and Daintetb, half-backs ; G I homes, Cheaters, SkelliJrne, Fearnley, Cox and Thomas, forwards. Wigan—Sharrock, back ; Bradley, Jenkins, Walford, and Todd, tereequarter-backs ; Weave and Thomas, half-backs ; Seeling, liamsdale, Francis, CeAdrick Silcock and Williams, forwards. Referee, Mr W McCutcheon Oldham ; touch-judges, Messrs H Lowe (Brougb ton) and T Kiley (Leigh), Warrington opened the game with their customary energy, and the forwards were quickly in evidence with a concerted dribble which beat Walford and Todd, aad resulted in the capture of Sharrock near the line. Wigan tried hard to get the ball away, but the Warring- ton front rankers were remarkably spry on the heavy ground, and the borne line was hard pressed. Jenkins eventually burst through to centre, only for Jolley to return with effect, and a passing run by the Warrington backs looked promising till Dickenson dropped the ball when well placed. Wigan responded with clever work, but Jenkins was upset by Tranter and Thomas , the latter injuring his wrist in the tackle. The \Varrington third line was slow, ayd again Jenkins and Bradley came away speedily, only for Jolley to " plant" the winger in tine style. Again the Warrington forwards raced away, Fearnley, Cox and Chesters forcing Sharrock to get rid of the ball promptly.Skelhorne had a chance,but co ald not reach the ball. Back came the Wiganers with filie passing, Bradley making another dash which was ended in the firm grip of Williams. The homesters .were now within short range of the Warrington line, and long passes between Seeling, Jenkins, and Thomas enabled the latter to find a way through the defence, and the Warrington line was crassad. The scorer added the goal. Warrington again attacked, the speedy forwards grassing Sharrock in fine style, while a tine &lon, of Jolley'a maintained the attack. G Thomas marked from a weak kick by Gleave and opened Warrington's score with a neat goal. Jenkins eventually burst through again for Walford to score, and soon alter Francis threw across to Seeling, who scored a third try by sheer dash. Warrington were still playing aggre, sively and forced play to the other end. Jenkins was smartly robbed by Tranter, the tall Warrington centre scoring a capital try, Renwick adding a goal. Half- time : Wigan, 1 goal 3 tries, (11 points) ; Warrington, 2 goals 1 try (7 points). On resuming, Warrington were again on the attack for some time, though an injury to Dickenson resulted in Skelhorne haying to play as extra threequarter. He was instrumental in stopping Jenkins when the latter looked like goina through. Teen Trainer created a sensation by breaking clear in his own half and punt- ing over Sharrock's head. An exciting race followed, and Tranter was in the act of grounding whoa he was pushed off the ball by Jenkins, who kicked dead. This was hard luck for the Wirepullers who might have taken the lead. Wigan now forced mattes and Coldrick was the means of Wigan attacking. Bradley was held up by Williams when he appeared almost certain to go through. War- rington relieved and Whams made a good run along the right, but he passed to an opponent and the lost grounu was speedily rtcovered. Wigan continuiug to force matters, Gleave handed on to Sealing, who made no mistake at the eorner. There was a quarter of an hour yet left for play and the visiting forwards con- tianed to show very earnest fight, but they were let down behind. Jenkins made a dashing run, and, bluffing Williams, the Welshman had only Jolley to beat, and this being accomplished the \Warrington defence was pierced, Thomas adding the goal. Warrington appeared to fall away after this, and after Jenkins h.d recorded his second try the day's sport concluded when Seeling in the last minute succeeded in forcing his way over, Trioru,s adding a goal. Result :—W;gan, three goals seven tries (27 peiuts) ; Warrington, two goals one try (seven points).

===== 0002601_19130201_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON "A " BADLY BEATEN.—Warrington "A " were decisively beaten by Wigan "A " at Wllderspool on Saturday, after a game in which con- siderable feeling was introduced. There was a large gate. Tbe visitors brought with them Curran, their latest Colonial capture, who soon took a prominent part in the play and registered three tries. Harmer opened the game, and for a brief spell play settled in the Wigan half. The visitors were the first to take up a dangerous position. and Curran dashPd over for Hilton to kick a goal. The borne forwards rushed to the Wigan end, where Seddon proved safe, but Critchley opened Warrington's score a moment later with a goal from a mark. Wigan came again, and Curran broke claan through and scored under the posts, Hilton again adding. the extra points. Warrington experienced a piece of hard luck, Clare stepping into touch near the line. Hilton frequently opened out the game and the visiting backs showed some smart COM- bination. A gliring car of obstruction by Mclntyre resulted in the award of a try to Wigan, Hilton adding his third goal. At the interval Wigan led by fifteen points to two. 111-feeling was engendered in the second half, and the football was of a nigh order. The only score came from a good individual effortby Cnrran, who registered his third try, the goal kick ;vat.t. failing.‘rnßgteosnn, ;lt Wigan, 3 goals ; 4 tries (l 8 points) goal, 2 points.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

The Examiner Saturday February 1, 1913,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE AMATEUR CUP. FIRST ROUND-REPLAY.

LATCHFoRD v. HARRoNVEY. These teams again tried conclusions at New Brighton on Saturday, when Wftrowby had a strong team in the field. The game was only in progress a few minutes before Myers opened the account for Harrowby. Latchford retaliated, and Probyn effected a fine save from a close-quarter shot. A few minutes afterwards a penalty was given against Latchford and was taken by Davies, who scored the second goal for Harrowby. A little latgr the Latchford centre forward had hard lines, putting the ball just over the bar. Davies put in a good shot after a solo effort, which the Litchford goal-keeper just managed to clear. From a melee in the home goal, Smith put in a shot, and Prohyn saved what seemed like a certain goal. Half-time: Harrowby 2 goals, Latchford nil. In the second half the leaders had again the advantage and registering two more goals, won by four goals to nil.

NORTH CHESHIRE LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

Goals.

P. W. L. D. For Ag'st Pts Lostock Gralam Lyrnm l2 7. 1 4.,. 28... 21... 18 Mobberley 13... 6... 5... 2... 21... 21... 14 Barnton Villa Ougtitrington Park 12... 5... 5... 2... 17... 18... 12 Bowdon Vale Latchford Broadheath Ougbtrington Amat 11... 5... 6... 2... 21... 30... 8 St Vincent's 14... 3... 2... 17... 30... 8 Altrincham Lads 10... 0... 6... 4... 11... 23... 4 BOWDON VALE V LYMM.

At vicarage-lane, Bowdon, on Saturday, before a fair attendance. Lymm soon forged ahead and after a good run Barber opened their account. Midfield play followed for a time : both sets of backs were kieking well. After the game had been in progress about 30 minutes J Clare, with a nice pass, gave Wilson (the Lymm centre) a grand p,ss, for the hitter to dash through the home backs. He worked over to the left and when practically on the goal line passed across the goal to , Haddon (out- side right) for the latter to score a capital goal. The Vale dashed to the other end and Hadden did well to clear from MKinual and Bailey. Hinde relieved the pressure with a big kick. Lymm were showing the better form forward, and before the interval Eladden further increased their lead. Half- time: Lymm, 3; Bowdon Vale, o.—ln the second half the Vale had more of the game. After nice work by

_F WORK, EFTS, ORE RECEIVERS FINED.

An echo of the recent works thefts cases was herd the Borough Police Court on Saturday before Mr J ‘'‘ Hayward (in the chair), Messrs it T Fairclough, T Pemberton and A J JolleY.

- Arthur %\ iiliam Hazeldine, 37, Selby-street, and Ernest Hamblett, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall, were charged with having during th,e past six months received shaving soap and scent, the property of Messrs Crosfield Ltd, from Thomas Lawton, well knowing the goods to have been stolen. Hazeldine with receiving two sticks of shaving soap, value 24, and Ilamblett with receiving six sticks of shaving soap and three bottles of scuit, value 13s 6d.

Mr Henry Greenall, who appeared for "Messrs Crosfield, sAid that on the 18Lh inst the man Lawton was convicted at that C.)urt on a charge of stealing soap and perfumes. In conse uence of a statement he mane then, Inspector Williamson saw tha prisonPr Hazeldine at his house and told him that Lawton Lad stated that he had given him some shaving sticks. Prisoner said he had paid sixpence for the stiAs. The man must have known perfectly well that that was not their value. He also made a statement to the effect that he knew Lawton had stolen them and that he had been stealing for some months. The Inspector then saw the other prisoner woo admitted that he had had the shaving soap and scent. For three sticks of soad he paid threepence and he gave a drink for the bottles of scent. For the remaining sticks of soap he paid threepence each. Although the actual amount involved in the present prosecution was somewhat small, pilfer- ing at the works was assaruing serious proportions. The Company therefore felt it was their duty to deal seriously with cases they discovered. There were a large number of employes engaged in the works and it was as much for their protection as in the interests of the firm, proceedings were being taken. Certain privi- leges were given to employes and if men abused those privileges it was probable that innocent people might be suspected. It was quite probable that some of the privileges might be taken away on account of the way they had been abused. The men could buy the articles in a proper manner.—ln fining each defendant as with thf,alternative of a mouths' imprisonment the Chairman said they had only just missed being sent to prison. They ought to have been sent to prison, but the Bench hoped they would take the case as a warning.

•,-, . . ~--------sitinlywz:,..t-:- .•",,,-.,,...-.?.-4_,.., , - ----__. ~...,,,,,.%7:- ---Ar.... 7-1 • , 11111 n ttl 0 _..., ~, [ VS L--,=-11 - - , - _ , I-.-_ - . - • - ..,,____=.--__ .. , . . - . , , . ,-- .........t.,.,.,ktvi,“ ,T.,,. -.2 _„,..c. -.. • 14'..., - - - -• . . - .'"4,-'' -:, ou ECHO 0. '\- S TH" 'S. 111-

===== 0002601_19130201_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LIQUOR CONTROL. MR. HAROLD SMITH, M.P., AND

CLUBS.

[TO THE. EDITOR. " Ex I)IINEE."j

Sir,—Enclosed please find copy of letter sent to H Smith, Esq, M P, in answer to correspondence pub- lished in the " Examiner" on the I,Sth inst.—Yours truly BENJAMIN T. PARKES (Hon. Sec. Citizens' Temperance League). 8, Willis-street, January 23rd, 191:3. Dear Sir,—ln reply to your letter of the 14th iust, we are surprised at your amazement, and think it is based upon a false idea. You say :—" I am amazed that so many who are devoted to the cause of Temper- ance should remain satisfied with demands for further restricting the sale of liquor in premises licensed and controlled by the magistrates and at the same time ignore the fact that the trade is increasing enormously in clubs under conditions which ve:y often constitute a grave scandal." We are pleased you have had the courage to pen these words, and we ask all who are members of clubs and read this correspoadence to note them, and those who are responsiLle for the carrying on of this " Uncoutr3lled source of supp:y " to ponder well over them. Yet, we do not agree with you that s) many temperance workers do ignore it, and would respect- frilly remind you that in the Temperance Bill of 190 S (which was supported by all Temperance Organisations of our land, and especially by theabove League at a memorable meeting held in -Parr Hall on April 11th of that year) contained clauses for the annual registration and control (including inspection) of clubs. You know, sir, as well as we do, how that Bill was slaughtered at a private meeting held at Lansdowne House.

The Bill, a copy of which you forwarded, is not so satisfactory to us as Pal t 4 of the 190 S Bill was, with this exception, that, in your Bill clause 7 defininitely states the hours for the closing of the bars in clubs. It certainly could be strengthened by including clauses dealing with the following points : 1 Objections by persons other than the police to the registration or renewal of registration. as covered by Clause 37 Of the 190 S Bill. 2 The cancelling of registration on conviction of offence as covered by clause 39 of the 19S Bill. 3 The refusal of registration, if iu respect of the premises for which application is made, during the preceding five years a licence has been f,rfeited or a renewal of licence reluzed as covered by clause 40 of the 190 S Bill.

4 The authority for inspection to be very explicit as covered by clause 41 of the 1908 Bill. if you and your friends will accept the suggestions nhmed we promise you what assistauce we can give by arousing public interest in the measure, and as no Bill will, we hope, in the future, having passed the House of Commons, be killed outright, you may be successful in having placed upon the btatute Book ofthe realm an Act, for which you will deserve the honour which comes to all, irrespective of party, who have honestly tried to do something for the welfare of their fellow citizens.

I hate followed your example and ,sent a copy of this letter to our local Press. Yours'truly. BENJAMIN T. PARKES.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
H. Smith, Esq„ M.P. LETTER FROM REV. H. OGDEN.

Sir,—As a vice-president of the Warringt Citizens' Temperance League, I was much interested in the answer which the Member for this borough gave to the resolutions that were forwarded to him by the above League. I was more interested in what the Member omitted than in what be said. May I add ,sir, that my inability to be present at any of the League's meetings has made it impossible for me to reply through that agency. But sir, I am interested in what the Member said but I am equally interested in what he failed to say. There are no two opinions about clubs in the circle of temperance workers. There is this difference between ourselves and the Member, we should aenihilate the drinking practices of clubs, he would—well, what ? One would venture to suggest that he should commence a temperance campaign in the clubs of this town of which he is either the president or the idol. The constituency which he represents has prubahly fewer drinking clubs in it than any town its size in Lancashire. Those that are in it are the illegitimate children of the eolitical parties and probably one half of them are under the patronage of the member for this borough. As a temperance worker I would suggest that the member carry his missionary outfit witn him to the clubs of which be is the patron. if any opening presents itself at the Carlton a word in season would be welcome. Sir, the member for this borough has written about an agreed subject. We are glad that on the question of temperance be it not an entire heathen Be is better than the company he dwells in, but why labour the question of the clubs when all temperance bodies are clamouring for public or magisterial control? There is one phase of club life, however, that does not pertain in public-house life, the club officials can pur- chase beer from whom they will. I suppose nine tenths of Warrington publicans sigh for that charter. But now, sir, that we are agreed about clubs, what has the member f.r this borough to say t,'.> us about breweries and public-houses ? The member says he is interested in the temperance question; let him give us evidence of it. It has been whispered to me, but then it cannot be true, that the member will preside at the annual Licensed Victuallers' dinner at Birmingham shortly. Rumour has it —but Rumour is ever a lying jade—that the Member was a very valiant, opponent of the last Licensing Bill. But then, all may change their opinions. one the less, 05 per cent. of temper- ance workers were anxious that the Bill should become law. Does the Member for this Borough believe in prohibition, and if he does would he send his tract to Wilderspool Brewery or Walton Hall? because I might incidentally mention to the Member, lest he be not aware, that Wilderspool influences this town very badly on Saturday nights. Does the Member support Local Option or Local Veto? Would he give the right to any locality to say when, where, at what hour and to whom drink should be sold in that locality? Would he give to any locality the right that is theirs, namely of renewing licences when that locality should desire ? Would he refuse the selling of drink to women before noon ? Would he close the public house on Sunday ? Would he support a law that refuses drink to a working man at El in the morning? These and questions of this type the Member for the Borough must answer ere temperance workers can credit that his interest in Temperance is serious. Evidently there is no immediate prospect of a Licensing Bill, but if the Member is agreed with the Temperance worker on the questions I have submitted to him, he will be a valuable asset whenever a Temperance Bill is introduced into the House of Commons.—Thanking you in anticipation, I remain, yours sincerely,

H. OGDEN.

134, St. Mary Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHF ORD. The First Eleven defeated South Manchester by 3.0 at Withington last week, a distinctly good performance. The South backs were rather shaky to start with and Pearson and Minerals scored two smart goals. On changing ends South Manchester severely bombarded the Latchford goal but Bruhl excelled himself, two of his saves from hot shots by Pitt and Roberts being remarkably fine. Near the end Latchford again attacked and after Pike in the home goal had emulated Bruhl's example several times Itlinards put on a third goal with a fast shot close in. Pike, Howard. Pitt, and Roberts were the best of the home side. For Latchford, Fletcher and Knight were in grand form and were the most polished backs on the field. Isherwood and Dale centred well from the wings and along with the halves worked some nice positions for the inside forwards. South Manchester " A " turned up at Latchford short but the sides were equalized, each team playing 10. At one time the home team were leadinz, 4-1 but, the score was 5-4 in their favour at the finish. Eccles, Dixon and Gibts in tbe backs and H Fletcher and Hobin in the forwards played well for Latchford. The scorers were Hobin (2), H Fletcher (2), Banks (1). The First Eleven at St Helens this afternoon is :—J Bruhl, goal ; T Dixon, C 13illington, backs ; J B Wilkin- son, A E Bradshaw, A Knight, halves ; R A Dale, J E Pearson, W H Minards' A Starkey, F W Isherwood forwards. Bus from Academy 1.15 p.m. The Second Eleven v St Helens" A" at home is : Three fullbacks, H Wright. W T Eccles, W Mull ; C H Morgan, H T Gibbs, H Banks, halves; 0 Laver, F Robin, E Banks, H Fletcher, H H Cotten, forwards. Bully off at 2.45 p.m.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S TEAM.

RYLANDS Recs. V. WARDLEY-at Wardley.—Full- back, A Brarnball ; threequarter-balks, J Griffiths, W Leah, S Carter, and G Warren: half-backs, G Floyd and J Gallop; forwards, Stretford, Mason, Morris, Brand- wood, Broadhurs.t, and Booth. Reserves, liorrocks and Langley.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

TUR,DAY—llefore Couucillor H Roberts (in the chair),

Aldermen Bennett and Smethurst, Col. Ede!sten, Messrs (.; Jackson Holmes, T Locker, W Rictiardson

and J Hepherd. DID HE INTEND TO STEAL ?—Daniel Taylor, of no fixed address, was charged with stealing on January 11th, a gent's vest, value Is Gd from outside the shop of Messrs Park and Bowden, 59. Buttermarker-street and further with stealing on the 10th January a barrel of bone grease value from tbe works of the Warrington Products Co.—The Chief Constable stated that prisoner pledged the vest for 6d and gave a false name and address. He stated to Detective Sergeant Holland that he had bought two vests from a man in a public- house and also that a woman had given it to him. The barrel was stolen during the night, taken some distance from the works and abandoned in the street. About two hours later prisoner tried to remove the barrel but it was too heavy for him, being about a quarter of a ton in weight.—Prisoner said he had no intention of stealing the barrel.—He was sent to prison for three months with hard labour.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr J W Hayward (in the chair), Messrs C Jackson Holmes and W T Williams.

RUNNING AWAY.—Peter McGuitmess, labourer, of no fixed address, was sent to prison forone month for having run away from the town, leaving his wife and three children chargeable to the Union,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
DOMESTIC TROUBLES IN LEOI-1 STREET.

HOW A QUARREL WAS HAPPILY

AVERTED,

" What! Another suit, John. You're downright extravagant. That's the second suit of clothes in two months."

"Quite right, girlie dear, but you see this is an extra suit."

"And a pretty penny it's cost judging by the look of it. How will our Easter holidays fare if you con- tinue to spend twice the amount on your clothes that other men do? "

"It's all right, dear--you will be better off when the holidays come round than other wives are."

" Well ! I can't see it. That suit must have cost more than Dick's—it fits perfectly." "I see, I can't keep it a secret any longer: the truth is I got this suit for 12/11 from that firm in Florsemarket-street, Warrington, 'Suits Limited.'" "To measure-12/11—impossible." "It's right, and what's more they've got the biggest range of patterns to choose from in the shop I've ever seen."

"But 1211! I can't believe it. The 'fit' is perfect." " Oh ! well, perhaps, I should have explained that this is an exceptional sale of theirs; although the value they give is always phenomenal. Everything is being sold below cost to clear the stock befcue their • new spring goods arrive. That's why I got this suit at 12/11. Now! Art satisfied? "

"I wish Suits Ltd. sold costumes, that's all." 'They do, my dear, but, don't you agree I've got a real genuine bargain?" " Yes ! And you had better mention it to Dick in case he hasn't read of it in the ' Examiner.' "

Suits Ltd.'s sale of suits, &c., is the greatest sale ever held in Warrington. All goods have been reduced below cost in order to clear them before 1913 materials arrive. HAVE YOU ORDERED YOUR EXTRA. SUIT YET? If not, call for patterns and judge for yourself. The address is : Jl3 BILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON, "SUITS LIMITED."

===== 0002601_19130201_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Lancashire Catholic Players' Society.

On Thursday evening the members of the Lanca- shire Catholic Players' Society gave the first of three performances of "King Arthur" (Comps Carr) in the Holy Name Hall, Manchester. The title role was admirably portrayed by Mr W Kilduff, of Warrington (late manager of the St. Mary's Drama,tic Society) who acted with great power aud was rewarded with round after round of applause. Mrs W Hickey (136 e Miss Nora Fleming), who is also well-known in Warrington amateur dramatic circles, achieved a triumph as Queen Guinevere. It is interesting to note that in the original production of " King Arthur," the two roles above mentioned were played by Sir Henry Irving and Miss Ellen Terry respectively.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
, ','"40,4110 • • 4'P 4'P •404 P 4 P • 4,0 X' 40 40 40 - 41111, ,44P VO ' OVP '4o' AO , - ~410•3' d 4,4 , 41,4. .4 0.1•4 PI 0-411 04.0 IP 4 e.,-.4 044:11 04 ftl.4 I—sl IP 41 0 4 0-4 P. 41 0-4 00.4 prelti 40 41,10 40,0 0-4 0, l : .. 4 ... 410 ii P JP PP me 4 111 .41 4, 4. . . , ~ . , • va 7Ai.. . . &,Ai ihiltii 'd•Vdi 116 TV we' 14-11:, au Aga .V4O Ike AI iWili 11150 Vik. &Ts Ig• :.• Allf Ai. * Tv i LI Pa &fa ¶4' JakTa ball' , i "VA • 10 "Ye * * *'4, &TA AI 00 ' A , TIP ir Ah.. du... .1 ge Mr. ---t ? 1.• w wt.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
SIX MONTHS FOR A COWARDLY KICK. . _ .

At the Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday Peter CT)sirove (24), a collier, was charged with felonious wounding, at Earlestown, on November 25. Mr Singelton pro- secuted.

Evidence was given that prisoner and a labourer named Birtwistle were playing " tip it," in the Rail- way Vaults, where a quarrel ensued between them. As they left the house prisoner tripped Birtwistle and he fell. Later on Birtwistle said prisoner would hear more of the affair, whereupon Cosgrove dealt him a violent blow in the eye. While he was unconscious on the pound prisoner kicked him, freaking both bones of one of his legs. Prisoner said ho had acted only in self-defence. The jury returned a verdict, of "Guilty "and prisoner was sentenced to six months' hard labour; his Lord- ship observing that nothing could justify the cowardly act of kicking a man when he was on the ground.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
EVILS OF PhOTECTION.

MR. J. A. SEDDON'S INDICTMENT OF AMERICA Mr J A Seddon, Labour candidate for Newton Division, who spoke on Monday night at the nnruial social gathering of the Haydock Women's Labour League, said he had returned from representing the trades unions of this country in America. He had asked his friends to take him among the workers, and there he saw pictures of poverty that were enough to make one's blood run cold. The leaders ‘.l' the trades union move- ment had to admit that under Prot e,tion it was possible for the rich to grow richer, hut the pier became poorer. hie went into the mining districts, and he found that where trades unionism was weak there the men were living practically in a state of slavery. He said, refci ring to Saturday's meeting at St Helens, Lord New.on ought to be ashamed of himself. Then he noticed that Lord Wolmer had said that he would fight the next election. If that was so, be (Mr Seddon), would challenge him to resign, and in a by-election test the feelings of the Newton Division.

NUTS 8/ SLACK, WASHED

NUTS, BEANS 81 PEAS,

CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS LTD.,

Colliery Proprietors, DAUM LANE, WARRINGTON, MI inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
IT-''F-18T1j1*"!1

7

I

ft

:r • vr,• " • • .- • • r • , •

I, ;,. , 1 .1, . I 'l' ) .: .:

I

I

4 • • •1 ' 10, A •

===== 0002601_19130201_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
The EXAMINER Series

OF th EEIZIP,Nii—KESPAPERS COMPRIS S:— ripHE WARRINGTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, the principal and oldest weekly paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, P(nketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, ac., being one of the largest and best weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by this paper comprises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in in the town and district, and offers the best and beapest facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. IHE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER 1 published every Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, &c., The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. riILIE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every -A- Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.,—the centre of the glass, chemical, and watch trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND. • MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ••• 3s. 9d. 24 ... 9d. ... Is. lod. ... Ss. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... Is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. •.. 7s. 6d. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... ss, Od, ... Bs. 9d. 48 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Stervstnts. etc

WANTED, GENERAL, about 17; state Wages.— Apply 'NI rs.CLEGG,SedgIAT,WhaIIey r d.,A ccrin gton.

GENERAL, at once,; 3 in family; smart. reliable.— "SHERWOOD," Prospect rd., Prenton, Birkenhead.

NATANTED GIRL, good, strong; good bome.—Apply v A. WAINIVRIGHT, Tan House Farm, Eaton Congleton.

WANTED at once good GENBRAL, about 30. Apply OLD MANOR HousE, Maghull, nr. Liver- pool,

WANTED GENERAL; protestant; about 18; no cooking.-17, YORK AVENUE, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

WANTED GENERAL ; been out before; about 18, three in family; wanted at once.-24, South Hill rd. Birkenhead.

WANTED, an experienced UENERAL ; three in family.—Mrs. CLIPHAM, 09, Dicconson st , Wigan.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL ; good wages paid to suitable porson.—Apply, 6,VVELD RD., Birkdale, Southport.

WA

NTED young GENERAL; reference. required. —Apply, MRs T RATIIBONE, 272, Bolton rd.

AthArton.

ANTED a good GhNERAL to assist in bar wben required (good borne), boy kept.—Apply WHITE HORSE INN. Nantwich.

W

WANTEU, good tros4g IxhiNERAIJ, good home fur respectable girI.—A;ONKMA.N, 36, Sanderson st., Queen's rd., 'Winchester.

WANTED superior SERVANTs ; good pieces and wages.—App!y Miss ROBINSON, 74, Greame at. Alexandra Park, Manchester. VV

ANTED, GENERAL for farmhouse; no milkincrz reference required.—Mrs TATTON, Fir Tree Farm, Reddish, or Stockport.

WANTED COOK GENERAL family three no heavy washing ; State age salary and reference to CUMBRIA. Morecambe.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL; good wages; small family (3) ; Housemaid-waitress kept.—Mt s WADSWORTH, The Nook, Bowdon. Cheshire.

WANTED, GIRL (strong, willing, 16 to 18), to help In all household duties ; good home.—Mrs. NioHoLsoN, 54, Lyme st., C.-on-M., Manchester.

WANTED Young GENERAL, goad, for Birken- head ; 3 in family ; nurse kept.—Mrs HAWKSLEY, 33, Plattsville rd., Liverpool.

WANTED, Superior GENERAL for Altrinchara ; mother and son, .C2O ; no washing ; good Teferpnretg.—Apolv. 31, HALE ROAD, Altrincham.

WANTED. Strong GIRL; age about 17; no washing —Apply any evening after seven, LioLLY BANK, Marlboro Cres .ent, Latchford Without, Warrineton.• WANTED,GENERAL (superior) immediately ; two children ; no washing ; wages .£lB-£2O ; good references required.—Apply, Mrs ANDERTON, Cleveden, Lees rd., Brarnhall. near Stockport.

NATANTED, for family of three, a good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. CHARLES, Carlton Villas, Hindley, Wigan.

CANADA.—SERVIANTS WANTED deposit 10s. remainder advanced; situation guaranteed; stamp for particulars.--CaossLEY's SERVANTS REGISTRY Halifax.

WANTED immodiatPly superior GENERAL for Southport also COOK-GENERAL for Bolton —Mrs. NtiTTALL, 28, Dul,e st., Bolton.

WAN TED, SERVANTS requiring good situation, should write to Mrs. WHITWORTH, Select Registry, 302. Manchester rd., Rochdale.

WANTED GENERAL experienced fond of children 'y no washing good wages reference required.— TUTTON 31, Heath Crescent, Stockport.

AVANTED good GENERAL; good borne; no objection to elderly person.--Mrs. CONNAN, Aughton CottAge, Aughton, near Ormsklrk.

WANTED.—Servants requiring good SITUATTONS at once, should write to Mrs. KNIGHT, Select Registry, 54, Church rt., Eccles, near Manchester.

A NTED GENERAL (young), to help with house- work; one who has been out before preferred.- 20, CENTRAL RD., Withington, Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, experienced; good refer- ences: state see, no washing no family—Apply MRS A LLF.X. ANDER. Rossendale, Lymm, Cheshire.

WANTED thoroughly reliable DOMESTIC HELP to assist in the care of two children.—Mrs. WALTON, Spring Vale Hons., Middleton. Lancashire.

W A N TE D situation as COMPANION or HOUSE KEEPER to invalid lady or gentleman.—Apply M. DILWORTH, 33, Ashbourne rd., Heaton Norris, Stockport.

WANTED thistworthv GENERAL; all dutipß \V ANTED in family ; R.C. preferred ; 30s. monthly references required.—Apply Mrs. HuLL, Bury lane, 13rinscall,

WANTED, GIRL (clean, steady, 16, Protestant) for a country place; few cows kept ; rood reference.—Mrs. JACKSON, Fern Bank, Yealand Redmayne, via Carnforth.

WANTED for February 19th, Et en d y GENERAL ; washing and plain enoking : four in family. Protestent.—ASKEW, 16, Hartwood rd., Southport.

WANTED, young GENERAL SERVANT, for smal private honse.—Anply, with ref.rences and state wages required, Mrs PRoBERT, 10, Belmont St., Southport.

WANTED good SERVANTS of all classes for sea- side and town ; public and private, _stamp for reply.—Apply WATSOK'S REGISTRY, 55, Station rd., S.S. Blackpool.

WANTED.—For reliable MAIDS and good Situa- tions try BRIEFIKLD AGCY, 24, Bondgate, Darlington. Free to maids ; ladies pay when suited 34Gd; book your wants now.

WANTED, superior GENERAL; no washlng ;no cooking ; good wages : from country preferred. —Apply with references, 50, UPPER PARLIAMENT ST., Liverpool. Private House.

WANTED, superior GENERAL. not under 22 strong ; capable ; Protestant; no washing wages EIS. rising to £2o.—Appiy MATRON, Boys industrial Sohool, Offerton. Stoe'kport.

WANTED, GENERAL to do plain cooking, four in family ; nurse kept.--Applv by letter, stating age, experience, wages required. giving references, to Mrs. BARKER, Ravensworth, Whitefielci, Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL (young and strong), end of month; must have eood references: good home nd wages to one suitable ' • no cbildren.—Apply aWoopv tux" Acre lane, Bramhall, near Stockport.

WANTED, permanent, for the Isle of 'Man GENERAL and COOK-GENERAL ; ages between 30 and 40. Also for th eqson, Chambermaid, Pantrymaid, Kitcbenmaid and GeneraI.—BATESONS Promenade, Douglas. _ ____

AUSTRALIA.—Farmers and Farm Hands, Mothers' Helps and Single Female Domestic Servants urgently required. Situations absolutely guarantee°. -Good wages. Splendid prospects. Reduced fares.— Apply JOHN E. RiDoWAY, LTD.BO, Fishergate, Preston, Piccadilly. Manchester.

WANTED, 20 DOMESTICS (Generals) from thi district for Canada ' • must have good refer- ences; work guaranteed. Now organising Spring— Summer Conducted Parties. Fares advanced if required. Salvation Army has unequalled organisation in Canada and Lodges specially designed for young women on arrival. Write or call. Head Office address: COMMISSIONER LAMB, 122, Queen Victoria at., London, or Branches 170 A, London rd Liverpool, and 100, Deansgate, Manchester.

Miscellaneous On sale, etc.

LOVELY Bright Plush Patches 15 or 30, for is Cd.— SAXON, 71, Station rd., Blackpool.

pIAN°, Burr Walnut, nearly new,, ligns only ; splendid tone.-62, ST. MARY ST., Warrington.

atety Razors, takes Gillette Blades, ls. 3d. post tree —FRANKLAND, 49, Derby st., Horton. Bradford.

Wanted.

OFFICE BOY Wanted over .14. Apply in own hand writing.—Box 12, "Examiner" Office, Warrington

Show, Businesses, etc.

0 SALE CrILP 6110 Gd. weeK clear; sell cheap 5, Frances st., Bellegreen Lane. Ince. Wigan.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Medical.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

IT AVE been universally admitted-TJ;he a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anmmia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. I Ad. 2s. 9d. 9s. 6d. and us. (Sample sent free). Only address :- 309, PORTOBELLO RD.,NOTTING BILL„ LONDON

To ba Let

Houses, Land on Sale, &e.

ares

Money.

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM _ £lO TO £1,000._

A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BELLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AN D STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to

J. GRIFFIN, 111inories Chambers, Minorie3,Birmingham N.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

Education.

ITALIAN LADY gives Italian Lessons.—A. A., Deronda, Westgate, Hale, Altrincham.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Houses

AiDartments, Furnished Houses, &c

JOHN WALKER & CO. LTD., FOR PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
EYE-SIGHT IS YOUR

MOST VALUABLE FACULTY.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
e 1

===== 0002601_19130201_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

'lNOmimil

===== 0002601_19130201_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TY CH(

_DR CH]

COI 1

II

lrhe rtifri fSir Perc Robert \\IL

Tc, c

316 „ Re ~

Pei I3a Acc

oth, of c

cull DEp 13IL1 LOA STO

elegrai

I,Sllell

TE stablis; I)rafts,.

Ta sPecia

BePar

===== 0002601_19130201_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
A‘

Nedding ER OF ITURES

IMITED S, MENTS, FIXE

VHEELS , &Q.

:NGT ON

ER G ARS,

LANCE

sk of times o, the secure ance.

",easehold ming and ihares and

rtgage, on

LTY.

iss man, iight. ,cially if

EATH

H ......-

EXECUTORS AND TRUSTEES.

THE FOREIGN BRANCH OFFICES— Zlegraphic Address--" CinnafOrex, Stock, London." Finch Lane, London,'"E.C. ... ... ... Telephone-2481 London Wall. Alidforex, Liverpool." ... 8, Dale Street,Liverpool ... ... ~, „ -, 5886,Central,Liverpooi. 1 ~ . ~ " Mldforex, Bradford.' ... 15, Tyrrel Street,Bratiford... ... .., 1315 Bradford. "we Curtency Drafts on all Cities, Circular Letters of Credit and Circular Notes payable all over the world; also make Mail and Ti. Transfers to all Cities. Collect Foreign Bills. Purchase approved Foreign Bills. bra.".pslisii c ommercial Credits on behalf of Customers available anywhere against the usual shipping documents. , &C., may be obtained direct from the Head Office or Branches, which are always ready to give quotations.

THE SHIPPING DEPARTMENT. re tne Telegraphic Address—" Cinnaship, Stock, London." Telephone-2481 London Wall. e`ally organised to look after Shipowners' Freight Remittances from,& Disbursements to,all parts of the World by mail or cable

Telegraphic Address—" Cinnatrust, Stock, London." Telephone-2481 London Wall. SeatsSep Telegraphic Company has been formed by the Bank for undertaking the Executorship and Trusteeship of Wills and Marriage Settlements, and:also as Trustees for Debenture Holders.

The Examiner, Saturday, February 1, 1913.

THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY FEBRUARY l, 1913.

The Warrington COUNCIL OR Education Committee CHURCH at its meeting on SCHOOL? Monday evening had to consider a proposal which, innocent enough on the surface, raised important questions of principle. The Cairo- street (Infants) Council school has repeatedly been condemned ,y the Medical Officer of Health as hopelessly insanitary and the Committee decided that, in the interests of the children's health, it was imperative to or find new premises. Owing to the erection of the Evelyn-street Coun- cil School the attendance at Holy Trinity (Church) School has been very seriously depleted, and the recommendation which the School Management Committee brought forward on Monday evening was to close the Cairo-street School and transfer the staff—and presumably the scholars—to the Holy Trinity School where a new infants' division would be formed. Mr. F. R. Roberts very properly took exception to the arrange- ment on the ground that the views of the parents and teachers concerned had neither been invited nor considered. Many of the parents would no doubt exercise their right of choicein favour of Cairo-st. School because it was an unsectarian school and would resent the idea of their children being trans- ferred to a school in which they would receive Church teaching—unless they chose to make thernselves conspicuous by pleading the conscience clause. The teachers, as servants direct of the Education Authority, have not been called upon to give definite religious instruction, and it is not inconceiv- able that they might find it distasteful to begin at this stage, to instil {Church doctrines into the minds of the scholars. There appears to be a tacit understanding with the managers that the wishes of the teachers shall be consulted on this important point, but in the absence of an authoritative statement to that effect the committee would not have been justified in approving the 'proposed transfer. After several members had pressed for safeguards on behalf of teachers and parents, the minute was withdrawn and we have little doubt that the committee will insist that, at all events, the teachers' conditions of service shall not be materially varied. The only satisfaction vouchsafed to the parents, up to the present, is that there is no obligation upon them to send their children to any particular school, but that assurance is worth very little when schools in certain localities are so over- crowded that the so-called selection of a school narrows itself to " Hobson 's choice."

The letter from Dr. A ,ElOO ARGUMENT. Markel to the Score-

tary of the Warrington Infirmary, enclosing a donation of £lOO, is a fine reply to the plea of those wealthy firms which have reduced their contributions to the institution because of the cost of National Insurance. Dr. Markel takes the view that the great scheme of state Insurance "far from drying up the. founts of charity, should hearten all those whose desire it is to make systematic war with disease and distress," and his cheque will, we hope, have a solutary effect on those townsmen who are so ready to ease their backs of charity's burden at the expense of the Infirmary and for the specious reason so callously advanced.,

A poster on the local DERRY'S DECIDER. hoardings appropriately says that " London- derry election spikes Carson's guns." The fact that they were dummy guns, and com- paratively harmless before, does not alter the significance of the Nationalist triumph in Derry. Before the election Ulster returned 17 Unionists and 16 Nationalists,a preponder- ance of political opinion which sufficed for Carson and Co. to claim that Ulster would not have Home Rule. Now that the position is exactly reversed it follows ipso facto that Ulster is a Home Rule province. The Government's mandate is thus unassailable, and no-one need hesitate to laugh unrestrain- edly at the comedy in the House of Lords. Ireland, and England too, are united in their demand for Home Rule. Even Sir Edward Carson must bow down before the fiat o f Londonderry. Ulster has spoken!

===== 0002601_19130201_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

S'S

===== 0002601_19130201_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS. Barber—Toft.

A wedding in which many local people were keenly interested took place early on Monday morning at St Paul's Church. The contracting parties were Mr T Fairclough Barber, of Greenfield House, Latchford, and Miss Arline Bertha Toft, eldest daughter of Mrs H Toft, Horsematket-street. Mr Barber is an old captain of the Lancashite and Warrington Football Clubs, whose fame as a three-quarter back, was of more than local character. 'An years or so have elapsed since he regularly appeared for War- rington, but he has since then been almost continu- ously identified with the club as a member of the management committee. and a large circle of friends will wish the popular "Fair" Barber a happy and prosperous married life. The wedding was quietly solemnised iii the presence of only immediate relatives, by the Rev E E Peters. The bride wore mole coloured velour cloth trimmed with amethyst and mole velvet, and was attended by her youngest sister Miss Nora Toft, as bridesmaid ; she was gowned in turquoise blue, with black velvet beefeater hat and pale pink ostrich feather mount. Mr Richard Denham, Padgate, uncle of the bride, gave her away, and the best man was Mr William Taylor. Following the ceremony there was a recep- tion at the residence of Mrs Toft, after which Mr and Mrs Barber departed for London for their honeymoon

===== 0002601_19130201_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Mann—Wrigley.

The wedding took place on Thursday at the Irlam Parish Church, of Mr W P Mann and Miss Mary Jane Wrigley, the ceremony being performed by the Rev R Martin, D.D. (vicar). The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a navy blue costume and tegal hat with grey lancer feathers. The bridesmaids were the Misses Amelia and Edith Wrigley, sisters of the bride, and both wore navy blue costumes and large picture hats trimmed with forget-me-nots and moss roses. Mr W A Mann, brother of the bridegroom and Mr J A Wrigley acted as groomsmen. A recep- tion was afterwards held at Woodville, Cadishead, the home of the bride's parents.

Plans for the new Memorial Hall at the Liberal Club, which is to be the generous gift of Mrs. John Crosfield, have been approved. * *

Who has been knob-sticking? The Society of Painters and Decorators has lodged a complaint with reference to the painting of standards by motor-men and conductors. By the by, the man who paints his own gate-post will be looked upon as a job-robber! *

The Council is to be asked to consider "the desirability of extending the boundaries of the County Borough." Is it true that the proposition comes from Padgate, where there is considerable nervousness anent the cost of the new sewage scheme?

The Fire Engine Committee has resolved to advertise for a 450 gallon motor fire engine. Before spending a "cool thousand" in this direction we hope the Council will fully discuss the project. For our own part we should prefer to see the money spent on Parr Hall organ. At present it sounds more like a fire-engine than a musical instrument. * *

The motor-buses are coming, and tenders have been received, but before deciding, Alderman Smethurst, Alderman John Evans, Councillor Wilkinson, and Councillor Peacock are going on a tour of trial and inspection. Joy-rides of a free and easy character will no doubt be included in the programme.

There has already been a great demand for tickets for the great meeting which the Right Hon. Augustine Birrell, K.C., (Chief Secretary for Ireland) will address in the Parr Hall on Saturday, February 15th. Ward workers are therefore advised to make early application at the Liberal Club, or they will run the risk of disappointment. Women will not be admitted. to the meeting.

There has been an apparent slackening of activities on the Warrington Bridge works and many townspeople have been inquiring the why and the wherefore. We are authoritatively informed that the concreting of thP ribs of the first portion of the bridge was completed on January 23rd. The ribs now have to stand six or seven weeks before the " centreing " can be removed and, in the meantime, no further work can be done on the west side. Work has, however, been commenced this week on the training. walls for the east side.

A country correspondent sends us a hedge cutting which is itself ocular demonstration of the mildness of this exceedingly moist winter. The twig has hawthorn leaves fully half size, and old inhabitants of Moore say they never remember the hedgerows being so green in January. Elsewhere in Cheshire the white rock, primrose, and polyanthus are in bloom. These precocious plants may escape being nipped in the bud, but they are pretty sure to meet with a blighting frost or two before spring time comes round in reality.

* * * At the annual gathering of the National Service League on Thursday evening Captain Crosfield had a good deal to say about our military unpreparedness, and finally prophesied that national service "was coming." We might add: So are the Campbells ! Mrs. B. S. Townroe said, with confidence, that "they had made great gaps in the walls of their opponents. The whole fabric was now tottering under their attack." This cheerful complacency reminds us of Mr. Bonar Law's statement at Edinburgh that the Tory party was never so united as it is to-day. Indications may entirely to the contrary, but indications can be conveniently ignored. We hope to publish an extended report of the proceedings in our next week's issue.

Like threatened me-n, the Parr Hall organ lives long. The Sub-Committee had got so far as to recommend the provision of a new instrument at a cost of from £1,300 to £1,500, but the recommendation has been quashed by the General Purposes Committee on the ground of economy. We can foresee the charge being made that this Committee of the whole Council is deficient in the artistic sense, and the charge will probably not per- turb them. What strikes us, however, is that a Council which joyfully provides bowl- ing greens for working men, is wanting in clarity of vision when it persistently jibs at the provision of reasonable aids to the recreation of the more educated section of the community. Music is surely as commend- able as bowls!

The " World " this week, paying a hand- some tribute to the work of rehousing the poor accomplished in Liverpool, sets forth the following table, whose figures may be described by that gorgeous Oriental phrase— " Apples of Gold in Pictures of Silver." EFFECTS OF REHOUSING IN LIVERPOOL. To DEcE3II3EIt 31, 1912.

Total number of sanitary dwellings erected 2,663 Erected prior to 1897 Erected since 1901 (These are for labouring classes, and are reserved for the dishous-ed).

SOME TIEST:LTS. Death Rate: Declined from 50 to 27 per 1,000. Tuberculosis: Declined from '1 to 119 per 1,000. Typhus Fever: Once never absent; in 1910. not a case. Typhoid: In 1896, 1,300 cases ; in 1911 200 cases. Police Prosecutions: Have fallen 50 ner cant. Cash Saving to City: At least £65,000 per annum or double the cost of the rehousing work * * *

„ New blood in the Town Council obviously implies reform and we note with interest a proposition from Councillor Osborne, the new member for St. Austin's Ward, for the meet- ing on Tuesday. Councillor Osborne's pro- posal is for the creation of a new municipal office: that of permanent shorthand writer to the Corporation, whose duties shall be to take a verbatim report of the pro- ceedings of all committees. Considerable objection is, naturally, raised against the proposal in many quarters, but it has a lot to recommend it. So little is really known of what transpires at committee meetings, disputes as to questions of fact are so frequent in the Council, and there is so little frank intercourse between the committees, that a reliable report of the business done and the comments made would be of value to every member of the Council. There is no suggestion that the reports should be made public and in other respects the advantages seem to outweigh the objections. An inter- esting discussion on the question is assured at the Council meeting.

Territorial Efficiency Medals. The quarterly list of nou-comtuissioned officers and men of the Territorial Force who have been awarded "the Territorial Force Efficiency Medal," isciled on Tuesday, includes the following :-4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment—Private H W Eckersley, Cor- poral G Knight, Bugler W Miller, Colour-Sergeant R Oxley, Colour-Sergeant F Pitnlott. \Vest Lanca- shire Divisional Transport and Supply Column, A S C —Staff Sergeant-Major J W Bullet], Corporal E G Evans.

Pelona'.

On the ree-mmendation of the Warrington Medical Association, Dr Bowden has been elected s member of the local Insurance Committee.

Museum Committee Lectures.

The Warringtrn Museum Committee beg to anncunce that a series of three lectures on "Florence and its art" will he delivered under the euspiceA of the Ogden Trustees by Mr .J E Phythian, commencing on Saturday next,in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street. The Children's Ball. At a meeting of the ladies' committee on Wednesday it was teported that the net profit of tho children's hall recently held in the Parr Hall, ',mounted to 13,3 2d. This sum has been handed over to the Children of Warrington Cot Fund. Junior Liberal Association.

"Economies in Politics" is the title of the monthly lecture which will be given by Mr W Abbott, M.A , Altrincham, under the auspices of the Warrington Junior Liberal Association in the Horsewarket-street Chambers on Monday evening _. _ •

Royal Theatre of Varieties. " For money—not love" is the title of the powerful drama which the Royal Stock Co. will present at the Royal Theatre of Varieties next week. Sara Rosebery, The lively little Lancashire lass, will also appear in song and story. There will be the usual matinee on Thursday at 2.30. ANTHRACITE STOVES, clean, cheerful, smokeleLs, DO fnmes.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND. ,51, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

Picturedrome. The star picture for Monday, Tuesday and Wednes- day is "The Black Mask." it contains without doubt the most remarkable serie3 of sensational incidents yet displayed in one picture. On Thursday, Friday and Saturday "The Surgeon" will be shown. It is a story of a New York doctor degraded by drink, who goes out West and makes good. Alliance Box Co., Ltd.

The annual tea and dance in connection with the above took place on Monday in the Co-operative Hall, Sansey-street. Over a hundred employees sat down to an excellent tea provided by Atkinson's Oaf Ls Ltd., after which dancing was indulged in until 2 a m. Dur- the interval songs were ably rendered by Miss C Rigby, and 'Messrs C McDonald and W Mchugh. The duties of MC. were carried out by Mr B Appleton. Masonic Installation. Bro Henry Isnerwood was installed as Worshipful Master of the " Lodge of Lights" (:48) at the Masonic Rooms, Warrington, on Monday afternoon. There was a large assembly of• the brethren, the Installing Master being W Bro the Rev T T Lee Jones. The newly-installed W,M invested his officers as follows : Bro John Evans, S.W ; Bro C J Smith, J.'W ; W Rro the Rev H V Pigot, I'M, P.Pr.G.C, chaplain ; W Bro J Hallwood, PM, treasurer; W Bro J Critchley, P.M, secretary ; Bro T Irlam Fletcher, S.D ; Bro R T Harding, ID •' W Bro F Howard, P.M, D.C, ; W -tiro It Shacklady,P.M, P.Pr.G.D.D.C.. ADO; W Bro T D Amog, P.M, P.Pr.G.O., organist ; Bros P Peacock,l.G ; J Muskett, S.S ; .1 Banks, J.S ; H Haviour, A.S ; John H Singleton, A.S ; and G S Rice, tyler. The usual banquet took place in the evening at the Lion Hotel. LAMPS, Oil Stoves, Coek Stoves.—J.S. GARLAND Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. The Late Mrs Benjamin Bennett.

On Monday afternoon the remains of the late Mrs Benjamin Bennett (whose death.at the age of 7) years, was recorded in last week's •` Examiner ) were laid to rest in the churcnyard at Stockton Heath, the Vicar, Rev J Collins, officiating. After the hearse followed Mr Benjamin Bennett (husband), Miss Bennett, Mr Baxter Bennett, Mrs Plinston, Mr Ernest Bennett, Mrs Jones, Mr Tom Bennett, Mrs J Lowe, Mr Ben Bennett, Mrs G F Innocent, Mrs J D Smith (sons and daughters of deceased), Mr H C Jones, Mr Edwin Plinston, Mr J Lowe (Golborne), and Mr G F Innocent (sons-in-law), Mr S C Jones and Master H T Jones (grandsons), Mr ,1 Henry Bennett (Stockport, nephew), and Mr George Davey Smith. The bearers were Mr Walter Bennett (Cuerdlev), Mr Hugh Booth Bennett, Mr George Burgess "(Appleton), and Mr Will Evans (Northwich), nephews. Among (there present at the church were Mr William Sileock, Mr James Critchley, Miss Ethel 'Jones. Many floral tributes were received. Wbist Drive at the Liberal Club One of the most successful social gatherings ever held at the Liberal Club ,s as the whist drive which took place on Tuesday evening. The guests, number- ing over 100, were received by Councillors J Wilkin- son and F Lindley, Messrs. T: Pemberton, Jos. Wilkinson, II Johnson, F Lindley and E A Sanders. The large billiard room, in which the tables were arrang?d, had been very tastefully decorated with plants by the manager (Mr A T Clay) and presented a most inviting appearance After manv keen games, the prize winners were :--Ladies: 1, Mrs H Birch; 2, Miss E Bailey; consolation, Mrs. J T Locker; gentlemen: 1, Mr J W Sanson ;2, Mr Cliffe ; con- solation: Councillor J T Locker. Mr P Peacock pre- sented the prizes to the successful players, The catering was in the hands of Atkinson's Cafe's Ltd., and gave .every satisfaction. CUTLERY.—Joseph Rodgers & Sons' celebrated Knives and Forks, &c.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt.

Presentation to Mr Peter Bate. On Saturday morning at the Castle Rubber Co.'s works, a very pleasing presentation took place, when the staff and workpeopte as-ietnbled to give Mr Peter Bate. manager, a clock and ornaments to commemorate his 2.5 years service with the firm. Mr T O'Brien in making the presentation said that considering the large number of employees who had been with the firm for so many years, it was quite unnecessary for him to dwell on the numerous good qualities Mr *Bate possessed. He was certain, however, that he was expressing the sincere xvisli r f every member of the firm when he liopnd that Mr Bate would be spared to manage the affairs of the company for at least another period as long as the one they were commemorating. Mr Bate in responding said that he felt a difficulty in adequately expressing his thanks, and said the gift would always be a pleasing memento of the fact, of which he was exceptionally proud, that he had during the years of service with the company, earned the goodwill of all those with whom he came into contact. Local Off ical's New Appointment.

At a meeting of the Tynemouth Town Council on Wednesday, Mr Walter Sumner, of the Town Clerk's Department, Warrington, was uranimouslv appointed chief clerk in the town clerk's department,Tynemouth. Mr Sumner commenced his business career in the office of Messrs Robert Davies and Co. in 1.89 i, where he remained until he obtained a position in the Town Clerk's office in July 1903. He has had considerable experience in municipal work and recently has been chiefly responsible for the administration of the Revenue Acts with reference to local taxation licences, this work having been transferred by the Govern- ment to County and County Borough Councils in 1908. In this connection he has been brought into direct daily contact with many townspeople, and whilst carrying out his duties n a highly satisfactory and conscientious manner, he has deservedly won the esteem of all those with whom he has had duties to perform. He is highly respected by all the officials of the Corporation, and is to be c-mgratulated on obtain- ing his new appointment, for which be is eminently fitted. The Council summons for the meeting on Tuesday next contains a resolution that Mr Sumner's resignation be accepted with regret. Mr Stanley Wilson (formerly deputy town clerk of Warrington) is the Town Clerk of Tynemouth. Warrington Swimming Club. - -

The annual meeting of the Warrington Swimming club was held in the Masonic Hall Bold-street on Wednesday evening. Mr F Garside presided over a large attendance. Mr S Ince (the secretary) in sub- mitting his report stated that they had had a fairly successful season and,considering the slight experience the polo team had had, they had done exceptionally well. Out of 12 matches they won five, lost three and drew four, those including two friendly matches. They had scored 32 goals as against their opponents 29. The Works Squadron Championship race was not a success financially.—The financial statement sub- mitted by Mr J Wilkinson showed that the total income had been S-26 14s. 10d. and after paying expenses they had a balance in hand of :£ll Ss. 10d. Both reports • were adopted. The officers were elected as follows : - President, Alderman Bolton ; a numb r of vice-presidents including Mr A H Crosfield, Councillrr J Wilkinson, the Chief Conetable (Mr Martin Nicholls), T Locker and. Joseph Dolan ; Secretary, Mr S Ince ; Assistant Secretary, Mr R Pepper ; Treasurer, Mr J Wilkinson ; Auditors, Messrs A Jolley and A D Smith ; Corn- mitteee, Messrs A Ashton, J Newton, Beddard, J Peers, W Furnival, II Barlow, J Critchley and T Pemberton. Mr R Pepper was appointed captain of the polo team and Mr J Rees, sub-captain.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Whist Drive and Dance.

St, Paul's Young Men's Bible class held their annual whist drive and dance in Wincnarleigh Cafe, Sankey-street, on Thursday. Mr W Binks presented whist prizes to 1, Miss Wilkinson, 2, Miss Shutt; 1, Mr J Kenwright, 2, Mr Or Baird. Dancing was kept up until 2 p.tr. M.C.'s were Messrs H S Lightfoot, hon secretary, R Pepper, hon treasurer. Pianist Mr C. Baxter.

St. John's Presbyterian Church. The annual Congregational Business Meeting was held at St. John's on Thursday evening, the cbair being cceupied by the minister, the Rev W Reid. The treasurer submitted the balance sheet for the year 1912, which was considered highly satisfactory, showing, as it did, an increased income under each of the various heads. The reports of the Sabbath school and all the congregational organizations showed that a useful work was being vigorously carried on under the able guidance of the minister. The church membership, which has steadily and continuously grown since Mr Reid took charge, showed a net increase of 25 during the year. FOR MODERN FIMPLACES and Cooking Ranges Corn bining economy with simplicity try J. S. GARLAND Ironmonger, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt.

Church Society Lectures. The Church S-ciety has arranged another interest- ing series of lectures to men and women for the coming Leet. The preachers will include: The Lord Bishop of Hull, the Revs Bernard Heywood (Vicar of Swinton), Canon Howson (Rector of Woolton), F Lind m Parkyn. (Vicar of Holy Trinity, Southpprt), J G- McCormick (vicar of St Michael's, Elbury square, London), Canon Dickson (Vicar of St Mary's, Waterloo), H p Brown (Rector of Middleton, Cheney, Northants), Dr Cogs- well (Rector of Wallasey), and Dr Warman (Principal of St Aidan's, Birkenhead) The series will open on Friday next, when the Rev Bernard Heywood will address the women in the afternoon on " Prayer " and the men in the evening on " Marriage and Divorce."

===== 0002601_19130201_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR THOMAS IRELAND.

Through the death of Thomas Ireland, Grappenhall loses one of its most respected residents. Mr Ireland died on Saturday last after an illness from heart affection lasting five weeks. By his quiet, unassuming manner end his broad-mindedness, he had gathered round him a good number of people whom he could truly call his friends, and by these his loss will be greatly felt. He was educated at Grappenhall Schools, and from there he went into the service of the L.N.-W. Railway Company. He was an engine driver for the company for many years; in conversa- tion he could recall some very interesting events as the result of his railway experience, amongst which he related the fact of being the first driver to take a goods train over the Runcorn Bridge. He also formed one of a party to board the first # engine over the iron bridge at Latchford Locks after the completion of the Manchester Ship

Canal. Mr Ireland left the railway 30 years ago. Twenty years were subsequently spent as landlord uf the Cheshire Cheese Inn at Latchford, and from active business life he had been retired for the past ten years. He took a very keen interest in the Warrington Borough Band, ar.d was one of its most ardent and practical supporters. He was at one time a member of the Grappenhall Parish Council. Mr Ireland was a Freemason of the Gilbert Greensll Lodge 1250. and throughout his life was a staurch- Conservative. He leaves a widow and two daughters.

•• - , 140' • • • ‘'.3.,.,,,,,gt.4.41,4;>'‘ • k, • 5.,„ „ • • TT:IE I.AIE Ant. 'I'I.IOMAS

===== 0002601_19130201_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE FUNERAL

The funeral took place at Grapoenhall Parish Church on Tuesday last. The mourners were Mrs Ireland (widow), Misses Doruthy and Beatrice Ireland (daughters), Mr William Ireland, Altrincham (nephew), Mr H Didsbury, Birkenhead (cousin), Mr and Mrs W Gillibrand (brother and sister-in-law), Mr S Hildage (Newark) (brother-in-law), and MI s Morley (Altrincham), sister- in-law). Many old friends and residents paid their last tribute of resp,ct at the graveside. There were no floral tributes, by request.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
••"' ,1; 4.`• „ • 0 k) • ti• , • ;;VXVY'. • • colk . , A 6 .'; , , , • ct, A • 14,4; f '

QUERIES AND ANSWERS.

OUR READERS are invited to send It gal queries to be answered week by week. Inquiries must be short, concise, and plainly written, and the name and address of the writer given to show that the inquiry is genuine. The replies are by a member of the profession, and every effort is made to secure accuracy, but we cannot assume any resnonsibility for the opinion or advice given. Mark all envelopes containing queries " Legal," and address them to the EDITOR,' EXAMINER,' WARRINGTON. If 3ou do not wish initials to be used in the reply please t-uggest a nom-de-p/ame.

A 0 J.—lf you were employed from the beginning "for the purposes of your employer's business" you cught to have been insured. If you were emp;oyed for a purpose not connected xvith your employer's business it is nevertheless likely that you ought to have been insured e4ince you were empfoyed regularly cn Thursdays This being so, it is useless for you to stamp the card for the weeks before you entered an Approved Society since you ale not entitled to sick benefits until 26 weeks after ycur entry into the society. The form of application for insurance cannot be antedated.

W.W.—(l) No, there is no other waiting period in the case you mention. There is no second waiting period unless 12 months have elapsed and fifty weekly payments have been made since the last sickness benefit was received. (2) The Approved Society does not alwa)s insist on a low wage declaration. In this case no arreats would be debited against the woman.

SUFFRAGETTE.—If a married woman who was a member of an Approved Society before marriage becomes employed on the death of her husband, the- period of one month after his death will not he taken into account for the purpose of reckoning arrears.

CURIOUS.—If a married woman who was a member of an Approved Society before marriage continues to be employed, she may either remain insured on the same terms or remain suspended and become a voluntary contributor at reduced rates.

DOMESTIC.—An insured domestic servant who marries may either continue paying her 3d a week or pay no more. In the former CRSO she will get medical treatment and medicines; sick pay of ss. a week for 13 weeks and disablement pay of 3s. a week afterwards. Sick pay is not given for the two weeks before and the four weeks after confinement. In the latter case her Society will put aside two- thirds of her transfer value for her benefit and will pay her on confinement 5s a week for not more than four weeks and, if It thinks fit, grant certain pay- ments during any period of sickness or distress. INSURANCE.—The Agent who told you that if you continued to pay your premiums for a little time longer you would get a Free Policy deceived you and ;on can recover the premiums you have paid. "HOLLY COTTAGE."—Your neighbour who has called his house "Holly Cottage" has committed no offence merely because your house is also called "Holly Cottage," and is not actionable.

! 1 ~ ti iii.`! ii ! ;4:4 .-1 .

I

i ft 4 k : i:

I

....* ' t $ : T.. );!, ' .f ii,' i','i, 1 '''t'' ti

ki4

k ' e'

11

===== 0002601_19130201_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE MAN OF MODERATE MEANS

6 6 BAYARD " Gars

8 H.P. 4 Cylinder (60 x 120) With Two Seater Torpedo Body, Speed to 40 miles per hour, Price £197 10 H.P. 4 Seater £241.

" PALLADIUM " Cars

I (

10/18 H.P. 4 Cylinder (65 x 130) with High Class Torpedo 3 Seater Body, Lamps, Horn, Tools etc. £250. Ditto with 4 Seater Body £271. 15/18 H.P. 4 Cylinder (83 x 140) with Hood, Screen, 5 Lamps, Horn, Tools etc. 2 Seater £225, 4 Seater £235

ii HUPIROBILE "

Cars

CARS OF EACH MAKE NOW IN STOCK, INSPECTION INVITED. TRIALS BY APPOINTMENT.

SOLE DISTRICT AGENT:

Zr 0 5 1 p

010r1FLIFC.X..1411. ravv, 53 & 55, BRIDGE ST., WARRIRIGTOPI.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Sole Agent also for the Invincible " TALBOT " which recently attained a speed of 113 miles per hour, beating all records for Cars of similar horse power by 26 miles per hour.

GUARDIANS' CONTRACTS.

at a meeting of the Guardians. lie further observes that tenders received from tradesmen in respect of quarterly supplies are presented to the Guardians and a resolution is passed authorising the Chairman to open,number and initial the tenders in the Board room; they are then handed by him to the Clerk who has them extended, that is, the prices quoted per unit are multiplied by the estimated requirements for the period of the proposed contract and the results totalled. The tenders are then presented to the Guardians at an adjourned meeting and are considered on their totals only, each accepted tender being accepted as a whole. The goods estimated for are ordered from the con- tractors with the exception of food stuffs and other perishable goods which are ordered as required. The system of accepting tenders en bloc is open to objec- tion, in that it prevents the consideration of tenders from any tradesman who is unable to supply the whole of the articles set out. One tender only was received for each of the following heads : meat, mackintosh sheeting, uniforms, wines and spirits crockeryware, soda-water, coffins, thirds ; two only for each provisions, oatmeal and flour, groceries, paints, sweeping chimneys, tobacco and snuff, drugs and drapery. lam to request that the Board may-be fur- nished with the observations of the Guardians on the above.

Mrs SIMPSON suggested that the letter be referred to the House Committee.

Mr MATHER : If only a certain number of trades- men tender, what are the Guardians to do? Shall we send the auditor round to them and ask them to send tenders in ?

Mr A BROOKS: No, divide the contracts. But I would like to know how you are going to divide chimney sweeping and that sort of thing. If he had tackled groceries, it would have been a different thing, but those are the-very goods for which we have the most competition. Mr JOLLEY said the matter was one for the Guardians and not for the auditor to settle, although the auditor was, of course, within his legal rights in calling attention to it. He (Mr Jolley) believed the system aqopted by the Board had resulted in their securing the best quality of goods at a very low price. The reason why in some instances there was only one or, as occasionally happened, no tender, was that competition was so keen that many tradesmen would not trouble to supply goods, because the margin of profit was so small. He moved that the Clerk be instructed to reply to the Local Government Board to the effect that Guardians, after full, frequent. and careful consideration, were satisfied that their method was the best, in view of all the local circum- stances and conditions, in the interests of the rate- payers as a whole. Mr A BROOKS, in seconding, said it should also be pointed out that the very items in which they got much competition were those which could not be divided.

The CLERK-said that, with regard to drapery, there was something in tbe auditor's complaint. The system of taking tenders en bloc did, in that case, tend to restrict the number of tradesmen competing On one occasion the Board received four tenders for drapery from local firms, but because two of them did not tender for all the items they were thrown out and ndt considered. The com- petition was therefore tied down to one or two who were prepared to tender for every item. With regard to the opening of tenders, the order of the Local Government Board was strictly complied with. Mr A BROOKS said the drapery tenders included nothing but what a draper oueht to stock. If the orders were split up, the Board would have to pay fancy prices for oddments. Mr. Jolley's resolution was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
AUDITOR CRITICISES THE SYSTEM.

Doctors and Insured Patients.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr B L Bent presirlng. There were also present : Mrs Simpson, Mrs Collingwood, Rev A M Mitchell, Messrs A J Jolley (deputy-chairman), G Mather, W Houghton, J Billinge,W Gill, J Backbouse,W Houghton, W Flanigan, T Ritchie, J A Hughes, W Furness. A Brooks, M W Sewn, A Bottomley (clerk), It I Partridge (assistant clerk), J Brown (master), and C E Lowrance (superintendent of Cottage Homes).

REV. A. M. MITCHELL'S QUERIES. On the minutes or the Finance Committee, the Rev A M MITCHELL asked whether the committee went carefully into the question of pay- ments. With regard to the Workhouse master's children, it was understood that there were to be regular paymei ts for their rations. Did the Finance Committee give attention to the point? There was also the question of visitors to the institution.At a recent meeting of the House Committee, it was reported that one of the officers had had some friend or triends staying with him for a few days. The committee ought to be able to say what amount had been paid in respect of those visitors—in fact a scale of charges ought to be drawn up. Then again a coal bill of over £4—working out at 223 a ton—bad recently been passed. He thought that was an exorbitant .ch urge, and the Finance Com- mittee ought to be able to detect it. Mr A J JOLLEY (chairman of the Finance Committee) .said the members of that committee were quite as anxious as Mr Mitchell to look after all the details. They did not show their anxiety in the same form but it was just as real and earnest, and in the interests of the ratepayers. NEW BUILDING SCHEME.

The Building Committee again considered plans for the erection of a building for the accommoda- tion of male and female imbecile and epileptic patients. The architect (Mr Segar Owen) sub- mitted two schemes and, after careful consideration, it was resolved—by four votes to one—that the Board be asked to proceed with the erection of a building in accordance with plans prepared by Messrs W and S Owen, on lines somewhat similar to a building erected at the Reading Parish Workhouse ard in accordance with the suggestion of the officers of the Local Government Boird, and that the Local Govern- ment Board be asked to give their sanction thereto. The Committee, were aware that if the scheme was proceeded with forthwith in its entirety, the question of the erection of new Board room and offices must be dealt with at once, and, so as to defer the office ques- tion for a time, they recommended that temperary pro- vision be made in the main building for the reception of patients, also padded room accommodation ite. Mr Owen was instructed to modify his plans accordingly, and at a further meeting of the committee he submitted a set-,nni- on those lines, involving a total expenditure of £12,580. Cousiaeiable discussion took place on the above minute, the Rev A M MITCHELL moving an amendment that it be referred back. From the first he had opposed that very expensive scheme, because it seemed to him that the Board were taking upon themselves a work which ought to be done by another authority. There was little doubt that when the total outlay came to be reckoned up, it would be practically double the -amount stated in the minutes. Referring to the fact that the Board would shortly go out of office, the rev. gentleman said the Guardians reminded him of people who, the nearer they were ta bankruptcy, the greater dash they made. The Board was approaching the close of its existence and it seemed to have a great desire to spend lavishly and make a big show. Mr W C BROOKS. in seconding the amendment, con- tended that, as part of the scheme was of a temporary -character, the ultimate cost would be £20,000. They would have to undertake the erection of new offices and Board room in the immediate future. He favoured the scheme which was originally p4ssed by the com- mittee but rejected by the Board. Mr BILLINGE characterised Mr Brooks's estimate of £20,000 as very far-fetched. The scheme was the better adspted to the requirements of the Board, whereas the original one, which Mr Brooks favoured, did not commend itself to the officers of the Local Government Board. After further discussion the Building Committee's recommendation was approved by 13 votes to 3. Mr W C BROOKS: k very unlucky number! PRAISE FOR THE INFIRMARY. . .

The House Committee recorded having learned with pleasure that Dr Corker, medical officer of the Rochdale Workhouse, on a recent visit to the Workhouse Infirmary, had spoken very warmly as to the high state of efficiency of the nursing staff and general arrangements.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
VISITORS TO THE WORKHOUSE.

At a meeting of the House Committee, Mr W C BROOKS introduced the question of persons visiting relatives or friends in the Workhouse and stated that he was asked by a person to give a note requesting the master or matron to allow her to visit an inmate of the Workhouse. At the time the person called he was Lusy and he told her to pay the visit and mention his name. The person afterwards spoke to him and stated that when his name was m ntioned the matron stated that she would please herself whether she took any notice of Mr Brook's request or not. The committee adjourned consideration of the question until the next meeting and the clerk was instructed to ask the matron to attend. DOCTORS AND INSURANCE PATIENTS. It was reported to the House Committee that Dr Liston, of Warrington, had requested permission to interview and examine a patient in the Infirmary for the purpose of giving a certificate under the Nat ional Insurance Act. The committke gave very careful con- sideration to the question of the desirability or other- wise of outside doctors visiting and examining patients in the Workhouse Infirmary and recommended that permission be refused in all such cases. This was agreed to. L.G.B. AUDITOR'S CRITICISMS. THE CONTRACTS SYSTEM.

The CLERK read the fQllowirg letter from Mr J D Davy, assistants secretary to the Local Government, Board am directed by the Local Government Board to inform the Guardians ot the Warrington Union, that Mr P T Turner, the assistant district auditor, alter his audit of the accounts of the Warrington Union for the half year ended March 31st, 1912, reported that the Guardians had not complied with the provision in Article 47 of the Genera! Consolidated ()icier, 1847, to the effect that no tender shall be opened otherwise tnan

===== 0002601_19130201_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

LORD NEWTON. WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE AND THE HOUSE OF CCMMONS.

Lord Newton was in the chair on Saturday at a quarterly meeting in St. Helens of Newton Division Conservative and Unionist Association. Lord Wolmer. M.P., also attended. Lord Newton said that it was more difficult now than formerly to say when a Parliament would come to an end, when its members were each interested to the extent of £4OO a year. At the presant moment the ll,tuse of Commons was nominally discussing a Fran- chise Bill, and discussing it under such conditions as Mr Asquith thought fit to impose upon it. What the House of Commons was trying at the present moment to do was to " dish" the women and to sneak out of difficulties which they had created, either be their own dishonesty or bs their ignorance. "The House of Commons,'" continued Lord Newton," has been alritady sufficiently degraded by Mr Asquith. It has beerr"degraded as much as it is possible to degrade and humiliate any constitutional assembly, but I ques- tion whether it has ever presented so absolutely grotesque, ridiculous, and humiliating a spectacle as it does at the present moment." His impressiom was that nothing would cast such absolute dismay into the Liberel ranks as for the House of Lords to allow the Home Rule measure to pass. He believed any prospect of that kind would fill the Liberal party with the utmost consternation. (Laughter.) If it were passed be believed they would find the difficulties so insurmountable that they would seize the earliest opportunity for leaving office. He did not think the question of allowing this Bill to pass the House of Loras bad ever been really considered, although the suggestion had been made. But the objection to adopting any such course was that it would be a distinctly dishonest proceeding, and he hoped that, whether mistaken or right, the action of the Lords would be dictat,d by honest motives. It would be a dishonest thing to accept the Home Rule Bill for many reasons, but one was that it had never been properly before the country. (Applause). Load Wolmer defended the position he had taken us in regard to the use of the funds of trade unions for the purposes of members of one political party in Parliament It was only fair and just, he said, that trade union, should be allowed to send their representatives to the House of Commons without impediment, but what the Labour party wanted was to use trade union as supporters of one political party. At the next general election he was prepared to maintain the position that every trade unionist, whether Conservative, Socialists Liberal or what not, had a right to choose his own political views for himself. To that mast he nailed his colours, and he was prepared to fight on that question and win against all-comers.—(Applause.)

===== 0002601_19130201_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIRDRESSER'S "ACCIDENT."

If you would awake perfectly refreshed and hea morning, use HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND 0: before you go to bed at night. Then, whilst these famous remedies will be making healtt for you. They are potent cures—gentle in the certain in their results. They are without pal separately or in conj unction, as may be require( of Constipation, Sleeplessness, Sick Headache, Coughs, Colds, Rheumatism, Stiff Joints, etc., and you will be acting wisely if you place your health in their safe keeping.

yo.

In the City of London Court on Thursday Judge Rentoul decided that a hairdresser's assistant who had contracted " eczenvitous ulceration of the hands " v.hile using a dry shampoo liquid, was entitled to com- pensation under the Workmen's Compensation Act, sul,- ject to a point of law to be raised.

• in the AIENT

L sleep, d ease

etion- -4 (used

411 ELK

. . 1i.,. • , • b • • A h - 41441116: W • , !lAr7/ - .=4 • , .--er-,Te • I\l%, • ° T • A._ .

• •

‘

t

===== 0002601_19130201_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR CZ !ROTOR 119. t • TT • ( Is' ".-• . • . . ewe, RELIGIOUS

St. Paul's Church.

At this Church on Sunday the annual sermons on behalf of the Church of England Waifs and Strays Society, were preached morning and evening by the Rev Herbert A Wafter), the organising socretary for the Liverpool district. A "pound service" was held in the aftel noon, when pounds of tea, coffee, anger, rice, flour, Sze., were brought by members of the con- gregation adults and children and placed near the altar. The gifts were afterwards sent to the society's local home in Salisbury-street.

Bold-street Men's Bible Class.

On Sunday afternoon the speaker at the above class was Mr J B Baxter, who gave an interesting lecture on "The Bible." The origin of our Bible was traced from the ancient manuscripts; and the various heroes of Bible production were introduced. The painstaking energy which was ever characteristic of the translaters, their scholastic abilities and the thoroughness of their research, all make our Bible, a book in which we can implicitly believe. The need for a revision of the completeness of the methods adopted to produce the revised version, were pointed out by the lecturer. The president of the cla,s (Mr J C Holland) end several members, expressed their hearty appreciation of Mr Baxter's able address.

, ()

. -r". 11if,,, elit, - 4IPAV,F., Ai, -, '''' ":47r.. 184,1;::•:::::....;. 7....., ••::::;°: - • i ' .V. • ' . V''g' '-',... \ : • i 'a ,r. . A f ( , ... . - ' =; . 0

===== 0002601_19130201_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
English Church Union.

A meeting of the Warrington branch of the English Church Union was held at the Masonic Hall, Bold- street, on Tuesday evening, when the Rev L L Orton (Society of the Faith) gave a lecture on " The Orthodox Greek Church." He contended that the schism between the Eastern and Western branches of the Catholic Church was largely due to racial antagonism and that made re-union all the more difficult.. Referring to the vca.: in the Balkan States, he said all Christians looked forward to the tin e when the Turks would be driven out, and the Greek relfgionists would return to the possession of their Own city. The Rev W J Stanton, who presided, said that one hoped that one of the results of the war And the alliance of the Balkan States would be that the schism, although one entirely of nationality, might be speedily healed, and that there would be peace within the whole of the Orthodox Church. On the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr E H Coates, a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was a good meeting on Sunday, presided over by the President (Mr B Farrar), who gave a short report of the Lancashire P.S.A.Federation meetings at Ashton-under-Lyne. Opportunity was taken to con- gratulate Aldermen Parker, president of the Federation, on attaining his 76th birthday. Mr Thomas Dale gave the address on "Choose ye this day whom ye will serve" and "As for me and my house,we will serve the Lord." He emphasised the desirability of a good choice, and said that to serve God meant to make sacrifices for God and man, in trying to bring peace and brightness to the homes of the people. Mr Cotton read the lesson, and Mr Himsworth led the prayer.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Guild.

The above society met on Monday evening, when ft paper was given by Mrs Henshall, of Latchford, on "The cry of the oppressed." With many apt illus- trations, the speaker pointed out bow history repeated itself and as God raised up Moses to free the children of Lrael from their cruel oppressions, so He had from time to time, in our own land and in other lands, raised up good men and women to fulfil some work and in doing this, their source of nower had been felt and acknowledged throughout the entire earth, a mighty influence for good. This was the only source ...from which oppression in all its firms could be mitiiited and released; a truer standard of Christian duty faith- fully followed, would strengthen the individual and the nation and overthrow the causes of oppression. There was a good discussion.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Church.

Preaching at St John's or; Sunday evening last; the Rev W Reid spoke of the various sources of sacrifice in connection with Judaistic worship and its orderly sequence running there through. Taking the sin offer- ing, with its roi.t idea of atonement, be proclaimed the fundamental of Christianity as Christ, in his life, death, resurrection and intercession. The burnt offering,witH its root idea of consecration, marked the next point of development, and spoke of the willing and complete self surrender to the call of God and humanity. The peace offering, having, at its root the idea of thanks- giving, was the point on which the preacher dwelt the most, putting before his hearers suggestions of the out%ard forms in which the thanksgiving spirit might clothe itself, and which were to be found in inereasing interest in and faithfulness. to the various ministries oi the Church, in various rtprns of its worship, and in the upkeep and extension of its ordinances.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Ellesmere-street Wesleyan Sunday School.

A jumble sale promoted by the members of the yonng ladies Bible class was held on Saturday. Mr W H Sherburn presided, and in the coarse of a brief address expressed his pleasure at the opportunity of renewing old acquaintances with the peop;e at Ellesmere-street. He had every sympathy with the object which brought them together that afternoon, namely, the renovating of their class rooms, and hoped the day was not far distant when ft substantial brick building Would replace_ the old one which had stood them in such good steactin the days gone by. Mrs Frank Hickman, in opening the sale, said it was the first time she had occupied such a position. She was pleased to be of any possible assistance to them and wished them every success. Brief speeches were also made by Messrs F Hickman, T H Gregson and J einch. On Monday evening a successful concert was held, Mr John Upson presiding over a large gathering. A highly enjoyable programme included items by Miss E Hewitt (soprano), Mr 0 Dickenson (tenor), Mr E Walker (baritone), Mr J Newnes (humorist) and Miss L Scarisbrick (child vocalist). A novel feature was provided by Mr 'V/ W Dunbobbin and his performing dog "Comic."

===== 0002601_19130201_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
80ld-street Wesleyan Church. "Self-Righteousness."

Choosing as a text Luke xviii, 9, the Rev ET Williamson, 8.A., spoke nu " Self-righteousness." The parable of the Pharisee and the Publican contains, not only a message to some individual Pha-isee of far-if days in Palestine,but a modern lesson to a number of people,who trust in themselves that they are righteous, and despise others. This lesson is perfectly ph,in ; its teaching being that such persons are, judged by ultimate standards, entirely ong It may be allowed that, as a statement of fact, the Pharisee's self-laudation is quite true. The falsehood does not lie in the state- ment. It is to the self-righteousness and pri le that we must look, for the weak spot that vitiates the life. The self-righteous man is always a weak man. The- Pharisee was sufficiently strong-willed to refrain from extortion, adultery, and gluttony ; yet, his strength of will did not imply strength of clrracter. He was crippled by the weakness of vanity, which leads man to commit treacheries of which he would not dream himself capable The strong-willed men, with bitter racial, doctrinal, or political prejudices are puny individuals withal, who worship the smallest of deities, viz. themselves The haughty Englishman is too vain to recognise the fine points in the German ; the orthodox individual is too orthodox to appreciate the vastness of knowledge; the heretic is too busy worshipping heresy to examine the other side of the question. This type of man is too small for us to worship. The great souls are those who have felt the vastness of the world ; feeling with Kelvin and Darwin, that their knowledge is slight, their ignorance profound. The greatest s .ints, like St. Paul and St. John. have confessed themselves the burr blest of sinners. This is not sheer morbidness, but a genuine conviction that, with all their striving, these saintly souls are still an infinite distance from the ideal. The universe is a spacious affair, and it is the sense of its spaciousness we need to preserve. During the Fprwice the anthem," Happy and blest are they," was ably rendered by the choir.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe 13ongregational Church.

The Rev H H Stull. 8.A., of Darwen was the preacher at this church on Sunday. The hard was the subject of his address to the children, based on the text "My soul is continually in Thy Hand." In an interest- ing way he showed the characteristics of the hand and impressed upon his young hearers the importance of keeping their bands free from dishonourable actions. 'their souls, he added, were in an especial degree in their own hands. The sermon dealt with the story of the vineyard (Matthew 20). He said it was the story of human life in its relation to the eternal, and our little figurines and calculations were out of place in regard to such a matter. God wanted our service, loyalty, faih and love early in the morning of life rind all through life but He did not coerce us into these things. '1 here was no bargaining as to the reward, .s God had a way of reckoning of His own. A small quantity of work done in a right spirit was of greater value than a large quantity of work done in a wrong spirit, however, zealously it might have been performed. In the evening, the discourse was specially addressed to young people, the text being "Rejoice, 0 young man, in thy youth ; and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, end walk in the ways of thine heart rind in the sight of thine eyes ; but know thou, that for all these things God will bring thee into jude- ment." (Ecclesiastes xi. 9). Youth, he said, was a ' critical time, for momentous issues were being settled in the early years, It was the determinant of what the future life was to be. He proceeded to speak of what the parents can do for their sons and daughters, and secondly of what the sons and daughters can do for themselves, He showed that modern industrialism had brought about the early economic independence of young people and weakened the home ties. It was the character of the parents rather than their money that had the greater effect on their children's lives and happiness. He advised sons and daughters to rejoice in their youth to be pleasant and make themselves agree- able to older people. Owing to the gross miscarriage of education, conversation and reading were becoming lost arts. He exhorted them to cultivate these arts and also their sense of imagination, and above all these things to have a reverent spirit, honouring God, their King and country. Collections were taken on behalf of the Lancashire Congregational Union which works for the extension of Congregationalism in the country. To-morrow (Sunday) the Rev. T T James, M.A., commences his ministry at Wycliffe Church.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Cairo-street Chapel. Dr. Mellor and his Work In Warrington

have never found an atmosphere in which freedom was so intensely real as it is in this church," were the words of the Rev Dr S A Mellor in an interesting address at the annual congregational tea party in con- nection with the Cairo-street Chapel, held in the school- room on Monday evening. About 160 persons partook of tea, the tables being presided over by Mesdames Mellor, Pemberton, Shaw, C Madeley, Hill and the Misses D Monks and Houghton At the subsequent meeting, the choir, under the direction of Mr J M Muir, submitted an excellent anti varied musical programme. Mr W H Woodcock presided and was supported by the pastor, Dr Mellor, the Revs N Cross '.Southport) and E S Russell (Liverpool), and Messrs F W Monks, J W Davies (secretary), H Noble and E Plinston (superin- tendent of the Sunday scho('l). In his opeuiug remarks the Chairman cheracterised such a large meeting as reminiscent uf Cairo-street in days gone by, when the chapel might be said to be at its best. Those days might be repeated to-day and the, chapel might he seen at its best once more. Since Dr Mellor's urrival there had been a considerable increase in the congregations, but still there were a few vacant places which they would like to see occupied. It was really important, if Cairo-street was to attain a high pesition arid bear out its n ible tra tat they should all take a regular part in the services. It was plainly evident that the Sunday School must play a large part in the future developments of the work at Cairo-street, and to see such a large progressive Sunday School as they now had was a good augury. He thought they would agree with him that Dr 'Mellor had made a great impression on Warritigton. (Hear, hear.) Whether they agreed with him or not, in everything he said. they must be conscious that he was teaching them how to think—(bear, hear)—and that was a very important point. He was, as they all knew, deeply interested in all kinds of social work and he realised as he (the speaker ),and all of them realised, how much there ought to be done and how itch there could be done if one really tried to do it. Tee Doctor was by his sermons teaching them to think for t her 'selves, if nothing more. They were extremely Odd to have the visitors with them from other towns to encourage them to work. (Applause), Mr E PLINSTON gave a resume of the Sunday School work and said the Sunday school and all its institutions were in a progressive aria flourishing condition. At the beginning of lase year they had 184 scholars on the books and at the end of the year they had 235. (Applause.) That was a very good advance. The increase had been mostly in the adult classes and they now had almost. 140 scholars over the age of sixteen years. (Applause ) bought they ought to be able , to look to the fir ure of the school and chapel with levery confidence with such a goed number of young peeple under the leadership of eliss Houghton and Dr Mellor. Not only were their numbers increasing hut the older scholars were beceming more animated with that spirit of loyalty tied self-sacrifice which was so much desired. Although they were, doing so well there were two directions in which he would like to appeal to them for support. They needed more teachers for the boys' class and they would also like to increase the number of scholars in the infant and junior classes. They had a sick club, band of hope, teachers' prepara- tion class rind reading circle, librars, girl's club,a penny bank and a youn; pa pl •'s so iety. They also had a cricket club which did good in its ewn way. (Applause). In an interesting ederess Dr Aleesoß said that when four more Sundays had passed by he would have been with ahem exactly a saar, as their minister. (Applause) He thought they could look back on that twelve months with a certain satisfaction, not undue or conceited satisfaction, but humble satisfaction. During that period they had done a little good work—(applause)— the size and character of that meeting bore witness to that fact. Mr Woedcock told them that meeting reminded him of Caito-street in its best days. It always seemed to be rather ma pity that best days should be considered te belong to the past For him the best days of an institution belonged to the future. Best days could uever be past days. They were either present or to come and that was true of institutions, individuals and the wield at large. It was that sort of a spirit that in a way formed the basis of all his philosophy arid activities. It was because be believed profoundly and absolutely in th, future that be did what he did and said what be saia. He thanked them for the extraordinary kindness they had shown to him during his ministry. He had never found an atmosphere in which freed ne was so int.nsely real as it was in that church. (Applause.). The breath of their real life was freedom. The life of the tuture absolutely and utterly depended upon freedom. It could not be lived without freedom of mind, spirit, intellect and will. Without freedom, life was impossible. Sometimes in these days when a ministry was so essentially a personal thing, one was apt to forget the denomination and wider circles of church lite, tut they were there, and in their denomination the tradi i not' religion Was the tradition of freedom. That was what they had stood for through the centuries, and in those old chapels like Cairo-street, with such a magnificent hist re, tat gl 'Hone con-. dition of freedom had been realized. At any rate it had been realized in his case during the last twelve months. Never by word or sign, or in any way to bis knowledge, had any member or friend of the congreg Lion interfered with his freedom. (Applause, That wes not a tribute to his sincerity ; it was a tribute to the'r loyalty to principle. V% hen they became mem be s of that Church and asssoci- ated themselve- with it in any way and gave their hearts and lives to it, they became associated with a certain principle and to that they expressed their loyalty. Mr Woodcock bad said perhi pa it, was not always that members of the congregation end chapel had agreed entirely and altogether with the things he said. That was never likely to he the case and never could be amongst human beings The thing which was so destructive to their real spiritual energy and life, was the attemist to impose an-.'s views upon others to the exclusion of thPir OWD It was the assertion of an external principle of authority that made religion a dead and meaningletss thing. He had, never asked or

expected that every individual should subscribe absolutely and utterly to the views he expressed. All he had expected and asked from them had been that they should endeavour to think for themselves and if the result of their independent and individual thought had taken them in a direction different from that which be bad taken, they had been able to differ, knowing that in spirit they were one. That was the character and life of that chapel and that was why it was possible for him to say things,freely, sincerely and openly. Continuing the Doctcr said he had! found Cairo-street happy in its officials and he took that opportunity of thanking all of them. He was proud of the increase of membership in the Sunday school and lie was also proud of the distinct increase in the size of the congregation. He was happy to think that that increase was likely to be a permanent and not an accidental or temporary one, in conclusion the Doctor said he believed—and he said it entirely without conceit for he was not egostic in the matter—that he had created an atmosphere in which people felt better for the coming into it. They entered the chapel and realised things which they could not realise in their ordinary life. To make the chapel what it c tight to be they wanted freedom, loyalty and, above all, sincerity of purpose. He felt sure that he had found those things during the 12 months he had been with them. How- ever, he could not have made any impression in War- rington if it had not been for the congregation who had given him the freedom he wanted. Ile stood for a strong congregation, spiritually and numerically and he thanked them. (Applause). After interesting addresses had been given by the Revs E S Russell and N Cross a vote of thanks was accorded the Chairman, the visiting ministers and I helpers on the proposition of Mr F 1V Motitis.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
.' ?.., . . OL s '' '' . ;:, ' IF I_,, / , .., , '''li ,;.,._ .o,s) ...__ •. ~I„,i i ~, , .........., ,_,.., 1 r ‘l/44,\ , , , ~,,, - • , _-' . \ , i - , \ , ' \lir - .2, \ ,_. . - -

===== 0002601_19130201_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
lohnstop Walso 's

seientificany fitted GLASSES cure iiEttLIRENZES a

SIGHT-TESTING OPTICIAN, E 3 Ina/El ST.,

WARMAIGTON.

Steel f,pefitacies from 2/6 Rolla hid from 0/6

PLEASE NOTE.—MR. WATSON attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4-30; Wednesday 11 to 5-30; Thursday 11 to 1; Friday and Saturday 11 to 5-30. • Hours of Business: 9-30 to 7-30; Saturday: 9-30 to 9-30.

WE PUT NO DROPS OR DRUGS IN THE EYES.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Mr. Sam Hassell. Memorial Service at the Workingmen's

Mission

A deeply impressive memorial service to the late Mr Sam Hassid!, conductor of the Warrington Male Chora* Union, was field on Sunday evening in the Working- men's Mission with which he had been identified from early boyhood. There was a crowded congregation. The widow, parents and many relatives and friends of the late Mr Hassan attended. Mr Harrison, of Liverpool, was the preacher. The Warrington Male Choral Union was in attendance and rendered "The long day c,oses " very feelingly. Mrs B A Sanders gave an expressive interpretation of "0 rest in the Lord" and Mr W Shaw, of Runcorn, sang "Thou art passing hence" in a deeply sympathetic manner. Mr F Atkinson was at the organ rind played the i Dead March n " Saul." Mr Geo Dale, in the course of an appreciation of Mr Hassall, said that, while interested in many things, he was most widely known, respected and loved through the musical talent which had been bestowed upon him so lavishly and which he cultivated so thoroughly and assiduously. Towards the end of the year 1900 four or five young men who were closely connected. with the Bank 'Quay Mission decided to spend their winter evenings in rehearsing glees. So satisfactory were those, meetings, that they invited i others to join, and n ebruary 1901 the Warrington Male Voice Choir was inaugurated with a membership of 12, Mr- Hassall being leader. At the pre- sent time the Choral Union, of which Mr Hassall and Mr Nesbitt were latterly joint leaders, had a membership of over GO. He need not remind them of the splendid services of that organisation. They had all been keenly interested in the reports which had come to them from time to time relating to the honours that had been wi ill n important competitions, and they at Bank Quay Mission experienced a glow of justifiable pride as, in their thoughts, they had associ- ated with those triumphs the name of one whom they still claimed as one of them. His connection with the Warrington Musical Society extended over fifteen years and he was also orFanizer and leader of the Highfield Tannery choir. huncor. He was conductor of the mission choir for many years and was willing to help whenever his musical ability could be employed for the furtherance of some high and noble object. Mr Dale referred to several notable characteristics of the late Mr liassall, including his reverence or his parents, his genial disposition and good htunour.Finally he expressed deep sNmpathy with those who, by the ties of nature, were so near and dear to him, and who had so acutery felt the pangs of bereavement.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Workingmen's Mission, Bank Qum Congregational Tea Meeting.

- - The congregation cud workers associated with the Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay, held their annual tea meeting on Monday evening and, as usual, the function was a very happy and enjoyable one. About 135 sat down to tea, and a nicely varied and very inter- esting entertainment followed. Mrs Crosfleld, of Colwyn Bay, presided and the audience expressed its appreciation of her great interest in and 'practical support of the work of the mission by giving her a very hearty welcome. The major portion of the programme was supplied by the Sylvan , Quartette Party (Mesdames Sara Silcock and 14 Eckersley. Messrs W Dutton and Sephton). The voices of the party blended moat effectively in " When the budding blown," " Good night, beloved," "In this hour of softened splendour " arid " Good evening." Madame Silcock was enthusi- astically encored for en artistic interpretation of " 0 flower of all the world." Madame Eckersley was heard to distinct advantage in " My dear Soul." Mr Dutton acquitted himself well in "*Thy sentinel am I," end Mr Sephton sang "The sailor's grave" with expression. ' Madam is Silcock anu Eckersley were a:sociated in the duet " I heard a voice," and Messrs Dutton and Sephton gave " The battle eve." Masters Dunbavaud and Dowling gave humorous recitatione with great success. Much-appreciated features were the dramatic recitals " he Friend " and "'1 he Lifeboat "by Mr Dean. Mr F Atkinson played the accompaniments in sympathetic style. The annual report on the work of the Mission was presented by the Secretary (Mr A Tilling) who stated that the year had been one of steady progress. He emphasised the fact that there was an indestructible link between the Sunday school and the chapeLso much so that the condition of the one havariabiy reflected the condition of the other. It was quite impossible to treat them as two distinct institutions, it had long been recognised by the past and present workers of the Mission, but in many churches the truth was only just beginning to he realised that the S nday school was an extremely important branch (if not the most important branch) of the church. The membership had been increased by 16 during the year, making the number on the roll 136, the highest it had ever been in the history of the Mission. The number of Communicants during the year was 820, an average of 68 per Communion service. The attend ,nces at all the services of the Mission had been fully maintained, and it was safe to say that the average attendance at the various meetings held en the Mission premises every Sunday (including Sunday school, , cha?el,n.nd lantern services) totalled almost 2,000. The ' new" Excelsior " 11.11 had proved, and was proving, a very great boon. While the thanks of the workers were given utterance to in the Sunday echool secretary's report a few weeks ago, they felt that in the Chapel ' report they must place on record their high appreciation of the splendid gift of Mrs Crosfield, and to again assure her that her kindness and generosity were a great stimulus to the workers, in the responsible and sometimes trying duties they had to perform. They again had no difficulty in filling their pulpit during the year. They had had rnen of many different denomina- ti"ns, and no doubt missions such as theirs did a good deal to break down the barriers which had divided so many Christians in the past. With regard to financial matters, the chapel accounts stood as follows :—Brought forward from the previous year £ll 18s 70, income during the Near £133 2s expenditure during the ! year £136 16s o.d,balance in treasurer's hands £8 4s 7j,d. The bazaar held in November was a great success, the total prefit, after paying all expenses, being £277 5s 2id. That, together with the amount they previously had in the Mission Extension Fund, made a total of £3ll Ss lid in baud. The Officers and Com- mittee for the year 1913 were as follows :—Presiden t Mr Nathan Hough ; vice-president, Mr George Dale ; treasurer, Mr T Taylor ; communion secretary, Mr It Jones ; general ecretary, Mr A Tilling ; Committee Messrs T Dale, D 11111, W Worrell, I? Atkinson A E Edwares, 3 Hassell, T Edmunds, T Woolley, P Cleave Arthur Gleave,S Millington, nos Ashley and Thomson. , The amount dispensed in relief by the League of Help during the pest year was £34' 19s 6d, in addition to numerous articles of clothing, S.c. The League worked very helpfully along with the Civic Guild of Help. The lantern services were crowded with children every Sunday night,and they thanked God for the opportunity of influencing for good so many children, a large number of whom did not attend any Sunday school or place of worship. In responding to a vote of thanks (proposed by Mr T Dale) Mrs Crosfleld expressed her pleasure at being present. She was glad to hear of the continued success of the work of the mission. The amount realised at the bazaar was more than she had anticipated and she thought all must have worked very bard to bring about such a result. Now that the new vestry had relieved the pressure in the Sunday school, she thought that the next matter whirls would require attention was the extension of tine chapel, which might be undertaken probably next year. She greatly appreciated the volun- tary work that was carried on by the misson and hoped it would meet with still greater success in the future. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19130201_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Professor Hobhouse's Visit.

Those who are interested in the principles under- lying social and political progress should embrace the opportunity of hearing Professor L T llobhouse at S o'clock. next Monday night at the .Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street Professor Hobhouse will deal with the relation of biology to politics, and his address should prove interesting and informative. Professor Hobhouse has been described as one of the most brilliant of the Oxford School of Philosophy, and his reputation as an exponent of social philosophy is already world wide. Only recently he was called and gave a series of lectures on Sociology to Columbia University at New York. He is the author of several important works on his subject.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
- •

THE TRADE BOOM.

NO CAUSE FOR INTERNATIONAL

JEALOUSY.

ADDRESS TO THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

The great boom in trade was the principal subject of the presidential address of Mr F A FROST at the annual meeting of tue Warrington Chamber of Commerce held at the Town Hall on Monday. He said he was proud to have occupied the presidency during a period of record activity, giving the highest figures of the Empire's commerce that have ever been reached, and this in spite of many disadvantages, such as the coal strike, which was general, most deplorable and disastrous in its effects on all concerned ; the transport strike in London, and the partial railway strike in the North. Had it not been tor those unfortunate setbacks the country would have been better off still. On looking around he noticed we were not the only nation that had prospered during the period under review. Some people are apt to look upon this with an unfavourable eye. Personally, he Was of the opposite opiriion, for JAe considered THE MORE OTHER NATIONS PROSPERED THE I:ETTER.

FOR US; they would have greater needs which we could and did supply, and were in a better position to pay for them either in cash or kind. It was better to have an affluent customer than a poor one. Also the desire and ability for nations to trade together was a very strong deterrent to the abominations of detestable wars, which brought no good even to the victors. Wars, NNhether industrial or international, were to be avoided. The former could only be done on the basis of goodwill between employers and employed, possibly aided by the principle of arbitration, and the recognition that their interests were identical. The latter was some- what difierent for however much a nation objected to fighting it did dot altogether rest with that nation whether it was or not. Every nation was liable to attack from wiLhout, and therefore it was necessary to be so strong that any attack would be doomed to failure. For that strength they had to rely entirely on the manhood of the nation, and he hoped that before long every man would be able to be at his post, in an efficient condition to give a proper account of himself, should he be called upon to do so. As soon as this was acknowledged by all nations there would be little or no risk of outside trouble, and they could continue to attend to their own industrial progress without any fear. Given peace within and peace without, they hoped to see still further record figures, more pros- perity, less and less unemployment with its accompany, - jug misery. (Applause). The PRESIDENT moved the adoption of the report which, in the course of an exhaustive review of the events of the year, stated that the Council had from time to time considered the recent strikes and the industrial situation generally, and it had been decided to ask some prominent leader of industry to address q, pullic meeting at an early date on the possibilities of co-partnership as a solution of the question. The Council, after agitating for the improvement of Bank Quay station for several years, were glad at last to be able to report that the platforms had been raised, and that other improvements were in progress. But in their opinion much still remained to be done before the station was equal to present requirements, and was worthy of the importance of the town. The accounts of the Chamber showed a balance in the bank of Ifis _ _

Mr HOLMAN KINGDON (Messrs J Crosfield and Sons, Ltd..) in seconding, said he was much interested by the President's allusion to national defence, which was really a form of insurance. Nowadays they heard a great deal about insurance from various points oe view, and the question of defence was one that should not be forgotten by any commercial man. The report was adopted. THE INSURANCE COMMITTEE.

The PRESIDEN'T, as the Chambr's representative on the Insurance Committee, reported that the committee was very busy at work, with the object of bringing the banefits home for those whom they were supposed to benefit. At present it was all spade work, and the result would be shown later on.

ILL-HEALTH AND COMMERCIAL INEFFICIENCY Mr KINGDoN, reporting on the year's work of the Education Committee, laid particular stress upon the importance of the physical welfare of the children in its effect on the commercial community. Warrington firms were mainly dependent on the product of the Warrington schools for recruiting the main portion of their staffs. An unhealthy clerk, even if intelligent, was in the long run of little use either to his master, his family or himself, and it was, therefore, only right that the Chamber, with no uncertain voice, should express its approval of the policy of the Education Committee that a healthy body must be a condition precedent to effective school education. It may fairly be said that the medical inspection side of educational work in Warrington was making progress. The medical clinic, which was the machinery tor seeing that the child's ailment,revealed by the school:medical inspection,obtpiined proper treatment was getting better known, and consequently tatter liked. The parents of the poorest children, who, except in serious illness, had hitherto had no doctor at all, were beginning to see the advantage of having their children's defects pro, ptly and properly attended to and on the other hand, where as was unfortunately the case, the ignorance or apathy of the parent prevented the child from receiving the necessary medical treat- ment power was now given under the Children Act to avoid the sins of the fathers being visited on the children. A special branch of medical treatment was the care of the teeth. Roughly speaking, 75 per cent. of the children attending elementary schools in War- rington had unsound teeth, and that fact alone, if further proof were necessary would be sufficient justi- fication for the dental clinic, which was established a little over twelve months ago, and which was getting into good working order. It was hoped that in time the town would see its way to confirm the appointment of at least one whole-time dentist for dealing with this particular work, and there was probably no direction in which public money could be better spent—on the principle of " a stitch in time," and that prevention was always cheaper than cure. England still had a lot of leeway to make up in social matters like those compared with what had been done by our neighbours across the North Son, where in 1912 no less than forty-five of the big towns had well-established dental clinics, which in many instances had been working for some years. Might the fact that Warrington had been the first of the large towns in this country to adopt practical means of raising the standard of national health amongst the children of the elementary schools be not only an incentive to further efforts in the same direc- tion, but also an example to others to follow in her footsteps.

WARRINGTON AND THE TRADE BOOM. The MAYOR moved the re-election of Mr Frost as president. He said that his abilities eminently fitted him for the office, and a more suitable gent lenian could not be found. He was rather disappointed—perhaps it was an oversight in the President's speech—that he did not make it clear whether the becoming prosperity applied to Warrington. He did not know whether the wave of good trade was actually reaching Warrington. They were told it had, but he had not been able to verify it from his own experience, and many other people were in doubt on the point. He was glad the President sounded the note of satisfaction over inter- national prosperity. They ought not to be jealous of the prosperity of other nations, because when other nations; prospered so did we pan i ?Assn Mr R T FAIRCLOUGH (Messrs 3 Fairclough and Sons Ltd.) seconded. Mr Frost had done exceedingly well for the Chamber, and he wished the members would respond in appreciation of his work. The Chamber would then be more useful than it had hitherto bum.

The motion was warmly agreed to. Mr FROST, hi ac!inowledgment, said he did not think it necessary for him to say that the trade boom applied to Warrington. Without Warrington the Empire could not exist—(laughter)—and the Mayor ought to know better than anybody else that Warrington being the hub of the Empire, why of course trade was good in the town. (Laughter and applause.) The NTAYort (smilingly) : There are e,:ceptions to every rule,and I thought Warrington might possibly be excepted. Mr FROST: No, sir • if Warrington were down, the st would be down. _

Captain Crosfield was elected to the vice-presidency. Mr FROST remarking that he had shown hy great ofrsonal sacrifice and his love of Empire. RS well as his devotion for his native town, that he was eniinently fitted for the position. Mr W Skinner was re-elected hoe treasurer, and Mr C D Parkinson was again appointed hon auditor. The retiring members of the Council were re-elected.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE MEDICINE IN WARRINGTON. Veno's Specialities Working Wonders. FREE FOR SHORT TIME ONLY.

A nurse is in attendance daily at Messrs. Boots, Cash Chemists, corner of Sankey street and Bridge street, Warrington, to give free doses of Veno's Lightning Cough Cure and Veno's Seaweed Tonic to all who call.

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the far famed remedy for all Throat, Chest, and Lung Troubles, which is sold the world over and recommended by many doctors. Veno's Seaweed Tonic is guaranteed to cure the most aggravated forms of •••tornach, Liver, Kidney, and Blood Diseasds, and the cures which are daily announced are of such an extraordinary character. as to excite deep and widespread interest. All suffering persons are requested to call immedi- ately and test these remedies free. They can be purchased afterwards at Is l!d. and 2s. 9d. of any chemist. Don't hesitite to call. All are welcome Last day for free doses, Monday, February 10th.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
()OTTE J

NESLEYAN E Thursday's vi 80ld-street Chap ever regarded, th 'n a very real se To begin with, is he has entered it, Price Hughes i London Mission. t° be told that •-'r lhat extraordinar: jo conjunction al that in the meant tave been started sttperintendent o ; ts traditions rigt fal stories to tell. bat that excellen iot permanently , • IfUSING ALL 1, '' Bootless Bare ottelget !" In sor Graham Peace he a week ago. It r a big wind instru tame, and on beii troroptly explair :esses o' th' Barr ' GENTLE HE Last week's ti (irate brought t bich postulates orates. By-the- ler a fevv rem lerical professio Surely it is E ornmentators aro hould form 8 n i heological collel complain of the scriptures and of though (as Mr J .BPoech in Wales lel:comber that all that do not belon 7 art—that is th LERGYMA.N'S The same authe or anyone to Buff, bat prevalent cc orrnerlv, but de red him of il alf an hour with f the throat." Isabject to the ma exp.!auation in th heir congregatio! , them, counsel 46 judge, so tha' ornparatively slit URATES NSTA. There are two are never overcro are always in den ireceive more tht lltent in a Church tictlrate, but when, (4,5' an error apPo' l'orldred replies f ' ' 1- Il'ho were als, in seeking a curacy. 4 USEFUL Tit. Cocoanuts, so 1 P°Pular 'Utilised in a way all but exhaust 'Children's Cor considerably into tatter substitute, ists eo that the in I s now everywher 21ts and milk. "Brranty cf a r I,l3otati time ago I led t,, supp 't :a,surned it. Sit 'IILII to detect any article initiat, CAT AND MOL i The lines " Wi W"Uncle Caleb as out walking No Public house 4 rernenabere4 th infested with inol good prick was bourers thereat able sums by Cato reward. I there tnoles, and he tol Recounting for th, that moles were r a Itad been so corni kO a young cat on IKitten, it was int] 11(131:ediately bega L o it took to ki rdies into the k Fendering apprec achievements. . 1 haunts and pine! Pests, and this Neared. CONCERNING , From time to binterest the antic] iting of " Exa 'tie current aerie :131'essl7. Abou 'as editor of the Mr. A.thelbur ,-,lrhood of Ke att'litar lines, am ° that I know sr tAll" is now sl i was not on tha '°e.ashire has endered " Whe 'haerve that in • rsvellers' Dian' smoke the cerine.lv to me, but 11. 814allY be in s ,ere's na,,_,_ rnoke,,, ''''' '' lIEGISTR AR lAt a recent pu " LYMen Free ' °Ported that " 1 lad been appoin 'rave to confess t' the local cc l'tzled by this. °Y experience tl tuk,e Nonconfor Imtelgnedl re'oi b. Y J 1e it part, the lal "ieroselves to re aces of worshii sf the obnoxious tss there to timl *; the invidious c 't the Establist ,riting commun 'tit as at prose 17 Free Church ' delightedl elsey vs 'rethren whe :ted. They will 1 04 . Rosa Dartle, 'kui'd myself in t ,at sornone may 1;.•• AUG USTI/ Last Week's i I tesnaan, who it °;tY add some "Daily ( 1 teaklent of the •,a;'',lvhat might 1 1,1;t4 broad bro kAl°l"ons nnon l tl ,4?ioned black '''ll adds to th osifight have thou ~4.uentury ago. itt:itttilvelitettilf ma osNraeiodnt: ~......_itttared in Non, —.............,

Itzi ~,, it,,

1

4otui and Tubes e rlataaV

Nob & b tiscr r

===== 0002601_19130201_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AiN6

===== 0002601_19130201_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

AVESLEYAN ENTERPRISE. Thursday's visit of the Rev. J E Rattenbuty to 80ld-street Chapel set me thinking of many things.How- !ever regarded, that well-known lecturer may be said ,Itt a very real sense to be in the apostolical succession 0 begin with, is he not a son of the manse? Then 8h55 entered into the labours of the late Rev. Hugh .ryrice Hughes in connection with the great West London Mission. Few but very young Methodists need !t? be told that ?rice Hughes organised and established !Ilat, extraordinary religious work at St. James' Hall, conjunction with the Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, and that in the meantime several other successful missions Ilaye been started on similar lines. Mr Rattenbury,as !3uperintsudent of the West Loudon Mission, upholds Its traditions right worthily. He has some wonder- Stories to tell. Loyal Methodists will take care that that excellent work of which he has charge shall ttint permanently suffer from lack of funds. 41RJSING ALLITERATI 'N. Bootless Baronet Bravely Battles with Bold Bad get!" In some such alliterative fashion did Mr ;raltael Peace head his contribution to these columns week 4 ago. It reminded me of the performer upon b. • wind instrument who wrote seven B's after fits "arne, and on being asked what the letters stood for rniPtly explained. "Best Bloomin' Blower in easeS o' th' Barn Brass Band !" GENTLE HINT. Last week's titbit concerning the superior young enrate brought to mind the rather severe definition :bleb postulates three sexes—masculine, feminine and orates. By-the-bye may one without impertinence ffer a few remarks upon a subject respecting the ;lerical profession which presses more and more? 14.,nrely it is not unreasonable that indignant I:,,cantrientatorB are beginning to insist that elocution .md form an integral part of the teaching it) every l„ "egical college. One has often heard people 5-(49elaln of the dry and lifeless reading of the tkenetures and of the monotonous delivery of sermons, (as Mr J Herbert Lewis, M.P., observed in a ' cvßenb in Wales a while ago) such people should rti!inlember that all men are not equally gifted. Powers ih„at do not belong to them by nature can be acquired !ter art—that is the point. :'''-'ERGYMAN'S SORE THROAT. if The same authority insists that it is not necessary I er anyone to suffer from this digressing and some- at prevalent complaint. He admits that he did so te'rmerly, but declares that a few shouting lessons ilted him of 't so that he can now "bawl for tof au hour without in any way straining the chords throat." I have noted that barristers are not I:ll°.iect to the malady as preachers are, and I find the 'tsnation in the fact that whereas the clergy address tu eirth Congregations from a pulpit and thus talk down e lthe . counsel while speaking in Court looks up to Judge, so that the strain upon the vocal chords is ,et7tParatively slight. t IPA-TES WANTED. 'here are two occupations, one for each sex, which Sr never overcrowded curates and domestic servants ii:ee always in demand. I know of a vicar who did not .4e,ei,ve more than one reply a week to an advertise- in a Church newspaper stating that he wanted a Cate, but when, after two months, the advertisement an error appeared in the wrong column, he had a yilludred replies from clergymen all over the country e`Twere also in need of a curate and thought he was tAe,,l'ic,44 a curacy. L3EF UL TREE. '„ 'ecotinuts, so long employed for the purposes of the 14/.Bi;ular " shy " at fair time, are nowadays largely all 8d in a way which I do not find indicated in the s,„, nut exhaustive little article printed in the I:l:t.thteirldren's Corner" last week. They enter very [nuneiderably into the manufacture of margarine. This substitute, which used to be made of foreign so that the ingredients were always problematical, tiltintew everywhere advertised as consisting. wholly of sand milk. No doubt when accompanied by the rtant y (1 a reliable firm, it is quite wholesome. time ago I was imposed upon with a sample, leo`eg led to suppose it was genuine butter until I bad lfairinned it. Since then I have eaten lots of it, and !th to detect any difference between the margarine and cAe article initiated. AND MOLER. h 'ne lines " Winter partners," likewise introduced ilia: Uncle Caleb," reminded me of another thing. I !tid out walking in the country, and called at a way- ij re Public house in connection with which was a farm aitl. ere.mbereJ that one field in particular was formerly ufested vvith moles, which were so troublesome that ',rood Price was set upon them and some of the abi urers thereabout occasionally made quite respect- ?. ° enma bY catching the creatures and claiming the t ae owl ta sr d a. n d therefore asked the landlord about the e told me a singular story by way of Iletheetltunting for their di-appearance for it was a fact had moles were no longer seen in the field where they to a been 50 "Innleu and such a nuisance. Pointing lt Young cat on the hearth, he stated that when, as a i‘te_t,en, it was introduced into the household, it almost ediately began to develop an interest in the moles ,bne'cin it took to killing them, invariably bringing the ite,.l,eB into the kitchen as if conscious that it was ,aeltil9ering appreciable service and was proud of its baelevernents. It would Sit for hours near their 'IN and P patiently await opportunity to destroy the ests s : anu tiLslls went on until the field was entirely ,eleared. 'CONCERNING A PROVERB. from time to time I have followed with great ' tate.rest the antiquarian researches of that most pains- itbk,,lng of " Examiner " contributors "A. M.", and current series on nursery rhymes appeal to me I lwteaalY. About a quarter of a century ago, when l 4 Leditor of the now defunct "Halifax Free Press, Athelburt Binns, who resided in the neigh- nod of Keighley, wrote for me on somewhat S o ;Or lines, and I have an old work dealing with it, know some little of the subject 'upon which ,it is now shedding fresh light. This by the way; not on that account that I began this paragraph. irenlasbire has an old proverb which is popularly ,obaeered " Where there's muck there's money.' I Iravry,e that in proposing a toast at the Commercial 'ther„eiders Dinner, Mr. P. O'Brien quoted " Where • is smoke there's money being made." The version v me, but it strikes me that the saying would :the'''nadY be in some such terms, and that " Where !ernorke:s„ muck " is a corruption " Where there's kit,h(:i.rleSeTeß recent public FOR LYME. public meeting under the auspices of kap° rnrn Free Church Council, the hon. secretary !bad ir3l'ed that " a registrar of marriages for Lymm :have be that appointed as a result of their efforts." I thto confess that, probably owing to my ignorance :Puzzle, local conditions. I have been not a little Any eu bY this. In all other districts of which I have ,t 0 th"Perience the functionary referred to has been tiafe? Nonconformist as a red rag to a bull, and they theirB4edlY rejoiced when, after years of agitation on Ithenallrt, the law made it possible for their ministers Pla'ves to register marriages at their respective of the '3,f worship and so dispense with the attendance 'Ns ti; enn,.xious official whose presence (even when he th ere te time) was at once an offensive reminder Of ti? invidious distinction made between the clergy sent. e Established Church and the ministers of Dis- bqt Leg communities. I daresay Lymm is all right, ps at present informed I cannot understand why Ito rethre (1 r.ee Church friends thete should so strive for and elightedl • welcome an appointment which their O :tsteci elsewhere have all along so strongly depre- Ilike i,ibeY will probably laugh at my foolishness,but, Dartle, I want to know you know; and when .that n_myself in that case I frankly avow it in order 1411;:rnii0rnay take pity and lighten my darkness. ‘-'‘-rDSTINE BIRRELL. sta, St week's issue had a note on this author and ,(eatn who n• shortly to speak in Warrington, and th-Y add somewhat thereunto. I recollect a writer r55.,,8 " Daily Chronicle" thus describing the then 1 t„ient of the Board of Education ;—" Mr Birrell Wi'Q iLwllat might be called an' Early 'Victorian ' face - fa:llroad broad brow, square head., ;haven lips, a keen 01%ms mouth, ,aavrintginwifthvoice. He wears an old- ed black r hardly visible collar, rsil°l adds to this effect. Looking at him to-day, one Ritheteha.ve thought him a figure from three-quarter, -,,,vit,ntury ago. And a commanding figure at that more to the like effect. The subject has said in the House of Commons: 41147_111 a Nonconformist, born and bred, a man 4ted in Nonconformist history and Nonconformist

traditions, one who might al most be described as having been born in a Nonconformist library! " A glance at a reference book gives the date of the birth as January 19th, 1850, revealing that the right hon. gentleman was born near Liverpo A, the youngest son of the Rev Charles Birrell, pastor of Pembroke Chapel, and grandson of a prominent IN on- conformist; and that he was educated at Arnersham Hall School, near Reading. THE PARALLEL WITH " ELIA."

To take up another point raised in last week's para- graph, it has been truly remarked that the student cannot read far into cue of his essays without coming to the conclusion that he has much in common with Charles Lamb; above all, what has been well described as " a sense of humorous gravity." A critic, reviewing his "Miscellanies," neatly summed up his individuality by saying : "Mt Birrell's charm lit sin his splendid sanity, his geniality, his sense of humour, his love of common humanity, and his fine scorn of cant" In ' Truth hunting " he writes of his beloved Charles Lamb: "He lived his life cracking his little jokes and reading his great folios, neither wrangling with nor accepting the opinions of the friends he loved ti-) see around him. To a contemporary stranger it might well have appeared as if his I,fe were a frivolous and useless one as com- pared with those of these philosophers and thinkers. They discussed their great schemes and affected to probe deep mystei ies, and were constantly asking: What is Truth ?' Ile sipped his glass, shuffled his cards, and was content with the humbler inquiry: What are trumps ? ' " BIRRELLISMS.

As we were reminded in last week's reference, the author of "Obita Dicta" .whom we shall presently have the pleasure of bearing in Warrington, has added at least one new word to the dictionary. " Historians ! " he ejaculates in a most serious study on an historical subject. "Their name is Perfidy! Unless they have good styles they are so bard to read, and if they have good styles they are so apt to lie! " That comments a fellow-scribe,is a piquant `:Birrellism."No wit could be less artificial than such wit; though in his younger days Mr Birrell has confessed to having been con- sumed with a desire to be witty. This was in order that he might amuse his audiences, not bore them ; and the desire sprang from pity. "I no longer pity my audiences," he declares. "I punish them !" 83 Warrington now knows what to expect. ROUGH ON ACTORS.

It is notorious that Mr Augustine Birrell is peculiar in his utter .lack of sympathy with actors. It has been pointed but that of actors indeed, he has written quite scathingly—for a man of his genial nature. He speaks of "the notorious bad taste of actors" and of " the inherent pettiness of the actor's art," and notes, in his whimsical way, as an objection to the actor's call- ing, that no record of his art survives to tell his tale : " When old gentlemen wax garrulous over actors dead and gone,young geptlemengro w somnolent Chippendale the cabinet-maker is more potent than Garrick the actor. The vivacity of the actor no longer charms (save in Boswell) ; the chairs of the former still render rest imp )ssible in a hundred homes." Warrington has of late years been visited by many distinguished authors, lecturers and politicians, and most of us will count it a privilege to be able to add Mr. Birrell to the list.

. • , . • • ~ eq. Mak astermlnated by DANVSZ VIRUS, Pninonous and harmless to Rum= lteanga, astie and other Animals. Single Tubs bt. Tribes 5/-• pont tree from : te",YSZ VIRUS LIMITED. (Sox 210 Street, London, and ot all Lllsmleilan

===== 0002601_19130201_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ffil

===== 0002601_19130201_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
'IONAL

MIERCE.

al subject of it the annual inmerce held was proud to iod of record he Empire's this in spite strike, which trous in its rt strike in the North. setbacks the On looking ,ion that bad Some people vourable eye. uion, for ..4e

THE BETTER.

;ould and did ay for them

to have an le desire and very strong wars, which 'ars, Tshether be avoided. 3 of goodwill bly aided by ognition that was some- objected to that nation was liable to necessary to e doomed to y entirely on that before 3 post, in an Lt of himself, n as this was e little or no ci ccntinue to without any ithout, they more pros - s accon3pany-

)f the report eview of the il had from kes and the Jaen decided to address ssibilities of 3stion. The Lent of Bank t last to be

raised, and ess. But in done before Elts, and was Che accoLnts nk of I9s Id and Sons, •ested by the

, which- was they heard a Ants c) view, ;hould not be

sentative on e committee bringing the supposed to ork, and the

E'FICIENCY work of the ress upon the e chiLiren in

Warrington

product of g the main v clerk, even f little use !, and it was, er, with no ,roval of the healthy body !ct ive school the medical trrington was icb.. was the tjevealed by per treatment uently better 1, who, except, loctor at all, having their

attended to rtunately the at prevented edical treat- ldren Act to isited on the Jeatment was 75 per csnt. 3ols in War- 'act alone, if Ificient justi- ?,stablisbed and which let. It was uld see its least one Lis particular on in which e principle of was always t of leeway anpared with iss the North 9 of the big cs, which in

some years.

the first of )pt practical tional health .hools be not same direc- allow in her

r, BOOM. Mr Frost; as nently fitted aleman could d—perhaps it

,--that he did ig prosperity whether the Warrinftton. been able to d many other was glad the

over inter- lie jPalous of when other

ugh and Sons edingly well 'Tubers would The Chamber hem been.

lid not, think loom applied Empire could ght to know on being the was good in

exceptions ighl; possibly

-1.E3 down, the

e-presidency. vn hy great e, RS well as as eminently

lurer, and Mr uditor. The lected.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
GTON.

Monders

essrs. Boots, t and Bridge s of Veno's eed Tonic to

le far famed g Troubles, amended by

to cure the Kidney, and are daily ry character

'all immedi hey can be . Dd. of any .e welcome 7 nth.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
p e•'•"••••"-r\dv‘r‘fteNe•'‘e,•%/ iCHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. Ne-,‘"•.........•,-.

SPIDERS' NESTS AS FLYTRAPS.

In Mexico, in certain localities, the people suspend in their apartments nests of sociable spiders taken from oak trees, to which the flies come and get taught, thus ridding the houses of disagreeable guests. These nests, which the natives call mosqueros, vary in size. They sometimes cover a space of six feet. The exterior of the nest is composed of an envelope of two kinds of thread. One somewhat stronger than the other and extending from one branch to another, constitutes the cordages which maintain the edifice. The other threads, softer and glutinous, serve to capture the prey. The interior of this pocket is filled with a network of threads inextricably entangled. Among them numerous cells and galleries are skilfully disturbed, which give the mass a spongy appearance. Each year as the rainy season approaches, the Indians go into the wooded mountain region to gather more mosqueros and bring them back to their homes. They suspend them to the ceilings of their rooms where from that time the spiders continue to live as if they were at home. They place these nests not only in the rooms which they occupy but in their barns and stables as well. A curious thing is that the nests seem to exercise an irresistible attraction to winged insects, which is owing perhaps to their colour or some peculiar odour that our sense of smell is not sufficiently subtle to perceive. The mosquera grows larger concentrically, so to speak, after each capture; when an insect comes and gets caught he is immedi- ately seized and covered in a cell by the spider who makes him his prey and is finally devoured, leaving an empty place which becomes a new cell.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME UGLY LITTLE flips.

If you don't believe in fairies, and the elves are not And you your have nfrojefnd aitsh, ii brownies or in gnomes, Let me give you just a glimpse Of the ugly little Imps That invade to-day so many happy homes. Impoliteness is an Imp whom every child should try to shun, And older people, too, without a doubt, Impatience is another Who will cause you lots of bother 'Lest you send him quickly to the right-about. IMPertinence and IMPudence are naughty little twins And, oh, it is astonishing to see he mischief that they do! And, my dear, if I were you, Their comrade I would never, never be. One little IMP will sit astride a pencil or a pen When'er there is a problem hard in view, And draw his mouth 'way down, And whine out with a frown : IMPossible ! IMPossible to do !"

IMPudence and 111 Penitence and IMPulae are three more

(Though the latter is not always under ban) ; And there are more, no doubt, Who are hovering about To get us into mischief if they can. Of little foxes you have heard, who spoil the lovely vines. These ugly IMPS are dangerous, toa, you see. Let us raise a battle shout ! We may put them all to rout Oh, what glorious victory that would be ! THIS WEEK'S STORY. OVERHEARD IN THE FISH SHOP. " 'Ere, mister, this lobster's only got one claw."

"I'm sorry, sir, but you know lobsters fight one another, and I expect this one lost in the fray." "Well, take it away, and bring me the winner."

===== 0002601_19130201_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF LINKS ON THg L. (t;', N.-W. R.

In response to a large number of inquiries on the subject, an interesting booklet has been issued by tbo London and North-Western Railway Company giving particulars of the Golf Links on or near their system, with secretaries' names, fees, ttc. These include some of the most sporting links in the Country. Exceptional facilities are now offered to golfers, and tickets at a single fare and a third for the double journey (minimum is.) are issued to individual golfers traveLling to a golf link for the purpose of playing golf, on surrender at the booking office of a voncaer on approve.' form signed by the Secretary of the Golf Club. Full particulars may be obtained at any of the Company's Agencies, Town Offices, or the Enquiry Office, Evaiton Station, N•W.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
The, Examiner, Saturday, February 1, 1913.

iANTIQUARIAN CHAPTERS.'

If we quote the Welsh song we shall see that it has the same features as the others. By your leave we will sing Concerning our king Our king is well drest In silk of the best In his coach he does ride With a great deal of pride And with four footmen To wait upon him We have travelled many miles Over hedges and stiles To find you this king Which we now to you bring. Another wren-song which hails from Carmarthenshire is a kind of dialogue song and insists that the hunt shall be carried out in the ancient way. It is too interesting to be omitted:

0, where are you going says Milder to Malder 0, I cannot tell, says Festal to Fose, We're going to the woods, says John the Red Nose 0 what will you do there says Milder to Malder We'll shout the cutty wren, says John the Red Nose 0, how will you shoot her With cannons and guns? 0, that will not do With arrows and bows 0, how will you cut her up With knives and forks ? 0, that will not do With hatchets and cleavers. 0, how will you boil her In kettles and pots ? 0, that will not do In cauldrons and pans

0, who'll have the spare ribs ? 0, Icannot tell,

We'll give them to the poor, says John the Red Nose. AN ENGLISH SURVIVAL. Let us now see what we have in England and Scotland that belongs to wren-hunting. The English nursery rhyme is very old but there is no printed version dating earlier than about 1740.

We will go to the wood says Robbin to Bobbin, We will go to the wood says everyone We will shoot at a wren says Robbin to Bobbin, We will shoot at a wren says everyone, She's down, she's down says Robbin to Bobbin How shall we get her home says Bobbin to Robbin We will hire a cart says Robbm to Bobbin Then hoist, hoist, says Bobbin to Bobbin She's up, she's up, says everyone So they brought her away After each plucked a feather And when they got home Shared the booty together.

The Scotch rhyme is so much like it that it need not be quoted. The wren is "slayed," carried home "in a cart" and goes into the house by " pulling down the door cheeks." It ends.

I'll hae a wing, quo' Fozie Mozie, I'll hae anither, quo' Johnnie liednosie I'll hae a leg, quo' Foslin 'ene, And I'll hae another quo' brither and kin.

Putting these ditties together and taking careful account of the wording and allusions we shall find much to engage our interest. In the first place they prove that the old ceremony of hunting the wren included the cutting up of the body and the eating of the portions. So tiny a bird as the wren would never be hunted for its food value and we cannot come to any other con- clusion than that the bird was cut up in a sacrificial manner every part being valued and even the feathers possessing curious powers. Other allusions show that the wren was hunted by organized bands of hunters. They kill him with bow and arrow or sticks and stones; then he is put upon a cart and carried home ; he is boiled in the brewery pan ; the king and queen are said to have the best parts, poor people have the giblets and the feathers are divided.

The Carmarthenshire version is specially interesting as containing a protest that the programme should be carried out in the old way and that a cart should be used and bow and arrows as of old.

All these arrangements are an absurdity as applied to a tiny bird of only an ounce or two's weight, but they are very interesting as handing down to us the old traditions of wren-hunting and as reflecting in a crude form habits and beliefs that were once realities.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
"WHO KILLED COCK ROBIN ?"

A CHAPTER UPON A STRANGE SURVIVAL.

Visitors to Egypt, who examine the stone carvings at Abydos come upon a familiar scene as they enter one of the side chapels of the temple of King Seti. Chiselled upon the wallis a scene that might easily serve as an illustration of the dirge of Cock Robin. A dead bird lies upon a bier; around it are sorrowing birds which look like hawks, whilst one !which is on the wing appears to be carrying down a seal amulet. These carv- ings at Abydos are about 3,300 years old. So early in the world's history did people tell stories about martyred birds over whom "the birds of the air fell to sighing and to sobbing." Can this, then, be our old lamented friend Cock Robin, and did they thus early sing his dirge?

We hardly think so; but if we can get a clue to the bird at Abydos over whom his friends are weeping we may have a clue to the much-bemoaned Cock Robin of a later day.

Our inquiry will have to proceed upon general lines and we may not get very con- vincing results; but ancient bird-lore is very interesting and won't disappoint us.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRD AND ANIMAL SACRIFICES.

There can be no doubt that many nursery pieces refer to bird sacrifices and cont-iin echoes of the ritual with which they were sacrificed.

In very early times certain animals and birds were held sacred, just as the cow is held sacred in India to-day. These were held in perfect veneration and it was considered an unlucky and even dangerous thing to do them harm.

Yet periodically one of the sacred creatures was killed as a sacrifice with elaborate ritual and a solemn service. The subject has been discussed at great length by our antiquarians, particularly by Professor J. G. Frazer, and it has many attractive features. According to the learned Professor, our early ancestors believed the spirit of the sacrificed bird or animal to become incarnate in other creatures of its kind. They seem to have regarded the animal as a representative ot a certain clan and in killing it together they believed that the sacrifice constituted a bond between a number of kinsmen. _ _

The ancient usage must be mentioned here because it gives us our starting point in a discussion of the curious attitude our ancestors took towards certain birds. We are specially concerned just here with the wren. This little bird was singled out as sacred not only in England but throughout Western Europe. Possibly the little golden crest worn by one kind of wren gave it dis- tinction. That it was held in respect can be discovered from its names. In Latin it was rex avium, (king of birds), in Greek Basilikos, in French the wren is Roitelet. In Spain, Italy and Germany too, the wren has a name which means king or little king.

In— later ages some curiosity was felt that so small a bird as the wren should be called the king and so the story was invented which told that the birds challenged one another as to which could fly nearest the sun, that the wren concealed himself among the eagle's feathers and managed when the eagle was exhausted to fly a few inches higher. But the true explanation is that the wren was held sacred by early man and was called king in a very remote past.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MODERN WREN SACRIFICE.

Let us now take note of the fact that the custom of sacrificing the wren is still observed. In early days, long before the dawn of history, it was sacrificed for the reasons we have briefly giver. In our own day it is sacrificed in circumstances of peculiar cruelty in Ireland, France and the Isle of Man. Happily, the custom appears to have completely vanished from England. In the Isle of Man it takes place on December 27th. This date marked, according to the old reckoning, the beginning of the New Year. The people used to observe a watch-night in the Church and then pass out to hunt the wren. When a bird was secured it was fastened to a long pole with its wings drawn out wide, and was carried through the lanes to the song,

"We hunted the wren for Robbin the Bobbin."

The chant described that the bird was hunted with sticks and stones, that a cart was hired, that he was boiled in a brewery pan, eaten by the king and queen, and the pluck given to the poor. Such was the song. The usage was to carry the bird round the parish and then lay it upon a bier in the churchyard. Next came a funeral of great solemnity with dirges in the Manx language called "The knell of the wren." The concluding scene was a dance in which the people joined hands and danced in a ring to music.

Fifty years or so ago it ceased to be a ceremony for up-grown people, but fell into the hands of the boys. These killed a wren and carried it from door to door suspended by its legs in the centre of two hoops. The hoops were decorated with ribbons and the boys sang the old dirge. A feather plucked from the wren was left at each house in exchange for a piece of money. The old superstition of the sacredness of the wren still lingers in Manxland in the belief that the feathers of the sacrificed bird possess a charm and will preserve the owner from shipwreck for a whole year. The wren is no longer buried in the graveyard but upon the sea shore or waste land.

The Manx people have lost all knowledge of the meaning of the wren hunt, but have invented a legend to explain it. II is to the effect that a fairy of great beauty acted the part of Syren to the men of the island,leading them by her sweet voice to follow her until she had drawn them into the sea. At last some soldier arose to destroy her but she escaped by taking the form of a wren. They go out on New Year's morning in the hope of settling accounts with the bad fairy.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WREN SACRIFICE IN IRELAND.

In Ireland wren hunting was common until the last century. It still survives in Leinster and Connaught. Here also the bird is carried round hung in hoops to the song. The wren, the wren the king of all birds, Was caught St. Stephen's day in the furze Altho' he's little his family's great, Then pray, gentlefolk, give him a treat.

This verse is useful to us in our enquiry as retaining the old belief that the wren was a royal bird.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WELSH RITUAL.

In Wales the custom, we think, is now abandoned, but up to quite recently in Pembrokeshire several wrens were carried round in a cage on January 6th (the old Twelfth day) from house to house.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRD SACRIFICE IN FRANCE.

Further light COMI3S to us as we cross the Channel and study the rhyme of France. Here, too, wren-hunting was practised through centuries, but we have not been able to ascertain whether it is still followed. They used to catch a bird on Christmas Eve and take it to the priest who set it free in the Church. The people vied with each other to catch the first wren, and if the fortunate one was a woman this gave the sex the right to jeer at the men and smear their faces with mud.

In other places the lucky man or woman was hailed king and carried round shoulder high. On Twelfth Day he attended Church in mock state and called on the Mayor and Bishop.

They have also in France a song that describes the plucking and dividing of the bird. It goes over the ceremony showing that they began at the left eye and travelled over the body by an orderly plan until the last feather was taken from the tail. Yet all the time the bird is said to keep on singing, a detail that reflects the old belief that the bird was not really dead, but that his spirit passed into the rest. A Breton poem gives another piece of infor- mation. It tells how the wren was kept in a cage and fattened until the day when the butcher came and sacrificed it to an accom- paniment of ritual and then revelry. In this realm of bird sacrifices we also meet our friend Cock Robin. But he figures in so many aspects that we must make him the subject of a special chapter. A. M.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be Continued.)

PIMPLES SPREAD ON FACE.

20, Frederick St., Bradford, Yorks, Eng.—" Some two years ago I broke out down the side of my face with some pimples. They got worse and they spread down the side of my face. I could not sleep at night for itching and scratching, and also got sl I would not go out as I was a very bad sight to look at. It spread to my head and the hair began to fall off my head. I was told it was eczema. I commenced to try some salves and ointment but found that they did not do me any good, but I got worse. "I happened to see an advertisement about Cuticura Soap and Ointment so I thought that I would try them. Before I had used one set I was nearly cured. The secoud set my eczema was gone and my skin began to heal and my hair began to' grow again. After using four sets of Cuticura Soap and Ointment lam perfectly cured and my skin is as smooth and clear as before I had any skin disease." (Signed) Fred Imeson, June 5, 1912. Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold by chemists everywhere. A sample of each with 32-p book post-free from nearest dept: Newbery, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London; It. Towns I Co., Sydney, N.S.W ; Lennon, Ltd., Cape Town; ' Muller, Maclean and Co, Calcutta and Bombay; "Cuticura," Boston, U.S.A. Tender-faced men should shave with Cuticura Soap Shaving Stick. Sample free.

THE NEW ZEALAND OIL INDUSTRY. Good progress is being made at tic Taranaki Oil Well, Ltd., works. The refinery buildings are in course of erection, and the plant is coming to band. Tee derrick for the first rotary drill has been completed, and the plant mostly on the ground. The railway i siding into the works s well under way. Three yield- ing wells are all flowing freelyt and the bore at Bell Block is now down 110 feet. ?reparations are well advanced for starting a further bore in that locality, and bricklayers are badly wanted.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGIER,.',4)mwsIoN

"A SURE PICK-ME-UP."

The Rev. W. Holroyd, of 1d Windre Street, St. Helens, writes:— _ _

Dear Sirs,—As a sure pick-me-up when run down; as a preventative against taking cold; and as a voice tonic, I have found nothing to equal Angier's Emulsion. It is so pleasant to the taste that the most fastidious need not be deterred from taking it. Its beneficial effects are soon discovered by those who give it a genuine trial. Its efficacy in so many ailments makes it a household necessity. Many an illness would be avoided or shortened by its prompt use. It is a pleasure to recommend it wherever I go.

Angier's Emulsion has been prescribed by the medical profession and used in the hospitals for over twenty years, and is universally recognised as a standard approved remedy for colds and chest affections; digestive and bowel disorders ; run down conditions ; and all wasting diseases. it is soothing and healing and also has a most invigorating tonic influence upon the general health. Of all chemists and drug stores, 1/li, 2/9 and 4/6. Free Sample Nam, Coupon. Address fit in Coupon and send with 3d. for postage to the ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd., 86 Clerkenwell Road, London. 1111111111111 11 1111111 11111111111111 'l' 111111' 1111 1111.

M.

I ti 1, , I WWII I 10111111111111111111111111111111111H111111111111IIIIIIIII1111111111111 I I 10i0k4 4611 111!1 1 11111111111 1 I, 11, 11111111 111 1111 1111Z1111 1 ' ar.,l -F •

===== 0002601_19130201_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
" BUkNS' NICHT."

THE REV. W. REID'S STRIKING TRIBUTE TO THE POET.

"It's guid to be merry and wise, It's guid to be honest and true, It's guid to support Caledonia's cause, And bide by the buff and the blue." _ _

These lines from Burns' "Here's a health to them that's awa' " could be very appropriately applied to the gathering of local Caledonians and " freens " at the Lion Hotel on Saturday evening to celebrate, in common with canny Scots the world o'er, the anniversary of " Bobbie " Burns' birthday. The festivities, which took the form of a dinner and concert, were conducted in a congenial atmosphere, real Scottish wit and humour prevailing throughout the whole proceedings. A great deal was said about " the land o' cakes" and about its sons being more successful than Englishmen in various walks of life. Those successes, according to Councillor J T Locker, who proposed the toast of "The Warrington Association," were due to the splendid education which Scotsmen received. The numerous other toasts were ably submitted, that of" The Immortal memory of Burns" being entrusted to the Rev W Reid who in the course of an eloquent tribute said that Scotland produced Burns, Scotland claims Burns but ScAland cannot hold him ; the must give him to the world. As the guests assembled, Piper Stoddard, of Seacombe played various Scottish airs on the bag-pipes. The dinner, which was an excellent one, was well served. Ile traditional customs were observed in the serving of the haggis, characterised by Burns as the "great chieftain o' the puddin' race." This was brought in with all the ceremony due to it, Piper Stoddard heading a pro cession of waitresses and waiters, each carrying aloft a dish of the pudding. The president (Mr J Fulton Smith), presided and amongst, those present were : —The Mayor (Councillor Dr Joseph), Rev W Reid 2 Councillor Locker, the Chief Constable (Mr Martin Nicholls), Chief Inspector Williamson, Messrs J C Copplck, G Bowman, W Skinner and J Tennant (hon. secretary). Dinner over, the Chairman read the following rgreeting from the Manchester and Salford Caledonian Agacciation :

hearts alowe, we're burnin' now, To join the mighty chorus ; To dower Rah's lays is boon a' praise— His spell is hangin' o'er us. Free out the past, borne on the blast, A sang we'll never tine sir, Says you an' me shall brithers be, In mem'ry o' lang syne sir. The loyal toaAts having been submitted by the President and duly honoured, the Rev \V Item pro- posea the principal toast of the evening, " The immortal memory of Burns." In the course of an eloquent tribute he slid there were many thoughts in his mind in regard to Burns, hut the one that arose readiest to the surface was the environ- ment of the poet and the influence it had on his life Carlyle had said that Burns was fortunate in his father, characterising him As one of those strong,indeJendent sturdy type of men, of thoughtful and intense char- acter and a man of real practical integrity ' • a man who valued knowledge and kept an open mind for all that came his way, and who wa3 friendly and tearless." One could not forget Betty Davidson' with her wealth of tale', ballads and songs. Burns had his books about him, not many, just a few choice ones—Shake- speare, Pope, Milton, Ferguson, Ramsay and the theological works of his days, such as might have hen feeund on the shelves of the average cotter, and the Bible ; that, must not be forgotten These boeks were few in number, but B erns's after-writing- showed that they hal been well conned, and the influence of the home of Burns went with him through life. That was seen in his response in later ye r's to the cotter's "Let us worship God," in which he desyribed the " cheerfu' supper," " the patriarchal sire," and "the big ha' Bible." They had the matter summed up in a nutshell in the following lines From scenes like these old Scotia's grandeur springs, That makes her lov'd at home, revered abroad. There was no doubt that Burns carried with him his father's God, and that he never lost his faith in him was seen in the words : An atheist's laugh's a poor exchange For Deity offended. Of course he bad other books—human nature, open fields, &c.—and these he read not letts intelligently than the volumes he had about him, and as he went further into life one was struck with the fact that he realized what every man could if he chose, namely, that he had a mission in life."o that I for puir aid' Scotland's sake some useful plan or brick could make or sing a song at least." One could read the progressive stages of the poet's life in the words he dashed off with such con- summate skill from time to time, and there was no doubt that he was given to his country in a day when Scot- land's harp was neglected and somewhat broken. It was his privilege to take the harp of the country and re-string it, and as his sympathetic fingers played over its strings, and with his soul ablaze, with consummate skill he sang the hopes, the fears, the loves, the joys, the aspirations and the ideals of his people. Ile drew inspiration from his native mountains, valleys, fields, trees and rivers. He sang to his people in their own tongue. In regard to the complaint of many people that they could not understand the language which Burns used, the rev gentleman said that it was suggested by some that the English language should be enriched by some of these Scotticisms and choice inspirations. It was certainly dull work to those who had to get a glossary and keep it by their side and have to turn over the pages through the alphabet in order to find an explanation of words met with in reading Burns. The works would be emasculated if they attempted to do away with the original language. It was a language, not a dialect, and if -they attempted to rob it of that they would take away its vitality, its life and fervour. Burns's genius and his tenderness came into view as he took the little things, the every-day and commonplace things, and transformed them—the sheep, daisy and the mouse, even turning aside his ploughshear to avoid cutting the thistle down. Away at the back of it all, peering through it all, one could see evidence of a great breadth of mind that ran through, actuated, and dominated the soul and being and all the exercises of the man's life. Burns was not an ecclesiastical reformer, minding creeds only when he saw something more than their; uselessness; namely their danger. Scotland was being scorched by ultra-Calvinism. It might be urged that his work was destructive only and, pbrhaps, not without reason, had he written neither more nor less than "The Holy Fair," "The Kirk's Alarm," "The Twa Herds," e&c., each of which made instructive reading though not drawing-room literature, but a decidedly constructive policy was shown, as he said : " God knows I'm no' the thing I would be, Nor am I even the thing I could be, But twenty Hines I rather would be An atheist clean, Than under gospel colours hid, Be jest for a screen. The heart ay's the part, ay, That mak's us right or wrong." All this because Burns saw not in the Christian faith what he saw around him—cant, hypocrisy, tyranny, wrangling and bitterness—but kindliness goodness, justice, righteousness and love. Dr Craik ha"cl said "The generous verse of Burns springs out of the iron-bound Calvinism of the land like liovving water from Horeb's rock." Yet the truth that ultra-Calvinism was mis- interpreted, and whist which misinterpretation Burns directed his energies of sarcasm and wrath, wd very plainly seen in Burns himself. Burns was noble even in death, and the very ruins of his life collosal. With what would be called the war spirit to-day Burns had no sympathy. True, he wrote a martial song, which, if he had penned naught else, would suffice to keep his memory for ever fresh. But his was the charter song of freedom. He sang in defence of the common heritage of humanity, and in giving to

cotland " sc,,ts mina. nee'b. gave to tne peJines of 'Le world their rignt of liberty. With him it was liberty or death. (Applause.) Scotland produced Burns. icotland claimed Burns, But Scotland could not keep .irn. She must give him to the xiorld. In the day hen irreligion and atheism was doing its best to flood he world, and when Scotland, in her recoil against base things, was pinning her faith to a human creed that threatened to separate and alienate her from faith in mankind, Burns in his God-inspired way, converted ier into the vestibule of the realm of universal brother- nood.

Then let us pray and come it may, As come it will for a' that ; That man to man the wand o'er, Shall brothers be for a' that. The "Lament" was played by Piper Stoddard and the toast was drunk in silence. Councillor J. T. LOCKER proposed the toast of "The Warrington Association." He said it was an o:ganisa- tion whose main objects were charitableness and sociability. Those were the characteristics of a race of which they had need to he proud. Referring to the excellent president they had in Mr Fulton Smith, he said that gentleman had rendered valuable service to the town in connection with municipal affairs, and he (the speaker) who had been proud to ha associated with him on the Council, felt that the town of Warrington lost a great help-mate when Mr. Smith decided to withdraw from that side of public life. (Hear, hear.) He, how- ever, still took a generous interest in most of the local associations. Continuing, the speaker said that in most instances one found Scotsmen 2.t the head of the com- mercial concerns with which they were connected. That imprssion had been confirmed by his long general experience in calling upon great commercial concerns. They found that Scotsmen had made greater progress than any other nation with such e small and limited population, as compared with other parts of the empire, and they had great reason to be proud of their advc.nce. They had been most prominent in the race of Anglo- Saxons in their emigration. They had colonised and were holding important positions in the United States, all of which in his opinion was due to the splendid educa- tion which was, and had been given to Scotch people. In the colonies they found men of culture, who had risen from ordinary homes in Scotland, and were now rendering service to the Empire and more particularly to the homeland, which was almost priceless. In his study be had come to the conclusion that it was the educational system of Scotland which had made them pre-eminent in those particular positions. He hoped it would be the fortune of our British legislators to give to this England of ours a system which would be equally useful to the younger generation. If we could only get the sentiments and inspiration in our youngsteis which appeared to exist in young Scottish people, then we should have a race which would emulate the best achievements of the past. (Applause.) The Me-vort (Councillor Dr Joseph), in responding said some of them might be puzzled to know under what pretext he could come forward as a champion of so great a country, which had produced so great a man as Robert Burns. He though that, to a certain extent, he was on his defence in that case. his mother was Scotch,born in'Scotland of Scottish parents.(Applause) Relating a story, his Worship said that in the latter part of the 18th century that state of education which Councillor Locker had spoken of had not arrived He also mentioned the fact that the late Professor Alexander Murray was his maternal great great uncle. The professor had worked himself up from a shepherd boy and was appointed at Edinburgh because of his being practically the only one who could transcribe a letter written in Abysinnian to King George 111., which was of great diplomatic importance. Continuing his Worship said he thought that Councillor Locker had spoken so well and, he believed, so truthfolly of Scotland,that he (the Mayar) was entitled to say some- thing to make Scotsmen worthy of the observatioLs he had maue. It was a well-known fact that the countries which were barren or unfertile and whose natural resources were small, produced the quickest-witted men and women. It seemeo that where the natural resources were very peat', it tended to ignorance as regarded the mind and body. That was the reason he thought, why dm Sc sen were so successful in contesting with their fellow men in other parts of the world. There was no doubt about it that another thing in favour of Scotland was that its people were not only fond of acquiring knowledge but had a great admiration for b-arning. l'hat was a powerful reason for their advance- ment. It was said that the Sc itch were fend of mohey (Laughter ) He did not think that characteristic could be applied especially to Scotsmen. (Laughter). It might be that Scotsmen took more care of their money than others, but he thought that was also a good quality, so long as they were not too niggardly and made ordinarily gcod use of their money. Applause). Mr W SKINNER in proposing the toast ot "Our Guests" said there were not a large number of Scots- men in Warrington but the society had greatly extended its membersh:p until they now had nearly NO. (Applause). Mr J C COPPOCK replied. In one respect the Scots were a much-maligned race, for they were the most humorous people in the whole world. A toast, which was submitted in humorous and felicitous terms was that of " The Lasses "proposed by Mr P H BROWN, who said he thought they would all agree with him that the lasses to a great extent dominated and directed Burns' life. (Hear, hear.) Ladies had come to make themselves a felt power in the world. Men regulated their everyday life accord- ing to the ladies. Their comings and goings were directed by them and, if it were not for the ladies, life would be an aching void, it would be dull and insipid— a miserable existence. (Applause). Mr W WEBSTER responded. Referring to the suffragettes, he aaid he crid not think the majority of women were anxious to enter Parliament. He thought, however, that women should have the Parliamentary vote on the same terms as they already exercised it at municipal elections.lf a woman was a housekeeper and paid rates she ought to have the franchise. (Hear, hear). The toast of "The Artistes" was honoured on the propoposition of Mr %V MufuLav, Mr MCARTHUR responding. In the absence of the Vice-President, Mr J Davenport, Mr MARTIN NICHOLLS (Chief Constable) proposed the toast of" The President," remarking at the outset that the only association he had had with Scotland was when he once served with a number of Scotsmen and they were spoken of locally as "foreigners." (Laughter.) He believed Mr Smith had been the President for something like seven or eight years and it was in a large degree due to him tbat the association held such an important position in Mining- ton. On one occasion a Scotsman in Warrington was desirous of going to his native soil, as he said, "to die." His fare was paid, at the instance of members of the Caledonian Association, but it was not long before be was back again and in the local " Palace of Justice." (Laughter). In his reply Mr SMITH said that they as an Associa- tion had set out to try and help those who were not very well off when they came to England, but he was glad to say the calls on the secretary were very small indeed. (Applause.) The artistes who contributed to an excellent, musical programme were : Mrs U Miller, Miss Lockerbie (violinist), Messrs J McArthur, R Mitchell, James Robertson, J Clayton, and G Marshall. Mr Torn Ford was an accomplised accorcpanist. In true Scottish fashion all the members arranged themselves round the room and,each clasping the hand of a " freen, "sang " Auld Lang S 3 ne."

===== 0002601_19130201_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Run Down

I

L

===== 0002601_19130201_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR DESTROYER

James'

Depilatory

Instantlyremoves Superfluous Hairs from the face, Neck, or Arms, without injury to the skin. Of most chemists; or, free from observation, post free on receip of Postal Order for is. 3d., 2s. 9d. or 51.—Mrs. N. JAMES, WA Caledonian Road, London, N.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
...„.e,R.....owN!sr. ...-.o:R.o.Nikli-A.1..

CO tiQHs ,sc col.'

p,STH MA !Kt "F-LUENZIA

===== 0002601_19130201_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
. •'• . • ' --• _ . •

00ARSENEss,

Sold everywhere, 1,

ii per box

===== 0002601_19130201_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES

,L all kinds, Piles, Glandular Sw _ Poison. Rheumatism. Gout, ale., it has effected truly remarkable cures where all other treat- ments Sari failed. It will do the sane fee you.

CURES ALL

01 all alienist. end Iltorsa, 2;11 per battle.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. Piot No 2 No 3 THERAPION prihce 2is/9tsl. eading CURESCem BLOOD POISON, KIDNEY. BLADDER. URINARY DISEASES, DISCHARGES, WEAKNESS, PILES. SEND STAMP ADDRESS ENVELOPE FOR FREE BOOKLET TO DR. LE CLERC MED. CO. HAVERSTOCK RD, HAMPSTEAD. LONDOILENG. PARIS DEPOT: 12. RUE CASTIGLIONE. I A CUR—EI NEW YORK DEPOT: 90. BEEKMAN ST. I FOR YOU TRY NEW GRADER (TASTE LES 6) FORM OF EASY TO TAKE TH ERAPION SAFE AND LASTINGCURE• SEE THAT TRADE MARKED WORD THERAPION * IS ON BRIT. GOVT. STAMP AFFIXED TO ALL GENUINE PACKETS.

f4mAl, i'•ii;*: •''. :i' • st'? ' y• ga 'A- . C ".:A , • ...... . lt , • -4,4.; , "t; •• ; " ~4,--fir*-:•,,:,.,*1;. :•• ' • 0- • • ',.• .g, . ,(:),. . .. .. . . ~_ •• .. . , IVll:txture . . iFor misusing the blood of all impart- ties from whatever Name arising, thersN is no other medicine just as good as CLAccz's BLOOD Mixruaz—that's why In 80 Nanny cases of Eczema, Bad Leg!, Abscesses, Boils, Sores of , _ - ,ellings.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book, containing Valuable Information how all Irregularities and Suppressions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy, Never fails. Thousands of Testimonials. Estab. 1862.

•. MR. PAUL BLANCHARD, Olaeemont House Dalston Lane, London.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
SYM

:ngtheni. nd is prepa. Iply pour boiling poonful of Symin clightful cup of 13, for you.

40s. Syminzton Edinburgh t and Lon,

11 .‘ II raf lb , yJ - - i * at ALL workers welcome delicious and ~.11 invigorating coffee made with Symington's, because it is so stimulating and strer 'ng—it tastes so good a.-axed so quickly. Sim water on a teas Igton's and a dL coffee is ready i Thos. Symington <9 Co., 'don. get

===== 0002601_19130201_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
INGTON

IFFEE ESSENCE

EVERY SPOKE Fl IN THE HUB.

t of C, Work on the Land at good Wag, Domestic Servants guaranteed good Wages in good homes.

For free maps, pamphlets and further particulars, apply to Mr. J. OBED SMITH, Assistant Superin- tendent of Canadian Emigrati, (t, 12, Charing Cross, London, S.W. ; Canadian Government Emigra- tion Agent, 48, Lord Street, Liverpool, or any licensed booking agent.

TS • - - ..t., , „rt.', ~ 4•;,..-'\‘..,,. /0$ gill iiwilim• 'VeAttADAA, "ll';i', ! ~ ? . 4.. 1 .c',••• r / / - / V\ •- .- `^%. o', "i 1"9/))".,//' \,x A co - 1 .. . . gu , e,. overnmea ara The c :anada _ ntees

===== 0002601_19130201_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MPV

===== 0002601_19130201_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
LALL RIOdIS RESERVED. 3

DELL.

BY HELEN MATHERS,

author of " Comin' Thro' the Rye," "Love ani Fortune," "Cherry Ripe," " The Story of Sin," "Blind Justice," "Found .Out," &c.

nd conduct than in any book on etiquette ever written; and there's a remark about a fair woman; without decorum being like a. jewel ol gold in a pig's snout that you will do well tc consider."

"Oh ! you mean that rubbish about- our going with uncovered heads to church," she said, lightly; "as if the parson oughtn't to be do Lighted to see us there at all! Besides, that text in the Corinthians applied to Orientals—not us. Those poor women wore a heavy veil, con cealing even their features ! " "Bare-headed, bare-armed, bare-footed," said the man, "what is there to distinguish you gl3n- 'lewomen nowadays from a pack of factory girls Jut for a spree? Heavens! If when one meets a group of you on the sands the men's arms aren't round your waists, one feels that they uught to. .13c!',

Ile girl laughed again. She was beautiful in a warm, slumbrous way, with a skin like ivory, and rich dark hair and eyes; but now she shot a quick glance at the man's face as he looked thou_g._htfully out to sea. _ . .

"Whose 'fault is it," he said—"the women who give too much,_ or the men who ask so little? We only demand modesty, decency • we don't want to share the woman we love with the whole world. There should be charms, there should be graces, jealously hidden from the world, and kept only for home consumption. Iz. the free-and-easy, go-as-you-please manners of women towards men, of men towards women, is to be found the real reason of the failure of chivalry on the one hand, of true womanliness on the other."

"Oh ! " cried Lenore, with lazy scorn: "wo don't faint at a mouse, and die of a mig)--;n1 as our grandmothers did, if you mean that ! " "But did they?" said the man. "There must have been good stuff in those girls, physically and n;entally, to make the splendid mothers they did. With our own parents went the last of the old cchool. Motherhood nowadays is practically a lost art. The man who wrote the line 'To suckle fools and chronicle small beer' was a fool himself, and a vicious fool at that! " "Now you are indecent ! " cried the girl; yet she was not angry. He kri,lw that she would not resent 'anything that he might say. His nostrils contracted disgustfully, as he moved a little further from her. • It had all gone so pleasantly from first to last —this untrammelled companionship of man and girl—winked at by a blind and complaisant world that had itself set a lax standard of morals and manners. Yet the man knew well enough that it was all wrong--that there had been no true courtship the courtship that should be the dim, cool, fragrant alley leading to the sacrament of marriage in the temple (for marriage is a sacrament to all true women), as it would have been to Dell, from whom Lenore had stolen him; and now he was to slip by a lade wicket, as it were, into marriage, as men tisid girls nowadays drifted, without respect, without illusion.

Lenore drew nearer, and rubbed her e,.)ft cheek Against his coat-sleeve. Yes, that was how she :lad detached him from Dell, by giving so much 4.5 keep him away (and Dell had given so little), apd now he had come to see that modesty was the first and chiefest good in a woman, modesty t.nd a love of home and little children, and 'aeauty was of very little account when it made :tself cheap. Dell's winsome, homely face seemed 10 him now the sweetest thing in life, as repre- renting the sweetest things life had to give, in rye, good repute, and honour, at that moment.

The girl thrust out a little naked foot, beauti ful in form and colour, spanned by a. tan-coloured strap, .and laughed. "The doctors are for ever preaching the open air cure," she said, " urging us all about marc. air and light, and less clothing, yet the momer: we women leave off our hats and stockings, you men grumble ! " "Do you ever read your Bible?" said the man." You'll find in it finer rules for manners a

===== 0002601_19130201_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
He sat quite rigid—his nerves crisping in re- 'pit under Lenore's unwelcome caress—knowing tat he had come to the turning of the ways, hat to marry this girl meant the wrecking ti his future life, and that if he had not the Jourage to break with her now, he would in- vitably break with her after marriage. And as he gat watching his stern, lean face, his silence, is stillness, 1 frightened her. This was more than mere huffiness. Suddenly he felt danger in the air, and sat up straight. " I know who it is," she said, angrily, "it's Dell." He shook his head. "I have not seen her for Dyer a year," he said. It was for exactly a year that his intimacy with Lengre Lepell had lasted. " Dove-eyed, demure glcved," (she would die a shame to be seen even putting on her gloves in the street!) "and a little mother to a host of squalling brats—apparently she is your ideal of what a woman should be!" "Listen, Lenore," he Said. "We have had a good time, you and I. and now we are going to part. No one will say anything. In the present lax state of society, our affairs are no one's busi- ness but our own, and plenty of men are ready to take my place—for beauty is so very, very rare."

Suddenly it struck him how horrible it was that he should be sitting here, saying these things—incredible things; but the girl herself had put the cart before the horse. And yet he was to blame. . . . a man is always to blame if he /cm a woman make herself common and cheap to him. "It's Dell," she said, under her breath. "Dell, Dell, Dell!"

"Lenore," he said, and almost groaned, "why don't you women make us men respect you— Heaven knows we are eager enough to do it! " Lenore laughed contemptuously. Her sleepy eyes were now widely open, for she knew that she had played her cards badly—carelessly—and lost the man. _

Nor could she punish him. When a woman claims complete independence, and emancipates herself wholly from home authority, she forfeits the proLction that her mankind could and would extend to her did she conform to the canon's of conduct that rule girls who respect themselves. Of course, she knew that these accidents some- times happened to girls of her views and habits— that marriages, drifted towards without visible intention on the part of the man, sometimes did not come off; but it was very rarely that a man had the moral courage to "got out" at the last moment, and she ha.d not for a moment expected such courage in -Wilco Gibson. And the man was rich, desirable in every way, and—here was the sting--he would go back to Dell and marry her, and she, beautiful Lenore, would have to put up with one of the inferior men eager to take truce's place. "I feel a cad and a beast," he said; "yet know that what I am doing is for the happiness of both of us—if love were not forthcoming from me you would seek it elsewhere." "Oh! don't mind me," said Lenore. in a hard, dry voice. "It has taken you a considerable time to find out that we were thoroughly unsuited to each other—but better late than never." He whitened, understanding now why so many men married unhappily—because it. was easier to them to be unhappy than cads; yet he knew that his whole future life hung on the issues of the next few moments—that he must he a brute, and a. resolute one, if he were to cut himself clear of her—and suddenly he sprang. to his feet. "Yes, go," she said, furiously; "go back to Dell," and she turned on him a face so deformed by passion that he hardly knew it. Truly "hell bath no fury like a woman scorned," and he felt like a beaten hound as he left her.

The children were all at school, and Dell was done in the little Highgate house. fragrant with flowers, wnen miss Liepeu was announced. There was only a. very slight acquaintance between the two, and Dell rose, surprised, as the tall, beauti- ful girl swept in, made a pretence of touching her hand, and plunged at once intc the subject that had brought her there. , "Miss Brunton," she said, "for a year Bruce --Gibson and I have gone about everywhere to- gether. ,He behaved to me its the girl he was going to marry, and now he has left me." Dell had been working; now she folded her hands on the work, and said, gently: "He asked you to marry him?" "Men do not ask girls nowadays," said Lenore hotly. "They just drift into an engagement; but the one who backs out is—dishonourable." For a moment Dell was silent, a lovely colour coming into her cheeks, that transformed her al- most to beauty. "It don't know." she said, quietly. "You see, that's all just playing round, and marriage is a working partnership, is it not? A man should be so very, very sure before he asks, and a girl should hesitate so very, very long before she consents." • "Oh call it sordid prudence, not love," cried Lenore—" the sort of 'Love me little, love me long' business." "Hasty love is quickly gone," concluded Dell. "Miss raepell"—she lifted her brown eyes— " Bruce loved me, and, when he asked me, I was prepared to confess that I loved him,- but you took him away from me—you made him appa- rently one of that fast brigade to which you be- long. But he is too strong. too fastidious a man to permanently adopt its manners and mode of life. Have you come here to ask me to persuade him to return to it?" "I have come to. you," said Lenore, "to put it to you, as 8. potnt of honour between one

===== 0002601_19130201_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• - •

===== 0002601_19130201_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, rebru.ary 1, 1913.

/comm. and another, not ts 7 take him back as Four 'over when he really belongs to me." "Who speaks of 'honour'? Who stole first?" :tied Dell, with a strange note of passion in her usually quiet voice. "We were very happy, and, though I am plain, I could have made him the sort of wife he wanted. Oh! you beautiful people are never such happy, beloved wives as we despised ones, who study a man, and keep his home sweet and restful for him!"

"Restful, with a houseful of brats!" cried Lenore, furiously, the atmosphere of he room, the soft white needlework under the girl's womanly hand, showing in sudden, violent con- trast to her own bridge-playing, cigarette-,,mok- :ng entourage, as she knbw it would to Bruce when he came—for come he surely would. "I love children," said Dell, and touched *ith 3m exquisite gesture of tenderness the work in 'ler lap. "I could no more do without my little nrothers and sisters (especially now our dear mother is dead) than they could do without me. And Bruce "—her voice unconsciously softened— " loves them too."

"And I hate them. They are a fearful expense lnd an awful worry. So you will take Bruce back?" "No!"

The voice was very soft, but very final, and the man who, finding the front door open. had walked in with the freedom of an old friend, eard it as he paused on the threshold of the !rawing-room.

"Then he will come back to me!" cried Lenore, springing up joyously. "Don't move, my carriage is waiting in the lane. May I go through this window?" dnd, with no further leave-taking, and the usual lack of manners of her type, she vanished. Dell, left alone, mutely interrogated the ceil- ing and furniture, instead of Heaven, and re- sumed her work; but a tear fell on it, and rusted her needle.

"She is. very lovely, and he is jast—a man,!" ;he said. Then, hearing a slight sound behind her, turned to see Bruce standing just inside the door. _ _

" 0-1-ti4 she cried, wP.rmly, "do you add eavesdropping to your other good qualities?" He made no reply, but in a methodical way brought a chair 11D. and sat down opposite her. He was pale and thin, but handsomer than ever. =he thought, in his lean, brown way; and he had the look in his eyes that had always mastered her before she found him out as the weak, self. indulgent beauty-lover that he had proved him- self for the past year. "Dell," he said, quietly, "I heard your tromise to Miss Lepell just now, and you have just got to break it, even as I have refused to pay my debt of honour to her. We will be moral runagates if you like—but---" "Speak for yourself." she said, coldly, and took up the work .on her lap, and drove hot rusted needle steadily through it. "While the man is abroad, .sowing tares, the woman sits at home, and thinks to some purpose. Go back to Miss Lepell. She has many claims on you " there was scorn in her voice--" that I have not. that I never should have, were we engaged a rifetime." Then she turned resolutely to other matters. inquired for his people, spoke of her father and the children, gave him tea, and made him feel that for a whole year he had shut himself out from the only real home that since his mother's death he had ever known.

Whon, six months later, the engagement of Miss Lepell was announced to a rich mustard. maker, and it was followed, at no great distance of time, by the marriage. of "that handsome, charming, rich Mr. Gibson to a homely girl of the 'Little Dorrit ' type, named Dell Bnxnton " —or so said the world—neither Bruoe nec Dell minded. [THE END.]

to accept the theory that the wind conveyed the ticket from the top of the car to the bottom of the car at the other end. Mr Steel: Many things are possible. The defence of the prisoner was reserved. The magistrates committed him to the Quarter Sessions, bail being allowed.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
"FARES PLEASE !" WARRINGTON TRAM CONDUCTOR CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.

Wesley Horton,a tram conductor in the employ of the Warrington Corporation and residing at 182, Padgate- lane was, at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, committed to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions on a charge of embezzling the sum of 2d.. the monies of the Warrington Corporation. A large amount of interest was taken in the case and there was a crowded court. The magistrates were Coun- cillor H Roberts (in the chair), Aldermen Smethurst and Bennett, Messrs. T Locker, J Hepherd, W Riobard- sou and Col. Edelston—Mr A T Hallaway (deputy town clerk) conducted the prosecution and Mr T S Steel (instructed by the Tramway employe's association) defended the prisoner, and intimated that if, after hear- ing the evidence, the magistrates were of the opinion that a prima facie case hoci been made, his client elected to go tor trial. Mr Halloway said the sum appeared trivial in itself but the charge was a serious one. The prisoner was a person who was in a position of trust, and the offence was one which was most difficult to detect unless certain steps were taken as in the present case. The evidence would show -that on Friday evening, January 17th, two clerks in the Borough Treasurer's department met in the evening and proceeded to Thewlis-street, where they boarded a tramway car, which left Ryden ds-street at 8.20. They at on the top of the car and purchased two tickets. On 384 and On 385. They marked those tickets by a pin prick through the "d " beside the figure one. They left the car on arriving at the terminus, leaving the tickets behind them on the seat. On the return journey from Smik.ey Bridges to Warring- ton at 8.30 the car was boarded by a checker near the Ship Inn. The checker did not know the numbers of the tickets that bad been takon by the two clerks, but te did net know that they proposed to mark them in the way he had indicated to the Court. Consequently when he was examining the tickets he would be able to tell by the feel of them whether the identification mark was on or not. He examined the tickets and found that they all corresponded with the waybill, The way- bill showed that tickets On 384 to Cu 306 had been issued on the journey from Sankey Bridges to Rylands- street, though the prosecution alleged they were issued on the journey before. The checker found the ticket On 385 in the possession of a passenger on the car. On 384 was not to be found on the car, but there was evidence to show that a pasuenger had left the car before the checker went on to it,. It was also interest- ing to note that that ticket, On 385, which they alleged was sold on the journey to Sankey Bridges, was punched for that journey, which appeared to his mind to be corroborative evidence of their statement to a great extent. The next ticket Cu 386 which was sold was punched in the right,secton. The duties of the bench that morning had been considerabl / simplified by the action taken by Horton. William Thomas Eccles and Percy Clarke, two clerks in the Borough Treasurer's office, gave evidence in support of Mr Hallaways statement. Mary Ellis, who travelled on the,8.30 car from Sankey Bridges to Rylands-street, staid she paid her fare to the prisoner. The checker came on the car, and examined the ticket, and she gave her ticket to him. A gentle- man had pre,viously left the car. Cross-examined.—She did not remember the prisoner punching her ticket. She was asked to make a state- ment to the checker immediately on leaving the car. When George Washington Pendleton, a checker, was called Mr Idallaway humorously remarked that there was hardly any necessity to have him sworn. (Laughter). Witness stated on oath that he boarded the 8.30 car from Sankey Bridges to Warrington near the Ship Inn. He inspected the tickets and the waybill finding that all the tickets corresponded erectly with the waybill with the exception that ticket Ou 384 was missing. He found Ou 385 with a pin prick in the "d" in the possession of the last witness, but the ticket was punched on the outward section instead of the inward section. Cross-examined by Mr Steel . He bad known Horton for about eleven years and had always found him to be truthful. It was customary to make up the waybill within 200 yards of the terminus. By Mr Steel: It was not a common practice with the conductors when they had made up their waybill and passengersibad got on that they credited the tickets on the return journey. Detective-Sergeant Holland said when charged Horton replied, " It is not true." Mr Steel said he failed to see any evidence in regard to the sale of the ticket On 384. If those two tickets had been sold on the outward journey and booked on the waybill for the inward journey it would simply be an iriegularity. With regard to the ticket On 385 there was the evidence of Miss Ellis which, he sub- mitted, was not evidence on which any court would act and find a prima facie case had been made ont. Miss Ellis did not remember how many people were in the car, and how many tickets were punched before she received her ticket and she had no recollection as to whether or not her ticket was punched. The two young men got on the car after Horton had made up his way- bill, mad in order to avoid altering it he booked them as on the inward journey, and the ticket which was produced and given to the checker by Miss Ellis was not the one his client issued to her. It appeared to him to be unfortunate that no question was put to Horton by the checker with regard to the ticket. Lying about in the car were innumerable tickets and Miss Ellis was a delicate and nervous woman and there was a possibility that she might have picked up a ticket thinking it was the one which was issued to her. The Chairman : You are going to ask us to assume a very extraordinary state of things. Mr Steel, continuing, said be was sure the Bench would appreciate that though he might have acted irregularly that would not justify him being charged with embezzlement. The Chairman said the tickets in the first instance were issued on the top of the car, while the ticket VVISR afterwards found inside the car at the bottom. Could he suggest any means by which the ticket could have been conveyed to the bottom of the oar? Mr Steel : It is not for me to suggest. The Chairman: I hope you are not going to ask us

===== 0002601_19130201_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESSFUL MUSIC PUPILS.

The annual distribution of honours certificates and prizes in connection with the Trinity College of Music, London, took place in the Concert Room of St George's Hall, Liverpool, last Saturday afternoon. Mr Behrend presided and the Lady MayoreEs presented the prizes. Amongst the recipients was Miss Marie Hawley, 77, Knutsford-road, Warrington, who was awarded the silver medal of the College, on obtaining highest marks at the three examinations in the last year in pianoforte playing, junior division. The medal, which is of beautiful workmanship, bears the inscriptions: "Trinity 3ollege, London, Liverpool Centre, Gloria in Excelsis Deo " and" Marie Hawley, Pianoforte, Junior Honours, 94 marks, 1912." Miss Hawley's teacher is Mr William Cooke, FRC 0, organist of Lymm Parish Church, this being the fifth time Mr Cooke's pupils have received medals at these functions, a pupil of his last year receiving the Lord Mayor's Gold Medal for highest marks in the senior division.

77, Knutsford-road, Warrington,

Plabs Parkinson,.

,ISS ULADYS IL Legh Villae, Grappenhall

' ' .0,d.''..'.i.4i'...,-..:'!.3...:11i...-:it.•iir,,,,... „......,.,„...•:..j.:.1,,..I.::?;,e:;::il:Fi:.7::%::;?..:ik:1:?;:,s:.::::::'::'.::::-":''':7N,. ,:::-.:1•:::::::::.7...!:).:,.::,..,::::::•::!.."?..:..:,,..1.'.#.14.11:, '..,:'?g.',i':,:i.:,:...& .., ..!..::"'''sil::'::','''':'::::;.l'::::':‘'.it;•:l:;ii-i:',e:.,,•:„..::::„....:„, . IgIfil;i::::„:..t.V. '::::::'::.g.1..]!:::.:1..1.i..,:..',1fi";'..`„,:1.iiii(1:;::::,'''.10k,,,, ' :',1,,,i,q.',;"•;:,.;i:115:10.:t• . , ::::,....11:•,::::::-.:•::.':::::,:i.,0:11:1;i:;:!:ilpli;i.,;....22.:::;,'..t.....:,.....,,,i.::::•:,.:,,.....,:::„.....:..:11.,,..;.::::,::::,....,.„..„.."..s.... . , ::!".:,....,E.,Til.:: ..:::::','..,1,•:::::::1:::::0:.iii:5i,5i.,t.5.,,::,...,......„-.:.....i'5...:::::g.Ti•:i:•::',1gigAZ?:1q,...,:,. , . H.,::.,',,,.•:::::::::::::::......,.,..1,113151111:i.4...iiii:..!ii!.'i11...4....:.1;:r:. , • , • . - - --..„„, . ::,-,.c....e..1.......i.....i:::::„,i,-.... , .:-...,:::.:-..1...:1,.:.::':::'::::',11.11!:,,!ii:::::Pi7.....:';',•;:,..,,:iii..:::::?.."':.t1i';:.::::;!:1,1L:in.f.;-::::4110::.,:g;:"...... ',.....•':•::......:, . ,Iiiiilit§11::::::::4;:iier10:,•.: . ',''''''''.,:!!'..t.•''''''....• '..-i' . :::''...*:-:.it:l::?;:iiiir'.7.:'...i•i.,' ' . ' .„.., .....„. , :::,,,..,,,,,,:...„...,.... „,....- . ..,.... . , , ..i..-...?' - , ~i..... . ~. - M H = ~ . • , ...., ALE,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Miss Gladys R Hale, daughter of Mr Alfred Hale, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall, has had conferred upon her after examination, the Professional Diploma of Licentiate of Trinity College of Music, London (L.T.C.L.). In the theoretical part of the examina- tion (which took place in Lond( n last month) Miss Hale satisfied the examiners in a severe paper on the Art of Teaching, in addition to general rudiments and harmony. Miss Hale obtained exceptionally high marks—DO out of 100 the practical work in piano- forte playing and was highly complimented on her performance by the examiners. She reilly is to be congratulated on her success in this very difficult examination, as is her teacher Mr. William Cooke F.R.C.O.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A RIDDLE FOR WOMEN.

Why do thousands of women suffer when there is nothing to be gained by doing so? Every woman knows that over and over again she will experience really great pain in the back and hips, and a throbbing headache which makes her feel a hopeless victim to the penalties of her sex. All these sufferings may be avoided. They weaken and unnerve the victim if neglected, but women can be spared them if they will use, according to a woman's own directions, a woman's medicine for women. Any chemist will supply Mrs. Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which acts in harmony with Nature, restoring and preserving health. It is wonderfully soothing. It brings speedy relief. Read what it did for a Manchester lady "I have for two years been troubled with pains at the bottom of my back and hips. I had tried several remedies, arid none did me any good. Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has made me feel quite a different young woman. It is a most sure and reliable cure." Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable Com- pound only costs 2/9 for a bottle, or 4/6 a very large bottle. The Lady Manager, the Lydia E Pinkham Medicine Co., 425, Hampstead Road, London, N.W. ; will send it direct at these prices. She will also send free a book to 'women only.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE P.S.A.'S.

Delegates from many parts of Lancashire and the adjacent counties attended the annual meeting at Ashton-under-Lyne on Saturday afternoon, of the Lancashire and Neighbouring Counties Federation of P.S.A. Kindred Societies. The meeting was presided over by the Rev J G Gascoigne, of Manchester, who was re-eleoted president of the Federation. Mr S Porter Walley, of Bolton,was chosen as president-elect Messrs. James Molntosh (Oldham), James Dunkerley (Ashton), J P Matthews (Oldham), and Thomas Howarth (Bacup), were elected vice presidents ; Mr Stanley Jarvis (Farnworth) was elected treasurer ; and Mr J R Jackson (Bacup) was appointed secretary in succession to Mr James Dunkley (Ashton).

-:,., 7,407,10* -vigli. ..,,_vt,...,,- TAKEIT 'DAILY Thirty drops of Mother Seigel 's Syrup in 3,vater, taken daily altar . r meals, ensures good digestion and prevents pains after eating, 0 flatulence, biliousness, constipation, and headaches,, which arise 0 ; .MOTHER S EIGEEs SYRUP . , from a disordered state of the digestive organs, the stomach; liver and bowels. Prove its worth in your case and test it for yourself to-day. • . -, - , • The 2/6 bottles contain three times the quantity of the 1/1i- size. . . AFTER ME ALS . . . • ~.,.........,.......reirovriedirrarie ~...5...., ... ~ . ~ . , , ~.. , . .

===== 0002601_19130201_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19130201_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S GHAT.

Votes for Women.—Advocates of women's suffrage are naturally disappointed at the turn of events, which have once more interposed to prevent the House of Commons from dealing in a free and unfettered way with the question of votes for women. They were promised that they should have this opportunity when the Franchise Bill came up, and they have some right o complain of the unreality of the situation arising t:rom the doubt as to whether this course conformed to .he rules of Parliamentary procedure. Clearly this 'angled situation should have been forseen but Suffragists will have no cause for regret, if as a result of Luis confusion facilities are afforded for a Woman's Suffrage Bill standing on its own merits, which would command the support of the members of all parties, in tavour of votes for women. The question divides all parties, all possible Governments, and also women as a whole, but the country would welcome as a guide, and index to popular opinion a plain, straightforward pro- nouncement on the issue from Parliament. It is a question upon which Members of Parliament are prone to act on their own personal judgment, but they should pay some regard to the trend of opinioa in their con- stituencies of which presumably they have some know- ledge. In this connection it may be mentioned that last year out of forty-nine candidates at by-elections in Great Britain, only eight declare" themselves anti- , Suffragists. _ _ _

Women and the Legal Profession.—The part taken by women in professional, industrial and political life, is everywhere expanding, and in the Colonies, France and other countries there are women barristers practis- ing on equal terms with men, and with equal success. In this country the Bar refuses to admit women to the honour of dignity and membership, and the Law Society still withholds facilities to enable them to enter the profession of solicitors. A test action against the society has teen commenced by four University women, to determine whether on the ground of sex alone they could be debarred from earning their living as solicitors. Ihere is no question that this opposition on the part of use Bir and the Law :,ociety, is directly traceable to the fear of increased competition. Women have been debarred from becoming lawyers, divines, and until recent years from becoming doctors, but there is 00 doubt that they will sooner or later be admitted to the legal profession. This reform evoked at first some &tie jealousy in France, but, according to a lady who , speaks from oxperience, the men arid women advocates at the Palms tie Justice, are always on the hest of r.re,s fraternising freely, and sometimes sharing chambers.

Lao,.k,uas Weather Lore.—The 2nd of February, Cal.dletuas Day, is an imp.ir tant festival in the Churches, in both Protestant and Roman Catholic countries, and the state of the weather on that day is proverbially said to determine that of the Spring. Dozens ot ancient lands attest its importance, and insist that the vorse the weather on Candlemas Day the better it will oe afterwards. If the sun happens to shine upon this occasion it is an ominous sign indeed, for it means that nly part of the winter is over and that there is as much or worse to corne.,_

===== 0002601_19130201_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
The Mormot and Seal.—The barbarous cruelty permitted in pelogic sealing on the coasts of Newfound- land and Canada, would deter any woman from wearing the beautiful pelt derived from the seal, if only the ruthless methods employed were more widely known. One reason why the marmot has become so scarce, is the cruelty of the trappers who in ono season destro fed many hundreds by drowning them in their holes. Years ago, one set of handsome furs sufficed for even a "woman of quality," to-day, the fashionable woman has a costly set to match each costume Then again, fashions in peltry Lhange nowadays, as frequently as do those of dresses and millinery, all of wnica tends to increase the demand, and to raise the price.. Indeed furs have quite lost their former characteristics, and are used in ways that would astonish early Victorians. They can now he draped as easily as velvet and are thus employed on the huge wraps that are se much worn this winter. In fact they not only trim each other, but take the place of ordinary materials as trimmings and in combination. The Winters's Nluffs and Ilats.—Muffs this season may be divided into two cusses, the fiat, of which there are several varieties, and the round, which resemble a drum, more than anything else. Some of the newest muffs are composed (II the strangest combinations, such as rJueh dog skin and shaggy bear. Panther, badger, and monkey skies are among the novelties tee furrier has lately introduced. The hat of fur, with satin and velvet, or of fur oak, is evee more popular this winter than last, and the small hat which has become almost an obssssion, adapts itself admirably to the use of peltry of all kinds. The picture La, has however, by no means disappeared, but its place is the smart Junction, race meetings, and weddings. For every other occasion the smart hat which grows smaller every dty, is universally worn and milliners are devoting much time and trouble to new shapes and designs for the spring. The Coreelet Skirts.—Four or five years ago the corselet skirt was in high favour, then it disappeared for a season or two, but at present it is to the fore again, and has much to recommend it. It needs how- ever some skill in cutting, and is rarely successful in the hands of the amateur dressmaker. It is irreproach- able in its neatness, requires no belt, and any blouse can be worn with it. But although admirable for morn- ing and outdoor wear, it is not so suitable for evening, The newest models fit, closely to the hips, are tight at the back and slightly loose in front. Fashionable Laces.—The lightest laces are the chosen of the moment. Shadow varieties have a new finish, somewhat resembling Shetland veiling. Black lace is used in every department of dress and millinery, and the new jewelled kinds are gorgeous in the extreme. Ficelle is seen again, and a novelty in Chantilly has a coloured pattern stamped on it, but the effect is more bizarre than attractive. Small lengths of real or good imitations of the best laces should never be despised ; they can be used in a multitude of different ways. Mounted on black ribbon velvet, slightly wider than the lace, a charming neckband results, that would bean expensive trifle to buy ready made. Then dark strips of fur, with pieces of some light lace on eithsr side, make a desirable muff. Coatees for wearing over even- ing blouses, can also be made from odd lengths of lace bought for a mere " song " at a. sale. Front Fastening.—Dame Fashion is not always as kind to us as she might be. For example she long ago deprived us of the really useful dresspocket, and then wont on to make it as difficult as she could, for us to get in to, and out of, out shirts, bodices and blouses. To the woman who possesses a maid, it matters little how fastenings are placed, but when no servant, or friend, is at band to "do one up," the struggle in to, and out of bodices, is not a procedure calculated to improve either the condition of the garment, or the temper of the wearer. In this particular direction however, a happier condition of things is at hand. Leading modistea are causing their newest creations to fasten crosswise, sideways, down the front, or zig-zag fashion, all these devices being easily manipulated by the wearer.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE INSURANCE COMMITTEE. -- DOCTORS TO DISPENSE WHERE NO CHEMIST.

At Monday's meeting of the Lancashirelnsurance Committee, the Medical Benefits Sub-committee recom- mended that no chemist should supply appliances other than those in the tariff except at the cost of the insured person. It was stated that some doctors were pre- scribing extraordinarily expensive appliances, which chemists did not ordinarily supply, and which were not on the list. Hence the necessity of the instruction to chemists not to carry out such prescriptions except at the cost of the insured persons. The Sub-Committee also recommended that when in urban districts there was no qualified chemist within one mile from the insured person's house, the doctor attending should be allowed to dispense and receive payment in accordance with the chemist's scale. A scheme for the constitution and appointment of district insurance committees was approved.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
"TRADE AND COMMERCE IN THE MIDDLE AGES."

LECTURE BY MR. J. DALBY.

Continuing his lectures on " Early English Trade Unions " at the Socialist Hall, Wilderspool Causeway, on Monday evening, Mr J Dalby took for his subject "Trade and Commerce in the Middle Ages." He pointed out that in the Middle Ages, the towns were little islands of craftsmanship in a great sea of agricultural life ; therefore trade and commerce, in anything like the modern sense, did not exist in England. The medireval economic conditions represented a condition of trade which demanded little or no capital beyond the tools of the craft, generally worked to supply a demand which was local and fixed, undisturbed more- over by any such bewildering changes of demand as modern " fashion " bad brought about. In the Middle Ages they had no sort of conception of unrestricted competition. Full as they were of communal ideas and communal feelings, they regarded such a scramble as barbaric. Neither had they, generally speaking, a clear idea of the principle, accepted by many Socialists, of an equal reward for all and still less of the higher principle: from each accord- ing to his ability, to each according to his need. They had a very strong belief in a just price which existed for every article and ought to be given to the work- man who made thit article. Whether for good or bad, they had not enthroned what was called " political economy " as an absolute monarch whose word to its subject "economic man " should be law. Theology was then the queen of sciences, and it behoved men to pay the fair reward to the labourer on the principle of doing to others as they would that they should di unta them. Of course, behind their notion of a fair reward of labour was public opinion as to the stand ird of comfort recognized as appropriate to that class of labourer. They saw there how unprogressive, how stationary the Middle Ages were. People then did not raise the question as to the existing standard of comfort for teat particular class, why there should be classes, on what principle one set of craftsmen were recognized as having a right to a higher standard of comfort than anotner. Accepting the status quo, the existing condition of affairs, as right in the main ' they wished to preserve it, on the one hand by diving it the sanction of religion and morality and on the other ' by removing obvious abuses. It was not a critical age. But it showed up fairly well against our Own, which was content that wages should be determined by the standard of comfort which a class could manage to maintain, left to itself, or rather exposed to the com- petition of machinery and immigrant foreign labour. Mr Dalby then sketched the conditions of trade as determined by the guilds, pointing out that stringent regulations were made against any kind of deceit. Short weight, short measure, dishonest (15 eing of wool, the placing of stones in hay and wool sacks, were all offences punishable by flne. The measures of bread and ale, the two most important food commodities in the Middle Ages, were also fixed. It was not attempted to fix the weight of the loaf absolutely, but the weight was to vary according to the price of wheat, in a fixed scale. Similarly a scale was fixed,according to which the number of gallons sold for a penny (times were better then) variea with the price of barley. The average price seemed to have worked out at two gallons of ale for a penny. In terindon a butcher accused of selling bad meat was brought before the Mayor and aldermen and, if be were condemned, was put into the pillory and had the meat burnt before his face. Forestalling, or the buying up of kupplies with the object of selling them retail at a higher price, was strictly forbidden. Sometimes the goods had to stand in the market place for a certain period until each citizen had had an opportunity of buying what he wanted before any great amount could be purchased by a merchant. Mr Dalby touched upon the restrictions imposed against foreigners (included in which term were merchants from outside cities), and also dealt in an interesting way with the origin of markets and fairs. Reference was also made to the Church'S prohibition of usury or money lending and to the devices which were resorted to for the purpose of circumventing it. All through the Middle Ages (concluded Mr Dalby) the conception of trade morality was much higher than ours. We asked ourselves why it was that, this being so, the system of trade then estate lished broke down and gave us our hideous capitalistic system. The answer was, ha thought, that their attitude to the economic organization of society was largely 9 negative one. The early Christian teachers looked upon the world as, at best, a bad place, and many of them had very definite views as to its speedy dissolution. A man like Aquinas believed in theology as a divine system which was to bring all other sciences under its sway. They did not under- stand that the organization of society and the method of that organization were as important, to say the least of it, as the systematization of the truths of theology. Not understanding the sacredness of the human oody, they could nit understand the sacredness of social economic organization—which was the body of the social life. They had no enthusiasm in the Middle Ages for the right economic organization of society in and for itself. They did not understand that we must set up heaven on earth. And we to-day were faced with a slmilar problem. In the Middle Ages they did believe in ideals ; that belief was very limited to-day, and the number of people who wanted to see those ideals manifested in a corporate way, in 9 new re-organisation of society, were a small multitude indeed. Ours was the task of shaping society, or getting society to shape itself as the corporate expres- sion of highest known ideals. We had to make a neW heaven in a new earth.

The settlement of Central and Northern Saskatchewan is proceeding at a rapid rate. The homestead Puttied filed at the Land Titles Office at Prince Albert aggre- gated 2,263 for the past year, as campared with 2,099 for the previous year. These entries represent, of course, only a tithe of the actual settlers who have made their way into that portion of the province, and who have purchased land in districts already open and withio easy reach of railway communication.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
CO-OPER Education Industrial vided a I

The large ' showed th committee encores, bu only a ce Ferguson o eccomnani. Bale, L.T.

BEATLIn 11 P. Scout !fist Sftturd in Which so Partici pate, Most intere trip to Hol slides clear Hesketh. 2 lecture ma 111,111 Y ra e rr, Slimmer u, Short acidr, masters So handbell ri by S Jones eeedings. H He; seconded cbaracteris

The echoliir ".fT8131'1°ti:a8181: l;r4vi 3hrc: Viecrbienetm::°°riet IC:enx:°tasalo%s)gral-nrihn:Lpsrary:s°o::::talh'‘wil:aer-dn:le:'' Provided by raanner tba l'oPeland, iostanioN" nousernaias tiodest, Qua Please." 0 ATrF.7. Prank I G 02den the Band ot solo The

===== 0002601_19130201_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
(csouTurh:e:miorwoln,ati: evening. Mr Present Rev Davies, R H Smith, G I (medical

The Chair —"Thr giv_e S or 0 t last w th att Pr 3" ending th grand result wool action of th Pass a vote antrle that Sa u d .11. strong , the con. :the Clerk

txsul The te Chair Present District a'cl (.01)ana1ss;0

• -

===== 0002601_19130201_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
i , t-, < aIIIMEMINEMINIMO ,:__ ... , _ , ‘ , ~..... DI ~', , =. G •‘ • '4: i 4. ' r°' '.TR I CT , ~, , t __. . ...._ . , ' 5 ;' _. ,

THE LYNEVI BILL.

BIG MAJORITYF FOR 66uRaiL;s PROPOSALS:

The opponents of the Lymm Waterworks Bill should have taken Saturday's weather as a good omen, as water was, for once, conspicuous by its absence, the beautiful atmospheric con eitions tempting ratepayers to come out to register their votes. As ore toured the district during the afternoon there was very little evidence that any momentos decision hung in the balance, there being a total absence of vehicles bearing the usual election advice "Vote for Mr . . .?". The non-existence of rival candidates with their election agents and supporters also tend to make the poll rather quiet with the result that the officers in the various polling stations were able to carry out their duties in quite an unusually easy manner. rile Presiding officers were: —Booth's Hill Ward, Nit- T Newton ; Heatley Ward, Mr Denham ; Lymru Ward, Nir H Oddie ; and Statham Ward, Mr W Mallard. The polling was concluded at 8 p.m. and within half an hour the ballot boxes had arrived at the Council Chambers and counting was in operation. Mr W G Groves, as Returning Officer, presided over the proceedings and was assisted by Mr W Other Councillors present were :—Rev G B Thurston, M.A., Messrs R H Gotobed, J Holt, F Lockyer, 0 G Smith, T Warburton and G L Welford. Amongst other gentlemen in attendance were Mr T Ridgway (Solicitor to the Council), and leaders of the opposition of the Bill. As the ballot papers were sorted and counted any student of physiogomy would have had a happy half hour, for some of the facial expressions that one saw were iudeed wonderful to behold. After the papers had been counted and checked Mr W G. Groves announced the result as Total p01l For the resolution 566 Against the resolution Majority for • 362 He then declared the resolution put before the rate- payers' meeting of January Sth as passed. He said that they had had a greiat fight and though bard words had been spoken at valious meetings he hoped all would be friends again. The Rev G B Thurston, MA, proposed a vote of thanks to the Returning Officer and expressed his desire that a friendly spirit would exist between the members of both parties. Mr 0 G Smith, in secondieg the proposition, caused some amusement by his witty rerurk "First the Church and then the State." He said that he hoped they would all accep.t the result in perfectly good temper. The proposition was carried, after which Mr W G Groves briefly replied. The doors were then opened and Mr Groves, as Returning Oi:icer, announced the result from the front of the Council Chambers to the large crowd that was eagerly waiting. The figures were received with hearty cheers and it was some time before the enthusiasm had sufficiently quietened down to allow Mr G L Welford to address the gathering. Especially prominent were the shouts, They wanted a poll and they've got it ! " Mr We:ford said that as the senior memoer of the Council he wished to say a few words. They had had aligreat fight, not that, they regretted it, but rather they welcomed it. He expressed his thanks to the electors of LyEara for the way they hsd supported them and said the members of the Council have said all along that it was to the best interests of Lymm that they should possess the waterworks. "We beiieve that this scheme is for the good of the district and that our opponents will at a future date feel gled that they lost the poll to-day." He said that the result of the poll would cause the electors to have more faith in the Council in the future. Most of the opposition were personal friends and he hoped that no ill-feeling woulo remain in their breasts. He appealed especially to certain people of the Heatley Ward that they would cleanse their minds of the pre- judice they had against the Council. Mr R H Gotobed who came next, said that as one who bad taken a prominent part in the fight he thanked those who bad voted in favour of the resolu- tion. "We desired your confidence and thank you for having given it us to-day." a hough some of them had had heated arguments he hoped that all would be friends again, and work together to further the interests of the people of the village. Mr W H Finch followed, and said that as chairman of the opposition meeting, he accepted the verdict as given by the majority of the ratepayers. He said that they too thought they were working in the interests of the ratepayers. As generous as the Council have been to them, so would we have been victorious. "Speak- ing on behalf of myself and the gentlemen who supported me, we shall throw in our united support with the verdict that has been given."

Mr 0 G Smith, said that ho considered that the electors had expressed their sanity and good citizen- ship. "The Council will feel strengthened by know- ing that they have the confidence of the electors of Lymna." He hoped that the result of the vote would prove to he fruitful in blessing and advantage to the whole of the district. He thankeu the electors for their support. air T Ridgway said that he was pleased that Mr Finch had spoken in such a stiaightforward manner. He was glad that the poll had taken place, and was thoroughly satisfied that the proposals of the Council were for the good of the people of Lymm. Mr. .1 H Holt spoke hopefully of the future, and predicted a reduction of the water rate and cost of water for baths. " The ratepayers have done something to-day which they will never regret." Mr C E Cowper said that he liked a fight, and that they had had one. " I was only against the price that is to be paid, not against the purchase of the water- works." Be thought it best that the people should have their say on the matter. We have had it and we are satisfied."_ _ _ -

.IVIr Hiram Driukwater proposed a hearty vote of thanks to "The ten gentlemen (the Councillors) who have worked so hard on our behalf."

In seconding thehoposition Mr D Daniels said that the Council membeill did without doubt spend a lot of time on their behalf and thought that they all ought to appreciate it. The proposition was carried_ with cheers. After several calls for Mr Ratcliffe, that gentleman came forwatd and said that he hoped the contest would stimulate a greater interest in the work of the Council. Those people who had opposed the purchase of the waterworks and Lske believed that the ratepayers should have a chance of expressing their feelings. This they had done in an unmistakable manner by endorsing the action of the Council, and time alone would show whether their decision had been a wise one. He thanked both those who had supported the Council and the opposition, and said that he hoped no one would take offence at their action. THE WORK OF THF. S.P.C.E.-00 Sunday services in aid of the Society for the Propagation of Christian knowledge and the National Society were held in the Parish Church. At the morning service the special preacher the Rev R A :Cochrane, M.A., organizing secretary for the S.P.C.K., spoke about his Society being the mother of elementary education in England. He said that this educational work was now being carried on in this country by the National Society, which was one of the offsprings of the S.P.C.K. The Revs G B Thurston, ALA., and H Gray, M.A„ also took part in the service.—At the evening service Mr Cochrane dealt with the emigration work of the S.P.C.K. Offertories were made on behalf of the above two Societies. On Monday night the Rector, the Rev G B Thurston, M.A.' presided over a well- attended lecture held in the Parochial Schools. The Rev R A Cochrane said the society hoped to celebrate its 216th anniversary in March by obtaining 216 new members on or before that occasion. Dealing with the work of the society, the Lecturer spoke of its religious and secular educational work ; colleges in Loudon, Toronto, Lennoxville, Tinevelly and Madagascar.; and its efforts to introduce industrial education in the foreign fields. Medical Missionary work was also touched upon, as was the society's publishing and print- ing department. The Lecturer also spoke of the build- ing grants the Society gave, and said that they helped to build 36 churches every week. After speaking about emigration work, Mr Cochrane concluded an interesting lecture, with an appeal for the prayers and assistance of the audience.—The Rector touched upon his having been an emigration chaplain, and spoke of his trips to Canada. He announced that Mr Bailey had been com- pelled to give up the local secretaryship of the S.P.C.K. owing to advanced age, and that Mr Beckett had kindly consented to hold the office.—The lecture was enhanced by the exhibition of a number of lantern lisdes manipulated by Mr Peet.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

CO-OPERATIvE SOCIETY'S CONCERT.—Once again the Education Committee of the Warringtcn Equitable Industrial Co-operative Society Ltd have kindly pro- vided a Lyrnm audience with is splendid free concert. The large assemblage and hearty manner in which they showed their approbation should have pleased both the committee and artistes. There were many demands for encores, but owing to the limited time at their disposal only a certain number of items were allowed. Mr T Ferguson occupied the chair. The exacting duties of accompanist were cleverly carried out by Miss G R Hale, L.T.C.L., who also played a pianoforte solo. , HEATLEY BOY SCOUTS.—The Heatley troop of the P. Scouts held a social in the Oughtrington schools last Saturday. After doing justice to a splendid tea, in which some of the members of the High Legh troop Participated, the scouts and their friends listened to a Most interesting lecture by Scoutmaster T Nash on " A trip to Holland," which was illustratad by about 130 Slides clearly shown through the lantern by Mr H Resketh. Additional interest was attached to the , lecture inasmuch as it was a record of the holiday that many members of the Heatley troop enjoyed last summer under Vie guidance of Scoutmaster T Nash. Short addresses on Scoutcraft were given by Scout- masters Surridge and 3 Webb, jun. An exhibition of handbell ringing, and a pianoforte and kettle drum duet by S Jones and A Brown also formed part of the pro- ceedings. A vote of thanks to Scoutmaster T Nash and llr H Hesketh was proposed by Mr W G Jones, seconded by Mr .7 Webb, sen., and carried in a characteristic manner.

197F:STZXAN SUNDAY SCHOOL PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.— "6 scholars of the Wesleyan Sunday School held their annual tea, concert, and prize distr:bution in the schoolrooin on Wednesday. If the future year's work tlin any way dependent upon this gathering it should 7 most successful for the event passed off in a 13,ry, pleasant manner, over one hundred persons the down to tea. Thiq was followed by 'ue concert end prize distribution which was presided Over by Mr H S Brown. Mr A H Hudson, the hon. secretary, read the annual report which was of a most °nceuraging nature. Mrs Waterworth presented the Prizes, Which consisted of about sixty handsome books. The whole of the concert proganoree consisted of items Provided by the scholars and were performed in a 'banner that reflected credit upon both the per- formers and teachers. Recitations were given by M w°.Peland, Ii Dodson and Ethel Linley. Miss , instanley's cars contributed the action songs "Little ousemaids." " Granirtio';her's Dream," and "Three zrodest Quakeresses " ; and the dialogue " Difficult to Please." Other dialogues were " Mother's Help," by the. Frank Brown's class ; "Servant and Shop Girl," by Or Ogden and B Lord ; end " Lucy's Birthday," by the Band ot Hope members. The Primary Department taeg " Under the Old Umbrella," and M Skidmore the 2") "The Big Drum." TERRITORIALS ENTERTAINED.—The Lymm Detach- i&ent of the sth (Earl of Chester's) Battalion of the ,„"e,shire Regiment have not yet been called upon to ,z'ale the citadels of Europe, or to withstand the ViEnPact of el:numbered odds in equatorial regions, bat i,°”" are a fine looking body of men, and impress one as the quite capable of sustaining the best traditions of Lie British Army, when and whenever called upon to do ;°,• Their ciuties on Friday evening were of a less ' ,`Tenhous character, but were performed with that ,i'flanimity of purpose, and consummate attention to detail, which forms part of the eqeipment of every teod soldier. Owitag to the generosity of Lieutenant • W C Hartley, the local Detachment mustered ta full force 'at lee Drill Hall, when the supper catered by Mrs H Clare was promPLIY attacked and demolished, after which the loyal gast was submit ted and honoured. Lieutenant attleY performed the duties of chairman Other officers Present were :—Lieut.-Col. GroVes, Captain Alexander, Orgeant G Holt, and ex-Sergeant A Clare, and W sirkPatrick. Lieut.-Col. Groves gave a brief address eln the Year's working and commended the men for the ,:aY they ying one. He expressed had braved the last camp which had been a 10,1'Y tr his desire that they treld get more recruits.—Lieut. Hartley speaking on th stre neth of the detachment said he was anxious tha" theY should increase their numbers and hoped that ey would reach the total of 60 men before the next xvitl79l/. If they did so he would present a cup l• • leh was to be shot for and won outright. illeutenant-Colonel Groves presented Sergeant George jr,°2t with the cups for the best shooting. Other shoot- prizes were awarded to Privates H Clare, A re.-:°,l"noseo and J Watson. Private fisher won the for the best recruit.—A smoking concert was also in which the humorous element was provided „a Manchester artiste. Songs were given by tr''ergeant Arthur Clare, and Privates H Clare, J arcival, H Reid and A Thomas. Private W Kirkpatriak teentributed a clarionet solo. The proceedings rn'nsted with a vote of thanks to Lieutenant Hartley, proposed by es-Sergeant Kirkpatrick.

ly URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. The month meeting of the Lymm Urban District Council wal held in the Council Chamber on Thursday present Rev G evening, Mr 'CV G Groves presiding. There were also Smith, G L ti Thurston, Messrs T H Warburton, S Davies, Pt, H Gotobed, W Gould, F Lockyer, 0 G surveyor) Welford, W 'Mullard • clerk), D Mort (, W L Donaldson (gas manager), Dr De Jong (Medical officer.

TIIE PARLIAMENTARY tau- The Ch • saman said he should like to thank the bers for the extraordinary amount of time they had tov,,n last week in connection with the poll in regard ,t,Wae proposed purch i ase of the waterworks and n fr 'ending the meetings which had contributed to the :rand result obtained. He also included Mr Mullard -aent(l; he would like to congratulate the Council on the pii;:en of the ratepayers in refusing at the meeting to h " 4 VOte 0* no corlidence in the Council. He felt 2re that Sat'utdav's result would place the Council in a ..auc ha, u stronger position for they knew now that they Vile confidence of the ratepayers. " Clerk formally reported the result of the poll.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR LIGHTING IN BURFORD LANE.

TEE EFFECTS OF TIIE NEW BILL. Gould raised the question of the very poor light- Cg of Burford-lane and asked how long it would be baefore something would be done to improve it? ba Chairman explained that in the new Bill they the P°Wer to borrow a certain amount of money and katter in question would come up when the Bill lie passed. t„"Ir Gould : Is it not possible for us to do it out of lettle before the Bill is passed ? (Several members: G E Thurston : It would cost £750. I,,Lie Chairman : That is a very high amount. N4'll! Gould : It looks like Burford-lane having to li;„Ter.4rs• t" No, No .") thet7 B Thurston : it is £750 and you cannot do i\r out of revenue. met! Gould : We seem to have been playing with the 11,-ae,r7 in the Council since it was first mentioned, but e got no further with it. With Chairman thought the matter would be dealt uefore next lighting season. Ce'r Gotobed said that when he was elected to the heTLinea twelve months ago, he gave his pledge that he d Push the matter for all he was worth. He had for,-ikelong the lane recently and it was brought very t 3 his mind how inadequate the lighting was. Was.„'s dilacult to see far in front of one. The road the", as much as any in the district. He hoped th:°„llid get some assurance from the Council that if Was passed that they would give it their Thediate attention. the e Chairman said they would look favourably on pa trliatter because the amount that they would have to Iveltdack each sear would be very small and something t ,13hde certainly be done. They would have his support R e 1 °0 E Thurston : We all feel it.

rr, INSURANCE COMMITTEE REPRESENTATIVE. ItChairman, Mr W G Groves was appointed the elentative of the Urhan District Council on the C Committee of the Ches Lire Insurance oranlissioners.

7..........ner. ! . ' • - 'N.:, ..,, K .. ... . ... .... ... .. , ..-7:-:-.„...,..,..,- FAMILY ~,.,...:„ ~.: ,- -, . , "......,.::. • ... 1.; In cases cf . ~„,• Rheumatism, Sciatica . . .:;•!',: Srrains, Chest, li idney and Head .; ~.. . ..:::',.--,,-' Ccids, Stomach Cramp, Stiff Neck • .., 2 --.:•-• -:- and Joints—lt is unequalled. i '''e"' • A'. L. ', Particularl recommended to • . • • -,:'4't f,',', Fo-itballers, Runners and all Sportsmen and Athletes. . I ...:•;,.17,,,,i Rpfuse Sabstitutes and ask for ~,, •• ~ i •1.V.11.- KINIOC FAMILY LINIMENT. : •,:,... S'! 1 by all Chemists 1/li. 2/3, i; 4/6 Bottle or post free from • ";,, .17,„ , , • - 't.W HEALEY St BIGELOW, I' ..k..,' LIVERPOOL, Ent. •••••,:-.',' -:;,!. ,),f-,, ._ ',.::'''' ,i', ,' ' ~,,,,L,.,•,.,.,.....:.,......,-,•,„., •::, , „., , M' ~:Vi.f.t.'llllki- ' . --. -:',',':;,,. .-., . :. tell 4.: ,117- - . '., ' . .'.. ~' L i

===== 0002601_19130201_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

PRINIROSE LEAGUE.—A successful concert, whist drive and dance was held in connection with the above on ThurFday evening in thc Church of England school- room. Mr G Mather presided, and a speech was delivered by Lady Gerard in which, of course, the iniquities of the present Government were fully exposed. Songs were rendered by Miss Roderick and Messrs F Turner and E Bate. In each case an encore was demanded and granted. The Misses Gorton were well received in a pianoforte duet. Mr F Blackwell acted as accompanist. A hearty vote of thanks was carried to chairman, speaker and artistes,the spokesmen being Messrs P H Bennett, F Blackwell and E Lunt. The winners of prizes in the whist drive were:—Ladies, 1, Miss Povey ; 2, Mrs Cook. Gents, 1, Mr E Stringer; 2, Mr James Warburton. The M.C.'s were Messrs Pomfrey and MT Houghton. Dancing was indulged in until about 2 a.m, to the playing of Mr W Wainwright. Messrs J Critclaley and T Antrobus, jun., being the M.C.'s. WESLEY GUILD.—A debate has become quite a regular feature in the annual syllabus and the subject for this year—" Is the present system of party govern- ment desirable ? " was discussed on Monday evening. The Rev E Morgan presided and the debate was opened for the affirmative by Mr H B Mason, while the chief spokesman for the negative side was Mr Burgess. Messrs Birchall, Lunt and Duckworth spoke in favour of the present system. Upon a division an equal number voted for the ayes and the noes and, as the Chairman did not give his casting vote,the result was a draw. A vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs Mason and Burgess on the proposition of Mr Rosoollor, seconded by Mr Proffitt,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
m which , and so another, nib

r is the n which constant ncy, and of this a

!applied sort, all le balm's

d-poison ns which "simple entirely 3. It is

R Si • • CZ EP4 •• •I; LEGS • 7. AN OS • floe .7.: A , ages only. rnitations.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
RCI3 IN S."

English Trade Ipool Causeway, for his bubject Ile Ages." He the towns were great sea of d commerce, in I not exist in in conditions Mich demanded ,he tools of pply a demand iLurbed more-_

changes of night about. In conception of they were of feelings, they Neither had ,f the principle, a reward for all om each accord- his need. They ) which existed ren to the work- ther for good ad what waS isolute monarch man "should be sciences, and it the labourer on would that they ind their notion opinion as to the ropriate to that r unprogressive, People then did log standard of hy there should ' craftsmen were gher standard of the status quo, i tit in the main land by _niving it nd on the other ot a critical age. our own, which Lermined by the mid manage to ied to the corn- foreign labour. ms of trade as Aing out that o against any short measure, of stones in hay mishable by fine. o most important , were also fixed. ght of the loaf according to the larly a scale vvas ' gallons sold for )1 with the price have worked out Jondon a butcher ught, before the condemned, was burnt before his of supplies with uglier price, was ods had to stand period until each mying what he be purchased by the restrictions in which term and also dealt in

-- ......._ ....,..._ __ , of markets and 3 the Churoh'a.

lending and for the purpose the Middle Ages Df trade morality ourselves why it trade then estab- eous capitalistic, lat their attitude ety was largely hers looked upon ), and many of to its speedy s believed in WAS to bring all did not under and the method ant, to say the f the truths of scredness of the I the sacredness lh was the bodY ;husiasm in the organization of not understand . And we to-del In the Middle t belief was verY )ople who wanted )rporate way, in small multitude )ing society, or orporate expres- i to make a neW

ern Saskatchewan omestead entriea ;a Albert aggre- red with 2,099 for sent, of course, have made their and who have open and within

===== 0002601_19130201_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, Februaryl, 1 913, i STOCKTON HEATH.

OLD PEOPLb'S TREAT. The old people's treat was held at the Stcckton Heath Institute last N 1 onday under very happy circum- stances. 'The treat had been organised by a committee foamed from members of the four local churches— St Thomas', the Wesleyan Methodist, Independent Methodist end Hill Cliffe Baptist. Contributions were asked for at each house in the district and a-substantial sum was collect,d, which enabled the committee to provide an admiraole tea and to make gills. All who bad reached the age of 60 were invited. About 140 assembled for tea and thoroughly enjoyed the repast. After tea a lantern entertainment was conducted by Mr John Hallows, pictures of local celebrities and scenes of the old village being approp7iately chosen. At seven o'clock the Vicar of the Parish, Rev. J Collins, took the chair, supported by Mr. and Mrs. Vero Davies, Rev. G Curtis Mr. Arthur 141m:infield and Mr. J Miller. The artistes at the concert were Miss May Isherwood, Madam Lily Fairhurst, Mr and Mrs W H Wounds, Mr E Whitehouse, and Mr E A Sanders, Mr F Banner being accompanist. The entertainment concluded with a humorous sketch " Mixem's Matri- monial Mart" in whicy,h the following took part : Miss S Ealey, Miss Ada Grounds and Messrs.J Roughs- edge, G Moss, P Moss and G Ault.

MR. JADIES LAWTON, aged 5.9, who has lived in the village all his life

At the commencement of the entertainment, a little ceremonial took place which giently pleased the guests. It was discovereu that the oldest guest was Mr James Lawton, who has almost completed his 89th year. He was invited to the platform and duly crowned " king" of the assembly. Mrs Vera Davies carried out the crowning ceremony by placing on his head an elaborate smoking cap, and Mr Vera Davies presented a silver- mounted pipe. Mr Lawton was duly enthroned and made a picturesque figure-head to the platform. He was further honoured by the singing of" God save the king." At the close of the entertainment Mr Curtis thanked the subscribers, Mr A Mounfield eXpressed indebtedness to the artists, and Mr J Hallows thanked the Chairman. As the old people left tobacco was presented to the men and a packet of tea to each woman.A mince pie was also given to each. Many of the old people were conveyed to their homes in cabs and motors and these who were unable to leave home (of whom there were a large number) were presented with packages of groceries. Toe treat was moat successful in elery way and gave great pleasure to the workers as well as to the numerous guests.

- It ought to he mentioned that the use of the Institute with crockery, &c., Ras generoukly granted lree of charge.

but we want to be put on equal terms with the foreigner." Every now and again, he concluded, they read that there was a crisis in the Unionist party and that the Government were coming out" Don't believe it "be added. "This Government will not come out till they are forced out. They will stand anything. They quarrel among themselves ; they are log rollers, but they are not coming out. They are fastened down securely by screws' and there is no chance of moving them."

Mr W Peter Rylands went out of his way to call attention to the fact—a hich Liberals have repeatedly emphasised—that the representatives of the Govern- ment are in a hopeless minority in the House of Lords. Therefore, he added, they could not force their opinions down the throats of the Opposition by the remorseless operations of the division bell. On the question of Home Rule he expressed concern that Ireland, left to manage her home affairs, would not enjoy the social ieforms which fell to the lot of Englishmen, and in this connection he instanced the benefits of Old Age Pensions and National Insurance of which Ireland would, under Home Rule, have been deprived. Songs were given by Mr Harry Gibbon and Mr T S Bryden, the accompaniments being played by Miss Esme Callender.

Mr Torn Boothroyd's baud played for dancing, Mr Fred Evans acting as M.O.

GRAPPENH ALL.

INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHURCH. HONOURING A VETERAN.

Thursday last was the time of great rejoicing at the above place of worship. It was the 85th anniversary of the birthday of Mr Joseph Sanderson, and a social evening and concert was given to celebrate tbei event. The whole proceedings had been arranged and g ven by Mr and Mrs R Nelson. Mr Nelson, who is president of the Warrington P.S.A., brought with him the P.S.A. orchestra, which, under the able conductorship of Mr J Hannan, added immensely to the evening's entertainment. Refreshments were pro- vided at the interval, during which the orchestra rendered very pleasing items. councillor Henshall presided and after stating that the proceeds would go to the new chapel fund, wished Mr Sanderson on behalf of the church and members many happy returns ' and hoped that God would spare him to be with them for many years to come. (Applause.) The following items were then rendered, and judging by the ready applause, gave every satisfaction :—Tbe orchestra, " Tanhauser " ; Mr Warburton, a song, "The Admiral's Broom " • Miss Blanche Lbwis, a recitation entitled, "Papa's letter" ; Miss Whitmore a song, " When the heart is young" ; the Misses Blanche Lewis and Maggie Fairhurst, a dial ouge entitled, " Hunting for a servant " ; selection by the orchestra, " Batiste's Andante in G " ; a Lancashire sketch entitled "Courtin neet," by Mr R Nelson; Mrs Warburton, a song entitled " Swallow," (encore) "Who's that tapping at the garden gate" ; Mr and Mrs Hannan were encored for the duet "The keys of heaven." The veteran guest of the even- ing then entertained the audience with a recitation "The land of my birth," and a reading entitled "The old gardener" ; Mr and Mrs Wurhurt on a duet "When the wind cometh in from the sea "; Mr Hannan a song, "Good company," (encore) " Absent "; Miss Whitmore, song " Golden days "; Mr R Nelson a humorous sketch " Tha'rt welcome, bonnie brid " ; Mrs Hannan a song, " Down the vale." Mr H Harding's rendering of the

Lost chord "as a cornet solo- was excellent. The accompanists were Miss Sbakeshaft, Miss Edith Watts end Master E Hannan.Mr Sanderson thanked all present for the very hearty manner in which they had received him ;such a happy evening would live in his memory to the end of his days. Below we give a photograph and a brier sketch of Mr Sanderson's carreer.

Ehoto, MR. JOSEPH SANDERSON.

Although a native of Yorkshire, the subject of our sketch has been a familiar figure in and about Warrington for the past 12 years. To sit and chat with one who has weathered 85 winters is an oppor- tunity whereby one can gather items of interest recalling the methods and customs of past generations first band. Mr. Sanderson began work in the woollen mills of Benjamin Shaw and Co. in Honley 77 years ago. He was then eight years of age. None know the details of a woollen worker's trade much better than our old friend. He started as a "billy piecer, " and from that to the "devil hole" and then he rose from " slubber " to manager. Mr Sanderson tells how he used to stand at the warehouse door and watch the old stage coach pass ithrough the then little village en route for London. It is decidedly interest- ing to hear him talk of his father making a light with the flint-box and steel when calling his lads to work at 5 o'clock in the morning. Those were the times when 12 hours' work per day had to be put in. is recollections of the Coins Valley flood are very vivid This disaster was caused by the bursting of the Holmflrth Reservoir; the water dashed into Colne Valley and did incalculable damage, and 70 people were drowned. Mr. Sanderson assisted in the recovery of the bodies.—Mr Sanderson goes on to tell many interesting stories, but space will not allow of their repetition. The old mania bale and hearty, enjoying the use of nearly all his faculties. He reads well without glasses ; he can do a good day's gardening ; be can entertain at a concert, and his only drawback is deafness, although this is but slight. He is now resident with his daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs R.Nelson, of Castlemere, Grappenhall. Ile is lock- ing forward, in his own words, to still many years of useful life. Our readers, we feel sure, wi,h this cheer- ful veteran of industry, many years of comfort and well-earned happiness.

• •.• . , . •••••-•-: . ••:. • -• • .• ••••••••• • . „ . • ••••• • `. , • . • • • • •••;.1 . • •.• , . • . • , , • • • • • • •-• • • •• . • . • •• •. • . . ••• • . , • . . • . " • •• • . , . . •V . . " , . • .. .• • ••• • • •• . •• .• . • .. • . : . • . • : ••• .. • • • •••,, . • . : • •-•• •••• • ......

===== 0002601_19130201_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. KEBTY-FLETCHER, M.P., AT LYME

ABUSE OF THE GOVERNMENT.

The Primrose Leaguers of Lymrn were much elated on Wednesday evening, for their annual social gather- ing in the Drill Hall was made Lotable by the presence of the Member for the Division, Mr Kebty-Fletcher. Otherwise the proceedings followed the usual lines—a judicious blending of tea, politics, and patriotic songs, concluding with that most popular feature of all—a dance. There would be an attendance of about 500, Mrs Cornwall Legh (Ruling Councillor) presiding over the meeting and concert. Among others on the plat- form were : Mrs Callender (bon secretary), the Hon Mrs Tollemache, Mrs 'glands, Mr and Mrs W Peter Rylands, Mr Callender, Mi s Burrowes, Mrs Moles- worth, Miss Boumphrey, Miss Esme Callender, Mrs K M Tweedale, Messrs J R Newton, W E Hiller, F Evans, Newton Worthington, H S Saville, and R Oliver. As to the vocal items, there were the approved ditties about our fighting navy, but quite the tit-bit of the evening, was a sort of vccal war-cry from the pen of Mrs Callender, the burden of the refrain being Keep Kebty-Fletcher at the top of the poll, and you're all right, you know." Of course, the writer could not resist the _opportunity of a dig at the much-maligned Insurance Act, and the insured worker was asked to conjure up a touching vision of the fate of the patient, in the lines:

"If you are very nearly dead and to the doctor go You'll find 300 other chaps all waiting in a row." The Ruling Councillor predicted that, owing to a cold, the gentleman who undertook the singing of this choice number would probably sound "a bit like a crow" but, as a matter of fact he did very well, and sent the faithful into ecstacies of delight. Mr Kebty-Fletcher's most devoted admirers would hardly class him as a serious politician. His chief stock-in-trade appears to consist of a somewhat feeble flow of invective, and practically the whole of his speech at Lynim was given over to extravagant state- ments and steady abuse of the Government, without a semblance of real argument. He trotted out tee familiar bogey about Ulster losalism and Home Rule, which led him to lament that " at present here is no House of Lords." Technically, he added, there was such a place, but it had no more power than a Lymm Debating Society. The House of Lords could not alter a single sentence, line or word in the present Bill, and it must go through. Alter this unequivocal statement, however, Mr Fletcher curiously added the qualification : If it becomes law, the present Government will have to enforce it on the people of Ulster. They would not have it, he declared, except by force of arms and it became a very serious thing in these days when our own people had to be coerced and dragooned into leaving the Union Jack and living under the Irish Nationalist flag. Mr Fletcher next turned attention to the land question and predicted that house rent was bound to rise, because the "people's budget" and form 4 had killed the building trade and practically no cottages were being built to meet the increased ' demand for housing. Quite oblivious of the fact that agricultural land is untaxed, Mr Fletcher coolly accused the Government of having helped to make food dearer by taxing the land which was " the raw material of food." Next he advanced the Protectionist pro- posals by which the foreigner is to relieve us of part of the unpleasant duty of paying taxes, but, if tariffs do not increase the prices of commodities, why should Mr Fletcher have gone out of his way to state that "the last thing you should tax is raw material " ? The Welsh Church Bill, of coui se, came in for castigation, Mr Fletcher indalging in delicate sarcasm at the expens3 of Sir Alfred Mond, whom he described as "that fine spsoimen of a Welshman " and stating that the Welsh Church, with the wboie of its present endowments, was poorer than "the Brunner, Mend's. " Disenoowrnent, he added, was only a long word for theft and be charged the Government with "robbing the roar curate who is not able to to defend hirte,elf." The Diseadowment Bill would recoil on the Government and with double force on the Nationalists, who had aided and abetted the robbery, when the Radicals again threw the schools into the melting pot and the only defenders of those schools would be the Unionist Party. The only utility that Mr Fletcher can discover in the land taxes is that they "provide Radicals with highly paid posts." Can it be that Mr Fletcher studies the speeches of Mr Harold Smith' to provide himself with ammunition ? He made a great point of the methods which Mr Smith has recently been telling his supporters that certain Radical clubs in London resort to, in order to raise the wind. These entertainments were said to include music hall turns and boxing matches on Sunday, and Mr Fletcher added that most of the Radical clubs were kept open by their sale of "dirty whisky." Mr Fletcher nest made statements which could only be 'regarded as accusations of jobbery on the part of members of the Governnment, but he took care to add that "I am not suggesting anything, but there you are !" With regard to tariff "reform" he said "We don't want Protection at all,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
CROFT.

PRESENTATION TO MR JOSHUA BALL,J.P.—At a whist drive held by the Croft and District Farmers' Associa- tion in the Council School on Saturday evening, the opportunity was taken to present Mr Joshua Ball, the president of the Farmers' Association, with an illumin- ated address, congratulating him on his appointment as a county magistrate. The Rector (Rev H I Wadeson) presided and Lord Wolmer, M.P. made the presentation

===== 0002601_19130201_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

LABOUR CLUB.-At the fortnightly meeting of the Peoketh Labour Party held on Wednesday in the above club room, the members and friends were favoured with a visit by Mi Lowe of Warrington, who gave an interesting address on " What is Socialism." The speaker dealt with it in a fair and broad-minded way and he was listened to with close attention by a very good company. Several questions were asked at the close of the address by the members. Mr Lowe has promised to pay another visit to the club at some future date. Mr Clay of Warrington presided.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD.

DENTH OP MR. RALPH LAWTON.—The death of Mr Ralph Lttwton, of Brookside Farm, Orford, and formerly of Wellfield-street, Warrington, took place on Monday morning after comparatively short ilhss. He had been ailing for some time, but only took to his bed a fortnight ago. Dr Naden, and eventually Dr Fox, were summoned, but he passed away as stated. Deceased was in his 6Gth year, and leaves a widow and family of five—three sons and two daughters. The funeral will take place this (Saturday) afternoon at the Cemetery

===== 0002601_19130201_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SAN KEY.

ALLEGED INCENDIARISAI.—At the Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday, Jame,: Gilbert Whitley (32), a labourer, who was charged with setting fire to a hayrick at Sankey, on itiovember 13, was found insane and unfit to plead.—His Lordthip ordered that the prisoner should be detained during his Majesty's pleasure. PAROCHIAL TEA.—In connection with St. Mary's Parish Church the annual parochial tea party was held in the Sankey Schools, and proved to be very successful, there being a record attendance. Besides the tea the party enjoyed themselves with dancing, and a concert was arranged in the small room under the superintend- ence of Mr D R Griffiths, Head Master of the Council Schools, Penketb. The following were the artistes : Mrs Wilfred Dwerryhouse. Misses Hilda II A Murray,M IMur.ay,Messrs Gonlden,and %V H Ireland;Miss Standish I was the pianist. The music for dancing was supplied by Messrs Ray Bros., and the M.C.'s were Messrs E J Dumbell and H Plumpton. SUNDAY SCHOOL SCHOLARS'. TREAT.—The senior scholars of the St Mary's Sunday school and Penketh Mission, had their annual treats on Saturday last. The officers and teachers had made excellent arrangements for the scholars to have a pleasant evening and they certainly were fully repaid for their trouble, as all seemed to enjoy themselves to the full. The usual games were indulged in. The Vicar was in attendance.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
MOORE.

WESLEY GUILD.—On Wednesday evening last Mr SA Elliot gave a paper entitled "An evening with Keats." Mr Elliot's visits to the Guild at Moore are always keenly looked forward to and consequently there was a very good attendance. %Ir. K. H. Meldrum made an excellent chairman. Contrary to common practice, in dealing with the biography of this youngest of the English Poets who have become famous, Mr Elliot commenced by giving a graphic description of the death of Keats, at the early age of twenty-five in Rome whither he had gone on a fruitless quest for health. Then reverting to the time of his birth he outlined in a very interesting manner the life (alas all too short) of John Ke,its. During the evening many beautiful selections from the poet's works were quoted and Mr Elliot possesses such elocutionary powers that many of the selections brought forth well merited applause. At the conclusion of the meeting Miss Dutton voiced the very sincere thanks of the members to Mr Ell jot for his most interesting paper.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

BLAMED THE CAT.

At Runcorn, on Monday, Philip Paylor, of Norley, was summoned for trespassrng in search of game. Albert Edward West, as3istant gamekeeper to Sir Richard Broolse,said he saw Taylor setting rabbit traps in a field in th,?. occupation of Mr Charles Percival. Defendant said the cat had brought home the rabbit trap found on him. He did not know how to set a trap. It was just a chance that be bad the trap in his pocket. He was fined 10s, and advised to turn the cat out when next it brought a trap home.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr J Spruce presiding.

ASSISTANT NURSE.

Miss C Roughsedge wrote resigning her position as assistant nurse at the Union Infirmary. The resignation was accepted and it was decided that a successor be advertised for.

THE MENTAL DEFICIENCY BILL.

The Clerk to the Wharfedale Union forwarded the following resolution passed by them and asked the Guardians to give it their support. "That His Majesty's Government be urged to re-introduce at the earliest possible moment the Mental Defficiency Bill and use every endeavour to have the measure passed into law."

The Chairman (to the clerk) : What do you recommend? The Clerk: You cannot tell in what form the Bill would be introduced. It was compulsory- Mr Linak er : I think if we had a rest from legisla- tion for a time it would be better.

Mr Linaker, jun., moved that the letter lie on the table.

Mr G Pilling in seconding said: " It would be as well ; it might affect many of us." (Laughter.) NATIONAL CHILDREN'S HOME.

The Secretary of the National Children's Home and Orphanage wrote stating that the cost of maintenance would in future be 78 per week. He stated that the boy Wallace in their custody attended the Elementary Day School. He had progressed very well and was nearing the end of a year in which he has been in Standard V. The medical report stated that the boy was developing well. The boy, when 14 years of age would be able to take up work on the farm and garden. The boy was well fitted to do the work. Mr Linaker suggested that the Board should consider the advisability et removing the boy to the Dutton Homes. (Hear, hear). _ _

Mr WoOdvvara asked on what ground the boy would be taken away ?_

The Clerk : On the ground of expense. You can just as well.look after him at your own homes.

After having spoken at some length in favour of the work which the Children's Home did, Mr Wood said he thought the publio ought to give the Board credit for saving the rates of the Union to such a great extent as they did, by taking children in the homes, other than those who bad passed through the Workhouse. Mr Roylance said he was afraid it would cost them more than is per week.

It was decided that the question of the advisability of transferring the boy to the Dutton Homes be con- sidered.

THANKS FOR TREAT.

The minutes of the Visiting Committee, which were adopted, showed that Miss Mary Hannah Potter was recommended for appointment as laundress at the Workhouse at a salary of £2O per annum. Mr Spruce proposed that the Board tender thanks to the Ladies Visiting Committee for the preparations they made on the occasion of the treat to the inmates. He was only sorry that tbe Board was not more fully represented at that gathering. Alderman Norman seconded, and siid the treat was equal to any they had had befoie. Messrs Davies and Baxter supported. RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Dutton, on Tuesday. Mr C E Linaker presiding.

WHOSE ROAD.

The County Architect wrote raking the Rural Council to permit the construction of a cartway crossing at the Stockton Heath Police Station, across the footpath to the ambulance entrance gates. It was pointed out that the road in question was Grappenhall-road which was controlled by the County Council and it was decided that the Clerk write to the Clerk of tbe County Council stating that the Runcorn Council did not control the road and that it was the County road.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURANCE Co 11:34 I TTEE.

The Cheshire Insurance Committee, having written asking the Council to neminate representatives to serve on the Runcorn Urban and Rural District Committees, it was decided that. Messrs c, peed, Davies and Hallows be appointed on the Rural District Committee and Mr Chadwick on the Urban District Committee.

Mr Antwis : They have got a good job. (Laughter.) The Chairman ; We shall soon want salaries. GRAPPENHALL SEWERAGE.

It a, ports of the various committees which were adopted included that of the Grappenhall &c Sewerage Scheme, which stated that the committee met the previous day and instructed Messrs Wright and Harnlyn to inspect and report on the b--st means of dealing with the open sewer in Mayfield-road, Grappenhall.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATER SUPPLY.

The SECRETARY of the Local Government Board wrote respecting the quality of the water supply in the Parish of Antrobus. it was stated that it was not good and he was to enquire what action the Council have taken or propose to take to provide satisfactory supplies within the parish ? It was observed that supplies derived from wells in the Parishes of Alvanley, Antrobus, Bartington and Kingswood are stated to be adequate but inconvenient" in this connection, and whether it applied to all supplies in the parishes. The CLERK was instructed to formulate a suitable reply stating the position of the parishes referred to, also that the" inconvenient" applied to the distance.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

ThA MEDICAL OFFICER (Dr. Adams) submitted his report which was adopted. It showed one case of scarlet fever and one of diptheria from Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST HELENS CYCLE CLUB.

The annual dinner of the St Helens Recreation Cycle Club was held on Saturday night at the Royal Raven Hotel, about sixty members and friends being present. Mr Geoffrey Pilkington presided. The toasts of the N.C.U. and the St Helens Cyclists' Club were proposed by Mr W Taylor. Mr W Inman, chairman of the centre responded. Mr I Little responded for the St Helens Club, and thanked the Recreation Club for their kind- ness in allowing the club the free use of their cycle track for supplementary sports. In response to the toast of Messrs Pilkington Bros." Mr Pilkington said he was sure that working men living in towns like that wou:d find great benefit from the pastime of cycling. for it would improve their health and make them happier in every way. ALLEGED INCENDIARISNI. ST. HELENS COAL DEALER SENT TO THE

===== 0002601_19130201_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSIZES.

John Lloyd, coal deal;:,-1-I,—fork-stre3t, St Helens, was charged on Monday with wilfully setting fire to his stables. Mr Quinlan). who prosecuted for the Hearts of Oak Fire and General Insurance Company, pointed out that, after completing an insurance on his shop and stables and two horses on January 8, accused paid 5s 9cl premium, and received his policy. Within a few days the police found the man's stables, in which there were two horses, on fire. The fire sergeant noticed a strong smell of paraffin and the circumstances were so suspicious that Lloyd was arrested, and was now charged with setting the place on fire by means of paraffin. Mr Donnellan, for the defence, denied the imputations of the prosecution, and said that the magistrates were invited to decide against the prisoner simply on a number of assumptions. The bench com- mitted Lloyd to the Assizes.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAZY WITH ECZEMA.

Gratitude from a man who was cured by Dr.

Williams' Pink Pills.

One of the most troublesome features of

Eczema .is the liability

of the disease to break

out again after apparently

aucceisful tr eiim eni.

.. . . . . . ::::!:;,i'.:::::".;,,:•-• ::::_,',--:,:::,'.,:-.:::,'•., . .. . • • • - -+-- . .•• .: ....• - • • ::i''.,:', • •• . • ... . • ••• .-- iz:.:::i! '?i'" . . .. MR. J. S. BIRCH.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
because

mischief is

so _ deep-

seated and becan'se ordinary treatments

afford only partial relief. To get at the root and

cans; of Eczema it is

necessary to purify and refresh the system with . .

good pure blood—the rich red blood that is

created by Dr. Williams

Pink Pali. To make this point clear the case of Mr. Joseph Samuel Birch. proprietor of the Stores, 2 Harding Terrace, Northampton, is here furnished. "Some l ime ago," related Mr Birch, "I had an itching burning feeling between my fingers. This went on for a few hours, then the skin began to break. Then " blebs' formed all over my hands almost like nettle-rash. In a short time my arms were covered too, and I endured misery such as I should'at like even a dog to know. "The rash broke and became one huge sore, and I nearly went mad from the scalding, itching pain. felt as if I could tear the flesh from my bones. took medicine, and my wife made me some ointment. One doctor said that mine was s bad case of Weeping Eczema; he gave me cooling lotions and medicine. But the Eczema would break out again and again,and steadily spread to my back and legs. My arms and hands were so bad that my wife used to pour the ointment over my limbs and draw a pair of stockings over my hands up to my shoulders, to protect my arms, I had six doctors at different times, also treatment from hospital.

WITH BOTH ARMS IN SLINGS.

" For months together I walked about with both arms it., slings, and, of course, work was out of the question. I had fearful nights ; when warm in bed the irritation was enough to drive me crazy. "For 12 years I suffered like this. Then a niece persuaded me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I took several boxes of the pills before noticing much difference ; still the irritation steadily kept going down, and I could sleep better at nights. As I persevered with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, the sores dtied up leaving the flesh underneath as clean and healthy as could be. In time, except for a scar or two, no one could have told that I had had Eczema. My cure took place two years ago, and I've never had the least sign of skin trouble since. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills thoroughly cleansed my system, filled my veins with good pure blood, and banished all the. Eczema."

Sufferers should write to 46 Holborn Viaduct, London, for free booklet" Diseases of the Blood."

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have cured not only innumerable cases of Eczema, but also Anfemia, Indigestion, Rheumatism, General Weakness, and varions Disorders of the Blood and Nerves. They are obtainable of dealets ; but if in doubt send direct to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 40, Holborn Viaduct, London, enclosing 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six. Common pink pills will not do, you must have Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Burning Fatality.

An inquest was held at the Wa;rington Coroner's Court, on Wednesday morning by Mr F A Jones (deputy coroner), touching the death of Elizabeth Leigh, wife of William Leigh, a wire rope maker, of Bostock-street.—The husband stated that his wife was. .54 years of age. On the 10th of January he was at work, when he was informed that she had been burned Be returned home and found she had been badly scorched on the body, chest and arms. She told him that her Deice asked her to get a pencil which was on the mantel shelf over the kitchen fire. She stood on the fender to get it, and in reaching over, her apron caught fire. The flames travelled up her dress and her blouse became ignited. She tried to put out the flames by wrapping herself in an old macintosh and by pouring cold water over herself. She was successful in her endeavour and then rushed out into the yard screaming. A neighbour came to her assistance and she was taken to the Infirmary. She appeared to be recovering, until Saturday, when she became worse and died early on Sunday morning.—The jury returned a verdict of 'Accidental death."—Mr R Roberts watcbed the proceedings in the interests of the relatives.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0149.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
v..,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0150.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I 4 k Fr' .

===== 0002601_19130201_art0151.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ttit •;,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
010.111111.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
El

Sir,—l am afraid that "Phil Squod" has failed to grasp the nature of my last letter. Its purport was to demonstrate what should be the marks or characteristics of the True Church established by Christ. The question of doctrines taught by that or any other Church is quite anoher matter and beyond the scope of the argument. I have .not yet attempted to expound any Catholic doctrine, although quite willing to do so if requested. As to "Phil Squod's" alleged perplexity as to what Church or branch of a Church I refer to., I think there can be no doubt in the minds of your readers generally, as the heading of the letters is sufficiently significant. I don't refer 'to any branch, but to the Roman Catholic Church, which is either the one True Church or nailing. Our friend urges, in his last letter, that this Church is corrupt, and if such is the case it has not a claim to be evert a branch of the true Church. The wickedness of individuals within her pale is one thing however, and the alleged 'corruption of the Church and her doctrines quite another. But to refer to his idea of u Church. He states that "a true Church should expound the Scrip- fures, teaching nothing but what is contained therein." Such a statement clearly implies an authority to teach, and for a man to be teaching he must necessarily be explicitly and definitely ex- pounding truths which there is no gainsaying, for if he. is merely expressing his own opinion he is not teaching. Now, the Catholic Church teaches among other things the Unity and Trinity of God; the Incar- nation, Death .and Resurrection of Our Saviour; Purgatory, Immaculate Conception, etc. Whether these doctrines are true or not is not the question. The point is that she teaches this perfect and definite code of doctrines explicitly,- emphatically, unitedly, and universally. Thus I maintain that even if her doctrines are not true (which I don't admit), she possesses the elements necessary for a true teacher, viz., certainty, confidence, and unity. Moreover, as God's Church must be universal, she also possesses that distinction. This I asserted in my last letter, and as it has not been questioned, it is therefore admitted that such is a fact. Now, if the Roman Church is wrong and bad, there must exist somewhere the true one, and which must necessarily have better credentials than that which is untrue. Then what. I ask "Phil Squod" to tell us is : What teaching body outside the Roman Catholic Church propounds for man's belief a definite code of doctrines? Which is that "Church of which any preacher of such Church can say to his congrega- tion : "You must believe this or that dictrine which I deliver to you, because I am one of the preachers of that authoritative body which Christ established for the expounding of the Gospel? And what I deliver to you is the same as is taught by my fellow preachers throughout the world."

If "Phil Squod" can bear testimony to a Church having such or bettek credentials, he will give us cause for serious reflection.—Yours truly,

JOHN RICHARDSON.

86 Buttermarket-street, January 29th, 1913

... . 1 I 1 ,• , • liers L -, ~..t.,-,-r„i......,1 to the - ~-. . . , 1 El TOR '.:._ ,•\_, -. -7--;,,,__Ahl,:-: ••,*4------. _,......'"!"'-''"'"---'—""s'A-_i_._ ---2----__•4 ROMANISM V. PROTESTANTISM.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTS OF MANUFACTURES 1903-1912.

Sir,—ln Warrington as elsewhere. we are eon:

vinced that after the ten years' ding-dong of Tariff Reform we are all heartily sick of the sub- ject. I hesitate therefore in writing anything that bears any relation to it. But leaving out of con- sideration the inconsistencies, sectional appeals, economic confusion which have all along charac- terized this movement, it is well that we should carefully watch the tendency of our trade with the outside world which this ill-started movement was designed to alter. And here we pass from the region of theory to that of fact. For the pur- pose of ascertaining the growth of our imports of fully-manufactured goods ready for use I have as below extracted from the Board of Trade re- turns the figures for 1903 and 1912. The period is of special interest, because it covers the time in which the fiscal controversy has been prominently before the country. To ascertain the balance for home consumption, the re-exports are deducted: It must be acknowledged that the term fully- manufactured goods ready for use is difficult to apply. It is impossible to tell in many of the items what proportion is subject to further manu- facture, and hence difficult to determine to what class these properly belong. For example, in the case of. silk manufactures, which form nearly a third of our fully-manufactured imports, a pro- portion of these imports are in the form of broad- stuffs, which although as such are fully manufac- tured must necessarily go to our workshops to be made up into articles of clothing. Again, ma- chinery although not subject to further manufac- ture is almost entirely us-e'd by and benefits our manufacturers. For this reason I have thought it proper to omit it from the manufactured goods ready for home use. The accompanying list (although the selection is necessarily of an arbit- rary character) contains the items in our imports which can be most appropriately designed as above. And inasmuch as comparisons are made of the same goods for both years, the totals show fairly accurately the progress made in supplying our increasing requirements for manufactured articles ready for use. THE IMPORTS OF WHOLLY-MANUFAC- TURED GOODS. 1903. 11,784,117 Cutlery. Hardware and

1912. 11,727,094

Silk Manufactures

Scientific Instruments 2,545,895 3,938,931 Watches, Clocks & Parts 1,342,824 1,429,305 Cotton Manufactures

(Yarns. omitted) Woollen Manufactures

6,310,027 8,339,032 8,078,086 5,723,656 881,066 800,919

Boots and Shoes

Hats and Bonnets

(trimmed & untrimmed) 367,316 903,300 Printed Paper Fancy Goods Soap Toys and Games Carriages, Cycles, Motor

Cars-and 'Cycles Glass and Glassware

2,113,600 1,528,7.39 3,613,414 3,209,408 245,835 225,884 2,086,371 2.233,050 1,292,913 914,205 83,569 87,097

Basket & Basketwares...

Leather Manufactures ... Musical Instruments ...

Oilcloth

Wholly-manufactured... 14,367,283 44,166,434 Semi-manufactured .... 71,960,704 112,147,434

116,327,987 156,313,868

IMPORTS. Prom the above we get the following :- 1903 1912 mill. mill. Dec. p.c

Wholly manufactured goods Semi-manufactured Incr.

goods The amount of semi-manufactured goods is ar- rived at by deducting the fully-manufactured goods as per list from the total imports of goods classed in the Board of Trade returns as "Goods wholly or mainly manufactured." These semi-manufac- tured goods are mainly composed of 'blooms, bil- lets, and slabs, sheet bars, tinplate bars, and the like; copper, lead, tin, zinc in a semi-manufac- tured state; chemicals including materials for making dyes, drugs, colours, and tanning extract; leather; paper; motors and motor-cycle parts; paraffin wax, oil cake,-starch, etc.; stones and slates.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPORTS.

We now trim to the eporta of our manufactures of a similar character to the goods enumerated above. We find that while the imports of these have slightly diminshed, our exports in the similar classes have increased by £04,000,000. The total exports of manufactures have increased .U. 51,000,000.

It is only right to say that the general increase in values has effected semi-manufactured more than fully-manufactured goods, beCause these are nearer to the raw material. In manufactured goods, while also dependent on raw material costs, the ' proportionate dependence is less, hence to

ascertain the exact increase or decrease it would be necessary .to enter into elaborate calculations beyond our present capacity. But a comparison of the quantities imported in the contrasted years shows that while the correction would be required, it would not in any way invalidate the deduction which can be fairly drawn from the figures. This deduction is as follows During the last ten years, under our system of free imports, our nianufac- tures are tending more and more to supply the natural increase in the demand .for the finished articles for home consumption, and our increase of imports of an-called manufactured 'goods is only in those things Which supply our manufacturers with what to them is raw material. CRARLES E. PARKER.

Penketh, January 30th, 1913.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 1, 1913.

DVANCED EDUCATION.

should like to express iilyself upon a sUbject which some superior person signing him- self "Astonished" seems to' speak with authority, viz., the instruction given at the local Secondary School. _ _ _

I was a scholar at • this institution for four years, and can therefore claim to know a little of the education which is received there. I have been an "Old Boy" for nearly six years, and have had time to test, in some degree, the value of the instruction received. Others there are who were students at the school with myself and they, too, will testify that the instruction given in those days was thorough, and the methods employed by the staff were.quite as modern, and as successful, as those of any other school. The list of suc- cesses gained by the students is one of which the town should be proud, and these distinctions have been gained by the efforts of the staff, coupled with-the -industry of the pupils. Evidently "As- tonished" is so utterly overwholmed by his child's inability to keep up with the rest of the form that-in his paternal blindness he fails to reoognise his child's duty towards the schooT. • Moreover, if he had a genuine desire to see his child succeed, he would have interviewed the Principal, or the "offending" teacher, and, not have ignorantly rushed into print. May I suggest to "Astonished" that he kindly leaves the education of the children to those who have been trained expressly for this purpose? The duty of a right-minded parent is to stimulate his child to vigorous co-operation with his tutor, and not by sneers to make it impossible for the youngster to respect; and so derive benefit from the efforts of the teacher. He May as well take his child away from the school now that the teacher's good name has been held up to ridicule. The education at the Secondary School is "very advanced" for tho small-minded and unsympathe- tic prig; but to any one who will realise his duty to his school, it is not above his capabilitieq, and will stand him in 'good stead in later life.—Yours, etc., "W.:.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
VETERAN POSTMAN.

Photo Burrcit AIR. WILLIAM TAYLOR HUNT,

a well-known Warrington postman, who retired yesterday after thirty-two years' service. He began work at the Warrington Post Office in 18,30 as a night mail messenger and later was appointed a let:er del ivei er, having held that position up to his retirett,eut horn the service. He has served under eight postmasters and has enjoyed the confi- dence and esteem of the staff and public, by whom his conscientious work has been much appreciated.

• . 1 •••••••• • • : *P. /,,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS GORNALL'S CONCERT.

The charity concert, given in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening by Miss Mary Gornall for the benefit (f the Royal Albert Institution Lancaster,was distinctive in being conceived on a novel plan involving the free admission of the audience and the taking up of a silver collection during the iteerval. There was quite a large gatherit g of baluonably dressed people in the hall, and a very attractive, but all too long, programme of vocal and instrumental music and recitations was given by a number of capable amateur and pro- fessional artistes most of whom have appeared on past occasions at Miss Gornall's matinee concerts. We understand that the Royal Albert Institution has claims upon the public of Warrington inasmuch as some half-dozen at least of the inmates of that admirable harbour Lf refuge are from this neighbc.ur- hood. It is gratifying therefore to be able to announce that what is regarded as a very satisfactory money contribution will be made to the funds of the institu- tion as the outcome of the self-sacrificing efforts of Miss Gorman and her friends. As the circumstances under which the concert was given preclude anything in the way of detailed criticism, it must suffice to say that a very enjoyable evening was spent in listening to an entertainment the only fault to be found with which was its inordinate length. Otherwise the programme was as nicely diversified as song, recitation, and instrumental music both of the solo and concerted kind, could make it. The songs by Miss Hilda Cragg-James and Mr Mann were mostly both intrinsically good and well sung, and, beirg in their nature and character as widely apart as the poles, the effect of each was thereby enhanced. One could not but feel grateful that the first named singer included amongst her contributions the finely emotional but too much neglected "Spirit's song" f Haydn. To such an item and to Teresa del Riego's "Sink, red sun," some rollicking and good- humoured songs by Mr. Mann of which "The little grey home in the West" and "The Ringers of St. Peter's" are specimens, served admirably as a foil, and served also in lifting into more cheerful surroundings much else in the programme that was perhaps of too gloomy a character. Mrs. Ridgway's two recitations "The happy Prince" and" Dora" were given most feelingly and with great restraint, but, though they were listened t., with deep attention, one could not help feeling that the inclusion of both these big things resulted in unduly prolonging an already overloaded programme. Amongst the instrumental music were a Fantasia (Chopin) by Miss Mabel Fairclough, and an adaptation for two pianos of a piano concerto 17 Mendelssehn in which Miss Goruall took the more °nen us and responsible part. There were also a number of more or less interesting violin and 'cello solos by Miss Amethe Leadbetter and Miss Gladys S. Stewart and a trio (the that movement of the Mendelssohn D minor) in which these two ladies were associated with Miss Gornall.

Military Dinner The Warrant Officers and Sergeants (past and present) of the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) held their annual dinner in the Lecture Room at the Drill Hall on Saturday evening. Sergeant-Major W Powcer presided over a gathering of over SO. Lieutenant-Colonel B Fair- clough, commanding the 4th Territorial Battalion, as present. An excellent dinner was served by Mrs Atkinson, from th, Cafe, Bridue-street--Referring to the presence of Lieutenant-Colonel Fairclough, the Chairman said he was an old friend of the Ist Battalion, having served with them during the South African war with ,the Volunteer Service Company.—Colcnel Prendergast, commanding the 2nd Battalion, who said he was pleased to be present, read a letter from Colonel Richardson (who takes a keen interest in the club) wishing them every success. (Applause.) The com- bined bands of the depot, The King's and South Lancashire Regiments, played an excellent selection of music.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH.

REV T T JAMES ENTERS UPON HIS PASTORATE.

The Rev T T James, M.A., will enter upon his pastorate at Wycliffe Congregational Church to-morrow (Sunday), when he will (,ccupv the pulpit at the morning and evenieg services. Special music has been arranged, incluGiug the anthems " 0 for a closer walk with God " and 'Hear ray prayer " which the choir sil render at the morning and evening services respectively. It is expected that there will be le.rge congreg,tions, so that Mr J;.rnes may inatuurate his ministry in the town u. der the most ef.couraging and hel i,il auspice... 'Cho six yeas' h..ppy and successful mini‘try of the v T T James bt Wycliffe Church. .7.l.ltilield, came to an cud lat Su,day evening, when he preached from the we, "1 kin whom I have believed." Referring to his dep,irture he said that he should carry 'away with him Irian that church many happy memories. •

At a pub. _ meeting Vir and mes were the recipients of handsome presentations. It is worthy of note that Mr James brought into exi.tence not only the brotherhood, which is the second largest in Sheffield, but the sisterhood and in-titute coni•edted with the church, and the entire work of the chinch has grown aid prispered during his stay in the city. Mr F Skelton, who presided it the meeting, said they had a great deal to he thankful for in the six years of Mr JAnes's mit istry and in the good work he had done, not only by his preaching but by everything le had takr n in hand. The Rev J F Matthews (Baptist, formerly of War- rington), s.rid that all the Free Churches of Sheffield regretted Mr James's leaving, for they were 10-ing a genitl, painstaking, versatile, and accomplished minister and a true friend. He was going to one of the finest churches in Lancashire, which had wonder- ful traditions, and in which he would have splendid opportur ities. The 11ev. E V Everard, vicar of St, Philips's, said it had been a pleasure to be a neighbour of Mr James He had known him on the cricket field, and if he had not been stumped by Mr Trar ter be had been bowled by Mr James. (Laughter.) They all liked mu,cular Christians. (Hear, hear.) The Rev E H Titchmarsh spoke on behalf of the Sheffield Congregational Aw=ociation, and Councillor Crowther the Sheffield Federation of Brotherhoods, of which he is the president. The latter referred with pleasure to the presence of Mr Everard. He said that the pulpits of Nonconformity were open to Nonconformists. When churches recognised their duty to the people around them, a 4 Wyciffe had done, the masses wculd &cy,rl be gathered in.

Several speeches followed by representatives of various departments of the chunh. Mr A Jefferson, secretary of the chuich, handed to Mr James a gold watch, and to Mrs James a dressing case. The Pastor, in reply, thanked the church for the freedom of speech they had allowed him in the pulpit. He said that, in his opinion, every church existed to deal with people who lived at its doors, and that had been his ideal in Sheffield. Christianity was not for a select few, but for everyone.

On Monday evening the Rev T T James will pre-ide at the annual congregational tea party at Wycliffe Memorial Hall.

....i.;11•12,, ~,,.,.......,„„.... 4, ' .-. ' ' '..-..:,':5. ..,..':::-.-!'',.i.;.4.:!. ..,•... 'iltifilt 1:-..., .:,,..,::::: ... ~.' '.O.P.t :•":4...:::t't , 44,., -. . ..::•.:...::.,.4,5.f.AR4,..::!.,,„... .„e.,:....., .... . 4... : ,::.• ~, • •:'.: ~,,,,,,..li, ' .• , ', ''''•'•,:'::K,:''•'i','NV,. I ii,i,•::: . ' ' : li: . • ....• .",:• • :••:. ~,,, I it:•.:,.., f . ~ . ' . .7,''': '' •aki::::I*,41:::14':: ',%4tX .I''.i.:',lYi'•'%ti.,l;„l:3•::::: .''..]-: 1 , . ' ..'''' ' , ''': ' .' ` '1::...1.i.:.::::;<'•••:' : ' ''' ' ' I,'. ' . ' r , • . ... .%.... ~ .. ' ' .....,.. .` ' .., • , . , .. . ~..., m . in _ lie farewell Mrs Ja

===== 0002601_19130201_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODRO-NIE.

"Queen of Lilliput." - Such is the title which has been bestowed upon Lady Little, the smallest woman in the world, at the sight of whom, the large audiences at the Hippodrome this week have been perplexed and astonished by her exceeding diminutiveness. Although over 20 years of age she is only 23 inches high, and does not turn the scale at eleven pounds. She is accompanied by her director, Mr Harold L. Hilliard, who, although only ordinarily tall, appears to be some giant besides the dainty little doll-lady. In child-like tones she tells the audience interesting facts about her life, and not a few of the audience are given the oppor- tunity to shake the hand of this little artiste. Lady Little has an enormous amcunt of valuable jewellery which, as is explained, she has received from Royal personages the world over. We are also humorously told that in view of the single blessedness which Lady Little enjoys, many offers of mart iage have been received from War- ringtonians. Someone evidently wants a pocket edition entertainer. The premier all-round instru- mentalists, Cavalotti Bros are highly successful in a refined and clever musical turn, playing most skilfully on numerous wind instruments. It is indeed a beautiful ten minutes with the great com- posers. Conway George is a vocal and character impressionist of no mean older, his child mimicry being very well clone.fhe music hall favourites of our fathers and of the present day are presented by Graham, the human marionette. We see the music hall of 1870 and the" stars" of that period as well as the elaborate vaudeille stage of 1912. His representa- tions cf Barry Lauder and George Lashwood evoked much laughter. Hal Bryan is a popular vocal comedian with a bright style and greatly pleases in his popular number" You can't judge a woman by her clothes." Ragolio is a rag artist and lightning sketch artist, for whom these is a fair amount of applause. Frank and Beryl Harmeiltre clever drawing room entertainers in burlesque comedy and harmony, Little Connie Edmonde, a juvenile serio comedienne also appears.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

The great attraction next week will be the presentation by Fred Kano of his latest laughing creation "The Hydro." Syd Chaplin will appear as Nick Sharp. There will be a real swimming bath with a bevy of beautiful bathing girls. Other items will be :—Belle Davis and Clacker Jacks in Southern pastimes; Charles Torbay, comedy in the shade; Jack Stocks, the man of mirth; Elsie Ellis, charming comedienne; and John Earl, the Hatedian.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
CRINIE IN WARRINGTON.

The Chief Constable of Warrington (Mr. Martin Nicholls) has issued his sixth annual report dealing with the state of crime in the borough and the work of the police force for the year just ended. The number cf crimes reported during the year was 304, being an increase of 98 over the previous year. From these offences 195 persons were pro- ceeded against, an increase of 41 on the figures for 1911. The value of property stolen amounted to £646 10s lid and the amount recovered was £325 19a 11d. There was also an increase of 9 in the number of juvenile offenders charged with theft and apprehended dut log the year. The number of persons proceeded against for non-indictable offences was 1,553, of which number 922 were apprehended and 631 summened. As compared with the figures of the previous year there was a decrease of 15 in the number of persons arrested, and an increase of 57 in the number of persons summoned. There was a decrease of 9 in the number of persons proceeded against for drunken- ness. The police had restored to their parents 355 children who were found wandering in the streets.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
£lOO FOR THE INFIRMARY.

INSURANCE ACT AND THE "FOUNTS OF CHARITY."

The following letters have been sent to us for publication by Councillor H. Roberts : , "Kingsley," Hill Cliffe, Warrington. 30th January, 1913. J. H. J. Hampson„Esq., Secretary, Warrington Infirmary. Dear Mr. Hanipson,—l have very great pleasure in handing to you a cheque for £lOO, which I have received from my friend and colleague, Dr. Markel, as a. donation to the funds of the War- rington Infirmary. I also enclose a copy of Dr.. Markel's letter to myself which accompanied his cheque, and which admirably expresses what, in my judgment, is the opinion held by the great majority of our people in regard to the National Insurance Act, the in- calculable benefits of which are only now begin- ning to operate.—Faithfully yours, H. ROBERTS. 20, Queen's Gate Terrace, London, S.W. 29th January, 1913. Dear Mr. Roberts,—l believe certain people have made the National Insurance Act a pretext for withholding; or for reducing, their contribu- tions to the hospitals. I do not know whether this has happened at W rrington, but if it has I should like to do some little towards redressing the balance. Will you (10 me the kindness of passing on the enclosed cheque for the benefit of the 'Warrington Infirm- , and, in doing so, of intimating that this donation is expressly made to commemorate the inauguration of the great scheme ofiNational In- surance, which, far from drying up 'the founts of charity, should hearten all those whose desire it, is to make systematic war with disease and distress.—With very kind regards, believe me, yours sincerely, . • (Signed) K. E. MARKEL. , A. Roberts, Esq., J.P.. "Kingsley," Hill cliffc, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
Treatment of Insured Patients.

At a meeting of the Board of Management held 3esterday afternoon, it was unanimously resolved : "That no chani2o be nu!de for the next three months in the pri4co if t% 0 Warrington Infirtnaty and Dis- pensary in thA trPatarient of patients in consequet.ce of the National Heath Insurance Act, fart that a list of insured patiel ts and t.t.e societies to which they belong be kept." The lion I reasurcr gratefully acknowledges the receipt from Dr K E Make], pc,r *Mr henry Roberts, of the sum of £lOO.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRRINGTON CURA.TES APPtIN

, . ..,, ,:„.........,,,,,,,,,:,.]?q,......,:::....,...::::::::,,......::,:;::::',:•:.':':::::,!..q....,.,::::,.:::::.''.:::::::,:::.::n. ?(414:4,!:•;:::::.:::::!‘",•:::::::!:7:::,'..i:::::;:,...::.•'••••• . , ~..,....:,::::,....4:,.•:,41%.:10%...1...!.iiii.i.....i.,.....,...,,.........,.1...i........,::i.,..::,.........,:,..,,,,...::::......::,..........„..,... 1 5:::::,..„..:,,,....:•:::::fiRr,.-:: " ;P:::::,::::•:::-..Z.:.',,:•,•'.•:;,.."•:',0,,,,.:..--.....,4*0.4:4:4:. ''''.:::,••.)..,:::i!i:i....:::::::....,,,,y,,,:„„,.„...,,..... ....,,, ,-..•...:..,.„..<:.,,],:„:.:..:........,::1:::: •••:,.,.•ei0':Ait.,.:4•:•.....: • ....-•::,,:::::,:::::::::,,,,,,,,,,„,:„.. ~..;...'4ii:?-1.::';''.;V:0,11 ' 7,1: . • 3ti..:.':::::::::,?::":',.rt':,....:0:: 0..,-.4.,-...:::;,:o.::;.:-...,"-: ..7 t:,....... - ,x„?...i...:;';....:4:T.:.:-.....:::...•'....<.!: .'.4.::11 44-;.;.4...V.:'. ~.'i'i'...,...z..-,:-:',...;'..-.i.''..':....".....,„ . ::::„..,:......,.:,...,....,., . . . ..,..„...‘,..„...........-„ , ~:......, , . ....., .... . , ~ : :. •• . ' . , ~.. :.... , Photo Bur,

===== 0002601_19130201_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. A. J. BRATT. M.A.

Tell.

The impending departure from Warrington of the Rev A J Bratt, senior curate at the Parish Church, will be genarally regretted, not only by Churchpeop.le, but by members of many other denominations with whom Le Las came into contact during his ministations in the town. Mr Bratt has accepted the position of clerical organizing secretary of the Church of England Waifs and Strays Society for the dioceses of New- castle, Durham and Carlisle, and will enter upon his new duties shortly after EA ster. An M.A. of Durham University, Mr Bratt received his theological education at St Aidan's Theological College, Birkenhead. Having held curacies at Huddersfield, Portsmouth (where he worked in the parish of St. Agatha's Landport, which will ever be associated with the name of Father Dolling) and Tamworth, Mr Bratt came to Watrington four-and a- half years ago. Bis gifts as a preacher ate exceptional, for be combines a happy facility of expression, with a directoess, originality and wealth of homely illustra- tion, which appeal to all. Moreover, he makes a point of keeping in touch with the latest developments in the social and scientific worlds and he has always given his hearers the benefit of his studies. Mr Bratt is also an energetic wotker and the remarkable success of the Men's Bib!e Class is due to his splendid leadership and initiative. Useful work has also been done in the parish by Mr Bratt's sister, Mrs Hopkins.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. RN-LANDS' RECREATION v JUNIOR LIBERALS.—PIayed at the Junior Liberal club. score : ItYLANDS'. JUNIOR LIBERALS. Handicap 32 Handicap 160 W Langley (Capt.) .1 Leah lOO H G Roden 4l J Blackledge T Warhurst

Thomas

3 Armitage 7B F Lloyd H Eyes lOO H Cberatt It Maskell

795 745 Majority for Rylands, 50. LIBERAL CLUB V PARISH CIIURCII.—PIayed at the Liberal Club on Thursday. Scores :

MI:ERA" CLUit IN:STITUTE Handicap 40 Handicap 120 J Davies W Woods lOO H Howarth E A Sanders F INlnllery S Littlewood 9l T Craik E Pierpoint J Halliwell lOO 'l' Yates W Patrick

Majority for Lib. Club 158.

C.Y.NT.S. v SENIOR CONSERVATIVES.—The Catholic Club has avenged the narrow defeat sustained at the Conservative Club and gained a notable triumph in the match played on Thursday evening. Scores :

- -C.Y.M.S. SENIORS. liandicap SO Scratch 0 Toole, captiin M Cunningham 29 T Horrabin P Cunningham F Wafter lOO H Parkes L Miller 6l H Bennett lOO .1 Durkin lOO V H Auckland C Turner lOO T Lawrence B J Kelly

713 702 C.Y.M.S. majority, 41. EMMANUEL. OUR LADYS. Handicap 160 Handicap 120 T Whitehurst R Lees 65 F Tivnan lOO C Harrison 9O .1 Corcoran lOO W Bibby 74 S Millington lOO W H Knight .1 Bibby H Bibby lOO .1 Dunne 64 T A Knight

889 Majority for Emmanuel, 218.

FRIENDLY MATCH.

LEAGUE OF THE CROSSIV. Si' BENEDICTS' C.Y.M.S. —Played at the League Hall on Thursday,the home team winning by 713 points to 707.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
ha

Made Fines

WYC

TO-NIOR

BAP TC

BAPT TC

blorning Even

ST. ' To-Mc

eIAIR( ki TC

Preacher

6.30 P.:

ASSEMI 6.30 p. Subject

BE \VI

T6--MOB

Mon EVE: WAI

Ev Bou

SPF,CT STREEI NEXT N\ at 8 Choir. ] WAI

111 E RI

Wsr

waholit

ON T Sirp,jEc

AU 1011 Wit 'IL 11

LA

tEETJ WE

J. MC R. Km P. SHOI

REI SOU,

altn 1 "ORGA

BR —l.—F A " the

T T will b

Ticii Ground TO -- I)

GeN Loa Wes Lab Cbcc ERE

===== 0002601_19130201_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
--

THE RECTOR MD NONCONFORMITY.

ALDERMAN BENNETT TAKEN TO

TASK.

In his breezy and interesting little publication "The Sunrise Annual," Alderman Bennett, in the course of a review of the events of the year 1912, has the following reference to the Welsh Church Bill:

We —are not very much concerned about Disestabliehment, and, as Mr. Arthur hlounfield has shown in his interesting history of "Warring- ton Nonconformity," now appearing in the "War- rinktna Examiner," a good share of the original endowments of the Church belong, by right, to the churches which now represent the brave ejected ministers who, two hundred and fifty years ago, to the tune of some two thousand, gave up home and all they held most dear, and went into the wilderness sooner than betray their consciences. One of them, we recollect with pride, was Robert Yates, the Rector of Warrington. . • • If the Government had proposed to allocate the huge endowments which had been accumulated up to 1662 amongst the various sects that sprang from the great schism, we should recognize a sort of rudimentary justice in the Bill ; but to. take them from the Church which is, at present, making Filch good use f them, and not to hand the spoil to those who might legitimately claim a share, but to the County Councils, seems to us to be both mean and foolish. We, at any rate, as Nonconformists, will not countenance the plan. Speaking at the annual Couversazione in connection with the Warrington Church Society held in the Patten Hall on Thursday evening, the Rector (Rev Canon Willis) referred to the above expression of opinion. He said Alderman Bennett told them that the Non- coi4,rmist ministers who were the descendants of the ministers during the Rebellion had a right to the endowments. Let them think calmly and quietly over what really took place. Those Presbyterian ministers i had only been n office seventeen years—from 1015 to 1662—and then, to their honour, they resigned because they could not agree to the terms. But they were treated with gi eat leniency compared with the way in which thttr predecessors of seventeen years before had been timed out with t'ie greAtest cruelty. If it were true that there were 2,000 Nonconformist ministers who resigned, it was also true that there were three or four times as many rightful occupants who were turned out by the Nonconformists. It was simply a matter of history. Tne Rector also said he was supposed to have a hankering after the Roman • Church. (Laughter.) Nothing could be further from the truth than that. What he longed for was that the Roman Church should give up the Papal supremacy which was comparatively modern. The Eastern Church would never acknowledge the Papal supremacy and, as Anglicans, they wanted to be one with the Eastern Church, as well as with the Church of Rome, on right terms—and by right terms he did not mean for one moment, the recognition of Anglican Orders by ROMP, but he did not mean the giving up of Papal supremacy. The Rector further defined the Holy Catholic Church as meaning the whole Eastern, Roman and Anglican Churches, and all Nonconformists who had been baptised. Baptism was the one and only entrance into the Catholic Church. On the question of religious education, the Rector referred to the discussion in the Education Committee on the proposed transfer of teachers and scholars from Cairo-street to Holy Trinity school. He had every respect for those who cared for sanitary Fonditions, for the health of the body and for good instruction for the minds of little children, but what distressed him was that, apparently, because men differed so ranch in their religious views, they would prefer to banish definite religious instruction altog.ethT% Nothing could be better than the secular education in the Council schools, find, so far as it went, the religions instruction of an undenominational character was good, but why the Education Committee should refuse to have undenotninational religious instruction in the Council Secondary School when they had it in the elementary schools;he could not conceive. While pleading with the audience to do their utmost to secure religious instruction in the Secondary School, the Rector said the enly other course to take was to make their Sunday schools as efficient as possible, not for one moment being content with reading stories and amusing the chiloren, but seeing that they bad definite religious instruction spiritually and lovingly imparted. (Applause.) A most enio3 able min ice] programme had been arranged by AlrWB Randall (organist of Holy Trinity Church). It included songs by Madame Sara Sileoek, Miss L Davey, Mr C H Ford and Mr .1 B Poole, humorous interludes by Mr II M Ashton, a violin solo by Mr F H Randall and a pianoforte solo by Mr W B Randall (who also acted as accompanist).

===== 0002601_19130201_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
"IN THE HAND OF THE POTTER." Rev. J. E. Ratten bury on Mission Work in London.

"The Hand of the Potter " is the title of a striking book in which Harold Begbie shows what remarkable moral reformations have been effected through the agritcy of Christianity. It is well known that Mr Begbie found mcst of the material for ,his book in the great Christian and social work of thPsWest London Mission, of which the Rev J E Rittenbury is the superintendent. On Thursday Mr Rattenbury paid another of his welcome visits to Warrington and lectured in Bold-street Wesleyan Church on the ever- fasoinating theme of the West London Mission and its rescue operations. There was a large congregation, Mr C E Parker presiding. Mr Rattenbury is the inheritor of the traditions and spirit of the mission's great founder, the Rev Hugh Price Hughes. The Mission began as the West London Mission in 18S7 and it had its home for many years in St. James' Hall. On the demolition of this hall the Mission found a temporary headquarters in the Lyceum Theatre, while the new Kingsway Hall was being built. This building lately opened occupies a commanding position in the broad new thoroughfare. It has accom- modation for over 2,000 people and is crowded every Sunday. Surrounding the Central Hall are various rooms for meetings. There are all the accessories associated with the idea of an institutional church and these are already in full use. The dominant note of the Mission has ever been evangelical Christianity, coupled with what might be called the Social Gospel. But Mr Rattenbnry would claim that this was not a tacking on of the Gospel but an integral part; he would probably say that the message of the Mission was " Conversion for the individual, righteousness for the State, and a call to all for service and for sacrifice." The CHAIRMAN, in the course of a brief speech, said this was a great age, and everything that affected human beings collectively seemed to he assuming larger pro- portions Having referred to the tendency to amal,,,,a- [nation in industrial affairs, Mr Parker touched upon the enormous waste of physical, mental and spiritual activity involved by the many divisions in our denom- inational system. He pictured numerous little congregations engaged in singing about the Church marching on to war and " hell's foundations trembling" at the attack, but added that one was almost inclined to think that if hell's foundations did tremble as the result of our split-up denominational methods, thrse foundations must have been put together with uncommonly poor cement. (Laughter ) The large missions connected with the Wesleyan society were in contrast to the stagnant conditions which held good in connection with the ordinary efforts of almost every denomination, proving a great success, and it was to that branch of the Church's work that they looked with most hope for the future. (Applause). In his powerful address Mr Rattenbury emphasised the fact that the conversion of the individual was the dominant note of the mission from the beginning. He combatted the idea that conversion belonged to a differ- ent age, and was only applicable to particular individuals and races.He contended that the experience gained in the Mission established beyond question the applicability of the Gospel to every human being, and this for all time and all races, and gave many striking illustrations to prove this point. In dealing with the world-wide influence of the Mission, Mr Rattenbury spoke of several instances which came to his notice in his recent visit to America. He told how on board ship, after public meetings, in private interviews, in the States and in Canada of the many who had come to him with particulars of individual personal experience of the good they had received at the West London Mission. The rev gentleman also emphasized the sadness and dangers of the loneliness of London, especially to the many young people who come up from all parts of the country as shop assistants and the like. He described how at the Mission they had made a special effort to provide a home for these lonely ones, and told that in his membership there were over 300 young shop assistants, mostly from the country. One of the most impressive parts of the teverend gentleman's address efts his reference to the work of the Sisterhood, first organized as a Methodist Institution by the founder of the Mission and subjected at its formation to a consider- able amount of suspicion and distrust. Mr Rattenbury, in a very earnest and graphic passage, described tho heroic work of Sister Mildred in the rescue of fallen women, a heroism as great and greater than had been manifested by the heroes of early Methodism. Mr Rattenbttry claimed the support of the provinces for the Mission on the ground of the national and cosmo- politan character of its ministry and service. The audience responded to the appeal in a very practical way, the collections at the afternoon service and evening meeting amounting to £37.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
in

For the years of conscien- tious effort which has built up cur Sound Reputation for Square Dealing and good Furniture. It is a valuable " some- thing " which is worth money to you, and which you can hardly do without. Worth money, because it protects you from being taken in, you get

The t est in FURNITU, E Here

whether the low - priced Dining-room Suite shown here at £7 17s. 6d., or one ,her grade Suites

MARKET PRICES. WARRINGTON (FRIDAY). trRESII EGO'S, 7 for Is. SMALL SOLES, 2s ..11.ESH BUTTER, 1/I LEMON SOLES, is 4d CHEESE, (Cheshire) id to HALIBUT, is 4d 10d COD, 8d RABBITS, (English) is 3d HAKE, 81 to Is 5d PLAicE,Bd FOWLS 3s to 3s 9d each LOBSTER, 2s Gd per lb POTATOES, 4s per cwt EYEMOUTH HADDOCK, 8d BEEF, 7d to 11d DUCKLINGS,3B to 3s 9d MUTTON, 7d to lid per lb YOUNG PIGEONS, IS PORK, 10d per lb. PHEASANTS 7s to is 6d Brnce Bacon, 10d to IS ENGLISEI HABES,46 to 5s each

===== 0002601_19130201_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
TURTLE AND INFLUENZA.

At this season of the year, when influenza is rife, the danger of infection with this debilitating and dangerous disease is ever present. When we are tired or cold—particularly when both tired and cold—the natural disease-resisting forces of the body at e at low ebb, and we are at the mercy of the influenza germ. What the system needs at such moments is nourish- ment that can be assimilated rapidly enough to restore vitality at once: ordinary tonics and stimulants are useless, as they reduce the vital forces further in pro- ducing a fictitious and temporary strength. The finest and rn,}st rapid restorative food is turtle : it abounds in the phosphorous the system needs, in such easily digestible form that it is completely assimilated and its benefit felt within half-an-hour of taking it. Turtle has long been known to doctors for its rapid restorative effects, and they have always prescribed it in cases of nervous debility, exhaustion, and in con- valescence, for those who could afford it. In the past turtle has been extremely dear. To-day the enterprise of Bellis's, the largest firm in the turtle importing trad,% has brought turtle within reach of all. In Bellis's Turtle Cup you have finest turtle in con- centrated form, fully prepared so that all you need to do is to add boiling water to it in order to prepare the most nourishing and delicious food drink imaginable. Bellis's Turtle Cup exercises to the full the invigorat- ing and revitalising effects of turtle. Ask your Doctor, You can obtain Bellis's Turtle Cup from any grocer, in shilling bottles ; or direct from Turtle Cup (1911), Ltd.. Dept. 53, 15 Bury-street, St. Mary Axe London. Be sure you get the genuine Bellis's Turtle Cup.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. "Mother Goose" Pantomime.

In its gorgeous and beautiful setting, the comic pantomime "Mother Goose," presented by Mr Gar Kiddie's Company at the Royal Court Theatre this week, has attracted large " houses " at both perform- ances: The story of the goose which laid the golden eggs is too well known to relate here, and all that need be said of the pantomime version is that nothing of any material value is " potted "so as in any way to lessen the humorous element which prevails,iu a large measure, throughout. The various characters are well sustained, Mr Arthur Carlton being excruciatingly funny in the title role. Kar and Kooney era delight- fully humorous as Parchment and squire Swank. They indulge in the most eccentric typo of mirth-making, keeping the audience in one continual roar. It is due in a large degree to their energies that the pantomime goes with the swing which has made it so popular in Warrington. The Three Merry Wags introduce a speci- ality for which they are loudly applauded. Miss Dorothy Dare is a dashing comedienne and male impersonator, portraying the character of Archie, the Squire's son, in quite a manly manner. Her songs are breezy and catchy and her bouyancy thoroughly grips the audience who join in the choruses with great gusto. The character of the two policemen Robert and Timothy are in the able hands of Frank Langford and Harry Hughes who aid in keeping the ball of humour rolling, as well as proving themselves capable harmonising vocalists. Miss Brenda White is a captivating Marjory and along with her lover Jack, a character undertaken by Blanche 1114 r-ion, she scores a decided success. Bert Rex as Billy is very popular, his drollery being crowned with wit and irresistible humour. Miss Anna Rutland is a captivating Benevo- lence and Mr Bert DlArcy a cunning and unscrupu- lous Avarice. There is an extensive ballet, the groupings being carried out with much taste for the artistic. The music is enchanting, Mr G Gerrard Sinclair being an able musical director. There will be a matinee at 2.30 to-day and two performance* to-night.

===== 0002601_19130201_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

The sensational drama " Kit Carson " the blind detective, will be presented twice nightly next week.

DEATHS. DEACON—,At No. 19, Winwick Street, Wsrrington, Anne Lloyd litcon. Interred at Anfleid Cemetery, Liver- pool, is ebruary, 1913. LAWTON.—On the 27th of January, at Sendy Lane, Orford, Ralph, the beloved husband of Marina Lawtoo. Interment at Warrington Cemetery at 2.30, prior to which a service will be held at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel. Sadly missed. IN MEMORIAM. loving memory of James Birch who was suddenly called away, January 31st. From his Wife and Family.

WARRINGTON.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER & CO. (Warrington), Ltd., at The Rxtryniner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at 2, The rExantine Offices, Victoria-road, WIDNES. 3, Geoßge-streefp ST. BELENs. 3, Market-street, EARLEsTOW Churdelstreet, RUNCORN. FEBRUARY 1, 1913,

===== 0002601_19130201_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 2ND, 1913. REV. T. T. JAMES, M.A., WILL COMMENCE HIS PASTORATE. SERVICES: 10.30 AM. 630 P.AI. Armism s:— Morning: "Oh for a closer walk with God" (Foster) Evening: "Hear my prayer" (Mendelssohn). THE ORDINANCE OF THE LORD'S SUPPER at the close of Evening Sarvice. P.S.A. OPEN MEETING 3 P.M. MONDAY NEXT FEBRUARY 3RD, 1913. ANNUAL CONGREGATIONAL TEA MEETING REV. T. T. JAMES; M.A. WILL PRESIDE.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARR INGTON. Proprietor: SIR JOSEPH BEECHAII. General Manager: MR. A. M. LOADER. Acting Manager: MR. H. L. WARBURTON. Tel. 460. MONDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 3rd, and during the week. 6=-50 ;TWICE NIGHTLY 9 0 DOT-MIDGE, LONGDEN & LIELL present the latest sensational Drama, KIT CARSON' T.. .L.ND DETECTIVE. POPULAR PRICES: Early Doors. Stalls 1/3, Uirele gd. Pit ed, Gallery 3d. Ordinary Doors, Stalls 1/-. Cirel‘, 6d. Pit 4.d. Gallery 2d

HIPPODROME 7.0.-TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 3RD, FOR SIN. NIGHTS FRED KARNO PRESENTS THE HYDRO HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURtS. ELSIE ELLIS, Charming Comedienne. CHARLES TORBAY, Comedy in the Shade. JACK STOCKS, The Man of Mirth. JOHN EARL, The Hatedian. BELLE DAVIS AND CRACKER JACKS. Gallery, '2d. ; Pit, 4d. ; Grand Circle, 6d. ; Stalls, is

THE WARRINGTON MUSEUM COMMITTEE BEG TO ANNOUNCE that the following Popular Lectures on "FLORENCE AND ITS ART" will be delivered, under the auspices of the Ogden Trusieas . by J. E. PHY I HIAN, Esq., Saturday, Feb. 8. "CHURCHES, PALACES, AND SCULPTURE," Saturday, Feb. 15, "THE PAINTERS of the GOTHIC TIME." " Saturday, Feb 22, "THE PAINTERS of the RENAISSANCE." Lantern Illustrations at the CO-OPERATIVE HALL, C AIRO ST., at 7.30 p.m A OIaSSION FREE. _ • . - THE CORPORATION OF WAR RINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of years.--Application to be made to thl Bo ROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. ELoounoN.—Mß. ALFRED PERRIS GIVES LESSONS; also Dramatic Recitals at public and private gatheringi.-135, PADGATE LANE, Warrington. R .PITPWILISL LiII,EA4NT CO SITONS,SESF..R.C.O., Liil9l3—Licentiate Trinity College, London, (L.T.C.L.) 1913-1908 and l9o6—Silver Medals, Highest marks Junior Pianoforte, Liverpool Centre, T.C.L. 1912—Highest marks in British Empire Advanced Organ Ass. Bd., R.A.M. and R.C.M. 1912--G=.ld Medal, Highest marks Senior Pianoforte, Liverp;ml Centre, T.C.L. 1910 A Silver Medal, Highest marks Intermediate Pianoforte, Live:pool Centre, T.C.L. 1910—Local Exhibition, Highest marks in United Kingdom Intermediate Pianoforte, T.C.L. 1909—Associate Trinity College, London, (A.T.C.L,) LESSONS AT PUPIL'S RESIDENCE OR AT BROOKFIELD VILLAS, LYDIM. '- IT NEVER PAYS to send a Girl or Boy fresh from School into immediate employment. IT UNQUESTIONABLY PAYS to give them a first-class Business Education. IT INOISPUTABLY PAYS to have them thoroughly taught SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOK-KEEP- ING, OFFICE ROUTINE, HANDWRITII4G AND ARITHMETIC by fully-qualified diplomated London Specialists. Write or call : WOOD'S TUTORIAL COLLEGE. BOLD STREET, WARRINGTON. THE LICENSING (CONSOLIDATION) ACT, 1910. Notice of Imposition of Charges under Sectian 21 of thn Act. f`IOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. k.. 1 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIV N that the Compensation Authority for the above area have imposed, under section 21 of the Licensing (Consolida- tion) Act, 1910, for the year 1913. charges in respect of Licenses at the following rate, namely The maximum rate of charge under the Act, and charges on the premises affected will be levied and paid accordingly as part of the duties on the corresponding Excise Licenses. GEO. P. F. WHITE, 3, Egypt at., Warrington. Clerk of the Compensation Authority. I Dated 24th January, 1913.

ipt APTI S T CHURCH, LATCHFORD A-2 TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 2ND. PREACHER: REV. J. S. CHEDBURN. MORNING 10.30. EvzslNG 6.0.

BBAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET' TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 2ND. PREACHER: REV. H.. OGDEN. Morning 10.45: "Spiritual Altitudes." t„, Evening 6.30: "Social Sores, their Cure." vvednesday at 8 "Has man any obligation to God."

1E FORMED CHURCH OF ENGLAND ILL EMMANUEL CHURCH, BOLD STREET. Services every SUNDAY at 10.30 a.m. and 6.30 p.m REV. W. T. JAYE (Curate-in-charge). The Church provides a distinctly Protestant Chuch England service. All Seats Free. BOLD STREET service._ CHURCH TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 2ND Morning 10.30: REV. H. WILLIAMSON. Evening 6.30: REV. W. A. BECKETT. All Welcome. Hymn Books Provided.

CIAIRO STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON.— ANNUAL CHAPEL SERMONS TO-310hROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 2ND. Preacher: REV. STANLEY A. 3IELLOR, B.A. Ph.D. 10.45 AM. : "Essential Religion." 6.30 P.M.: "The Spirit of Revolt." ADDRESS BY THE CHRLSTADELPHI ANS WILL BE DELIVERED IN TOFT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. 6.30 p.m., SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2ND, 1913 Subject : "What is a Spiritual Body ? MR. J. H. GAMBLE, Stockport.

tia T. J 0 H N ''S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 2ND, 1913. 10.45 A.M. : REV. W. REID. 6.30 P.M. : REV. J. J. GLOVER, Risley. Moderator of Presbytery.

RIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, LEGH ST SPECIAL MONTHLY SERVICE, FEBRUARY 2ND, AT 6.30. Preacher: REV. W. COOPER. Subject : " Christianity and Democracy." Special music by the choir. ON THURSDAY FEB. 6th, Devotional Service at 3.30. Preacher: REV. F. W. BRETT, of Manchester. Tea Will be served at 5.0 and 6.0, 6d each. Lecture at 7.30 by Rev. F. W. Brett, on "*Oliver Wendell Holmes."

BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH.- GUILD FESTIVAL. Ox SUNDAY AND MONDAY, PEB, 2ND & 3RD, 1913. ON SUNDAY, TWO SERMONS will be preached by REV. E. B. KEELING. In the Afternoon at 2.45, there will be a MUSICAL SERVICE. DR.. BENNETT (ov PADGATE) WILL PRESIDE. , ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3RD, ,T„ne REV. E. B. REELING will give a Lecture on ""u1) S CALL AND THE WORLD'S CHALLENGE." CIIAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 8 Pail., EY •J. W. FIAYWARD, ESQ , J.P. SZECIAL MUSIC AT ALL THE SERVICES. COLLECTION FOR GUILD FUNDS.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT FREE CHURCH COUNCIL. SPECIAL SERVICE AND MISSION IN FRIARS' GREEN INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHURCH, ON THURSDAY NEXT, FEBRUARYGTH, 1913. To BE ADDRESSRD BY REV. :I. GWILYM JONES (St. Helene), and REV. FRED HIBBERT (Southport). AFTERNOON AT 4. EVENING AT 7.30.

fiAIRCOMI3INGS I made up zt- per oz. COVERLET TE I TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

WEDNESDAY NEXT, FEB. STH, 1913. MISS AGNES SLACK, CAIRO ST. SCHOOLS, WARRINGTON, 7.30.

E CING TORBAY, Februarg Ist.

.. ~., ~,t. 44 ? I .;,. ~.. 1 11 ~ 1 .: I.' '`i,f :(1 .!: ' " woo '., WEDDINGS. .4,..4,y44 i #•,,, *, '!, ..,1,%. ' 4 : - , D ' 9 , , A a' • i ' ' 40, ~, AL'', ' ' 1 A P "ste . '", , %Iv . A..... L i i c----, . 0 . *C„N ,y , ---,--_ _ , ,•,... 7 , Useful P 11; ..,---- Useful 4,- -141 Present s‘, •,:s 94„,,,p4k, ~ A ~‘,,,,,, ~...... , ~..1.,,,,.„-. i• , / \ , „ Present is g ' .fit4iti.4., f .h. 1 Given . ---- ; , _ iS ! 4 F pLLETISI4i.:4-- ... .• 0 NOTED Given with ~ GOOD LUCK , Vii4t7 WEDENN.O RiN ~ with GS „.., each 227 GOVERNMENT STAMPED ' ROUND. HALF' ROUND each t( EL FLAT SHA PiZO Ring. A . ALL .!--,OLD DV WEIGHT Rine.- AT SPE GIAL PRICES_ 2n. * A PRESENT WITH EACH R:NCi. 4- ' 4?Lmcfc.ulizzL.7.,.-2,z-g.i7MEMPt ~,:', • M.svrogaish _ ---- _ _ _ _ ' .., ,1•.-.L_L:.?, Round Shape, i-Round Shape—The Popular Flat Shape From 21/- to 601-. Ring—From 20/..t0 501... From 10/- to 50/-. The Largest Stock in the Town. F. HAL.L.ETT (many years with Eustance & Co, and lat., Manager Miller & Co.) JEWELLER & SILVERSMITH, 10 Bridge Street, Telephone WARRINGTON.

experience of the work they had done to promote the well-being and extension of the Rechabite Order in Warrington and District. In season and out of season through cloud and sunshine they had given both time and talents ungrudgingly for the benefits of the District and Order. It gave him great pleasure in making the presentation on behalf of their co-workers. BrLs Massey and Wright suitably responded. A capital programme of song, pianoforte solos, duets and recitations was submitted by the following artistes: Sisters P Ingram, E Hardman, Eva Shaw, E Davies D ThQmpson and Limy Littlewood. Bro Edward Littlewood moved a vote of thanks to the artistes who had taken part in the concert, and the ladies for catering for tea, and to Mrs Dodos for presenting the prizes.

' ' •

Rau &Miles, 27th Clearance Sale IN FORTY-NINE YEARS. £lOO,OOO worth of FURNISHING GOODS AT REDUCED PRICES. COMMENCING FEBRUARY 3rd, and ENDING MARCH 15th, 1915. RAY & StIILES7 London Road, Liverpool. Telegrams : " Furnishing, Liverpool." Telephone, 1211 Royal.

. • , _ _ --.--...., fill /i', . .i / • -- /..0":',.... .. (/- _ . If tiLtTic ~ . .:, ' • •

CLARKE'S B, 41- PILLS are warranted to cure in either sex all acquired or constitutional discharges from the. Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the beck. Free from Mercury. Established npwards of 40 years. In boxes 46. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or send for sixty stamps by the makers The Line& n and Midland Counties Dreg Ce..Lineoln.—Advt.

1 MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Still the Simplest, Best, and Most Reliable I FIRE EXTINGUISHER. ' „ I. Nothing to get out of order. „4,,...._ 2. Nothing to corrode. , --1-- -: 3. Nothing to explode. , r, 2540 out of the 4199 el fa, London Fires were extir.- •=-'- I guished in one year by tbese :wniostio rumps. , - CASTLg ' Write of f can_ 63 LONG ACRE, WC., LONDON. __ - • ^ ,f,,..,:. ~,,,,,,,,,, 4,!,..4:7„..1.,-;*,Z.:. ' VS ;;;;;A" '::: 47 gliirg. , ~.. ' ‘e• '1.4 ~,,.. is-,,,,_•,.. , •;,yrif:, i,,,r,,,,,,,y-,-.4,,,,.; L.. 4,, tr40..•„,•:,;,•,.76-',.:-;,...,..:. .r'i,i,.. ';'.74, fkt Me;;;;::.?.. ::'.,...' ": • l': :::.- .....1•.-. ::::'.1.:::::::::::.:.::'1;j..:. P Fo Et THE ::.3*.:i1gi.:.:1. ' •:•:••• ' • :•.,::•:•.::::::• FARM p .R. •-•::.:?::::::*:-,:......::',.:. and ••••-, .-.....::....A....:„.......:.;:, FARM •:.:::':U...:.:- DOMESTIC WORKER *4-':-'• SERVANT. 1 SPLENDID COUNTRY. HE \ ETHY & WEAL-THY. FERTILE SOIL. 1\ EEL WATERED. PLENTY OF WORK. GOOD WAGES. For full particulars apply to THE HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR NEW ZEALAND (Emigration Dept.), 13, Victoria St., London, S.W. •

Drinkwater, Bowland and Barnes the latter got across a perfect centre for H Bailey to score in the easiest fashion. Encouraged by this success, (be home team fousht desperately, but the Lymm defence was sound. After a capital movement in which the whole of the Lymm forwards took part, Hadden was left in posses- sion, and with a fast low oblique shot he left Hicks helpless, and added number four Final, Lymm, 4 ; Bowdon Vale, 1. MOBBERLEY v BARNTON VILLA.. At Mobberley on Saturday. Barnton Villa, 2; Mobberley, 1. LOSTOCR GRALAM v OUGHTRINGTON PARK. At Lostock on SAturday. Lostock Gralam, 3 ; Oughtrington Park, 1. LATcIIFORD v ALTRINCHAM LADS. At Latchford the home team proved by far the stronger combination, and won somewhat easily with the score : Latchford, 4 ; Altrincham Lads, 0. SECOND DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY. Goals. P. W. L. D. for agst Pts Weaver Refining Co 9... 6... 0... 3... 33... 6... 15 Stockton Heath Latchford Rees Padgate Amateurs Caeishead Wesleyan 6... 3... 1... 2... 13... 9... 8 Latchford Reserve 8... 2... 3... 3... 13... 10... 7 Latchford Britannia 5... 2... 3... 0... 8... 14... 4 Warrington L B Association WIDNES ALLIANCE LEAGUE. GREAT SANKEY V. HELSBY ST. PAUL'S. Played at Penketh Recreation on Saturday. The home side were much superior Rill had no difficulty in trouncing their opponents to the extent of nine goals to one. The scorers for the visitors were T Whitfield, (2)E Forster (2), E atrlington (2), T T Cook (2) and W Booth.

4.... ,';s. I , i, `*‘.:l 4., .• : ' SCOTT'S Emulsion builds up the weakened system, enriches the blood and .. brings renewed strength, energy and vitality. "My little girl had measles, whoopingcough and scarlet fever which left her chest weak. Now if she ‘. has a cold I fly to SCOTT'S and after a bottle or two she is quite robust again. The doctor tells me I can give her nothing better than SCOTT'S , Einulsion.”-1,4:...i.1.1,e.tt, 17, Shaftesbury Road, Bournemouth, 2411/12. , A,.i. ~- .. -... '." t4.,1v. ..f.,-1...),.01.,,,,..... ~ .7 , • <l, oi*::.t..V.' 4.1? 4, 1 -,p ....Ty ~,.• . ;-,;.i, t.. ~,. .., :...,,,,, ...I.V, ~ ~s.: -30,- ;•••,:•.• ~ • ••• 4.• ..-----,. ,i.,--' •,-• . .. - ~- .c.- •:7 .2.t., ''. , : -...,,, •• --,•5c.,•:- -', .' t • ' •-.415*,-- 0 ;-- ~,, 1 , • ii , * A -\'',,;,..1 b!...., ' ',, ;. : •71,4 it • Ir.*4-11 t„.,, : ig'.' WARNING, Imitation emulsions, sugary preparations . and ordinary oils, have not the same curative powers as. , ' ,• ..- -- -.., SCOTT'S Emulsion. For chest and throat troubles, , d for childhood ' weaknesses, for building up the system 4.1 , , 1 , el / :11, 4,t' ? refuse imitations and 4. 4 ,Art kt,,,,, tci.l,.), . , ...... A bop. he strong on SCOTT'S 4 , s . -mciaTIVIDEMO2II. ,71=1111===.3

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by A.IEVIE'S COULD NOT SLEEP WITH PAIN! -- Woodfall Hill, Downton, Salisbury. April 30th, 1911. Dear Sir,—Having used your pills for three years and reaped so much benefit from them I think it my duty to give you a testimonial. Now this last week I had rheumatic gout come in my baud and then in my foot I COULD NOT SLEEP WITH THE PAIN, and the swelling. I had no pills at the time and could not walk. I sent and got a bottle and took two in the morning and by night I WALKED TWO MILES! I always recommend your pills to others and tell them what good they do me. You may use this how you like. Yours truly, F. GOULD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe n their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles is. IW. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. IR AD -tE s G 0U P 6515 fl

r COCUIS. • •.0 i i filrbridge:s4', *# t.t.u.trt3tente( 41544°1i 7ifie# \co.) let* 4%7 , /f\ • • .# , v e 1.17 R rio ii k We% u i 0.1 k u 0 I 41 0 0 ik. . . , %lON 41 • ki" , , t'' %PA 111101111% = 4 tilialli4.ol4 4111P114 ': II .111 I ' $ 4VM4 I■lo4 ' 1104 Lung Tonic %oak we* 10094. The best known Remedy for ' •a . . imki Ia I lilla 111 I 44 1 I I I° I I I I 4 rga, COUGHS & COL:4*S i,4W. Invaluable to SPEAKERS, SINGERS and all Tlek:ok who suffer from THROAT WEAKNESS. ,tIS iv jp, CAUTION: Ask for Owbr I 1 • -\.-.•;. ~ " ;dge" and take no substitute. te • '' ' f'C's• ' i t 4, ' Pr,tar,l''''' • - • W. T. OWBRIDGE. Ltd.. • Manufacturers,Tbh, l The Laboratory, HULL 0 ~, • , ~ $-•tx .. •., \ • _ I IMO i• 1

A COMMON—SENSE RULE is to keep your digestive functions active under all circumstances. This is the key to good health. Low spirits, depression, nervous irritability and the like are fre- quently nothing but the consequences of some digestive trouble. If you are to be alert and clear-headed, your brain must receive a constant supply of pure blood. Stomach, liver and bowel ailments militate very much against that, because they give rise to impure blood and consequently impaired nutrition. Taken in accord- ance with directions, Beecham's Pills speedily eliminate impurities from the system, gently but firmly rouse the liver to proper activity, and give tone to the stomach, improving both appetite and digestion. An excellent plan IS TO TAKE a dose of this world-famous specific now and again as a safeguard. Everybody needs, and should take, a little medicine from time to time and one of the most suitable general correctives is Beecham's Pills, which are speedily remedial in their action. Remember that upon the first sign of any digestive irregularity or slug- gishness, recourse should be had to Beecham's Pills. Life's advantages can only be enjoyed to the full when the bodily functions are working smoothly and harmon- iously. Such a pleasant state of physical well-being is within the power of those who make a wise use of F 7 • • • A;;J • • e . A * • 1 't.4l%i • • • - 4t• , 4, -.1 A.• s'; I,`to 41' -Agt ttr 3 4. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/U (56 pills) & 2/9 (168 pills).

INSTANT f,I9:,I:I_,LEF RAPID CURE of GOUT !OM RHEUMATISM Ly 3E4,%rilL--7'S, PILLS. SUFFEUED 19 YEARS ! ! -- 1 4, Pool Road, Smeth wick, March 26th, 1911. Dear Si r,—l must give you praise and congratula- tion upon your wonderful remedy ; Eade's Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have SUFFERED FOR THE LAST NINE- TEEN YEARS UNTOLD PAIN and agony and have taken dozens of bottles of doctors' medicine, but NOTHING HAS GIVEN ME SO Mum RELIEF AS YOUR PILLS! I shall advise all sufferers that I know to try them; I know it will be for their own good. You may make what use you like of this letter for the truth requires no ,tudy. I remain, yours faithfully, CHAS. FLE rcAR. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor GEORGE EADE. 232, tioswell road, London. LF: UrMAPIC

BEST NifiE COAL '

L.AIDIES BLANCHARD'S PILLS Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, tee, they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate all suffering. " BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all pills for Women." Sold in boxes, by BOOTS' Branches, TAYLOR'S DRUG Co. Branches and all Chemists, or post free, same price from Leslie Martyn, Ltd. Chemists, :54, Dalston Lane, London. Free Sample and valuable Booklet, post free, Id. stamp.

; These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble • L., in forty-eight hours. Each AN-114 napsule bars nams "Midy." . . Sold tcs. all Chemists, or post D free Rs ed.. from WILCOX CO. (Dept 50) 49 HAYMARKET, LONDON

Sale by Auctiop. BY ORDER OF THE MORTGAGEES. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY M ESaStliSt.h the "BLUE JHEATBCEHLLA,N, AND NO SONS, HORSE- MARKET MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, on WEDNES- DAY, the 19th day of FEBRUARY 1913, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, subject,to the Public Sale Conditions of the Incorporated Law Society of Liverpool, and to such Special Conditions as shall be then and there produced: LOT I.—NINE LEASEHOLD DWELLING HOUSES, situate in and numbered 34, 36, 38, 40. 42, 44 and 46, WAR BURTON STREET, WARRINGTON, and 2 and 4, Siddall Stieet, Warrington, let to weekly tenants. ' Gross rentals, £7O Is. per annum. Term, 970 years from the Ist May, 1894. Annual ground rent, £l2 17s. 6d. LOT 2.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- HOUSES, situate in and numbered 20, 22 and 24 CYRIL STREET, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals £35 2s. per annum. Term, 999 years from Ist November, 1904, less the last 10 days thereof. Annual ground rent, .£3 15s. LOT 3.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- HOUSES, situate in and numbered 26, 28, and 30, CYRIL STREET, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £35 2s. per annum. Terms, 999 years from Ist November, 1904, less the last 10 days thereof. Annual ground rent, £3 15s. LOT 4.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- HOUSES, situate in and numbered 32, 34, and 36, CYRIL STREET, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £35 2s. per annum. Term, 999 years from Ist November, 1904 less the last 10 days thereof. Annual ground rent, i 3 15s. LOT 5.—A DETACHED LEASEHOLD DWELLING HOUSE with stabling and outbuildings aajoining thereto, known as " Whitecross House," No. 9, LIVERPOOL ROAD, WARRINGTON, together with three lock-up shops, No. 9a, 9b, and 9c, LIVERPOOL ROAD. Two of the shops are let to weekly tenants and one is at present vacant. Gross rental of shops let, £3l 4s. Term, 999 years from the 24th March, 1840. Nett annual ground rent, XII Os. 10d. The minerals are reserved. Vacant possession of White- cross House will be given on completion. LOT 6.—FIVE LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES situate in and numbered 2,4, 6,8, and 10, WARBUR- TON STREET, STOCKTON HEATH, in the County of Chester. Let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £97 lOs per annum. Term, 999 years from the Ist October, 1902, less the last 3 days thereof. Annual ground rent, £8 16s 4d. ' The minerals are reserved. Lor 7.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- HOUSES, situate in and numbered 12, 14 and 16 WARBURTON STREET, STOCKTON HEATH, in the County of Chester. Let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals £5B 10s per annum. Term, 999 years from the Ist October, 1902, less the last 3 days thereof. Annual ground rent, £5 Os. The minerals are reserved. LOT B.—TWO LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, situate in and numbered 36 and 38. HOOD LANE, SANKEY, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £39 per annum. LOT 9.—TWO LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, situate in and numbered 40 and 42. HOOD LANE, SANKEY, WARRINGTON, No. 40 being let upon a yearly tenancy and No. 42 upon a weekly tenancy Gross rentals, £37 lOs per annum. LOT 10.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING - HO USES, situate in and numbered 48, 50, and 52, HOOD LANE, SANKEY, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £5B 10a. per annum, together with the reversions expectant on the deter- mination of two under-leases and the receivable yearly rents of £lO 10s. and £4 10, thereby reserved. Lots 8,9, and 10 are leasehold for a term of 996 years from the 15th day of February, 1001, and Lot 8 will be sold subject to the annual ground rent of £3. Lot 9 will be sold subject to the annual ground rent of £3, and Lot 10 will be sold subject to the annual ground rent of £l9 10s., being respectively portions of the yearly rent of £25 10s, reserved by the Indenture of Underlease creating the term of 996. The title deeds of all the Lots, or abstracts or copies thereof, may lie inspected on application at the office of the Vendors' Solicitors at any time prior to the day of Sale. For further particulars as to Lot 1 apply to Mr G H Lawton, Stafford 'Chambers, 14, Brown-street, Man- chester, and as to all the Lots apply to the Auctioneers, Albany-buildings, 341, Lord-street, Southport (Tel. 83), or to the Vendors' Solicitors (Tel. 23), Messrs BUCK, COCKSHOTT, & COCKSHOTT, 26, Hoghton-street, Southport.

Qtart 1913 well. Write for "Mail Order Opportunities. ICJ by expert, 6d. Waterlows, 29, Albert st.,Bir'ham. nog Medals, stamped any aodress; brass or Nickel. Send P.O. 7d to J Yates. 40, Bolton rd., Walkden. HIGH-CLASS Gas Mantles. Send 2s. sample doz. upright or inverted.—Read's Stores, Leominster

2on VARS. Sweet Peas mixed, inclod. novelties, 6d., s. packets.RoGEßs,"Ashleigh,"Selbourn, d., Luton.

I3RASS DOU COLLAR TALLIES, with name and address complete, post free, 7d.—BAWDON, 85 King' st.. Blackburn.

KNITEEO COATS, direct 'row tile maker warranted pure wool; hand flaished.—HOPE'S HOMERNIT, Wen), Shropshire.

GRE.N FOUI) MEAL, cUrtuiploti etiocip lood 10 r Cattle, Poultry, Pigs. Sample free.-20SSLYN CO., 13, Parklands rd„ Streatham. Londrin.

Sw EET PEAS. 360 Seeds, Uitint-flowered Spencer Waved, in 12 vars., named: post free 1/2. J HALL, Tower View Nursery, Bangor, Co.. Down.

64 PA GE BOOK about HERBS and How to Use Them, free; send for one.--TRIAINELL, The Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd., Csrdiff. Established 1879

- - - - - _ COW KEEPERS.-I,olt SALE, Waste Cabbages -2- and Mangolds ; both grand quality; price: cab- bages' 10s. per ton at farm.—Apply D. LEDSON, Bonny Well Farm, Lpich. (Tel. No. 38). LIVERY BODY 'S doing it. Doing wnat ? by 12J using Gardners' Boot Preservative, it keeps out rain and snow, Write at once. Post free is. Id. of J. GARDNER, Witham, Essex.

iVit A rAG Thrashing Six-horse Machine,l' A G NG l.NbEy ler Straw Trusserh Hornsby and Sons, on Sale, in good working order.— Apply JOHN TINSLEY, RAINFORD: WELL-KNOWN Actres.ses',now retired,Face Cream Her Late Maid has large supply for disposal Unusual opportunity, 5/6 pots 2/9. 2/6 for 19. RITA CRESDEE, 37, Jamaica at., Glasgow. LARGE Stock of new and secondhand Boilers Engines, Lathes, Drills, Tanks, Pumps, Cranes, Brick Machines, Colliery and Qulrry Plant, &c. JOHN STRINGER AND SON, Dept. 10, ffincliburn.

BUY DittEur rim size Parlour 6uitas, 4 6malis, 2 easys, Couch Upholstered, Green, Red or Blue, woven velvet, 1:4 53. Covering photos free.—WARD, Coleridge st., Kensington, Liverpool.

EGGS from Exhibition BUFF ORPING tOo'S, on • • mill/lilted range ; Palace winning strain, all eggs guaranteed from winners, and possessing grand winter laying qualities, Cs per dozen; unfertiles replaced.— SMITH DUCF, Manor Fold, ClithProe.

STAMMERERS. Write MR. A. W. YAVISLEY, " Rosador," ST. ANNES-O.N. SEA. Booklet and Official Report.; of Permanent ',lures sent free.

bell, or Exchauge.-I.Utttilbs, 6 to 12. cwt, 1- £6; neat Traps, .£2 : Greengrocers' Carts, Hand Carts. 4-wheeled Vat, ; Cob, suit tradesman, SG ; Wheels, all sizes.-2, BOA RDM AN: ST., Fairfield at. London rd., Manchester.

WHITE WYANDOTI:E, winners of sitver mentils in last winter's laying competition ; Eggs for hatching ready ; day-old Chicks booked ; also a few Cockerels left ; vacancy for pupiI.—RADCLIFFE, Buck low Hill. Knutaford.

814. A. ALFIEL Y all powder remedies and try my ROUP PILLS; used by myself for years and never lost a bird since using this remedy ; id and Is id per box, post iree.—FRED BINKS, 148, liellfleld rd., Rochdale.

I_IOUSEKEEPERS—Y wiii save many sniffing's if you send 7d. P.O. for recipe for making " Teano," the new preparation which halves your tea bill by extracting full flavour and strength. Inexpen- sive. Beneficial to health.—Mrs. L. SNOWDON, New Houses, Trindale Crescent, Bishop Auckland. HAVING purchased from a hight•class Manufacturer in Northampton his Travellers' Samples at a large discount, while thk y last I will send trial pair on receipt of P.O. Gents, 103. 9d. ; Ladies', 9s. 9d. State size, and whether Box Calf or Glace Kid is preferred. Exceptional opportunity to obtain g,nnine bargains,— C. H. HALLIDAY, Boot Warehouse, Crimbles, Pudsey. SAFETY.—'lo have Baby safe at any time and in any position use have " Safety I ombination Belt. The "Conquest" is adjustablemade of superior webbing, and is used in the perambulator, cot, chair. ac., for children from 6 months to 4 years. No mother can realize the comfort, satisfaction and absolute safety of her child until she uses the " Ginquest " Belt. Price Is. Gd. and 2s. Gd. post free. Obtainable from Drapers and Stores.—CONQUEST MANUFACTURING CO., 76, Fore at., London, E.C.

V7ILLA to be LET, at Great Sankey, two entertain- ing-rooms, bath, w.c., hot and cold water, rent £24.—W FURNESS, Sankey, Warrington. mo LET, coTrAGE, Bolton-le-Sands, nominal rent I- until May Day ; also Villa Site, foreshore.— BENNETT Read, Blackburn. WAREHOUSE TO LET.-36 feet x3O feet well lit, dry, hot water heating.—Apply Ex Aidrygß " OFFICE. Warrington.

MUSIC AT HOME is best obtained by learning to play an instrument. VIOLIN OUTFIT, complete with case,bow,&c. (correct copy of an Old Master). 18/6. MANDOLIN & CASE (Genuine Italian make),l7/6. CONCERT FLUTE,Cocoa or Ebony, 8 German Silver Pillar Keys and Slide Head, 18/. PICCOLO (D, E flat or F), 6 G.S. Pillar Keys & Slide Head, 6/6. All articles sent CARRIAGE PAID MUSICAL SUPPLIES, 182,Ramsden-rd.,London, S.W

MALL DETACFIED RESIDEN GE- to let e Nantwich, Cheshire ; 3 reception, 5 bedro oms, bath gas, Garden.—J MEADOWS & SON, Market Drayton. ‘,14 HOP and DWELLING, rent reduced, suitable for tailor, milliner, dressmaker, grocer, butcher ; 55, liewsey St., Warrington.—Apply HEALEY, King St., or SKELLAND, Bewsev st. TO LET.—THE CEDARS, Tattenhall rd. Station house, three entertaining rooms, six bedrooms stabling, land ; decorated ; bath, lavatories, ..S:c.— THOS PARKER, Wyche House, Tionhury. Tarporlev.

if_INGS LEY, near Frodsham.—To be Let COUNTRY HOUSE, comprising drawing, dining, sitting, G bedrooms, bath, kitchens, stabling, shippons, coach- house, large orchard, acres Iand.—LITTLEMORE, The Cross, Kingsley. _

ViTANTED SECOND LAUNDRESS ; strong,experi- V enced ; state wages, religion.-63, BiDsToN RD., Birkenhead. VITANTED CHEMICAL PLUMBERS, good wages V to steady men.—Apply box No. 4-1 ‘Varrington "Examiner.'

9, PALMYRA SQUARE, rent £34 year. 143, KNUTSFORD ROAD, good Shop and Dwelling house, rent £l6 year. PENKETFI, Good Cottage, 2s. 9d. week. AARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Office, most central position in town; good light ; £l6. 4pply ROBERT Low. Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55.

DALE Green Bottle Collet, sheet and Plate Wanted A—EXCELSIOR GLASS WORKS, Withington St. Pendleton, Alanchester.

A GENTS, and PEOPLE with Spare Time, to sel cycles, monthly payments ; liberal commissioni —BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., Berry et.. Liverpool. DOCTORS Bottles second-hand wented in large or small quantities, best prices given.—F. A. Archer, 10, Claremont st.. Upper Edmonton.

HOUSE FOR SALE.—No. 77, MARKET ST., Earles town. S rooms, lobbied through ; bath, h. and c. water ; eood cellars.—Apply at the house.

ANTED, two GIRLS about 15 as apprentices, V every opportunity to learn in old established business, good home.-15, BRADSHAWG ATE, Bolton.

ASEITON-UPON-ME RSEY. —Equities of S,O and .f.,625 for sale, in new Cottage Property— Petrticultirs supplied on application to W BROOMHALL, 32, Palm-street, Longsight, Manchester.

WANTED HORSES for killing purposes abroad, from .C 2 to .Cl 2 given; no connections with any others. CHAS. RF.NISHAW, Ram Hotel Stables, 359, Oldham rd, Manchester. Telephone 2617, Central. ,_ WEEKLY.—PERSONS Wanted immediatel / for circular addressing (work at home).— Write enclosing stamped enveIope.—WATERMAN CO. 16, Great James st , London.

/fIOLESbINS Wanted, any um:ol*r, 6s. a doz. paid IVI for best skins ; also Catskins, Foxskins, Pheasant Tail Feathers, satisfaction to Trippers ; send parcel now. —HENRY & E4'RAKKLYN, 17,POwnaii rd, Dalston,London

YOU ill of 17 to 18 years of age wanted for Junior Clerk's position in local manufacturer's office; one with some experience of office routine preferred.— Apply Box No. 5, "Examiner" Office, Warrington, stating age, experience and salary required.

IVANTED, 50 MEN for farm work in Canada (must pay own fare), work guaranteed—previous experience not essential ; weekly conducted parties. Salvation Army has unequalled organisation.—Write or call, Head Office address, CoMMISsIONEEL LAMB, 122, Queen Victoria et., London,E.C., or Branch Office,l7oa, London rd., Liverpool, and 100, Deanseate, Manchester.

FOR SALE CASH DRUG SLIMES low rent; main road ; cheap; good reason for selling; 37, BOLTON RD, Bury. LL —PERSONS HAVING BOSINESSEs TO SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDELL, 20, Museum at., Warrington. IPRUIT and Flower Growing Business for sale Guernsey. Weekly turnover £l4O ; paying 20 per emit. Present occupier 10 years ; failing health.— GOMERSALL'S AGENCY, Black pool. t4UTCHER'S BUSINESS ON SALE.—Suburb, o estate of several thousand houses; cash trade the only butcher's; no other to be made.—Apply personally, 137, MATTHEWS LANN Levenshulme, Mrmchester.

WHY Remain a Sufferer? LINDON'S REMARK- ABLE OFFER TO ALL RHEUMATIC SUFFERERS. Since Mr. Lindon has decided to put his rheumatic cure on the market, he has been inundated with applications for his remedy and is now forwirding a three weeks supply for the nominal charge of two shillings. If you have tried other remedies and have obtained no relief do not despair, but send at once to 1. LINDON, 22, Coronation Cresent, Dukinfield, Cheshire

rim) SMALL ENVESTORS.-20 PER CENT. per IL annum GUARANTEED INTEREST paid on Deposits of not less than £10; Capital may be with- drawn on short notice. Address C. GIBSON, The Sectary (for England), The Lucerne Finance and Banking Corporation, Oventrand, Cromer.

ITF YOU ARE IN NEED of a Private Advance from £2 upwards.—Apply at once for terms, B. JACKSON, 50, Hyde rd., Ardwick, Manchester.

04:3 TO I:15000o This a the only office where Private Loans are granted to all persons in need, without publicity, or Moneylender's routine. If you require a Private Loan and honourably intend to repay, then waste no time on tempting adverts, but apply direct to ED. LIPMAN It is admitted by hundreds of clients that my business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually sgreed upon. Weekly. Loan £5 „ £lO ~ £25 „ £SO , £IOO INTEREST FROM 2/- IN THE £. NO CONNECTION WITH ANY OTHER OFFICE. C. COTTERILL (Manageress), 21, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON

ZSTO £5,000 LENT DAILY ON THESE TERMS for agreed period : £5 loan, Repay £5 10s. I £25 loan, Repay £27 108. £lO „ „ £ll I £3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £l6 108. I £5O „ £55 1;20 „ £22 I £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTHWICH.

rrtHE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRlNGTON.—Kindergarten and Prepara tory School for Boys.—Principal, MISS DRING L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff includes B.A. and L.R.A.M. Next Term commences Tuesday, January, 21st, 1913. BRIDLIN GTON COLLEGE YORKSHIRE. A -LP small, select, and comfortable BOARDING SCHOOL for BOYS. Small classes. Individual atten- tion. Backward boys carefully taught. Excellent examination and health record. Every Silo afternoon devoted to outdoor games. Illustrated Prospectus on application. ST OCKT 0 N LODGE HIGH SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. Prospectus, references, and views on application. to MISS PARTINGTON. Principal.

-- -- Horses, Carriao'es, ive Stock, &c ON SALE PEKINGESE PUPPIES, male and female, 6 months old; pedigree; price moderate. —Apply MELCHIOR, Lynton Lodge, Hoolo, Chester. LAYING PULLETS for sale.—Orpingtons and Leghorns, ss. each, Barron's strain ; also Lea's "Triumph" Incubator, 80 egg, only used three times, equal to new, £3 10s.—Mrs HIMME, Liverpool rd., Ainsriale.

F° SALE, 2 Smart RALLI CARS. 2 Governess Cars with rubber tyres, lamps, &0., complete, Victoria, 3 Garden Seated Buses,2 Family Buses to carry 21 and 14 passengers ; all the vehicles are in first class condition.—EDWAßD CONNOR, Sankey at., Warrington.

_ON DON .—Norfolk Hall Hotel, 187. Euston rd., close Euston, King's Cross, St. Pancras Railway Stations Bed, attendance, breakfast, 3s. 6d. and 4s. 6d. ; highly recommended.—A. C. YOUNG, Proprietor. Telegraphic address " Rodneydom, London."

LONDON.-WILD'S HOTEL. FIRST-CLASS TEMPERANCE. 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. E.C. Central for Business and Pleasure. Electric Lift. HOME COMFORTS, CLE INLINESS, AND Q UIET

DYSERTH, . WALES, Health Resort, Sonny, sheltered, mountain, and sea sir ; hoard-residenCe 17s. 6d. weekIy.—WILKINSON, Chultnleigh

COLWYN BA Y.—APARTMENTS or Board Residence near golf links. sea and cars ; winter terms on application.—Mrs WALMSLEY, Clairville, Woodland rd

LONDON Visitors.—Bed and Breakfast from 2s. 6d- single, 35. Oct. double ; board optional ; comfort- able.—GOßTNEß, Handel House, 18, Handel at., Bruns wick square, London, W.C.

Our Season's Articles on PRACTICAL i'OULTRY .FARMING By "REDCAP" will re-commence in THE " EXAMINER - on SATURDAY, FEBRUARY Bth.

it, t ni/ 4, • :?. 'A pi' •r: , t roe- ,' , joiv•' ' , g JUST A MINUTE. I N tone, in construction, 1 in elegance of finish there is no instrument that excels the BROADWOOD. It is built to last a lifetime. Its tonal qualities are ex- quisite and permanent. We sell it on the easy payment plan of £1 down, and £1 a ' month until paid for. We warrant it for 20 years. It is the choice of the best musicians and used at the Royal Academy, London. C a He & Ili Dawson 59, Sankey St., Warrington. Telephone 337 x.

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT, FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 99 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 14s. Prices Q or;31 or Fixing. Illustrated List on Application.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES Cz. SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. It,STABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. PRICM COLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAWS

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GUOD TEA. PRICE 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER rcaNs. The Cheques given with the Tea may he exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT: and 151, Friargate, Preston.

% , ' „

.•• - , • II -, , ~. J Ll 5 •:)1.1'.1.$ •'' ' 1 • 13 1. ~'''' ' • ;,,11,,;-14,':',',::','?-''''-,:ru4,4,' '' ;44' ''.',,,...,: ;...'.A.,: ',.„,,,q.-1:4;,-,t , , ~ , , . • , re. ~,,,...-, ~,,.,,, t A ... v.i, ~,4,..„. foo, v :2, ',.:',':,,,,-.,,t;:,,,,,,,t,,,:,,,,,,, •.', , , • 1 I j ' ~ ' I:: ',A:Ak.,';',7".,:.,),:i:',7•4,411'!".1'.` Vk AIR. G A R IHE An Appctising Dainty containing Pure Butter and Nuts churned from Frcsh Milk. _ Happy are the housewife's days when she 1 uses " Ruby" Ilargarine: and the children 4 " arc happy too—they like the delicious taste. ..,....' i ~..r.-.1,,...-.,-,......., -., .„....... , , ~..,,....„., , ... ~..,.. -,.. . ~. , .•,:r.;..i.,.:., . ‘?..=...

NEW FTSYEAR RICHARD 9 EFFREYS NEW YEAR GI. GIFTS. 83, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding Nnd Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Bcc. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

The Phologrephic Studio (Next to Atkinson's Cafe) 79, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. AMES P iNStN Begs to intimate to customers and friends that he has removed to the above com- modious premises which have been fitted up in the most up-to-date manner for Day and Electric Light Photography. ALL CLASSES of PHOTOGRAPHY AT MOST MODERATE PRICES.

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, & OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET. WARRINGTON

R. 13.,0W50N AND SONS, FRIARS GATE, WARRINGTON. WINE, SPIRIT, ALE AND PORTER MERCHANTS, MINERAL WATERS, CIGARS, k CIGARETTES, &c., &c. Delivery freo by own Carts, or Carriage Paid to all parts. TEL. 137. TELEGRAMS, " Rowson, Warrington.

Our Annual Discount Sale Today the Last in which you can obtain the discount of 3/- in the The fact that this month has been a record of repeat orders from patrons at previous years sales proves the genuineness of this yearly concession. If you have not yet ordered, we will oblige you right up to the time of closing. No discount allowance after to-day. BOYDELL BROTHERS, TAILORS, 43, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

Ca JACKSON HOLMES, QUEEN'S CHAMBERS, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED INSURANCE BROKER IN THIS IMMEDIATE DISTRICT. All inquiries personally attended to. In these bustling days when the risk of accident to life and property is ten times greater than it was a decade or two ago, the wise and prudent take the precaution to secure themselves against financial loss by Insurance.

HERBERT JOHNSON, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. Sales by Auction of Freehold and Leasehold Properties, Building Land. Ground Rents, Farming and Trade Stocks, household Furniture, Stocks, Shares and Debentures. Valuations for Sale, Probate and Mortgage, on easonable terms.

L ATCHFORD STEAM LAUNDRY. GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRY WORK IN ALL THE BEST AND CHEAPEST BRANCHES. EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. • DYEING AND DRY CLEANING. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. SD. EACH. CARPETS CLEANED BY VACUUM PROCESS. WHOLICSALEI BY SEND POSTCARDAND VAN WILL CALL. J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON

WINTER STOCKTAKING SALE THIS DAY AND UNTIL SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15th. THE RIGHT TIME TO BUY FURNISHiNG GOODS. GENUINE REDUCTIONS FOR CASH or on EASY TERMS. pl N Carpets Made and Laid Free. E Linoleums Laid Free. Casement Materials 1/- and up- FURNISHING STORES. wards Made up Free. BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. Roller Blinds Made Free. Large and beautiful stock to select from. Special Extra Discount off Linens.

Your SUCCESS as a student, brain worker, business man, or tradesman, is largely dependent on good eye-sight. If you suffer from weak sight or headache, especially if so in the evenings, consult at once R. JACKSON MOSS, 111.13.0. A., Qualified Ophthalmic Optician 25, London Rd., STOCKTON HEATH

OW TO FIND wiLKE : , I r-Pi I c) , , , ---, SiltilrEY STREET .! ' ',._.1 ,' Z' _ .‹ PieraREDRONE i w ' . ' o . 44-. . I, +—Pas,- orrice ‘ ~._ i 3 AN I L ,::,A.,, ..:,,,,,,:,.., .. . PIANOS for TONE., TI-IIE PIANOS THAT SING! LEGH STREET piano and Music Warehouse.

CANADA. SECURE YOUR BERTHS AT ONCE FOR B. CUNNINGHAM, S. Steamers are filling up SPRING SAlLlNGrapidly. £.5 deposit First Class, ..-C2 Second Class and RI BREWER, Third Class, will reserve berths, the balance to be paid WARRINGTON. any time before sailing day. L,, . ROWN ALE Full particulars and through fares to all pa rts o OATMFAL STOUT, Canada and United States can be obtained from ExTRA STOUT LEONARD BENNETT. 4, KING-STREET, WARRINGTON. ____

HODGKINSONS CLEARANCE SALE OF HIGH-CLASS DRAPERY AND FURNISHING GOODS IS NOW PROCEEDING. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

cti r VI `4, • . # THE SPOT SHOP .•, _ 4. , , t .1-( t.:t, TO q ' ti. '-',. % a A . _t,, • - 1;' . (FISH MARKET.) VOIR MITE YZ-iPri-II 144 Gr. ,

111IRELIGHTERS ! FITIELIGHTERS! ! THE "MASTER" FIRELIGHTER, QUICKEST AND BEST. AN EXCELLENT DISINFECTANT. MANUFACTURED SOLELY BY THE " MASTER " FIRELIGHTER CO., OFF ORFORD AVENUE, WARRINGTON. VAN DELIVERIES DAILY.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHOLRODYNE. The old and tried remedy that sto the test of two generations. 1)R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can Le had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME: is. lid.. 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d, the prices DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODY NE.

The Co-operative Suciety. DRAPERY DEPARTMENT. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, are3now showing exceptional value in Ladies' Raincoats, 21/6 and 30/- These two spec;als cannot be beaten at the price. • Children's Raincoats at moderate prices.

The LondooCfl and LIMITED. ESTABLISHED 183 G. Subscribed Capital, £19,148,340 0 0 Paid-up Capital, £3,989,237 10 0 Reserve Fund, £3,390,313 15 0. DIRECTORS. SIR EDWARD H. HOLDEN, Bart., Chairman and Managing Director. WILLIAM GRAHAM BRADSHAW, Esq., Loudon, Deputy-Chairman. I'he Right Hon. Lord Airedale, Leeds. David Davies, Esq., M.P.,!Llandinam. Frank Dudley Docker, Esq., c. 8., Arthur T. Keen Esq., Birmingham. Percy Elly Bates, Bart., Liverpool. The Right Hon. Lord London. Oben Clover Beazlev Esq , Liverpool. Birmingham. The Right Hon. Lord Rotherham, Sir Williain Benjanii'n BOwring, Hart., Frederick Hynde Fox, Esq., Liverpool. Manchester. Liverpool. 11. Simpson Gee, Esq., Leicester. Thomas Boyden, Esq., Liverpool. u°l3n Alexander Christie, Esq., London. John Howard Gwyther, Esq., London. %%Imam Fitzthomas Wyley,Esq.,Coventry HEAD OFFICE: 5, THREADNEEDLE STREET, LONDON. E.C. Joint General Managers: J. M. MADDERS, S. 13. MURRAY, F. HYDE. secretary: E. J. MORRIS' LIABILITIES AND ASSETS, 31st December, 1912.

s. d. T Capital Paid up, viz.: £l2 10s. Od. per Share on 319,139 Shares of a 0 each 3,989,237 10 0 Reserve Fund ,5 Dividend payable on Ist Pebruary, 1913 359,031 7 6 Balance of Profit & Loss Account 132,992 18 8 7,871,575 11 2 • Current, Deposit and Other Accounts • -A.cceptances on account Of Customers 6,741,031 14 5 £98,276,934 4 10 •

-- By Cash and Bullion • in X. s. d. hand and Cash at Bank of England „ Money at Call and at Short Notice 24,289,778 14 7 „ Investments: Consols and other British Government Securities... 3,405,300 5 8 „ Stocks Guaranteed by British Government, Indian and British Rail- way Debenture and Pre- ference Stocks, British Corporation Stocks, Colonial and Foreign Government Stocks etc , 4,883,911 0 3 , „ Bills of Exchange 43,039,523 16 11 „ Advances on Current Accounts, Loans on Security and other Accounts „ Liabilities of Customers for Acceptances as per contra „ Bank Premises at Head \ Office and Branches £9B,- 276,934 4 10

CURRENT ACCOUNTS OPENED. DIVIDENDS AND COUPONS COLLECTED. DEPOSITS RECEIVED AT INTEREST. SECURITIES HELD FOR SAFE CUSTODY. EMUS UNTED. LOANS MADE AGAINST SECURITIES. DRAFTS ISSUED. ST"IC- EXCHANGE ORDERS EXECUTED. LETTERS OF CREDIT ISSUED. • 764 BRANCHES THROUGHOUT ENGLAND AND WALES. • Numerous Agents all over the World.

ii\i'.i(lri7'w‘°'l'MS.

Furniture Carpets Decorations a r ttS Established lianufacturers whin George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

LOCAL PARS.

r PANCAKES! The best recipe is as follows— Take half-a-pound of flour, one teaspoonful of BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER and a little salt, mix well in a dry state, add one egg and three-quarters of a pint of milk. Fry quickly over a brisk fire and serve immediately. Remember PANCAKE-DAY, Tue., Feb. 4.

pOini S ZiziA 15?), 1 warits Domestic Servants! GOOD PAY FOR GOOD WORK IN A LAND OF SUNSHINE AND PROSPERITY. To approved Ferr4e Domestic 1 Servants Reduced Passages are granted from £3. Farfitrtiter parradars and illustrated pamphlets apply in London to— The Agent-General for New South Wales, 123 and t 25, Cannou Street, E.C. The Agent-General for Victoria, Melbourne Place, Strand, W.C. The Agent-General for Queensland, 409, Strand, W.C. The Agent-General I for South Australia. 85. Gracechurch Street, E.C. The Agent-General for Western Australia, zs,Victoria Street, 3.11'T. The Agent-General for Tasmania, 56, Victoria i Street, S.W. THE HIGH COMMISSIONER for 4 1447: AUSTRALIA, '-'114;ii.4.40 72, Victoria Street, London, S.W. A 1

Take Care of Your Skin and Complexion During the Winter. ,BEEDIAM'S This Dainty Toilet Preparation protects the skin against the effects of Frost, Cold Winds, and Hard Water, and prevents Roughness, Redness, Irritation, Chu's, etc. WILL KEEP THE SKIN IN A PERFECT CONDITION ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Renders the skin Soft and White, and adds a charm of youth to the complexion. Bottles ls., 2s. 6d.. of all Chemists and Stores. M. BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenham.

• 1:, '•.•`,"."4: -14:5;.i,f..,-..,... •,I:%.l*.i'''''''' . , , .'..,',W,',1',.:-. , : ~ ‘,..,: •v5.,...1::ii.,:e.4 , .. • ~ . ' ',..,,i:fi,.•, '''''',l.>. .. •', a .'. '''' ~....':. At C ' "t:::::,,,r,,,,,44jT...0",,&`• '„,,,,41...:....::, ":. ....,...1.i.',..,4‘11i;....,:::.;ii,.., ;'. , ' 36,:ik:.••:S' * .:: 'llil 4 . .. '' . '• . ':'.;. % ... •.,.. . ~f. • , .' ~.....:I: . . .. .{. s mAt LEY. '''....tlE 11-k k‘

MYSTERY PLAY NOT TO BE ACTED IN CHURCH. Almost at the last moment the Bishop of London has intervened and prohibited the performance of a Mystery Play in the Church of St. Silas-the-Martyr, Kentish Town. The Bishop considers it to be undesirable that plays should be acted in church.

BURGLARS UP A TREE. Awakened at 4 o'clock on Thursday morning by a barking dog, Mr James Gibb, of 290, Finchley-road London, came down to find his dining-room ransacked and a window open. Silver articles were scattered about the floor and others, to the value of £2OO, bad been stolen. He sent for the police and got his son to drive his motor-car quickly round and round the block in which the house was situated. The block was sur- rounded in the fog by police, and eventually two young men named Jones and Harrison were found up a tree in one of the gardens. In their possession, it was stated, was a large part of the stolen articles and an unloaded revolver.

The pure herbal extracts from which • Zam-Buk is made are so refined, and so perfectly blended one with another, that a HEALING balm of unprecedented power is the result. The extensive scale on which Zam-Buk is made ensures the constant reliability, the unvarying efficiency, and Permanent keeping qualities of this • unique S nit ; • G preparation. When Zam-Buk is applied to a cut, bruise, or sore of any sort, all pain is promptly stopped, and the balm's peculiar NTIS PTIG, • power steps in to prevent blood-poison or any of the other complications which are common after-effects of "simple . injuries." Zam-Buk is thus entirely different from mere ointments. It is the scientific healer. COMTAINS , ..) R.NIMAL OlLon r KO. ANY PIIMERAL, nf-'41(3 ••• • • • • s , /7- IN • - CAI A• 47 . cui.v • I. tt A "11.=CS • 00,„H;.°1,14s iiUttni`•' ' • • so., HEADS A. BACKS • CHA,PtIa tIANDS • „:„....11, socisirsAltz.cENEtrazzy •••,,146, 'Aga_ • Lçs J .0360 04:12 45 • • ' ! ! „ Sold by Chemists in Sealed Packages only. ' ROuse BTorthless Substitutes & Imitations.

:•. ' . •• ••••••••.• = rrell

Instructions from 0.0 . . ITS " SUITS PP LTD. _ •• Headquarters are THAT ALL SUITINCS TO MEASURE FROM MUST BE CLEARED TO 12/11 MAKE ROOM FOR 1913 HEAVY PURCHASES OF NEW SPRING CCODS. OrderF have been received from Headquarters Reduced Our Present Suitings, all fine, first-class to SELL OUT QUICKLY all present Suit- goods, to 12/11 the Suit Upwards, Made to jugs to make room for Spring goods: IF Measure. All TROUSERS from 4/9 per pair. NECESSARY. BELOW COST PRICE. The We GUAR ANTEE YOU A PERFECT FIT AND Rule of "SUITS "LTD., is New Goods Each I ABSOLUTE SATI SF ACTION OR MONEY Season, and our purchases for 191:3 are very heavy. It is necessary for us to effect a speedy RETURNED WILLINGLY. clearance, and in order to do this we have "SUITS" Ltd. TAILORING is FAMOUS in WARRINGTON. For the most stylish and perfect fitting garments , to have a SUIT made by us at this very low price expert tailoring can produce. Our " Cut " is; of 12/11. We will do our utmost to please, noted and the materials offered you are the very satisfy and make you a permanent customer (if finest that British Woollen Mills can make. A , you are not already one). A small deposit is all very large range of different designs is at your , we require when you order, the balance being disposal, and must be sold at once. Will you ! payable when it is convenient for you to fetch call and inspect them 2 " SUITS " LTD. the garment. Will you call to-night and let us tailoring enjoys the conildence of the best dressed ; demonstrate what we can do for you 2 Please men in Warrington. Now is YOUR opportunity note carefully our address. " • 3 JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HOFISEMAFIKET STREET, WARRINGTON •

V. .. . „. ~ 111'. 011 'P• '' .1 Z‘' 9t f 0 0 0 y”44 A .., "A. I ag, .7% ',, .i....;• :, i,

...i.e:l I .4.7i6 of our ---=-otour4agialolig6uinea::. .4.4m...11 --7----=----:-- ..--;--- _ -_ -a. , . 1 --)---- N V 41"f'.- 0 t- limir.4 JIM 41M /I sibz-41; 11.10.,;.. ,110 . 'llt. 0.3`,41t I „Lai, 40,..., . ~,,,;. ," 1! This is our "Ashdown" Dining-room Suite in Best English Leather Cloth ; couch, 2 easy and 4 small chairs ; well made and polished £7 17s. 6d. We have hundred: of Suites in stoic at prices to suit all pockets, act in .cods and eJvers to suit all tastes. Discount for Cash or Easy Payments Arranged. WRITE FOR CATALOGUE. , i,4 t 4, 73 FE3rnishing 1 Company i (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), '. Pembroke Place, Liverpool . Business hours:-9 to S daily.
