===== 0002601_19130208_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL:— £ s. d. 40,000 Shares of £75 each, £lO 10s. paid 215,000 Shares of £6O each, £l2 paid 2,580,000 0 0

£ a. d.

Cash at Bank of England, and at Head OC9ce and Branches Money at Call and Short notice...

000,000 0 0 RESERVE FUND 9,1L0,000 0 0

17,279,976 8 6 INVESTMENTS:— g s. d. English Government Securities (Of which £115,500 is lodged for pub- lic accounts) Indian and Colonial Government Se- curities : Deben- ture, Guaranteed, and Preference 6,185,579 18 0 Stocks of British , Railways; British Corporation. and Water Woiks Stocks Canal, Dock, River) Conservancy, and 11,173,798 11 10 other Invest- f ments

5,150,000 0' 0 CURRENT,DEPOSIT,and other ACCOUNTS, including rebate on Bills not due, provision for bad and doubtful debts, contingen.cies,&o 65,660,219 11 11 ACCEPTANCES and ENDORSEMENTS of FOREIGN BILLS, on Account of Customers, 1,059,732 0 2 PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT:— Balance of Profit and Loss Account including £91,681 12/7 brought from rear 1911 .0830,810 18 10 Lesslnterim Dividend, 9 per cent. subject to deduction of Income • Tax (£15,750) paid in Aug. last £270,000 0 0

-14,739,164 3 2 BILLS DISCOUNTED, LOANS &C 38,166,831 16 11 LIABILITY Of CUSTOMERS LOANS, ACCEPT-

ANCES, &C., as per Contra BANK PREMISES in London and Country 716,058 2 2

DiVidend " of 9 per cent. sub- ject to de- cni3tion of Income Tax (.215,750) payable sth Feb next Applied to writing down In- vestments 199,000 0 0 739,000

Balance carried torward to 1913 ....

91,810 18 10

£71,961,762 10 11

£71,961,762 10 11

M. 0. FITZGERALD.

1 joint General Managers..

eaNtv.ho may have money G. F. MALCOLMSON, i• ti oi 1 1 ii ta rsm customers, Barclay ROBERT WIGRAM, 3 As certified oy the Auditors, The National Provincial Bank of England, Li, :ranches in England and Wales, as well as Agents and Correspondents at home and abroad, - transmitted to the credit of their Accounts through any of tkii Branches, free of charge. At Head Office and Branches, DEPOSITS are received, CURRENT ACCOUNTS opened, and all other Banking business transacted. Copies of the Annual Report of the Bank, Lists of Branches, Agents, and Correspondents, may be had on application to the Head Office, and at any of the Bank's Branches. BRANCX AT WARRINGTON: BRIDGE BEET.

THOMAS ESTALL, • Directors. D J. H. CUNNICK, FREDERICK ELEY, •s, Edwin Waterhouse and W, -,imited, having numerous /3T affords. great facilities _ _

===== 0002601_19130208_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
O. H. & J. Dawson

59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

Telephone 337 x.

HERBERT JOHNSON,

AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON.

Sales by Auction of Freehold and Leasehold Properties, Building Land. Ground Rents, Farming and Trade Stocks, Household Furniture, Stooks, Shares and Debentures.

- - - Valuations for Sale, Probate and Mortgage, on easonablo termq.

EYE-SIGHT IS YOUR

113. JACKSON 'MOSS, D.8.0.A.,

LATCHFORD STEAM LAUNDRY. FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRY WORK IN ALL

BRANCHES.

DYEING AND DRY CLEANING. CARPETS CLEANED BY VACUUM PROCESS. SEND POSTCARDAND VAN WILLCALL.

Co Fe 17' IT rt---7,": 7;1 INT

R. ROWSON AND SONS, FRIARS GATE, WARRINGTON. WINE, SPIRIT, ALE AND PORTER MERCHANTS, MINERAL WATERS, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, &c., &c. Delivery free by own Carts, or Carriage Paid to all parts. TEL. 137. TELEGRAMS, " Rowson, Warrington.

Qualified Ophthalmic Optician 25, London ad., STOCKTON HEAT

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST

EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND IS. SD. EACH.

WHOLICSALB BY J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON

GO slt • f : THE SPOT SHOP TO ki A (FISH MARKET.)

MOST VALUABLE FACULTY.

Your SUCCESS as a student, brain worker, business man, or tradesman, is largely dependent on good eye-sight. If you suffer from weak sight or headache, especially if so in the evenings, consult at once

II

I t , ,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
,„,

2 McDOUCALL'S PATENT SELF RAISING FLOUR "VE'STEO;ir.i:HE

Old labar CHIC ALA A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS

AGENTS:

CARTER & SON, BRIDGE ST. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL POULTRY

FARMING.

[BY REDCAP.]

FOREWORD.

Seven months have elapsed since we talked poultry matters. And in the poultry world much of special interest has happened. Counting from July last the gteat events of the season have come and gone. Altrincham, Hayward's Heath, the London Dairy, Crystal Palace and Birmingham Shows have all been held. These great exhibitions are always of special interest to lovers of poultry. For it is in such places; that we become acquainted with all that is new and up-to-date in poultry matters. It is here also that the product of the fancier's ingenuity and breeding skill is tested, the value of the many and different varieties of poultry is ascertained, for according to a breed's popularity in the show pen, so also is its popularity determined in the general field of the poultry industry. Therefore, inasmuch as it is always wise to take up popular breeds, the time will not Le lost if we

===== 0002601_19130208_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
REVIEW THE OPERATIONS OF 1012.

Let us see how the different breeds and varieties have fared during the past year. This will perhaps guide those about to commence in the industry of poultry farming. A very pleasing feature and one that as often been advocated by the writer, is the revival of some of the older breeds cf poultry. The old English Dorking has been very much to the front of late, Andalusians are now able to 'crow' a little louder, Brahmas and Cochins have been in extra demand; Scotch Greys and Scotch Dumpies have revived, Redcaps have made god pi ices, and last but not least is the overseas demand for specimens of the good old Spanish. These are all healthy signs. Foreign demand is a sure sign in the revival of any breed. When one hears of inquiries from abroad, it usually follows that a greater interest in home production is enlivened.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWER VARIETIES.

And what of the newer larieties Well! These also have more than held their own. Orpingtons are as popular as ever: perhaps the balance of popularity has been on the side of Whites. Wyandottes as a breed, including all varieties, are, I think, bred in larger numbers than most other breeds of poultry. I doubt if the Plymouth Rock will ever Ns aue, they have been in the forefront now for very many years and the past season has been no expection, inasmuch as the highest trophy at the Crystal Palace was awarded to a Barred Rock hen. Buff Rocks are also on the increase, have never had a better year; and j.alous of their, ' brethren ' the Blues are making a bid for popularity. Houdhans, Langshans, Leghorns,Faverolles, Minorca, Campines, Rhode Island Reds, and old English game have all experienced a fair share of the success of the past season. To those who are about to make a start I may say that, they cannot get far wrong in selecting any or all of the breeds aforementioned. For well bred stock there is a ready demand both at home and abroad.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE COMING SEASON.

And what of the future? The success of my readers and the success of our poultry column, depends absolutely on what use we make of each other. Readers seem to forget that this column is absolutely and specially set aside for those interested in poultry. Therefore, why not make more of the advantage offered you? Penny stamps ale still the same price, and this, after all, is the total cost to you. Send along your queries; send along your suggestions for all will be freely and fairly considered. Last year, you will remember, I gave an illustration of a different breed each week accompanied by a description if each illustration. I do not propose a renewal of this idea unless otherwise desired by my readers. However, if any of you think that it would be helpful I will certainly accede to your request. I should be glad to have your views in this matter as early in the season as possible. PRACTICAL ADVICE GRATIS.

As far as lies in my power, and when convenient, I will render to you personal practical advice. Already one of my readers has asked me to pay him a vist with a view to the laying out of a small poultry farm. I have willingly consented to do so and when in posses- sion of my observatioas from the visit I will give you the benefit thereof. Thus I may he able to "kill two birds with one stone" In this manner we shall undoubtedly prove our mutual interests. Now please do make some use of the poultry column. Send your queries written in ink and use only one side of the paper and address them to "Redcap," c/o "The Warrington Ex aminer." Let all correspondence reach me not later than Tuesday morning of each week.

Eggs, Poultry, etc.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FEBRUARY.

Keen froFts are still probable, cold winds continue to blow, the ground is very fat with moisture, and to say the least it is not much like chicken-rearing weather. Nevertheless, it is high time to make a start. Granted that you are about to put down a few eggs, three weeks must elapse before the chicks arrive and during that period the weather might be much more favourable. Those who want a winter egg- producing stock must not lose much time in putting down a few eggs from the heavy breeds. If you have not already mated up the pens I would advise you to do so without delay. MATING THE PENS.

My remarks on this subject at this season of the year must apply only to the heavy breeds. You will be quite early enough with the lighter breeds three weeks hence. In mating up then, I would not advise the use of more than three or four females to one male per pen. Eggs are not so easily fertilized early in the season. It is therefore useless to pen together in larger numbers. The selection of the male bird is very important. He must be vigorous and fully developed. Never use a male bird less than 12 months old, and if mated to pullets of last year a second year cock is an essential to various progeny. FEEDING THE BREEDING STOCK.

Special care should be used in feeding the breeding stock. In your anxiety for a large egg supply avoid forcing condiments such as pepper, cayenne and all

CARTER & MN

lERS-8i1;72E

ALL KINDS Or I,*l ALL KINDS OF MEAL ARTER &SON GRAIN

===== 0002601_19130208_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKINGMEN AND THE INFIRMARY.

INSURANCE ACT AND WEEKLY CONTRIBUTIONB.

A meeting of the employes of Messrs W D Houghton and Sons, Sankey Bridges, was held at noon on Thurs- day, to consider the question of a systematic contribir• tion to the Infirmary from each employe of the firm. Addresses were delivered on the work of the Institution t,y, Mr Roger C Parr (hon treasurer), Alderman Burton (chairman of the Workingmen's Infirmary Committee), and Mr .1 H 3 Hampson (the secretary). Alderman Burton said they were at the present time passing through a very trying period financially. He was pleased to say, however, that the good work wee still being continued and was on the increase, but he regretted the subscriptions were declining. That was a serious state of affairs and if they were to regal d it from a business point of view, they would see it could only end in liquidation or the Bankruptcy Court. That, however, could not be so with the Infirmary as they had their endowments but it would lead to an unfortunate state of things as the Board of Management would have to narrow down its usefulness in order to meet the reducea income. He was sure they would all be sorry to see such a thing occur and the Board of Management would like to see the employees of the various works in the town adopt a system of weekly subscriptions, no matter how small the amonnt each workman paid. At Monks Hall and Co., they discussed the matter with the men who one and all agreed to a small Bum being deducted from their wages each week. That was kept on at the present day and a good amount was handed to the Infirmary. Some months ago they heard the police force was contributing scarcely any- thing to the Infirmary. The Chief Constable called the men together and they all agreed to pay a weekly sum to the Institution. They would never miss a small sum weekly and they would be helping to benefit a noble institution.

Mr Hampson said the meeting had been called at the request of one of their representatives on the Working- men's Committee. The Infirmary was managed on business lines by the Board of Management which con- sisted of business men, representatives of the Working- men's Committee and ministers of all denominations who worked together for the benefit of the sick and suffering, it was non-political and undenominational. , In 1911 they treated 938 in-patients who were nursed, fed and had the attendance of the, medical staff. They also treated 1,163 home patients 4,371 out patients and 5,507 accidents, and 544 opera- tions were performed. The expenditure was £4,916 and the income about £1,418. Although they were about £560 short, not a single patient was stinted in anything. Insured persons would want attendance for accidents and operations as before, and their wives and children would also need treatment. Only a small pro- portion of patients treated last year would be insured persons. Ile hoped they would consider the remarks of Alderman Burton who had worked for the Infirmary for thirty years. and decide to pay a small sum each week. All over the town employers had decided to go on as before, and in some cases had increased their subscrip- tions, but in no single instance had they decided to dis- continue owing to the Insurance Act, Two splendid meetings had been held at the works of Messrs Richmond, at which Mr Ransome had given very material help to the Infirmary by his support. Mr Roger C Parr said he should like to thank Mr Houghton for allowing them to address them. At the present day one had to subscribe to a good many things, but he thought there was none which deserved it more than the Infirmary. Only one-third of the persons treated at the institution were insured persons, and the other two-thirds were not touched by the Act. That showed how important it was that they should continue to help the Infirmary to help to carry on its good work, and he hoped they would fall in with tete suggestion. (Applause). A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr john Houghton for his kindndess in allowing the meeting to be held, on the proposition of Alderman Burton, seconded by Mr Roger C Parr. A further meeting of the men will be held to consider the best method for carrying out the suggestion.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE'S STRUGGLE.

The Examiner, Saturday, February 8, 1913.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFESSOR HOBHOUSE ON THE CO-OPERATIVE TENDENCY.

Politics and "The Liberty of the Subject."

The relation between the science of life and the art of the statesman formed the subject of a brilliant address by Professor L. T. Hobhouse, of London University, in the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening, The Professor is famed the world over as an expoeent of sooial ehilaeophy. and thanks are due to the Literary and Philosephical Society for giving a Warrington audience the oppertunity of hearing him. It was encouraging to see a large attendance, aud still more notable was the thoughtful iaterest with which the discourse was f ,flowed. Mr. Oswald Loft- house presided, and rightly forecasted that the Professor would not deal with politics in the nari ow party meaning which now clung to the world, hut in the finer, nobler and broader sense which wae current in earlier times. As Professor Hobhouse put it, his subject "Biology and Politics" presented nothing very exciting, tbrili- ing or romantic, bat he succeeded in making it interesting even to those who can lay claim to no special knowledge of scientific methods es applied to politics. He pessesses a remarkable flow of language and, without the aid of a note, spoke with consistent rapidity for fully an hour. The 'Professor discussed the doctrine of unmitigated competition and the survival of the Ilttest,as contrasted with the ethical and moral ideal of co-operatien and human eqiielit v. His views may be tersely summed up in his concluding passages. What, ho asked, was to he our attitude as to the relation between the biological and the sociological conceptions of society ? What was to be our notion of progress ? Was it to be a notion of advance through a process of canflict weed- ing out those who were fit to survive and throwieg the rest inlo the dustbin? Or WhEi it to be through the development of the ethical religious mind, the wiriening and deepening of the more careful, subtle and close application of those notions of hemen brotherhood, freedom and tcpiality, loading us in the direction of a free co-operative common- wealth, extending uliimately in its ramifications over the whole of mankind? Ho believed it was in the latter direci ion that our efforts were to be turned. It was the ideal towards whice thorough-going, philoso- phical analysis of ethics pointed as being the true good of man and, on the whole, the history of evolution supported it. It was true that our progress, lamentably small as it, had been, presented the world to us still as the theatre of much conflict and sometimes of cruel internecine strife. But still it did show us. growing up within this world which was se eevoid of peace and harmony, centres of c ,eiperetion, solidarity, mutual aid and friendliness, which extended as we advanced through successive stages of the organic world to man and from barbaric man to the Lighest form of civiliza- tion. It shoeed us that the principle of harmony, in opposition to the priticiple of conflict, had been justified by the ultimate arbiter to which tne theory of conflict appealed—the arbiter of success. Earlier in his lecture, the professor stated that the impulse of society, as expressed in the Poor Law, was gradually becoming more eurnane and resulted in greater care fer the less fortunate in the community. But a doubt was arising as to the propriety of this, and the doubt derived a certain amount of support from the biological teaching that progress in life was achieved by the success of the fit and the elimination of the unfit. The thinkers of this school asked, `• If we arrest this beneficent process are we not laving up for the race a heritage of evil ? " The line of argument was undoubtedly one of the intellectual ,orces that was most relied upon by those who were oppos- ing measures for the extinction of poverty and destitution by collective action. They were not hard- hearted, and they no doubt believed that they were taking a long view and acting for the good or the race. The Mental Deficiency Bill was an example of the way in which these ideas as to the necessity of dealing with the unfit by extinguishing them as painlessly as possible had had a direct effect qp intended legislation. He had much sympathy with the basal idea or the bill, which was to provide institutions where the unfit among the poor could be taken from their miserable life outside and treated humanely, as the cases demanded. The professor turned special attention, however, to those parts of the Bill which were desisned to prevent the feeble-minded from bringing children into the world. He pointed out that the definition of. feeble-minded persons was those who.„were " incapable of competing on equal terms with their normal fellows or of managine, themselves and their affairs with ordinary prudence." He thought it was possible that there were some men,quite normally and healthily con- stituted, who had occasionally been attracted by a pretty young woman who could not altogether satise factorily pass a test of the above stringent character. (Laualiter.) He was not picking out young women as being feeble-minded in comparison with young men,' but he was e,iving them credit for rather more sense in their selections. (Laughter ) A woman was not likely to marry a young man who was unable to compete with his fellows, unless his circumstances were such that he had no need to compete. (Laughter.) It therefore became an enormous advantage to secure as partner in the race of life a young man who had great passessions. Tt must, boivever, he remembered that anyone entering into matriineny with a person who could not be certified as capable of earning his or her own living on equal terms, was committing a misdemeanour and was liable to imprisonment with hard labour for not more than two years. (Laughter.) Anybody who aided and abetted in such a marriage was liable to a similar penalty. rhe PitoFessou said he had a perfectly open mind about the Eugenist argument that there were certain elements of unfitness in .he stock which were heredi- tary, and which could only be ended by the prohibition of parentage, but civilised methods must be used We could not resort to methods of barbarism. If the student of biology could define those instances more, and show more clearly whet taints were hereditable, and in what stocks they existed, he would undoubtedly be supplying important data, but when they came to com- pulsion in these matters they had to be exceedingly certain that the at ick they were seeking to eliminate was in the main bad. An interesting discussion followed the lecture. Mr A .1 JOLLEY, who moved a vote of thanks to Pro- fessor Hobhouse, said he seemed to detect in the professor's address something of the old cry " You must not interfere with the liberty of the subject." Thank heaven, ye had got a good deal past that now. Much of the real progress [lade in the last forty years had been due to definite and well-considered restrictions and restraints upon individuals. In every organized progressive community there must be the tendency to further restrictions, espeoially with regatd to the control of the unfortunate class of persons with whom it was proposed to deal in the Mental Deficiency Bill. If they carried out to its logical consequences the plea for unrestricted freedom, it would mean that they must liberate all the persons at present in lunatic asylums and allow them to inter- marry and to. reproduce objectionable types. As a matter of fact, they had already restrained certain types, and the only point in practical politics to-day was : What is to be the next step in the restriction of the reproduction of certain pronounced and recognized unsuitable types—types unfit to be at large, or at least to increase in number,in P. civilised community ? It was quite true that in recent years legislation had tended to prevent that internecine competition in industrial matters which used to obtain and which was the ideal of the orthodox Manchester school. Again, thank heaven we had got past that long since. That was another direc- tion in which legislative restraint Lad been usefully imposed to ensure real progress towards a higher and better civilisation, but at the same time they could not have progress without some competition. Mr C S BUIZGEsS seconded the vote of thanks.

Mr C DuxEs said the Drofessor had not made stifticiently clear what he meant by "the unfit." His (the speaker's) view was that we wore already eliminating not only the unfit, viewed from an ethical standpoint, but many desirable persons. Industrial competition resulted in pressing down people who had greater co-operative or altruistic instincts than most of those who based their conception of progress on the ability to crush down the individual. What was to be the standard of efficiency ? The tendency of the modern workshop was to nervous breakdown and insanity and the great question was how to remove the economic barriers to the development of philosophical views ? Dr MANSON said that in his criticism of the cruder aspects of biological reasoning as applied to society, Professor Hobhouse represented the old antagonism which existed between the medical and the legal pro- fessions. In the study of CT iwinolopyy, they found nftt, the doctor was nearly always on the side of the criminal. HD regarded the criminal as a patient to be treated, while the lawyer said he was a felon to be punished. Biology could be reconciled to the highest ethical standsrds,and the better they knew biology the more they would incline to that view. The proceedings in refer- ence to the Mental Defic,en.. 7 Bill had shown that the medical profeesion was going to take an important part in pelitics. Hitherto the physician had not adjusted himself to his proper place in ilia political sphere, but a change was coming. If the biological view, when properly understood,mede for human solidarity it made also for the peace of the world. They were discover- ing that there were common enemies of mankind which must be fought. Professor HbMIOUSE,in reply, said he was no extreme partisan of the voluntary principle but he was in favour of trying it before resorting to compulsion. He would like to see what could be clone by providing suitable institutions in sufficient numbers for the mentally deficient and applying compulsion in cases wbere it was manifestly called for. If they could show him a way of preserving full scope for personal liberty and initiative and at the same time getting rid of the com- petitive element, he would say they had pointed the

===== 0002601_19130208_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ECONOMICS IN POLITICS.

LECTURE TO JUNIOR LIBERALS.

"Economics in Politics " was the subject of an interesting lecture given under the auspices of the Junior Lioeral Association, in the Horsernarket-street Chambers on Monday evening, by Mr W Abbot, M.A., of Altrinchiata. There was a fair attendance of mem- bers, Mr 0 Toulmin presiding. Mr Abbot treated his sebject very skilfully and provided the audieace with much good food for thougut. In his opening renmearks the CHAIRMAN' said the subject upon which Mr Abbot bad come to speak was a very oiflicult one for those who hid a rather elementary knowledge of politics and political econ imy. In the first place he believed the word "economy " meant the management of the concerns of a household or in a broader eerie " the judicious and frugal management of public affairs." It was as well to judge our political faith by its economic value, and incidentally to put the faith of opponents to the same test. The Free Trade ' crusade which was started by Cobden and Bright gave a very striking illustration of the economic truths that were behind that cause. Before the repeal of tee Cora Laws, the people of this country were suffering from chronic poverty and thousands were on the verge of starvation for want of loud. That sort of thing was brought about by the Government of the day refusing to recognise the economic fact that a tariff imposed on foreign food did not make Us richer, because it limited the supply of our food and at the same time increased the price. A tariff that increased the price of an article, instead of increasing our wealth, impoverished us, because the exchange value of the articles that ire manufactured became less, for the reason that as a result of the tariff we would have to pay more for everything we bought. If we limited the areas of our trade by building what Tariff Reformers called a tariff wall round the Empire, we were impoverishing ourselves still further by discouraging the development of the natural resources or the useful articles of countries outside the Empire which provided raw material for British industries. On the question of tariffs the Tory Party failed to think economically. Ile (the speaker), had never yet seen a leaflet or book with the title -The economics of Tariff Reform." He would be very much surprised if such a document existed because the whole thing was economically ulisound. (Hear, hear.) In conclusi n the Chairmen said the land question gave another striking example of the advieamiity of juagiue a subject on its economic value. They were told by John Stuart Mill " that every article which was produced came from the land." d hat being a fact which could not be contradicted, was it not economically true to say that a land system which did not allow the land to be put to the best use, was unsound ? (Hear, hear.) In the course i an interesting and educational lecture, Mr AIIBOT said there was a large amount of prejudice against economics. Way was the science of economics such a diilicutt one ? There were various reasons, but he thought ihey could trace them.till to the same thing—thet it dealt with everynay occur- rences and it uad to use everyday language and terms, such as wages, rent, interest, Nee If they , examined any one of those terms, they found many different meanings were attached to them. If they asked the man in tire street what rent WPS, he said it was what he paid for the privilege of liyiug in a house. Economic rent was, however, the payment a person made for any advantages which he secured over and above the advantages he got for not paying. With their definitions in regard to economics they bad to be very careful, and if they used a term in a sense which might have two or three different meanings they had to define which one they mourn. There was another diffi- culty, and that was because economics dealt with such common, every-day things that everyone, whether trained or or not, thought himself capable, after a minute's thought, of giving a decision on even the most intricate point in economics because the subjects were so familiar. Dee science of economics was still an imperfect one and they would not find a single professor who did not admit that. In its fundamental principles, however, it had had so much examination that they could say that those principles were practicelly settled. There was a lot to do in the investigations of the minor details and it did not seem to him that the field of investigation would become narrower because it meant dealing with the most highly organised being—man. Our wants were far greater than those of our grand- fathers and all those wants came within the sphere of the economiet. Why should they, as young Liberals, study the question ? As young Liberals they had time in front of them and he would impress upon them the necessity, at the outset of their political career, of getting a good acquaintance witu the science of economics. If they only got a smattering of it, it would do good and they would be better able to cope with the questions which must come before the people of the country. The politics of this country at the present time—and they would be in the future—were becoming more and more concerned with social ques- tions. That was a state of affairs which was absolutely necessary. 'I hey all knew the

===== 0002601_19130208_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WORLD WAS AN IMPERFECT ONE

and they would like to do their little share in trying to improve it. That, he thought, was one of the fundamental ideas underlying the Junior Liberal movement. They all believed that the conditions of the people of our country were of infinitely more impo:rtai.ice to them than any academic discussions. Continuing, the lecturer said that in their study of economics they would find the question of distribution, the most controversial one. He meant by distribution, the way in which the product of industry was shared out heiwen the people who took part in it—to the land- lord as rent, tne capitalist as interest, [tad the labourer as wages. The thorniest part of economics was undoubtedly the money part of exchange. They could however, study economics without going into abstruse questions, and if they got a working know- ledge of the science they would secure benefits far out of proportion to the time spent in obtaining that knowledge. Regarding its application to present-thy problee s, the Chairman had mentioned about Free Trade and 'tariff Reform. He had looked and asked in all quarters for an economic statement of the case for Protection, but had failed to get one— (hear, hear)—whereas the full theory of international trade fit in beautifully with our principles of Free Trade. The question of Tariff Reform was simply a hash of statistics which were not very reliable, and if they ever had any tendency to put faith in those statistics they should take " Punch's advice to those about to marry—Don't. (Laughter.) In the use of statistics the amateur economist should be very careful. Any student of economics could see that they could not make the foreigner pay a toll. There were cases where the foreigner could be made to pay, but they were so exceptional as to be negligible. (Hear, hear). If he was looking at the Insurance Act from an economist's point of view he would say, obviously that Act was intended for securing the increased health of the com- muuity. Such an increase in the health of the com- munity must result in the increased efliciency of the worker. (Hear, hear.) If there was an increased efficiency there must be increased productivity. If there was increased productivity there was room for increased wages. As to whether that increase would come about, depended on other conditions. Speaking scientifically the Insurance Act was an, economical advantage to the country. He believed in labour unrest and he personally thought that if the worker, as the producer, did not get a proportional share of the produce of his industry, he ought to get it. He was sere that part of the increased share would go to give the workman more comforts and the little luxuries which he desired. If they would get hold of the elemen- tary facts of economics they would he in a safe position to examine the cause which underlay the labour unrest—the land question, &c. He had studied economics and it made him enter the arena of politics because that was the only way in which the theories he had, could be applied. By the study of economics they would be able to reason out their political convictions in a scientific manner. (Applause). Mr P 11 RitOwN proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the speaker and said that the great inequality which existed amongst the masses of this country—those who had got wealth and wanted more and those who had not even adequate means—was at the bottom of all our social evils. Mr JoNRS seconded and the resolution was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ACID STOMACHS ARE

DANGEROUS.

COMMON SENSE ADVICE BY A DISNNGUISEIED SPECIALIST.

" Acid " stomachs are dangerous because acid irritates and in flames the delicate lining of the stomach, thus hindering and preventing the proper action of the stomach, and leading to ninetenths of the cases of stomach trouble from which people suffer. Medicines and medicinal treatments are useless in such cases, for they leave the source of the trouble, the aci d in thc stomach, as dangerous as ever. The acid must be neutralised, and its formation prevented, and the best thing for this purpose is half a teaspoon- ful of bisurated magnesia, a simple antacid, taken iu a little warm or cold water after eating, w Lich not only neutralises the acid, but also prevents the fermentation from which acidity is developed. Foods which ordinarily cause greatest distress can be eaten with impunity if the rceal is followed with a little bisurated magnesia, which can be obtained of ...any chemist, and sLould always be kept handy.

Gordon Dawson's Ordination

We are delighted (says St Paul's Parish Magazine) t° state that one of our old boys, who received his earlY education in our schools, has been ordained by the Lord Bishop of Liverpool. After baing trained as a daY school teacher, Mr Cior,4on Dawson decided to take holy orders. He therefore went to Cambridge, where he had a most brilliant and successful career, and at the ordination examination he came out first, and was there- fore gospeller. His first curacy is at Holy Trinity, Walton Brock. We anticipate a most useful future, aud we w,sh him every success and prusperity. -

L

- . C

===== 0002601_19130208_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev._A. J. Bratts. Appointment.

- - The " Parish Church Magazine " says :—The Rev A J Bratt has toen offered and accepted the post of organizing secretary of the Waifs and Strays Society for the three dioceses of Carlisle, Durham and New- castle. Mr Brett has done excellent work during the four and a half years he has been with us, and will he greatly missed. His sermons have proved a great attraction, and have made a deep impression. The members of the Men's Bible Class have greatly appre- ciated Mr Bratt's services. We shall lose, too, we are much afraid, with him, his sister, Mrs Hopkins, who by her kindness and friendliness has endeared herself in all quarters. - - -

===== 0002601_19130208_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was a large and enthusiastic meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Suuctay, the opportunity being taken to give to the Rev. 'l'. James, the Presid,nt-elect, a very cordial welcome to the Brother- hood. The PRESIDENT (Mr. B. Farrar) voiced the feelings of the whole Brotherhood in extending the hand of welcome to Mr. James, and hoping for happy days to come. Mr. JAMES reciprocated the good feeling. He felt it was hard to part with trieuds at Sheffield, but it Kas helpful to him to receive such a hearty welcome to Warrington. He hoped the Brethren and he would work hard together, so that they wuuld not only have greater numbers ab their meetings, but a higher spiritual tone and lite. Mr. COOPER spoke of the pleasure of meeting Mr, James. He took for his subject " A little thread on the finger," which was a reminder of something there wasa leer of forgetting. it was a liok of association. in our life, in our homes, and in our business, one circumstance reminded us of others. The solo that afternoon reminded him of days past, when he sat listen- ing to the rendering of the prayer of Elijah " 0 God of Abraham." .

Mr Arthur Davies sang "0 God of Abraham," which was greatly appreciated.—Mr. Payton, Mus. 13ac., pre- sided at the organ ; Mr. Jos. Owen read the lesson and the President led the praser.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Guild Festival. Address by the Rev. E. B. Keeling.

The annual guild festival in connection with the Bevvsey-road Wesleyan Church was held last week end, h.rge congregations assemoling at each service. The Rev E B Keeling, a former superintendent of the Wesleyan Circuit in Warrington, was the preacher, his addresses being full of inspiration. At tee morning service on Sunday the anthem " From Thy love as a lather," was rendered in a very expressive manner by the choir who were also responsible for a sympathetic rendition of "0 God us Thou appearest," at the even- ing service. At a musical service in the afternoon Dr Bennett of Padgzite presided. The vocalists who took part were Messrs Walker, C Sinclair, Senior, and the Misses Winstanley, V Jones, ‘Vardle and Jones, Mr Winstanley was at the organ. " God's call and the worba's challenge," was the subject of the Rev E B Keeling's lecture to a large assembly on Monday even- ing when Mr J 19 Hayward presid d,and remarked upon his 40 years connection with friends from Bewsey-road and Silver-street school. He wanted the members of, the Guild to be reflectors of Divine influence cud con- vey it on to others. They should be well polished and take the teichiugs they got to heart because if they were not well polished they could not be reflectors. In his lecture Mr KEELINCr said chit on the one side they had God's insistent call to them and the great task He had set before them, and on the ocher they were not persecuted, and were never likely to be. The world regarded them with a certain contemptuous tolerance as amiable enthusiasts who spent a lot of time and i money in certain things n which they were interested. There were tremendous tasks set before them. They were not simply call!ed. to become expert critics of various methods of Ctir!sttan work. There was a great deal of that in the religious papers of to-day. He did not care about the methods so long as the work was done. They should not waste their time denouncing other people. God did not call any church to be infallible and to set up to put all the others right. They should not follow anyone who told them to go back. They were not here to go back but to go forward. (Applause.) They could not get a neat little phrase or set of phrases that were going to save the world. They coull not save the world by administering to it a sort of spiritual pill. (Laughter.) They were called first as Christians, and if they were Christians there should be more of Christ in them than anything else. In the planning of their lives and the arranging of their work, and in the plans they formed Christ ought to have the first pl,ce. They were called to 1)3 real, straight, honest and lendable. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19130208_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Golborne-street Baptist Church.

Preaching at the above Church on Sunday the Rev 11 Ogden declared that the social outlook was bright and rosy. People were not attending church any better in 1913 than 1912. There were declines in Church attend- ance and Sunday school attendance which the church must take steps to remedy, licit happily the progress of God's kingdom was not commensurate with pews or pulpits, superintedent's, bells and Sunslay school. One of the most hopeful signs was the moral and Spiritual activity beyond the borders of organised religion. A healthy sign was the recognition of woman's equality and rights and were it not for the folly of militant feminism a Bill ere now would have been an Act. Woman is ceasing to be a household drudge and claiming to be what she ought to be, the companion of man. An Englishman who believes that a woman ought to be a household dolt has been born hi the wrong country. He slearld have seen light in Turkey. The emphatic opinion of all England upon the White Slave traffic has manifested the dynamic of woman's new found power. The women who are the horrible sufferers in the tragedy have compelled action. He found himself in total and absolute disagreement with Dr Mellor in his horror of the Act. A brute who will sell a girl as a farmer sells a pig is a brutal coward. 1e dreads nothing but physical punishment. A woman's torture of mind and body are his sport, but when the penalty is writhing physical pain (he knows no mental pain) he flees from it as from a plague. There is little fear of a reversion to a brutal policy for all crimes hut this type most be exterminated from this land; and the honour of rousing England must be credited to the woman who is working to make England cleaner, purer and soberer. That is an evidence we are not getting nearer a second deluge and a Noah's Ark but further from it. There is increase of hope at home. The Insuranoe Act is born from the Sermon on the Mount ; Lloyd George has put the Gospel in an Act of Parliament. Everybody agreed it was the Gospel ; blessed the garment and then pro- ceeded to marry the prize We swagger.about being an imperial race but we left the mother to • face death with platitudes about the grandeur of motherhood. Now the richest Empire the world has ever known allows 303 nivernitv. Alinifl3ent ! But it is a beginning. Everybbdy has sympathized with the con- sumptive but left them with back to back houses, under the shadow of a frowning mill and an atmosphere that could be cut. Now the consumptive has hope. When the out-worker watches the snow flakes falling and rill the land is in the iron grip of winter, the children shall not suffer. Only the bairns of a painter or plasterer realize what it has meant when father has had three months of winter unemployment. Sickness now is handcuffed. The thrifty mother will no longer try every medicine in her own and her sister's cupboard ore sending for the man who knows. The bogey of a d,ctor's bill is laid. Are not such evidences full of hope. Malign the man who has wrought it with all the blackguard tongues an ignorant race can collect, but it is the Gospel in practice. The broad earth is beginning to come back for those for whom it was intended. God is not only in heaven, but He is upon earth. It is well with the world.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. BISBROWN, RUNCORN.

The death has cccurred at Runcorn, of Mr Daniel Bisbrown, an ex-chairman of the Runcorn Urban Council and a member of that authority for many years. The deceased gentleman, who had been ailing for many months, was best known as a temperance wcrker. A life-long abstainer, he had been associated with the local SODS of Temperance for over thirty years, and was a trustee of the Cheshire grand Division.

UNSAFE GRID.

Singular Accident Ends in County Court Claim.

£9O Damages. The sequel to an unusual accident was heard at the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Stanger, when Miss Jane Lamb Woods, dressmaker and costumier, Rylands-street, suedi John Richard Evans, solicitor, and H B Turner,railliner and draper, the owner and tenant respectively of 17, Palmyra-square,:for £lOO damages for injuries sustained and loss of business incurred by falling down a cellar its consequence of the insecure and dangerous condition of the coal plate which opene:j r orn the footpath. Mr W B Forshaw appeared for the plaintiff and Mr A Browne represented the defendants. The original claim was for £l3O but it was reduced to £lOO to bring it within the jurisdiction of the County Court. Defendants had paid into Court £75 damages and £7 73 costs.

-The case for the plaintiff was that she was going from business to her home on June 11th and when pass- ing along Palmyra-square she stepped on to tile coal plate in question, which gave way, letting her down into the aperture. She bruised both her legs very severely ana cut one of them. She managed to get home and Dr Fox was sent for and bandaged the wounds. Plaintiff was in bed for several weeks and was away from business for thirteen weeks. The accident happened at the busiest stage of Miss Wood's season, as it was only a few weeks before Walking Day, which was Warrington's great festival. Plaintiff made an effort to resume work a few days after the accident, but had to take to her bed again. Erysipelas set in and for several days her condition was so grave that the doctor was quite uncertain as to her ultimate recovery. She vomited repeatedly and was delirious. At the present time she was not completely recovered from the effects of her illness and suffered from exhaustion when she had to be on her feet for any L length of time. Mr Forshaw submitted that the nelig- en ce of which the defendants had been guilty was not of an ordinary kind, but of the grossest possible type. Only a fortnight--

His Honour- interposed with the comment that, as liability for the accident was not denied by the defend- ants, the degree of negligence did not concern him. He simply had to consider the consequences which ordinarily flowed from the accident and had not to award more damages because the negligence was grave. Mr Forshaw contended that the original claim for £l3O was exceedingly reasonable. It was made up as follows :—Loss of business (thirteen weeks), £39 : medical attendance, £5 5a ; nursing (thirteen weeks), £27 63 ; medical appliances &c., £8 ; pain and suffering £5O. Mr Forshaw explained that Miss Woods was in partnership with her sister but her earnings might he estimated at quite £3 a week. During her illness extra work had to be done by her sister and even then it was impossible to cope with all the business.

The plaintiff was called and cross-examined as to her share of the profits of the business, admitted that neither she nor the firm paid income tax, exemption having been successfully claimed. Mr Browne: 1-lave you had anything deducted from your share of the profits, in consequence of your illness? Plaintiff : Well, I shall be short, certainly. How much will you be short ?—I could not tell you. Further evidence in support of the claim was given by Dr Fox, cud tho Misses Lucy and Edith Woods. Mr Browne said his clients never attempted to deny liability and they had tried, in all ways possible, to effect an amicable settlement. There had been uo• documents produced to give an exact idea of the loss sustained. The whole thing was mere surmise, the only figures produced showing a decrease of only £lO in the gross profits for four months, as compared with the previous year. Defendants admitted liability for such damages as the plaintiff could prove she had sustained. One would have thought that, if the claim had been real aud not exaggerated, the plaintiff would have been only too pleased to avoid coming into court by producing the necessary documents and books. She had not done so, but had pursued a " dog in the maneer " policy. It had been a case of" £lOO and not a half-penny less." Defendants, he submitted, had acted handsomely in paying £75 into Court. That allowed for n trade loss of £25, which was more than generous. To ask £5O for pain and suffering was altogether unreasonable.

His Honour, in giving judgment, sgirl he did nt see any indicatiou of a desire to inflate the damages. Juries, however, did not generally award damages for pain and suffering on anything like the scale claimed by the plaintiff. Many people might say "I would not undergo that pin for any amount of money," but that, was not the standard to be applied. They had to con- sider what was reasonable compensation. As to the loss of business, the materials before him were some- what scanty, but when they considered that the plaintiff did skilled work, her absence from business tor thirteen weeks must have entailed a substantial loss. However, he did not think the fall amount of the claim had been proved. His Honour awarded damages to the amount of £9O.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ON THE 'PHONE.

" Hello ! That the Exchange? Give me 'Suits Limited,' please. . . . the number? I don't know, its in Horsemarket street—Jubilee Buildings. (Wbur-mr-r)

Hello! Are you "Suits Limited," the people's tailor? Right—hello - are you there? Say, I've Just seen the best-dressed man in Warrington, and asked him for his tailor's address. He said you rigged him out.—l guess you're pretty expensive, eh? - What's that ?—Only 12/11 and made to measure. His suit fitted him like a glove. I can't understand it. Oh ! this price is just while your sale is on—to clear you out—l see. What's that? A thousand lengths to choose from? I'm coming round at once. (A week later.) Hello! Are you " Suits Ltd. ?" . . Listen !. I've just tried on that suit you made for me . Any complaints? Why, ray dear fellow, I've never had such a fit in my life, and as for the ' cut ' my .wife says it's elegant. Say—do me a favour and make ma another of the same material and an extra pair of trousers, too.—What! against the rules—only one suit at the price for each customer. . . . Right. You'll make an exception. My best thanks. I'll tell every reader of the " Examiner."—" Suits Ltd., ' The People's Tailors, Jubilee Buildings, Horsemarket street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCH FORD. Latchford won a keen game at St. Helens on a heavy ground last Saturday by 2-1, this being the fifth succes- sive victory. Simp•on netted for the home side and Pearson for the visitors in the first half, the latter player also hitting the crossbar with a splendid shot. On changing round Latchford pressed heavily and hot shots from Minards, Starkey and Pearson were cleverly kept out by Mercer, the St Helens goalkeeper, who was in great form, but at length Pearson eluded the backs and scored a winning goal which gave Mercer no chance Clark, right back, Green, centre half, and Rudd, outside right, were the best of the St Helens team, and for Latchford, Wilkinson was the best uf the oacks, and Dale and Pearson of the forwards. The Second Elevens met at Latchford and the v!sitors were beaten by 7-3, but they made a much better show than they usually do against Latchfor:i and at one time were leading. Turner, their right back, put up a strong defence and was difficult to pass. Latchford had the help of E Cliffe at inside-right and he played a rasp- ing game and shot four of the goals. Fletcher (1) and Isherwood (2) scoring the others. Gibbs at centre half played a hard game and kept the St Helms forwards down.

The First Eleven v Manchester University at Man- chester this afternoon is :—.l Brune, goal ; C Billing- ton, T Dixon, backs; 3 B Wilkinson, A E Bradshaw, A Knight, halves ; R A Dale, J E Pearson, W II Minards A Starkey, W Isherwood, forwards. Referee, Mr Cobb. Train from Central 1.55.

The Second Eleven v Manchester University " A" at Latchford is :—Three full backs, H Wright, W T Eccles, W Mull; C H Morgan, H T Gibbs, T Banks, halves ; U Laver, F Hohin, H Fletcher, A U Marsden, H H Colton, forwards. Bully off 2.30 p.m.

F cutting Ms teeth makes your child fretful, get a Steedman's Powder for him. This medicine contains no poison or narcotic, but relieves feverish heat and preserves a healthy state of the constitution.

in be lb( yec

-To] Da bac Pe;

Rei No co ROl

Ti Jord, Clan .back Fletc

persc form is Ns, recet War, biro,

Ti to th the s case Subs, mete. cutlei week tiors,

, Pr: Detw, WI ,thre, ',Lary a,nd tiuck (St Jame (Arpl Wi three (St B (Simi Evan Cross alon

===== 0002601_19130208_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19130208_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
, A "Lim\ 1)1.. TILT " 100 T attv ), FATtneTIC:(' _NOTES BY " OVALIST.

"Warrington's only home match this month takes ,place to-day, and granted decent weather, spectators .can be relied upon to roll up in large numbers to welcome Widnes. The " Chemicals " have done themselves rather well at Warrington's expense during the last few seasons, but the worm should have a turn to-day. Widnes have fallen away from a rather com- manoing position for a local side, and Warrington have "come on" a bit. The Wirepullers should certainly regain the lost 50 per cent. to-day. The corresponding match a season ago resulted in a draw Of 5 points each.

Only a couple of years ago it appeared as if "Jack" Smith and his Committee bad solved the problem of /raining up a purely local team which could hold its own with the best. The Widnesians were then high in the League table, and even went so far as to conquer Wigan at Wigan and Warrington at Wilders- pool. With a comparatively young team, the prospect seemed decidedly rosy, and it is not to the best interests of the game that I those bright anticipations had been dimmed. The rise of Widnes has not been maintained, and to-day they are not to be ranked above the ordinary second-raters (a class which unfortunately includes Warrington). Widnes have still a good local team, but it is not equal to the best, and a long row needs ho.3ing before any such claim can be made for the plucky "Chemicals." But they will go on trying, and they have the best wishes of all sports- men who see that the future of the N.U. game lies With the home grown lads of Lancashire and Yorkshire, and nut with the Colonial and other " impJrts."

Most clubs are doing their best to grow tke natural footballer, and Warrington among them. But it takes time. Meanwhile gaps must and will be filled from fields afar by clubs who can afford to pay for the qualified player. The Warrington team to-clay Will contain seven "local lads," and with Brooks and B. radshaw fit again, nine out of thirteen will be Indigenous to the soil, so to speak. But it must not be forgotten that we owe a good deal, all the same, to the men from \Vales and elsewhere who have done yeoman service in the primrose and blue jersey.

The team to-day is the same as last week's, viz. : Jolley, full back ; Williams, Renwick, Tranter and Davies, three-quarters ; Nicholas and Daintith, half- backs; G Thomas, R Thomas, Cox, Chesters, Pearnley and Skolhorne, forwards.

The Widnes team will be: Brassington, full back; Reid, Taylor, Redmond, J O'Gara, three-quarters; Noon and J Lally, half backs; Aspey, Uorcoran, Cosgrove, Higgins, A O'Gara and Lloyd, forwards. Refere, Mr Renton (lunslet).

Wart ington lost at Leeds, but they again made a creditable show. The Leeds forwards had laid them- selves out to avenge the " gruelling " sustained at Wilderspool, and it must be admitted that they got the better of the wiry Warringtonians. In the loose, Jack was as good as his master, but in the scrummage Work Leeds had a big pull and obtained possession of the ball much more frequently than the visitors. Pphind they were speedier, and the two things corn- blued proved too much for the sturdy Warrington 'defence. It is speed among the backs that we lack roost, and until we get it the scoring power of the team litst necessarily remain below par.

--- h The Leeds ground was about the worst Warrington d::43 played on this season, the mud being fully ankle 13- Considering the conditions the game was fetearltably fast and clever. Both sides played good :°tball, and few better contested games have been iielert between the two clubs. Warrington scored first rough Tranter's opp rtunism, hut Leeds gradually °l.ged ahead and won 143. It was about a fair reflex of the sawe.

On the Warrington side no player gained greater thonour than Jolley, who defended with great skill and .pluck. He had a busy afternoon dealing with the dashing raids of the home forwards, but he was never .once found wanting. His tackling was remarkable for a player of such modest physique. At half back, too, Nicholas played a sterling game, though twice 'knocked out by the aggressive Leeds forwards. The Warrington threequarter line did not make a great -show on the attack, but they defended well, Widianis tackling splendidly.

Three league games were played on Tues3ay. Widnes were heavily defeated by 26 points to 5 at Dewsbury. Wigan won at Halifax IS-7, and Hull at I.loel4dale 11-0.

The League table up-to-date is as follows : For. Agst. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c'et'ge. 2 20 2 0... 70124 512...23 26 124... 9090 _Wigan .......23 20 3 0... 84123 537...33 38 180... 8695 roughton 90 13 3 4... 31 45 197...12 19 81... 7500 Hull 1i.R....23 16 6 1... 64 75 353...37 44 206... 7173 bewsbury...23 15 7 I._ 47 86 352...33 37 177... 67.39 Salford 91 14 7 0... 27 39 171...15 29 117... 6666 23 14 7 2... 50 69 207...34 31 161... 6521 'Oldham 90 12 7 1... 42 54 246...34 35 173... 6250 isNakefleld T 94 14 8 2... 37 67 275...38 59 253... 62.50 atley ...... ol 12 9 0... 38 51 229...25 33 149... 5714 93 12 10 1 42 46 922.. 34 49 215... 5434 swai°,cl -.23 11 11 1... 30 35 1-65...29 50 208... 50.00 wa-o,L°n -.91 10 10 1... 30 41 183...19 38 152... 5000 Wi rington 22 10 11 1... 27 31 147...28 43 185... 47.72 22 10 11 1— 86 59 249...43 54 248... 4772 'le 4.21 9 10 2... 30 56 228...25 33 149... 47.6] 1/2,1.1 ......... 93 9 11 3... 25 36 158...33 61 249... 4565 ...... 22 8 12 2... 21 43 177...40 55 245... 4090 n5..94 9 14 1... 37 51 236...38 51 238... 8958 y°ol;ith ......... 20 7 13 0... 13 28 110...29 43 187... 35 00 Rua„s'••••••.90 5 15 0... 21 36 156...43 71 299... 2500 barr-,.„1.4 -.91 5 16 0... 24 29 135...43 71 299... 23.80 90 4 15 1... 15 32 126...40 60 260... 9250 . •..21 4 16 1... 21 27 123...48 97 387... 7.21.42 s.eY •..18 3 14 1... 16 21 95...45 64 232... 19'44 ...19 0 18 1... 20 28 124...83141 589... 2.63

team to go to Widnes is strengthened by ,tue re-appearance of Brooks and Bradshaw, who have "oth resumed training and are reported fit. Douglas and Harmer are both in the doctor's hands as the re.sult of the \7lth 'Hudde injuries received in the keen struggle rsfield "A" last Saturday. By the way, the an who kicked Douglas in the face should have been sent front the field at once whether the injury was accidental or not. It was certainly due to the rtenost reckless play, which in itself is enough offence Or a man to receive marching orders.

Tordan, ._ The selection for the "A " team is as follows full : Clar back ; Bradshaw, Brooks, Berry and back - C e, threequarters ; Brown and Rushton. half Fleth ,efirla Arnold,v rdNs7lor, Gibbs, Clark, Blundell and ,

A new player has been signed on this week in the person of J C Bardsley, who has signed an amateur form and will have a trial next week. Bardsley, who well.knowu in the Association world and wasl_*.cenily an in Everton player, is engaged in business in ..kS. . lie has a capital physique to recommend Cairn, and may possibly take to the handling code.

The testimonial to Mr Harry Ashton, hon. secretary to the club, on the occasion of his marriage will take the substantial form of the presentation of a handsome ease of cutlery (105 pieces) and a silver tea service. Subscriptions have come in generously from both members, officials and players of the club. The cutlery and tea service have been on view during the week in the wit.dow of Messrs. Dolan Bros., tiorsernarket-street.

Prior to the match to-dav, there will be a match between Warrington and Widnes school boys, corn- at 2 o'clock. The selected teams are : Warrington : —Full back, Brimelow (Christ ( 3hurch); three-quarters, Walker (Arpley-street), Brady (St. Mary's) Mellor and Parr (Silver-street). hat ves,Munn Skelhorn (St James') ; forwards, Rigby and Buckley (St James'), Hulse (Christ Church), Graham (St Mary's), A Lawton (Silver-street), Newall (St dames'). Reserves, Williams (Silver-street) and Oxley (Arpley-street). Widnes :—Full back, Critchley (Widnes National) ; Stthree-quarters, Magee (St Marie's), Cosgrove and Power ( Bede's), Mac Allister (West Bank) ; halves, Green (Simna's Cross C), Ecclestou (St Patrick's) ; forward?, Evans and Young (West Bank), Pheysey (Simm s Cross), Ford (St Ma a'homaso (Widnes rie'o, Gordon (St Bede's), n C EL

===== 0002601_19130208_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

' G. T. P. G. T. P. Leeds 1 4 14 Warrington 0 1 3 Hull

_ Hull K. Rovers ... 3 6 24 Bramley Bradford Northern 2 4 16 Yoik 3 0 6

Broughton Bang... 2 5 19 Leigh 0 1 3 Batley Dewsbury Widnes -alford 2 0 4 Huddersfield 7 10 44 Keighley WakEfisld Trinity 1 4 14 St llelens 9 1 7 Oldham Wigan 7 1044 Coventry ...... ... 3 4 IS

===== 0002601_19130208_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY COMBINATION.

Salford A 0 1 3 Widnes A 0 0 0 Warrington A Rochdule H. A Hull K. Roy. A ... 2 5 19 Hull A Halifax A — 14 Dewsbury Featherstone It ... 18 WakefieldT. A 0 0 0 Leigh A ' _ —— /5 Broughton R. A 2 1 7

===== 0002601_19130208_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington at Leeds.

Warrington took a strong team to Leeds on Satur- day, to play the return fixture with the Headiugley club. Having been well beaten at Warrington, the homesters were keen on righting matters and after it very keen game they sent the Wirepallers hack defeated The weather was unsettled, but fully 7,000 assembled. The ground was in a shocking state and it was remark- able how the teams contrived to play such good foot- ball in a sea of mud. Leeds introduced Stacey, the smart Keighley wing into their team, but he was unable to take a hand in the scoring. The teams were: Warrington : back ; Williams, Tranter Renwick and Davies, three quarter-backs ; Dainteth and Nicholas, half-hacks ; G Thomas, Chesters, Skelhorne, Fearnley, Cox and R Thomas, ferwards. Leeds : Haycock, back ; Davies, Canip'ell, Sullivan ' and Stacey, threequarter-backs ; Senders and Gatiley, half-backs ; Webster, Harrison, Milli:4d, Evans, Ward and Sutton, forwerds. Referee, Mr A Hestferd (Broughton Rangers), touch- judges, Messrs E Willoughoy (Bradford) fuel W H Garside (Halifax). The Leeds men opened in confilent style, and a brilliant plece of handling with the dry ball almost brought about Warrington's downfall in the first few minutes. Campbell was checked close in by Jolley, who made a great tackle. Warrington were kept busily employed on defence, and some floe repelling work was done by Tranter, Renwick and Jolley, before the War- rington forwards found their feet and carried play to the other end. Skelhorae and Cheaters were prominent in the loose, and soon had the ball hovering near the Leeds line. Harrison and Ward got away with the hall at their toes, but were soon sent back and Warrington attacked with spirit. Sanders attempted to pass near his own line, with the result that the watchful Tranter snapped up the ball and romped over the Leeds line. Jolley failed at goal. Faced with this reverse, Leeds attacked hotly, but without avail for some time. Leeds eventually scored, Sanders running over. Haycox failed at the goal-kick. \Vith the teams equal, the game was finely contested by both sides. Davies scored for Leeds. Half-time: Leedsesix points; ‘Varrington, three points: The second period was brimful of interest. There were moments when Warrington failed and gave the home men a taste of their quality, but for the most part the home team were the masters of the situation. Campbell, Sullivan and Davies continued to exhibit good form, and Stacey was often alert in taking his passes. but over-eagerness on his part proved his undoing. Campbell and Mirfield succeeded in penetrat lug the Warrington defence, both tries being the result of sound and accurate football. Result : Leed,, one goal four tries points): Warrington, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19130208_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON " A " OUTCLA.SS HUDDERSFIELD "A." —Die first visit of the Caampions' second team to Warrington was responsible for a crowd of fully 3,000 assembling at Warrington. Unfortunately rain com- mencrd to fall heavily soon after the start, and the ground was son churned up into a morass. The locals were without Critchley and Berry, but adapted them- selves better to the conditions and ultimately recorded a fine victory. For is time, the Warrington backs tried handling, but found the speedy Huddersfield men on the alert. Then Brown and Dauglas altered their tactics, and by short stages the scrum half worked the ball to the visitors' line. Here Brown deftly secured and threw to Douglas, who dodged over cleverly, but Jordan failed at goal. Huddersfieid responded gamely, but could not force the game much beyond half-way, the Warrington halves and forwards being too alert tor them. smart passing by Brown, Douglas, Rushton and Clare beat the defence, and Clare scored at the corner. Half-time : Warrington, 6 points ; Huddersfield, nil. Turning round, the visitors infused much vigour into their play, and fora while the home goal was menaced, Caldw all played with a cool head and repeatedly baulked the visitors in the desire to record a sun- stantial point. Warrington experienced a sad blow when Douglas and Harmer were hurt and compelled to retire. A determined dash by Brown resulted in a try, which was improved upon by Gibbs cud though the visitors again showed fight near the finish the defence held out, and at the close 4Varrington had won well with the score as follows : Warrington, one goal three tries (eleven points) ; Huddersfield, nil.

MANCHESTER AND DISTRICr LEAGUE. Divistag I. RYLtiNDS' RECS v WARDLEY. Great interest was taken in the first meeting of these their new ground. The teams at Swinton on Saturday, the occasion being additionally notable by reason of the fact that the game w Wardley Club keen, both sides giving away no chances. opening eiy The full bads, Brandinll and Moores, pls3ed a great game. R)lands' at last got their passing machinery going, both Horrocks and Griffiths being pushed into touch at the corner. The visiting half- backs played finely, finding their centres plenty of work which they niade full use of. Leah passed to Carter H i who, instead of passing to orrocks, doubled n.scoring a grand try. Leah failed at goal. Half-time : Rylands' I try : Wardley, nil. In the second half after a battle royal between the forwards, play settled down at centre. Floyd, missing Carter passed to Leah, Griffiths being served, that player scored at the corner. The goal kick failed. The home lot next had a spell of attacliing, but the defence was too good. Ryland's came again and Leah going on his own scored a fine try under the posts, Morris tail- ing. After this the home men attacked with great vigour and from a penalty, Fish kicked a grand goal. This seemed to put new lire in Wardley, and from a forward rush close in scored a try, the goal kick failing. The game ended in favour of Rylands' by nine points to five.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S TEAMS.

RYLANDS RECS. v. FLIXTON.—At Gorsey-lane : Full- back, A Bramhall ; threequarter-backs, J Griffiths, W Leah, S Carter and G Warren ; G Floyd and J Gallop ; forwards, A Stretford, J Branwood, II Morris, F Mason, J Broadhurst and A Booth. Reserves: I.lorrocks, W Langley and B Slater.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
The EjEdiiiiiiei :tiiiiit-ti.a; Vebibiii'l 8, 1913.

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

NORTH CHESHIRE LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

Goals.

P. W. L. D. For Ag'st Pts Lostock Gralam Lynam 13... 7._ 2... 4... 28... 22... 18 Barntoe Villa Oughtrington Park 13... 6._ 5... 2... 25... 19... 14 Mobbarley: 14... 6... 6... 2... 21... 22... 14 Bowdon Vale Latchford St Vincent's 15... 4... 9... 2... 18... 3e... 10 Broadheath Ougbtrington Amat 12... 3... 7... 2... 22... 34... 8 Altrincham Lads 10... 0... 6... 4... 11... 23... 4 ST. VINCENT'S V LYALM.

At Stamford Park, on Saturday. After keen open- ing exchangos the Saints had rather the better of matters, and after a capital combined run Taylor only partially cleared, enabling Salt to score the opening goal with a fast high shot. From the kick-off J Clare sent Owen away with a well-timed pass, only for the latter to place over the bar. Midfield play followed for a time. Half-time : St Vincent's, 1; Lyrnm, 0. All through the second half the game was well con- tested, but each defence was sound. In the closing stages only some good goalkeeping by Berry prevented Lymm from equalizing. In the end St. Vincent's just about deserved their narrow victory of a goal to nil.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
LAT( H FORD V. OUG lITRINGTON A ACATEtiItS.

At Latchford. The only point in the first half came when the game was 40 minutes old being obtained by the outside right (Smith). In the second half Latch- ford gradually assumed the upper hand. Kite, in the Amateurs' goal, gave a superb exhibition, and saved innumerable shots. Further points were secured for Latchford by Smith and Shakeshaft (a). Gresty notched the visitors' only point in the last minute. The final read: Latchford, 4 goals ; Oughtringtoli Amateurs, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BARNTON VILLA V MOBBERLZY.

A Plose game euded wit,h the bcore : 8.-.rnton Villa, 1 ; Mobberley, nil.

OUGHRTRINGTON PARK V BOWDE'N VALE.

At lleatley. The Vale were rather weakly repre- sented, Ouehtrington Park gaining an easy victory by 8 goals to 1.

SECOND DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

Goals.

P. W. L. D. for agst Pts Weaver Refining Co 9... 0_ 0... 3... 23... G... 15 Stockton 114_,ath Latchford Item; Padgate Amateurs Cadishead Wesleyan G... 3... 1... 2... 13... 9... S Latchford Reserve S... 2... 3... 3... 13... 10... 7 Latchford Britannia 5... 2... 3... 0... 8... 14... 4 Warrington CL B

===== 0002601_19130208_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH V PADGATE AMATEUR.

At Stockton Heath on S-iturdtty. The Heathens started off with rare dash and nearly scored in the first few minutes. ferorn a free kick the home quintette obtained possession, and after a capital combined run opened their score, following a few minutes later with a second point. After the interval the visitors only played ten men, and adopted the one back game, throw- ing the home team c3mpletely off their game. The visitors, playing a bustling game, took a firm hold of the game, hut met a sound defence and time was fast drawing on when they scored their only point, the game ending : Stockton Heath, 2 goals ; Paclgate Amateurs, 1 goal, WIDNES AND DISTRICT ALLIANCE. GREAT SANKEY V. WIDNES ATHLETIC.

These teams who are in the running for championship honours, met on the Penketh Grounu before a record gate. In the firit half 'l' Whitfield scored for Sankey, and T Cook fol;owed this up with a really b. illiant goal A breakaway on the vi..sitor,i' right was well checked by H Payne. Interval : Great Sankey, two goals ; Widnes Athletic, nil. Immediately after the rostatt the locals tried to increase their lead, and the goal was subjected to a fieries of hot shots. Walton, in attempting to clear from T Cook, wits sandwiched between the latter and Haynes. T Whitfield just missed the bar witn a splendid header, and a minute later A Grainger sent in a fast drive, which Walton dived full length at and effected a great clearance. The locals kept pegging away and a perfect centre from W Booth was not fully cleared, and A Grainger, who was lying well up, gave Sankey their their goal, which gave Walton no chance. Result : Great Sankey, three goals ; Widnes Athletic, nil.

TO-DAY'S TEAM WIDNES AND DISTRICT ALLIANCE.

GREAT SANKEY V WIDNES CONIEINATION.—A Widnes to-day. Great Sankey team :—J Davenport, goal ; E Glover, sen., B J Kelly, full backs : E ulovor, jun., A Patten, 11 Payne, half backs ; E Darlington, T Whitfield, T Cow, (cant.), A Grainger, IN Booth, forwards. Reserve, F Millington.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

WARRINGTON WORI:INGNIEN'S ANGLING ASSOCIATION. (N.A. CENTRE)

This last week or so the conditions for angling have been rather bad. What with the rain and floods and rapid running streams, the angler has had little chance v‘ith the fish. The Gowy and Shropshire Union Canal have both been tried with poor results and we are now only waiting for better conditions to make a start on the set board. The membership at headquarters is improving weekly. A batch of 24 names was handed to the secretary last week-end. The Bay Horse will have a membership of ZO or over and the sets and specials will entice many more. The Cooper's Arms are also booking up members. Hero again is the making of a good society ; they bave several old hands at the helm to steer them through the season.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOW Y.

The few members who visited the Gowy met with poor results. There are times when we are crying out for a little colour in the water but at present we have had more than enough. It has quite upset all calcula- tions, and I know halts of every description have been used and the fish are still masters of the situation both at Little Barrow and the lower reaches by the Shaker Bridge. Angling is prohibited from Mr Hassall's land as is also the privilege of walking over the land to get to the deep holes by the Shaker Bridge. Those who wish to fish this part had better take the route by what is known as the " dirty lane," otherwise they will [lace to travel round by Stanney Brook if they fish co the near side to Chester and want to get down to the bottom end. This means about tbreequarters of an hour's walk,and one must know his way about to do it in that time. Of course Stepney Brook can be fished on the way down. Here some fine specimen dace have their haunts hut it does not seem to be popular like the lower reaches. Mr Hassell is to put up sign boards to warn anglers to keep off his meadows and we advise all members not to approach the fisheries in that direction, as the society will not be held responsible for them after this warning and ii, would save considerable inconvenience to the officials of the society if they take this warning in time. We hear it will only he closed for twelve months and anglers can rest assured that they are not the cause of it being closed this season. Mr Hassell has his own private reasons and he distinctly says that he has always found the angler only too willing to assist him in all matters, besides having several friends among them.

THE COOPERS ARMS SOCIETY.

A general meeting was held on Monday last, a good muster of members putting in appearance. Air F Trigger took the chair at 8 o'clock and a good night's business was gone through. Their was a slight altera- tion in the committee, Mr H Owen being elected in place of Mr Holloway. After a discussion of about flftsen minutes it was finally decided that all membErs of this branch join the club at headquarters. Thus members here are fully qualified to weigh for the centre club's match plizes and set prizes ; it will also save them going to the expense of buying contribution cards &c. They have collected a fine lot of prizes for the first year, which should entice mary anglers to throw in their lot with them. The specials collected are as follows :—Grayling 2s 63, roach 2s 6d and 25 Gd. dace 2s lid, daddy rtiffe 2s 6d, gudgeon 2s lid, smallest flounder 2s Gd, bream 2s Gd and 2s 6d, trout 2s Gd, perch 2s Gd and 2s Gd, pike 2s 6d, eel 2s 6d, chub 2s 6d, making a total of £1 178 Gd, not a bad lot of specials to be going on with, and their secretary informs me there are more to follow. A band of anglers of this description is bound to have a successful sesson, because each member throws in his lot for the club's welfare, and I sincerely trust it will not be long before I am reporting more progress through the 'Examiner."

f 4 r,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE BAY HORSE SOCIETY.

A general meeting took place on Monday when abciut 25 members put in an appearance. The Chairman emphasised the 'wed of all membels being sociable and urged them to encourage that feeling of trust with one another that goes far to rrake a new formed club a success. The next item was the set board prizes ; it was decided to make the sets 55., 3s. first, 2s second. The specimens selected are bream, roach, gudgeon, , dace,trout,chub,perch. These at 5s per set makes a total )f .£1 15s. Then came the specials and they must be one ,f the finest lots that has ever been put up for a new 'ormed society. The specials read i—ltoach ss, must )e caught within 30 miles radius ; dace ss, any water ; !oach ss, Norton ; bream ss, any water; chub 58, any water; trout ss, from the Gowy ; gudgenn ss, Norton; perch ss, any water; pike ss, any water; eel ss, any water ; flounders, ss, any water ; pike, pair of anglers boots to measure (last three species for ;:lose season prizes) ; set prizes and specials, making a total of .£4 10s.—This must be considered a great start for so young a club, and members ought not be hard to make. We noticed there were several fresh ones made at the meeting, and if the members only keep up this enthusiasm they are sure to make a big hit locally. I , am sure all affiliated clubs will have every encourage- ment from the headquarters to help them through their verir

===== 0002601_19130208_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19130208_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
The rules of all affiliated clubs, how and when they must pay subscriptions to the Centre Club at head- REV F. HIBBERT AT WARRINGTON. quarters; will be in next Saturday's" Examiner," there being a joint committee meeting this week to form a I -__ ruling that will suit all secretaries. Industrialism and Church Attendance.

NOTICE.

A general meeting will be held at headquarters, Gladstone Arms, on Monday night, February Mil, at 8 o'clock. Members from affiliated clubs may attend, as the business concerns them as much as centre members. There is a big programme to be got through, and the meeting will start promptly at 8 clock. FISHING IN NEW ZEALAND.

According to reports to hand from New Zealand, which is generally recognised by anglers as being the finest country in the world for trout fishing, this seison promises to provide splendid sport for the followers of Izaac Walton. " The °tura River is full of trout " states Mr C Wal'nut, of the Government Tourist Department, the local acclimatisation society having been steadily stocking the river with yearling trout for some years, with the result that it now contains trout rp to 30 inches in length. Similar reports come from Tearoha and liakahi, and the Waikato River is said to be yielding better sport then ever, whi-Ar is saying a great deal. Since the opening of the season at the Lake Taupo splendid fishing has been obtained. The fish are in excellent condition and a record season is anticipated. One party recently took 107 fish weighing 634 lbs in four nays. The most successful party, however, was three gentlemen, who in three days secured 116 fish weighing 7421b5, a record for the lake.

Mr J A Carney, fishing at the north side of the Rangitata mouth on Thursday night and Friday morn- ing, landed 19 fish, the two largest weighing 71b each. An tinuscal feature of the catch was the landing of two fish from one cast, one on minnow. weighing 51bs, and the other on a fly, weighing 3Dhs. Mr Carney states that the trout are more plentiful this season than for the last six years.

"I think the growth of our modern industrial system INas more to do with the indifference of people to churches, than anything else," said the Rev. F. Hibbert, of Southpurt (and formerly of Blackburn) at a special service held under the auspices of the War- rington and District Free Churcn Council, in the, Friars Green Independent Methodist Church, on Thurs- day evening. A well-attended service was conducted in the afternoon and in the evening there was another fair attendance when the principal speakers were the Rev J Gwilym Jones (St. Helens), Rev Fred Hibbert (Southport), and Mr C E Parker, J.P. The Rev A Harvey, of Widnes, preided at the outset of the meet- ing, in the absence of Mr Parker, who did not return from London until the first seeaker had addressed the congregation. " One of the special tasks lying ahead of us,is that of organising the Empire," was one of the Rev J G Joss' opening sentences. It was not the first time in the march of history that the task of organising an Empire had devolved upon the people. In the first century of our Christian era that was precisely the task which confronted the citizens of Rome. The problem they had to solve was 'how to bind together into one grand and harmonious whole, the far-sundered lands and many diverse peeples over which they held sway." That was their problem end it was ours to-day, only the problem which confronted us was a more complex and more urgent one. We were not merely concerned with the externals of the problem but with its inner implications and issues. Our task was not merely to organise an Empire, but to organise and create a society—which should not only connote a common citizenship but a common brotherhood. Our deepest problems were not those which separated East from West, or White ' from Black, but those which separated man from man, clan from clan, and creed from creed. Ours was not merely ti. political problem, it was an economic and social and a relieious problem. How were we to solve it ? Could the first century help us here. He must confess that he was profoundly impressed by the way in which the statesmen of ancient Rome sought to solve the pressing problems of their day. It had,he was quite sure, meaning and significance for us. They wanted to weld the scattered units of their vast Empire into one visible and tangible whole. They took the person of their Emperor and deified his person and made of him a God. They sot him upon a sacred pedestal and ordained that all their subject peoples should worship him. He was not concerned with the ethical or with the religious aspect of this solution. He knew how it _ _ SHOOK TO THE VERY FOUNDATIONS. _

r the early Christian communities. To bend the knee to Clesar was impossible for those who bent the knee to Christ. He wanted them to note that those Roman statesmen in search of a unifying consolidating principle, found it in the appeal to the religious sentiment in man, in the appeal to the religious faculty in human nature. All the subjects . became one in the worship of Cesar. The significance 'of that had a meaning for us of this 20th century. We too were in search of a unifying consolidating principle. We were weary of our divisions, of our estrangements, and our antagonisms. We were weary of the deep fissures and the broad yawning gulfs of our modern world. We were seeking some principle of cohesion, some principle of solidarity, some magic power which would enable us to bridge our ugly differences and to bury our ugly enmities. We must look in the same direction as did the patriots and politicians of Rome. We, too, must make our appeal to the religious senti- ment in man and the religious faculty in human nature, only witti the vital difference that where they had put CLesar we must put Christ, and where they put the Empire we must put the whole world. He was pro- foundly persuaded that the bottom need of our world to-day was a vision of the mystical transcendental, kingly Christ. The bottom need of the world to-day was to see Him high over all, yet in all. Where no vision was the people perished. The waggon tarried , that was not hitched to a star, and the waggon of our modern and multi-complex civilization was tarrying because it needed to be hitched to the Star of Bethlehem.

A stirring and inspiring address was given by the Rev Fred Hibbert who said they heard a great del to-day of the decadence of churches and they all lamented that people did not attend church as they should do. (Hear, hear.) There was one point about it arid that was that by looking too much after those who did not go to church they were apt to over look those who did go. There was no disputing the fact that our churches were not holding their own as they would like them to do. Alongside of that they had the fact that the spirit of Christ was more powerful and more operative to-day than ever it had been during all the Christian centuries. The Christian spirit was making itself manifest in every department of life in a way which it had never done before. (Hear, hear.) , Alongside that, they had the decadenca of the power of the Church. There were a number of reasons which could be given to explain in some degree the indiffer- ence of the people to the Church and the decadence of Churche's power. For example, there was the growth of the scientific spirit in our day which had taken away a great deal of the authority and poser or the preacher, and the authority and power of the Church. People had learned through the growth of the scientific spirit to inquire for themselves and to ask for a reason why things are, and why things are said to be. Thirty five years ago the authority and power of the preacher was very different to what it was to day. Personally, he thought it was a very good thing that the power of the minister had gone—he meant in the way it used to be regarded. The spirit of criticism and inquiry which had made a man inquire and ask questions had also come into the pulpit. For a long time now, the pulpit had not been speaking with the authority it used to do. If a man showed that he had the courage of his own convictions there he would be listened to. They had been preaching a great deal of "perhaps " which was in no way desirable. He also thought the growth of our modern industrial system had had more to do with the indifference of people to church than anything else. The application of steam to productive industries bad made this country of ours increase in wealth beyond all dreams of avarice. The result was that the individuals had got wealthier. Wealth bad increased by leaps and bounds and

MILLIONAIRES WERE No \V BECOMING COMMON. A time of prosperity was always a time of great common danger. Great wealth produced great luxury, and greet luxury resulted in atheism ; not the atheism of not believing there was a God, but the atheism that left God and religion out of the count. They found now, that Sunday was becoming a day of entertainment for the wealthy people. They played golf, tennis, and went motoring. The top end of the scale, through wealth and luxury, developed a spirit of indifference which got them out of touch with the churches. They had come to feel the power of money, but they had lest the feel of the spiritual things which they could not see. (Hear, hear.) At the lower end of the scale he believed the condition of the ordinary people was neves better than to-day. There had seen a great upward movement. He was also sure there never was a time when the pressure of life on a great many people was so hard as it was to-day. Within this country with all its wealth they hail millions of people living on the border line of poverty, and a good number below it. When they considered the enormous pressure of life and the struggle there was to keep body and soul together they could understand when he said that numbers of people had neither the time or the inclination to con- sider the spiritual life. Work was also becoming less interesting. (Hear, hear.) Through the growth of competition and the development of industries it was becoming necesssry to specialise in processes of pro- duction. Work, through the process of specialisation was becoming monotonous and uninteresting, with the result that men must have some other outlook to stimulate interest. They could not spend all their lives without something interesting and exciting, hence,they had the enormous rage for pleasure and tremendous crowds of people going to see football matches. 'I hose things were the direct result of our industrial system tending in the directions in which it had gone. Those, to him, were some simple reasons why the churches were not holding, their own end not keeping in close touch with the minds and hearts of the pevle. Such a state of affairs was calling them to action in certain directions. He believed there never was a time in the history of the world when the work of the Christian Church was needed more so than to-day. (Ilear, hear.) And there was nothing in our society to-day that could take the place of the Christian Ceurch as the manufactory of Christian character. (Hear hear.) They were not Christians because they belonged to a church; they belonged to the church because they were Christians. They also took sacrament because they were Christians, and were not Chriqi..ns ho3Aus3 they took sacrament, The Free Church Council movement arose out of the realisation of that truth that religion was separate from everything else. They did not want united churches but a united Christendom, all of them being loyal to their own churches and realising and feeling that although they marched in different regiments they all made one great army and were loyal to the one Captain. One of the great obstacles to progress of the Church was the ecclesiastical and denominational differences which

were so prominent. They should bring the churches together in one fellowship, brotherhood and federation that God's Kingdom might come on earth as it is in Heaven. (Applause). Mr C E PARKER. said ho did not think

.

interested in the Free Church movement. He recognised its weakness and its limitations brit he thought it had done a great work in creating a better spirit amongst them. (Hear, hear.) There was the spirit of unity amongst them, and it was only in so far as they realised the great importance of the central truth of Christ's mission that the other things shrank into comparative insignificance, and out of that spirit would come the closer union of the churches. He trusted they %%mild throw their hearts into the Free Church work in Warrington, because it stood for a great deal in regard to the consolidation and eff 3ctive influence of Free Churches in Warrington and the district.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

"Kit Carson."

The two essentials of a good drama—a large amcunt of sensationalism and enough humour to relieve the heavier aspects, to a certain degree—are found in Dottridge, Longden and Liell's presentation of the popular drama " Kit Carson, the blind detective," which has attracted large audiences to the Royal Court Theatre during the week. It is a capital story of love, hatred, and revenge, incidentally depicting life in the under-world. In the title role Mr John Millward is highly successful, his acting being power- ful yet polished. Miss Georgette Thierry shares equally the honours in her capital delineation of Norah Patterson, the widow. She infuses real life into the part and is very successful in the scene where she is confronted by her husband whom she suppoi;ed was dead. Mr Charles If Longden is the typical "bruiser" in the character of Ned Patterson, the revengeful, escaped convict. Mr Edward Vivian is a clever actor and as Mervyn Fitzroy, the swell thief soon earns the execrations of the audience. It is be who is pitted ! against the detective and some exciting situations are witnessed. Miss Marie Loni,den solicits with success the sympathies of the audience as Jack Patterson, the happy-go-lucky schoolboy. Mr Henry Deane as Jim Poole. is a useful foil in the hands of Fitzroy and he plays the part in a telling mancer. Miss Cathleen Cavanagh makes him a capital partner in her repre- sentation of the difficult character of" Deaf Annie. ' The other characters are well sustained and the stag- ing of the drama is excellently carried out..

===== 0002601_19130208_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA ON NECK AND HEAD.

10, Dover Mansions, Canterbury-road, Brixton, S.W., Eng.--" I suffered with eczema at the back of the neck and head, causing my hair to come out very much. There was a thick rash with intense irritation, both of which increased as time went on, causing great pain, itching, burning and discomfort, making sleep almost impossible night or day. "I first tried lotion which, thcugh cool- ing, did no real good. I then saw the advertisement of Cuticura Soap and Ointment and wrote for a sample to be sent. I purchased a large tablet of Cuticura Soap and some Cuticura Ointment and used them regularly at night, bathing the affected parts with the Cuticura Soap and hot water, and then gently applying the Cuticura Oint- ment with the tip of the finger, and in the morning again washing with the Cuticura Soap and hot water. The attack lasted about three months and was quite cured after using the Cuticura Soap and Ointment six weeks, and my hair quite ceased to come out." (Signed) Mrs. Fanny Wooldridge, July 24, 1912. Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold by chemists everywhere. A sample of each with 32-p book post- free from nearest depot Newbery, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London; R. Towns & Co.. Sydney, N.S.W.; Lennon, Ltd., Cape Town; Muller, Maclean J.: Co., Calcutta and Bombay; " Cuticura." Boston, U.S.A. Tender-faced men should shave with Cuticura Scap Shaving Stick. Sample free.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL PROVINCIAL BANK OF . ENGLAND, LIMITED.

The annual general meeting of this hank was held on Thursday at 15, Bishopsgate, E.C. Mr M 0 Fitzgerald, who presided, said that no one could maintain that the year 1912 had been dull or devoid of feature. Here at home we had bud constitutional and social legislation of the first importance,vvhile trade had been distracted by two prolonged labour strikes. Abroad the Turco- Italian War was only brought to an end in order that one of the combatants—Turkey—might engage in a far more doiperate struggle with her neighbours in Europe. In the Far East, too, the unsettled state of China he, given cause for much anxiety. In spite of the, (118- turbing obstables, the tide of the world's cummerce, reinforced no doubt by the fine harvests in Eastern Europe and in North and South America, had continued to flow in increasing volume, and had indeed risen to an unprecedented height. With regard to their own business, naturally the activity of trade had caused a persistent demand for credit, and rates for loans and discounts bad been well maintained through- the year. In the second six months the war between Turkey and the Balkan Allies brought about pro- nounced stringency in more than one European centre, and it remained to be seen bow far, when the moratorium in Central Europe expired, creditors in those countries would be able to meet their liabilities. The war expenditure had caused a great wastage of capital ; there were large floating debts await- ing a favourable opportunity to find a per- manent home ; trade continued abnormally active, and the more backward countries were being developed with increasing enterprise. All these indications pointed to a vei y large and sustained demand for capital, and after making allowance for some hoarding on the Continent owing to fear of war, there were not wanting signs that the demand was over- taking the supply. On the other hand, the supply which was maintained to a large extent by the savings of the thrifty, was being seriously cut into by the heavy and ever-increasing taxation and the unproductive expenditure of almost all Governments. In our ovsn case about is lid of every £ of taxes was expended on the naval and military services. This demand for capital had naturally enhanced its value, and the higher rates which had obtained for money were reflected in the figures which the directors had the pleasure to present that day. The profits of the Bank showed an increase of £57,000; the deposits had also increased during the year by £2,700,000, and the advances by £2,000,000. rho disheartening feature again was the continued depreciation of gilt-edged securities, obliging them to provide a sum of £199,000. There was one small crumb of comfort in this continual writing down, and that was that it increased the rate of interest earned by the securities so written down. This increase of rates now amounted to something tangible and would be a distinct benefit in years to come especially should there be a prolonged period of cheap money. To the future they could look forward with confidence. Their new branches were almost without exception giving good promise, and the bank was man excellent position to do justice to the increasing busines3 which they might confidently lock for. The report vraa enasimeusly adopted.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
EARL POWIS'S ESTATE TO BE SOLD.

Lord Powis has decided to dispose privately of the Montford Estate, Shrewsbury, which extends to 5,577 acres.

500,000• TON CONTRACT.

Swedish State railway contracts for coal amounting to 530,000 tons were allotted on the Newcastle-on-Tyne Exchange on Thursday. The price per ton was 14s 9d, and the contracts were divided almost equally between Newcastle and Scotland.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
CRISIS IN THE OPIUM TRAFFIC. FORCED ON CHINA BY THE BAYONET.

" This public me-ting believing that the growth and manufacture of opium in India tor export to China is a grievous wrong and a serious hindrance to friendly relations with that Empire, urges upon his Majesty's Government that without delay China be formally released from a reaty obligations to admit Indian opium, and that the connection of the Indian Govern- ment with tbe opium trade for other than medical pur- poses be brought to an end."—Such was the resolution passed unanimously by a large assembly in the Friends' Meeting House, Buttermarket-street, on Tuesday evening. Mr Noel Broomhall (of the Anti-Opium League) gave an interesting lecture illustrated by limelight views, on the subject of the opium curse, and it was on his proposition that the resolution was passed The Rev W CoorEit, who presided, said there were many reasons why they ought to have a meeting of that description. First of all they ought to take some steps in the matter to clear the way for our missionaries in China. They went over there to preach the Gospel and introduce the Bible, yet the people whom they met could rather sarcastically remind them that the very country which had sent them had also imposed the curse of opium upon them. That curse was, to China, as bad as the curse of alcohol was to us in England. (Hear, hear.) For that reason, if for no other, we ought to take some steps in the matter. (Applause). Mr BRoomirALL prefaced his lecture by remarking that he thought it was necessary that someone should go about to inform the people of this country how terribly connected our Ciovernruent was with this matter and how responsible we were as a nation for the opium evil. Many excellent lantern slides were shown depicting the manufacture of opium from the poppy plant to the actual smoking of the drug. Other pictures illustrated the evil effects opium smoking had on its devotees. Opium smoking prevailed not only in China but large quantities of the drug were used in French Cochin China, Burma, and other countries. The population of China was 400,000,000. Surely when we considered what trouble we had with our temper- ance reform in our little island, it should give us great sympathy with China in her gigantic work of opium reform. (Hear. hear.) The anti-opium crusade in this country had done much to rid China of this curse. We had gone to war with China over the opium question and they had been known as opium wars. China had known for 400 years what the evil effects of opium were and she had tried to check it. The duty was fixed at 10 per cent on the value of the drug at first, but a few yearn ago China was allowed to increase it to 20 per cent. We, in this country put 50 per cent and 100 per cent on some of the tea which we imported, yet China was forbidden to put a heavier duty than 20 or 20 per cent on opium. It was high time she was released from the abominable treaty. Opium ruined health and shortened the life of the smoker. Tne question with regard to the opium traffic was one upon which all the churches were agreed„ that it was a sin against God and against man. The Chinese amongst themselves, had anti-opium societies and their endeavour was to persuade the young from starting to smoke the dreaded drug. Archdeacon Woolf° had said "that the devil could not have invented a more pernicious device than opium smoking for ruining life, body and soul." The craving for opium was far more intense than that for alcohol and it was far worse to give it up. If a smoker tried to give it up without medical aid, he ran the risk of losing his life. Children could buy opium in India as easily as children in this country could obtain sweets. Opium pills were given by the mothers of India to quieten their children. It was high time some drastic steps were taken in order to free China from a curse which was ruining her sons and daughters. He proposed the resolution which would be sent to the Right Hon Sir Edward Grey, Foreign Office, Right Hon Earl of Crewe, India Office ; Right Hon H Harcourt, Colonial Office ; Mr Bonar Law and Mr Harold Smith, M.P.

Mr 3 A RANSOME seconded the resolution, and the Rev W COOPER, in supportieg, said we had forced the traffic on China at the point of the bayonet. He trusted that the English conscience would be roused on the matter and that before long the business would be brought to an end. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19130208_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT NEW .SCHEME In Warrington. Medicine Given Free.

The following remarkable scheme is now in I Tee in Warrington. All day, and every day until Monday next,February 10th,a nurse is in attendance at Messrs. Boots, Catl Chemists, corner of Sankey-street and Bridge-street, W arrington, to give free doses of Veno's Lightning Cough Cure and Veno's Seaweed Tonic to all ‘N ho call.

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the farfamed remedy for all Throat, Chest, and Lung Troubles, which is sold the world over and recommended by many doctors. Veno's Seaweed Tonic is guaranteed to cure the most aggravated form of Stomach, Liver, Kidney, and Blood Diseases, and the cures which are daily announced are of such an extraordinary character as to excite deep and widespread interest. All suffering persons are requested to call immedi- ately and test these remedies free. They can be pur- chased afterwards at ls. IA. and 28. 9d. of any chemist. Don't hesitate to call. All are welcome. Last day for free doses, Monday next, February 10th.

GOLF.

THE WARRINGTON CLUB. CAPTAIN'S COMPETITION.

The monthly competition for the captain's priz3 was played on SAturday, when Mr R Airey qualified in the first division Sill Mr Lofthouse in the second division. cores:—

===== 0002601_19130208_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST DI VISION.

G. 11. N. R H Airey E L Robinson B7 S 79 J W Bibby J M Murray ' G Ireland Blaekburns lOl 10 01. SECOND DIVISION.

0 Lof thouse

G. TT. N. . 104 19 s 5

FOR

===== 0002601_19130208_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST HOUSE COAL

NUTS 81 SLACK, WASHED

NUTS, BEANS & PEAS

_ our denominational system was accomplishing what it ought to do and what Christ pur- posed that His church should do when he founded it. The only matter which was dividing the churches was some small point of doctrine,some differ- ence in church gover.ment. Putting them by them. selves, the differen ia the churches might seem important but vie‘+ them in view of the great purpose of Christ's coming in the world and the great central idea of redemptive schemes, and those things shrank into comparative in significance. He, like the previous speaker, did not think they should all become one church. (Hear, hear.) That was very far off and he did not think desirable. At the present time, be thought we carried our denominationalism too far and it could only be effective in so far as we realised the relative importance of things which bound us together Ind that was the reason WES' beer

CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS LTD.,

Colliery Proprietors, DALLAM LANE, WARRINGTON. All inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent.

EA' . & TOA,: IN A JIF .. ;3 ...... , :.; ..•‘° i ' OASTER ~,,, c..40„,0t,,,c,t,,,,. b. PUT IT sOpiNprrYO.UP .............................. Note Address: DEPT. 3 P.M., 68 VICTORIA ST.. S.W.

gßOwra ..'S fo, COugHs 0t.05, oRONCHIAL

wo ,A, R HOA R s Ss. - Sold everywhere, $/ E

6ST--f4 ' INFLUENZP'

&c.

Per bat

iLLS,I.I,II; S BLANCHARD'S PILLS

Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, &c, they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate all suffering. " BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all pills for Women." Sold in boxes, 1/11 by BOOTS' Branches, TAYLOR'S DRUG Co. Branches and all Chemists, or post free, same price from Leslie Martyn, Ltd. Chemists, 34, Dalston Lane, London. Free Sample and valuable Booklet, post free. Id. stamp.

These tiny Capsules relieve Fidnoy and Bladder Trouble in forty-eight hours. Each 7lacsule bears the name "Blidy." 3old by all Chemists, or post, free 3s. 6d., from WILCOX it CO. (Dept 50)

r

w.' .. , , , ,sA,NTAL, , , , ~ A'i I Di , .. _ whv _l2 ;.;$; 1 .. - .11 _.. . niljl

===== 0002601_19130208_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
..............1 n .....-...n1 , , .1' .. .I , t ; . • r. :i4 ,1 • 1 'l. 1: `1

===== 0002601_19130208_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
i tf:,., i , .., 1 ' '

===== 0002601_19130208_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
i 0.,,,,. ' '. _ 4---

===== 0002601_19130208_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES EOUN D. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... (;d. is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 38. 9d. _

24 ... Od. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od.. 32 ... le. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... is. Gd. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 38. Id. ... ss. Od. ... Bs. 9d. 48 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants etc

WANTED, good GENERAL.—AppIy 13, MILNER AVENUE, Bury.

WANTED, COOK-GENEKAL at once.—Apply Mrs. RAPER, Royal Hotel, Burscough, Ormskirk NATANTED, a GENERAL for Public Business; no washing.—Apply 96, BOLTON RD., Blackburn.

tilENtAtAi , at once; 3 in family; Stuart. reliable.- 1-X "SHERWOOD," Prospect rd.. Prenton, Bilkenhead.

WAN I'ED at once good CrbN ERAL, about SO.— Apply OLD MANOR Elousit, Maghull, nr. Liver- pool,

WANTED GENERAL ; protestant; about 18; no cooking.-17, YORK AVENUE, Sefton Park, ,001.

Liver]

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL; good wages paid to suitable person.—Apply, 6,VVELD RD, Birkdale, Southport.

_ . WANTED, good Strong GENERAL, good home for respectable girl. —MONKM IN, 36, Sanderson et., Queen's rd., Manchester.

NVANTED superior SERVANT 6 ; good places and wages.—Apply Miss ROBINSON, 74, Greame at. Alexandra Park, Manchester. WANTED COOK GENERAL family three no heavy washing; State age salary and reference to CUMBRIA, Morecambe. -

WAN IED, good GENERAL,oIeen, reliable,willing; with good reforenom—Apply PuArr, Elazledene, South Drive, St. Anne&

WANTED Young GENERAL; no cooking; good home and laages.--32, MAYFIELD RD., Whalley e, Manchester.

Rftnj

IVANTED, strong, respectable GIRL, about 18, as GENERAL; character essential.—Apply 49, Bo UVERIE ST., Chester.

WAN FED, experiew•ed COOK-UENE.BAL (gond plain) ; also HOUSE-PARLOURMAID.-28, WESTBOURNR RD, Southport. "WANTED, SITUATION as HOUSEKEEeEIt ; farm or private.—Address by letter, M.B. 20, Glazebrook at., Warrington.

WANTED, WOK-UENhitAL ; Housemaid kept wages £24_, _• no washing.—Miss HUDSON, 104, Buttermarket at., Warrington. WANTED COOK-GENERAL (young), family two; housemaid kept. —Apply by letter, Miss RYLAND% The Gables, Thelwall.

WAN.VED, experienced biENERAL ; wages £24; no washine.—Apply, Miss HIM.SON, 104, Buttermarket et., Warrington.

CARNERAL, SERVANT WANTED; family two; smnll house; good wages paid to capable girl.— Apply tiAsium, Styal, near Wilmslow.

WANrED, good GENERAL; about 20; house- work, washing; 3 in family; good references. —B, GROBY RD., Choriton-cum-Hardy.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL; good wages; small family (3) ; Housemaid-waitress kept.—Mrs WADSWORTH, The Nook, Bowdon. Cheshire.

WANTED COOKS, Housemahls, and all kinds of Domestics, suited daily at Miss HUDSON'S REGISTRY, 104, Buttermarket St.., Warrington.

WANTED, Strong GIRL, age about 17; no washing —Apply any evening after seven, HOLLY BANK, Marlboro Cres .ent, Latchford Without, Warrington. WANTED,GENERAL (superior) immediately ; two children ; no washing ; wages 18.--c,'2o ; good references required.—Apply, Mrs ANDERTON, Cleveden, Lees rd., Braruhall. near Stockport.

CANADA.--bMtVANTS WAINTr.D deposit 10s. remainder advanced; situation.guaranteed ; stamp for partieulars.—CßOSSLlCY'S SERV ANTS REGISTRY Halifax.

WANTED imrnediatAly superior GENERAL for Southport; also COOK-GENERAL for Bolton —Mrs. NtrrTALL, 2B, Duke at.. Bolton.

%VAN TED, SERVANTS requiring good situation, V should write to Mrs. WHITWORTH, Select Registry, 302. Manchester rd., Rochdale.

WANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, good situa- tion, near Warrington, wages £lB.—Miss HUDSON, 101, Buttermarket sr,. Warrington.

WANTED.—Servants requiring good SIMUATION S st once, should write to Mrs. KNIGHT, Select Registry, 54, Church st., Eccles, nevi.. Manchester.

, WANTUD, COOK, also House-Parlourmaid for Wigan; family 2 • state age and wages, reference also wanted.—Apply gox JO, " Examiner " Office. Warrington.

WANTED, a strong, trustworthy, willing. good sharp worker as GENERAL; good references required; age 20 to 25.—Apply 56, 1100 Git GREEN, Chester.

Ili" ANTED, GIRL (clean, steady, 16, Protestant) for a country place; few cows kept ; good zeference.—Mrs. JACKSON, Fern Bank, Yealand Redmayne, via Carnforth.

_ NITAMED, HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS ; two ia family,. Housemaid kept; also experienced GOOK-GENERALS; good wage.—Miss METCALFE, 6(), Bank at., Bolton, Tel. 626.

IATANTED.—For reliable MAIDS and good Situa- tions try BRIEFIELD AGENCY, 24, Bondgate. Darlington. Free to maids ; ladies pay when suited '3i 6d ; book your wants now.

"WANTED, superior GENERAL; no wathing ; no cooking ; good wages ; from country preferred. —Apply with references, 50, UPPER PARLIAMENT ST., Liverpool. Private House.

WYANTED Under DONIESTIC SERVANTS, NURSE-HOUSEMAID at once, one baby ; good reference essential.—LAwsoN, 29, Moorfield rd., West Didsbury, Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, goed • wages £18; family four ; two children (6 and 3 years) ; governess kept: woman wash ; good home for good girl.—Apply Mrs BROWNE, Kilmorey, Trentham, nr. Stol,e-on-Trent.

wANTED COOKS, Cook-(ienerals, Parlourmaids, Housemaid-Waitresses, Generals, for Manchester, St Amiss, Blackburn and District ; reliable situations ; good wages.—Mrs CiraDwicK, 134, Newbauk rd., Blackburn.

AUSTRALIA.—Farmers and Farm Hands, Mothers Helps and Single Female Domestic Servants urgently required. Situations absolutely guaranteee. Good wages. Splendid prospects. Reduced fares.— Apply JOHN E. RIDGWAY, LTD.BO, FiShOrgfae, Preston,' 3 Piccadilly. Manchester.

WANTED, 20 DONI ES fICS (Generals) from thi district for Canada • must have good refer- ences ; work guaranteed. Now organising Spring— Summer Conducted Parties. Fares advanced if required. Salvation Army has unequalled organisation in Canada and Lodges specially designed for young women on arrival. Write or call. Head Office address: COMMISSIONER LAMB, 122, Queen Victoria St., London, or Branches 170 a, London rd Liverpool, and 100, _Cleansgate, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Medical.

itATHY Remain a Sufferer? LINDON'S REMARK- ABLE OFFER TO ALL RHEUMATIC SUFFERERS. Since Mr. Lindon has decided to put his rheumatic cure on the market, he has been inundated with applications for his remedy and is now forwarding a three weeks supply for the nominal charge of two shillings. If you have tried other remedies and have obtained no relief do not despair, but send at once to L. LINDON, 22, Coronation Cresent, Dukinfield, Cheshire

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

LEAVE been universally admitted to be a Bonn to JUL Womankind. They are the beat known REmedy for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. lid. 2s. 9d. 6cl. and Us. (Sample sent free).. Only address :- 309, PORTOBELLO RD.,NOTTING HILL„ LONDON

Hotels Hy dros, Boarding Houses

ir ON DON.—Norfolk Hall Hotel, 187. Euston rd., close Euston, King's Cross, St. Pancras Railway Stations Bed, attendance, breakfast, 3s. Gd. and 4s. 6d. ; highly recommended.—A. C. YOUNG, Proprietor. Telegraphic address " Rodneydom, London."

LONDON.-WILD'S HOTEL. FIRST-CLASS TEMPERANCE. 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Central for Business and Pleasure. Electric Lift. HOME COMFORTS, CLHANLINESS, AND QUIET

Aimrtments, Furnished Houses, &c

DYSERTH, N. WALES, Health Resort, Sunny, sheltered, rnonntain. and sea air ; board-residence 17s. Gd. weekIy.—WILKINSON, Chnlmleigh Villa.

LONDON Visitors.—Bed and Breakfast from 2s. 6d- single, 3s. 6d. double ; board optional ; comfort- able.—OOßTNEß, Handel House, 18, Bendel at., Bruns wick square, London, W.C.

Miscellaneous On sale, etc.

riIIEETH repaired, however broken 2s. 6d.; post in .I- any small box.—HoLMEs, Dental Surgery, Sale.

pIANO, Burr Walnut, 'wanly new, llgns only; 1 splendid tone.-62, ST. MARY ST., Warrington.

HIGH-CLASS Gas Mantles. Send 2s. sample doz. upright or inverted.—Read'ai Stores, Leominster

Dog Medals, stamped any addrets, brass or Nickel Send P.O. 7d to J Yates. 40, Bolton rd., Walkden.

Wanted.

L.ADIES Hairconibings, Old False Hair, bought 4d to A-41 6d per oz.—Granville, Shakespeare yard, Halifax

GR EA T MUSIC SALE—ASTONISHING BARGAINS IN MUSIC. THOUSANDS OF SONGS, PIECES, BOOKS, Etc. CATALOGUES FREE. DEPT 28, MOON S: SONS, PLYMOUTH.

To be Let.

Shares.

Money.

Education.

Horses, Carriades, Live Stock. &c

Shuns, Businesses, etc.

1)R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHOLRODYNE.

The old and tried remedy that sto the test of two generations.

1)R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE

Invaluable for

COUG.HS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,NEURALGIA.

REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME: Is. ILd., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d, the prices

DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

CHLORODYNE.

Sales by Auction

By Messrs. BROWN & BROWN.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA.

PRICE 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 tnd 2/8 per lb. THE

NATIONAL TEA CO.,

16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

ALSO IN OTHER rowNs.

The Cheques given with the Tea may be

exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent.

rfEAD3 ESTABLIS IDIENT :

%ad 151, Friargate, Preston.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY FEBRUARY 8, 1913.

Although the general • G. 8.5." AND THE position in the fight for SPEAKER. women's suffrage is that of anti-climax following the decease of the Franchise Bill and its amendments, there is none of that apathy abroad which usually follows on the morrow of a crisis which has been as inde- cisive as it 11i been disappointing. Indeed, both the supporters and opponents of votes for women seem to have derived renewed vigour from renewed opportunity, and the question is still, perhaps, the liveliest feature of the politics of the moment. Mr Bernard Shaw, too, has made a characteristic sort of entry into the fray—an entry and no entry- Protesting that he "shall not meddle," and that it "had better be left to the women," " G.B 5.," nevertheless writes to the Queen's Hall meeting to indicate what he should have said had he decided to take the platform. So we have to deal with a speech and no speech, and with an attack on the Speaker which Mr Shaw did not make! " G. 8.5." has no scruples in accusing the Speaker of gross par- tiality in his decision that the women's amendments were out of order, and it is sig- nificant that this is the first noteworthy criticism of the kind which has been made during the fight. Many hold that the Speaker's ruling was not correct. It has been left to Mr Shaw—in a speech which he "should have made "—to allege insincerity. There is no need for us, or for anybody else, to take up the cudgels on behalf of Mr Speaker Lowther. Parliament nor People require no convincing on this matter. Meanwhile, the

various groups in the suffrage camps are pur- suing their diverse courses. Some are con- sidering the Prime Minister's offer for next session, others are demanding a Government measure, and others again are smashing win- dows. What can be the outcome of such a futile pother? Probably it must court further disappointment and defeat. There is plenty of enthusiasm, plenty of activity, and plenty of heat; but the one thing lacking is the elementary condition of success or of appreci- able progress—co-ordination and co-opera- tion. A united, determined, and well-ordered campaign by the combined forces which demand the vote for women would increase public sympathy, and strengthen the hands of a Parliament which prpbablv possesses a potential. majority in favour of women's enfranchisement.

There is reasonable PARR HALL hope that the Corpora- ORGAN. tion will shortly under- take the provision of a new organ in Parr Hall. Though consider- able opposition was manifested at Tuesday's Council meeting, there was a good majority- in favour of a re-consideration of the Sub- Committee's proposals, and the Mayor pledged himself to bring the matter to a head. It is a strong argument that while so much is being done in the way of providing----" facilities for the outdoor recreation of the people, the Council has long been deaf to the legitimate claim of those who look upon indoor music as one of the delights and solaces of a busy and possibly humdrum life. The Corporation owns Parr Hall, and it is not treating tenants of that building fairly to debit them with the use of an organ which is admittedly inefficient and beyond repair.A modern instrument would be a boon to the public and a means of increasing not only the love of music, but the usefulness of the building which Alderman Tinnion unkindly calls a "white elephant." During the debate there was some pertinent criticism of the Musical Society, and the suggestion that it needs democratising is one that merits more than passing notice.

The Town Council still TOWN COUNCIL maintains a policy of AND PROPERTY secrecy in regard to PURCHASING, its rather numerous purchases of property. We can well understand that while negotia- tions are in progress, the fewer people who are "in the know " and the better. But when a price has been agreed upon, then we think that both the Council and the public have a right to the information. There were several items on the private agenda (this in itself a modern innovation) before Tuesday's Council meeting, which related to property purchasing. Prices were stated in print for the information of the Council,but not for the press or the public. Councillors Pemberton and Lash ford attempted to introduce a discussion on one of the bargains, but were ruled out of order by the Mayor after a discreditable scene, which will make amusing reading for the cynic, but which was degrading for any public body. It appears to us that the two CouncillOrs were quite within their rights under Standing Order 42, and we are inclined to question the wisdom of his Worship the Mayor in over-ruling this Order, which specifically' states that "no property shall be purchased by any official or Committee without the sanction of the Council." It is a fact .that the bulk of opinion in the Council was on the side of the Mayor, but it certainly seems that "the sanction of the Council" must be considered a mere empty form of words in regard to purchases of property. If no individual councillor has .the right to question the propriety or price of purchases on the point of being concluded, how is he to fulfil his trusteeship for the ratepayers ?

Time was when the THE LICENSING Warrington Licensing SESSIONS. Sessions were the occasion of mighty con- flicts between temperance reformers and "the trade," but yesterday's proceedings were quite uneventful. It is a cause for satis- faction that the magistrates are steadily pursuing the policy of reducing licences, so , far as the compensation fund will allow. Both justices and police seem to have set their faces against the granting of any new licences and the only application which came before them yesterday—for an off- licence to sell bottled beer on brewery premises—was refused, in the absence of any quid pro quo in the form of surrenders. The report of the Chief Constable, with its tell-tale statistics, does not make pleasant reading for those who wish Warrington to rank as a sober town. Of ten northern towns, Warrington stands second in the blackness of its record of the number of persons proceeded

1

-7th, epthu t. we go as ev, Georh PlOa-k 'case ( Xing and tc therm- Xnow

U

Our orriril sental

In / Ineeti entert 0f the late,

An a -,y: linPro 4.heate( Lion. ,reuh the ai and h

eel; Warr but t hon _,se one oi obtair Count and t( Villb fashic

e pur- con- ' next

lment

;uch a irther )lenty )lenty is the

preci-

)pera-

-dered which crease

hands sses a

mable -pora- alder- )n of a sider- sday's jority

Sub- Vlayor r to a dole so )f the to the upon s and life. d it is fairly which Dair.A to the

only- >f the :indly lebate Df the :hat it more

[1 still icy of rd to ierous

perty. gotia- a who But ?n we public were

this in ;day's Terty it for or the )erton .oduce gains,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET

iaolek TO FIND

against for drunkenness. The figures work out at 7.92 per 1,000 of the population while in ißurriley—which is at the bottom of the list— the proportion is only 275 per 1,000. How far Warrington's figures represent greater Police vigilance, as compared with other towns, is a matter for conjecture, but in any ~.ase the statistics show what a power "the 4'r,ade" is in our midst and how strenuous is Lue task before those who are striving to wiPe out this blot on Warrington's good The visit of the King trIE ROYAL VISIT. and Queen to Warring- _

ton, on Monday, Jay 7th' Will doubtless evoke tremendous enth fa usiasm. Our ancient borough is specially twve°l-Ired in receiving visits from Royalty on is e Occasions in such a short period. There GeovCry indication that the visit of King rge and Queen Mary will give greater lea suTe to the townspeople than was the .r7,se on the unfortunately hurried visit of -"-Ing Edward. A visit to the Town Hall and to Crosfield's works are forecasted, and thereafter the Royal party will proceed to Knowsley via Penketh—which populous Village will doubtless feel specially honoured.

IMeetings are being held at various works in the town to encourage the employees to continue or increase their contributions to the Infirmary. Mr. Roger Parr pointed out to Messrs. W. D. Houghton's men•that only one-third of the persons treated at the Infirmary were insured persons. The Insurance Act will, we feel sure, eventually impress the workingmen of the country with the value of medical aid as a public privilege. There will then be no quibbling about giving the help that is so essential to institutions like the Infirmary. *

The knob-sticking of the Tramways Com- mittee in regard to the painting of the electric standards resolves itself, on inquiry, into a vary simple matter. Alderman Smethurst explains that a few standards have been whitewashed "so that people going home late at night would not run against them." After all, the Committee has been considerate rather than inconsiderate. Imagine the plight of the out-late husband who might come home with a bruise.on his cranium, and the excuse that he had collided with a dark and deadly tram-standard. Thanks to the coat of whitewash the delinquents will not get off so easily, and fond wives be less readily deceived.

* - A new, and we hope happy and prosperous era commenced at Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday, when the Rev. T, T. James, M.A., of Sheffield, entered upon Ms ministry in the pulpit which has withessed such able and devoted service from the Rev. G. S. Reaney and the Rev. John Yonge. Only seven months have elapsed since Mr. onge's long period of labour at Wycliffe terminated, and the new minister follows in the footsteps of two men who were notable not only in their parochial sphere, but in the life and activities of the community. Mr. James brings youth, enthusiasm, a great capacity for work and faith to aid him in rejuvenating local Con- gregationalism. It has declined some- what with changing environments, but the, future is bright with hope. A new chapel is being built at the Padgate end of the town, and the Mother Church is ripe for development and enterprise in Christian warfare. The Rev. T. T. James has already avowed an intention of enlisting a greater proportion of young people in his work and with the whole-hearted support of the con- gregation we have no fear that he will fall to uphold the grand traditions of Wycliffe Church, and make a name for himself in the town to which he has been called.

virita-rms :, I; ::: ::,•) . --i s,galf-EY .

===== 0002601_19130208_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
LNOTES AND NaTIONS.

Our second series of Imps Cartoons will commence next week with a comic repre- sentation of" The Imps Snowed-up." 0 *

-- In many quarters the local Town Council Ineetings are considered to be the best variety entertainment in the town. The attendance .pf the public has been noticeably growing of e, and the warmest appreciation of the mirnours of the evening is manifested. * *

An enlargement of the Council Chamber is rYing necessity. We know of no public atProvernent which is more urgent. The liosphere at public meetings is not only tie,ated, but it is vitiated and noxious in addi- :ll. Now that the public are showing such ti.'nerons appreciation of the proceedings, the ths3nble is aggravated. On Tuesday evening oaleaTir of the room was positively poisonous 'leads ached as well as ribs.

* Wa„.ar-grids are not quite so common in but,lngton as in some Lancashire towns, 110„ l'uere are several in front of the old 0 uses in Palmyra Square. As a result of otli.e of them giving way a lady has this week fled £9O damages in the Warrington a --tritY Court, against the property-owner w __11i(1. tenant jointly. Householders generally , faslbliboen.thankful that cellars are going out of

* * * At last there has been something like a free discussion by the Council of the proposed Purchase of a motor fire-engine at a cost of tresurnably anything from £l,OOO to £1,500. "re, ourselves, are far from convinced that sllch an appliance is really needed in War- and the debate did not disclose any "erY strong arguments in its favour. The chief elltirelY contention was a saving oz. time, based on presumption. One important fact did transpire, and that was the ineffi- c,ien,eY of the present engines. Previously "e nave been told that the fire appliances , were a ab model of up-to-dateness and service- Ifilit they are not, then the Fire Engine 11 Committee has been seriously . eglectful of its duty. The remedy is 'lmperative and quite apart from the question of motor or horse propulsion. s Professor Pi 4} * gou, professor of economics, cents danger in the practical abandonment of food taxes. He says the arguments lor manufacturing Protection were more Plausible and dangerous, The most fallacious argument of all, that because Protection in fple industry would benefit that industry, be';nerefoe Protection of all industries would lnefit all industries, was the easiest to t2c_Ploit. Of course it, was analogous to the ;rogurnent that since it pays A to pick B's .soj cket, and B to pick C's, C to pick D's, and vir"ln throughout the alphabet, therefore the r.,01e alphabet would benefit by each letter eXing the pocket of its successor. But this from gieal Ways defect did not prevent the argument a being effective, since the speaker could • mdustri concentrate upon the particular interests of his audience. es most nearly touching the

===== 0002601_19130208_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS

The members of Court Warrington, No. 430, held their annual social at the Blue Lion Hotel, Market Place, on Saturday evening last, when about 70 members sat down to enjoy the excellent catering of Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Lake, the host and hostess.

After tea the tables were cleared and the chair occupied by the D.C.R., Bro. T. Roden, who was supported by C.R. Bro. A. E. Ross, as vice-chair- man, and by P.D.C.R. Councillor Bro. P. Peacock, Councillor John Chrimes, Bro. R. Thornley, D.S., Bro. 0. W. R. Baines, Bro. H. James, Bro. L. Davies, and others. The usual loyal toast was given by the D.C.R., after which a capital musical programme was proceeded with. The Order and the Warrington District was toasted by Councillor Bro. P. Peacock, who referred to the strong position which the District held both financially and numerically. Bro. Thornley, D.S., in replying, thanked the members for the efforts they had put forward to bring about the success of the District in coping with the exigencies of the National Insurance Act.

P.D.C.R. Bro. Baines proposed the toast of Court Warrington, No. 430, and thanked the members for their assistance to him during his term of office as D.C.R. He congratulated the Court upon the election of their two members, Bro. P. Peacock and Bro. John Chrirnes, to the Town Council, and mentioned the interestiag fact that other Foresters on the Council were Aid. Bro. D. Tinnion and Coun. O. Archer. The name of Coun. Bro. John Chrimes, the Court Secretary, was coupled with the toast. Interesting presentations were made during the evening to P.C.R. Bro. A. J. Pettey, for his services as Chief Ranger, and to Bros. J. Jenns, J. Pidgeon, and H. James, Junr., for special services to the Court.

The musical part of the programme was in the capable hands of Bro. A. E. Ross, Mr. Stout, Mr. John Rawes, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Ailelldon, Mr. Dean, and Bro. Roden. Mr. Raves was much applauded for his trombone selections. '

===== 0002601_19130208_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
. illiiiiiMMONlE...-- : . , N \ . ' • .. ' . , _liiimiiimm......_ i ----=-- - ---------- ~—..- . .__ _____ , ' i i _Amor+l.-------1 ___.... _

Royal Theatre of Varieties. The " loyal " Stock Company will no doubt add to their long list of successes next week, f,,r they are to play in the emotional drama "Aurora Floyd. There will be the m:ual matinee on Thursday at 2,30.

In the East Lancashire senior race at Manchester race- courge this afternoon Bolton Barriers and G C LWallach are "expected." Warrington A.C. meet at the pavilion at 3 p.m. and all members are topested to attend.

EIMTrPg

I

===== 0002601_19130208_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 8, 1913.

LOCAL PARS.

Personal. The name of Mr Dudley Stewa7t-Smith, K.C, of Lymm Hall, Cheshire, Vice-Chancellor of the County Palatine, was to-day added to the Commission of the Peace fcr the County of Lancaster by the Seal Keeper at Preston.

Mr C E Parker, of Penketh, has accepted an invitation from the Widnes Division Liberal Associa- tion to be the representative cf Widnes (south) on the Lancashire County Council. The election will probably be uncontested, as the Liberals and Conservatives of Widnes nominate one representative each by arrangement. In addition to his numerous interests in Warrington, Mr Parker is chait man of the Ditton Land Company, and also owns property in Widnes.

Many of our readers will be interested to learn that Mr Percy Cratnp•on who has served his Articles with Mr F R Roberts, M.A., LLB , Solicitor of this town, successfully passed the final examination of the ncorporated Law Society held in January last.

" BAYARD" CARS.—See the 8 h.p. 4 cylinder, two Feater model, £l97.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt.

Bold-street Wesleyan Church. Special services will be held in the Bold-street Sunday School every evening next week (except Saturday) at S o'clock. Sacred Concerts. Crosfie7d's famous band and the unique trombone quartette will give two sacred concerts in the nal- Hall on Sunday, February 10th, at 3 and 8-15 p.m., for the benefit of E Massey (incvacitated), an old Warringtonian and a former member of the band. Brabazon Sale. Particulars are anncunced in our advertising columns of a sale of work made by the inmates of the Workhouse Hospital, to be held at Green Bank, Latchford, the residence cf Miss Massey, on Thursday next.

Picturedrome. The star picture or Monday, Tuesday and Wednes- day is " The Evil Genius," a splendid drama in xvhich a woman marries the man she loves, and incurs the revenge of the one she scorned. On Thursday, Friday and Saturday " Whom God bath joined," a pretty story showing how husband and Nvife are re-uhited will be shown. Musical Success.

At the recent examinations in connection with the London College of Music, Alan Brookes, of 323 Manchester-rcad (pupil of Mr Ernest Wilkes, organis, and choirmaster of St. Paul's Church, Warringtcn),t successfully passed in the diploma section, pianoforte playing,entitling him to the distinctive title of A.L.O M. Death of Miss McCoy _ _ _

Amid many manifestations of regret the funeral took place at Warringt,ln Cemetery, on Wednesday, of Miss Mary Ann McCoy, 53, Pierpoint-street, whose death took place on Saturday last. There was a large attendance of relatives and friends together with representatives of St Alban's Church and the Off-License Holders' Association.

Mr John S Green. Two interesting presentations have recently been made to Mr Jonn S. Green formerly of Warrington, on his retirement from the pcsitiin of manager for Messrs S C Phillips and Co, of London, publishers, iti7c. The editorial department presented Mr Green with a solid silver inkstand and a pair of of silver candlesticks t7,gether with a framed ad r ess of appreciation. Mr S C Phillips presented Mr Green with a gold pendant for his watch chain.

Bank Quay Station Passenger Department. The annual dinner in connection with the above took place at the Winmarleigh Cafe on Saturday February Ist when 59 sat down to an excellent repast. The tables presented a beautiful appearance and full justice was done to the choice and various items on the menu. Mr Gordon who occupied the chair then opened an excellently, mixed prcgramme. Mr Bolton, late stationmaster was also present.

Crosfielil Amateur Operatic Society: The Crosfield Amateur Operatic Society announce a production of the comic opera " Paul Jones " by Planquette, at the Royal Court Theatre, in aid of local charities, for one week, commencing February 17th. The company, which numbers GO, has been coached by Mr Charles D Law. A full orchestra has been engaged under the conductorship of Mr Richard A Moss. A.R.C.0., of Wigm. rhe society have raised through their previous productions, over S-500 for local charities.

Marriage and Divorce. There was a crowded congregation in the Parish Church last night when the first of the series of lecture to men, under the auspices of the Warrington Church Scciety was given. The preacher was the Rev Bernard Heywood of Swinton whose subject was " Marriage and Divorce.—A well attended service for women was conducted in the afternoon, the Rev Heywood being the preacher.—Nest week the Bishop of Hull will conduct the services.

VACUUM CLEANERS. Free trial at home. Price 42:- 63/-, 84/.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 35, Bridge St., arrington.—Advt.

St Paul's Church

One of the most eagerly anticipated social functions in connection with St. Paul's Church is the annual congregational gathering which was held this year on Tuesday evening in the Kendrick-street schools. The programme was made up of an enter- tainment, refreshments. whist drive and dancing. The concert was an excellent one, and the artistes who delighted the large assembly included Miss Bessie Brough, Mrs J Sepliton, Messrs L Aukland (bass), C H Ford (tenor), J Sephton, H M Ashton (elocutionist), W Whittle (humorist.) A quartette party comprising Messrs R Cook„T Lloyd, C Gelderd and L Aukland were loudly applauded for their efforts. A sketch was also given by friends from Emmanuel Church. Mr E Wilkes was an efficient accompanist. The first prize-winners in the whist drive were Mrs Pickton and Mr W Flood.-- The Vicar, in his address, reviewed the work of the church during the past year, and thanked the officers for the way in which they had assisted him.

British Women's Temperance Association. A meeting of the above was held on Wednesday afternoon in 80ld-street School, Mrs Owen Presided', when a very interesting address was ,given by the Rev W Cooper who described the harmful effect of alcohol upon the human system more especially motherhood and the young child. He said that women could be very useful in helping to put down the drink evil becarse the result of it brings so much sorrow and suffering to them. A discussion foil )wed in which the following ladies took part, Mrs Moreland, Mrs Simpson, Mrs Owen, Mrs Moore and Miss Bogstrom. The secretary read the notices and asked all members and friends to give in their names who wished to attend the County Union Conference to be held in Bury on March 12th. National Union of Journalists. On Saturday evening the members of the Warring- ton, Widnes and Runcorn branch of the National Union of Journalists held their annual social gather- ing at the Railway and Commercial Hotel, Widnes. The Widnes contingent had made admirable arrange- ments for the entertainment of the visitors and a highly enjoyable gathering was the result. Mr Frani: Fennnelly (chairman of the branch) presided. After dinner a capital programme of musical and humorous items was gone through, the members contributing being Councillor G Archer, Mr B Baker, Mr Harry Walker and Mr Harry Corrin. Mr T F Wallington was an efficient accompanist. The toast of "The N.LT.J." was honoured on the proposition of the Chairman, who referred to the remarkable progress of the organization and to the strong position which it now occupies. The Secretary of the local branch is Mr E Iddon and the treasurer Mr C E Hawthorn. National Union of Teachers.

The forty-fourth annual Conference of the National Union of Teachers is to be held in Weston-super- Mare during Easter week. Preliminary gatherings sill commence on Thursday, Match 20th. and the Conference will open at 10 a.m. on Monday, March 24th, and close the. following Thursday. The chair will be taken by Mr A W Dakers, B.A. (the President- Elect) of Newcastle-on-Tyne, from whom a Presi- dential Address dealing powerfully with current educational questions may be expected. An importaut programme of motions on educational subjects will be discussed. It is anticipated that 2,000 members will be present, as the appointed representatives of the 521 brandies of the Union. Deputations of teachers from Scotland, Ireland, Belgium, Germany, Sweden Switzerland, the Teachers' Guild of Great Britain and 'lreland, and the Co-operative Union are expected to attend the Conference. The local branch of the be represented by Messrs F H. Longshaw (local secretary), John Upson, John C am, George Newburn, A Malcolm and Miss Upson.

The Gale During the gale which swept over the town last night, the large front window at the shop of Mr. George Sutton, tailor, Sankey-street, was blown in.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewiey Male Voice Choir

A soial in connection with the Bewsey Male Voice Choir was teld on Monday last in Greening's Dining Hall, when about SO members and friends were present. The first part was a whist drive, winners being, ladies Miss Williamson, gentlemen, Mr C Bennett, consolation prize, ladies, 'Miss L Shaw, gentlemen, Mr 'l' Parker. After whist an excellent tea was provided and was done ample justice to, the catering being in the bands of Mr Lindor. Later, dancing, singing and games were indulged in Spring Cleaning. Try the Daisy VAcc um CLEANER.' price 42/-, 63/-, 8-1/-.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55,Bridge. at., Warrington.—At. Messrs R. barnett and Sons.

After the auction sale which will be conducted at the establishment of Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons, Sankey-street Warrington, on Tuesda7 next and following days, extensive structural alterations to the interior of the premises will be carried out, and the business will be carried on as usual. The galleries are to be re-decorated and furnished with examples of the Jacobean, Georgian, Chippendale, Hepplewhite and Sheraton periods. Better facilities for the conducting of the business and for the display of the large stock of furniture will be afforded by this scheme of Leautifyin.g and iunproveinent. Parliamentary Debating Society.

Special atteutTion is drawn to the Lmouncement in our advertising columns of three exceptionally inter- esting debates in connection with this society. Next Thursday evening the President of the Board of Trade (Mr P W Devenport) will introduce a resolution of condemnation of the Gc.yernment's Home Rule Bill. On Thursday, February 20th, Mr R Widiarns, BA, divisional officer of the N.W. Diyi,ion, will open a discussion on" The Ad arttages of Labour Exchanges" and on February 27th Mr W If Stansfiell, M.A., will raise the question" Are the Lords justified in rejecting the Welsh. Church Bill ? "

===== 0002601_19130208_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
"LIFE ON P TRAWLER."

MR. TOM WING'S, LECTURE AT THE PARR HALL

At the invitation of Mr and Mrs A IT Crosfield, a large audience assembled in the Parr lie Ii last evening to hear a lecture by Mr Tom Wing. ex-M.P. for Grimsby, on "Life on a trawler on Northern Seas." While representing the East-coast sea-port in Parliament, Mr Wing took the opportunity of gaining first hand acquaintance with the fisherman's life by accompany- ing the crew of a trawler on a long and eventful trip. His graphic nariative of his experiences last evening gave his audience an insight into the hard- ships endured by those who "go down to the sea in ships " and it was spiced with a fund of anecdotes which made it all the more interesting. Lantern views of the voyage were also shown. Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD, who had a rousing reception, welcomed Mr. Wing in a short speech, in which he entertainingly recalled a North Sea trip which he him self once made, and also told several delightful stories. "If we are not nautical experts" he continued " there are one or two sea phrases that we all understand. We know what it is to haul the flag to the mast (applause)— and to keep it there—(applause) —and we also realize the difference between steering a straight course towards the port we are bound for, guided by a compass, and smash- ing that compass to pieces. (Laughter and applause) 11l go on much further you will think I sin driving at. something which I,as the tinge of party politics about it. (Laughter.) However, I want to assure Mr Wing that we are all of the right colour here this evening--(applause)— and I would also add how proud lam to have the opportunity of meeting i,o many fine workers for our party." Mr Crosfield went on to say bow highly ho valued the splendid service that was done by the active workers of the party in Warrington and said he was sure they were animtited by the most patriotic motives. This was a day of great pride for all Liberals and of high hopes for the future. (Loud applause.)

: : o' 4,,., .. '''' 1/2:,..,_,:. . - ' • • "'', 6 ~. ', :' '. ' '''. ".;•:' \ .4 111 : „.4.*1. $4 ' •'',.,,:i..'. '''?4. . ':' / .:...4 -..,.. ,1,....,...„ L .‘..... . ~.....040.4.41r0i*P ~: i,......2'ii....4.0.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
QUERIES AND ANSWERS..

OUR READEkS are invited to send ligal queries to be answered week by week. Inquiries must be short, concise, and plainly written, a rid the name and address of the writer given to show that the inquiry is genuine. The replies are by a member of the profession, and every effort is made to secure accuracy, but we cannot assume any responsibility for the opinion or advice given. Mark all envelopes containing queries " Legal," and address them to the EDITOR, EXAMINER,' WARRINGTON. If you do not wish initials to be used in the reply please tuggest a nom-de-1)1111)1c.

5.8.—(1). If 5.13. \yin consider Section 4-1, Sub-sec- tions 1 and 2 more closely he will find that an insured woman who continues to be employed after marriage " shall not be suspended so long as she continues to be so employed " only if she proves that she continues employed. If she chooses not to prove that she continues employed she may become a voluntary contributor under Sub- section 2. Our point was the " proof." (2). What S.B.'s company and some others may do is not the point. Our answer was based on the specilic facts presented to us, the Company concerned being one that did not issue free policies. Our point was that if the agent of a Company which does not do so falsely represents to the assured that a free policy will be given, the premiums paid under a belief in this false statement can be recovered. S.B. may study to advantage The Refuge Assurance Co. v. kettlewell.

P.W.---(1). It is a matter to be settled by the regu- lations of the Approved Society. Generally it will be necessary for the sick visitor to see the sick insured before handing over the sick benefit. (2). The Welshman can claim his benefits given by the Society of which he is a member wherever he lives. Ile may transfer to another section, if he can persuade that other section to accept him. (3). Yes, but the Society is not compelled to accept him. (I). The giving of certificates by doctors for the voluntary benefits is a matter which is generally arranged between the Approved Society and the doctor. Certain Societies have arranged that the doctor shall give their members, if required, one, two, or three certificates free of charge, but if any more are required (the member being also a member of several other Societies) then the doctor is by arrangement entitled to charge for them. But there is nothing in the Act which forbids a doctor to charge for the ceitificate for the voluntary benefits. The better opinion seems to be that a doctor cannot charge for the certificate for the State Insurance. (5). If the Approved Society receives notice of the con- finement within 24 hours, it is thereby made re- sponsible for the- doctor's fee (to an amount not more than 155.) or for the midwife's fee. If notice is not given within 24 hours, the above liability of the Society disappears and they are justified in paying £1 direct to the insured. If after 24 hours but before 12 days have expired a doctor gives notice that he has been called in subse- quently to the confinement, then the Society is responsible for his fee (to an amount not more than 10s.). After 12 days from the confinement the Society is justified in handing over the balance of the 30s. to the insured.

READER.—Yes. The Society can insist on seeing the card and hook of the insured before paying sick pay, because the amount of arrears affects the amount of sick pay. _ . .

H.R.—The widow - must be either Executrix appointed by the husband's wiil or Administratrix where there is no will. Otherwise she cannot sue the debtors if they decline to pay.

HIT.—A distinction must he' made between deduc- tions allowable in calculating what your income is and the relief which may be obtained after the amount of income has been ascertained (e.g.., allowance for insurance premiums, and for chil- dren). The above deductions are set out at length in Form 11 A., which can be obtained from the District Surveyor of Taxes.

INVESTMENT-.—As a matter of fact the money should have been held by the Trustees of the estate and invested by theni for the child's benefit, and the income paid to you as Guardian. In proper cases the Trustees might even advance part of the principal. The Trustees remain liable for the proper investment and use of the money. You have, however, done the best thing in acting as you have done and ,you are entitled to use the income.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
I REDUCING LICENCES.

TWO LOCAL HOUSES SUGGESTED FOR COMPENSATION. Application for Off-Licence Refused.

Apart. from an unsuccessful application for an off-licence, there was very little business of public interest at the licensing sessions for the County Borough of W arrington which were held at the Police Court yesterday morning. It was, however, intimated that at the adjourned sessions on Match 7th the Bench would be asked to consider proposals that two licences—those of the King's Arms, Buttermarket- street, and the Railway Tavern, Factory-lane—should be referred for compensation. The magistrates adjudicating were :—The Mayor (in the chair), Alder- men Bennett, Smethuz st and Pierpoint, Councillors Roberts and Wilkinson, Messrs A J Jolley, W Furness, W Roberts, S Wright, J W Hayward, G Piling, C Jackson Holmes, W T Williaws, T Pemberton, T Locker and J Upson.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S DRUNKENNESS.

The Chief Constable (Mr Martin Nicholls), in his report to the justices, stated that the number of licence holders in the Borough was as follows :—Alehouses, 78; beerhouses, 94 ; beer and wine "on," 10 ; bEer "off," 51; beer and wine "off," 5; beer, wine and spirits" off; 10; wine and spirits 'off," 3; wine "off." 4; beer, wine, spirits, sweets, &c "off," 4 ; total, 189. These figures showed a reduction of one as compared with tkose of last year. The population of the Borough in 1911 was 72,178, consequently there was one licensed house to every 3818 inhabitants. With reference to drunkenness, there was a decrease of nine in the number of persons proceeded against as compared with the previous year. The figures for the past three years were as follows :-1912, 471 males and 101 females, total 572; 1911, 477 males and 101 females, total 581 ; 1910, 470 males and 114 females, total 584. Of the 572 persons proceeded against 376 were residents of the Borough, and 196 strangers to the town. The days of tte week on which drunkenness occurred were BS follows :—Sunday, 65 ; Monday, 87 ; Tuesday, 54 ; Wednesday, 46 ; Thursday, 49 ; Friday, 58 ' • Saturday, 213. Seventy-one cases occurred in Bridge-street, 38 in Butterrnarket-street, 31 in Winwick- street, 29 in Horsemarket-strest, 16 in Barb-told-street, 15 in Koutsford-road, 14 each at Market Gate and in Sankey-street, 12 in Mersey-street, and 332 in other thoroughfares and public places in the Borough. The actual number of different persons proceeded against was 493, as during the year 36 persons were charged twice each, 10 three times each, 3 four times, 2 five times, and 1 seven times.

A table is appended giving the number of persons pro- ceeded against for drunhennoss in ten northern towns during the year. Birkenhead has the worst record with 1,876 persons proceeded against, representing 14 33 per 1,000 of population. Warrington comes next with the following record :—Proceedeo against, 572 (471 males and 101 females), representing 792 per 1,000 of popula- tion. Burnley has the best figures with 293 persons proceeded against, representing 275 per 1,000 of the population. There are 14 clubs registered in the borough. No complaint had been made to the police against them during the year. No licensee was proceeded against for any offence against the Licensing Laws in the Borough. Nearly 2 ,000 surprise visit of inspection were made by the police to licensed premises during the 12 months, and on a few occasions the attention of the licensees had to be drawn to minor irregularities, but generally the houses had been well conducted.

LICENCES SUGGESTED FOR CONIPENSATION

The whelp of the ale-house licences were renewed, with the exception of that of the King's Arms, Butter- market-street, which was deterred until the adjourned se..?sions. The Chief Constable stated that by arrange- ment with the owners (Messrs. G, eenall, Whitley and Co.) there was a likelihood that the licence would be placed on the conipensation list. When the beer-house licences came up for renewal, the Bench adjourned that of the Railway 'Tavern, Factory-lane, on the same grounds as those put forward by the Chief Constable in the case of the King's Arms.

Mr Browne, on behalf of the owners, consented in both cases.

All the off-licences, music, dancing and billiard licences were renewed.

IMPROVEMENT

AT REFRESHMENT ROOM

The Bench granted an application by Mr Tait, on• behalf of the London and North-Western Bailvray Company, for permission to carry out improvements at the Bank Quay refreshment room. It is proposed to make a door to enable passengers on the new down side platform to enter the room from that side, instead of having to go round the building to the door on the old platform. APPLICATION FOR OFF-LICENCE REFUSED. THE POLICY OF THE BENCH.

Mr H J Longton applied on behalf of Janie Cunning- ham for a beer off-licence to be attached to the brewery premises of Cunningham Bros. in Owen-street, Winwick- road. He pointed out that the brewery had been erected on land adjoining the bottling stores. It was desired to obtain an off-licence for the purpose of taking orders and en undertaking would be given that no jug trade would be done. His instructions were that the sale of drink would not be increased by a single bottle of beer per annum by the granting of the licence. It was simply a matter of business convenience. The premises were rated at £2OO per annum, but under the present conditions they could not do any business in the sale of beer at the brewery. He suggested that the Bench should impose a condition that not less than half a dozen bottles of beer should be sold at n time. Applicant was called and was asked by the Mayor whether, in the event of the application heing granted, he would be prepared to surrender the elf-licence, 29, Froghall-lane. Applicant: That is my brother's licence. Wir Browne (who objected to the application on behalf of five licensees in the neighbourhood) : He is one of the partners in the brewery ? Applicant : Yes. Is it true that there are five licences within a radius of 100 yards of this plice ? -Yes.

Do 'you know :hat there are eight firms already supplying bottled beer in the town ?—Yes. Mr Longton : You don't intend to compete with any licensed house in the d;strict ?—Not at all. It wont increase the sale one bottle.

The Chief Constable said the policy of the bench was that the number of licences in Warrington should, as far as pcssible, be decreased. He had nothing to say with regard to that application but he should strongly oppose any increase of the number of licences, as far as was practicable. A similiar application was granted last year,but the reason why the police offered no objection was that the owner had surrendered three licences in consideration of the removal of one licence to Marsh- house-lane. In this case the-e was no suggestion of a removal or surrender. The police suggested that, unless something of that sort were done,the application should not be granted. The other local brewers were apparently doing all they could to assist the Bench in carrying out reductions. Mr Longton : You have no objection to Mr Cunningham on the ground of character? The Chief Constable : Oh, no. If he were to come to the Bench and say " We will' give up two licences " I should do all 1 possibly could to support the applica- tion.

You oppose the application on the general ground of policy with regard to increasing ths number of licences in the town ?—Undoubtedlv. You are aware that an off-licence is not subject to compensation ?—Oh yes, but once it is obtained you cannot very well do away with it directly. Mr Browne said that if the application were granted it would reduce the number of inhabitants to each licence in the town He opposed it most strenuously, as there was not the slightest necessity for it. The application was refused. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.

Temporary authority was granted to the following : —Miss Elizabeth McCoy, off-licence, 33, Pierp9int- street ; Mrs Emma Williams, Unicorn len ; William Evans Atherton, off-licence, 19, Gaskell-street.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

On Saturday last C Vose, H Holbrook, T Turton, W Bolton..) Parsonage, F Antrobns and F Shadwell of the senior division moved well over a rather heavy course of nearly 9,1 i miles. The juniors covered about 6 miles of the same route at a splendid pace with H Woods, J Nurse, J Watson and W Walters, the mon prominent.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
\VEST LANCASHIRE CHAMPIONSHIPS.

At Scale Hall Farm, Lancaster, next Saturday, there should be some strong racing in both races. The Senior is fixed to start at 3 p.m. The teams are Ravenhead, Sacred Heart, Sutton, Weet Cheshire, Wirrall A.C. and Warrington A.C. Nominations :—F Antrobus, \V Antrobus, A Burgess, W Bolton, A Gregson, J Hanson, H Holbrook, J Nurse, J Parsonage, E Scott,? Shadwell, T F Turton, C Vose, W Walters, and H Woods. Distance, about 10 miles. For the Junior which is timed to start at 4 p.m., the entries are Lancaster Park, Lancaster Primrose, Liverpool Boundary, North Liverpool Gymnasium, Preston, Ravenhead, Sacred Heart, St Helens Parish Church, Sutton, Runcorn Wallasey and Warrington A.C. Nominations Battersby, F Co!bourne, A tlollins, A Gregson,J Hanson, J Livesey, J Meredith. .1 IN ur,o, F Price, N Stafford, Thornley, G Wakefield, %V %%afters, J Watson and H Woods—distance about 7 miles. As the conditions are 10 to run and 6 to count, the local club can select their representatives from the nominations.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S FIXTURES.

1111•1111MINIIIII

===== 0002601_19130208_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH.

REV. T. T. JAMES ENTERS UPON HIS PASTORATE.

The first Sunday of February witnessed the com- mencement of a new era in the history of Wycliffe Congregational Church, when the Rev. T. T. James, M.A., formerly of Sheffield, entered upon his pastorate. Seven mouths have now passed since the Rev. John Yong° hrought his long and faithful ministry tt, a close. There were large congregations at both services on Sunday to welcme the new pastor. Devoting a portion of the morning service to the children, Mr. JAMES told a story of Robert Louis Stevenson, illustrating the fact that although he oid not go to Samoa as a missionary but in search of health, yet through his good works and kind Geeds he became a missionary of a very practical kind. The preacher drew the lesson that the children by lives of simple goodness could do much to extend Christ's Kingdom. The sermon was based on the text" The Lord our God be with us as He was with our fathers " (I Kings viii. 57). After a reference to the historic setting of the text and its story of the completion and dedication of the Temple of Solomon, he said no one would be surprised that that congregation should turn to such a passage and let it speak to them as they were beginning their work together as minister and people. He pointed out tat there were a great many men and women who were ready to criticise the church, and sometimes a good deal of wit and wisdom were expended without any great results. There were others who stood outside the church and in a different spirit nod with real serioesness and desire sought to study the particular Purpose the church had to fulfil and the definite function she had to perform. There we-e many within the church's borders who felt inclined so ask how they were to seise certain grave problems with which they were face to face in the history of the church at the present time. They were impressed at times with the sense of the decreasing numbers of those who were attached to any form of recognised religion. Tney had a great statement given in the gospel : "I, If Iba lifted up wiil draw all men unto Me," and if the church of the present day did not attract men they needed to know how and why. It might be because the cross was lacking in our midst. He did not mean a cross in a book but across in men's hearts Sometimes they talked about the alienation of the churches from the great masses of the people and some times it seemed true to them that the great movements of our time and the tendencies of modern life left the church in a backwater untouched and unmoved. He was not saying these things to discourage or dishearten but we ought to face these things. Far from dis- couraging it ought surely to be a matter of encourage- ment to them that they were at least prepared to face the situation and consider the difficulty. The church had done certain things which showed that she had considered the preblem and realised its importance. She had been willing to adapt herself to new methods and new situations. He believed that as never before they were anxious to make the chinch the home of the people. There was en anxiety to welcome within her walls all sorts and conditions of men. All class distinctions that too long disgraced the House of God were fast disappearing. ‘Vorship was becoming lighter, brighter and more gladsome. More than that the Church was bravely seeking to face a new intellectual situation, and was prep ired tore-state the great eternal truth in the light of modern knowledge and modern thought. The Church had begun to speak out. Thank God he believed she had begun to speak at last on the great social evils of the times. There was one thing for which they were waiting and which they could not do without, and that was a new sense of God's own presence. It was the knowledge of God and His real Presence that could inspire them and touch their hearts. He supposed as they were met in that church with its history sacred to many of them, they all felt that their fathers left them a religious heritage which it was theirs to guard over, to honour and to cherish. The preacher passed in review the character- istics of the old puritans, and said it was necessary for us to get back the divine consciousness that made God is great reality to our forefathers. The thing which the church was in the world for and the thing which the church was to give to the world was Geri above every- thing else. The church was not expected to lead the world in science, philosophy, art or politics, but it was expected to present Goo. The preacher proceeded to show that the church was a sanc!uqry and could only fulfil its mission in so far as God wes in its midst. " He setteth me on the high places" (11. Samuel xxii. 34) was the subject of the evening discourse. Ile said this was a song of thanksgiving from the singer, David, who was full of gratitude because religious experience was something real to him. In these days it was necessary to make a re-statement of the value and ideal of Jesus Christ. :Sometimes they were inclined to look with prejudice and criticism upon those who had gone before, but it was questionable whether we in this age were giving anything like the same witness for the iivine love which has redeemed us, or were doing any- thing like the same work or leaking anything like tne same sacrifices as those who had made the history of the east. The preacher proceeded to refer to the sacrifices made for religious freedom, and said it was not so much a criticism of the church that was needed to-day but a new baptism of its heroism and its self-sacrifice. It was as a witness of the faith that he came to that church and be was going to preach a gospel that knew no limit to its power. The love of Christ could redeem and alter, transform end re-establish tha human life. They might tell him that human character was made up of that wonderful wsbwoven by circumstance and environment playing upon hereditary forces, but they must not tell him that it was impossible to introduce into these things another influence that radically changes, transforms, and turns men from evil into good. All history and human experience was against such a contention, for the gospel of Christ knew rio limit to its power. _ _

The choir under the leadership of Mr NV H Payton, Mus. Bee., ably led the singing and also rendered two anthems. Solo parts were sung by Madam Sara Silcock, Miss Hewitt and Messrs NV Booth and P 0 Bailey. After the evening service Mr James presided at the Communion.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW PASTOR AT THE CONGREGATIONAL GATHERING.

An excellent opportunity of extending a congrega- tional welcome presented itself on Monday evening when the new pastor attended 03 annual tea meeting end concert which took place in the Memorial Buildings The gathering was originally fixed for an earlier date but was postponed in view of Mr James's impending settlement in the town. Over 300 at down to tea, excellent arrangements having been made by Mrs J Hawthorn, Mrs J Ball and Miss K Brown, who were assisted by a willing band of ladies of the church. The tables were presided over by the following : Mrs Z Armitage, Misses Beswick, Brown, Masdames B Farrar, W H Payton, Garland, Longland, Slack Winskill, Misses Porritt, Knowles, Mrs E Wallington and Mrs 3 Walker. The Rev T T JAMES presided at the concert and on rising to make a few opening remarks he had a mos enthusiastic reception. He said it was a happy idea o the friends to have postponed the gathering until tha evening to enable Mrs James and himself to attmd,and it made them feel the welcome to be all the more real and sincere. He had his turn yesterday—(laughter)— hen they spent a pleasant time together. He and his wife were looking forward with hopefulness and courage to the future, and he believed the week-end they had epent in Warrington was the beginning of a very happy time in their work with one another. The members of the congregation bad already made them feel very much at home and they were anxious to make the acquaintance of all among whom their work would be cast. In conclusion Mr James said : Let us put cur trust in God, and I le-lieve there will be great things in store for Wycliffe Church. The organist and choirmaster (Mr W H Payton, Mus. Bac., bad arranged a highly interesting programme which met with great appreciation. Songs were very tastefully rendered by Miss E Hewitt, Messrs W Booth, A Davies, H Hawthorn, P 0 Bailey and J Ainsworth. Miss Hewitt's interpretation of " Daffodils a' blow- ing " was so artistic and effective that an encore was accorded. Mr Bailey was also recalled for his capital song " Lighterman Tom." Miss E Brown gave a reading descriptive of a shipwreck and a gallant lifeboat rescue in graphic style. Mrs Haviour acquitted herself withher usual skill in a john solo. An instrumental trio I for violin, 'cello and piano, by Mrs Haviour, I Miss Boucnier and Mr Payton, was an enjoyable feature. Mr W H Wallington was encored for the stirring way in which be sang "The Laird's Fling.' It is interesting to note—as made known by the Chairman—that Mr Waliicgton sang at the Xelcorne meeting to the Rev John Yonge when he came to Warrington, and at the farewell to him recently, and the audience heartily joined in the Pastor's hope that Mr Wallington might be spared for many more years to entertain the congregation at their social gatherings. The voices of the choir blended well in the part-song "Sleeping " (E German). Mr H M Ashton, as usual created much merriment with his humorous readings The Pastor had to leave for Sheffield before the close of the concert, and the chair was temporarily taken by Mr J W Slack.

Mr GEORGE WALLING TON proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks to the entertainers the ladies who had presided at the tea tables, and all who had assisted to make the function such a pronounced success. This was F ecso nded by Mr DARBYSHIRE and carried, and responded to by Councillor HAWTHORN and Messte J BALL and W BROWN.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER PANTOMIME NEXT WEEK.

Next week at the Rylands-street house we are promised an excellent pantomime by Mr Richard Nightingale. The subject chosen is Dick Whittington and should prove popular. Miss Dolly Ross has been specially engaged to play the part of" Dick" and Bob Stevens as Idle Jack. A full chorus and augmented orchestra under the direction of Hal E Parker; Specialities will be introduced by Sisters Henderson, Sisters Beaumont, Barhendo, Tew and Lea, The Dancing Durhams. A matinee on Saturday at 2.30. The above pantomime is creating records everywhere I visited.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
~sto 1 t :+;s•', . t:

===== 0002601_19130208_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I'

===== 0002601_19130208_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
„..,,,,,--e,-• ' '-' • ..,,,, ..,,... 4... ,1:.• ...4.0;._ ..0 F OR .. . cv •::.;:=.f' %.... - ' CI A 4, ' 41' ” -1 4. 0 V. COUGHS . .-- ~..,,,..4 .. 0 '..iv. ..... ~:o •,,; • ;?.I 4. ~ 1. is ,- i ,i: , .r,. 7 . . t ii, • ' '. * *1.4,;': '''''.4;: S AV gi.:‘,.! 2.,, ,f • I tit Lung Tont'. .ri.g, ..: .;..%-s, ...x. ~... FOR ..:-.4 ...e.44; ~ ICOLDS If "41,,,...•,1,44,X, '

===== 0002601_19130208_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BUY MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE

NEWBALL & MASON. NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPLY CO. 'AM. --•

BLE ES

NOTE.—Om .ree offer made for tnn-teen weeks and

Banker% : United CI,. CI, THE BIRMINGHAM MANUFACTURE, -- 1 7 T. EASY ROW. BIRMING)

WEST'S OILS-WEST'S 01 West's

FOR Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sprains, Sciatica, Burns, Sore Throats, Neuralgia, etc.

West's

West's

i /3 Le rs tßi9rt—te el e cr the Sole Proprietor,

A. E. NA ISH, Percy Street,CARDIFF, Send at once ! Dont delay ! They are good ! Doctors recommend them.

West's WEST'S OILS-WEST'S OILS!

'JP 4 4••• A ,:. r, I qUIr(""\W A,i 1 'INN ifr:Por* ',.s- -4% ....... 'r. ii,l WATCH Y 0 4 t ' STERLING ~:,, Gent,‘,lever action, can- ?. SILV E R „IF,' Am, not overwind, N l'. case, . LAD lES : , ", ' accurate timekeepers, tie / 8/6EACIt,, 4,...--_____ guaranteed 12 months. o. ..., . 5, e-acti, post free. NOOneCaaffOtd ,t .r.C. • • correct time now ...r.*l FREE . t*4 The first 6 tl r• M ; ReliablierN:'.itches Wt each Monday Rle . eliab A:waY. i .1!., hay: Watcll '.... ~..41,) ..... ~' See free oler 1 mon y returned '.. otposile. of 6 Watches each Monday I. I expires April 2010, t9l:t. •pttai and Counties

===== 0002601_19130208_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. Nol No 2 No 3 THERAPlONCpriliceme 2/9 leading CURES BLOOD POISON, KIDNEY, BLADDER, URINARY DISEASES, DISCHARGES, WEAKNESS, PILES. SEND STAMP ADDRESS ENVELOPE FOR FREE BOOKLET TO DR. LE CLERc MED. CO. HAVERSTOCK RD, HAMPSTEAD. LONDON,ENG. PARIS DEPOT 12, RUE CASTIGLIONE. I A CUREI NEW YORK DEPOT: 90, BEEKMAN ST. IFOR YOU! TRY NEW DRAGEE (TASTF.LF:SS) FORM OF i.:„Sy TO TAKE TH ERAPION SAFE AND LASTING CURE. SEE THAT TRADE MARKED WORD • THERAPION IS OH VEIL GUT:. LiTAUF AFFIXED TO ALL GENUINE YACKETS.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
11$11031113011111111aliC1111111011111111111111111101110111111111111M11111111011110M11111111a11111 ur II

OVER ONE MILLION A DAY

Is the number of Beecham's Pills manufactured and sold. Stupendous! But if it were double, it would he better for the health of the people. Of course the demand is growing, for the reason that the pills are what they have always been represented to be—a fine medicinal combination of drugs which corrects many minor ailments and prevents irregularities. Rome was not built in a day, and it has taken sixty years for Beecham's Pills to secure the enormous popu- larity they now enjoy. Real merit is the cause. They recommend themselves, and the sale has not been forced by publication of testimonials.

FIFTY TONS YEARLY are consumed by an appreciative public, in spite of all opposition, misrepre- sentation, and wrong statements concocted to belittle their true worth. Conjecture is in the minds of many as to the effect of the National Insurance Act on patent medicines. For the result we must wait and see, but as regards Beecham's Pills there is little doubt that those who know their value will con- tinue to purchase and recommend to their friends the remedy which they can rely on, which is always at hand. doses of which are of trifling colt and the resort to which will save much time and trouble.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
, • ;7, 'lr7 9 "44 t • • , F 01114: X fof •I, • • j . • •

have surely done the greatest good to the greatest number. and in the future, their true qualities become still more widely known,

THE DEMAND WILL BE GREATER.

NOTE! Owing to condensed reports in some papers quite recently, many readers might infer that Beecham's Pills contain a small quantity of Morphia, WHICH IS NOT THE CASE. The allusion to this drug referred to Beecham's Cough Pills solely which arc made according to a formula entirely their own.

Sold everywhere In boxes, price I I'd. (56 pills) ct 29 (168 pills).

II lli arIIBINMINESIMISNIniIIeI3IIICOMODUZIMIIMINIIIIIKIMMOUNECOMINIXIIIMINVIXIK

===== 0002601_19130208_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

MONDAY—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Bolton, Smethurst and Bennett, Messrs A J Jolley, W Furness, S Wright, W Roberts, T Locker and G PiNina. _ _ _

TRANSFERS OF LICENCES.—The following licensing transfers were granted :—Smith's Arms, to John Cheadle ; Bay Horse, to Thomas Roberts ; the Haw- thorn Inn, to John William Plinston ; off-licence, 78, Battersby-lane, to ered Thomas Lashford ; the Howley Hotel, to James Edward Johnson; off-licence, 211, Winwick-road, to John Lockett; the Griffin Hotel, to Tom Fairclough Barber ; the Royal Court Hotel, to George Edward Finch ; the Mersey Hotel, to Michael Burke ; off-licence, 18, Priestley-street, to Charies W Nunnerley. A Fowl, THEFT.—A Di year-old boy named Thomas Gibbin, of 22, Lilford-street, was charged with stealing two fowls value 4s. the property of William Monlsdale, a showman, on the fair ground in Queen-street.—lt was siated that at about 7.20 on Saturday evening the showman saw the defendant under the van in which he, Moulsdale, lived. When asked what he was doing there, the boy said he was tr) ing to find his way out. The man having missed two bantams the Saturday before, taxed the lad who admitted the theft.—The lad was fined lOs and costs, the Mayor remarking that he , had only just escaped being sent to prison. TITURSDAY.—Before Mr It T Fairclough (in the chair) Messrs A J Jolley, W Roberts, J Upson and Dr Naden.

A SPECTACLE CASE.—John Hayes, a pedler, was charged ,% ith attempting to obtain 2s by falso pretnnces from Detective-Sergeant ReddingtOn.—The Chief Constable explained that on Wednesday afternoon Detective it eddington, when in Buttermarket-street, was accosted by the prisoner, who asked him to buy a pair of gold-rimmed spectacles for two shillings. He said he had found them on the road. The officer took prisoner into custody, and from inquiries he ascertained that the spectAcles could be purzhased at 2s f;clper dozen. The prisoner was unaware of the fact that Bedding- ton was a detective, and had evidently taken the officer for a person connected with the Church. Aremand was necessary in order to make inquiries as to the prisoner's tracter.—Prisonor objected to an adjournment, and when the chairman intimated that he would be remanded for seven days, the prisoner replied, "Seven days for nowt."

DRANK EMBROCATION.—Wiiiiam Clarke, an iron worker, residing at 88, Pierpoint-street, Warrington, was charged with attempting to commit suicide by drinking a quantity of embrocation. The wife and children went to bed on Sattyday night, leaving the prisoner asleep on Vl° sofa. S')nrtly afterwards the wife heard her husband shouting," Fetch a policeman ! I have taken poison." Sergeant Woodland was sum- moned and the prisoner was taken to the Infirmary. The bottle was found to contain hartshoru and oil. The wife stated that her husband had suffered from pains in the head, lie had been drinking heavily of late. On promising to sign the pledge and behave himself in the future, the case was adjourned for a month.

-,-..-: -.2 4 - In the , 1- , L________J, ou -1- 0 - :_ . . !ITS 'Tit ~,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A WARRINGTON BANDSMAN.

The death of Mr John Hill, who was prominently identified with the Borough band, took place on Monday, January 276, at his residence, 18, Naylor- street. He was one of the most esteemed tradesmen in the town, and had carried on business in Fennel- street, Buttermarket.street, Bridge-street and Church- street at various times, whilst at one time lie was a Roman Catholic Sunday school teacher and took great interest in parochial affairs. Since 1889 he was a member of the Warrington Borough prize brass band and occupied the post of treasurer to the same. More- over during his musical career he has played with all the bands in the town, was always ready to assist any band which required his services and always directed his utmost energies to the advancement of brass band music. The funeral took place on Saturday last. The cortege left Naylor-street at 3 p.m., beaded by the Warrington Borough and the League of the Cross Prize Brass Bands assisted by representatives from Crosfield's, Penketh Tannery, Peter Walker and Son's, Cheshire Lines, and Earlestown Viaduct Prize Brass Bands, which played the Dead March in " Saul," under Mr T Griffin, ‘N ho made all the musical arrangements. Then behind the bands walked representatives of the League of the Cross and the Ancient Order of Hibernians ; for of each of these societies the deceased was a member. Despite the wretched weather, hundreds of people lined the streets to witness the funeral as it passed on its way to the Cemetery, and even followed to the graveside to pay their last respects to one who was so beloved. The deceased leaves a wife and four children. The principal mourners were :—Mrs Hill, Masters J Bill, T Hill, Miss A Hill and Master Arthur Hill ; also the deceased relatives Mr and Mrs D Houghton and family,Penketh; Mr and Mrs J Taylor, Mr T Corcoran and Mr J Corcoran accompanied by Mr H Rigby, Wilderspool ; Mr J Riley, Sankey-street ; Mr J Hannan, Parker- street and a host of other friends and all the principal bandmasters and bandsmen in the town.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 8, 1913. TOWN COUNCIL MATTERS.

Councillor WILKINSON seconded the amendment. Councillor BROADHURST said Councillor Peacock admitted that the existing engines were obsolete and the remedy which he proposed was worse than the present evil. The committee had decided to employ one motor mechanic and another would be kept in reserve, at a very low cost, at one of the local garages. A motor engine could be playing on a fire in less than two minutes, whereas he had known 25 minutes elapse before the steam engine got to work, because one of the horses had been placed on the wrong side and refused to" draw." (Laughter). Councillor OSBORKE said that they had not been provided with sufficient information to justify the purchase of an engine. It seemed that the motor engine was going to travel so rapidly that it would be on the scene before the water was available. It was a good suggestion that the horse ambulance should he kept at the fire station, so that it could follow the motor engine. (Laughter.) Something should be done with regard to the engines, but to put the present resolution on the egenda was absurd. The next thing they would hear was that the tender had been accepted Alderman BENNETT, in supporting the minutes, said the committee had justified public confidence up to the hilt by the statesmanlike attitude they had taken in the matter. They were bound to pay attention to a recommendation from the Chamber of Commerce which represented tremendous rate-paying interests. It was admitted on all hands that the two steam engines were obsolete and even if the Council adopted Councillor Peacock's suggestion, they would have to buy another engine of the ordinary type. The best course would be to go a step further and obtain a motor engine. A few minutes might be absolutely fatal in the case of any large works in Warrington, and make all the differ- ence between stamping a fire out and allowing it to work complete destruction. Councillor LINDLEY Fold it was too late in the day to discuss the question of whether they should have a motor engine. The Council had already passed a resolution in favour of that course. Councillor PEACOCK : A pious recommendation. Councillor LINDLEY said all the committee had to do was to find the best motor engine for the purpose, Councillor Peacock's scheme would much more expen- sive than buying a motor engine. Councillor GOUGH said the committeee did not yet recommend a purchase. They were advertising in order to get to know the cost, so that if the proposal were considered practicable they could bring it before the Council. Alderman TINNION asked whether it was the inten- tion to have two kinds of engines—motor and horse- rawn ?

Councillor LINDLEY : We are not going to throw the old engines away. Alderman TtsNloN said that in his opinion the horse system was quite as good as the up-to-date motor engine. Councillor PEIBERTON said he could not see much harm in the resolution ; it was only a question of getting tenders. If a £12,000 property purchase bad been involved, the Council would not have said a word— The MAYOR : You have said that before. Councillor PeMBERTON : It will hear repeating. There are some things to good that you can say them a hundred times. The MAYOR: We don't think so. _ _

Councillor PEMBERTON said the gain of a few minutes in the event of a serious fire, might mean the saving of half-a-dozen lives. In Warrington they had escaped any great are calamity, but one might happen some day, and then they would awaken to the fact that they ought to have speed. Councillor WILKINSON: Are you going to have rubber on the wheels?

Councillor PEMBERTON : Possibly, but your head might be better than rubber. (Laughtm..) Continuing, he said the Council ought to tsk9 some notice of a recommendation from the Chamber of Commerce. Personally he looked upon that body with more respect than upon the members of that Council. _ _

Couticillor WiLKINSON : Flow many of them sleep in this town ?

Councillor PEMBERTON : Their money is invested in the town, and Warringtn depends upon its manu- factures._

The MAYOR: You ought not to enter into com- parisons of that kind. It's a poor nird that fouls its own nest, and von are now decrying the body to which you belong. You said the Cnaraber of Commerce was more worthy of respect than this Council. I object to that.l think it is a very disrespectful statement. I have every respect for the Chamber of Commerce and know something of it, because I am an ex-officio member and have attended some of its meetings. I have the highest respect for it, but I certainly object to you making such an odious comparison as that, and I don't think you will be complimented for it by the members of the Chamber of Commerce. Councillor PEMBERTON : lam only saying what my Opinion is. Am I not right in hiving an opinion ? The MAYOR : Unless you can treat this Council with respect, I shall certainly call you to order. Give the Town Council fair play. Councillor PEMBERTON : I give it all the fair play it deserves. Councillor GOUGH : Hear. hear.

Councillor PEMBERTON : I say advisedly that the Chamber of Commere3 of this town represents more than this Council represents, and I say their opinion ought to be respected. I say it again, in spite of everybody. Councillor HAWTHORN said the point had been over- looked that the committee had already taken the opinion of the Council on the advisability of pio- viding a motor engine. They were really going over old ground. Alderman BuirroN characterised Alderman Tinnion's and Councillor Peacock's knowledge on the question as extremely elementary. (Laughter). Warrington was about the most niggardly town in Lancashire or in the country with regard to its fire brigade. The cost of the brigade for ten years had averaged £s2o—slightly over a halfpenny in the per annum. Councillor PEAoocK eventually withdrew his amend- ment, but said he hoped to be able to smash the pro- posal when the tenders were brought forwaid.

COUNCILLOR COUGH AND THE COAL CONTRACT.

Councillor GOUGH asked the Chairman of the Water Committee :—Was each firm's fuel tested that com- peted for the last coal contract? What were the dates on which each firm's fuel was tested and what was the lowest price tendered and what was the price accepted? Alderman JOHN EvANs replied : (1) Yes.(). The tests commenced on February sth, 1911. Twelve tests were made and they concluded on September 27th, 1912. The coat purchased was not the lowest tender. The lowest tender was 12i Gd a ton ; the coal accepted was 13s Ci a ton.

He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. (Laughter.) Continuing, he pointed out that the bridge contract was for £14,000 and the extras recommended by Mr Webster brought the total up to £16,000. Only a third of the bridge had been built, but they had already spent £9,196 Ss Sd. He did not know what it was going to cost the Corporation. He had been asked to do something and he would very willingly take action, if ha could have the support ' of the Council, but that was impossible. He thought it was a perfect scandal. Councillor Pemberton took exception to an account of £3 19s 6d paid to Mr Webster for supplying the resident engineer with duplicates of the working drawings issued during 1912.. Every penny that could be got out of the ratepayers in connection with the bridge was being obtained. Councillor BEtomalluitsT complained that Councillor Pemberton offered them no alternative policy by which the work could be accelerated. At every stage of the work he had adopted an obstructive attitude. Alderman BENNETT said this continual carping did not serve any prActical purpose. They were all anxious to see the work completed as early as possible, but unless some feasible way were proposed, it was a waste of breath to tan about it. The engineer, for his own sake, was doing the best he could, under some difficulties. He thought there was some contributory negligence on the part of the Council. What was the main reason why the work was arrested? Because the Council had not given the contractor possession of the property on the Latch- ford side of the bridge which belonged to Messrs. Fair- clough.Councillor Penibertou did not tell them that the figures he had quoted included the whole of the plant deposited on the spot, and that in addition to the four ribs on the west side, the foundations of the wall on the north east side had been laid and the whole of the concrete piles were ready for use. He pleaded for fair play for the contractor who was a business man and w0u1,.1 not delay the work a moment longer than was necessary. Councillor PEMBERTON said he did not include the retention money in his figures. The Council had already given certificates for over .ClO,OOO, Alderman SMETHURST gave further details of the progress of the work, and Pointed out that the tides were a considerable obstacle. We was sick and tired of Councillor Pemberton's repeated objections. Coun- cillor Pemberton admitted that he had never been on the works to see what was actually done, and yet he posed as a practical man. The minutes were approved. THE PURCHASE OF MESSRS. FAIRCLOUGH'S PROPERTY.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee the Town Clerk reported that it was necessary for the Cor- poration to obtain possession of Messrs Fairclough'si premises at Bridge Foot, and that he had approached Messrs Fairclough's solicitors with a view to the Cor- poration entering into an agreement to pay Messrs ' Fairclough's 5 per cent. upon the amount of the pur- chase money from the date of such entry to the date of completion, who had replied that they required the procedure under the Lands Clauses Act to be adopted.—lt was resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to take the necessary steps in accord- ance with the provisions of Section 85 of the Lands Clauses Act, 1845, to obtain immediate possession; that the sum of £6,900 being the amount of compensation and purchase money claimed by Messrs Fairclough's be deposited in the Bank of England ; and that a bond be prepared with two sureties for the pay- ment of 5 per cent, interest upon'the amount ultimately awarded to Messrs Fairclough's from the date of such entry until the date of completion, and that the Common Seal of the Corporation be affixed thereto. Councillor PEmBERTON complained that the Council had been very dilatory in dealing with the matter. Notice to treat was given as far back as September 11th, 1911, and why on earth the question had not been pursued he did not know. Now they were told that the contractor was being delayed because the property had not been acquired. Councillor WILKINSON said the attitude that Councillor Pemberton took up was deplorable. If he were a perfect " duffer" he (the speaker) would be sorry for him, but he was no duffer and knew his way about the world.

Councillor BROADHURST : He is a failure, all the same.

Councillor WILK INSON said it was no fault of the Committee that there bad been a delay in the purchase He could see neither, rhyme, sense nor reason in open- ing out in the Council a subject which ought to rest entirely in the hands of legal gentlemen. _

Councillor PEMI;ERTON We have never made a single offer to Messrs Fairclough. It is intolerable to bear this piffle. The TOWN CLERK said the contractor for the bridge was bound to finish the first part before he began the second. lie (the Town Clerk) was 'assurred that the contractor would not want possession of the site on the south-east side before January 30th. The minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOULD WE HAVE A MOTOR FIRE ENGINE?

MORE ABOUT WARRINGTON BRIDGE DELAY.

Lively discussions on a variety of topics marked the monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council held at the Town Hall on Tuesuai evening. One of the most interesting debates centred in the proposal to purchase a motor fire engine, several members express- ing the view that the extra expense would outweigh the advantages. That inevitable cause of discord—Warring- ton Bridge—was once MOTO the subject of strong differences of 0 pinion. The Mayor(Counci tor Dr Joseph) presided and there were also present :—Aldermen Bennett, Bolton, John Evans, Pierpoint, Smethurst and Tinnion, Councillors Archer, Birtles, Broadhurst, Chantler, Chrimes, Craik, Cunningi,on, Dickenson, Gough, Halliwell, Hawthorn, Henshall, Jenkins, Lashlord, Lindley, Locker, Osborne, Peacock, Pemberton, Roberts, Snaw, Taylor, Wilkinson and Wilson, Messrs J Lyon Whittle (town clerk), A T Hallaway (deputy town elerk), T H Spinks (assistant town clerk), A M Ker (borough surveyor),W S Haddock (gas engineer), F V L Mathias (electrical engineer), J Moore Murray (director of education), Dr .1 Couto Ilibbert (medical officer of health), Dr G W N Joseph (assistant medical officer), and James Gray (water engineer.)

===== 0002601_19130208_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ARCHITECTS.

When the minutes of the Education Committee were submitted, Councillor PEMBERTON called attention to a resolution that the Director should interview the managers of Silver-street Wesle3an school with refer- ence to the Arrangements to be made for the provision of a new infants' school on land in Oliver-street. He had protested most strongly all through against this particular scheme. He said the work had been improperly let, as, according to the Standing Orders, it shoul'i have been advertised. It wr.s one of the biggest jobs ever perpetrated publicly. Councillor ROBERTS said he was rather taken by sur- prise by the attitude of Councillor Pemberton. Of course it was the usual style of thing—let the pr( per opportunity for discussing the matter go by and then raise it at another meeting. How any member could, out of that resolutioo, get up a case against the com- mittee, suggesting all kinds of improprieties, he could not for the life of him understand. It was merely a conference with the authorities of Silver-street school to ascertain their rignirements with reference to the new schools, and there was no possibility of com- mittal to any scheme until the report had been presented. . . . . _

Councillor PEMBERToN : This is the school for which the architectural work has been let. That is the importangpoint. I would not have thought it necessary to say that toe man of Councillor Roberts's intelligence The MAYOR: I consider Councillor rtoberts has answered the question. THE SMOKE NUISANCE.

At a meeting of the Health Committee a letter from the Committee for the Investigation of Atmospheric Pollution suggesting that Warrrngton should co-operate in the collection of reliable data as to the degree of pollution of the atmosphere, was read and referred to the Chairman, Cmincillor Dr Joseph (Mayor), the Medical Officer of Health, and the Borough Surveyor to report thereon. Alderman BENNETT said he thought those who criti- cised him most for his attitude on that question, would agree with him that the collection of scientific data and information would be a distinct advantage. If, as the result of inquiries, they found out the extent of pollu- tion and the best means of minimising it, they would be working in an entirely practical and satisfactory direction.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES COUNCIL AND THE SHOPS ACT.

Councillor OSBORNE asked for information as to a letter from the Trades and Latour Council with refer- ence to the Shops Act.

The MAYOR said the Trades Council wanted the shops to be closed in a certain small area, but the Health Committee could not agree to the proposal unless they would enlarge the area to a certain extent Councillor DICKENSON said the Town Council could not wake fish of one and fl-sh of another.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
OBJECTIONABLE TIP.

At a meeting of the Health Committee a letter was read from Councillor Osborne with reference to the tipping of objectionable matter on land adjoining Liverpool-road Recreation Ground, and the Town Clerk was icstructed to communicate with Mr Osborne thereon.

Councillor BROADHURST said that for many sears the tip bad been one of the greatest nuisances that could be placed in the midst of a district. Be bad moved in the matter so often that he had become some- what tired, because he found the committee could not do anything from a legal standpoint. Now that Councillor Osborne had moved on the question, he felt that, with his assistance, the nuisance would be remedied.

Alderman TINNION said he must give credit to Councillor Broadhurst for the very persistent manner in which he had pursued the question. The Health Committee had tried everything, in the way of serving notices and writing letters, to do away with that unseemly tip. At last it was decided to carry WeHeld- street through in that direction. The property was scheduled and, as no objection was raised, the street was extended and the tip removed. As far as be was concerned, he would see that no tip in that or any other neighbourhood would again become such a nuisince that tip undoubtedly had been.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
"HOOLIGANS."

After a long and heated debate on property purchases (reported in another column), Alderman TINNION addressing the Council when he experienced some interruption. He remarked to the Mayor Will you attempt to keep those tcco or three hooligans on the cross benches in order. I had to leave the room before, because I could not stand these disgraceful proceedings. THE BATHS EXTENSION.

Replying to Councillor Pemberton's query as to whether the baths extension would be completed "next summer or the summer after thfit," Councillor DICKENSoN said the Town Flail, Parks and Baas Committee were straining every effort to push the work forward as quickly as possible. He was not prepared to promise bow soon the building would be ready, but be thought it would be completed before Warrington Bridge. (Laughter). The MAYOR: That is not saying very much. (Laughter).

Alderman SMETHURST : That is a nasty cut. (Laughter). SHOULD WARRINGTON HAVE A MOT(.',R FIRE ENGINE? ANOTHER SCENE.

The Fire Engine Committee resolved that the Borough Surveyor prepare a specification for a 450- gallon motor fire engine, and that tenders be invited by advertisement for same ; also that the Committee visit the Manchester and Salford Fire Stations for the pur- pose of making an examination of the different types of motor pump fire engines, on a date to be arranged by the Borough SUrveyor. Alderman TINNION said he did not see how, in the case of a fire like Garton's, a motor engine would enable them to effect any perceptible saving of damage. The question had not been fully discussed by the Councit. Councillor GOUGH : Is Alderman Tinnion in order in discussing this? The MAYOR : Quite in order.

Councillor Gocoii : The resolution to purchase an engine will not come before the Fire Engine Com- mittee until the 15th inst. (Cries of " Chair.") The MAYOR : Resume your seat, Councillor Gough. Councillor GOUGH : We don't know whether the Fire Engine Committee want it. (6' Chair.") Alderman TINNION : If a fire engine could be used in this Council Chamber some times, it would be cheap at £2,000. I claim the question has not been discussed by the Council as it ought to be.

Councillor COUGH: It has not been discussed by the committee. It has to come before them on the 15th inst.

The MAYOR : If you want to speak, get on your feet at the proper time. Don't interrupt other speakers, Councillor GOUGH : !tight, sir. The MAYoR : I am glad you see it at last. Alderman Tinnion contended that more adequate reasons should be given before thay decided to spend the money. Mr Connor had done very well with his horses so far. They arrived at the fire station as soon as the engine was able to get steam up. The Corporation had two eflicient engines and there were also Crosfield's and Wilderspool brigades. Councilllor ARCHER said the committee had been encouraged in their recommendation by the action of the Chamber of Commerce The fact that tenders had been invited, did not commit them to buy any engine. Warrington ought to be in an independent, position, with regard to its fire engines, and not have to go rolind, cap in hand, asking for the assistance of works brigades. Councillor PEACOCK moved an amendment that the minute of the Fire Engine Committee he referred back. The recommendation to obtain a motor engine was brought forward when the town was in a state of panic, in consequence of Gurton's fire. He agreed that the present engines were not up-to-date,some of the parts of the best engine being inadequate to deal with the larger fires. At the same time, he believed a motar engine was unnecessary in Warrington, where any part I of the town could be reached, under the existing condi- tions, in a few minutes. In addition to paying £1,200 for an engine, they would have to employ two driver- mechanics whose wages would be £4 a week. Then, in order to provide for emergencies, they ought really to have a duplicate engine. He suggested that the committee would better meet the requirements of the town by keeping two or three horses on the premises, providing three steam engines and employing two drivers. It would also be a convenient thing to keep the horse ambulance at the fire station.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SCREENS FOR TRAM CARS.

Some discussion took place, on the initiative of Councillor HENSETALL, on the advisability of providing screens for the protection of the drivers of tramcars during the winter weather. Several members stated that the drivers themselves did not want screens as they would obscure their view.

Alderman SMETHURST said one screen had been fitted on to a car, as a trial. If it did not prove satisfactory it would be discarded. PAINTING OF ELECTRIC STANDARD 3.

At a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Committee a letter was read from the National Amalgamated Society of Operative House and Ship Painters and Decorators with reference to the painting of standards by motormen and conductors, and the Town Clerk was instructed to reply thereto. Councillor PEMBERTON said the painters had bard times during the winter—in fact he knew of no other trade which suffered so much horn unemployment. They ought therefore to receive every consideration from the Council. If the Council only employed the proper number of motor men, they Vk ould not have spare time to give to pain, ing. Every man should keep to his trade. Alderman SMETHURST said that if the committee wanted painting to be done,they would obtain estimates and employ practical men. In the present instance a few standards had been whitewashed towards the bottom, so that people going home late at night would not run against them. (Laughter). MORE ABOUT THE BRIDGE.

Alderman SMETHURST, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the Bridges Committee, detailed the progress of the work up-to-date. He pointed out that they could not go any further:for a short time,until the concrete had got quite set. The bridge had now reached its full height and, if the Council were anxious to see how the work was proceeding, he advised them to view it from the iron bridge. The MAYOR seconded. Councillor PEMBERTON said he was not satisfied. Councillor WILKINSON : Yon never are. Councillo: PEMBERTON : I think the job has been delayed out of all reason.' cannot understand +Ally more energy has not been put into the work. Councillor WILKINSON : It is cement that it is used, not energy. Councillor PEMBERTON : But cement goes further if more energy is used with it. But that is a thing that Councillor Wilkinson knows nothing about. (Laughter)

===== 0002601_19130208_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ZAM-BUK'S SPLENDID RECORD.

Poisoned Wounds, Burns, Bleeding Piles, Face Sores, Healed in one Family.

Zarn-Buk has achieved a series of wonderful healing triumphs in the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Poole, 55, New Street, Aston Newt,wn, Birmingham. "I scratched my hand while at work with some scrap steel," Mr. Poole told a Birmingham reporter. " Blood-poison set in, and my employers sent me to the General hospital. Despite every care, however, the back of my hand became a big running sore. The pain was awful. After leaving the hospital, I used cheap ointments with no good effect. "Then I was advised to use Zam-Buk, which not only soothed the pain, hut gradually drew out all poison from my hand and healed it with strong new skin. To-day there is not even a mark to show where the wound was.

"Whilst working for a rubh3r company I burnt my arm severely. Remembering my previous experi- ence. I immediately turned t) Zaln-Buk, and again this magic balm cleansed the sore arm and renewed the skin. "Later on, a lot of little pimples appeared on !my skin. In a fortnight my face was a !mass of running sores and was a most repulsive sight. So I gave everything up arid again tried Zam-Buk. To m 7 great joy this wonderful balm soothed away all the itching and pain, and cleared every sore from my face." Mrs. Poole then said :—" For years I suffered agony from piles. After my husband's experience with Zam-Buk, I tried the balm for my complaint, and soon felt great relief. By persevering with Zain-Buk the piles completely disappeared, and have not returned. "Our son Leslie had a sore face through using the same towel as his father when be was suffering from face sores. Leslie's case was just like his father's, and ire was soon cured by Zam-Buk in exactly the same way." Only Zam-Buk, bought from the chemist in sealed 1/11 or 2io packages, can effect cures like these. Don't be talked into buying anything else. Ask for Zain- Buk and see that you get it with the Government seas round the package unbroken. Beware of worthies' substitutes.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERNATIONAL ORDER OF COD TEMPLARS.

South West Lancashire Juvenile Council.

The annual session of the above Council was held in the Conservative Club Roora, Kensington, Liverpool on Saturday. .

The Council was opened in due form by Sister Miss E S Pritchard, D.S.J.W., and the Press Committee and. Credential Committees were appointed. After roll of officers had been called and minutes of last session read, the D.5..1.W then gave her report of work done, also vice-superintendent's reports. They were adopted with thanks, after which the following were elec.e.i to serve as officers : D.S.J.W., Sister E S Pritchard ; D.W.C., Sister Mrs El Tonzean ; J.8.C., Bro. Harrison; D.C.V.1., Sister W A Allen ; D.C. Secretary, Bro. E Newman ; D.C. Treasurer, Bro. Randles ; D.C. Chap, Bro. H Smith : D.C.M., Bro. Guthrie; P.D.S.J.W., Bro. George Clarke; D.C.G.D.' Bro. J S Smethurst ; D.C. Sen., Bro. Whalley ; D.C.D.NI., Sister Miss F E Foxton ; D.C.A. Secretary, Bro. Middleton. The officers were afterwards installed by the D.S J.W. Votes of thanks were given to Sister Allen for preparing room and providing tea ; to past officers for their services ; and all who had assisted. Southport and Widnes sent invitations for next session and it was decided to go to Widnes.

Mb OM alibi ORO fle. 651111 b ME* OM. Q 22, CEOs onft lam CEENP .41ZEI> 033, 22312 b 6fIZN ens Camp Extract from unsolicited Testimonial—

TEST THI3 El THE eV • Cd 4,41 r: =- 40.; 2 a-

" For Strength and Flavour—the best on the market.),

NEW S!ZE TIN,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
That's why I lake

tree'

ELECT COCOA

No other cocoa has the delicious Rowntree Flavour. war 44110 41111 P onmP yaw MOP MD 411110 411111 P 4111BP anar embilillar 410 am 1•11044.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CVCLING CLUB.

This club held its second hot-pot and smoking con- cert of the winter session on Saturday evening,and the fixture proved to be in every respect one of the most enjoyable and successful social functions ye., under- taken by the club. About 50 members and friends assembled at headquarters (Patten Arms Hotel) at 7.30 and sat down to an excellent hot-pot provided by Mr Burleigh. The musical programme was well up to the standard usually associated with the club gather- ings, and a critical musical audience was highly pleased with the items given and the able rendering of them. The whole of the programme was in the hands of the " Lyric Concert Party," who made their debut, and of their similar successes at other local functions we hope to hear anon. The party comprised an excel- lent combination of voices, and the songs given ware nicely selected to please the taste of a musical ,iudience. The opening quartette "In this hour of ..3:tened splendour" (Pinstcti) by Miss Hastings. V"-dame Lily Fairhurst, and :Messrs J Willett and 7/alker was excep ionally well rendered and showed a 02.1utiful blending of voices. This was followed by a song " Oh, oh, hear the wild winds blow" by Mr Ernest Walker, whose effort was loudly applauded. Mr Walker's other contribution was "The lute player" (Alletson,), for which he received a well-deserved encore, and in response gave a very pleasing Devon- shire song which received so much applause that he was prevailed upon to sing it again. A duet " B4r- earolle from Tales of Haffman (Offenbach) given by Mist Hastings and Maclaine L Fairhurst was well rendered and brought for them much applause. Mr W W Whittle, as the humorist, was in good form and greatly amused his audience with his song "Appetite." His humorous sketch " The Debating Society," given later caused much laughter, and his effort brought for him an encore, to Inch he responded with a song "The Curate," and in which he was seen at his best. Miss Carrie Hastings quite lived up to her reputation as a soprano in the 'Ribbon Song" from "Tom Junes (German), which was delightfully rendered. Her second sonewas " Pleading " (Elgar), for which she received an encore, and responded with a very pleasing song "I hear thee call." It is always a, pleasure to hear Mr J W Willett, and his rendering of "Dear Heart " (3lattei) was highly creditable. Madame Lily Fairhurst was in excellent voice, and gave a fine interpretation of " The Raft," for which she was loudly applauded. Her other item " Within your heart " (Trotere) brought for her an encore, to which she responded with " Annie Laurie." Madame Fairhurst has become one of our most popular local singers, and with ample justification. Mr Percy W Smith acted as accompanist with skill and judgment. The proceedings were brought to a close with a vote of thanks to the artistes.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
UPPER-STOREY WOMEN.

In Greek literature there appear frequent allusions to the habits of women. They seemed to have lived mostly in the upper storeys of the houses. Pictures on vases also suggest this separation of women and men, as the former are often shown sitting up above. In those days the man was recognised as the superior being. Now, all that is changed, and woman occupies her proper place in society. Some Grecian customs still remain ; and fortunately they are good ones. The use of the Currant may be cited as an example. From time immemorial, Currants, the dried grapes ;rom Greece, had been used as the food of man. They have always had a deservedly high reputation,because of their delicious flavour and wonderful nutritive properties. There are innumerable ways of using Currants.. If you appreciate a special treat combined with economy, try this recipe. SUET PUDDING (PLAIN). currants, 121 b beef suet finely chopped, lib flour, pint milk, lemon, fresh butter cr cream, sugar. METHOD. Mix all the dry ingredients in a basin, add the milk, and work into a fairly stiff dough. Put the mixture into a floured cloth, tie up and boil gently for 21, hours. Serve with quarters of lemon, fresh butter or cream, and sugar (moist or castor).

===== 0002601_19130208_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

PROPERTY OWNER AS WINDOW SMASHER. At Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, Henriette Rushtun, Picton-avenue, was fined is for depositing' glass on the }fig./Away. Sergeant Savage said the lady desired the tenants of a house she owned in Bank Higb- street to leave, end as they would not go she smashed the windows. The glass fell about the road. The defendant was represented by Mr Hough, solicitor, who pleaded guilty. - - WIDNES SHOP RANSACKED. -

A burglar entered the premises belonging to Will Emu Gordon, tobacconist and sub-postmaater,Victoria-road, Widnes, during the early hours of Sunday morning- The place was secure at midnight, but an entrance wag effected from the back by releasing the catch of the kitchen window. The occupants were not disturbed. though at the bottom of into stairs the panel wa9 removed from the door leading the shop. FullY forty holes were bored round the panel, which was large enough to admit a man body. The safe, contain- ing £2OO of postal orders, stamps, and money was not tampered with. 'I he thief or thieves ransacked tha shop of the most valuable smokers' requisites,and anew ‘cash register, valued at £25, was damaged badly and the £l3 contents abstracted. Altogether the loss is estimated at about £6O. The robbery was evidently carried out by a novice. The boring in the door must have taken an hour to accomplish with a joiner's hit. Bent chisels and a screw-driver, the property of Mr Gordon, were found lying about.

RUNCORN URBAN COUNCIL. "NEW TERROR TO PUBLIC LIFE."

At the Runcorn Urban Council on Tuesday evening twenty-one deaths and forty births were recorded for the month, as compared with thirty-eight births and nineteen deaths for January of last year. Mr Baker complained of the proposed expenditure in fencing Moughland-lane, which has been widened. There was no necessity to purchase 370 yards of fencing. The railings the council had in stock might be utilised. Mr Imison said that when the council had decided upon a certain line of policy, it was usual that resolu- tions which simply carried the policy into effect should be allowed to pass without opposition. Mr Baker had added a new terror to public life. At the council meetings he took voluminous notes, and, months later, informed his fellow-members that, at a certain time on a certain day, they said so and so. Laughter.) Mr Baker took everything seriously, and members must be serious too, recollecting that there was a chief among them takin' notes."

===== 0002601_19130208_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE M( It is f the Tom buses he the local for even once ac Finailar o Hi negc fident. 1 and we . miles. iney dec lees, so itnpressi least sat A FARI I haw Evans a good set to. 1101 bodies n

The c Constah of the C What Si: MancheE to the In the staff proverbi METAP

The f reminds men are is talkil Word of PRETT

A uni tells me experieE doing vi front of blame yt You her( LADY J

The v viction Practice !tdvocatE I bsPecto Magistre tee, Nr ross-exi Et uch l ,e N V E 1, in his ev j doctrine coo reran minister waB 'ter treteend LOOK

===== 0002601_19130208_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
i—..-• ••• MI mor ANTIQUARIAN CHAPTERS

"WHO KILLED COCK ROBIN ?"

In taking note of the French, Irish, Welsh, Manx, and English rhymes concerning the wren we saw that they all point to the ceremonial of ancient bird sacrifice, a practice that belongs to primitive man and that has survived from a period long before the dawn of history.

But tile wren is not the only bird that appears to have been sacrificed. There are songs that describe the blackbird as being offered and eaten at the dawn of the year, a habit which harmonises curiously with the eating of blackbird pie in many English counties on Twelfth Night (January 6th). The robin, too was killed and sacrificially eaten in France, on February Ist, doubtless in the same way as the wren. Though we have no record of robin sacrifices in our own land, there is an old Scotch rhyme which almost certainly refers to the custom.lt is called "The Robin's Testament" and in a quaint form reveals the robin making his will and bequeathing the various p-trts of his body. Here is the poem : Guid day now Bonnie Robin How lang have you been hero? I've been bird about this bush This mair than twenty year. CHORUS : Teetle ell ell, teetle Eldie. But now I am the sickest bird That ever sat on brier And I wad make my testament Cruidman, if ye wad hear. Gar tak this bonnie nib o' mine, That picks upon the corn, And gie' t to the Duke of Etamilton To be a hunting horn. Gar tak these bonnie feathers o' mine, The feathers o' my nob And gie to the Lady o' Hamilton, To fill a feather bed. Gar tak these bonnie feathers o' mine Tha ftathers o' my breast, And gie to ony bonny lad That'll bring me to a priest. Gar tak this guid right leg o' mine And mend the brig o' lay; It will be a post and pillar guid, It will nei her ban nor gae. And tak this other leg o' mine And mend the brig o' Weir, It will be a post and pillar guid It'll neither ban nor steer. Robin made his testament Upon a coil of hay, And by came a gretdy gled And snapt him a' away.

The lines have obviously undergone changes with repetition. But the foundation of the poem can only be the one we.have suggested.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
A CURIOUS CHURCH SURVIVAL.

As in the case of many other ancient practices the church took over the usage and turned it to account. Let us compare "The Testament of the Robin " with "The Testa- ment of the Ass" a Catholic ceremonial which survived until past the middle of the 17th century. _

In many French cities it was called "The Feast of the Ass" and consisted in bringing a donkey into the church whilst there was read from the Service Book passages which set forth that an ass had carried the Holy Family to Egypt and had borne Christ into Jerusalam. The response consisted of the braying of the assembled multitude. The ass was then led outside and a dialogue piece was read. The beast was asked to whom he left the various parts of his body. He was supposed to reply that he left his skin to the drummer, his tail to the priest to make an aspergill, his legs to make pillars in the cathedral, and his feet, head and teeth for various other purposes. This is curiously like "the Testament of the Robin" and both echo the very ancient belief that every part of a sacrificed creature had magical powers.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRD WEDDINGS.

The next thing to notice in our attempt to understand "Cock Robin" is that in many old rhymes the robin and the wren are coupled together.

We have, for instance, the Lancashire distich : The robin and the wren are God's cock and hen, E pink and the sparrow are the devil's bow and arrow.

If there were space we could quote rhymes from every corner which join the robin and wren, and not a few give the sparrow a bow and arrow. Most proverbial lines join the robin and wren in friendship and several poems describe their marriage. These last are the most interesting, and as they belong to both France and Spain as well as England we had better take note of them. In the French story the new married couple are short of food, so the gad-fly brings a loaf, the gnat brings a cask, the butterfly a joint and the sparrow some grapes, the flea jumps out of bed and dances with the louse. In the Spanish version the same thing happens, but in addition the rat comes out to play the fiddle. When the fun is at its height the cat spoils everything ,y seizing and killing the rat. The English verses are different and describe the actual ceremony. The lark sings, the cock blows the horn, and Parson Rook carries Mother Hubbard's book, the linnett and blackbird also officiate, and the bullfinch tolls the bell.

At the dinner which follows the raven brings walnuts, the dog Tray brings a bone, the pigeon grain, and the owl brings a sack of flour. The fun flows fast and furious when unhappily the cuckoo appears: When in came the cuckoo and made a great rout, He caught hold of Jenny and pulled her about. Cock robin was angry and so was the sparrow, Who now is preparing his bow and his arrow. His aim then he took, but he took it not right, His skill was not good, or he shot in a fright ; For the cuckoo he missed, but cock robin he killed, And all the birds mourned that his blood was so spilled.

This is decidedly interesting. It shows us two of the sacred birds of our ancestors getting married. The unsocial cuckoo, which as all students know, was anciently the enemy of married bliss, comes in and breaks the happiness. The sparrow who kills Cock Robin does so by accident, while aiming an arrow at the cuckoo.

It shows us, too, the birds each bringing something to the wedding feast after the pattern of the communal feasts of our remote ancestors.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU TRIED TURTLE

YET?

EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD TURTLE NOW.

Turtle is well known to be the most valuable tonic food in existence. It is wonderfully rich in assimil- able phosphorous (lecithin), the substance most needed by those who are run down, Buffering from nervous depression, nervous breakdown or neuritis. The benefits of turtle are DOW at everybody's com- mand in Be Turtle Cup, which is real turtle in concentrated form. All you have to do is to add boil- it g water to Turtle Cup, and you have the most refreshing and stimulating beverage imaginable possessing to the full, the delightful flavour that has earned turtle the premier place on the menu of mayoral banquets. A shilling bottle of Turtle Cup will make eight cups full of enjoyable and stimulating liquid food. .

A, l, i urtle cup s made from turtles imported by the manufacturers; and the rich and valuable phosphorus for which the turtle is prized is fully conserved in Turtle Cup. This organic phosphorus is completely assimilated in less than half an hour. Invalids can therefore readily digest Turtle Cup; they will expelience its remarkable bracing aid restorative powers very soon after taking it. Everybody should try Bellis's Turtle Cup, which can be obtained from any grocer. Be sure it is I3ellis's, which is sold in glass bottles at Is. and 26 , or may be had post free for price dixect from Turtle Cup (1911), Ltd., 15, Bury Sticet, St. Maly Axe, Iy.,ndon, E.C., Dept. 53.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
TO REPAY A LOAN.

HUSBAND AND THE MATERNITY BENEFIT. " What tecame of the maternity benefit" was the question raised at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday during the hearing of a prosecution taken at the instance of the N.S.P.O C. The Alayor presided and the defendant Peter Hanlon, 8, Heaton-square, Orford-street, was charged with having assaulted his stepdaughter, Mary Ann Taylor, 15 years tof age. Mr Browne, who prosecuted, stated that the defendant was a carter in the employ of a local contractor and earned 20s per week. His step-child worked at Cockhedge factory and earned from 5s to Os per week On Wednesday last the wife was confined and the bed was brought downstairs. They had received 309 maternity benefit under the Insurance Act but on Saturday afternoon the defendant did not come home until 4.30 and he was then under the influence of drink. He complained that ,the fire was low and that his dinner was not ready. The wife never knew what time he was coming home on Saturday afternoons but there was meat on the table. The wife tried to calm him but he got hold of the girl's hair, pulled her about, and struck her about the head. The sick mother did everything she could to stop him and eventually succeeded. The defendant went out but returned soon afterwards, and ill-treated the girl again, thumping her on the head and hitting her on the body. The mother screamed and neighbours entered the house and rescued the girl. The defendant came home on Saturday afternoons in a very nasty humour. The wife had had to stay out on Saturday nights. When arrested defendant said "It is correct."

The Mayor referred to the maternity benefit and said he would like to know what had become of the money. Mr Browne: The defendant drew the money and handed 2Ss to his wife.

The Mayor : What became of the 2s ? Prisoner : I used it to pay back a lona. The Mayor : That has nothing to do with it. The money was not intended for your use. It was meant entirely for your wife. Inspector Wainwright gave evidence to the effect that he had visited the house and found the girl in a distressing condition, and there was an abrasion over the right temple and scratches on the arm, The Mayor : Are you satisfied that the 283 was properly administered ? Inspector Wainwright: Yes. The defendant had grumbled on Saturday at giving his wife us 6d out of his wages. He remarked that she had had 28s and she ought to be satisfied. He said he had paid for it. The Mayor : Such matters are hardly within the purview of this court, but I think we ought to know, it will have a good effect in other cases.

The Defendant said he would be better away from his wife and family. He would be willing to contribute to their maintenance under a separation order. He struck the girl with his open hand because she called him Dames.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPTAIN CROSFIELD'S EMPHATIC

\\\ \•,\\\, \\%

EDK \\A \A

•,-.'‘A.‘,.'‘,%%,:

REN'S CORNER,

:d by UNCLE CALEB.

'ABLE.

A ragged beggar was creeping along the street. He carried an old wallet and asked every passer-by for a few cents. As he was grumbling at his lot, he kept wondering why it was that people who had so much were never satisfied, but were always wanting more.

" If I only had enough to eat and wear, I should be satisfied," said the beggar. Just at that moment Fortune came down the street. She saw the beggar and stopped. She said to him:

" Listen : I have long wished to help you. Hold out your wallet, and I will pour this gold into it, but I will pour only on this con- dition: all that falls upon the ground shall become dust. Do you understand ?" "Oh, yes, I understand," said the beggar. "Then have a care," said Fortune: "your wallet is old."

-He opened the wallet quickly, and the yellow metal was soon pouring in. "Is that enough ?" "Not yet," said the 'beggar. "Isn't it cracking ?" asked Fortune. "Never fear. Just a little more," said the beggar ; "just another handful.—Another —Another." lhe handfuls were added And the wallet burst from end to end. AUTOMOBILIA. Ten men walking along the street, Hailing the joys that mortals meet; Comes a motor of swift design— Now, alas! there are only nine. Nine men crossing the public way, Full of the joy of the golden day; Sounds the horn a bit too late— Now, dear me! there are only eight. Eight young children upon the road, Playing in front of their abode: Comes a smart recruiter of heaven— Now, you note, there are only seven. Seven men crossing the busy street, Little knowing what they will meet: C(,mes a craft of the River Styx - Now, if yUu count, there are only six.

Six men running a touring car, Ponder not how safe, but far; One of them reaches home alive Hospitals shelter the other five. Five joy-riders unsafe to meet, Riding amuck in the midnight street, Fifty miles per the hour or more: Now there are merely parts of four.

One poor fellow who stays at home, Never abroad in the streets to roam : He is in the invalid ranks— Just in the land of the living, thanks! WILL CARLETON. THIS WEEK'S STORY. SOMETHING MISSING IN THE PICTURE. '

Once in a lesson, said the Sunday school teacher, I was speaking of the flight of the father and mother of Jesus into Egypt and I repeated the text, "Arise and take the young child and its mother and flee into Egypt." And then 1 showed the children a large picture that illustrated the text in bright colours.

\ ..._ --,,,....—..\ ....,.?"-ir:\ ;4* 44* • . ; ''. ' - •\. .. '....., 4il. •fX '' ..-.''' ''''f 'ILI . '.:l 4, r:;',/•;,.'',-''' . 451.','i fAt ic,.....j, 0 - #l-`O, t c r kl ..._-- ..... •," .;,-. ... ••*' s 4; - A ~.. `. ~ .... -. . •••_.. . 7 , ::,..„,....5.,›.5,..:,••:, ~_,1....,..,, 40. ...,......,.........:,.;,‘ . .• •...• ~,.. 4.. . ~.:.:.....2.:,„..:1,i,i2.:‘,....,,...:.:.__:, • .•... iffE WORST .........::::,..:.„,,..„,„:„.„....: 4 PIRI::::::..V'''-... :.. ••Y i No, ' . .. I or 0. . . . 4...' \ .. . ".• . . . . ... . .. . 0 • *: I k ::.*:: : ' ...,-'7.-4- 14 \II, -At . Oil. - ''.' , . . . \::!::.,.:,,.... „._ tlii,,s, 4i , .-.. . - --. ~ • . ,', \ -.....,,...::::.,.,i,:,,N e-i,..,;:.::-:, • . -q . . \ \1,,,.., , ...i. &\ \'\ kA\\, \\. \• \ . \\ \ \ • ii: .:•.,:,i.. i ' Lt. . "- .1 i, THE ONL EATHEABLE REM . _ ..._.,. ... ...,,_ . _.... . ____.. __.... - - ' iCHILD Conducte A F

===== 0002601_19130208_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
DECLARATION.

" National Scrvic:-., is coming " was the striking declaration of Captain Crosflerld at the annual supper an i presentation of shooting prizes held in the large dining room of Messrs Cros field's works an Thursday last week. About 140 adherents of the League sat down to an excellent dinner, catered for by the cookery staff of the works. An admirable musical progremme wes arranged by the committee, guided by the energetic secretary, Mr Ernest Ball. Solos were rendered by Messrs E Pownall, J Houghton, H Bennett, and were appreciatively received, as was also a concertina solo by Mr NV Brobbin. Mr H M Ashton delighted the gather- ing with his humorous recitals. Mr Bert Smith was an etticent accompanist. . . . _

The following is a list of the pr:ze winners :—Open competition : Messrs J Grosvenor, J Sankey, H Potts, sen., G W Limb, E Pollard, E Bal,, A R 3 de, T Taylor. Old soldiers competion : Messrs J Plinston, A Adams, H Whitfield, Sergeant-Instructor J Allardice Civilian Competition: Messrs H Potts, jun.,A Bowers' J Broady, C Ryder. Christmas Competition : Alessrs, H Potts, jun , Sergt-Ins. J Allardice, C P Day, .1 Grosvenor, Hutcheson, A Shepherd, J Towers, E Ball, S Jamcs. J Yarwood, J Ravenscroft, W G Limb, J W Elliott, AT Plinston.

Captain CROSFIELD, in submitting the toast of " The President, Lord Roberts," said he thought they must all feel that it was a great privilege to have such an illustrious man at their head. Now,after spending some- thing like fifty-one scars in the service of his country when he might well rest, he was prepared to go forth to raise the standard once again waging the war against the lethargy and apathy of so many people in the coun- try. Lord Roberts knew better than anyone of the danger of unpreparedness and the horrors and miseries of war for a civilian population. At his great age this gallant soldierasho bad nothing to get from the British people, went forth up and down the country, giving up his leisure, time, and health, to bring home to the people of this country, that it was not right that they should go on living in that state of unpreparedness. (Applause.) It WttB the desire of Lord Roberts that the military training which Lord Haldane said was necessary should be given before war broke out,and not after. How long would this purbliasl nation go on with this system of training after a war had gone on ! It was a ridiculous and amazing fact that a nation which prided itself on its wisdom should not listen to such proposals. They required no great brains on the subject it was common-sense to do the training before mid not afterwaids. (Hear, hear.) To accomplish that they must accept National Service because they could not work it on a voluntary basis. They could not get employers to let their men off from work unless all the employers were in the same boat. Rich and poor must do an equal share and the move- ment was an instance where wealth had no privilege. Another important condition in the scheme was that the citizens army was not to be used to pat down strikes. Under the scheme everyone had to go through the ranks and promotion was only by merit. Equal opportunity for all " was the motto in this citizen army. (Applause.) Unless they got the nation to agree to a compulsory system, they could not work on these broad democratic lines, and they would have to continue with the Territorial Army, without those added advantages. They felt with Lord Roberts in saying that they must put the Territorial Army on a sound basis and the sooner it was done the better it would be for everyone concerned. Ile hoped they w uld do their duty to their noble president by rallying round the standard which he had raised and would work for him end the cause during the year with renewed power. (Applause.) Mrs B S TOWNROB distributed the prizes to the successful Service Leaguers in the shooting competi- tions. In a few felicitious phrases she remarkeo that the past year bad been one of great achievement for the National Service League. A year ago they were engaged in a great war against apathy and to-day they could say witri conVence that they had made great gaps in the wall of their opponents. The whole fabric was now tottering under their attack teed they could look to the coming year to secure the achieve ment of their aims and the welfare of our manhood. (Applause). Mr G DALE, in moving a comprehe naive vote of thanks to Mrs Townroe, the Shooting Committee end the artistes' said that vvhilst they wanted the service of the men for the defence of their homes and country they also desired the sympathy and services of the ladies. It was by the wsistance and cosmicl of the ladies that that great cause could he helped femora. The health of the President of the Werth gton Branch (Mr T II Lyon) WEIS submitted by Mr B S TowNnoF, who paler a tribute to the generosity and genuine interest which Mr Lyon took in the affairs of the League. Warrington he said had played its part in bringing that great reform to the fore-front and thei r splendid work bad been of invaluable service to the League throughout the country. Two years ago they urged forward the necessity of invoking the aid of the trade unionists of the country as it would be making a step for advancen:ent. He had add reused many meetings in various parts of the country and he had been astornaled by the way many of the leading trade unionists had expressed themselves in favour of the system of National Service. Although there might be disagreement en the question of universal training in the Territorial Army, on one point he had never heard one word of disagreement. Every trade unionist was in favour of training in cadet corps—the training of every youth in the countra . In his opinion every youth should be trained from the age of fourteen to, eighteen. It was a matter of national importance to-day that a youth should choose a career for which he was best suited by his ability and character- Wicked politicians talked a great deal about economy of national money but what they required most was economy of our national brains and the National Service League would achieve that. Ile believed when National Service came into operation they would be a more united people, and look to the future when the youths of the country would march forward, not with hands in their pockets and cigarettes in their mouths, but with heads erect to face the battle of life. (Applause). Mr E BALL, on behalf of the Committee, responded to the vote of thanks.

On the proposition of Lieutenant SF,YMOUR JONES, a vote of tkanks was accorded the chairman (Captain Crostield. _ _ .

Captain CROSFIF,LD briefly responded, and said it might seem a rrad ide4 for a body of fellows like them- selves to fire England for National Service, but it was coming. The work they had done would be largely responsible for the success of the movement. (Applause)

===== 0002601_19130208_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
_

A meeting of the creuitors of the Earl of Yarmouth, now the Marquis of Hertford, held on Thursday in the London Bankruptcy Court, acceptedaa scheme for the payment of 7s 6d in the .£, a sum of £B,OOO being pro- vided voluntarily for that purpose by friends of the marquis.

Defendant was lined 10:.4, and costs---£1 25 tid in all or in default 14 days.

'OMEN WHO SUFFER From HEADACHES, BILIOUSNESS, CONSTIPATION, LANGUOR, NEED Women who suffer from those everyday ailments which arise from a disordered state of the diges- ve system—the stomach, liver and bowels—should )rt to the famous herbal remedy, Mother Seigel's up. It tones and regulates the stomach, liver and .iels in a remarkable way. Taken after meals it ;ures good digestion and so enables you to ,gain irishment from the food you have eaten. Very ,n the headaches, constipation, hnd kindred symp- as of indigestion are banished, your strength is Lewed and you know once more what it is to I vigorous, cheerful and healthy. Test it to-day. MOTHER

W

L 4

'

I

U

Bata a Mc% rztarmlnated by DANYBZ VIE jx„, Non-poi.onons and Wirral.. to Hum. 13! Dopiest's and other Animal.. Single Tubs 2 Tubes fit-; poet free from:— DANYSZ VIRUS LIMITED. (Box 26 readad.o civet, LOadan, od M MK la Ilia 1.111

' C'f; .•••.4- , 4:,, •,. ~,, -.. ''',:,4,,„' ,H,"- "› • '''' \'\::-\''l''', . . , 0 resc r 1 Syr boy , i ..... ens V. - - nol /7 r \ SOC tOI . t'i, rei fet i , : \ ,1„ t The 216 size con .4 s • . .. 111=3;3=3."••••••••--

===== 0002601_19130208_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SEII EI.!S SYRUP

itains three time.

is the IN size.

IA as much A

===== 0002601_19130208_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The children studied this picture eagerly. Then a little girl said : " Teacher, where is the flea ?"

SOUTHERN ONTARIO.

Bordering on the great lakes with a climate benefited by the ametiorating infllences of these large bodies of water containing suitable soils for intensive farming, is a portion of the province of Ontario, 1411iCh is secur- ing grf at attention at the present time. This excellent combination of conditions offers opportunities of various kinds. The man with a small farm ranging from 10 to 25 acres can, by applying scientific systematic methods, produce crops which will yield a return of from £lO to £2OO par acre. These returns are greatly enhanced in those districts where the farmers are using co-operative methods of marketing. They supply a uniform product, eliminate the expenses of the middle- man and securing a reputation for their district. The advantage to the investor in such a district is that he can buy his land at about the price of £2O per acre, making a very good living while developing their land, and are able to realizs from three to four times the original cost in as many years. Thera are and will be enormous opportunities for some time in these parti- cular districts for men from Great Britain with capital ranging from £1,050 to £5,000.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INSURANCE POINT.

In the llouse of Commons on Monday, Viscount Wolmer (Newton C.) asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether a man who had been injured in the course of his employment, and who had had to lay up for one week, could obtain sickness benefit after the first three days under the National Insurance Act, since he was net entitled to cohlpensation under the Workmen's Compensation Act because he had not been ill for a_fortnight. _

Mr Masternian : Yes, sickness benefit is payable when the necessary conditions are satisfied for any p3riod of incapacity in respect of which the insured person is not entitled to compensation under the Workmen's Compensation Act.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

THE MOBUS PROJECT. It is probably as well that three or four members of the Town Council should inspect and try the motor buses before deciding upon the type most suitable for the locality. Still, I happen to know that it is possible for even aldermen and councillors to be deceived. I once accompanied such a deputation on a precisely similar errand. One of the firms in which they were in negotiation was particularly persistent and con- fident. They invited us to test their bus most severely, and we ran it up hill and down dale for fully thirty miles. It behaved sßlendidly, and it was unhesitat- ingly decided to recommend the purchase. Neverthe- less, somehow the bus that had made so good an impression eventually proved the most costly and least satisfactory iu the whole fleet. A FARCE.

I have conceded that Aldermen Smethurst and John Evans and Councillors Wilkinson and Peacock may do good service on the occasion now especially referred to. However, I hive thought sometimes that public bodies never want for an excuse for a jaunt. I have known a Town Council practically agree upon the appointment of an official—say, gas engineer or rnar.ager of electricity works, and then sanction a visit on the part of the committee chiefly concerned to the place whence he came! ruE ÜBIQUITOUS SCOT.

Instance; would doubtless present themselves to the minds of most subscribers to this paper as they read What Councillor Locker had to say on this subject on 'Burns Night." I knew one Scotsman who came into Lancashire to manage a motor 'bus department for a eettain Corporation. After a while he had a tempting Oiler to do similar work in Constantinople, and Promptly made a twelve months' agreement. At the end of the term he went to South Africa, and is now doing exceedingly well in Johannesberg. Then see what a lot of Scots doctors we have in this country. Poor parents there pinch and save in order that their sons may have the best preparation for life's wcrk,and I believe Edinburgh University is the cheapest in existence. THE OLD GIBE.

I recently attended a Secondary School speech day is the neighbourhood of Manchester, and the principal speaker, an eminent University don, said: When the average boy leaves school at the age of fourteen or so, he throws his books away—unless he is a Scot, and in that case he sells them. " CLANNISH. The clannishness of the Scotch enabled the Chief Constable to give a bit of experience at the expense of the Caledonian Association. I once met a some- what similar specimen at the Royal Eye Hospital, Manchester. He was of the tramp class, but owing to the fact that two or three influential members of the staff of the institution were Scots, he lived like the proverbial fighting cock all the time he was there. METAPHYSICS. _ .

_ The fondness of the Scotsman for metaphysics reminds me of a miner's definition. He said : "Two teen are discussing ; neither of them knows what he is talking about, neither do the hearers understand a Word of it all—that's metaphysics." PRETTY ROUGH.

4 . university extension lecturer of my acquaintance tells me a good story against himself. It was his first experience of a mining district, and be thought he was doing very well indeed, when a collier walked to the front of the platform and said "Young man, I don't blame you, you've done your best, but those who sent You here ought to be hanged ! " LADY ADVOCATES.

The writer Of "Women's Chat" avows the con- viction that women are destined to be admitted to the practice of the liw. They are already acting as advocates in our courts. There are lady factory inspectors who conduct their own cases before the Magistrates, and the two of whom I have had experi- ence were remarkably clever at it, too, their iirc'ee-examination of witnesses and addresses to the ~ench leaving nothing to be desired. uONVERSION. In his lecture at Bold-street Wesleyan Church, the E Rattenbury strongly pleaded for the old doctrine of conversion. A while ago I attended a conference cf the United Methodist Church, and one /minister took the direwly opposite view. No doubt it -was very courageous on his part, but of course a tremendous hubbub ensued. LOOK you. In bis lecture on trade in the middle ages, Mr Dalby Rave instances of systematic dishonesty, particularly in regard to hay and wool. It may interest yon to know that heavy stones are still used in adding to the Weight of such trerchandie. My informant is a wool- stapler, and he tells me that often on opening a con- bignment from Wales he has discovered big stones deliberately introduced for the purpose of fuer easing the weight of the wool. A COINCIDENCE. The rapid development of Saskatchewan, mentioned in last week's " Examiner," reminded me of an ititaresting correspondent whom I have in Moose Jaw. The family. are Catholics, and when they joined their the for the purpose of crossing they found among tile Passengers a nun who had acted as teacher to two oltheir litVe girls. She was going to the same place and her pupils would be able to resume their studies u that her tuition. The point is that neither was aware Li:Qat the other was emigrating with the intention of ttling in the same Canadian town. FORMING IN CHURCHES. ,The paragraph respecting the ishop's veto of a iuYatery play which it was proposed to give in a 'endon Church leads me to remark that some of our Nonconformist Churches occasionally go to the 0 wPipesite extreme. I confess that I received a shock tee, attending a sale of work in a certain denomina- piou) nal schoolrcom, I found a party of decidedly vulgar titliling minstrels giving their performance in the chapel, 'sing the communion as platform.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILL UPON CHILL. 7" GREATEST DANGER OF THE

ENGLISH WINTER.

dtiT,.;lle atidden variations of weather and temperature English winter account for the fact that m-‘ll9l influenza and severe colds are the rule, even alt-ea°kneg,:itillee most hardy individuals. Every chill has a g effect and renders you an easy victim of Painful rheumatism, or, it may be, hacking coughs and izchest troubles that often lead to serious develop- of Usually the stomach becomes feeble and loss 15.'„ aPPetite, with severe indigestion follows Just as ti`elY, your nerves become so affected that you grow and ill for work or recreation. Ystea„ The lesson of all this is that you must fortify your a effects 'sufficiently to resist and overcome these evil of n Wil chills.' There is new strength for you in r• liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, for, unlike ord medicines, these Pills nourish your enfeebled creating gcod red blood, while they enrich Your blood that has been made weak and impure by chill after chill. With this new blood made by Dr. Williams Pink Pills in your veins, you gain strength, Your appetite Yo returns, yorir nerves are fortified, and u overcome all the evil effects of chills and influenza. This is made evident by Mrs E Wallis of 38 Shaw 6treet, Derby, who states :—" Some time ago I caught severe chill, and was soon a wreck from irregular health and weakness. I took much medicine, but became thin lao • so n and pale that I decided to go to spat. One doctor was so anxious that he fre- quently bad me weighed. Ile said that my trouble Scarcely any wasl. wasting debility with bloodlessness, following a se_arly every 1 fact, diet seemed to agree with me; f mouthful of nourishment was ?llnsted by severe pains through my chest and shoulders. In spite of treatment I got thinner and thinner. Then I turned to Dr Williams' Pink Pills. Steadily _nlYa appetite grew keen; soon I could eat regular 16. I bad no more pain, and food nourished me. I was ned weight and colour and went on improving quite cured. Dr Williams' Pink Pills rfesgthened my system and gave me new blood; and have never had any illness since." pinilßin to get strong to-day by taking Dr Williams' dealer Pills for Pale People. They are sold by most metlung s.(and never be misled by shopmen's talk about Med' • ese , I or send direct to r ) d dt• D Williams' 'eine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, E.O. post free Od. per box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes. These Pills ay.s in cured thousands of men and women of Rheu- neststara, Sciatica, Neuralgia, Indigestion, Bloodless- 'n'in), General Weakness, and Nervous .The Free Book. Send a post card to 46, Holborn be Blood." Viaduct, London, for the helpful Book," Diseases of ,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ing con- ;,and the .he most under- I friends ) at 7.30 I by Ali* dl up to gather- s highly lering of 2e hands ir debut, unctions an excel-

'en ware

musical

hour of lastings. ,tt and 17, thowed ved by a ' by Mr hplauded• player" deserved Devon that he et " Bar- given by as well pplause. in good audience 3 sketch ed much .ncore, to its," and s Carrie soprano Jones

ed. Her vhich she a very

always a lering of -editable- Dice, and or which " Within ncore, to Madame lar local Percy WY adgment- e with 3

allusions Lve lived Pictures men and ip above. superior occupies customs ,od ones. example. d grapes n. They Lbecause nutritive of using 2ombined

lib flour,

a basin, ugh. Put pit gently' Dn, fresh

Henrietta e positing the ladY Lois High' smashed mid. The solicitor,

aria-road, morningnce wag of the listurbed. anel was ro• FullY hich was ,contain- was not cked tha Ind anew y and the loss iS

. novice. hour to Is and a ro found

evening orded for irths and

diture in widened. f fencing. I decided it resolu- ct should ;Mier had e council ths later, time on .er.) Mr must be ef among

[NG. eet, were Bi r house pleaded for Mrs

I was a the St. oen yearS very day the eye

at the e bets fo on his Lrofitable Harrison in the ies. He Lt during ,e police, lost the formerly nspector that this ith said Led Mgt a mob. ter, fined 3 against

===== 0002601_19130208_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
" SUNRISE. "

ALDERMAN BENNETT'S ANNUAL OUTBURST.

[By C. E. Parker.]

The "Sunrise Annual" which has just appeared is a very readable publication, and contains admirable comments on the principal events, national and local, which occurred in 1912. Perhaps the greatest interest of this publication is that it gives us an annual insight into the versatile mind of Alderman Bennett, and we think we are justified in calling it "Alderman Bennett's Annual." The introductory poem on Canada is worthy of Rudyard Kipling. It is as full of noble sentiments as it is of questionable state- ments masquerading as facts. We are proud of our local poet even when he appears to us to convey economic absurdities in Imperial- istic verse. The poem concludes: "Fools are we all and traitors everyone, If we the chance should miss." In prose language the chance we are not to miss is that of putting a tax upon all we need from abroad for the benefit of the wheat industry in Canada, those engaged in the same having plainly said they do not want such taxes imposed. But it is too bad to try and lower the flight and interrupt the song of our local lark ; his home is in the heavens and to attempt to bring him down to -earth is a sorry task.

_ The main article "The progress of the year "is written by the same pen. It reveals, what is rare in these days when party divi- sions are so strongly marked, an independ- ence of mind which (whether we agree or differ) is very refreshing. The Alderman is nothing if not original. He condemns the Welsh Disestablishment Bill because it does not hand over a substantial slice of the endowments given prior to 1662 to the Non- conformist bodies which came into existence after 1662. While favouring such a plan he adds "We at any rate as Nonconformists will not countenance the plan." That is the plan in the Bill. Alderman Bennett has lost touch with the spirit of Nonconformists if he thinks they desire, or would accept, any of the endowments in question. To the Non- conformists this is a national question and they approach it from the standpoint of citizens. Before the Alderman speaks as " We " he should be sure he represents any- one but himself in making a claim on behalf of Nonconformists for national church endowments. In regard to Home Rule the Alderman thinks the Irish people should be denied the form of Home Rule they desire, and be made to !accept a form the Alderman has thought out. He calls for some sort of reference to the country on Home Rule, but being a food taxer, naturally does not see much need of a Referendum on Food Taxes.

That the Alierman should, in poetry and prose give expression to sentiments antagonistic to some of the Acts of the Liberal Party was to be expected. But if Mr. Bennett lashes the Liberal Party and its Government with whips, when he comes to his own party he uses scorpions. For example, speaking of the attitude of the Conservative party on the Insurance Act, he says" We have seen the astounding spectacle of a great party who acclaimed it with exaggerated praises at the outset, finding that they might make party capital out of its defects, assailing it with a bitter and an unscrupulous animosity not often paralleled in all the squalid annals of party warfare." But the Alderman reserves his strongest censure for the recent action of the Conserva- tive party in regard to the practical abanddn- ment of the proposed Food Taxes. He says, "And what shall we say of the latest mani- festation of political cowardice and inepti- tude? " After this breezy start conies a description of the Tory Leader's Albert Hall statements P. bout Food Taxes. He then pro- ceeds : `.` It seemed a sensible and workable suggestion, but . suddenly a great provincial daily began to vigorously assert that we could not possibly win unless we either dropped the Food Taxes or submitted Tariff Reform to a Referendum. . What malign influence prompted this unfortunate and ill-timed declaration we cannot tell. But all the poltroons of the party, on the platform and in the press, have been tumbling over each other ever since in their anxiety to disclaim the policy which has for ten years been 'the main constructive plank in the Tory plat- form." To calmly propose, as some of our would- be leaders do, to drop Food Taxes altogether is a policy only worthy of a party which is destitute of either principle or honour. i Any criticism we would be nclined. to make on the recent evidence of opportunism of the Tariff Reform party would looks pale when placed beside the lurid words of the local Tariff Reform President. Alderman Bennett has become a perplexing problem to his own party. They thought by placing him on the box seat of the Tariff Reform coach be would be made to realize his responsibility and obey party orders,so when they tell him to turn aside from the straight and only road to Colonial Preference, upon which the coach has been travelling for the last ten years he refuses, and says the orders are due to "malign influence, and the policy destitute of principle or honour," The Alderman's position locally is very similar to that of his national leader, they both have got their orders from the party to turn aside from the straight road into that which leads to the Protectionist abyss. Mr. Bonar Law (with a bad grace it is true)pulls hard on the reins and turns down the new road. It will be interesting to see whether our Warring- ton Tariff Reform leader will obey the pro- prietors of the local coach, or whether he will attempt to drive straight on in spito of them and perchance perish in the attempt. As to this we must" wait and see." For the present the coach is at a standstill, the trailer—the Tariff Reform van—is sent to rest in its shed, the voice of its orators are no longer heard in the streets, and there is a blessed calm at Bridge Foot.

MOTOR FIRE ENGINE FOR LANCASTER. A powerful motor fire engine has just been put into service at Lancaster. It is of the Merryweather petrol " Hatfield" type, with pumps to deliver 450 gallons per minute, and can travel at 40 miles an hour on the level. In addition to ample accommodation for fire- men, hose and gear, the ruachino also carries a 50ft., fire escape, and a special feature of the equipment is a 50 gallon tank from which the plump can draw a supply of water and throw a lin. jet for " first-aid " work. At the official tests last week the engine amply proved its capabilities. Starting with the "first-aid " jet, one, two, three and four jets were afterwards shown at work. In one of the tests with the pump drawing direct from the water main and employing a lin. jet, a pressure of 2051b5. per square inch was secured, thus amply proving the capacity of the pump to augment the existing town water pressure.

The Examiner, Saturday, February 8, 1913.

The story of the funeral harmonises with the rest. It is a " communal " funeral in which all show homage to the dead bird. There is no printed version of our familiar "Who killed Cock Robin ? " until 1744. As to its age we cannot guess, but it stands here in printed form quite a finished pro- duct. Nor has it changed very much since. Here are the four first verses. Who did kill Cock Robin? I said the sparrow, with my bow and arrow And I did kill Cock Robin. Who did see him (lie? I said the fly, with my little eye, And I did see him die.

And who did catch his blood ? I said the fish, with my little dish, And I caught his blood, And who did make his shroud ? I said the beetle, with my thread and needle, And I did make his shroud.

The bullfinch (not the bull) tolls the bell and the concluding refrain runs: All the birds of the air Fell to sighing and sobbing, When they heard the bell toll For poor Cock Robin. Little pathetic ditties which make the birds take part at funerals are common to Italy, Germany, Spain and France. The German says: Who is dead? The pauncr. Who digs his grave? The cuckoo. Who rings the bell? The stork. Who'll be the scholar? The Pee-wit, &c.

The Spanish makes the cat carry the coffin and the ravens ring the bell, while the partridge bears the mourning.

A SUMMARY AND A GUESS.

We do not suggest that the Cock Robin dirge as we now have it is of great antiquity, but our recital of the points of interest in connection with bird sacrifice has probably convinced our readers that it contains a very definite echo.

Let us recapitulate. One of the earliest religious habits of our ancestors was the sacrifice of sacred birds, of which the wren was one.

The wren has been hunted and sacrificed with a traditional ceremonial until our own day. _ _

Throughout Western Europe this has been observed at the winter solstice of the turn of the year. .

Carvings in Egypt show that bird sacrifice was practiced there 18 centuries ,before the Christian era and that the idea of the birds sorrowing over a victim was present then. Nursery rhymes exist which show that the victims were cut into pieces, each part down to the last feather being regarded as precious, witnesses attesting to the death of the victim.

The robin along with the wren was sacri- ficed as shown in " The testament of the Robin."

Throughout Western Europe there are rhymes and songs which are in the nature of dirges over dead or sacrificed birds. Possibly we shall be right if we regard "Who killed Cock Robin" as a playful survival of what was once a serious ritual.

The dirge sung o—N-T-er the sacred birds at their sacrifice may be reflected in it, or it may be part of a longer recital which told that Interesting bit of bird-lore the marriage of " God's cock and hen," the sacred wren and robin. Perhaps an early part of the poem describing the wedding and the intru- sion of the cuckoo is lost and we have retained only the funeral dirge which con- cludes the story. But we have strayed into the realm of con- jecture and must cease. If our readers can take the facts and form a better theory it will be pleasant to hear from them. A. M.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
MARQUIS OF HERTFORD'S AFFAIRS.

A PROPHECY!

NATIONAL SERVICE COMING.

V REAL BR

fr t 4 kii 1

===== 0002601_19130208_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
_ ____ :ulating coffek lade with SY:\IINGToN's Coffee Essenc:: is welcome on every table. By adding boiling water to Symington's you can make the test cup of coffee in less than 30 seconds. As economical as it is expedttious. Insist on Symington's. Thos. Symincton .5,, Co., Edinburgh and London. SI ON'S COFFEE ESSENCE

8 ........ i ....._ . _ , ~. .., r, \ \ , , Delicious, stim ' nr - 0 ' ~.. e

===== 0002601_19130208_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR DESTROYER

James' Depilatory Instantlyremove s Superfluous Hairs from the face, Neck, or Arms, without injury to the slin. Of most chemists; or, free from observation, post free on receip of Postal Order for Is. 3d., 28. 9d. or 51.—Mrs. N. JAMES, 268. Caledonian Road, London, N.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ii'Ait',";"y:,,:-..,',;-,::•,.,- lAsillo 4,,,P`k .T''JW* ,:t: ,-,''k• l' ,> .% ‘a.' sig. ' ' ' .C.,,'S ' . ,:.,?(...•;,c,-.,-::.,-,;;'..i.:,, 4,, f ' • 409 4 7.'s .:.• , ~,4-,...:; .4- • ...: . :.::.•.• ... .44.--iir..;,-,,, •.,,,,,.... 4,.....,_ - 2 • -; .....-...;.:.;::., -5,............v.f,...• •,... • . -,or 7" ... - .• , • ..:.• ............**; FoR THE ' -',:ttii::i::: FARMER, ::;:;i::::::::::,,,,,•.::::..10i: and .-...*::..:..- FARM ..::•::::::..:....:::...,:: DOMESTIC WORKER ••••''''. SERVANT. SPLENDID COUNTRY. HEALTHY & WEALTHY. FERTILE SOIL. WELL WATERED. PLENTY OF WORK. GOOD WAGES. 1 For full particulars apply to : THE HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR NEW ZEALAND (Emigration Dept.), 13, Victoria St., London, S.W. •

===== 0002601_19130208_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
. . • „ • A:. • • •••• ••, • • . ,• , 19 • • ‘O4 1 " , - • •• • e • •.s. • •••• • V• • ' ,••• •*• • • • •.• •••; • •• • • • of

on the land at good wages. Domestic Servants will be provided with good homes and good pay at any time

For free maps, pamphlets and further particulars, apply to Mr. J. OBED SMITH, Assistant Superintendent of Canadian Emigra- tion, 11 & 12, Charing Cross, London, S.W.; Canadian Government Emigration Agent, 48, Lord Street, Liverpool, or any licensed booking agent.

'..o' t I .... .. , '..,'.,...1........1:: ....:...,.::: .....:.........:. ~1:.:,,::i' ,::::;:,i;,:.:::::, '.:.:,::...:....:1;:.:1";.:::..... ...::::..........:::::::1.:•:*: ' ''',;,:,..,....::::::

*,

of fera a

DA

===== 0002601_19130208_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
°'°l4

Cures when all remedies fail It acts like magic relieving all pain and throbbing and soon cures the worst CORNS and BUNIONS. Boxes is. 11/2d. of all Chemists.

M. lISETHAM & SON, Chemists Cheitenhtim,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two starnr a fr our 32 page Illustrated Book, containing Valuable Information how all Irregularities and Suppressions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Tbousannds of Testimonials. Estab. 1862.

MR. PAUL BLANCHARD, Clarpmont House. Dalstor, Lane. Londnn.

The health and vigour of an individual depends upon quantity and quality of the blood. When the tissnel have been at work there are thrown into the blood waste products and if these be not eliminated but (through any cause detained in the blood) they influence nutritios and funcsia and finally produce organic. disease'. 'Humanitarian.' In cases of Scrofula. Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effectiveness of Clarke's Blood Mixturs is marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture sold every- where, at 25., 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 5.

CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are warranted to cure in either sex all acquired or constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 40 years. In boxes 49. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world,or send for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co.,Lineoln.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
GU ',RANTEE

STEADY WORK

of the year.

The Examiner, Saturday, February 8, 1913.

DEFYING THE MAYOR.

ANGRY SCENES AT THE COUNCIL MEETING.

Resentment.

Threat to Close the Meeting.

Fever heat is rapidly becoming the normal tempera- ture of the Warrington Town Council. The monthly meeting on Tuesday evening was characterised by even angrier scenes than took place last month and at one stage it locked as if a deadlock would be reached, the Mayor threatening to close the meeting, if certain members did not obey his ruling. The trouble arose over the purchase of properties required for street improvements. The prices to which exception was taken appeared on the private agenda, and the Mayor ruled that, in the interests cf the Corporation, they could not be discu.sed publicly. Councillor Pemberton promptly challenged the ruling and a brisk passage-at-arms resulted. Councillor Gough joined in the fray and was sternly ordered by the Mayor to "sit down." Ultimately Councillor Pemberton bowed to the Mayor's decision, but said he should take steps to acquaint the public with the facts concerning the purchases, which he regarded as improper. In a sub- sequent discu.sion on the suggested provision of a new organ for the Parr Hall, Councillor Gough again came into collision with the chair, and was threatened with ejection. So protracted were the debates, that at 9.30 part of the business—chiefly a proposition by Coun- cillor Osborne that an official shorthand writer to the Corporation be appointed—was deferred until the next meeting.

When the minutes of the Finance and Estates Committee came up for confirmation Councillor LASHFORD called attention to a minute on the private agenda %hit% he described as misleadin,g to the menthers. He moved that Mr Peter Taylor property be not, purchased. He said that the rown Clerk had made an offer of £1,050 without the sanction of the committee He understood that the Town Clerk claimed that he alone had the right to make a statutory offer. Was not that so ? lhe TOWN CLERK: No. I never made such a statement.

The MAYOR.: rhe Town Clerk never made such a claim. Councillor LASHFORD: lie told the members of the committee that he alone made the statutory offer. The MAYOR: The Town Clerk told the committee that he consulted with the valuers appointed by the Corporation and then made the statutory offer on the strength of that. Councillor LASIIFORD : Yes; but he makes the offer without the consent of the committee. The Town Clerk impressed upon the committee that the gross assessment was £2l 15s.

The Mmron. : Councillor Lashford, I must appeal to you. This is all very improper. We have got other arbirations iu future, and these facts being publicly discussed will affect the interests of 03 Corporation very materially, Councillor LASHFORD: Quite right, Mr Mayor. The MAYOR: Then I must ask you if you intend to go into this subject that we resolve into committee. Councillor LASHFORD : My reason is this-- The MAYOR: Never mind your reasons. That is my ruling. Councillor LASIIFORo : Mr Mayor, we cannot get the information we desire on the committee and I think we ought to get to know publicly._

The Mayo: You can get it: if you-desire.. Councillor LASIIFORD : Mr Mayor, allow me please. It is not correct that the assessment is £2l 15s and members on the committee know it.

Councillor BIRTLES : IS this in order—discussing this matter ?

The MAYOR: I have told him it is not. Councillor LASH FORD : That is one reason why I I object to this property being purchased. (Cries of " Chnir.") The MAYOR : I have told you you are not in order. You must either stop the discussion or resume your seat. Councillor L ASHFORD again rose and was assailed with cries of " Sit down."

Councillor CHA'szTEEt—inquired if the land was being retained for the purpose for which it was bought. The MAYOR: All that is required for the widening of the street.

Councillor PEMBERTON : lam rather surprised at this ruling. I was prepared to support the resolution that this be referred back. It is a ratter of great public interest, because a 521 year's purchase is to be given for this property.

. . - The MAYOR : Imu 3t say exactly the same to you as to Councillor Lashford.

Councillor PEMBERTON : You may say that. The MAYOR: Yes, and I intend to enforce it ; it is not a case merely of saying it.

Councillor PEMBERTON Very well, sir. The MAYOR: If you like to move that the Council go into committee, you can discuss it. Councillor PEMBERTON : lam not going to do that Tam here to represent, the public, and they ought to know.

_ • . Lid MAYOR: You must obey my ruling. I won't have it diecussed any further,

Councillor PF.mnircros : I am asking you about a Standing Oder. I wish you would not be so impatient with mo.

The MAYOR (warmly) : I am not being impatient with you. I am sticking up for the dignity of the chair, which I am afraid has been lost sight of. Councillor PEMBERTON again interjected a remark and the MAYOR retorted : Will you listen to me ? I think it is you who are impatient. 1 say lam sticking up for the dignity of the chair, and if you have got no feeling in that direction, 1 have. lam sorry you show so much want of sympathy with the chair. That is what I have got to say to you, sir. Councillor GOUGH : I should like to say we have a duty to somebody else besides yourself. We have a duty to the public. tChries of " chair "). The MAYOR (indignantly) : Sit down, sit flown, order.

Councillor GOUGH made an endeavour to addreas the Council. The MAYOR : Sit down.

I WILL STOP THIS MEETING.

if you go on in this way. I will break up the meeting. Councillor GOUGH : You may stop it. We have got a public duty cud if you refuse to allow those miau tea to go back— _

ftie NI AYoR vigorously rang his bell. Councillor PEMBERTON : I don't know of ri.ny occasion in my public lite when I have disobeyed your

The MAYOR: You have now. Councillor -PEMBERTON : lam not aware of it. How have I done it ?

Alderman TINNION : Don't argue with the chair. Councillor PEMBERTON : It is all very well for you, Alderman Tinnion. I was going on to mention some- thing quite different. Standing Order 42—which was passed after great deliberation by the Council—says. ,pecifically that no property shall be purchased by any official or committre without the sanction of the Council, and that, the minutes relating to the purchase of property by any committee shall be printed on the. Council agenda. If that does not specifically state that. it is to be public, I don't know what could. I claim that this thing ought to be discussed. If you rule that. it shoull not be--

Councillor ROBERTS: I rise to a point of order. The MAYOR: I t can be diecussed in committee but. not in Council,

Councillor PEMBERTON : The Standing Order sayw the Council. _ . _ _

.-6(;un-c-iil-O-r ROBERTS : This is all directed to challenging your ruling, Mr Mayor, and I object. Councillor BIRTLES pointed out that the minutes OD the private agenda were marked " private," and if that did not mean private he did not know what was. Councillor I'EMI3ERTON asked for the Mayor's ruling 7 upon the Standing Order which he had quoted. Thou Order said such questions were for the Council, and did, not say anything about any committee. The MAYOR : My ruling is this—in the particular instance I take the latitude of considering Corporation, interests. Acting upon those grounds my ruling is. entirely formed and I certainly have the feeling that the interests of the Corporation should go above and beyond any bylaw or standing order. Councillor PEMBERTON : Very well. I think the) chief interests e r.) those of the public, but I bow to your ruling. The MAYOR: If you like to discuss this in com- mittee it is quite right. Councillor PEMBERTCS : But I don't wish to disouss it privately. I think the public are entitled to know,. but I bow to your ruling. I want to second the amend- ment and give the Co incil the reasons why-- The MAYOR: If y3u vrtint to discuss it you mur; move that we go into committee. Councillor PEMBERTON : Why should I? I don't believe in committees. The MAYOR: I ,iave given my ruling. Councillor PEMBERToN (speaking rmid cries of "chair ") Why should we discuss it in private, when it is a matter of public. interest. You are giving 524 years' purchase— The MAYOR: I say you shall not discuss it under the present conditions, not in open Council, and I stick ; to my ruling. Councillor PEMBERTON : lam preparei to discuss it , under your conditions. The MAYOR (after a long pause) : I am waiting for you to take steps that wa resolve into committee. ; Councillor Gough: Councillor Pemberton, I think, is like most of the members—(Cries of " chair " and "bit down "). We have a right to discuss public business in open Council. The MAYOR: Councillor Gough, if you don't behave. yourself, I'm afraid

Councillors Pemberton and Gough Rouse the Mayor's

===== 0002601_19130208_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
UNPARLIAMENTARY WORD.

Councillor PEMBERTON : I withdraw it and I say that the misrepresentation that is going on is simply unbearable. Surely the minute can be prodlced if it. were passed. The TOWN CLERK : I have given the fullest information to the General Purposes Committee, which consists of the whole of the members of the Council. I have explained thmt nothing has been done by me with- out the authority of the committee until the stage when the arbitration proceedings have been commenced I claim that when legal proceedings are commenced their conduct is in my hands. (Hear hear.) Councillor PEMBERTON : I claim that this 'flitter was not brought before us before it was settled. The committee never fixed the statutory offer and lad nothing to do with the engaging of experts. It is a ridiculous position to be in. All this

PIFFLE ABOUT PRIVACY is ridiculous. There are only two ways of purchasing property—either by Act of Parliament or provisional order. Whoever is concerned in the property has to be served with notice of the Corporation's intention to purchase it. Can you go and buy it privately without the owner knowing that the Corporation is the purchager ? It is absiird. All the members seem to run away with the difference between the public pur- chase of property and the private purchase. The Corporation cannot go secretly and buy. Councillor BROA DIIURST The/ have done so, and have E ved thousands of pounds to this town. (Bear, heir.) Councillor PEMBERTON : I say, without fear of contradiction, that this Corporation cannot legally buy property privately. Councillor Wit.KlNsorr : It cln negotiate. Councillor PENIBERTON : If everything is straight and above board there in no reason why we should no t get to know whit we want to know. The MAYOR.: Why should we have all this lecturing? Why don't yon stick to the point? C iuncillor Pemberton : I want to show you that-- The MAYOR: Well, you need not try to show me. I don't wont to be shown by you. I can learn what I want to know in my own way, without being lectured by von. Councillor PEM BERTON : Well, if you don't want to be included, I want to show the Council. (Cries of "Order," " Order," and "Chair," Chair.") Chair.") The MAYOR. : The Council don't want it. Ootincillor PEMBERTON : I want the poblic to know how their representatives are acting. Tney are giving extravagant and ridiculous prices-- The N 1 A YOR : Well, go to Market Gate then. 1:0BoCi110r PEMBERTON : No, sir. This is the properly constituted place. As long as I am within my rights I ought to be heard here. The MAYOR: I don't think you are. You are wandering from the subject. T don't see why you should lecture this Council touching matters that are certainly irrelevant. Some of them are at any rate, and others are bordering upon the irrelevant. Counciltoi PEMBERTON : I was trying to show the Council

Tbe MAYOR.; Well, you did not succeed. Councillor PEM BERTON : Up to four months ago we bought properly at very reasonable prices without secrecy and won arbitration cases, end that was because certain members of the Corporation forced it. Now we are departing from that principle, and I say that shall fight every inch of the w-iy.Since then I say,caltnly and coolly, that property has been improperly pur- chased, and such ridiculous prices given that were never known in any Corporation or market in England. If I cannot discuss it here I shall discuss it outside. Councillor WILKINSON : No property has been pur- chased by the Corporation without the best bargain being made that could be made, and the property to which attention has been called by Councillor Pember- ton is one of the best bargains the Corporation have completed for many years. (Hear, hear.) It was through no fault of the Council that we had to go to arbitration. It is only as a last resource that we do so. In this case we saved the whole of the arbitration costs by mutually agreeing with the owners of the property, and it was the best purchase the Corporation had made for many years. The minutes were then agreed to.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. F. NEILSON, M.P., AND THE FREE CHURCH MOVEMENT.

Mr F Neilson, M.P., who opened a Wesleyan bazsar at Almondbury, Huddersfield, on Saturday, said that the Free Church movement was indeed a mighty one, end its people, afflicted by the low wage system, had done marvellous things. If they brought God's truth on earth they would abolish poverty and the diseases attendant upon it. They could establish Heaven upon earth, but it would be as far off in the next two thousand years as in the past two thousand years unless the Churches made up their mind to go for the truth. God never meant such a world to endure as the one we had to-day.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
I SHALL HAVE TO TAKE STERN MEASURES.

Councillor COUGH: Take any course )ou choose. I am here to do a puolic duty an I shall do it. During this incident Councillor Pemberton kept to his feet.

The MAvoR : Whit are you standing for? Counctllor ..PEMBERTON : I wish to discuss this question, and as you will not let me discuss it openly, I am prepared to discuss it in your way. Toe MAYOR: Well, you must move that we resolve into committee.

Councillor 12EMBERTON : NO, sir. I think it is certainly wrong. I have never moved for a committee in my life. I always want to do things publicly-- The MAYOR : Will you get one of your friends to move it? _ _

Connciilor PEEMERTON : No, sir, we don't believe at all in privacy. Alderman SMETHURST : I move that we proceed with the business.

Councillor PEMBERTON : I claim my right, as repre- senting the ratepayers of the Latchford Ward, to discuss the question publicly. If you stop me from speaking, I shall bring it before the proper authorities. I am prepared to now to your ruling, but I certainly won't move that we go into committee. I shall certainly discuss this matter publicly. The NI AYott : You can make any threat you like. Councillor PF.m BERTON : It is not a threat. It will be published. Alderman : Call upon the next speaker. Councillor WILKINSON asked Councillor Pemberton if he was aware of the whole of the whole of tbe trans- actions. If be wee, there was no need to discuss the question, and Councillor Pemberton's only object in persisting in his attitude was to gain public notoriety. Councillor PEMBERTuN : I don't know that I do know all.

Councillor WILKINSON: Oh, more than anyone else. Councillor WRITES : I move that the matter be no.. put. Alderman SMETHURST : I second it. Councillor PEMBERTON : I claim my right to discuss these minutes.

The MA : And I deny your right. YO3 can discuss them in conunittee.

Councillor PEMBERTo-N I obey your ruling but under protest. I say it is a matter of public concern and interest to the rateptiyecs. The MAYOR : I have given my ruling in the same intPrests as you claim your right. Councillor PEMBERTON : I am not doubting your good faith, but I bow to the ruling under protest. I say it is laid down in the Standing Orders that the mstter ought to be discussed publicly. Councillor BIRTLES (to the Mayor) : Perhaps you did not hear what I said. I beg to move that the question be now put. Councillor PEMBERTON : I should like to ask the Town Clerk's ruling as to whether anybody else can get up whilst lamon my feet. Mr Birtles is out of order as he always is. Alderman TINNION : Councillor Pemberton is not in order as long as be is disobeying the ruling of the Mayor.__ _

rtiß MAYOR (to Councillor Pemberton) You are not on your feet as long as you are disobeying the chair.

Councillor PEMBERTON : I am not disobeying the chair. lam waiting to discuss it under your terms. The MAYOR: How can you get my terms ?—I have give you the opportunity of moving-- Councillor PEMBERTON : By you yourself moving that we got into committee. The rown Clerk should advise you of that. lam not the Town Clerk. • The MAYOR: lam not going to take any action I don't think necessary.

COUDOMOT PEMBERTON : You have ruled that it is. Toe MAYoft : it is for your benefit that lam sug- gesting it. 1 don't want to go into committee at all. I don't think it is necessary.

Couucillor PEMBERTON : I quite agree with you We ought to discuss it openly.

The-MAYoR : It is indiscreet to discuss it here. Councillor PEM BERTON : 1 don't agree with you on that point, but I obey your ruling. The MAYOR : You don't teem to be obeying it. You are still on your feet obstructing the business of the Council.

Councillor PBMBERTON No, sir. I want to go on with the business of the Council. I wish to discuss this. (Cries of Oh.") It is one of the most important things that has ever been before the Council. The MAYOR : You are always saying that. Councillor GouGH : It is not fair. It is public business and we have a right to discuss it. Councillor WILKINSON : You would not know any- thing about it, if we told you. Shut up. The MAYOR I shall have to put the "question."

Councillor PEMBERTON : Surely those- gentlemen who want to go into committee will move it. Who is afraid of moving that we go into Committee? I won't move it, because I don't believe in Committees. Alderman TINNIoN : Be man enough to do your own work. Councillor PEMBERTON : I don't with it. I think it is very unfair that you should wish for any committee.

The MAYOR `.. go, you want to diEouis it here.

say it is not in the interests of the Council or of the ratepasers whom yon are so fond of talking about. You are the only champion of the ratepayers' interests, according to your own ideas. Councillor PEMBERTON : On, no, I don't say that for a moment. But I say it is in the interests of the ratepayers— The MAYOR: I say it is not to the interests of the public to discuss it openly. lam not going to do for you a thing I disapprove of altogether. You must do it yourself if you want it done. Councillor PEMBERTON : But I don't want it done. I want to discuss it publicly. The MAYOR: You say you will obey my ruling. I won't allow it to Le discussed publicly. Councillor GOUGH : Will you allow it to be referred back so that it can be discussed in committee ? Councillor CRAM : The committee has discussed it

many times. the MAYOR: I think I am right in IGNORING COUNCILLOR GOUGH UNTIL HE APOLOGISES for his conouci, and I shall not listen to him. Councillor PEMBERTON : I second the resolution that this minute be referred back. Th. MAYOR: You can move that as long as you don't discuss the figures. Councillor PEMBERTON Of course, it would be of no use then. The MAYOR: Councillor Pemberton, I must ask you for fair play. I have decided against a certain course being taken, and you are now trying to find a pretext— another way of opening the door to the same subject. It wont do. lam not going to ne trickei into a thing like that. lam not dreaming. Councillor WILKINSON said he would propose that the Council resolve into committee—("Ob, oh ")—and give an opportunity of the matter being put to the vote. Councillor WILSON seconded. This proposition was immediately put to the meeting and deft ted. Councillor PEMBERTON (to the Slayor).—Do you now rule that I cannot discuss the question at all? The MAYOR: I have told you what I rule.—You can discuss it, without reference to figures. Councillor PNMBERTON: I think it, highly improper, but I will discuss it in public. The public shall know. Councillor WILKINSON: Fetch Islurbury Williams, will you_? _

COilOCiiiOr -PEMBERTON : Yes, he will tell you some home truths.

Councillor LASIIEORD'S amendment that the minute be referred back was then put to the meeting and defeated by a large majority, only five members voting for it. Councillor PEMBERTON then made reference to another matter on the private agenda referring to the purchase of Dobson's property for £3,150. The MAYOR: The private agenda again ! Councillor WILKINSON said he thought the Mayor's previous ruling applied in that instance. It was not right that Corporation business should be publicly dis- cussed, especially when arbitration proceedings were pending. Private business would not be conducted in that way, and why should Corporation business be so carried on ? There was plenr.,y of opportunity to dis- cuss the matter when it was presented in its final form. COUnOillOr PEMBERTON : And then it is too late. I can discuss the question without giving any of that away. The MAYOR: You have disclosed the price already. Councillor PEMBERTON : There's nothing in that. Why should not the publics know? The MAYOR: Why should not the authority of this chair be respected as well? Councillor PEMBERTON : I am not disputing your authority, surely. The MAYOR (warmly) : You are doing all you can to obstruct the business of the Council. Conncillor PEMBERTON : I move that the matter be referred back, hs it has not been brought before the Street Improvement Committee, of which I am a member. I claim that under the Standing Orders not only must the matter he brought before the commituee, but before the Council. That has not been done—in fact, the committee seem to have been a non-entity during the last three or four months—with the excep- tion of Councillor Wilkinson, of course. I forget he has inside information which I cannot get. Councillor WILKINSON: They can trust me, (Laughter). _ _

• , Couuoillor PEMBERTON : Well, they don 't trust very much then. (Lo(igbter). The MAYOR: I think theieyersonalitles.-- COM:1010r PEMBERTON : I didn't A tart them, Mr Mayor. I wish you would keep these people in order. The MAYOR: it takes MO all my time to watch you. (Laughter.)

Councillor PEMBERTON : Well, I haven't interrupted. Councillor WILKINSON thought it would be better to discuss the question when it arose on the minutes of the Street Improvement Committee. The Councillor was contending that, as the Finance Committee merely found the money, be could not be blamed in connection v‘ith the purchase when Councillor PEMBERToN observed: You don't get blamed for half enough. You are the weakest man in this Corporation. The members of the Street Improve- ment Committee are not the purchasers of these pro- perties. The Town Clerk has taken up 1., position which he has now denied, and I don't know why, unlese it is that it is simply a quibble. Councillor ROBERTS: It is not. (Hear, hear.) COMICiIIOr PEMBERTON We know you would stick up for whatever the Town Clerk says. Councillor ROBERTS: I protest that the Town Clerk never made the atatement Councillor Pemberton I referred to. Councillor PEMBERTON: You don't know anything about it. You were not there. You are not a member of the Street Improvement Committee, so you don't know. Councillor ROBERTS: I rise to a point of order. The question before the meeting is whether the Town Clerk has ever declared that he made the offers on his own initiative. At the last meeting of the General Purposes Committee when this question was discussed for a period extending into hours, the Town Clerk made a statemeir, that he made no statutory offers until after consultation with the retaioed valuers of the Corporation. The statutory offers were made on their advice and with their acquiescence. I Councillor PEMBERToN : I object most strongly, and I ask for the protection of the chair, to the con- tinual speeches of Councillor Roberts when I am on my feet. Councillor GoUGH : He (Councillor Roberts) is a favoured man. Gitmcillor ROBERTS: You should speak the truth. Councillor PEMBERTON : I always have done. I have no axe to grind, and no relatives or friends to benefit from these things. The Town Clerk clubs that he can call in the valuers himself without the consent of the committee. Councillor WILKINSON : He does not. He recom- mends and we appoint. Councillor PEMBERTON : The Town Clerk claims the right to appoint himself without consulting the committee. Will that suit you? The MAYOR: That is wrong. I know it is wrong. He may recommend to the committee, but the committee agree. Councillor PEMBERTON : Does the Town Clerk deny that he said that ? The TOWN CLERK : The valuers we have appointed were appointed by the o,.mmittee. Councillor -PEMBERTON : That is not my point. I wish to speak frankly about these things. I have no feeling in the matter. If the Town Clerk claims a certain duty, be claims it. The Town Clerk claimed ia committee that he should appoint valuers and counsel and every other legal person connected with the matter. I claim that he has not that power. Councillor GOUGH : Hear, hear. He is the servant of the Corporation. The MAYOR: That is not the question before the Council. Councillor PEMBERTON : I ern showing the Council why I am moving that the question of the purchase be set t back. We have not had anything to do with it. Councillor CRAIK : I rise to a point of order. He says the committee have had nothing to do with it. How, then,is it on the agenda,passed by the committee ? I am a member of the committee and I can assure the Council that the matter has been fully discussed and that the majority of the committee are in favour of the minutes as they appear en the agenda. (Hear, hear). Councillor PEMBERTON : Is Councillor Craik addressing the chair or am I? I don't know where I am, really. Councillor CRAIK : I know where you ought to be. (Laughter). Councillor PEMBERTON : As a matter of fact., what Councillor Craik is referring to the Town Clerk had settled and he brought it before the committee. (Interruption). The MAYOR: Order, gentlemen. Councillor -PEMBERTON : I defy the Town Clerk to produce the minute that the committee had agreed to this before their last meeting. It is intolerable, the untruth that is going on. Te MAYOR: I ask you to withdraw that

===== 0002601_19130208_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO RAILWAY THEFT.

r • - 1 , rimitl7, cb,a, HI 1111 1„::FA

===== 0002601_19130208_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S GHAT.

Hotels for Working Women.—What Lord Rowton did in establishing chei,p lodging houses for men, others are doing for women. Sir Algernon West suggested to the late Mrs Lewis, widow of the late Mr Samuel Lewis, that she might usefully devote some of her vast, wealth to his enterprise, but although she did nothing in this direction during,her lifetime, she left large sums of money for the erection and maintenance of homes for women to be called "The Ada Lewis Lodging Houses for Women." The first of these institutions,in the New Kent-road, in London, was formerly opened the other day by Princess. Louise, Duchess of Argyle, and will shortly be ready to accommodate close upon 250 women. The work girl as a rule, dislikes the word " home," and this latest attempt to solve the problem of cheap board and lodging for working women might might well be called an hotel. The cubicles each with a separate window, are all bright and airy, 'fitted with drawers and cupboard, warmed by radiators, and lit by electric light. There are spacious bathrooms, kitchen and laundry-room arrangements,seParate apartments for sewing and clothes-brushing, and in the dining room, cheap and good meals may be purchased at a restaurant bar or residents can cook their own food free of expense in the kitchen. Every possible provision is made for cleanliness, healthfulness and comfort, at a cost to the residents of 6d. per night or 35. per week. Women Rifle Shots.—Recent years have seen the establishment of several Ladies' Rifle Clubs, and year by year a smsll number of women are among the com- petitors at 13isley, where they mostly make high scores. At range firing, strength and physique are not important factors, and many women make as good shots as men. To put this to the test, a team of women, captained by Miss Eva Fenton, challenged a team of men to a shoot- ing competition at the Imperial Rifle Club in London, the conditions being ten shots at twenty-five yards. All were picked shots, and the women only lost the match by five points, tbe scores being : men 781, women 776.

Solace from the Weed.—The tobacco habit raises all sorts of controversies. Like the women's suffrage question, it divides all parties and all classes. Should the bishops smoke ? Should the clergy indulge in such a habit? Should women smoke? and should they be allowed in the smoking compartments on the railways? These questions are all provoking lively discussions en both sides of the Atlantic. A Philadelphia rector has got into hot water for saying that all people who per- mit women to smoke at their entertainments 'ought to be tarred and feathered. On this side we have Dr Boyd Carpenter, Canon of Westminster, and former Bishop of Ripon, saying that he sees no objection to the use of tobacco by women. It did not suit all women as it did not agree with all men, but if it gave pleasure to the one sex, why sheuld it not do the same for the other. Dr Carpenter will no doubt sympathise with the Bishop ' of Peterborough, who has been rebuked by the Vicar of Brigstock, for seeking solace from the weed, his remarks certainly seem calculated to encourage feminioe indulgence in the habit. It is not a matter of con- science, but whether or not it is a desirable babit,every woman must decide for herself. Concerning ileadgear.—A fashionable woman was , recently heard to remark how glad she was hats are going to be smaller, as she would have more to spend on other things ; It is quite true hats are smaller, in fact the small hat reigns supreme, but it is doubtful if this variation on the part of Dame Fashion, is making the smallest difference to the modish woman's purse. Nothing is too rich, too costly, for the small bat, and it would seem as though milliners, having little space at their command, were determined that not an inch should go unimbellishtd. The peculiar positions of feathers, broom and brush-like ornaments, and spiky arrangements, become even more peculiar as time goes on, and a fashionable assembly when bats are worn would suggest to the uninitiated that the militant suffragists had been turning their attention to women's headgear. - - _

A Suggestion for Old Fur.—The women of to-day differ from those of yesterday in nothing so much as in matters sartorial. Twentieth century dresses are bought to be worn, not to be wrapped away in lavender and to see the light perhaps twice a year at some important function. These latter have multiplied at least threefold during the last fifty years and more dresses are c'niscepontly needed. The woman with a small allowance, who is obliged to dress smartly, if she be wise, tries advantage of the good ready-to-wear afternoon dress, which during the sales may be bought, a bargain. A little fur generally improves the appear- ance of such gown. Many women have odds and ends of peltry, for which they have no use, but if taken to a good furrier, even if moth-eaten in plaees, and shabby, seemingly, it is surprising what can now be done to restore the prestine beauty of the pelt. The compara- tively small cost of cutting and repairing, will prove a good investment and when the fnr trimming is added an inexpensive read-to-wear-dress takes on on air of distinction, and looks worth at least double, often treble, the money paid for it. Pleated and Tailored Skirts.—Pleats will make their appearance in all sorts of unexpected places in the fashions for this spring. Skirts of colours that contrast with the long tunic worn over them are pleated, the tunic being cut away in front, and showing the under- skirt. Afternoon frocks of the latest designs are plkated from throat to hem. The fulness is confined at the waist by a belt which is often of draped silk closed limier a braid motif. Evening dresses are also pleated, and frequently a tunic of some filmy fabric is worn over the dress, which shows through. Ne.turally only the softest, most supple materials are thus employed. The tailored skirt is still narrow on the hips, but wider at the hem, where a flat pleat is intro- duced, or a slight but attractive drapery extends the width. This is caught up by a large braided button or a motif.

he Russian Coat.—The popularity of the Russian tailored coat shows no sign of waning. Indeed there is every prospect of a still greater vogue, for this becoming garment as the year grows older. For the coming season tailors are making the coat rather long, and using braid in the place of fur al a trimming. Usually the collar is round, but on the newer models, the Medici has been successfully introduced. Hopsack and other open weave of cloths will be employed largely for suits with Russian coats. These materials are made up just now in Paris, in mustard yellow, and similar shades, and with black trimming are very strik- ng and becoming. Black, White and Red.—Two now shades of red deserve mention. The one may be compared to a dying flame ; it is snbdued, yet deep and rich. The ether is the exact shade of the red gladiolus, and quite as vivid. Black and white alone, or in combination, have lost none of their charm, either in the realm of dressmaking or in millinery. The black evening frock mounted on white crepe de chine, and veiled in delicate lace, is very elegant, and therefore very much worn. The black bat is as firmly fixed in the affections of the fashionable woman as the black dress. Both are becoming to most complexions and always, if well made, distinctive and smart.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
£5OO VERDICT AGAINST BUS COMPANY.

In respect of the death of her husband, who ;was killed in Walworth-road by a motor-bus in July 1911, Mrs Sarah Ann Lambert, of Trafalgar-street,Walworth, was awarded £5OO damages before Mr Justice Avery on Thursday. It was alleged that the bus was going too fast and was without proper control.

Before that shiver becomes a serious chill—

===== 0002601_19130208_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EX-FIREMAN'S SUCCESSFUL CLAIM FOR

WAGES.

A singular case of considerable Interest to railive/ workers, was heard at the Warrington County Court on Monday, before his Honour Judge Stanger, R. 0., when Arthur Thompson, an ex-fireman, of Winwick-road, Warrington, sued the London and North-Westero Railway Company, for .£2 5s ad, wages said to be due, Mlto him. Mr A Browne he railwayapp appeared company. it plaintiff ape tTwaiatsrsetaprteesd thenteadt it was a custom of the company tO, pay each week's wages on Friday, but wages so pal° had been made up to midnight the previous Wednesday, or, in the event of the man being on a trip, to 9 on Thursday. The plaintiff had almost completed • trip from Camden at 7.30 on Wednesday, October 21 when be was arrested on a charge of stealing an, receiving bottles. of whisky. He was convicted-, aria the company maintained that because he had failed te complete a week's work the plaintiff had forfeited tb. whole of his week's wages.

His Honour said the -company relied upon the prim ciple, well-known in law, that, where there was 0 weekly hiring, if a person, through no fault of hill employer, failed to complete his week, he was Il4° entitled to any wages. In this case, however, th/ contract, differed from the ordinary contract of service in which each side was bound together, the one t°,, work and the other to employ for at least a week. Tb,v company were not bound for any particular period, because the widest possible power was given to the superintendent to dismiss the man for any cause , thought sufficient. The workman, however, cool not leave without giving a month's notice. In his agreement 'with the company, tb plaintiff acknowledged: "I shall not be entitle! to any wages from the date of my dismissal or for 07 time during %%bleb I shall be suspended or absent fro!! duty, for any cause." The company, however, did OP; claim any right in that document to prevent the plaina!! receiving any money during a broken week. Moreovori the wages sheet, made out after the company knew,o' the man's arrest, showed that £2 5s 6d was due to hilPi It was, however, contended that the sheet NM It properly made out. When the whole of the cirour9:, stances were known to the company, one official wror, to another stating : " You must summarily disrall" tlø, fireman Thompson. He must not be paid for any be may have been suspended." There was not Pi faintest suggestion that he was not entitled to paytne° for any portion of the week. His Honour decided that the contract was for succeirn sive trips, and inasmuch as the last trip bad not bepe/ completed, he gave a verdict for the plaintiff for P costs on the highest scale. Leave to appeal was giveti.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE MARRIAGE AND

AFTER.

Ailments which women have, often commence girlhood and continue to middle age. Neglected, the/ sow the seed of future sufferings which one shuddere to think of. No woman should wait until she aetnslil feels agonising pains in her back and sides, eplittieg, headache and general sense of oppression before seek ing a remedy. She should protect herself vvith Li! woman's medicine for women's ailments, which, well.. ing in harmony with Nature, will restore and preset:, health. Well-known is Mrs. Lydia E Pinkharli„` Vegetable Compound; it has brought joy and peace to many stricken woman. A Manchester woman writeec; "For the past three months I have used Lydia P, Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and have derive' great benefit. I suffored terribly, and now I feel different woman, and will recommend your ro(0 valuable remedy to all I can." The Lady Manager; The Lydia E Pinkham Medicine Co., 42a, Elampates°' road, London, NW.; will send a free private book women only, to ladies who mite for it. She will see. the medicine direct, post free, at 2/9, or 4/6 a bottle' Any chemist sells it, at these prices.

LIVERPOOL AND THE SLUM QUESTION. Housing and citizenship was the subject of an intereoi log lecture delivered by Mr A G Gardiner, editor fi the " Daily News end Leader," in Holborn Town flok`; on Monday evening, at a meeting held under t' auspices of the National Council of Public Morrill Housing, said Mr Gardiner, was not a question 04 justice or philanthropy, but of national necessity. 1356 housing did not pay, It had been calculated that Ibo direct loss to the community by such conditions 10 25 millions a year apart from the loss resulting f,r° sickness and the maintenance of institutions '1.1401 infirmaries, workhouses, asylums, prisons, &c., whl 0, %ere largely the corollary of evil housing conditioo, Before the National Insurance Act came into for there were certain slum areas where the general instls ance offices refused to accept people, and Liverpool bto been noteworthy for this. Mr Gardiner eulogised t1:0 Liverpool City Council for the work they had done .1( connection with the slum question, and said the Cli.ted Constable had given it as his opinion that the rehoueltiik, of tl:e people was the most valuable work that could. 4 done in the way of destroying the need for the poll force. The example of Liverpool had to be folloWegv and there was no expenditure which would rear, Te magnificent a harvest. The public had got to get 1;0 of the idea that the only duty of the community was build battleships. It was cqually important that ' should build citizens.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. S. BRIGHOUSE RETIRES FROM

SOUTHPORT TOWN COUNCIL.

if Alderman S. Brighouse has resigned his rnembers!i,), of the Southport Town Council owing to continued heath. —The Town Clerk (Mr .1 E Jarratt) reported In/ meeting of the Parliamentary Committee on Tueer'o, that he had received Mr Brighouse's resignatf°,.o together with the customary fee of one shilling. news was received with the greatest regret br'd members of the Committee, and a resolution was pO,OO to be forwarded to Mrs Brighouse syrupathisi, with her and her husband in his illoe06;b0 Mr Brighouse was the Conservative leader in 'AI Town Council, and was first elected in 1903. He is i'fi'of known and respected in Warrington as the coroner ~'er South-west Lancashire. He was the last coroPio elected by freeholders, having obtained the positioo,o 1884. At that time he became coroner for Laticasilf his jurisdiction extending over the whole of the cot)! f The election, which took place on January 16, I'W was a most exciting one. iir Brighouse's rival was.'oo Lindon Riley, of St. Helens. The Local Governo3;he Board in 1888 gave the appointment of coroner to tio County Councils. The election cost Mr Brigh°,,4 £1,119 129. 6d. lie held the inquest in the hlaybr'w Case.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
• . . •. . . ' • ' !...,• ,?*,'.,f,,'' ~ :•,'. , ' . •... f: ;‘,..',.;•;..,,, -..' '" ~, ' ,•• !,,, . , .., • ... ~ • ~ • ...!',:t 4•:•,•\,;., :s. ~. „.., . • ",.. ::, . ; •' • ;•, . ...' ' 0......• ••'•:‘; V. is -. ..• .. * ...• ••• • -;;',.,...1.•••' •,!*,i''',. , •,,..: Mlk;, , ,• ...—. •-• ~ • . _ ''•••••-• . ',:,.1",---- i0::-:. • . „ . '.., . • , , ~. - : '• :-. i....,..... ..;* . .. , ;,'. :. .• •.• * .*..•*!•:,.-- •• ~*' • . . _ .4.•••4;44,, ... : _ . . . • ..., ~, .., .. . , =_- ,4,T,A.•,•,,,-,.;.,.',.. . , _ = - I.• , ..- her r- =------------.--- ------ AI .--- - -.

4ke

===== 0002601_19130208_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ftiNiiii.,,,,,

===== 0002601_19130208_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
"A CRTE

,The R : "'ellabers— °„flicial vil LaeY parti

===== 0002601_19130208_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A,MI

===== 0002601_19130208_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

THE LYMM BILL. "A CRISIS IN THE HISTORY OF THE VILLAGE.' Alluding to the recent poll on the Lymm Parlis- raentary Bill for the purchase of the waterworks, lake, la" adjoining lands, the Rev G B Thurston (rector of rjlno3), writes as follows in the Lymm Parish :magazine for February :—" I feel I can hardly refrain, In this parish record, from touching shortly on the Ruitter that stirred the whole population of Lymm and "Ightrington to the depths last week—the Parlia- raentary Bill, in which the purchase of the lake and 'waterworks was involved. It was indeed a crisis in the history of Lymm, a crisis such as has never oocurred before end will probably never occur again. When the smoke of the battle has had time to clear ,fthWaY and when we are able quietly to contemplate "'Lags as they are, I venture to prophesy that the Pbarage and persistence of the united Council in fight- ing,for the Bill will be applauded,equally by opponents by supporters. It was a stern contest for the few „aYS it lasted and little quarter was given or received ; "ue issue itself seemed in the balance till almost the Polllng day, and it was not merely a satisfaction but a trofoutid relief to find at the declaration of the poll large majority by which the Bill was secured and 11te action of the Council vindicated The poll was much stt,rger than is usual on such occasions, reaching fully cent, of the names on the register, the numbers 14 566 for the Bill and 204 against, giving the : e,eisive majority in favour, of 362. 1,1:0 You, for whom I write in this magazine letter, the b 'tritest congratulations are due; from the parish Tbeadary in Rush Green and Higher-lane on the east to ttilleiwall Brook on the west the vote was almost solid, tere was the same unanimity wherever one went, in tO village, at Booth's-hill and at Statham, and out of flue 470 votes cast in the parish certainly over 400 must tVe gone in support of the Council. It is a great 1,,,1ng to feel that whatever else may happen in the to the beautiful lake and land surrounding it tlgether with the Dingle and waterworks, will remain eat* Possessions of the inhabitants for ever, not to tn te 'on the many far-reaching powers in other I,rections secured by the Bill. Ihe fact of the contest having taken place will not et, Without its value, for it has not only considerably eangthened the hands of the Council in their most sc:'eus and responsible task, but it will encourage its nelbers to do all in their power to justify the con- sa:ll.ee of their supporters by managing tho concern so th-ellllll' as to put, little, if any, additional burden on e rates. nuThe R. 0.8.—0 n Wednesday a large number of the t• a bets of the Lymm Lodge of the R.A.O.R. paid an visit to Rochdale. After an enjoyable repast 'Y Participated in the business of the Rochdale lodge • scIVIIIST DRIVE AND DANCE.—On Tuesday night the Aelohers of the Lymm Royal Hockey Club and the i'titaaLteur A.F.C. held a successful whist drive and dance bi.tne Drill Hall. About 120 persons entered into the ihmaeures that had been provided for them. Dancing to asilhblusio of Mr T Boothroyd's hand was carried on Re, zest until the early hours of Wednesday morning. I,,,treshnleats were served during the evening. The s'-'4l Prize winners at the whist drive were: Ist, Miss hidden number, Mrs Green. Gentlemen's, The'l‘isr„lt,o' ra Richardson; hidden number' Mr Weatherilt Ts of M.C. were performed by Mr Hoblyn. A ✓nerc• bg °and of stewards was composed of various ers of the teams. eA"I L'Aps' Cm:lr.—The committee of the Lymm eth d Club had every reason for self-congratulation on thsuccess of their concert which was held in the ~rill Hall on Monday night. The entertainment whish b„1:1 m of a rniscellaneens description was chiefly provided e. 'Mr Willia Gorman's Concert Company "The lade • rs " composed of the Misses Ella Craig st'Pranc), Celia Smyth (soprano), Ethel Smyth ontralto), Hilda Prescott (piano), Mr John (tenor) and Mr W Gorman (baritone). -.41 party contributed "Over the hills," 711terrie England," and Sullivan's well-knosyn finale s 4 A Regular Royal Queen " (Gondoliers). Their Hiring vscheiva, from " Martha " evoked demands for an encore were redoubled after the audience had been " by their singing of " Rule Britannia." The peratic number "Poor Wandering One " (Pirates of was also very good. Solos were given by : Ella Craig, "A May Morning " ; Miss Ethel "Ilst„11' “,.,-\l3, Ain Folk " ; and Miss Celia Smyth, Echo," The Misses C and E Smyth :tang the " Over the Hawthorn Hedge," which was encored. et:timorous interlude consiiting of jokes, limericks, 10;4 was given by Messrs Gorman and Poole; the "li,"er gentlemen also contributing the monologue take" 11•69 Express."—The rest of the programme was 11l up by well given selections by the Lynim Hand- ash —.„lugers (Messrs William Arcl3rri, Henry Bradburn, Jehb,,,,,radburn, William Bredburn, Win Kirkpatrick and tareh is; Ilagie), and by Mr H A Palmer, whose two DacieAeonsisted of som e smart conjuring items, accom- b9 a profuse II ow of very humorous patter. Mr Clec, not forgetting his local assistants "Elsie and itag.-g,°;) provided the most popular items of the even- eicier4e second part of the programme had to be con- rather , curtailed, no doubt owing to the late start and itarce. 4oug intervals that occurred between the various ‘, E METIIODIST " AT HOME."—The series Homes"hayshtt instituted some years ago and which L'riluil?w become an annual event were held in the asd pde Methodist Schools on Wednesday, Thursday hoolrl,"a3r• No effort had been spared to make the "°eteliii'bra With its aijacent vestries and classrooms as have be'/ "ad inviting as possible, and the result must °lents grati fmg to tnose zeoponsible. The arrange- & bf tt e• Which le choke plants, carpets, loung.s, pictures, artistic went to make up the metamorphisis showed ensernbiverception of a high order and the general Moss fr e.rnust have given complete satisfaction to the wit,evidious. That the event retains its popularity Mr fi peleed by the excellent attendarce eat,ti evening. "Ties b ''''atinP provided a splendid collection of natural Were 1„ reught from all points of the compass. These Polled tilted in a room by themselves where they coin- of e admiration and interest of a constant stream onsie—rirra• Mr Champ lucidiy described the various uefo e—h. and was unflagging in his efforts to bring taarsrepm_le guests the salient features of his many and Ruse an‘lina exhibits. Mr Howard was also in attend- Auothe:' toek charge of the microscopic department. eoluedil_reorli was devoted to Mrs Priestner's youthful a_ticee whose clever and mirth-provoking perform- We were vociferously received by crowded audiences. AlfreTust pardoned for specially mentioning Princi ,arld Lois Priestner, who sustained the "0, Pal roles in the old country sketch Ton'tirnPY's Mistake," but Elsie Wibberley, Eva teoge, Nellie Mairs and Edward Griffiths were also so lerie.PonslithleisforPossible that opportunity alone was _ hLt the ro the apparent superiority. The audience et prof oundl ern not only delighted with the children impressed with the colossal patience of us Priest. elreshment A i) tcl). ndant opular item each evening was the and ch (lice supply of refreshments. A Stall and ono on which plain and fancy

lii

hot ensures sound sleep. No cooking—no trouble—simply add hot water. Horlick's con- tains 97% valuable nourishment; it feeds and steadier the nerves, aids the digestion. A re- creating food for weary workers. Malted Barley, Wheat and Milk in powder form.

ft kL

116, 26 of all Chemists, Grocers & Stores Write Dept 4 99,tfor Free SamPle and Booklet Hoßucu•s NIA-LTED Alma Co., Slough, Bucks.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
TEDILK

railweY Court r, -A-road. Vestero be due Lift and

party to so paid inesdaY, 9 B.lo* )leted o ber 2adt ing and. ed, 'ailed to ited tbo

r succor lot bee! if for S' giveo'

===== 0002601_19130208_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
AND

lence 1: td, tbei 'budder° actualll eplittiet! )re lot,

with , worl? preeer*,e, inkbate' peace , writes.; Lydia II derive' I feel ir nOS lanai mpsteecl' book will see! a bet&

===== 0002601_19130208_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
emberoe, :.inued orted tir Tussfliso, signstco, tbs ret by_Ad ram Mord ipesthiP, 1r Do lie is wmf ironert t ooro ositiot.oo soossi';s is °ono 16, I,j was" verorottio it to l'oo grigboo blsibt

missig°

===== 0002601_19130208_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
~.. l'• 1 :.' i' ] 11 il I . ,„

I :

===== 0002601_19130208_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
•

work were displayed were also in evidence. On Wednes- day night the guests were received by Mr and Mrs G L Welford, after which an enjoyable and well executed programme was entered upon comprising pianoforte duets by the Misses M and El Wilde ; pianoforte solos by Messrs F Champ and E A Edwards ; clever violin solos by Miss Hill; a vocal duet by Lois and Alf fed Priestner, " Mynheer and his little Dutch Lady." Further variety was afforded by the talented elocu- tionary recitals of Miss Armstrong—" The Girl and the Gloves," "The Thousandth Man " and "Winter Sales." Miss Minnie Barlow, winner of the first prizes for soprano solos at the Birmingham. New Brighton, Bury and other festivals was also present, and gave delightful renderings of "Early morning," t‘ Morning and you," "All Souls Day," "A birthday" and " Vanities." Mr J H Brazendale's " I'll sing the songs of Arabe," The arrow and the song," and " The water melons were also we'l received. The: accompani- ments were splendidly rendered by Miss Shaw. The duties of host and hostess on Thursday evening fell to the lot of the Rev and Mrs R W B Whiteway. On this occasion an acceptable programme was provided by Mr A Andrews, whose masterly violin playing was much appreciated ; and by Mr Bowles's clever perform- ances on the piano and banjo ; other artistes on the piano were : Messrs 0 G Smith, F Champ, and E A Edwards. Miss Merchant gave pleasant interpretations of the soprano songs " May :Worming," "An Old Garden," and " Husheen." Recitations were contri- buted by Mr Wolstencroft and the programme was further diversified by Lois and Alfred Priestner's Dutch duet. On Friday evening the visitors were welcomed by Mr and Mrs J Edwards. The entertainment took the form of the glees " Lovely night," " Annie Laurie," " Frankl3n's Dogge," " When evening's twilight," "My love is like a red, red rose," and " Comrades' song of hope," by the Lymm Glee Party, violin solos by Mr H Burrell ; a most amusing monologue "Defective memory" by Mrs Priestner and songs by Mr Wilson. The principal workers have been Mesdames Champ, Cross, Edwards, E Moss, Welford and Messrs F Champ and U W Cross.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

WESLEY GIIILD.—The weekly meeting of the Guild was held on Monday evening, and it being the first of the month, took the form of a " Devotional Meetin,g" Mr W A Birchall presided, and an excellent address was given by Mr E Lloyd Jones of Stocktcn Heath on "The first reformation." The lesson was read by M C Morgan and a solo "Rock of ages" was feelingly rendered by Mrs Birchall. The roll was called by Mr H Tomlin and the thanks of those present to Mr Jones were voiced in suitable terms by the Chairman.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE SEWERAGE SCHEME.

Matter Temporarily Deferred.

For the present, the Padgate Sewerage Scheme, which has caused no small amount of sensation in the district, has been deferred. This decision was made known at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural District Council held in Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday afternoon, Mr G Mather presiding. There were also present :—Rev A M Mitchell, Messrs A Brooks, W Furness, P Longton, J Backhouse, J Sutton (clerk), B S Newcombe (surveyor), H H Burnage (assistant surveyor), T Kerfoot (inspector), and Dr Sephton (medical officer). The discussion commenced on the Clerk reading the following resolution from the Padgate Parish Council which had been read at a meeting of the General Pur- poses Committee on January 29th :—" That this meeting protests most strongly against the proposed sewerage scheme, sets forth that the health returns for the township for many years past have been most satisfactory and that there have been no diseases of an lepidemic nature beyond the usual children's diseases which occur in the most up-to-date sanitary districts; that an increase in the rates of anything like the sums mentioned, would mean the depopula- tion of a very. large portion of the township and there- fore we consider it would be a burden on those left to pay the rates ; that any accumulation of sewage matter in the brooks in the township could be removed by a systematic cleaning of such brooks at a small expense to the township. In view of consideration by a parish meeting and on consultation with the medical officer upon the matters set forth in the protest it was recommended by the Committee that the subject be deferred for the present. Dr Sephton said they hadhad that matter before them for many years and it had always been passed over and nothing had been doue. He had reported to the Local Government Board year after year that a better sewerage system was required for Poulton-withFearnhead. Cleansing the ditches was a nasty Way of dealing with the difficulty and he did not think it would be satisfactory. He thought they had gone so far in this matter that the Local Government Board would not allow them to escape from it. It would be injurious to the parish and detrimental to the health of the place if they did not proceed with some sewerage scheme. The health returns, be must admit, had been very fair. If they allowed all these filthy ditches to be mere open sewers, in the hot summer mouths, when they were giving out pestilential gases and poisoning the air, the result might be that an epidemic would spring out. They would bare the people affected all through- out the district, and.what would be the few thousand pounds compared with the health of the district and the deaths which would accrue? Whilst he very much objected to putting the ratepayers to any expense he thought that they could get a scheme which would be less costly than the one before them. He thought ' they could not do better than go on with some scheme, The Rev A M Mitchell; • You don't contradict the statement they make in regard to the health of the parish? Dr Sephton : The health is good. Rev Mitchell : And has been for some time ? , Dr Sephton: Yes. They make a statement on the I general state of health of the district. Mr Furness said the sewerage system aas very unsatis- factory at Padgate. He suggested that they reconsider the advisability of minimising the scheme which they bad had before them for so long.So far as some provision was being made for Padgate, they ought to go on, and not halt by the way. The doctor had said that the matter rested on the shoulders of the Council and he did not think it was fair that they should talk of solving the question by means of the ditches. The large scheme was abnormally high and very unreason- able and such an enormous scheme should not be put on the shoulders of Paegate. He suggested that they reconsider the scheme which had been formulated and which they had adopted. The Clerk : Not so far as that. Mr Furness: To retract and make some improve- ments in the scheme.

Dr Sepliton : We are not allowed by the Local Government Board to retract entirely. Mr Furness : I say the scheme is absolutely out of all reason and I should say so if it came in my district. I say in face of your (the medical officers') report that we cannot back out of it, but that we must have some scheme. I suggest that this matter be deferred and that we get a more minimised scheme. Rev Mitchell : Is there not a difference of £B,OOO between the two schemes? Mr Brooks : Between the whole scheme and the part scheme. Mr Furness: For the scheme we are getting I don't think the cost is excessive.

The Chairman : If you take a portion of the scheme the pumping has to be done just the same. The plant n ill have to be laid down just the same. The small scheme will run us in for from 4s to Gs in the S.:. People who were not tifd would clear out and that would mean empty preperty and the rateable value would be less and we should have the County rate to pay.—No man in his common senses would attempt to build in a township where the rates were lOs in the R.

Dr Sephton : And no-one would attempt to put up houses where there is all sewage surrounding his building. The Chairman : They are putting them up. Dr Sephton referred to a house so surrounued and the Rev A M Mitchell asked what had the inspector to say to that.

The Inspector: Ic is an open sewer and we have to clean it out.

Mr Furness suggested that a modified scheme should be put before the parishioners and let them consider it at a parish meeting.

WE PUT NO DROPS OR DRUGS IN THE EYES.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February

Mr Brooks: Do I understand that Mr Furness is quite clear that we have a small scheme and a large one? Is it the small scheme Mr Furness wants putting before the Parish Council. _

Mr Furness : That is what I mean, the small scheme The more modifleri scheme. _ _

The Rev A M Mitchell : The small scheme is a very big one. The Chairman: We thought you meant anothe scheme. __ _ _

Mr Furness : Submit a small scheme to them.

The Chairman : I don't think the Local Goverment Board will force us to spend£ls,ooo on a rateable value of .£B,OOO. Mr Furness : it is out of all reason. After referring to a similar country district having to adopt a scheme which increased the rates and then havidg to try another because the first %Nag unsatis- factory, the Chairman said they could get two men to clean the ditches at a wage of about £5O each per year. The Rev A M Mitchell : Yes.

Mr Brooks: £5.0 -each, and for a cart as well. The Chairman: I never mentioned cart. The farmers would cart It away willingly. If that sewerage scheme was put on Padgate then God help Pad gate. A parish meeting could be called and the decision would be stronger than that at the Parish Council. Rev A M Mitchell : Sometimes we have little surprises. The Chairman : We have congregated in Padgata from 150 to 20 children, which no other parish has. They are at an epidemic age, but there has never been an epidemic yet. Mr Furness : The conditions existing there are getting more acute year after year. The Chairman : Where are they getting acute ? Mr Furness: We have evidence of that from the medical officer's report and in the letter from the Local Government Board some time ago. As time goes on, unless you make some provision, you are going to have a condition of things which will not reflect what you have had in the past. The Chairman : That is 'meeting trouble half way and putting a cloud across. Mr Brooks submitted that the minutes be adopted, and this course was taken; the matter being deferred until a parish meeting had been held and after recon- sideration of the matter by the Council.

UI TS TO extra suit made. A Suit at 12111 is MONEY SAVED. Satisfaction is guaranteed or money returned. Call to-day and select your pattern. Only a small deposit is required when you order, the balance being payable when the garment is fetched. An extra pair of Trousers can be had from 4/9, and will prove a capital invest- ment. Note the address carefully and call at once. UITS, LT D• 3

MEASURE

“SUITS, LTD.”

sensational clearance sale of their entire stock of Suitings from 12/11 the Suit to Measure, is now in full swing. So soon as manufacturers advise that new goods are ready for delivery the sale of Suits at 12/11 must cease. Have you ordered your suit? Do not miss this grand opportunity of having an

JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET STREET., WARRINGTON,

PARR HALL ORGAN.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD.

CHOIR SOCIAL—A very successful social and dance was held in Orford School on Friday evening, the 31st ult. Thera was a good attendancs and evory thing went off without a hitch. The time passed pleasantly, and rapidly, the various games and competitions being much enjoyed. Mr R Barlow kept the company in a good humour with his humerous songs, including the " Ragtime Sea." Mr J Swinton was M.C. for the dancing which was kept up until midnight. Mr R Wilson officiated at the piano. The proceeds are to go to the choir fund for providing music, &c.

STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.—The Parochial Committee held its monthly meeting on Tuescay evening at the Hall Cafe. Mr G Pilling presided and there were also present:—J H Clarke, F Pearson, W Mclntyre, J Hallows, J Whitley, le Rose, J McDermid, H J West- brook, J R Wood, C Hallows, G 3 Brown. G F Ashton (clerk), Stanley Wright (surveyor), J Farrington (inspect or).—The County Surveyor wrote with reference to bad flooding of the road at Twenty Steps Bridge, that he was still in communication with the engineer to the Warrington Corporaticn and was going to take the matter up with the Ship Canal Company's engineer. As the committee were aware. the Ship Canal Company were responsible for the portion of the road between the gates and the abutments of the bridge, and the Warrington Corporation for the light railway track. 'Mr Pearson raised the question of the condition of Alexandra-road, which he described as a scandal and a disgrace to any community. It seemed to him that there was a permanent lake in the road and it called for strong action on their part. He proposed that a committee inspect the village with a view to making application to the Local Government Board for this and other streets requiring it to be scheduled under the Private Street Works Act.—This was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
RIS LEY.

INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHURCH, FEARNHEAD.— A grand concert and tea was held in the above place on Saturday last. Mr E Barton occupied the chair, when a very entertaining programme was gone through. Master P Bate opened by a pianoforte solo, followed by a quartette given by Messrs Ratcliffe, Bridge, Morgan and Bate entitled "A peaceful night." The pleasant harmony and agreeable blend of voices was enjoyed. The recitation, by E Barton entitled "The women of mumbles head" was given with taste. Miss Ratcliffe very nicely rendered the song Idle words.' Mr E Bate gave a clever rendering of 6` My old Shako" for which he received an encore. The dialogue April fools" by J Houghton and others caused much merriment and showed some very good amateur acting. Miss Bridge gave an excellent rendering of "My am n I olk " for which she received an enthusiastic encore. The quartette " Allan Waters" was well sung. Al r E Barton caused much laughter by his recitation "Joe and Alice." Miss Ratcliffe and E Bate sang " Excelsior " with much gusto, and Miss Bridge gave a very sweet rendering of the song "Farewell." Mr E Bate received an encore for his song" Young Tom of Devon." Miss Ratcliffe gave tbe song Tit for Tat " in capital style. The dialogue " Barber's courtship" by A Jackson and others was well given. The tea was well attended and a very saccessful day was brought to a close by the usual vote of thanks. The proceeds amounted to £7 10s, which goes towards the purchase of a piano.—Open school was observed on the 2nd Febrnary, when various solos and recitations were given. Mr C H Harrison occupied the chair. Mr E Wood gave the address. The school- room was crowded and a very enjoyable afternoon was spent.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE CONGREGATIONAL CHAIRMANSHIP.

The Rev F A Russell, of Chapel-street Congrega- tional Church, Southport, has been nominated to the chair of the Lancashire Congregational Union for next ye4r (1914). During his ministry at Crescent, Liverpool (1887-93), and since his settlement at Uhapel-street, Southport, scarcely a week has passed in which hl r Russell has not helped some church or united gatherirg in the extended area.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
COSTLY lIOME RULE BONFIRE.

To celebrate the passage of the Home Rule Bill through the House of Commons, bonfires were made in many parts of Ireland. In Belfast two ardent Home Rulers, Hugh McGrogan and William Knox, entered an unoccupied public-house and ripped up the woodwork and fittings, doing damage amounting to £6B. At Belfast Recorder's Court on Thursday they were sentenced to four months and three months respectively

===== 0002601_19130208_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
.OP.'. :47;". ' ',IF • t. • f/ket s . I olip IV,/ , 1 "pi ••••••uat,..4, 2:i_OrOig r ' ' -.....4' • 1 .1...„1,--4

:-,---N.,

\ Ic,lA

===== 0002601_19130208_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
Johnston Watson's

scientifically fitted GLASSES cure HEADACHES,

SIGHT-TESTING OPTICIAN, 847 131EZIDOM SFr.,

WARRINGTON.

Steel Spectacles from 2/6 Rolled Gold from 816

PLEASE NOTE.—MR. WATSON attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4-30; Wednesday 11 to 5-30; Thursday 11 to 1; Friday and Saturday 11 to 5-30.

Hours of Business: 9-30 to 7-30; Saturday: 9-30 to 9-30.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOULD THE COUNCIL BUY A NEW ONE?

Breezy Debate.

CRITICISM OF THE MUSICAL SOCIETY.

Shall the Parr Hall have a new organ? For years the music-loving public have groaned under the inflic- tion of the present apology for an organ, but hitherto all appeals for an instrument worthy of the building have fallen upon deaf ears. At last, however, the Town Council is beginning to interest itself in the question, but it is evident that many of the members will take a great deal of persuading that the provision of good music for the people should be regarded as one of the responsibilities of our legislators. At the last meeting of the General Purposes Com- mittee the following proceedings of the Parr Hall Sub-Committee were read: The instruction of the General Purposes Committee to consider and report upon the provision of a new organ was duly considered by the Sub-Committee, and alter conferring with Mr J P Reynolds, who had prepared a specification for an organ suitable for the Parr Hall, it was resolved, that in the opinion of the Sub-Committee it is desirable that a new organ be provided. Note.—Mr Reynolds submitted estimates be had obtained on his specifici- tion fronrreliabie organ builders, which ranged from £1,375 to £1,565. 'lhe General Purposes Committee resolved that the resolution of the Sub-Committee with reference to a new organ at the Parr Hall, be not confirmed.

On Tuesday evening the above minutes came before the Council for confirmation, and lively scenes were witnessed, Councillor Gough being threatened with ejection. The MAYOR, who moved their adoption, said he reserved to himself the right to criticise the minute with reference to the organ. At a former meeting of the General Purposes Committee a resolution was passed asking the Parr Hall sub-committee to inquire and report as to whether a new organ was necessary, and this was the result. He did not think it was the usual thing utterly to disregard the recommendations of a sub-committee in that manner. It did not seem courteous, and he gave notice that he would tring for- ward a special motion in favour a the provision of an organ at the next Council meeting. Councillor H ROBBRTS moved an amendment that the resolution of the General Purposes Committee, reject- ing the Parr Hall sub-committee's recommendation, be not confirmed. He said he could not imagine any member of the committee or anyone outside the com- mittee who knew anything about the condition of the existing instrument, taking exception to the sub-com- mittee's expression of opinion. That a new organ was requited everybody admitted. Councillor GOUGH : Question.

Councillor ROBERTS : I meant anybody who under- stands anything at all about it. I ought to have qualified my remarks; it is a mistake to make these assumptions universal. Continuing, he said that 99 per cent, of the people of Warrington who bad any Intelligent appreciation of music and of all that music meant were of opinion that it was quite time the present organ was removed and that a new one, credit- able to the town in quslity, should take its place. The resolution of the sub-committee only carried the matter one stage further. They were authorized to consider and report upon the provision of an organ, but they had not even gone that far. They bad merely expressed the opinion that a new, organ was desirable. Mr Reynolds had, however,assisted the Committee in form- ing an idea of what the expense was likely to be. A great deal of money had been spent—and wisely so—in Warrington in providing for the more material amuse- ments of the great mass of the people. There was not a thinking man who would grudge one farthing of that expenditure which had brought so much pleasure to it large section of the population who were very much restricted in regard to the character of their onjosment. But there was another section, largely consisting of workingmen and women who were considerably interested in all kinds of music and who:', really formed the oasis of the musical alert, f this town. A suitable organ might be purchased for a reasonable sum and, owing to ,the vast iruprovem ints made in organ-building during the last few sears, the up-keep and tuning of the instrument would 134 u compara- tively small expenditure. The MAYOR: £ i to XS a year. Aa interruption from Councillor Gough drew from Councillor WILKINsON the retort : It is not a street organ we are talking about. (Laughter). Councillor ROBERTS : Of course, the kind of organ Councillor Wilkinson has referred to about exhausts the musical possibilities of certain individuals, hut I was not Oinking of that kind of organ, nor of the usual acoompaniment—a monkey which sits on the top of it. (Laughter.) Continuing, he said there was soroethieg due to those people woo formed a very large proportion of the population and to whom the posses- sion of a new instrument and its manipulation in com- petent hands would afford considerable recreation and enjoyment. It was time the Council took their interests into consideration and complied with the recommenda- tion of the Parr Hall sub-committee. Councillor JENKINS seconded the amendment and put in a strong plea on behalf of the poor people who were unable to get music of the highest character in their own homes. It was the duty of the Council to enrich their lives by affording them opportunities of cultiva- ing refined tastes. Let them divest their minds of the idea that a paltry question of X a d should be allowed to retard their doing something which was so manifestly necessary for the welfare of the common people. If the Caunoil provided a reAly good organ, musicians from Manchester Liverpool and other centres would be only too delighted to give recitals on it. Alderman BENNETT said be felt more humiliated than he could well say to find that a committee, representing a town of the importance of Warrington, could possibly come to such s decision as the General Purposes Com- mittee had done on that question. He was glad to feel that only about half the Council were present on that occasion and that that foolish resolution was only carried by a majority of one. In a flourishing town like Warrington, so many-sided in its activities, with many rich men in its midst and with its rates not specially high as compared with other places—a town able to enjoy these little luxuries without seriously feeling the cost—he could not understand the mental attitude of those who, in a niggardly and cheese-paring spirit, refused that enjoyment to a large section of the population. All who had any refined instincts knew how soothing and elevating the influence of music was, and they also realized that that taste was not, by any means, confined to the better classes. The humblest and poorest of our citizens were able to appreciate it, too. Bowling greens and children's playgrounds— admirable and necessary as they were—did not represent the summuni bonnin of life. It should not be too much to ask the Council to spend even the maximum amount mentioned in providing an organ worthy of the reputa- tion of the town. It was humiliating to every citizen of Warrington to feel that they had a hall like that and an organ in it which was utterly unworthy and inade- quate. Councillor PEACOCK said he could not see that the proposition now before the mecting would have much effect on the resolution of the General Purposes Com- mittee. He was, however, encouraged to think that the poor people were to have the chance of benefits which they were told would be deferred till they had a new organ. At the meeting of the General Purposes Committee it was mentioned that the organ would cost .EIN) a year—("No") to cover depreciation, interest, &c. The &voR : That is for repayment of loan and interest. -

Councillor PEACOCK: That is about a a week. It was also mentioned that the organ would only be used about thirtby times a year. The MAYOR: We don't know. We haven't got it to use. . - _

Councillor PEACOCK said the poor people for whom members seemed so anxious to claim advantages, bad to pay every time they went in the Parr tHall to the Mmical Society concerts and other entertainments. Therefore, under the existing conditions, they would be excluded from enjoyment of the new organ. Alderman TINNION : They can stand under the gallery for sixpence. Councillor PEACOCK: The people whom Councillor Jenkins was talking about could not afford to pay that. Continuing, he said that if he could be assured that there would be popular organ recitals, he would support the purchase of an instrument, but if the poor

people were not going to have more advantages then they possessed to-day, he should feel strongly inclined to resist the proposal unless the £l5O a year were modified.

The MAYOR said that if a new organ were provided, they would probably get any of the local organists to give free recitals and some distinguished organists from Manchester and Liverpool would come for a nominal fee. Under those circumstances, they could afford to have free recitals or charge about one penny for admission. fhat, at any rate, was his ambition. The salient point was whether the Council admitted their responsibility of providing for those people who had musical taste, just as they had considered it their duty to provide physical recreation for the masses. Councillor PENIBERTON said Councillor Jenkins' sympathy for the musical poor was sublime and pathetic but had the Council considered the cost? The lowest estimate was £1,500, he contended it would be more fike £2,000. The repayment of principle nd interest would take from £l5O to a£l7o a year. The Musical Society, who were the chief movers in favour of a new organ, did not have very cheap prices at their concerts. The society con- sisted largely of wealthy people, and they might club together and buy an organ. (Laughter.) The Council bought "that old ramshackle thing " for them—at any rate they paid off a debt of about £2OO on it. He (the speaker) kicked against it at the time. If the Musical Society wanted an organ, they ought to buy one. They had three or four concerts a year and if two or three recitals were given, in addition, it would mean a cost of about £3O every time the organ was played. The Corporation already provided the poor people with music, free of charge, in the park. It might be news to the Council to know that the only two recreations he (Councillor Pemberton) had were music and cycling ; therefore he was talking about something he loved. The Council, however, were the custodians of the ratepayers' money and should carefully consider the cost of any proposal that came before them. There was a magnificent organ in St George's Hall, Liverp 01, yet with such a huge population to draw upon, the sttendances at the recitals were comparatively small. Alluding to the Musical Society's concerts, the speaker said

THE POOR PEOPLE STOOD OUTSIDE and watched the ladies and gentlemen In evening dress arrive. That was as much enjoyment as they were likely to derive. The Council did try popular concerts at one time, but they were a dead failure. The Cor- poration would not get one extra application for the use of the hall by providing an organ. There were plenty of fine organs in the churches and chapels and the people could hear splendid music there. As to the willingness of local organists to give free recitals, nobody would do anything for a Corporation very long without being paid for it. Councillor BRoADHURST "as one of the cbmmon people" Eupported the 'amendment. Warrington, he. said, was second to no town in the country for its instrumentalists and male voice choirs. If they followed Councillor Pemberton's lead not a single movement for the benefit of the working classes would snooped, if it cost anything. Councillor Pemberton, to his shame, opposed cheap baths for workingmea. Councillor PEMBERTON : I never objected to them. I have always been in favour of them. Councillor BRoADHuRsr : I know you did and you got your companion to vote with you. Alderman TINNION supported tne minutes of the General Purposes Committee. He said the Parr Hall was a

WHITE ELI.PHANT, but that was not because it had an inferior organ. Those who catered for the musical tastes of the people of Warrington did so in such a way that if there were two organs in Parr Hell, their efforts would be a. failure. The Musical Society would have to be put on a much more democratic basis before it was a success. At present it provided a sort of evening out for a good many people in dress clothes—that was about the sum total of the whole thing. It also gave an opportunity for others to sing in chorus who would probably never attempt to sing solo. (Laughter.) All the flowery talk they had heard was cba-ming, and enough to draw tears from a crocodile— (laughter)—but they must get down to practical common sense. The Council might putt an organ in the Parr Hall but they would not get the crowds they were expecting. Councillor BROADHURST : Make it cheap and you will.

Alderman TINNION : You may, if you do it at the popular Warrington price, "something for nothing,' but not if they have to pay. Continuing, be said he would take a great deal of convincing, before he would' vote for a new organ. Whether the wishes of the Musical Society on this matter were purely dis- interested he had not been able to decide; still, he had his suspicions. The only effect of purchasing the organ would be to support a society which unfortunately did not cater on democratic lines for the musical tastes of Warrington. They would add to the upkeep of the Parr Hall which, after all, would never pay. It bad not been proved that there was any call for an organ by the music loving people of Warrington. He assumed that if they wanted it, they would demand it, but he had not heard any such demand.

A SCENE. Councillor COUGH supported the minutes of the committee. He added that he had a suggestion for Councillor Roberts which he hoped be would take in the good spirit that he (the speaker) intended it. If Councillor Roberts had at heart the interests of the people of Warrington, and especially of the poor whom he thought the new organ would benefit.-- The MAYOR: I call you to order, I don't want you to give Councillor Roberts any suggestions except in relation to this minute, and I won't have your sugges- tions either to Councillor Roberts or anybody else. We know what your suggestions mean and I am not going to allow you to say it. Stick to the minutes. Councillor COUGH said his suggestion was that Councillor Roberts should make a gitt of an organ to the town. The MAYOR : I knew you were going to say that. Councillor GOUGH : He has made plenty of money out of the town. (Cries of" chair.") The MAYOR: Sit down. Councillor COUGH: No, no, sir. The MAYOR : If you don't obey my orders I shall have you ejected. Councillor Gouoir : Do, then. Take your own course. (Crics of "chair.") The amendment was then put to the meeting and carried by a good major:ty.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. G. HIGHAM.

At the anneal meeting of the Warringtrn District Past Grand George Higham of the Loyal " William Savage" Lodge was appointed Grand Master for the ensuing year. Needless to say the appointment has given great satisfaction in the District. A brief out- line of Brother Higbara's career will no doubt be of interest. Brother Higham joined the "William Savage" Lodge on the 6th. February 1892 and efficiently filled all the offices of the Lodge, receiving a Certificate of Merit for his faithful services in 1896. Brother Higher!' has also been Assistant Secretary of his Lodge for seven years and is very popular with the mem- bers. in 1904 he was President of Widows and Orphans Fund which does so much to alleviate the distressed and suffering. He also attended as a delegatQ the Annual Movable Conference held at Nottingham in 1912, also saveral Conferences in connection with the Lancashire and adjacent districts. He was also a member of the Committee appointed to carry out the arrangements with regard to the Centenary of the Order, when an excellent social function took place in the Parr Hall in commemoration thereof. Bro. Higharn has received congratulations from all sources, and the wish is that he may enjoy good health to help him to carry out his duties, which will he exceptionally heavy,as to in addition the voluntary side of Oddfellowship, the National Health Insurance will require every assistance to ensure the working of same satisfactorily.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
" LOYAL PRINCE OF WALES" LODGE

PRESENTATION.

,-....::.... ...., ... . ' ....,,............,.„.............. ~..... -4,.. ' . ...1.,i!..::::ti1:,..;E.:.'4.:1.....,....:........,...,....:::....,:::....,... • ... ... , .. . .:::.'..; . .. .::' . . ... ...,....;., '".:.:-...A.,,,!..."1.......f..'.........: . . , .. ...,. .:... . ... ~.,.. .. ........ . ... .::.'.4,..,,,...... ' '...- . ......,,".„. . ..:,.......,.. . ~...,..,..... , . • - .....w, ~... ...,.....,....... -,„.. :,.....,:.:".........,:::....... . . .. ...,,,,,,,,.. , .. , .... .....::*,..-, ... . ...... ....:......:............., . ,i..i!..„.........::::!....,..:.:::.:.:;........,. ........ :....i:::.,:,.....,.., :..,:„ . ... . . .. ~...,.., , , ,:,..,.....:.... . .. _.,....,.:.:i„....,......,,...,:,.....,., t:::...1....,:.,:::::. ... :.- :::::.. . ..: '.. ..‘..........1fiii1i.1:'11:.,,.:•::::::,..:....:i,1r:,-...i.1..':,,:,.:1:-•::,......„.,...,..........::.:.•:••i' - .... ';,,,..-,..=..,' ..,..,1..,:...:,.11, ',.. :.'"'.....,;:::::„•:...i,i . . ........ -• . .........„1!......... .....•,:.,„.., .... , ...,,,.'.,,J:,.i?.,... . ... ~........:.....,.. ' . ...-........,..,,. ..,-..:,- . . ...,,..:,.....,...-. r ........

===== 0002601_19130208_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
IIR. T. P. BRADSHAW.

The newly-elected officers of the Warrington district paid their first official vi.it to the Prince of Wales Lodge on Saturday, N G %V Boardman presided and was supported by PGMG Higham, PDGMH Lawrence, IPPGM H Whitelogg, Prov CS Frank Webster, PPG MI Massey, PPG NI TP Bradshaw, PP G :11 F Freeman and PPGM Peter Lester, together with many past and present lodge officers and visiting brethren. Two interesting presentations took place, the first being that of a past officer's certificate to Bro T Newnes on the completion of his term of office. This was made by Prov G M George Higham, who spoke in very complimentary terms of P G Newnes' services to his lodge, and also of the willing assistance he heti always given to any of the lodges in the district I who asked for his services in any social event. PG M IHigham said the "Prince of Wales" Lodge was always fortunate in having very capable officers, and the fact that it was the largest lodge in Warrington, now having upwards of 630 members, showed that it had loyal and enthusiastic workers. As long as they could show such a splendid balance sheet as the one presented for last year they need not fear Competition under the Insurance Act. (Applause). Deputy P U M Harry Lawrence, on behalf of the members of the lodge, next presented PPG M TP Bradshaw with a silver tea and coffee service as a nArk of their appreciation of the good work he had done for the lodge, and also in the district for a considerable number of years.—Deputy PU NI Lawrence said nothing could give him greater pleasure than the duty he had bPvn called upon to undertake that night upon this the first visit to his own lodge since he had been elected Deputy Prov. Grand Master. As the members knew, they had decided to close the social fund of the lodge, which was inaugurated some nine years ago by Bro. Bradshaw and of which he had been continuously president. The fund had been of incalculable assistance to the lodge, but owing to the additional monetary obligations placed upon the members in consequence of the Insurance Act, the Lodge Management Committee bad decided to forego the contribution to this fund in future. In P.P.G.M. Bradshaw they had had one who, from the time he was initiated an Odd fellow, had worked hard and given of his best for the Order, and he was glad to know there were ether members of the lodge who were emulating him. (Applause). lie had also, by his intimate know- ledge of the Insurance Act, been of the greatest assist- ance to his lodge, and also to other lodges in the Warrington district. (Applause). P.P.G.M. Bradshaw and P.G. Newnes suitably replied.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Guild.

The above Society met on Monday evening. Miss Moore presiding. The evening was devoted to "Favourite Authors," short introductions and selections were given from the works of Charles Dickens, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Michael Fairless, Ella Wheeler Wilcox and ,James Russell Lowell and were much enjoyed, the various contributions being extremely varied and interesting.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
liti

LUCKY LOSS IN WARRINGTON.

To speak of a lucky loss seems a strange anomaly. But after reading this Warrington resident's experi- ence we shall be the first to admit that the loss was p, lucky one indeed.

Mr. J. Milner of 131, Foster-street, Orford-lane,. Warrington, says : —" For about three years, off and on, I suffered from shooting pains in my back, and after I had been sitting for any length of time I found it difficult to get up out of my chair. When I stooped the pains would ,dart across my back like knife stabs. "I had nasty headaches, which made me feel miserable. There was distress in relieving the bladder ; the water was painful and full of a dark, heavy sediment. " I tried many med;cines, but never seemed to be able to get any permanent benefit till I used Doan' backache kidney pills. Three boxes of these pills drove every symptom of kidney complaint from my system, and also improved my general health. That is now about six months ago, and I have not felt the slightest sign of a return. Doan's pills are a splendid kidney medicine, and I have told many people about them. (Signed) J. MILNER." Price 2s. 9d. a box, 6 boxes, 13s. 9d.; of all dealers, or from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford- street, London, W. Don't ask for backache and kidney pills—ask distinctly for Doan's backache kidney pills, the same as Mr. Milner had.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BLACK WAT,H FOR SHOEBURYNESS.

After being stationed for 16 months at Edinburgh Castle the 42nd Highlanders (the Black Watch) left Edinburgh on Thursday night for Aldershot, and will later be sent to Shoeburyness.

PAPER FROM NILE WEED. Successful experiments have been made, rays the "Near East," in producing from the " sudd," the river growth of the!'upper reaches of the Nile, a pulp that is suitable for making a high-class paper. The discovery is expected to have an important effect upon the paper Musty and the future of the Sudan.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
. . . . . . . r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

===== 0002601_19130208_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
OTICE _ COR. ..!•`_,TONDENTS.I T. JONES.— cur letter will appear next week.— Ed. "Ex."

WHERE THERE'S SMOKE THERE'S WASTE. Sir,—ln the Jottings of an Old Journalist last week reference is made to the proverb "Where there's muck there's money," and an alternative is suggested "Where tht-re's smoke there's money." The saying is literally true, but not in the sense used. Smoke represents value or money it it true, but it is evidence oi money being wasted not made. In the light of what is now known about smoke it would be more to the point to say" Where there's Smoke there's Waste." It is very difficult to get this fact into the minds of many manufacturers, and town Councillors, and even Mayors. The true inference which ought to be drawn from the appearance of bla:k smoke is either that the firm is doing so well generally that they can aff rd to he wasteful in this, or it is doing so badly that it cannot afford to go to the expense of adopting the necessary means to check the waste. In view of the known facts in regard to power production the attitude of mind of all who observe the production of black smoke ought not to be that of congratulation that money is being made, but regret that money is being wasted. In the works with which lam connected we have been able to cut down the fuel cost by at least one-third, and this simply by adopting means which have enabled us to convert into power by better com- bustion smoke which formerly went to pollute the atmosphere. After having swept my own doorstep clean I feel very righteous and disposed to join in the crusade to induce others to clean their steps or rather to clean the air.

A MANUFACTURER.

~ ~.„.... -:..,: , - gra 1 1 I k J. 1,. rers - , ......." .11, _,Yr....1 . , ,1 I " -t: 1 , 't..-V-isa• i 1 _ .• , :'. ... E Vivrt Re ': .. ".L. 7. -1., ' . •.. . . , ..,:-.-.*:-... r,.. ._i_. N- TO REs' -Q -

===== 0002601_19130208_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECTOR AND NONCONFORMITY.

- - - Sir,—The Rector's friends must feel some uneasi- ness at his ventures into the realm of Listory,especially when his words gain the publicity accorded to them in your last issue. One may be permitted without bitter- ness to say a plain word on the subject of the Rectox's comments upon the first Nonconformists. Canon Willis tells us that his predecessor Robert Yates " resigned " his Rectorship. Mr A Mounfield, in his History of Nonconformity, says that he was ejected by methods of studied cruelty, and that the Bishop's document which formally ejected him instructed the churchwardens to forcibly prevent his entering the church and to treat him `• es though naturally dead." If Canon IN illis reads this as a resignation" it is a curious reading of history. The Rector has been at much pains to tell us that Robert Yates bad no right whatever to the living. One feels obliged to ask what constitutes the right. Was not the living presented to Robert Yates by Mr Ireland in exactly the same way that it was presented to Frederick W Willis ? Presumably Canon Willis means that he had no right there because he was a Presbyterian. But the Church of England was so framed under Queen Elizabeth's guidieg hand as ts allow ministers of either Puritan, Presbyterian or Catholic opinions. Allowance was made for their varied views, as any student of the Prayer Book can easily discover. It is too late in the day for Canon Willis to assume that because all or almost all save High Churchmen have been driven out that no one else save he and hfs fellow " Catholics " had ever any right to a place in the Church or to enjoy its endowments. I have reason to know that Mr. Mounfield's " History " has been most carefully examined by High Church historical experts. But up to the present no challenge has been given to any statement therein made. If the narrative is incorrect in any detail why does not the Rector cfler a contradiction.? That would be straightferward al.d the result might be interesting.— Yours, VEVIAS.

THE PARR HALL ORGAN. Sir,—l regret to see in your issue of Saturday, that the General Purposes Committee of the Warrington Corporation, decline to adopt the recommendation of the Parr Hall Committee, that it is desirable that a new and efficient organ should be erected in the Parr Hall. There is no doubt at all that such an organ is badly needed and it is not creilitable that such a town as Warrington should be without one. The present organ is practically useless. It is an old instrument, first constructed in 1810 ; it has been rebuilt twice at least, with additions, and has been patched up till nothing more can be done with it. Its principal wind supply has collapsed, its Great Organ soundboard is falling to pieces, its pipes are falling down from their old age and weak construction and it was only by scheming and patch work that I was able to get Messrs Gray and Davison to render a small portion available for the Musical Society concert two years ago. A good modern organ is of greatest importance to the Musical Society, for as things are, it is impossible to give the rublic many important works. I do not for one moment contend that this fact in itself, constitutes a sufficient reason for providing a new organ, but it is a powerful reason, for no-one can deny that the town has largely benefited and still benefits by the society's work past and present. To say nothing of the professional talent which the society has been the means of bringing forward, I maintain that there is hardly a Church or Chapel choir in the town which is not the better for the Society's existence and work. Apart however from the Musical Society,an organ is very badly needed. I am informed that the Parr Hall does not pay and that this is held to be reason against putting in a good organ, but I contend that such an installation would do much to help matters, for it would certainly bring in additional income. Then why should the \Carrington public, (the poorer section in particular) be deprived of the opportunity of hearing what I maintain to be almost, if not quite the finest, grandest, and most elevating of music-viz : a large fine toned organ well played? in many towns weekly or periodic ecitals are given. Manchester and Liverpool pay large salaries to 'Permanent organists and I am informed that West Bromwich a town with the same population as Warrington or thereabouts has recently appointed one at a salary of £lOO per annum. Now it is hardly to be supposed that recitals entailing such expense can pay; therefore they can only be given for the benefit of the public. Serely. such considerations apply %Nit') equal force in Warringten. There is however now no question of a permanent organist for Warrington, as I was in a position to give a definite undertaking to the Parr Hall Com- mittee that given a good organ, the services of good organists could be obtained at little or no cost and recitals given at very small expense which I believe would prove a source of income. Every year money is spent and charged on the rates to provide music in the Park and in respect of other institutions which are not paying; why then refuse to provide music in the winter when outdoor music is impossible? The fact that such a large number go to hear the music in the park (and the better the music the larger the number) is in itself sufficient proof that such music as could be given at much lep expense in the Parr Hall, with admission fees of say id to Gd were a really good organ prcvided, would he highly appreciated and draw considerable numbers. The Corporation Act 1899 "gives power to con- tribute out of the rates towards payment of hands or hands of music in the park or other public place belonging to or held by the Corporation a sum of not exceeding Id rate on the Improvement Rate in any one year". This I believe provides a sum of up to £5OO per annum out of which £7O was paid to the Bands Association according to the last annual state- ment of accounts. There is therefore ample margin for spending such a small sum as would be necessary to provide winter music in the Parr Hall. I have had several interviews with the Mayor on this question and have found him very sympathetic as also a number of the Councillors. It was at his, the Mayor's, special request that I drew up a specification and obtained estimates in order that he might have I definite facts arid figures to lay before the Committee when he brought the matter forward for consideration. I believe the impression exists in the minds of some of the councillors that the cost of the upkeep of an organ would be heavy, but this is altogether erroneous for such cost would not be more than £5 to £8 per annum,including tuniug,and any firm obtaining the Contract for the organ and the tuning would give a guarantee to this effect, damage by fire, water or misuse excepted, for a period of ten years, while if adequately protected from dust not one penny need be spent on it for cleaning for at least 15 or 20 years. It is also oon-sidered, I am told that,the Parr Hall is a very unsuitable place for an organ on account of the varying temperature and damp, but this again is

quite an erroneous impression. The Parr Hall is certainly not a damp building and the organ chamber being over the kitchen and professional rooms,can not have an atmosphere containing more moisture to any material extent than the Hall itself. What Hall, Church, or other large building has not a varying temperature and consequently varying conditions of moisture in the atmosphere? Yet one never hears of organs in such buildings suffering. I have myself erected an organ in a newly built chancel of a church near Lancaster on a tiled floor immediately after being laid and yet the organ did not suffer in the lease degree. Further than this 1 bold that modern organs built on th:.• tubular pneumatic system are less liable to be effected by damp and varying conditions of atmosphere. Warrington possesses an excellent Hall, with fair accoustic properties, thanks to Mr Parr's generosity, and such an organ as I suggest would render it much more useful and be a boon to the town. I therefore plead strongly that one be provided and if you could secure support for this plea through your columns you would be doing an excellent wotk. Personally I am prepared to do anything in my power. I have had a long and. considerable practical experience of organs and organ building and I am only sorry that my means do not allow of my utilizing this experience by having an organ built under my persottal supervision and presenting it to the town. —I remain, JOHN W. REYNOLDS, Hon. Treasurer of tbe Warrington Xlusical Society. February sth, 1913.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19130208_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 8, 1913.

THE COUNCIL AND PROPERTY PURCHASES.

Sir,—Things are again coming to a pretty pass in our Borough Council. Since the last -November Electi.las, which were foolishly fought on strictly party lines, we seem to have gone back to the bad times which prevailed before 1901. The mismanagement of the debates in the Council is simply appalling. Even the Mayor himself has become possessed of the idea that he can decide what shall be debated and what shall not. This is preposterous. The law says that a Council may, if it chooses, appoint Committees, but there is not a single act of any Committee which the Council may not debate if it chooses, and no Mayor has the power to prevent it. In Warrington we make our own laws as we go on ! And the public, quite naturally, laugh at us, and understand that from the chair downw ords, we are pitiably ignorant of the laws regulating these matters. To talk of sending a matter back to a commitee, and to expect that when the matter again comes b:?fore the Corn oil it will not again be debated there, is worse than childish. A committee consists of only a small section of the Council. But every Council member has his right, by law, to criticise what this smaller section has decided to recommend. It is the ignorances of this crucial fact, on the part of our Mayor, that leads him into such ludicrous decisions, and make our Council meetings into a laughing stock. Take the recent instance of a purchase of property for which they wish us to pay the iidiculous price of years purchase. Yet the Mayor rules that the Council as a whole has no right to go into details, and that any member who chooses to do so may not gl into every figure of this purchase I But this is the only E.afeguard the burgesses have against waste of their money in the shape of bad bargains, and it is a right which, after the woeful expeziences of past years, we must resolutely maintain. We have expected much of the men who have recently been sent into the Council. They have talked at their election meetings about perfect publicity in all our proceedings, and so on. But, now that they are elected, some are turning out were dumb dcgs, who are ready to bow to whatever a handful of men called a committee may decide, and who back no the Mayor in his decisions, which have the (fleet of burking legitimate discussion. If Warrington wants to avciri the repetition of its &A scandals; if it wishes to prevent the entering into contracts in which the relatives and friends of members of the Council are vitally interested ; if it desires not again to become tl:e scorn of all who desire pure local government, it must put its foot down and stop the fooling which has of late been exhibited. I hope the burgesses will closely watch the votes and speeches of the membeis, particularly of thoee who retire next November.—Yours truly, FREDERICK T. f.A.sriFona

Battersby Lane, Warrington, February 7th, 1913.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BIRRELL'S VISIT.

The Right Hon. Augustine Birrell, K.C., M.P. (Chief Secretary for Ireland) will be the principal speaker at a great Liberal meeting in the Parr Hall on Saturday evening next. Admission (confined to men only) will be by ticket, which may be obtained from Mr E A Sanders, Liberal Offices, Bewsey -street. Owing to the great demand, the Association cannot undertake the issue of any more tickets after Monday next. Mr C E Parker will preside and Mr A. H Crosfiehl will also address the meeting.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Emson Holt.

A pretty wedding tonk place at All Saints Church, Blackpoul, between Mr E Emson, son of the late Mr John Emson and Mrs Emson, 19, Thynne-street, Warrington. and Miss Lily Holt, third daughter of Mr Edwin Holt, Wheat Sheaf Hotel Blackpool and also of 13 Yorkshire-street, Blackpool. The bride, who wore an electric blue silk dress, with hat to -match, was given away by her brother Mr J E Holt, of Water- Mi=s Maud Emson and Miss Carrie Holt (sisters of the bride and bridegonm) acted as bridesmaids and were prettily dressed in Saxe blue silk and ameythyst silk with hats to match. Mr Tom Taylor (cousin of the bride), was best man,and Mr Percy Holt (brother- of bride) acted as groomsman. The officiating clergy- man was the Rev A W R Little, M.A. After the ceremony the guests were entertained at the bride's home, 13 Yorkshire-stteet. The presents were both numerous and handsome. Mr and Mrs Emson have taken up their residence at Gordon House, Park avenue, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
Naylor —Ainsworth.

The wedding took place on Tuesday, at Holy Trinity Church, Much Wenlock, Shropshire, of Mr. James Andertcn Naylor, son of Mr John Naylor, of Beeston Towers, near Tarporley, Cheshire, and Howley Warrington, and Miss Frances Muriel Ainsworth, daughter of Mr C E Ainsworth, The Lyuces, Much Wenlock, Shropshire. The church, which was taste- fully decorated for the occasion, was crowded with relatives and friends. The ceremony was performed by the Vicar (the Rev C Bartlett) assisted by the Rev G Grimes. The bride, who was given away by her father, was beauti- fully gowned in duchess° satin and carried a bouquet of lilies of the valley, the gift of the bridegroom. She was attended by two bridesmaids Miss Doris Ains- worth (sister) and Miss Irene Na3lor (sister of the bridegroom), who were charmingly dressed in white satin and wore gold bangles, the gift of the bride- groom. Mr H A Naylor acted as best man. Mr John Naylor, jun. was at the organ and played a number of pieces before the ceremony, including Lefaure , Wely's " Offertoire in D " Salut D' Amour" (Elgar) 'and the Bridal Chorus from " Lohengrin " The bride and bridegroom left the church to the strains of Mendelssohn's wedding march. A wedding breakfast was held after the ceremony at the Gaskell Arms Hotel, to which about -10 relatives and friends were invited and subsequently the happy pair left for the south coast, where the honeymoon will be spent. Mcst of the invited guests went on to the residence of the bride's parents to view the handsome presents, which numbered nearly 200 and included a solid silver centre-piece and a pair of silver flower vases from the office, staff, .and travellers of Messrs R A Naylor, Ltd. '1 he centre-piece was inscribed as follows : "To J A Naylor, Esq., from the office staff and travellers of R A Naylor, Ltd., on the occasion of his marriage, February 4th, 1913." The foremen and yard employees presented Mr Naylor with a silver fruit dish and ink-stand, the former being inscribed as follows : " Presented to Mr J Anderton Naylor, on the occasion of his marriage as a mark of esteem by the foremen and workmen of Howley Mills, February 4th, 1913."

===== 0002601_19130208_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Workhouse Inmates Entertained.

The inmates and staff of the Werkh( use were enter- tained on Monday evening by the St James' Concert Party. A most enjoyable programme was submitted nearly every item being encored. The artistes inciuded gnintette party and Messrs Davies, Pevitt, J Roylance, Dobson, the Ilisso Davies, Hughes, R C Grant, Cook, and Masters Grant, Davies and Forster. Mr E Davies and Miss Davies acted as accompanists.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

THE PURCHASE OF

MESSRS. FAIRCLOUGHS PROPERTY.

IMPORTANT ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.

Important arbitration proceedings will take place at the Town Hall on Thursday and _Friday next. In order to carry out the Warrington Bridge works, the Corporation must acquire the property of Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons on the Latchford side of the bridge, and it is the price to be paid for the buildings which will form the subject of arbitration.

Mr. Gordon Hewart, K.C., will appear for the Corporation and Mr L La.wrenson, K.C., M.P., will represent Messrs Fairelougth and Sons.

The arbitrators will be Mr J. H Hanson, of Huddersfield (for the Corporation), and Mr Segar Owen, of Warrington (for Messrs Fairclougb). Mr J Fowler, of Sheffield, will act as umpire.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURANCE COMMITTEE

MR ALFRED TILLING APPOINTED TO THE CLERKSHIP.

Mr Alfred Tilling, of 21. Pickmere-street, was on Monday evening appointed to the clerkship of the Warrlngton lusutance Committee. There .ere originally over seventy applicants for the position, and the six candidates t-elected to apnear before the committee uere : Messrs. Jbmes Ball, E Downs, C E Hawthorn, Harold Houghton, C Pemberton and A Tilling. The salary is 3:150 per ar,Dram Mr Alfred Tilling, who is 34 )ears of age, is probably best known for his dPvoted work in con- nection with the Workingmen's Mission. Bank Quly, of which he is the secretary. He has led a busy He for in addition to commercial duties, he has thrown himself whole-hear redly into the activities cf various

I)4lNsi ittihs;l„ 404.50 *** .110,„.4k1

===== 0002601_19130208_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
MR A. TILLING-.

organizations. Be has been employed in several offices in Warrington and Manchester, and for the past 17 years has been in the service of Messrs. N Greening and Sons, Ltd., latterly as bead of the cortespondence department. He has had consider- able experience in bookkeeping and is also a short- hand writer aid typist. lie has taken considerable interest in friendly society work, fie was hon. treasurer of the first League of Help Society estab- lished in Warrington_and is now a worker in the

Civic Guild of Help. For some lime he was one of the manager of the Sankey Bridges Day School, and he is now fillincz a similar position in connection with Evelyn-street Council School. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr A T Holloway for his valuable services as el -rk pro tem.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAVERY REWARDED.

Medal and Certificate for School

Attendance Officer.

A little ceremony, which was probably unique in the history of the Town Council, took place at the opening of the monthly meeting on Tuesday evening, when the Mayor (Councillor Dr Joseph) presented Mr J H Knowles, school attendance officer, with the medal and certificate of the Liverpool Shipwreck and Humane Scciety, in recognition of his bravery in rescuing two children from a burning cottage in Thelwall-lane. on November 20. h.

Recalling the circumstances of the rescue, the Mayor pointed out that the cottagie was a one storey building comprising a kitchen and parlour. The grandmother, aged 73, was left in charge of the children, aped three and two years respectively, in the parlour. Fire broke out in the kitchen and rapidly spread. The old lady rushed through the kitchen—the only means of reach- ing the street-- calling for help end then became unconscious. Mr Knowles happened to be passihg and, by breaking a window, entered the kitchen, but

Photo Burrell MR. J. H. KNOWLES,

the flames and smoke were so overpowering that he had to retreat. He afterwards smashed the parlour wind, w, but the room was so full of smoke, that he had to cover his head with a butcher's apron before he could venture into it. After groping about for some time he found the children, banded them out of the house, and re-gaining the street, remembered nothing more until be found hims e!f in Cairo-street about a mile away. Addressing Mr Knowles, the Mayor said he dis played courage, humanity, cool judgment and tact under trying circumstances. His concluet was enhanced by his modesty, for he did not even ,report the affair at the Education Office, but went, away quietly, expecting nothing to come of it. His Worship also acknowledged the uffo, ti of Messrs Millington, Paling, Burrows and Ackroyd, who efficiently aided Mr Knowles. Mr Knowles was warmly cheered by the Council when he a2cepted the awards. He. confessed that he felt a great del more nervous that evening than he did on the cccasion of the file. (Laughter.) lie hoped the gifts would be treasured as heir-looms and that neither he nor his descendants would do any cowardly or dishonest action to tarnish the recoid He thanked the Fire Engine Committee for their kindly consideration and honorarium and Superin- tendent Turner and the Chief Constable for their thoughtfulness. Alderman Burton and Councillor Roberts (chair man of the Education Committee) warmly eulogised Mr Knowles's heroism.

, . . Ai:e4 4 **IWO : ' • ' • . . •• w . hi.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL VISIT.

KING AND QUEEN COMING TO

WARRINGTON.

INSPECTION OF CROSFIELD'S WORKS.

Warringtonians have this week heard with great satisfaction that the "good old town" is to be the starting point for the tour of their Majesties the King and Queen through Lancashire in July next. It goes without saying that a loyal welcome will await their Majesties who, it is intimated, will take the opportunity of inspecting the works of Messrs Joseph Crosfield and Sons; Ltd., soap and chemical manufacturers, Bank Quay, The King and Queen, who will stay with Lord Derby at Knowsley, will arrive in Lancashire on Monday, July 7th and will return to London on Monday, July 14th. Everyday, including the first and the last on which the journeys between London and Lancashire will be made, will be crowded. On the first day their Majesties will travel from London to Warrington and, after visit- ing Messrs. Crosfield's Works, will set out on a motor-car itinerary ;on the last day they drive through the streets of Manchester and Salford and return direct to London. On the intervening days their Majesties' plan is to set out at about ten o'clock, each morning, to motor through the towns and villages on given routes, receiving Mayors and other leading men and visiting industries, and to return to Knowsley in the evening some time after six o'clock, in time for dinner. , The following provisional programme for their Majesties ' visit has been submitted by Lord Derby, and his Majesty hat been graciously pleased to approve of it : Monday, July 7.—Leave London 11 20 and proceed to Warrington. Motor from Warrington through Penketh, Hough Green, Widnes, and Huyton to Knowsley. Tuesiay, July S. - Leave Knowsley by motor at 10 o clock, and proceed by motor through Prescot, St. Helens Rainford, Ormskirk, Southport, P,eston, Kirkham, Lytham, St. Annes, and Blackpool. Return from Blackpool by train to Huy ton, arriving about 6 10. Wednesday, July 9.—Leave Knowsley at 10 o'clock, and train from Huyton to Colne. Motor from there through Nelson, Burnley, Gawthorpe,l Padiham, Accrington, Haslingden, Rawtenstall, Bacup to Rochdale. Thence by train to Huyton, arriving about 6 15. Thursday, July 10.—Leave Knowsley by motor at 10.15, pi oceed by St. Helens, Rewton-in- Makerfield, L-igh, West Leigh, Hindlev, Wigan, Chorley, Blackburn, Damen, Bolton. °Thence by train to Huy ton, arriving about 6 15. Friday, July 11.—Visit to Liverpool and Bootle. Opening (If the new dock. Saturday, July 12.—Leave Knowsley at 10 o'clock by train to Ashton-under-Lyne. Tnen by motor, passing through Oldham, Middleton, Castleton, Hey wocd, Bury, Radcliffe, Farnworth, Tyldesley, Atherton, Ashton-in-Makerfield, St. Helens, to Knowsley, arriving about 0 o'clock. Sundt.y, July 13.—Attend church parade of Liver- pool Territorials in St George's Hall, with march past of troops afterwards. Monday, July 14.—Train to Manchester. Drive through Manchester and Salford,and leave at such an hour as to arrive at Euston at 7.30. Addresses will be presented by the Corpor- ations of Liverpool and Manchester, and by the Universities of those two cities. An address will also be presented from the Royal borough of Salford. An address will be pre- sented from the Lancashire County Council on their Majesties' arrival on the first day. This address will be presented at Knowsley. We understand that their Majesties having desired to visit industries in Lancashire, and having instructed Lord Derby to make necessary arrangements, his lordship has arranged that their Majesties should visit industries at the following places, the details of which will be given later—Warrington, St Helens, Preston, Accrington, Blackburn and Oldham. The selection is an admirable one, and fairly and fully represents the great industries which absorb the energy of Lancashire.

Their Majesties will alight at all the county boroughs, and have graciously signi- fied their intention of having the Mayor and others presented to them. Halts will also be made at the other boroughs in order that the Mayor may be presented. It will be impossible for visits to be paid to any irstitutions or industries other than those which are arranged for in the towns above-mentioned.

Lord Derby proposes to pay personal visits to each of the towns so as to arrange locally all the details of their Majesties' visit.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LOCAL ARRANGEMENTS. THEIR MAJESTIES TO VISIT MESSRS. CROSFIELD'S WORKS.

On taking the chair at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening, the Mayor said he had some highly gratifying information to convey to the members. He had received a communication that morning from Lord Derby relating to the visit of their Majesties to Warrington in July. The King had been pleased to signify that he would drive through the streets of Warrington in an open carriage, and would visit the works of Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., after which the Royal party would proceed by motor to Knowsley. Warrington would be the first place to be visited in the Royal tour during July. Dr. Joseph added that lie expected their Majesties would arrive at Bank Quay Station. Councillor WILKINSON : I take it that they will call at the Town Hall.

The MAYOR replied that Lord Der by had promised to see him later and arrange ab out the details of the visit. The rest of the com- munication was marked "private and con- fidental," and the announcement he had made was the only part he was authorised to make public.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
Lancashire _Catholic Players In " King

Arthur.-.

For an amateur society which has the enterprise to go back to the tragedy of the Arthurian legend written by Mr Comyns Carr for Henry Irving (says the " Manchester Guardian ") one feels a certain anionnt of respect. On Monday night, at the final performance, to judge by the size and evident enjoy- ment to the house, the ,Committee had no reason t.) regret their choice of the play. If the play would keep drawing one's Nvicked affections rather to Lancelot than to the King, that, one supposes, was a fault which could be traced even further back than to the dramatic author. The King had the best of the verse, and Mr W Kilduff played the part with a measure of dignity, spoke his lines finely, and displayed in a remarkable degree that quality of repose and economy of gesture for which one looks so far in the ordinary amateur. But for all that he never became human, except once or twice, when his proper sentiments required that he should quarrel, and, with the best intentions in the world, the play never succeeded in condemoing Guinevere. Mrs Hickey as the Queen and Mr F E Doran as Lancelot did good ,vork in their scenes titgether, and for the rest Mrs Hickey made the hest of E. monotonously plaintive part.

EMMANUEL INSTITUTE V WARRINGTON EXCELSIOR. —At Nieto, ia Park. Kick-off 3 p.m. Team : T Knight, E Roberts, if Ashton, S Banner, S Hughes, S Potter, E Ashbey, T liughes, A Hughes, S Roberts, W Ayres. Reserve, P ltroncihurst.

Dress!ng Chest and Washstan, 2 Cliairs in SOU!) Walnut, Oak or Matiogan, evelled glass, ;:ass or copper handlea I. 'ES 'lock

Luzuriot.. ..irade Divan Suite, consisting of Divan Couch, 2 ccmfortablo large size Divan Easy Chairs, and 4 Solid Walnut or Oak small Chairs, all pieces mounted on castors, nicely upholstered in Saddlebags and Velvet zis 15 0 Borders, to customers' own selection ..

SU3TES in Stock £l2 to £23.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR GREATEST ENEMY.

Miss A. Slack and the Influence of the "Trade,"

"Take almost every Act of Parliament—the Old Age Pensions Act, the Education Act,the Insurance Act. Sm. —and the liquor traffic meets everyone and blocks the use of it." From that statement made by Miss Agnes Slack, of London at a meeting held on Wednesday evening in Cairo-street Schools under the joint auspices of the United Kingdom Temperance Alliance and the Citizens' remperance League, one can judge to a certain extent the damaging influence of the' trade." There was a fair attendance over which Mrs Dodds, in the the absence of Mr J G Withenshaw, presided. Mr Withenshaw.wrote:regretting his inability to be present He added that he hoped we should soon see the time when legislation would be introduced into Perliament and carried, giving popular control of. the " trade " both in put lie-houses and in clubs. Mrs DODDS in her opening remarks said she could not refuse to do anything she was asked, in regard to. the furtherance of the Temperance cause in Warrington It gave a big tug at her heart and she was bound to respond. They had to keep pegging at it. That was what they were doing in Warrington and she was sure they were sowing seed which would bring forth a rich harvest. (Applause). Miss SLACK proved herself to be an eloquent advo- cate of the cause and treated her subject with much skill, firing the audience with enthusiasm. At the out- set she said it was for the Christian Church to take up the. Temperance question. (Hear, hear.) There were thousands of children in Warrington who could say they had not enough food, clothes, 6:c., because of the drinking habits of their fathers and mothers. The Wesleyan Methodist Ministers were pledged by the Conference to do all they could for the furtherance of the Temperance movement. Continuing, she said that if all the licensed liquor houses in the country were put alonside each other they would make a street a thousand miles long. Ninety per cent. of the pauperism and crime in this country was due to drink and 90 per cent, of the workhouses and lunatic asylums were there as the result of the liquor traffic. Then again half of the hospitals In Great Britain were there for the same reason. Drinking destro3ed the power of the body to resist disease. If drink was done away with, half of the hospitals could be done away M' ith and halt the diseases would vanish. Then again Dr Bernardo had said that 50 per cent, of the children in his homes were there through drink. We gave .£160,000,000 in dealing with hospitals, asylums, workhouses S:c and when it was said" Deal with the liquor traffic which was cense of all those institutions " they got an answer in the negative. She could take almost every Act of Parliament—the Old Age Pensions Act, the Education Act and the Insurance Act &e—and the liquor traffic met every one, and blocked the use of them. They must work hard against the greatest enemy of the little child, the netion, Parliament, the muninipa and the enreuy of every good Act which had been passed. (Hear, hear.) Os the proposition of Mr LESLIE seconded by the Rev II Ogden the following resolution was carried unanimously. "That this meeting earnestly calls up in the Prime Minister to introduce at the earliest possible moment the long promised and greatly needed English Temperance Bill. No measure introduced by the government will so tend to remove poverty, destitution and crime, as a bill which will give the people the control over the liquor traffic." The Rev H OGDEN said they stood for local option and local veto. Their attitude was not merely local but absolution prohibition. (Hear, hear.) He himself could not understand any clergyman or minister not taking the question up, because it was a real menace to the Sunday School. Why should they whisper it in ‘Varrington that the brewery intleence was powerful ; they sheuld challenge them into the open. (Applause.) Mr LESLIE proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Miss Slack for her eloquent address and to Mrs Dodds for presiding.

The " Sanitas " Company, Limited, of Lirnehouse, London, E., have by Royal Warr Irrt been appointed Disinfectant Manufacturers to his Majesty King George V.

DON'T LOOK OLD—Keep the ravages of time at bay by darkening the grey streaks with LOCKYER'S SULPHUR HAIR RESTORER,which deepen sto a natural colour ins few days.Lockyer's maintains a youthful aupearance.Large bots everywhere. Post ireell6.jicdford Laboratory, Loudor, S.E

TE ":11gS

Worth Monthly For RIO you pa.y 7/6 11 £2O ~ 2E30 „ „ £5O „ 27;6 „ £lOO „ 55/- £5OO „ £l2 Terms can be altercd to suit the conveni-

_le back, 2 1 6 to £65.

enco of customers.

Discount 2:- in the A allowed for cash off our marked catalogue

prices.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON (FRIDAY). FRESH Eeicis, 7 for Is. SMALL SOLES, 2s FRESH BUTTER, 1/1 LEMON SOLN:S, is -Id CHEESE, (Cheshire) 7d to HALIBUT, Is 4d I.od COD, 8d RABBITS, (English) ls 3d HAKE, Sd to Is 5d PLAICE. 8d FowLs 3s to 3s 9i etch LOBSTER, 2$ Gd per lb POTATOES, 4s per cwt EYEMOUTH HADDOCK, 8d BEEF, 7d to lid DUCKLINGS,3S to 3$ 9d MUTTON, 7d to lid per lb YOUNG PIGEONS, Is PORK, 10d per lb. PHEASANTS 7s to 7s 6d 13111 CO Bacon, 10d to 18 ENGLISH HARES,43 to 5s each WHEAT.-49 to 4s 3d per 70168. OATS.-2s Gd to 3s per 451bs. WHEAT STRAW.--£2 10s. per ton. OAT STRAW.—.£2 10s. to £2 12s. 6d. per ton. XX FLouR.-23s per 2401b5. BRAN.-111t1 per 201b8.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Patrons of the popular Barbauld-street house are highly satisfied with the fare provided this week and needless to say the success of Fred Karno's Co. in "The Hydro" is common talk. There is an abund- ance of burlesque comedy, the major portion falling to the lot of Syd Chaplin who is a comedian with ideas as to what an audience requires to send it into hysterics, In the role of Nick Sharp, the detective, he has ample scope and makes the most of his opportuni- ties. He is well supported by a number of clever comedians and comediennes. In the bath scene all unite in one endeavour to keep the audience rolling with boisterous laughter—and they are bighlr successful. Elsie Ellis is a captivating comedienne with a breezy style, and cannot tail to please. One of the smartest shadowgraphists we have seen, is Charles, Torbay who appears in" comedy in the shade." Jack, Stocks, described as the man of mirtla,is given a hearty reception and is very popular in "The Jockey's dream." Oee praiseworthy feature is the absence of "chestnuts," all Stock's humour being up-to-date, clean and witty. Belle Davis and Cracker Jacks are fairly successful in a rag-time scoria "Southern pastimes" although to a lirge extent their appeal is made to toe popular parts of the house. John Earl, the hatedian, appears in a novel act and is well received. 'The hypnotic detective" is a clever picture shown on the bioscope.

NEXT WEEK'S :PROGRAMME. Mr. James Kiddie, who was associated with the, successful pantomime which created such a furore in the Parr Hall a few years ego, will present the refined operatic spectacular and genuinely funny pantomime "Cinderella." .i!t. number of popular variety artistes will appear, including Miss Lily Ennis as the Prince," Will Kirk, Leo Bliss, The Lisando Brcs., The Saxon Trio, The Sylphide troupe of lady dancers and a powerful chorus and trained ballet.

Presentation to Lady Greenell. Lady Greenall yesterday received a birthday pre sent from the presidents and secretaries of the various, ward committees of the Women's Unionist and Tariff Reform League. It took the form of a gold enamelled badge of the League, jewelled with diamonds. Mrs Rylands, of Massey flail, made the presentation at the Conservative Club, in the presence of a large gathering.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRTH.

RoßsoN—On February 3rd, at Larkfleld, Lower Walton, to Mr. and Mrs. E. S. A. Hobson, a son.

DEATH. RANSOM E.— A t Bowgreave, Garstang. on February 3rd, Harold Edwin. Interred Friends Burial Ground, Garstang.

IN MEMORIAM.

In loving memory of our dear mother PRlscraA• NURSE, who died at Stockton Heath, February 2nd 1903

WA RRINGTON.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALL & Co. (Warrington), Ltd., at The Examiner Genera, Printing Works, Bewtiey-street, and published by them at the same plat 1, and also at 2, The rExamine Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES. 3, Geonge-stre ST. HF.LEN3. 3, tarket-street, EARLY:STOW Church-Area, RuNcr FEBRUAR Y 8, 1913.

Rh

Madl Fine

et' ::...............

WY

To-i\lo]

MORN EVEN] ff -A

Virk

SASrKE 3.15 and RE4' Servic

The chi 13EW

l'O.:Ijoi

E, f'IAIR ki TC Preachei

6.30 ADD AssEm 6.30 p Subjec

T'

===== 0002601_19130208_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
GUARANTEE

We Cuaranteo entire Satisfaction with everything wo sell or will return in fun ail money paid.

FREE DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS.

===== 0002601_19130208_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
1111. F

A Ti

OLI

SPECIA

pitl3

PREAC ANTRI

1A

I; TRH

CLI] AL9O Br On I

Mlft

, ‘,l

===== 0002601_19130208_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 9TH, 1913. 2ND SUNDAY OF PASTORATE. REV. T. T. JAMES, M.A., SERVICES: 10.30 A.M. 6.30 p.m. P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 P.:NI.

HIPPODItOME 7.0.-TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 10in, FOR Six NIGHTS MR. JAMES KIDDIE'S GORGEOUS SPECTACULAR PANTOMIME. "CINDERELLA." Specially selected company of Favourite Pantomime Artistes, including Miss Lily Ennis. Ails. Qutenie Mayor, Miss Bessie Willow, Miss Sophie Pareezer Sisters Mayor, Miss May Grayce, Miss Ada Tyrrell' Mss Florrie Porter, Billy Wesley, Willie Barrett, Wilt Kirk, The Lisando Brothers and The Sylphide Troupe, MR. KIDDIE desires to inform the public that he is in no way interested in any other Pantomimes that have visited Warrington, except those that are under his personal direction. MR. JAMES KIDDIE was associated with the successful Pantomime which created such a furors at the Parr Hall a few years Lg.,. Gallery, 2d. ; Pit, 4d. ; Grand Circle, 6d. ; Stalls, Is

BAPTIST CHURCH, L ATCHF OR D TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 9TH PREACHER: REV. .1. S. CHEDBURN. MORNING 10.30. ENENING 6.0.

PICTURED ROME SANKEY STREET, NEXT TO G.P.O. MONDAY, TUESDAY Sc WEDNESDAY, FEB. 10TH, 11TH, & 12TH, "EVIL GENIUS." THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, FEB. 13TH, 14TH S: 15TH, "WHOM GOD HA.TH JOINED."

BEWSEY ROAD 14 ESLEYAN CI:JULIO:L— W ARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 9TH. 1913. MORNING 10.30: REV. H. WILLIAMSON B.A. EVENING 6.30: REV. W. A. I3ECKETT. All Welcome. Hymn Books.proyided. _ WAR RINGTON P.S.A.- OPEN MEETINd TO-MORROW 3 O'CLOCK. AT THE PARK PICTURE PALACE, SANKEY ST. Speaker •. MR. E. LLOYD JONES. Soloists: MISS ELSIE HEWITT, Soprano. MR. W. TYNAN, Tenor. Selection by the P.S.A. Orchestra. CONDUCTOR MR. J. E. HANNAN. Everybody Welcome. Collection. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CFMR.CM TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). FEBRUARY 9nll. Morning 10 30 : REV. H. INIIDDLEWOOD. Evening 6.30: REV. H. WILLIAMSON B.A. All welcome. Hymn books provid(d. SPECIAL SERVICES will be held in the BOLD TREET SUNDAY SCHOOL EVERY EVENING 'NEXT WEEK (EXCEPT SATURDAY), commencing at 8 o'clock. Special Singing and Anthems by the ‘-,noir. Preacher: REV. HUGH WILLIAMSON, B.A ALL WELCOME. WARR-INGYON—CHURCHSOCIETL— LECTURES IN THE PARISH CHURCH DURING LENT. NEXT FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 11TH. TUE RIGHT REV. THE LORD BISHOP OF HULL. AT 3 P.N. FOR WOMEN. "BILE PEADING." AT 8 P.M. FOR MEN. "HOME LIFE IN ENGLAND." kj-64EL HALL, FORSTER. STREET.— will MR. D. CRAWFORD, F.R.G.S, Withon'h" been shut up in Africa for 22 years break. ojILL LECTURE IN THE ABOVE HALL TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11TH, AT 7 30 P.M. QUI3jECT: `BLACK, BLACKER, BLACKEST' 1::-TAL;Lum:TAciRE WELCOME. ALL SEATS FREE. MEETING IN TIIE INFANT'S SCHOOL, MOORE, TUESDAY NEXT, FEB. 11TH, AT 7.95 P.M. SPEAKERS : P. M. OLIVER, Es., Prospective Liberal Candidate. ROBERT LEWIS, ESQ. ALL CORDIALLY INVITED.

ROVAL THEATRE OF VARIETIES SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. 6.Su—TWICE NIGHTLY.-9. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10TH. THE " ROYAL " STUCK CO. IN THE EMOTIONAL DRAMA, "AURORA FLOYD. " Full Matinee Thursdays, at 2.30 p.m. JAR. and MRS. J. E. GIBBONS, of 22. Lovely Lane, desire to THANK ALL FRIENDS for their kind expressions of sympathy in their sad bereavement. Also thoqe who sent wreaths.

MR. AND MRS. STEPEIE.NS AND FAMILY wish to TIIANK ALL FRIENDS who expressed sympathy with them in their recent bereavement, and to all those who sent floral tributes. 34. Allen St., Warrineton.

ATRS. LAWTON and FAMILY wish to THANK Itt all RELATIVES and FRIENDS for their kind sympathy in their sad bereavement, and to all those who sent floral tributes.—Brookside Farm, Sandy lane, Orford, Warrin2ton.

HAIRCOAIBINGS I made up zi- per oz. COVERLET TE I TAILS OF 1 FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

THE CORPORATION OF WAR RINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of yoars.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

F4LOCUTION.—MR. ALFRED PERRIS GIVES 'LESSONS; also Dramatic Recitals at public and private gatherings.-135, PADGATE LANE, Warrington. RECITALS at the Workingmen's Mission, Athletic Club Concert, Thewlis Street School, Thursday February 20th. WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., M H. PUPILS' RECENT SUCCESSES. 1913—Licentiate Trinity College, London, (L.T.C.L.) 1913-1908 and 1906—Silver Medals, Highest marks Junior Pianoforte, Liverpool Centre, T.C.L. 1912—Highest marks in British Empire Advanced Organ Ass. Bd., R.A.M. and R.C.M. 1912—Gold Medal, Highest marks Senior Pianoforte, Liverpool Centre, T.C.L. 1910—Silver Medal, Highest marks Intermediate Pianoforte, Liverpool Centre, T.C.L. 1910—Local Exhibition, Highest marks in United Kingdom Intermediate Pianoforte, T C.L. 1909—Associate Trinity College, London, (A.T.C.L,I LESSONS AT PUPIL'S RESIDENCE OR AT BROOKFIELD VILLAS, LYMM.

LATCHFORD GARDEN SOCIETY. MEETING IN THE PARISH ROOM, LATCHZHO,RD, WEDNESDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 1 AT 8 P.M. J. MOORE MURRAY, Esq., E H. TURTON, .1,1„. POULTON, Esq ROBERT HEN SHALL, Esq., and 4.• SHORT, Esq., will address the Meeting. .„ REV. G. C. BRIGGS IN THE CHAIR SOCIALIST HALL, WILDERSPOOL tiA USE WAY "OLD ENGLISH TRADE UNIONS," BY JOSEPH DALBY, M.A. 3RD LECTURE, MONDAY, FEB. 10TH, 8 P.M. "ORGANISANION AND CONDITIONS OF WOR K IN THE CRAFT GILDS." ALL ARE INVITED. BRABAZON EMPLOYMENT SOCIETY.— , A SALE OF THE WORK made by the Inmates cq the Warrington Union Hospital will be held at GREEN BANE, LAICHFORD (by kind permission of Miss Massy), on • /t THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13TH, 1913. a l o , b opened at 3 o'clock by MRS. AYL MER FROST There will be a Stall of Cakes, Sweets, &c. ENTRANCE 6D. CONSTANCE H. BROADBENT, Hon. Sec. SACRED CONCERTS Tly T.% ‘,ROSFIELD'S FAMOUS BAND THE UNIQUE TROMBONE QUARTETTE (CoNDucToit : MR. W. HALLIWELL. POR HALL, SUNDAY, FEB. 16TH, AT 3 AND 8.15 P.M. az!oltd the Benefit of E. MASSEY (Incapacitated) Warringtonian and a former member of the Band. GjicßETs :—Centre Circle, is. Rest of Hall, 6d und Floor 3d . . HELP TIJE NEW BUILDING- FUND. WYCLIFFE COCKHEDGE MISSION CHOIR GRAND CONCERT "rFIE HOLY GRAIL" by H. E. Nichol, Mus.Bac Oxon IN THE INDEPENDENT METHODIST MISSION HALL, BRICK STREET. THURSDAY NEXT, FEB. 13TH, 1913, AT 7.45. ARTISTES :—MISS HEWITT, MRS. SEPHTON, MR. W. BOOTH, MR. E. WALKER, AD-MISSION 6d., 3d. TR E WARRINGTON MUSEUM COMMITTEE beg to announce that the following POPULAR LECTURES On "FLORENCE AND ITS ART," will be delivered, under the auspices of the Ogden Trustees, by 3. E. PHYTHIAN, ESQ. :3ATURDAY FEBRUARY S : " CHURCHES, PAL' TIIACES, AND SCULPTURE," SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15TH • " THE PAINTERS OF THE GOTHIC' TIME." SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22ND.: "THE PAINTERS OF THE RENAISSANCE." Lantern Illustrations At the CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO STREET, at 730 p.m A pIITSSION FR F,R. U t W KUM.* r YAKLIAAILIN Y DEBATING SOCIETY. CAIRO STREET SCHOOLS. THURSDAY, 7.45 P.M. E. A. WHITE, ESQ., PRIME MINISTER. J. BALL, ESQ., SPEAKER. 11111111 A RY 13TH.—DEBATE "Condemnation of „%zovernment Home Rule Pill.—President of the o ard of Trade, Mr. P. W. I.)EVENPORT (Salford pae.at..) Important ValiboUuAr RY 20TH.—DEBATE "The Advantages of Eicbangesi."—R. WILLIAMS, Esq., 8.A., I,P.Y_c_cn Divisional Office, N.W. Division. r-ItutuAßy 27TH.—DEBATE : "Are the Lords Allred in rejecting the Welsh Church Bill ?" mernbgls. STArFIELD, M.A. Dublin University. Admission " urge tIY zd. requested to attend. Visitors F. A. JEIsTKINS 1 Hon. Joint P. R. ISHERWOOD ,Secretaries

WOOD'S TUTORIAL COLLEGE Is "THE BEST COLLEGE" for BOYS. "THE BEST COLLEGE" for GIRLS who have" just left school." SITUATIONS FOUND in the POST OFFICE, BUSINESS OFFICES, Sx., at the completion of a successful period of trainino. 14E17 YOUR CHILDREN be thoroughly drilled in the "Three R's." PLACE THEM UNDER OUR SUPERVISION NOW. Provide them with a "short cut' to the summit of their ambitions. CALL OR WRITE "THE MANAGER," WOOD'S TUTORIAL COLLEGE, BOLD STREET, WARRINGTON.

GOOD STYLE, without freakish nes, good material, without ostentation; good fit without ex- aggeration ; these are the things to look for in the clothes of a gentleman. In all garments we produce you will find these qualities to per- fection, with the hundred little niceties of work- manship, care and kW that mark the finest examples of tailoring, and that most appeal to men of taste and judgment. Place your next order with us and judge for yourself. BOYDELL BROTHERS, TAILORS, 43, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON LITERARY AND PHILO- SOPHICAL SOCIETY. W. PETER RYLANDS, ESQ., Will Read a Paper, entitled "THE THEORY AND INCIDENCE OF TAXATION," ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10TH, AT S P.M., At the Meeting to be held in the PATEN HALL, WINMARLEIGH STREET.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—THE SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE are pre-, pared to receive TENDERS for the supply of the following Materials for Longford Depot for a period of twelve months commencing Ist April next : WROUGHT IRON, BOLTS, CASTINGS, TOOLS, OILS, PACKING, BRICKS, VITRIOL &c.; also for CARTING. Samples of goods required may be seen and speci- cation and form of tender may be obtained from the undersigned. The contractors whose tenders are accepted will be required to observe the recognised customs and con- ditioris as to the rate of wages and working hours pre- vailing within the district. Tenders, securely fastened, must be addressed "The Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Watrington," endorsed "Tender for Depot Materials' "and delivered not later than 10 a.m. cui Monday, 17th February, 1913. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. Longford Depot, Warrington. R. WILSON. sth February, 1913. 6 Manager.

COUNTY BOROU3II OF WARRINGTON.—The SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS for the supply of the Committee's require- ments during the twelve months ending March 31st, 1914, viz.:— CLEANSING DEPARTMENT. , Bolts, Nuts, and Washers, Brushes, Disinfectants, Shovels, Wrought Iron, Wheeiwright's Timber, Rubber Rings, Workmen's Slops, Horse Hire, Steel Ashbins Steel Pails, and Provender. Parties wishing for Tender forms will please specify those materials only for which they propose to tender. Specifications and samples may be seen and form of tender and all further information obtained at the Office of the Cleansing Superintendent, Howley, on and after Monday, February 10th, 1913. Tenders to be addressed to "The Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrington," endorsed " Nightsoil Department—Materials," securely fastened, must be delivered not later than Monday, February 17th, 1913. The Contractor whose tender may be accepted will be required to observe the recognized customs and con- ditions as to the rate of wages and working hours pre- vailing within the district. The Committee reserve , the right to divide, the Contract in any way they may think fit, and do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. Central Sanitary Depot, JAMES J A PARFITT, Howley, Cleansing Superintendent. Warrington, Feb. 6th, 1913.

r No. 1673 ONE PENNY ae Quarter 6s. 6d. per annum. nUrl.slf rm 14..iBrzunn.y., ss 913. BY POST { is. 7118..139ed. per Quarter credit.

ROYAL COURT THEATIE, 17/ARRIN6TON. Ponpr.etor, SIR JOSEPH BEECHAM. General Manager, MR. A. M. LOADER. Acting Man ,ger, MR. H. L. "WARBURTON. Tel. 460. MONDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 10th, and during the week. 6=50 TWICE ICAE-17'141( 9=o RICHAHD NIGHTINGALE presents his New and Up-to-date Pantomime DICK WHITTINGTON Special Engagement of DOLLY ROSS as DICK." POPULAR PRICES: Early Doors, Stalls 1/3. circle 9d. Pit fid, Gallery 3d. Ordinitri, Doors, Stalls 1 Cirelo 6d. Pit 4d. Gallery 2d

' It ii.Y Co.NTßALTh.—seaieu t't,..M)Ett.S tor the WARIIINTGETINO,DNECROSRPFOORRATLI,ONNIFTOPII‘rWAYS A. datqf)ptlye7f KINDve oLlNfrOiliyiOstODApa:tidi 01V, factr ttittlee TENDERS are invited for the supply of UNIFORM various statii:ns in the Western Command will be to the Tramways Employees, received at the undermentioned office, until 12 o'clock Particulars may be obtained from the Tramways non Wednesday the 19th February, 1913. Manager, Car Sheds, Mersey Street, and tenders in Ferrns or Tenclor, with list of stations and envelopes securely fastened and endorsed " Tenders for Uniform" should be sent in to :he undersioad not approximate quantities, can be obtained on application to the District It rrack Officer, Watergate House, later than 12 o'clock noon on Tuesday, Feb. 18th, 1913. Chester. Town Hall, J. LYON WHITTLE, Head Quarters Office, . Warrinvton. Town Clerk. WPPtorn C mritind, Cheat.r.

WARRINGTON 14/BERM, 21S)eiriliTION. PARE HALL, SATURDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 15th, 1913. WA: 4•*' Pa," . qUar. V. (FOR MEN ONLY). SPEAKERS—The Rt. Hon. AUGUSTINE IWELL, K.C., A. H. CHOSFIELDp ESQ., and others. Chair to ba taken at 7-30 by CFIA.III.43ES /7.41. PAWE, 17,175 Q ADMISSION by Ticket only. Tickets may be obtained from Mr. E. A. SANDERS, Liberal Offices, Bewsey Street. IMPORTANT NOTICE. Owing to the great demand for Tickets, the Association cannot undertake the issue of any more after Monday next.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON, CROSFIELD AMATEUR OPERATIC SOCIETY, COMMENCING MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17thp 1913. SIX GRAND PERFORMANCES OF THE FASCINATING COMIC OPERA 66 MY • 41! • 99 X:, 41 : IN AID OF LOCAL CHARITIES. Special Scenery and Costumes. Principals, Chorus and Orchestra numbering over 60 Performers. Front Stalls (reserved) 3/-, Back Stalls (reserved) 2/6, Lower Grand Circle (reserved) 3/-, Other Circle Seats (reserved) 1/6, Promenade 1/-, Pit 9d. (booked day of performance 1/-). Gallery 6d. PLAN OPENS MONDAY NEXT Feb. 10th. at II a.m., at the Theatre Box Office. Telephone 460. W. P. TAYLOR. Hon. Sec.

TheNatio 1p uol 18. k ofiilaid LIMITED. HEAD OFVICE : 15, 131S110PSGAVE, LONDON, E.C.

CAPITA L—P.tid up ... £3,000,000 Uncalled ... 2,30e,000 Reserve Liability ... 10,600,000 Subscribed Capit%l £15,900,000 RESERVE FUND (invested in English Government Securities), £2,150,000. DIRECTORS. Colin Frederick Campbell, Esq. I Francis Alexander Johnston EN. I George Forbes Maleolmson, Esq. Maurice Otho Fitzgerald, Esq. Claude Villiers Emilius Laurie, Esq. I Selwyn Robert Pryor, Esq. William Henry Neville Goschen, Esq. Fralicis Charles Le Merchant, Esq. Thomas George Robinson, Esq. The Right Hon. Lord Inehcape, The Right Hon. The Earl of Lichfield. Robert Wigmm, Esq. G.C.M.G, K.C.5.1., K.C.I.E. I JOINT GENERAL MANAGERS. Thomas Estall, Esq. D. J. H. Cunniek, Esq. Freaer ick.Eley, Esq. SOLICITORS. Ernest James Wilde, Esq. Walter Edward M,)ore, Esq., Edward Hugh N orris Wilde, Esq. BALANCE SHEET, 31sT DECEMBER, 1912. • LIABILITIES. ASSETS.

'',„o 4PA A • • otn, < A„

:. ' ...7..1:411,pfi11:_-4.):. ',/: . ~. , A • • _ . I ' . .. , , .. ' 0 A. .. , ' ''' " • '''", ''.,,s ' <, '.' I,c' . '. . ' '' .. ' ' ' '' fr 4 • ,l';?' , ,'' _:, . ....„...„.T.,... _ ,„,i'...:.... c IT: F 441 LETTS - : ii NOTED . • 44 19 : GOOD LUCK WE DDIN.O MNGS L, ..... 22CT GOVERNMENT STAMPED ••*i. ROUND. HALF ROUND Elk FLAT SHAPED . • .. :•'' • ALL SOLD 13Y WEIGHT y ne \• _. "AT SPE CIAL PRICES t _ !lid: A PRESENT WITH EACH RING. v''' • .• S fivigol)---I-141A-7-4?7 • . 4111LIVi ,1., . Round Shape, i-Round Shape—The Popular Flat Shape From 21/- to 60/-• Ring—From 201- to 50/-• From 10/- to 50/-. The Largest Stock iira the Town, ycacros and dthlate H ' ' '** E u st(manyanee J Manager Miller & Co.) JEWELLER & SILVERSMITH, :11:- ° 10 "'ridge Street, _ Telephone 381, WARRINGTON.

WINTER': SALE THIS DAY AND UNTIL SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15th. THE RIGHT TIME TO BUY FURNISHiNG GOODS. GENUINE REDUCTIONS FOR CASH or on EASY TERMS. 17 1 Carpets Made and Laid Free. Linoleums Laid Free. NEE -‘, Casement Materials 1/- and up- FURNISHING STORES. wards Made up Free. BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. Roller Blinds Made Free. Special Extra Discount off Linens. Large and beautiful stock to select from.

other such spices. Mustard perhaps is the only exception. Given very judiciously this condiment is good, but even then it should only be given when the weather is very severe. A like remark applies to the use of maize. This grain is a great internal fattener and should be used with precaution. Twice a week is quite often enough to use maize with breeding stock. A plentiful supply of animal food and green food are, however, essential. Lean meat boiled and chopped fine is a great egg-producer. Where green food is at a premium you may find a good substitute in mangolds and turnips. These should be cut in halves and placed in the cleanest quarter of the pen. A good supply of fresh clean water every day should not be oveilooked, and see also that the grit box is never empty, especially wilen fowls are kept in close confinement. CARE OF THE EGGS. Eggs that are being stored for the purpose of incubation should be stored in a cool room but free from keen draughts. These should not be put down in a careless manner as often enough by so doing the germs are effected. If you do not possess an egg tray, get a shallow box, fill it with bran, then place the eggs into the bran, I,trge end upwards. By this system the gerEn in the egg is kept in its proper and natural position. •

NO DEAD CHICKS. By using only ARMITAGES' DRY CHICK FOOD. It will pay you. Chicks reared on this Food alone weigh 20oz. at 5 weeks, commence to lay at 5 months. An 8d bag (by poqt is.) rears 12 Chicks till 3 weeks old. Bags 4d., Bd., is. 4d., 2s. 6d., etc. Makers : ARMITAGE BROS. LTD., POULTRY FOOD SPECIALISTS, NOTTINGHAM. AGENTS: CARTER es: SON, BRIDGE ST. WARRINGTON.

WHITE VVYANDOTFE, winners of silver mednls in last winter's laying competition ; Eggs for hatching ready ; day-old Chicks booked ; also a ff,w Cockerels left ; vacancy for pupiI.—EADCLIFFE, Bucklow Hill, Knutsford.

EGGS from Exhibition BUFF ORPINGIOWS, on unlimited range ; Palace winning strain, all eggs gip ranteed from winners, and possessing grand winter laying qualities. OS per dozen; unfertiles replaced.— SMITH DUCE, Manor Fold, Clitheroe.

GREEN FOOL) MEAL, champion cheap fool tor Cattle, Poultry, Pigs. Sample free.—aOSSLVN Co., 13, Park lands rd,. StrPat ham. Lond,,n.

GUANO Croad Langshan COCKEREL, is. 6d. ; hggs from pen 3s per 13.—G. T. WEARDEN, Ivy House, Alawdesley.

KAVAMS The new Food for Poultry and Young Animals. (ilargreave's Patent.) Makes Birds strong and healthy; eggs plentiful and fertile; lightens trouble and risk in rearing young stock; ensures good constitution; remarkable results. TRY T. KAVARIS FOOD CO., Hutchinson Street, Widnes. Ask your Corn Dealer for " Kavaris." Agents Wanted.

ritai,4l.4.-. ' ,W ~_ 4il W.,? ...,..7. . . w ~.,...4 ,g CUrn.. I.IIL ST; .. _ 4., WARP:III2I'Oi- t 1 . . 4 ,i 4-1 , , 0 4, 1 i ; : , as,(K&LIM-2m i ( MaIiILIMTGS I . ' TrAlll-1 '-i317 # t MCLOX, noo.m. CORN, 11...411.. GMT.. 4 . OSOKO, 4644. . ...--. t 1 -4* '0 . • MAPLISS, Iff.E=.ll, , . TICK SCANS, 8,0,, , COLLARS, COOOS. • LEAD., J.. • . . ' INCUBATORS, etc. ,

way to a kind of heaven upon earth. The struggle for success in life was not, of itself, sufficient test of fitness. There were qualities of genius, high-mindedness and imagination which often proved a drawback to people in the fight for worldly success. Of course, be was not saying that honesty, on the whole, was not the hest policy. In the notion of ideal harmony and the discovering of the broad conditions on which it depended, they learned to form a real conception of what the social good really was.

PO w ,

THE C AIPET MARKET, LINOLEUM AVENUE, 34-36, ILONEION.ROAD. The Right e PIRPETS at the Right Prices RAY & MILES, 34, 33, 38, 40, 42, 44, 45, 48, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 1 O'CLOCK.

' '7447' " unto.t

.r 0-DAY'S FIXTURES. , The list of fixtures for to-day, together with the results of the corresponding games last season, is as folio vs : Oldham Hunslet Runcorn Halifax Dewsbury 23 Keighley Batley Salford 8 Rochdale Hornets Bradford Hull Wigan l7 Broughton Rangers ... 2 Coventry Warrington

it I M it. C ii- MADE OF HOOTS, BARKS, FiEill S. As used by the American Indians. A Sto tricli and Liver Medi zr ----- , • eine gcltle init s action but effective in its result. Not violent purging or gripin -=-, , ,•-•Specitie • .---N\ Present • ' . _.___ ,L,....-- ----A, 7_ ~ due to • x . - ..'- .-, • al; ' - ,/,' /1, sternaeli id ..44 , ~.-' easily t, , i Britain's Land of Promise. A week florn. Liver- pool. Golden opportunities for competent agri- o -: - ''''-' 'ii . (~,,,...%€7' ed by ~,,, • ~, , . ~,,, ,•ir , K OThr tzglcro. orre,rried,_ etw ra :::: io.rz ,:i tif. sifraa:atirruecr: isr.:hisi ansf. ,57:1 rnbtu, tpi eLerirok;ivri Yrae2eids s ia.b enpr i gc;.. .:f reeut : . fe . . .i Ita" d - I, cici n, ra, aan tnded; 'ELI, •, . ~.., ,„i 1.,.,,• , ... Tonic. ~....w.:,:,.. .:,,., :r:-..• iilg ,o„,fr,. ..—„,:,-.:-.!--4-4.„—,,,,--'4.„ . British farmers ::j ra 2 tt• -$ ' . , .., . • ' pay in .ri k,' of acres in rent. ti,..l4N'' peaches. Ideal cdu- - _ t,C,,.- _ rieational social conditi,,os. B gilt Prospects for female .";') 1> .<"'-fr;-.;.,..•;-'1 ............-- ~,,,,, tE, domestics. The Government guarantee to place competent men and ct -I :.-1 6, .-2';..,..f..". % • women. Marvellous natural resources rj i awaiting investors. 0 w ~./ ' .- ,I Write Nlr.N, B. Colcock, Ontario Government Agent, 1-4 x 161, 1 11, 2/3 and 416 Bottle, of all Chemists 1 • .. fi..... ..,ar. Strand, London. ._ _ . ..._,. ..._ •

Ladiea.—Ugly hair on face cnred.—Txu DEPILA, Chumby, 31, Claverton at., Victoria. FrIALRING MACHINE for Sale,nearly netv,complete, only 2/6.—Bms, 57, Orchard at., Bradford.

"VILLA to be LET, at Great Sankey, two entertain- V ing-rooms, bath, w.c., hot and cold water, rent £24.—W FurtNEss, Sankey, Warrington. TO LET, COTTAGE, Bolton-le-Sands, nominal rent until May Day ; also Villa site, foreshore.— BENNETT Read, Blackburn. VVTAREHOUSE TO LET.-36 feet 30 feet well lit, dry, hot water heating.—Apply EX A MINER " OFFICE, Warrington.

COTTAGE TO LET, with large garden for poultry keeping; suit person employed in town ; rent 4s —Apply, ROYSTON, Paddington, Warrington.

BBRAS DOG COLLAR TALLIES, with name and address complete, post free, 7d.—BAWDON, 85 King at.. Blackburn.

QMALL DETACHED RESIDENGE to let at Nantwicb, Cheshire; 3 reception, 5 bedrooms' bath gastGarden.—J MEADOWS & SON, Market Drayton. QIIOP and DWELLING, rent reduced, suitable for tailor, milliner, dressmaker, grocer, butcher; 55, Bewsey at., Warrington.—Apply HEALEY, King at., or SKELLAND, Bewsey at.

KINII"EM) COATS, direct from the 'tinker warranted pure wool; hand finished.—liciPE'S HOMEKNIT, Wem, Shrooshire.

12 POSTCARDS of yourself for Is. 7d. post free; send photo and P.O.—THE UNIVERSAL PHOTO- GRAPHIC CO., BA., King st., Nottingham.

TO LET.—THE CEDARS, Tattenhall rd. Station house, three entertaining rooms, six bedrooms stabling, land; decorated; bath, lavatories, THOS PARKER, Wyche House, Bunbury, Tarporley.

6 PAGE BOOK about HEliEs and How to Use "It Them, free; send for one.—TunutcELL, The Herbalist. 144, Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 1879 Blankets.—Northwold White, full size,7B by 58,3 s each, Gs. pair post free ; weight 31bs,warm, durable. —HAYWARD & Co ,Dept E., Hart rd ,Thundersley,Essex

9, PALMYRA SQUARE, rent £34 year. 143, KNUTSFORD ROAD, good Shop and Dwelling house, rent £l6 year. PENKETEL Good Cottage, 2s. Od. week. M.ARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Office, most central position in town; good light ; £l6. tipply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55.

NEAT Wristlet Watches, in superior leather strap, complete for ss. 3d. ; everything supplied, state wants, easy payments.—SEWAßD. 18, Pasture rd, Leech

MO CLOGGERS.—About 20doz. Men ',a Old Tops at 7s. per doz. ; also a quantity Butters at 3s. per doz.—DI:GALORE, Clog Sole Manufacturer, 42-44, Oldfield rd., Salford. rpRIUMPH MOTOR CYCLE and SIDECAR for 1- Sale, 36, WitiwicK ST., just overhauled, new cylinder piston, &c., free engine, two speed gear Spares and tools. rillo COW KEEPERS.—FOR SALE, Waste Cabbages and Mangolds ; both grand quality; price: cab- bages, 10s. per ton at farm.—Apply D. LEDSON, Bonny Well Farm, Leigh. (Tel. No. 38 UVERYBODY'S doing it. Doing what? Why JUJ using Gardners' Boot Preservative, it keeps out rain and snow, Write at once. Post free is. Id. of .1 GARDNER, Witham. Essex. LARUI4.; Stock ot new abct se Cl couosamt boilers Engines, Lathes, Drills, Tanks, Pumps, Cranes, Brick Machines, Colliery and Qulrry Plant, &c.— JOHN STRINGER AND SON, Dept. 10. Blackburn.

rpo SMALL IN VESTORS.-20 PER CENT. Pe-r 1- annum GUARANTEED INTEREST paid on Deposits of not less than £10; Capital may be with- drawn on short notice. Address : MR. C. GIBSON, The Secretary (for England), The Lucerne Finance and Banking Corporation, Overstrand, Cromer.

IT YOU ARE IN NEED of a Private Advance from £2 upwards.—Apply at once for terms, B. JACKSON, 50, Hyde rd., Ardwick, Manchester.

SZ3 TO gi 000, 9 This a the only office where Private Loans are granted to all persons in need, without publicity, or Moneylender's routine. If you require a Private Loan and honourably intend to repay, tben waste no time on tempting adverts, but apply direct to ED. LIPMAN It is admitted by hundreds of clients that my business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually agreed upon. Weekly. Loan .£5 „ RAO ~ £25 „ £SO „ £IOO INTEREST FROM 2/- IN THE £. NO CONNECTION WITH ANY OTHER OFFICE. C. COTTERILL (Manageress), 21, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON

Bu Y Ditthut mull size Yartour suites, 4 smalls, 2 easys, Couch Upholstered, Green, Red or Blue, woven velvet, £4 ss. Covering photos free.—WARD, Coleridge st., Kensington, Liverpool.

NUTRITIVE Hair Cream.—A non-greasy preparation for fixing and training the most obstinate hair in any desired position,eradicates dandruff ; post free Is3d —VERNON HASLAM, 35, Lytham at., Blackpool.

SEEDS for 6d. post free, comprising 5,000 Asters, Mignonette, Nicotiana affinis, Shirley Poppies, Stocks and Sweet Peas.—STANLEY Co„ Seed Specialists, 137, Elwell id., Surbiton. HIEN', Sell, or Exchange.—LUßßlES, 6 to 12 cwt, £6; neat Traps, £2; Greengrocers' Carts, Hand Carts, 4-wheeled Van; Cob, suit tradesman, £6; Wheels, all sizes.-2, BOARDMAN ST., Fairfield at. London rd., Manchester.

CIUTLERY at Wholesale Prices.—Best Sheffield Ivorine handle desert knives 3s lid half dozen ; tables 4s lid pair, samples 9d each; silver-mounted carvers to match 4s lid pair, steels 28.—TRUSTEEL CO., 217, High at., Lewisham London. HAND-PAINTED Portraits, Ain. x 10an.' from Photos, in Crayon 3s 6d, in Sepia 4s, in Water- colours 5s 6d, in Oils 8s 6d.—Send any photo,which will be returned uninjured, to GEORGE DAVIES, 42, Rockley at., Liverpool. 1131tELLFIELD POULTRY YARDS.—Discard all 111--, powder remedies and try my ROUP PILLS; used by myself for yegrs and never lost a bird since using this remedy ; id end le id per box, post free.—FRED BINKs, 148, Bellfleld rd., Rochdale.

NEW GOLD FOR OLD GOLD. We paybest prices for old gold, Silver and Platinum, send us whatever you have and we will immedi- ately forward you cash for same; bankers reference given.—Cow EN & CO., 63, Whiteohapel rd., London. HOUSEKEEPELIS—You will save many shillings if you send 7d. P.O. for recipe for making " Teano," the new preraration which halves your tea bill by extracting full flavour and strength. Inexpen- sive. Beneficial to health.—Mrs. L. SNOWDON, New Houses, Trindale Crescent, Bishop Auckland.

HAVING purchased from a high-class Manufacturer in Northampton his Travellers' Samples at a large discount, while thy last I will send trial pair on receipt of P.O. Gents' 10s. 9d. ; Ladies', 9s. 9d. State size, and whether Box Calf or Glace Kid is preferred. Exceptional opportunity to obtain genuine bargains.— C. H. HALLIDAY. Boot Warehouse, Crimbles, Pudsey. ABEAUTIFUL Sepia Enlargement, mounted and finished, actual size 20 x 1G for 6s. 9d., carriage paid, or framed complete in handsome brown and gold frame lie. 3d., carriage gild; remarkable value; satisfaction guaranteed; send photo and P.O. without delay ; we are making a free offer to customers during February.—THE UNIVERSAL PHOTOGRAPHIC CO., BA, King st., Nottingham. SSAFETY.--lo have Baby safe at any time and in any position use "Conquest " Safety i'ombination Belt. The "Conquest" is adjustable,made of superior webbing, and ;s used in the perambulator, cot, chair. &c., for children from 6 months to 4 sears. No mother can realize the comfort, satisfaction and absolute safety of her child until she uses the " Conquest " Belt. Price is. 6d. and 2s. 6d. post free. Obtainable from Drapers and StOreB.—CONQUEST MANUFACTURING CO., 76, Fore at., London. E.G.

_ WANTED, lIEAD LAUNDRESS; five kept; good salary • evenings free.—Apply MATRON, Royal Infirmary, Huddersfield.

WANTED, two GIRLS about 15 sts apprentices, every opportunity to learn in old established business, good home.-15, BRA.DSKAWGATE, Bolton.

APPRENTICES wanted for Dressmaking and Departments.—Apply Co-OPERATIVE SOCIETY DRAPERY DEPARTMENT, Bankey st.. Warrington.

WANTED, PENSIONER, good scholar, steldy habits, for light office work in town.—Address with full particulars to Box No. 5, " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

AGENTS, and PEOPLE with Spare Time, to sel. cycles, monthly payments ; liberal commission —BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING Co, Berry st.l Liverpool. .OCAL Hardware Tradesman wants willing YOUTH IA 17-18 years, at assistant ; previous experience and I.nowledge of book-keeping a reooma)endation ; references reqtXred.—Apply Box No. 9. " Examiner " Office, Warrington. WAN FED, COACHMAN, about 28; able to drive a pony; state domestic qualifications of wife and children ; home, coal, and light found.—Apply Box 17, 1' Examiner" Office, Warrington. WANTED HORSES for killing purposes abroad, from £2 to £1.2 given; no connections with any others. CHAS. RiNsHAw, Ram Hotel Stables, 359, Oldham rd, Manchester. Telephone 2617, Central. 35/. WEEKLY.—PERSONS Wanted imnitdiatel for circular addressing (work at horn Write enclosing stamped enveIope.—WATERMAN 16, Great James at, London. Co.

WANTED CARETAKER for Stockton Heath P.O Telephone Exchange.—Applicants must apply by letter Only enclosing copies of testimonials to P.O. Tsr.F.rmoNEs, 8, Scotland rd. Warrinnten. TUNIOR TYPIST ano Snorthc an IA riser (male) CP wanted, for a manufacturer's office in Warrington, age about 18.—Write, stating experience, wages, required, &c. Box 153, "Examiner " Office. Warrington.

NIEN and Women to train for finis Government posts; good pay, pension; no examinations ; rapid postai preparation; magazine free.—SECRETARY, Training College, 500, Thanet llouse, Strand; write to-day

BACHELOR 45, going occasionally on shott trips to the Continent (Paris, Brussels, etc.) would much like a few ladies and gentlemen to join him for company, each paying own exoenses.—Address : " TRAVEL" c/o Proprietors "Examiner " Office, Warrington.

youTH of 17 to 18 years ef age wanted for Junior Clerk's position in local manufacturer's office; one with some experience of office routine preferred.— Apply Box No. 5, "Examiner" Office, Warrington, stating age, experience and salary required.

WANTED, GENTLEMEN, who are well known to take up a Cash Agency for the sale of Alsteads Raincoats and Motor Cycle Suits: commission first few weeks, then wages on regular staff if suitable. Apply with references to ROBERT ALSTEAD LTD., The Cloth Hall, Wigan.

WANTED, 50 MEN for farm work in Canada (mus pay own fare), work guaranteed—proviou experience not essential ; weekly conducted parties Salvation Army bas unoqualled organisation.—Write or call, Head Office address, Commissio.NEß LAMB, 122, Queen Victoria st., London,E.C., or Branch Office,l7oa, London rd., Liverpool, and 100, Deansgate, Manchester.

TO £5,000 LENT DAILY Xi", ON THESE TERMS for agreed period : £5 loan, Repay £.5 10s. £25 loan, Repay £27 108 £lO „ „ £ll I £3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £l6 10s. I £5O „ „ £55 £2O „ „ £22 I £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this distriot. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; end at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTHWICH.

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM £lO TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING ND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FE ES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRIFFIN, Minories Chambers, Minories,Birminghara NJ.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

Tgt —PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS_ WARRlNGTON.—Kindergarton and Preparq tory School for Boys.—Principal, MISS DRING L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff includes B.A. and L.R.A.M. Next Term commences Tuesday, January, 21st, 1913. giefDLINGTON COLLEGE YORKSHIRE. A small, select, and comfortable BOARDING' SCHOOL for BOYS. Small classes. Individual atten- tion. Backward boys carefully taught. Excellent examination and health record. Every fine afternoon devoted to outdoor games. Illustrated Prospectus on appl icati on. ST U C T 0 N LODGE mull SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. Prospectus, references, and views on I application, to MISS PARTINGTON. Principal.

ON SALE PEKINGESE PUPPIES, male and female, G months old; pedigree; price moderate. —Apply MELcHton, Lynton Lodge, Boole, Chester. VOR SALE, 2 Smart RALLI CARS. 2 Governess Cars with rubber tyres, lamps, Sze., complete, Victoria, 3 Garden Seated Buses,2 Family Buses to cal ry 21 and 14 passengers ; all the vehicles are in first class condition.—EnwAnn CONNOR, Sankey et., Warrington.

OI\L;SA LE CHIP SHOP,Ss. 6d. week clear; sell cheap 5, Prances st.. Bellegreen Lane. Ince. Wigan. FOR SALE CASH DRUG S WRES low rent; main road ; cheap; good reason for selling; 37, BOLTON ND, Bury. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSE TO 11l SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDELL, 20, Museum st.. Warrington. FRUIT and Flower Growing Business for Wile Guernsey. Weekly turnover £l4O ; paying 20 per cent. Present occupier 10 years ; failing health.— GOMERSALL'S AGENCY, Blackpool. BUTCHER'S BUSINESS ON SALE. —Suburb, o estate of several thousand houses; cash trade the only butcher's; no other to be made.—Apply personally, 137, MATTHEWS LANE Levenshulme, M•mchester.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. PRION COLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAWS

GARNETTS' WARRINGTON. Estate of Robert Garnett, Esq., deceased. The whole of the VALUABLE AND COMPREHENSIVE CABINET STOCK of MESSRS. ROBERT GARNETT AND SONS, WARRINGTON AND LIVERPOOL. Established close on a century. The STOCK embraces the APPOINTMENTS • for RECEPTION AND DINING ROOMS, LIBRARIES, MORNING ROOMS, BEDROOMS HALLS, &c. Taken from characteristic examples of the EARLIER JACOBEAN PERIOD of CHIPPENDALE, SHERATON, HEPPLE WHITE, And other GEORGIAN TYPES. And of the NINETEENTH CENTURY AND, "NEW ART" PRODUCTIONS, rogether with the gropK OF CARPETS, RUGS, WINDOW DRAPERIES, FIREPLACES, OLD OAK CHESTS, And OTHER ANTIQUE FURNITURE, ARMS AND ARMOUR, ' " STEINWAY " GRAND PIANOFORTE, ex., &0., T ° BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY MESSRS. BROWN'& BROWN. I on TUESDAY, 11th FEBRUARY NEST, and several following days, at twelve noon each day, in Messrs. Garnetts' Showrooms, Sankey-street, Warrington. To he viewed on Friday, the 7th, Saturday, the Bth, and Monday, the 10th February next, when catalogues may he obtained at the Warrington Showrooms, or at the Auctioneers' Offices, H. South Castle-street, 'Liverpool. N.B.—BUSINESS CARRIED ON AS USUAL.

BY ORDER OF THE MORTGAGEES. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MESSRS. JOHN HATCH AND SONS, F.A.1., at the "BLUE BELL" INN, HOWE- MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, on WEDNES- DAY, tbe 19th day of FEBRUARY, 1913, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, subject to the Public Sale Conditions of the Incorporated Law Society of Liverpool, and to such Special Conditions as shall be then and there produced: LOT I.—NINE LEASEHOLD DWELLING HOUSES, situate in and numbered 34, 36, 38, 40. 42, 44 and 46, WARBURTON STREET, WARRINGTON, and 2 and 4, Siddall Sheet, Warrington, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £7O Is. per annum. Terra, 970 years from the Ist May, 1894. Annual ground rent, £l2 17s. 6d. LOT 2.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- HOUSES, situate in and numbered 20, 22 and 24 CYRIL STREET, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals £35 2s. per annum. Term, 999 years from. Ist November, 1904. less the last 10 days thereof. Annual ground rent, £3 15s. LOT 3.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- HOUSES, situate in and numbered 26, 28, and 30, CYRIL STREET, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £35 2s. per annum. Terms, 999 years from let November, 1904, less the last 10 days thereof. Annual around rent, £3 15s. LOT 4.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING - HOUSES, situate in and numbered 32, 34, and 36, CYRIL STREET, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Grcss rentals, £35 2s. per annum. Term, 999 years from Ist November, 1904, less the last 10 dsys thereof. Annual ground rent-, £3 15s. LOT 5.—A DETACHED LEASEHOLD DWELLING HOUSE with stabling and outbuildings adjoining thereto, known as " Whitecross House," No. 9, LIVERPOOL ROAD, WARRINGTON, together with three lock-up shops, No. 9a, 9b, and 9c, LIVERPOOL ROAD. Two of the shops are let to weekly tenants and one is at present vacant. Gross rental of shops let, £3l 4s. Term, 999 years from the 24th March, 1840. Nett annual ground rent, £ll Os. 10d. The minerals are reserved. Vacant possession of White. cross House will be given on completion. LOT 6.—FIVE LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES situate in and numbered 2,4, 6,8, and 10, WARBUR- TON STREET, STOCKTON HEATH, in the County of Chester. Let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £97 lOs per annum. Term, 999 years from the Ist October, 1902, less the last 3 days thereof. Annual ground rent, £8 16s 4d. The minerals are reserved. LOT 7.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- HOUSES, situate in and numbered 12, 14 and 16 WARBURTON STREET, STOCKTON HEATH, in the County of Chester. Let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals £5B I.os per annum. Term 999 years from the let October, 1902, less the last 3 days thereof. Annual ground rent, £5 6s. The minerals are reserved. LOT B.—TWO LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, , situate in and numbered 36 and 38. HOOD LANE, SANKEY, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £39 per annum. LOT 9.—TWO LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, situate in and numbered 40 and 42. HOOD LANE, SANKhY, WARRINGTON, No. 40 being let upon a yearly tenancy and No. 42 upon a weekly tenancy Gross runt.. Is, £37 108 per annum. LOT 10.—THREE LEASEHOLD DWELLING- ' HOUSES, situate in and numbered 48, 50, and 52, HOOD LANE, SANKEY, WARRINGTON, let to weekly tenants. Gross rentals, £5B 103. per annum, together with the reversions expectant on the deter- mination of two under-leases and the receivable yearly rents of £lO 10s. and £4 10, thereby reserved. Lots 8,9, and 10 are leasehold for a term of 996 years from the 15th day of February, 1901, and Lot 8 will be sold subject to the annual ground rent of £3. Lot 9 will be sold subject to the annual ground rent of £3, and Lot 10 will be sold subject to the annual ground rent of £l9 10s.. being respectively portions of the yearly rent of £25 10s. reserved by the Indenture of Underlease creating the term of 996. The title deeds of all the Lots, or abstracts or copies thereof, may be inspected on application at the office of the Vendors' Solicitors at any time prior to the day of Sale. For further particulars as to Lot I apply to Mr G H Lawton, Stafford Chambers, 14, Brown-street, Man- chester, and as to all the Lots apply to the Auctioneers, Albany-buildings, 341, Lord-street, Southport (Tel. 83), or to the Vendors' Solicitors (Tel. 23), Messrs. BUCK, COCKSHOTT, & COCKSHOTT, 26, Hoghton-street, Southport.

CANADA. SECURE YOUR BERTHS AT ONCE FOR SPRING SAILINGS. Steamers are filling op rapidly. £5 deposit First Class, £2 Second Class and Ll Third Class, will reserve berths, the balance to be paid any time before sailing day. Full particulars and through fares to all parts o Canada and United States can be obtained from LEONARD BENNETT, 4, KING-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FIRELIGHTERS! FIRELIGHTERS I ! THE " MASTER " FIRELIGHTER, QUICKEST AND BEST. AN EXCELLENT DISINFECTANT. MANUFACTURED SOLELY BY THE "MASTER" FIRELIGHTER CO. OFF ORFORD AVENUE, WARRINGTON. VAN DELIVERIES DAILY.

Furniture Carpets Decorations , 461 cr.z a r n asttblished Hanufacturers whin Geer& IV. was King WAIMINCTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Stree),

C. JACKSON H OLMES, QUEEN'S CHAMBERS, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED INSURANCE BROKER IN THIS IMMEDIATE DISTRICT. All inquiries personally attended to. In these bustling days when the risk of accident to life end property is ten times greater than it was a decade or two ago, the wise and prudent tithe the precaution to secure themselves against financial loss by Insurance.

KENDAL, MILNE & Co., DE ANSGATE, MANCHESTER. (By Appointment to H.M. THE KING.) Telegrams, "KEN Mu." Telephone, 6203 CENTRAL. HOURS OF BUSINESS 8.30 to 6; SATURDAYS, 1 o'clock. cIILK DEPA R T MEN T. EARLY SHOW OF NEW SILKS FOR SPRING 1913. Spring Fashions point to the extensive use of "All-Silk Crepe-de-chene " and " Cr,?pe Effects" for New Gowns. New Shades are now being displayed in: CREPE EMPIRE Double width, 2/11i per yard. CREPE-DE-CHENE „ 5/11 „ CREPE INDIENNE „ 6/11 ~ CREPE DE LYON 8/11 „ CREPE GLORIEUSE If 7/11 ~ DRAP ALASKA , „ 10/6 The above in all New Shades and Black. -- NOVELTIES IN BROGLIE, CREPE, etc. CASCADE (made in England), double width, 9/11 per yard. New Shades just delivered. PATTERNS POST FREE. KENDAL, MILNE & Co.

....„ .4.‘ ..,, de........ A ~, r A, 4.- \ SELF-RAISING FLOUR , it is made of the finest and purest ingredients and ' . c will wonderfully improve your pastry, giving it 14 the lightness and shortness of shop-made pastry. I 2d, and 3d Bags at your Grocers . --24 ..,

NEW FTSYEAR RICHARD J FFFREYS9 NEGIFTSW YEAR . GI. ./ . BS, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &n. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PiCTCRES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI. and B GRNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. . A CHOICE COLLECTION CO,' OLD ENGRAVINGS.

W. ',O/GKIPISON, LTD., Commence, today, Saturday, the clearance of all remnants and oddments, left from the sale. cEMNANT S‘A‘i,LE TODAY.

B. CUNNINGHAM, BREWER, WARRINGTON. CRowN ALE OATMEAL STOUT, EXTRA STOUT

The New Pholoormihic Studio (Next to Atkinson's Cafe) 79, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. JAMES Pi;„ .1-1(INSON Begs to intimate to customers and friends that he has removed to the above com- modious premises which have been fitted up in the most up-to-date manner for Day and Electric Light Photography. ALL CLASSES of PHOTOGRAPHY AT MOST MODERATE PRICES.

- -6--P/CTI/RE DRONE b) , 0 4—posr orrice , t, - -• I . '0 • '4.0 4 : 4,:. ~.... ~. , , , . w 1 L K ~ s 3 :X ~V,O 4',:. ~.i.• • .'" ' ,P 1 1, i. • '5. • r .., ~::, ~,.,,,... • ..,.. . ~, , .ir .i, „..: .::.,„.• • E ilia Fai PIANOS Fr la itsfor SING! LEGH Slaik3EET Piano and fflu sEc Warehouse.

I II babies ...:,.,,..: • , . .4r, ..„..4. ~ laugh and grow strong on SCOTT'S. Pale cheeks grow rosy with health. Chest troubles vanish ; better health and spirits result.—" My infant son was suffering from bronchitis and teething troubles, but SCOTT'S stopped the bronchitis and now he brings his teeth through with very little trouble."— F. Doward, 147, Victoria Park Road, N.E. 12/2/12. .. • • • t v't hit 00' k..' , • , %, • S . "."..' 4,, -•,: " 4. 4. b.. --- • , . .- lit •:.,/' ~ uLsioN ~i,...„....ii. • t....,:' WARNING. Imitation emulsions, sugary preparations and ordinary oils, have not the same curative powers as .'i , i 1 SCOTT'S Emulsion. For chest and throat troubles, for childhood weaknesses, for building up the system t ' imitations and , _ 1.3 e / strong on SCOTT'S e.

' Z./.4 Pitt. IZA offers to 'Farm e s areal rir.E3l-VCS rkers MILLIONS of ACRES of FERTILE LANDS. A Wide Choice of Rural Industries. FERTILE LANDS ON EASY TERMS. LOW COST OF PRODUCTION. A HEALTHY AND SUNNY CLIMATE. Good Wages to Farm Workers with early prospect of acquiring Freehold Farms. Reduced Passages from ZG. For further particrel4rs and illustrated pamphlets apply in Lana'on la- The Agent-General for New South Wales, us 3 and 225. Cannon Street, EC. The Agent-General for Victmia, Melbourne Pace. Strand, \V C. The Agent-General for Queens' ,nd. goo. Strand, W.C. The Agent-General for South Australia, P 5, Gracechurch Street, E.C. The Agent-General for Western Aust•alia, 15. Victoria Street, S.W. The Agent-G neral for Tasmania, 56, Victoria Street, S.W. THE HIGH COMMISSIONER for AUSTRALIA, 72, Victoria Street, London, S.W.

ST. HELENS. --- ST. HELENS MAN FINED FOR BETTING. John and Susan Harrison, of tB, Victoria-street, were charged at St. Helens on ;NI onday with using their house for betting.—Mr P C Kelly, who defended, pleaded guilty on behalf of the man, but not guilty for MrS Harrison. Mr Kelly, for the defence, said that Harrison was a hard-working collier, who had been trustee of the St. Helens Collieries Miners' Lodge, and for fourteen years secretary, but he was now unable to work every day owing to suffering from a miner's disease of the eye known as " mysta_lnans." He was induced at the 13... ginning of the last flat-racing scascn to take bets fa another man, hut since September he had been on his own. He, however, found the business so unprofitable that he decided some time ago to abandon it. Harrison had several times saved people from drowning in the canal, and assisted fellow-colliers in difficulties. Ile asked the police to bear out this statement that during some years Harrison had been very useful to the police, and had helped to protect constables against the violence of an infamous " black gang " which formerly infested Gerard's Bridge, where he resided.—lnspector Holding, at the request of the Bench, said that thiS statement was true, and Police Constable Smith said that in 1894 Mrs Harrison saved him and rescued 111/0 from a very dangerous position in dealing with a mob. The Bench, in view of Harrison's good character, fined him only £5 and costs. They dismissed the charge against Mrs Harrison.

MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Still the Simplest, Best, and Most Reliable FIRE EXTINGUISHER. I. Nothing to get out of order. ( 2. Nothing to corrode. r rnioot 3. Nothing to explode. 2540 out of the 4199 _can mg: London Fires were wain- truished in one year by these vamosoP eArris. Write or call- -63, LONG ACRE, W.C., LONDON.

Pure I dkin • • .8 the ideal of every household. India, the home of the tea plant, has a soil and climate admirably adapted to the production of the very highest class of tea. Then the British planter, working with British brains and British capital, has the most ingenious machinery the world can devise. In . every process of manufacture there is the most scrupulous cleanliness, the leaf after being gathered being un- touched by hand. Indian Tea, therefore, is pure, rich, wholesome and economical. Among its varieties can be found some to suit every palate, every purse, and the water of every district. Ask your grocer for the Indian Tea that suits YOU.

IIIETIR 111-111111111i1i1111) 11111111111111i1. lie lIIMIIIIIIOIIETEI 1111E111, 11111111 M , • .- • , n ~, id -it; ~ r.,.s L .„ , ,•_. _:,.. ,„„, •••• .‘,.., ~,, ", , 4.. = ~ ~,,‘,,, t„ ,: , , 1e ' s n ~ , , .....:. „1.,...,a . 1 ....., .. -. es 4,,,, ' .0 i, .41 , ' b • . ~ *I ...I, 4.1i1j10,. -,E Angier's Emulsion has been prescribed by the medical profession and used in the hospitals for over twenty years, and is now universally reaognised as a = Lz- standard approved remedy for coughs, bronchitis, asthma, consumption and --' ,----7-7-: for all catarrhal affections of the respiratory or digestive organs. Angler's Emulsion is is soothing and healing to throat, lungs, stomach and intestines, and --- it has a most invigorating, tonic influence upon the general health. It is - pleasant to take and agrees perfectly with delicate stomachs. Of all Chemists, E-1 1/li, 2/9 and 4/6. LEE = —. • = • 1 . , 45 1 = E. , ~ ./——r- ' . • - , , ,R. j . .1,, , 4 . i 1. Al, '• ', :‘,lO ,• . ~ ••4- -, ‘,„,', ,r / ) . , . . , 7 4'a°ot\",—.tts.l.l-'":'' ' 1.• ~ "A Real Boon in Chest Complaints." 45. Aldridge Villas, Westbourne Park. W. Dear Sirs.—As a nurse I have had much experience with Angier's Emulsion, and can Speak of it in the very highest terms. I fremientiv recommend it for coughs and lung affections, and it always gives satisfaction. Its effect in relieving bronchial attacks is simply wonderful, and it also greatly assists nutrition. I think Angier 's Ennilsion is a real boon to all suffe,ers from Chest complaints. (Signed) (Nurse) A. CLAVERING Free Sample Name .................................... . Coupon. Address .................................................................. . E.X. Fill in coupon and send with 3d. for postage to the ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd.. GB Clerkenwell Road, London, E.O. .... 11IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1111111ifir

FOR THE MAN OF MODERATE MEANS 1 8 H.P. 4 Cylinder (60 x 120) With Two Seater 4413AYARID " Cars - Torpedo Body, Speed to 40 miles per hour, Price £197 , 10 H.P. 4 Seater £241. 10/18 H.P. 4 Cylinder (65 x 130) with High Class PALLADIUM" Cars Torpedo 3 Seater Body, Lamps, Horn, Tools etc. £250. Ditto with 4 Seater Body £271. 4HUPMOBILE 77 Cars f 15/18 H.P. 4 Cylinder (83 x 140) with Hood, Screen, I. 5 Lamps, Horn, Tools etc. 2 Seater £225, 4 Seater £235 CARS OF EACH MAKE NOW IN STOCK, INSPECTION INVITED. TRIALS BY APPOINTMENT. SOLE DISTRICT AGENT: • 401r14../EIMIAANLIVrIiaO9 51, 53 ac 55, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. Sole Agent also for the Invincible " TALBOT " which recently attained a speed of 113 miles per hour, beating all records for Cars of similar horse power by 26 miles per hour.

.Li . IST RICT /1 E

i ,

• • . e .0 I C .4).;

ODDFELLOWSHIP. -- ODDFELLOWS' GRAND MASTER. MANCHESTER UNITY FRIENDLY SOCIETY [WARRING TON DISTRICT).

' -.'..,.-„,.;:„:.,..,,,....'.:::•..-.'.'...,•:••-,--,,-, ~...... , , . . :-. „„;-!•j....---- ~, ~ ~,.,.,:.;:::: , . .. .., . .. ~..',. ' ' "...:''''. .' • ' ..,..,,,,„,,,...,...:,,I. -, , ~ ~....... ....P. . ...,..,...,;,,,,,, , .. ' ..1;::,.:.1••••,..,3: ' ¶f . .:..s.:::::.‘" '.' ' •::::..!:.,f:?:: 2,' ' •. ~,,.. ....,,,..,.. , , ' ‘, ~g-,:',::.,•,-.-:- ' -•- ' ' . ..........:',...,.....:....'''.:'..',......:•• ..'''''. 1,::,,5,.., '.,...- ...., ,•,;.• ?,......!....,:i...,:i!-,_ ' . , ....... .„. . .. ~ „..: ..„., ..... . . -, ~ . :,p..... ...,.,5,... „.... . . . , . • , ' . .' 7 .s•-••-...,..,..;' ~. photo B wen. 0 ~..4,,—.:..,..

4;?:.m.• , , .." -41,„ , . , , ~,-_,.. .o-.. -. FURNISHING .. ~ ... .4.,..,.. ~„. .. ~„ . .„, . ' IV '''''' '' ' ' a;'' ":'•' it •`7 if4t 0 COMPANY, itt.1,,,,,,, .; , .0:..- ~,:,;... ...., ~,..,. •••,1-v * P1.1.4te _ „„c,,,. •••• e- • .-c•-.- Pe;!troke Place, LiVERPOOL LARGEST and M 4 ST RELIALE ouse , t. :. Furnishers, .T.,,. NlawairalL cAsr`i .:. ~ .d.N: *11,i,, mu oftwar ,-,f,....0.---- -- ---.-- ' -----• •-..fiL . irfir; nii •_,, r 7 lIIC4- ---,--tlll .7 111141610NN10, , 1 4p- * ' 'II-"-r , OR , . , .;--,ll' ~, r 1...,: Istvarimr- e. ',O _mmiumea. . E.A..,, _... , ~...........„,, ,A.9lll.llla.ilikto seofilip , • i ~ • it , ..-••••,,,, a _e__.. '. ' 4 ... t: pAy . : " ,it • • Useful Dining Room Suite, Polished Walnut Colour, comprising Couch, pair of Easy and 18 7 6 4 small Chairs, in Loather Cloth - Railway Fare a; 201,17CC1 In Fancy Valvets or Saddlebags £9 17 6 on purchases of £2O. 2t.9ITES in Stock £6 to £35. .:-.- . .44.,„,-4..... • r .., I,r v. -,,,i t• • . 0 ,1 , .1"..0.4 I,4'i • 1 '' . • ° 1 11:161OGIRP `4 '' ' %I r 0 1 gaalliatir t A .A 0 " ,r_ ,-...i • 4...... m., ,e . ...i., ...., -.• ~ ,;" 1.3 "gy ..,-.--.... 4 :.73.41,1 '6' • ' ' r . i 47 llt , ~1,11- . ( ••••-"...., ~. Bedroom Suite, comprising 3ft. Cin. Wardrobe, 3ft -id, marblo top and til, lY' 11 1 " S Ti in stock w-,3 76 • t-44,4\17,11rt,71Wrir V*6*•:,' ''' .---_fil,=. wri4;oll7tfalwor,ll. " - ' -14' .. i.t.w•th0r,m611,,F..,, if t: . - ', tfr- ; ... • 4, • ..'.,' o‘.-r.r, v . , i , L,s . ‘, , •:' 4. I".‘. ''l` II • '''‘. '' " e pi ( , --.• ... i. ~---, ~,,,,, ~ r., . it g• q'sliVIALV..,•- ifflowiw , av 1 t • ii. v • . .• • ,us High Crac:e D' Inv --

WRITE, FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. fat); 9410 FUENISHING GRANT, *-t4 r r, fir Proprietor. -71 COMPANY. PEMBROKE ACE, LIVERPOOL. BUSINESS HOURS: 9 to 8 DAILY BELFAST-38 & 40 MICH STREET.
