===== 0002601_19160923_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
. ..,,. ~, ' ' ki''' ' ' ,:, 4011/414, ~. \14414,..,_. .

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. • SCHOOLS FOR, WOMEN. To 'meet the requirements of those wishing to pin instruction in Dressmaking, Cookery and Millinery, Classes will be re-opened at ' . EVELYN-STREET SCHOOL, BOLTON SCHOOL. tk-, BEAMONT SCHOOL, ON TUESDAY, ' 26TH SEPTEMBER. Only students 21 years of age and over will be ,adnlitted to these schools. . SICK NURSING. Tshig Class, Well meets at the Technical .15t1tut4 on WEDNESDAY EVENINGS, pre- Li4refi candidates for the British Red ,Cross s Certificates, and also for an Examina- zti n recognised .'by the Army council. BYllabuses and further partiCulars may be obtained from

j. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc., •Secretary and Director. Edncation Office. Warrington, . September, 191.6.

.1-'1.588 10 4

Equipei#

Tenders.

EXPENDITURE

.2 s. d . 154 11 1

Provisions. House Stores Medical Stores and Appliances Laundry . . 72 9 11 Fuel and Light Rates and Taxes. 0 1 0 Stationery, Books and Stamps (in- cluding' pastages on Patients' letters) Clothing .. Telephone Trunk, &e., Calls Salaries and Wages Repairs Miscellaneous Balance in hand

£3,588 10 • 4

T. BROOKES HANDLEY, Hon. Treasurer. I have examined the above Account of Receipts and Expenditure and certify same to be correct 12th July, 1916.. LOUIS A. VOISEY, Chartered Accountant.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIPTS

. , ot s. d. Donations and Subscriptions - 389 15 0 Entertainments, Sales of Work, &c 192 12 11 Monthly Pound Days Payment from Working Men's Com- mittee .

Miscellaneous Allowance received from War Office

6 3 0

for Patients

724 14 0

===== 0002601_19160923_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ART IN D • ESS

Education.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Money.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE YOU WILLING 'lO PAY 4s. in the ~t INTEREST for Money for Twelve Months? I LEND MONEY ON THESE TERMS. A £5O Loan will cost you £lO for 12 months; a £lOO Loan will cost you £2O for 12 months—other amounts in proportion. I do not advertise ridicu- lous terms, such as is. in the X, which usually means for a period of one month. My terms are in plain English-4s. in the X interest for 32 months. I GUARANTEE YOU ABSOLUTE PRIVACY. and Loans are arranged WITHOUT SECURITY OR SURETIES. All applications receive my personal attenticn, and loans can be granted on the same day as applied for. If desired business will be completed through the not. I am the Actual Lander TRADING IN MY OWN NAME (not assumed or styled as a Bank or Company): you have, therefore, no commissions or fees to pay. A. D. DENNY, 6 and 7, PALL MALL, MANCHESTER. 'Phone 6819 City. Telegrams: "Moderate. Manchester."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
,3 . „.

). ti 1 ~,,,,, ill ~T: ;:i• ..:. 4, ~ ...?! 0 1 iqa

~ , :;. . 4. ,` -..1.c.k: 1 *.( 1/ ?f,4' N 1 !, ) 1 t 1 i Off'4l 4 .4P 1 4 It.-11 tiir,''', illi t'l 4„ . ,' ff ir-li I.' I: l'•;" , 4 , I' • 7*,` i'• -

===== 0002601_19160923_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19160923_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
V

I

ittat

1.if,:,.,ii.`.1' e i - -,„ 5,:::,,, :., ~ ~ ..

I 1,,:',, -'‘l:ti, t ti.'l,':i.ll]

• " t • .ftlp j•

rr-IV i'r

-.1. I; ~, :....,w. i..,1 • J, 't .. t . ... i-,,' ',.. •q, 1 . s"

,

itr,„

, . ti; _ . ;. ' f :: ''' l': i-..,,,1..t. . ..c... I:,,:i'-'l.l : : tr.: 1 ~,,:: i‘ _. t y, !'-,../,.., , i :‘....„', r.,:-,., i -. 1,%•••• • -1,',--,,, .. ~..IP-i:,..„.:1,..1,...'' .., ~.:;',V7;:.-..':.' 1,,, -,-,..., ,i -,..-. •., -,p.,i..-., 4 , I -iti -,

• .

' t P.lt.

;

,`,(C

i 'lsl'll Ifi'.';tel'i I lit

1 ..1, :i ' - ,c

,

,t,„ '-, i,.--,; ,:,'f, ;',...1 , ~,,,,,,

, f 1

111.1. i --,; ..i-, ~..,,, .: ill 1- ! i

/' 1 11 ,1

:4 ,

===== 0002601_19160923_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

A Costly Trick. What a lot of people yield to the temptation to attempt to defraud a railway company! Really, to take the lowest ground, the game is not worth the candle. A while ago a chance acquaintance gleefully explained to me a scheme which he had devised for saving a few coppers in this way, "without the slightesf risk of detection," and on the very next Saturday he was caught in the act, and, besides suffering the humiliation of exposure, had £3 to pay in fine and costs.

Another Dodge. Once I saw a very well-known resident in an East Lancashire town enter a first-class com- partment with a person of the Opposite sex at Bradford. -I was travelling by the same train, and noticed that after riding some 20 miles they took advantage of a stop to alight and saunter about the platform. They completed their journey in a third-class carriage, and I after- wards ascertained from ,a collector that they simply held third-class returns from that point. A few weeks later, this gentleman over- took me in the street, and, clapping me on the shoulder, gave me a boisterous greeting. He proceeded to indulge in a little chaff, but when I asked him if he had been to Bradford lately, he gravely declared that it was a place he very seldom visited. I then told him that not long before I had seen a prominent citizen enter a first-class carriage at Bradford with a lady whom I did not know, and that the pair changed to the inferior class at a station far down the line for which they had merely return tickets for their destination. Remarking that it was a cloudy evening, the fellow hurriedly left me, and he always avoided me after that.

" Excluded and Isolated." I have read with interest the recent state- ments respecting "the position of Cairo-street Chapel and its minister." It is an Old contro- versy. In one town in which I lived some years, the committee. of the Sunday School Union decided by a fair majority to admit the Unitarians, whereupon the Wesleyan repre- sentatives withdrew, subsequently forming- a circuit union of their own. On the constitution of a Free Church Council in that district, the Unitarians made a grievance of the fact that they were not invited to join, whereupon the promoters of the movement pointed out that they were affiliated with the National " Evangelical " Free Church Council, and had therefore no power to include Unitarians. The Unitarian Position.

Our Unitarian friends always expect and pre- pare for this sort of thing. I ?ecall a confer- ence of the Yorkshire Union of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches at Huddersfield some years ago. A minister from Southport spoke on " The good and evil of denominations." His main argument was that the so-called schisms were needed, and had strengthened the spiritual life of the nation. Toward the conclusion he said he could see very few signs that the Free Churches would welcome the Unitarian and Free Christian Churches into their fold. The Unitarian Churches, he added, were the Protestants amongst the Protestants, and in all probability would still have to carve out their own path.

More About Wasps. Last week's item headed "Drunkenness among wasps" constrains me to set down a few simple observations of my own which have led me to conclude that the wasp is a lazy, cowardly bully. Wasps would be quite service- able if it were possible to keep them to their own proper vocation, but as soon as there are signs of an easy, comfortable living without exertion, they become hopelessly demoralised. Does the housewife set on fruit to boil, they scent their "favourite tipple from afar, and become a nuisance in a neighbourhood where perhaps none of their kind have previously been seen during the season—unless, indeed, it were in the confectionery and sweatshop windows. This I have repeatedly demonstrated: however valiant, to all appearance, and vicious in the use of its sting, 'the wasp is, feally a "pusillanimous critter." If you can give one ever such a slight tap with any light article you may, happen to haveliandy, it - will, im- mediately grovel at your feet. I wonder if wasps have a weakness for scent among other luxuries—say, with a preference for lavender. This latter was used by a lady member of a party I fell in with on Saturday afternoon. The wasps were rather numerous, yet they troubled none but the lavender-scented one—not even when we attacked them with our walking sticks. The. lavender had a strange fascination for them, and they fell an easy prey to the lady's defenders. The Lady Motorist.

As to that bit of " Gossip " respecting the lady taxi-cab driver, a doctor with a consider- able practice told me the other day that, th war having deprived him of his male chauffeur, he had had one of his housemaids trained to drive, and she had turned out "a gem." She cleaned and prepared the car herself and handled it to perfection, and in the early morn- ing and at thE, close of the day would expend her superfluous energy in the garden with the aid of the lawnmower or in householl duties demanding vigorous exercise. In a word, she was "keen as mustard" on work. At this rate, mere man will have to look to his laurels. Ah, but is he not adding to them by strenuous exertions in a more dangerous sphere? Blinded Heroes.

Again what of the blinded sailors and soldiers in whose interests last night's concert was held in the Parr Hall? , Helen Keller's argument that mach of the prevalent blindness is un- necessary and avoidable hardly applies here. Among other things, these dear fellows will have to learn to read all over again. Would that all the blind had the advantages of a common print, for, strange as it may seem, it is not so at present. Some time ago I read in an article in "World's Work" that there is one insti- tution in the United States using embossed characters (line-letter), in spite of the fact that most of the blind prefer a point system; another, American braille (raised dots); another, New York Point—a kind of braille, in which a new periodical, the " Matilda Ziegler Magazine l'or the Blind," "the boon ifor which we have waited for many years," Pis printed. To print this periodical at all is expensive; it is much more expensive now that it has to be done in so many different types. "A plague 'upon all these prints!" exclaimed the writer. "Let us have one system, whether it is an ideal one or not. For my part, I wish nothing had been in- vented except European braille." " Cruel Rumour,"

The bit of good news under this heading re- minded me of an incident occurring on the eve of the summer holidays. A hardworking man and his wife were at the point of departure for a few days' rest and change down by the sea, when a fussy neighbour rushed up on the plat- form and knked if they had not heard that their soldier-son was reported, missing. They had good reason to doubt the evil tidings; still, while deciding not to allow the rumour to inter- fere with their programme—a resolute step which was fully justified, as the sequel proved —they were naturally somewhat perturbed until fully assured that it was baseless. Most of us fail to understand, and certainly do not, envy, the state .of mind of those who are capable of deriving amusement from this kind of "joke."

Spelling. Last week's little story of the smart child who complained that her spelling book was "all wrong," reminded me once more of the notice " Ile soled hear," to be seen not so long ago in the window of a small Warrington -shop—sug- gesting that the old spelling bee, which was a popular form of entertainment SO to 40 years ago, might not unprofitably be 'rived. -

The Only Way. Teresa: "The man I marry must be bold and fearless." Viola: "Yes, dear; he must."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
lib

CONTENDING ATOM.

Alderman Bennett On The Mobilisation Of Intellect.

ADDRESS TO BRITISH ASSOCIATION.

Alderman Arthur Bennett read a paper on "The Federation of Cognate Societies" at the recent Conference of the Corresponding locieties of the British Association at New- castle-on-Tyne.

Federation, he explained, he had defined as "union for common purposes, liberty in mat- ters of separate concern," which, in the enthusiasm of youth, he had trielcl to prove was an 'idea that, properly interpreted, would not only solve the Irish question and pave the way to a really united Empire, but would lead by stages to Tennyson's sublime ideal, "the Parliament of man, the federation of the world." We had seen the principle applied with great success in Australia and ,South Africa, and found men of every party feeling towards the simple truth that federation is the only way to solve the riddle of these islands consistently with the satisfaction of the claims of various parts of them to what is popularly called Home Rule. The Nonconformist bodies of the country have been drawn closer together through the medium of a Free Church Council and are rapidly advancing towards still closer union on the same elastic lines. Capital and Labour are largely organising on these lines, and the idea had spread, almost unconsciously, to almost ever, field of human activity. A Warrington Federation.

In 1905 he advocated liefore the Warrington Literary and Philosophical Society and pleaded for a federation of the local societies interested in intellectual pursuits, with head- quarters at the Old Academy. He admitted the difficulties of merging these societies, but they could federate by having a general Coun- cil to regulate procedure, avoid overlapping and clashing of dates, secure an interchange of lectures and arrange occasional joint meet- ings. In May, 1914, his scheme was disinterred and at a meeting of the principal societies in the town the proposal was approved and a committee appointed to prepare a definite Scheme. That scheme was submitted in June, 1914, to the delegates of thirteen societies, representing practically every haven of local intellectual activity, and it was decided that the Federation be formed upon lines which were ordered to be submitted to the societies, with a request to them to send delegates to a meeting of the Federation. And "after that the Deluge." This frightful war broke upon us like a storm of Hell before the project had matured, and, like many other, hopeful and progressive movements, it is still in abeyance. '

Why Not Nationally?

If thie. idea could be applied locally, why not nationally? His object was the gradual mobilisation of all the intellectual forces of the country, and surely the need was never more acute than nosy. We are, or have been, one of the worst organised countries in the world; those who clamoured for reform had been as voices crying in the wilderness; the lesson had to be written in lightning before our slumbrous realm would learn. Instead of developing into an ordered commonwealth we had degenerated into a fortuitous concourse of contending atoms. Our .politics had become a mere scramble for the loaves and fishes.; our 'Churches wrangled over things irrelevant and overlapped and competed at every turn; our industries were animated mainly by the greed of gain and those of them that needed extra brains, newer methods and better scientific skill were quietly appropriated by more enter- prising lands. Instead of combining to make the most of their common country, the classes and the masses stood aloof and glared at each other and ever and anon growled like, two packs of hungry wolves. Although we; were spending more on education than ever before nobody- was really educated. Our Empire, with all its greatness, latent loyalty, untold possibilities in men and material, was such a ramshackle arrangement that one cannot won- der at the Germans for thinking that when the grim hour struck it would' incontinently fall to pieces. As for the world, the beet it could do after an infancy of unimaginable years was to use its ever-growing powers for purposes of sheer destruction, "plot mutual slaughter" and "reel back into the beast"

===== 0002601_19160923_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A Vision of Better Things.

But amid the chaos there had been the vision of "men with growing wings." This welter of blood and sorrow has revealed such heights of human nobleness as we had never dreamed of; such possibilities of properly co- ordinated effort, turned to less ignoble uses, as the bravest hitherto had scarcely ventured to conceive.

The different societies in Warrington at pre- sent meet in different places—ranging from "pubs." to clubs and from Masonic Halls to Church Parlours. A federation might secure or even build in every town appropriate pre- mises, fitted with the requisite appliances and supplied with smaller rooms, which was quite beyond the power of separate societies. District federations would be a natural corollary to town federations, and these in turn would be linked up with the central Qrganisation, national, imperial or cosmopolitan, as the case might be. If England organised and really rose to the height of her opportunities there was not any nation in the world apable of greater things. On the motion of the Alderman the following resolution was unanimously carried : "That the committee of the conference of delegates be requested, to recommend the various constituent societies to consider the desirability of forming local and national federations of societies with kindred .aims."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE.

"Is there anything further about the two. Penketh conscientious objectors and the pay- ment of poor relief?" asked the Rev. A. M. Mitchell at the Board of Guardians on Wed- nesday. The Clerk (Mr. A. Bottomley) : I have car- ried out the Board's instructions and had inquiries made. The Rey. A. M. Mitchell: Has it been found necessary to grant/ relief to any of them? The Clerk: No. Both women have definitely stated that they will not have poor relief or relief from the Government unless their hus- bands are working and earning it. The Rev. A. M. Mitchell : That is very nice and noble of them. It is quite evident that the Tribunals have not treated conscientious objectors as they should have been, and am quite sure the Guardians would do all they I could for their wives and families.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
'NOBLE AND STRAIGHTFORWARD.'

Butcher Congratulated By Board Of Guardians.

some time ago Mr. H. Singleton, butcher;was granted by the Board of Guardians an increase of 3d. per lb. over contract price owing to the. enhanced cost of meat. On Wednesday', atl a meeting of the Guardians, Mr. A. Bottomley (the clerk) reported that Mr. Singleton intended lowering the price by a penny per lb. as meat had become slightlk cheaper. "Good !" exclaimed several of the members. Mr. W. C. Brooks: It is very nice for mem- bers to say "Good J"—and it is good—but, a. ther; is not a contractor in the whole universe who has done a similar thing, I think we ought to send a letter of our appreciation of his noble and straightforward conduct,-

Mr. W.J. Shaw: I quite agree. The Rev. A(M. Mitchell: Do you think that is a wise thing to do? Mr. Shaw: It is wise to accept the penny.

The Chairman: Mr. Mitchell only objects on a point of principle. But it is rather unique that a contractor should do this. The reverend gentleman agreed that the contractor might be told that the matter had been reported to the Board. Mr. T. Dale: I think we might appreciate what he has done, but not applaud it. It was decided that a letter of appieciation and thanks should be sent.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1916.

CLEVER STUDENTS

Heartily Congratulated By The

Education Committee.

The Education Committee, on Monday, de- voted a considerable time to congratulatirig Mr. Leslie John Witts and Miss Kathleen Brown on winning the Warrington Scholarship, which entitles them to a three years' course at Man- chester University. Two other competitors, Miss Ethel White Johnson and Miss Bessie Lee "(candidates for the teaching profession) were awarded £25 each for four years, conditionally upon their taking a Degree course. The enconiums of •the committee regarding these two ladies were phrased, with equal heartiness and sincerity. Mr. John Upson made an explanation re- garding the proposed grant to Misses Johnson and Lee. He said the committee did not always get a supply of students who were competent to pass the examination, and to qualify -for the scholarship. Last year they did not award the scholarship at all, because there were no suit- able candidates. This year quite a number sat, and three girls passed the examination,.receiv- ing high approval from the authorities. While the committee had only one scholarship at their disposal, they did not think the other two girls should lose the opportunity of a university training. In view of the fact that they did not award the scholarship last year, they thought they would be acting well within their authority by making the proposed grants. Had the first girl, who did remarkably well, not been competing, either of the _other two would have gained the scholarship, and the School Management Committee thought they were well justified in suggesting the course they had done. Alderman Bennett particularly welcomed the suggestion of the sub-committee. No work which the Education Committee could do was of more value than that of affording' an oppor- tunity to really qualified boys and girls to take advantage of those higher educational facilities which in the ordinary course might not be available. He complimented the four students and, knowing Witts, he declared his belief that he would go far in the educational world, and it was a pleasure to be able to give him a help- ing hand. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Joseph asked whether the two girls who had come so near success were disqualified from sitting a second time for the scholarship? Mr. Upton replied that they were. He said that with some reluctance, because it -was opposed to his personal view of the matter, but he must be loyal td the committee. The majority thought that as the girls had already had one try and had also accepted a student teachership which carried a monetary payment of £2O, they would be in too favourable a position to compete against girls whop were a year younger. _ _ _

- Mr: A. J. Jolley: I think Ethel Johnson can sit again, but the other girl cannot. Mr. Upson said he was under the impression that, as both. were candidates for the teaching profession, they would be debarred. Mr. Jolley: One is a student teacher and the other is not. If they were both student teachers they would both be disqualified. The Chairman (Councillor H. Roberts) first offered the congratulations of the com- mittee to Mr. William E. Mason, the first winner of a Warrington scholarship, on his con- tinued progress, and added that if ever a 'scholarship had been justified by results it had been in that case. The places of Leslie J. Witts and Kath- leen Brown, the two new scholarship holders, were simply excellent in the examination, as also were those of Ethel W. Johnson and Bessie' Lee. If the committee had only worded their scheme a little differently so that they' could have picked up in any year the scholarships which they did not award when they had not candidates of sufficient excellence, all these four might possibly have held scholarships. He also congratulated Mr. Thomas Malkin, a student at the Technical Institute, who had secured top. place in the examination in chemistry of the Lancashire and Cheshire ,Union of Institutes. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19160923_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, A BENEFACTOR. How Secondary Education Could Make Progress.

The Secondary School was awarded favour- able mention by the Education Committee on Monday evening, and, in order that, its benefits to the community might be-extended, Mr. John Upson, realising the impossibility at the pre- sent time of utilising ratepayers' money, sug- gested that some local lady or gentleman might yield up £50,000 for the purpose. It was during the discussion on the annual report of the headmaster ,Of the school (Mr. Broome) that the idea was mooted, *Mr. C. H. Unsworth having asked what it contained, and Mr. Upson replied that it was of a very favour- able character. It was the first report Mr. Broome had presented since his appointment, and the Governors were extremely giatified at the uniform stream of successes, both by past and present students—some of them of a very high order. The committee felt they had done the right thing in appointing Mr. Broome to that very important position. His enthusiasm and his professional skill had so acted upon the students who had come under his charge that they had participated in his enthusiasm, .and had worked strAnuously and with very brilliant results in many directions. The report of 'the head master of the School of Art (which was also submitted to the committee) was not of so satisfactory a nature owing to the falling off in the number of students. That school was under " the very serious consideration of the School ,Management Committee. They were a little perplexed and puzzled as to how things would turn out, but in that case, as in so many others, they 'could" only "wait and see." The School Management Committee, he added, had instructed their Director (Mr. J. Moore Murray) to consult with the architect of the Secondary School as to the possibility of,carry- ing out—in conformity with the present' archi- tectural features—certain alterations in order to provide a head master's room, of which there was a great need, as, at present, what was described as the head master's room was used as a common office and store room. It was desirable that Mr. Broome should have a room in which to interview parents, Inspectors and Governors. The only doubt in the minds of the committee was as to whether the suggested new room at the top of the staircase could- be erected without spoiling the appearance of the building, and on that account they decided to approach the architect. The whole of our secondary education was cramped and hindered by lack of accommodation. It was useless talking, but he wanted the public to know that at the very earliest moment they must, if the Education Committee were to fulfil their duty adequately, find additional accommodation for secondary students. Again the terrible want pf pence tied them up. Wbuld that some' local benefactor would spend £50,000 in the erection of another secondary school or in dupli- cating the present school. He believed the original plans provided for the duplication of the school when the opportunity came—and it had arrived much more quickly than the erectors of the school anticipated. They could , do- nothing while the war continued. But in I the meantime the young people who were I going to be the winners of the war after the I war—the conimercial,and industrial war—were intellectually and professionally., perishing for lack of opportunity to train their mental and moral faculties and powers.

Alderman Bennett expressed his pleasure that the proposed alterations were to conform with the present architectural features. One had had many bitter experiences of attempted en- largements when the previous archi*tural features had been utterly, ignored for the sake of what might seem to be practical utility.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BUTTER OR MARGARINE?

Mr. W. J. Shaw's "Uneasiness" About Workhouse Inmates.

Mr. W. J. Shaw asked at the Board of Guar- dians' meeting on Wednesday what difference there would be if butter were substituted for margarine, as he was told that - margarine should not be used_in that institution.

The Chairman (Mr. A. 3. jOile;)TTl.ie Board has settled that point.

Mr. Shaw: Yes, up to now; but I wish to draw the attention of the Board to the fact that there if an uneasiness outside that butter should be used.

II So saying, he resumed his seat and the "next libusiness" was begun.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT IDEAL.

Faults In Our Educational System.

EFFORTS FOR IMPROVE- MENT.

An important discussion upon the future of eduCation in the borough took place at the monthly meeting of the Education Committee on Monday evening, oOuncillor Henry Roberts presiding. Apart from an allegation, and, perhaps, admission, that our present methods of education are inefficient or inadequate, the regrettableinews that commercial subjects are not to be taught at the Secondary School yet awhile was made known. The discussion , was initiated by Mr. John Upson, who, in moving the minutes of the 'School Management Committee, said that that committee considered the development of the 'commercial side of the Secondary School prior to the war, and a very practical scheme Was evolved by the Director, and approved by the sub-committee. If the war had not inter- vened, the sclieme would no doubt have been in operatio4 now. In the circumstances, ,how- ever, they could not proceed. But without carrying out the full scheme, it was thought that something could be done in the traijning of some of their young people in the Secondary School, who desired to enter upon a commer- cial career. They advertised for a teacher of the necessary subjects, but, unfortunately, they had not been able to secure a suitable man. They had only two applications and they thought it would be better to defer the appointment until there were a greater num- ber of men qualified to take up the work and do it effectively. The question of the commer- cial side of the work of the Secondary School was ever present in the minds of the members of the School Management Committee. They were very anxious to meet the( needs of the community by turning out students who were adequately trained in commercial subjects, but who, in addition, had a good general educa- tion.- That was an ideal which he hoped they would realise in the near future.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Low Level of Intelligence—

Expressing the opinion that it was disap- pointing, especially at the present juncture, that they should have to defer a branch of education which was so enormously important. and of which they had somewhat lost sight in the past, Alderman Bennett admitted with regret that they could not at present overcome the practical difficulties; .but he hoped the matter would be kept continually before the School Management Committee,- and that they would not be satisfied until they were able to give that commercial education whtch was so vitally necessary in view of the expected developments of our country. He was, how- ever, glad to express his satisfaction that the Rev. Canon Morley Steienson, Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, the Rev. T. A. Hind, Mr. A. J. Jolley and Mr. John Upson had been appointed a sub-committee for the purpose of considering and eventually reporting to the School Man- agement Committee upon communications from the Association of Education Committees and the''Newport Education Committee with reference to present conditions and important aspects of national education. He said the feeling was very much in the air that, in spite of all the money we had spent on education, we had not yet arrived at the ideal system. From daily experience they found that people who had been through the elementary schools, and in some cases through the secondary schools were absolutely ignor- ant of some of the. things of life which really mattered. They had a smattering of certain definite subjects in- cluded in the curriculum, but once they got outside those they seemed to be wholly lost. The general level of intelligence of children who had passed through the schools of War- rington and elsewhere was remarkably low. He did not want to blame the schools. The fault was perhaps to a large extent rh the pupils themselves, but he could give them staggering illustrations of what he meant. Perhaps the curriculum itself was somewhat to blame. He knew cases of lads and girls, who had had what was regarded as an inferior education, but who, in the general things of life which really mattered, seemed to be more intelligent than those who had gone through a full course of instruction. He did not think the fault was in the teachers, who were very loyal and enthusiastic, -but he hoped that by deliberations on the lines propOsed the com- mittee would arrive at some method by which they could bring out the best in every lad and girl in the country. Endorsing the remarks of Alderman Ben- nett as to the national importance of educa- tion, Councillor Joseph said he hoped :he proposal mentioned would lead to similarly able men in other parts of ,the country taking up the subject and comparing notes so as to arrive -at the best possible solution of such a vital question. —But Sound at Heart.

The Chairman, was rather optimistic, for while he joined with Alderman Bennett in appreciating that there were serious defects, he could not help pointing out that in this time of national and imperial crisis, when the vast mass of the people of the country, whe- ther on the field of battle or in the munition works, were upholding the highest and 'best traditions of our race, there could not be any- thing very seriously add radically wrong with a system of elementary education, poor as it was, which had given us a generation of men and women of the character and quality of whom .we were 'so proud to-day. (Hear, hear.) If, with the imperfect methods which the war had disclosed to be perhaps more in existence than anticipated, men and women had clone so much, what might be• expected when, with a better and higher type of education, they were called upon to bear the responsibilities of Empire? He, was full of confidence and did not think the Sun of the Empire was at all beginning to set, but that in years to come it would shine with greater effulgence than ever. (Applause.) • In his reply Mr. Upson said it was admitted that the ideal had not been reached, but one could parallel the - cases of gross ignorance alluded to by Alderman Bennett with examples on the, other side. , Not long ago he read a letter written by a lad at the _Front just prior to his death . in. action. The lad came out of one of the poorest houses in the bor- ough and left scliool when only, 13 years old In the whole of the, eight pagea he wrote there was no mistake in grammar, spelling, or punctuation. The letter would not have dis- graced the pages of ".The Spectator." Mr Upson went on to argue that those who were carrying on the practical work of education were crippled_and hampered in every conceiv-i able way by the .eternal lack of pence. All the teachers in the service of the committee, he said, had one Object in view—to turn out better citizens' than those who had already left the schools. At the same time, the war had very largely- proved the value of the education which boys and' girls received in elementary schools. (Applause.)

The Difficulty.-- Madge : "The skirt should come to the shoe- tops." Marjorie: "I quite agree with you, my (dear. But I can't get a pair high 'enough !"

Doesn't Apply. Sonny: "_Rave you ever noticed, dad, how often mother uses the expression:' and so on- ad so so on?'" •

Daddy: "Yes, son.; but I am sorry to •say that it does not apply to my trousers' buttons."

Not Conscientious ObjectorA_ Two boys went to Blanchlaud district for a holiday recently. Needing grub .for fishing, or else for mere mischief, they commenced to rob a wasp's nest', Soon they were kept very busy with the enemy, who charged them right and left. The lads withdrew for a short time for consultation. " Aa'll tell ye," Jack said to his mate, "Task aboot fightin' for yor hame, thor's not a conshehenshus Objector ania,ng them !"

===== 0002601_19160923_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Named After --:—.

Everything had gone off splendidly 'at the christening, and the small infant had been given the name of " Reginald Aother.'.' thetarty had retired to the vestry, and the, clergyman was making out the certificate. When writing down the second name he said: - _ .

"Strange," he thought, "to find this name given to the son of a navvy." Aloud he said to the father, "Your favourite poet, I sup Pose?" "Poet nsaid the man. "Poet, sir? Lor, no, sir; 1 keeps pidgins."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE COURTS.

NO LICENCE.

Fined For Illegally Trading As

Pawnbrokers.

While the maximum penalty for acting as a pawnbroker without a licence is £5O, George Wilcock and his wife, Mary A. Wilcock, con- victed of this offenge at Tuesday's Borough Police Cdurt, were fined only £7 10s. each. The prosecution was brought in the name of George H. Reynolds, excise officer, and Mr. Edwin R. Booth, solicitor, London, appeared for the Customs authorities.

Mr. Wilcock said he ha'd nothing at all to do with the business, and his wife made a special defence.

Mr. Booth said the prosecution/was brought under the Act of 1872; and Section 6 under which the defendants were alleged to come, de- fined the business of a pawnbroker as one who keeps a shop for the taking in of goods or chattels as security for money given in advance thereon not exceeding £lO. Section 37 provided for the payment of a pawnbroker's licence of £7 10s., and the penalty for failing to do so was £5O. He said he would produce as evidence a little girl aged 16 years and a boy aged 11 years, who redeemed a pair of boots on the 11th July for is. 9d. which had been pledged the preceding day for, is. 6d. The police officer who went to defendant's premises would tell the Court that he found the shop full of bundles of goods of all shapes and sizes—two or ;three hundred bundles—and a variety of articles, fiat irons, workmen's cans and baskets, Sm. The female defendant told the officer that she bought goods from customers and sold them baok to them.

A little girl gave evidence as to the transac- tion mentioned. She had been going there for about four years for the same purpose. The little boy said he had taken in bundles for Mrs. Wilcock to lend money on. Twopence interest was paid for every shilling.

Methodical Classification.

• Detective-Sergeant Reddington said he visited the premises on the 14th July, in company with Detective-Sergeant Summers. He had a con- versation with the female defendant in the shop and told her she vvas 'carrying on the business of pawnbroker. She said she was not aware of it, but that she kept goods for customers and sold them back to them. Witness told her that N%76.--s solely the business of a pawnbroker. With reference to cards having the name and amount attached to each article, ,she said she put them there so that she would know what she paid for thetn. She was very sorry that she charged in- terest on the goods, but she had to get a living. In the back part of the shop on shelves he found bundles of every description, and articles of clothing were hanging up. Each had a piece of paper pinned on with the name of the person who brought the goods there and the price given for them. There were flat irons, work- men's cans, everything imaginable on the fiber, with pieces of paper attached. It was purely the business of a pawnbroker. He had known her to be carrying on this business for the past eight ' years. , The shop was carried on as a secondhand business.

Detective-Sergeant Summers, who corrobor- ated, said that there were pieces of paper with the names and prices in the pockets of coats hanging up. Everything was arranged in the most methodical order and all the goods were classified.

Mrs., Wilcock said that these things at the back of the premises were laid by for the people who sold them. She 'sold these children things which she had bought from them. The Chairman (Councillor Henry Roberts) asked defendant if she had bought the things outright what need was there for putting the names,of the people on them: Defendant said she got a paper from the police every morning with -a list of things that had been stolen, and in case' she bought stolen articles she could identify the persons she got them from.

A Previous Charge.

Superintendent Williamson said that in Afay, 1914, accused were • before the Court on a similai charge. On that occasion they were ordered to pay costs and a very strong caution was administered. They then gave an under- taking to desist from the practice. • The Chairman said the defendants had been committing a fraud on the revenue for some considerable time. Each of them must be fined £7 10s., being the amount of the licence they should have paid, or, in default, two months' imprisonment. If they intended to carry on this business they would have to take out the pawnbroker's licence,

===== 0002601_19160923_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
DEFENCE OF THE REALM.

Military Service_ Act And Registration

Order Cases.

Several cases under the Military Service Act and Registration Order were heard at the Borough Police Court on Monday. Patrick Cullen, no settled abode, was charged with +failing to report himself to the authorities under the Military Service Act, and, further, with failing to register. Defendant pleaded guilty. Mr. Nicholls, chief constable, said defendant is about 36 years of age. Men of his class .put the military people to no end of trouble, ,and he submitted that he should not be treated the same as a man who flies to the Colours, lie should be punished as well as handed over to the military.—The magistrates ordered defend- ant to be handed over and fined him 405., to be deducted from his Army pay. , Wm. Anderson, no settled abode, stated that he had been registered while an inmate of Swansea Prison, but did not get a card. He said he was 39 years of age, had been medically examined in Liverpool, and was willing to join the Army. On the other hand the Chief Con- stable said the man had served a term in Usk Prison and had been five days in a Welsh /66gi- ment, from Which he was discharged as unfit. Fined 40s. or a month.

Patrick Cooney, 11, Stanley-street, was charged by Detective-Sergeant Reddington, for failing to register.—The Chief Constable said the plan expressed his willingness to join the Army, probably because he knew he was unfit. (Laughter.) Ile had come -over from Ireland about three months ago and had been in War- rington since the 23rd June.—He was fined 205.; or, in default, 14 days' imprisonment, John Cooke, no fixed residence, who stated he had been registered in Shepherd-street, Pres- ton, was fined 405.; or a month's imprisonment in default: The Chief Constable said the man had evidently signed the usual list kept in lodging-houses, as required by he Registration of Aliens' Act.

A fine of 10s., or, in default, 11 days, was imposed on Peter Banbrick, a nomadic Scots- man, who had failed to register. The Chief Constable raised a laugh by saying defendant was the dirtiest Scotsman he had ever seen, and, judging by his nose, he must have been working last in a distillery. Defendant said he worked in the Dunlop Rubber Company. The Chief Constable: Well, I think they use spirit there. (Laughter.) In addition to a charge of being 'drunk and disorderly, an elderly man named William O'Connor,/no settled abode, was prosecuted for not having a registration card. Defendant said that he was serving in the 'Army when the Registration Acrcame into force, and wb's,only discharged on the 7th April of the present year. The Chief Constable said it was true that de- fendant had been in the Army. It appeared that he had served 306 days and was discharged on the 7th April, 1916, as being no longer fit for military service. His age was entered as 44 years, but he (the Chief Constable) supposed it should ,be. 64.

Defendant said he was 59, but had given his age as 44 when he joined. The Chief Constable: That may be so. Defendant was fined 95., or, in default, seven days' imprisonment on the charge of drunken- ness and disorderly conduct.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE POOR BOX.

Contributions From Motoring

Transgressors.

At Tuesday's Borough Police Court, William 'Boardman,, 158, Market-street, Hindley, was summoned by' Police-Constable Barr for using head-lights On a motor car on the Winwick- road at 10.50 p.m. on Septeml?er 3rd, contrary to the Defence of the Realm Regulations. The head-lights were obscured.—Defendant said that he had had his driver's licence for fifteen

years and never had a mark on it.—Under the I circumstances the Chairman (Councillor Henry Roberts) said the Bench would not Mark a conviction if defendant would put 20s. into the Popr Box.—Defendant willingly agreed to do so. 41 similar concession was made in the case of a youth named Frank Faulkes, 201, Padgate- lane, who was prosecuted by Police-Constable Bennett for using two head-lights on a motor van.—Defendant, who had told the Court that the oil had run out in his side-lamps, looked rather glum when the contribution of 20s. was suggested by the Chairman, but apparently altered his view of the situation when Coun- cillor Roberts asked him if he knew that there was a very heavy penalty and imprisonment for the offence.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ERRING FARMERS.

The Need ;For Lists Of Employes Of Military Age.

At the Warrington County Petty Sessions, held on Wednesday, a number of farmers were summoned for not having posted on their pre- mises, according to the requirements of the Defence of the Realm Act, a list of their male employes of military age. Such notices have to be "constantly posted in a conspicuous place." The decisions of the Bench were :—James Fairclough,- Brookhead . Farm, Burtonwood, fined 2s. 6d.; William Warburton, Dallam Farm, Burtonwood, fined 2s. 6d.; James Hatton, Dallam House Farm, Burtonwood, fined 2s. 6d.; 'Harry Bridge, Farm-in-th'-Field, Burtonwood, fined. 2s. 6d.; Joseph Hurst, Sankey Lodge Farm, fined 2s. 651.; Mrs. Mary E. Kilshaw, Ivy House• Farm, Sankey, case dismissed; John Millington, Primrose Valley Farm, Cuerdley, fined 2s. 6d.; and John Henry Crossby, Cuerdley Hall Farm, Cuerdley, fined ss. The Chairman (Councillor H. Roberts), who was accompanied on the Bench by Mr. W. Furness and Mr. W. Fairclough, said that as those were the first cases of that character that had come before the notice of the Bench they were inclined to treat them somewhat leniently. They would• deal more severely in future cases.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTRATION OF ALIENS.

Boarding-House Keeper's Responsi-

bilities-.

A charge against a boarding-house keeper named Sarah Wall, 27, Lovely-lane, for failing to register the name of an Italian who lodged at 'her house from the 4th to Bth August, was heard by the magistrates at Thursday's Borough Police Court.

Detective Anderson said defendant's ex- planation was that the man had been unwell during the period, and that she had not been able to get particulars from him. Sbperintendent Williamson said the police knew of this man coming from Chester to War- rington to carry out some small job at a local works under a sub-contractor, but they were unable to trace where he was living until a special' officer was detailed for the purpose. It was important that people keeping boai ding- houses should recognise their responsibilities. A mitigated fine of ss. was imposed: ,

===== 0002601_19160923_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTS EXPOSED.

At Monday's Borough Police Court the follow- ing fines were imposed on persons who had failed tq obscure lights alter scheduled time in business or private houses: Cecil W. Loy. Bewsey-street, 10s.; Fred Howard, 1, Whalley- street, 55.; Fanny Pearson, re premises, 124, Bridge-street, ss. For failing to subdue lights in their resi- dences the following were fined at Tuesday's Borough Police Court :—Evan Hughes, Cros- field-street, 55.; Edwin Edwards, 1, Fitzherbert- street, 10s.; Harry Dunn, 25, Lockett-street, ss. - The Chairman (Councillor Roberts) said the offence must not be repeated, as it was a very serious one indeed. A NORWEGIAN'S MOVEMENTS.

Frederick Mann Hansen, a Norwegian, of 127, Wilderspool-road, was charged At the Borough Police Court on Thursday by Supt. Williamson with having committed a• breach of the Aliens'. Restriction Order. It appears that he had gone to Blackpool from Warrington on the 19th August, and returned on the 23rd of the same month. He failed to notify his in- tended change of address to the police, and did not inform them of his return.

Superintendent Williamson said the police did not suggest any ulterior motive on the part of the defendant.

A fine of 10s. was imposed.

HAD PRESENTED HIMSELF.

Arthur Herbert Marsh, 39, Winwick-road, was charged at the Borough Police Court on Thurs- day by Acting-Sergeant Hayes with having failed to report himself to the authorities as required by the Military Service Act. The officer stated that he arrested defendant in consequence of a telephone message received from the military at Orford Barracks. Superintendent Williamson said that the de- fendant had actually presented himself for enlistment.

Under 'the circumstances the Court only made an order handing defendant over to the military escort in waiting.

CHARGE AGAINST ARMY CORPORAL.

At the Borough Police Court, yesterday, Corporal Joseph Thomason, a the South Lan- cashire Regiment, was charged by P.C. Clarke (Cheshire Lines Committee) with having been drunk and disorderly at the Central Railway Station the previous night. He was further charged with assaulting Ticket Collector Har- rington and Police-Constable Joynson. Constable Clarke stated that accused, who, with a private, was escorting a prisoner, was creating a disturbance on the south platform. The clerk in the booking office had refused to issue a ticket as the 10.15 train from Liverpool was about to leave the station. Defendant struck Ticket Collector, Harrington across the face and also assaulted P.C. Joynson in a simi- lar manner. He was in a drunken condition and used filthy and abusive language. He was arrested and taken to the Police Station.

• Corroborative evidence was given by P.C. Joynson, Ticket Collector Harrington, and the booking clerk, Mr. Jackson. Defendant indignantly denied that he was

• drunk or that he had used filthy language. It was not true that he had assaulted the persons mentioned.

Chief Constable Nicholls said that on the pre- vious night at 6.30, the prisoner, with another escort, arrived at the Police Station to take over an Army absentee. When they came they were sober and the absentee was handed over at 6.30. They should have taken the prisoner away by the train before seven. When they turned up again at the Police Station after ten their condition was obvious. It was clear that the prisoner was too drunk to be allowed to go into the train.

Defendant renewed his denial of the charges preferred against him and said he allowed the prisoner to go home to get some clothes and to see his wife and children. They all had some dinner in the house and a drink of beer. He had only one other drink afterwards during the evening. So long as he got his prisoner back at a reasonable time it was all right. He was naturally excited at not being allowed to catch the train.

The magistrates fined defendant five shillings.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNITIONS COURT.

Several Workmen Lay Corn- plaints Before Tribunal.

Several interesting cases were heard at the Munitions Court on Monday, Mr. T. J. RidgwaY presiding. Henry Hill, 284, Winwick-road, aged 19, and who had been employed as a wire twister bY a local firm for the past eighteen months, asked for his certificate on the ground that he could better his position elsewhere. It was stated that the certificate had been refused as they were shorthanded. Applicant could earn up to £2 a week on piecework.—The certificate was refused. •

Garfield Furnival (24), 171, Thelwall-lane, Latchford, wireworker, sought for a certificate from a Grappenhall firm of Wire manufacturers on the ground of ill-health. He had been seven years and nine months with the firm and hit wages were 265. a week. He had given the usual notice to leave.—lt transpired that he intended to get a position in another firm, and as the Court thought the conditions would be somewhat the same, as far as applicant's health was concerned, the certificate was fused.

James Bell, 4, King-street, complained that a local coal and iron firm had unreasonablyi withheld his certificate. He applied for same, as he was suffering from Varicose veins and had been attended by the doctor. He wished to obtain more suitable employment. A doc- tor's certificate was 'produced.—A representa- tive of the firm said they would have been quite prepared to release this man if they could have got another man in his place. If they knew of the doctor's certificate they would have given him easier work.—The certificate was granted.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A Rejected Man.

Arthur Charlton, 52, Wash-lane, Latchford, a moulder employed by a local firm, for whom he has been working for eight years, asked the Court to grant him a certificate, his allegatien being that the work was too heavy for him. Mr: Sinclair, secretary to the Moulders Union, who represented applicant, said the man wask•2l years a agn, and when he found the work too heavy be asked for lighter work, but did not get it. They had a doctor's certifi- cate saying that 11% was not fit for the work. The firm's, representative said that applicant had been- on the heaviest work in the shop. for nine weeks and had never complained. • , Applicant: I complained three weeks ago-._

The Representitiv-e: You did not complain. until you were rejected finally for the Army. Mr. Sinclair said the man made a fool of himself keeping on working as he did; but, of course,-he was earning good money and kept on.

The representative submitted that no con ?- plaint had been made about the work until three weeks ago, when the man was rejectea for the Army. Forty-three per eent. of the firm's men had been lost out of the foundrip and they were allowed to retain the medical'''. rejected men. The representative •added that he had never seen the doctor's certificate.

The application was granted. A' Question of Wages.

Alfred Hewitt, Stockoley Farm, Stretton, moulder, employed by the same firm, com- plained that they had unreasonably withheld his certificate. The reason he asked for the certificate was that he had been given a clas9 of work to do from which the standard rate of pay for moulders could not be made.

Mr. Sinclair, who appeared in this case also; said this man cycled six miles each night and morning to and from his work. Owing to thr, description of work given him to do he ha° only drawn 14s. one week and 225. another week. The standard rate for moulders via° £2 25., with 4s. war bonus. The .representative of the firm produced sheets showing that for the twelve weeks end- ing May 13th applicant had drawn average wages of £2 2s. 54. and war bonus, the rate of pay being 10d. per hour, and for the twelve weeks ending August sth the amount WO £2 14s. 4d. The trade official was there t° make up and price the work and the firm were atwayS willing to assist. the men in every vial they possibly could. All the applicant had to do was to go to the trade secretary and have the 'matter settled. - ,The certificate was refused.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
...d&i.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Ittters woe Oita

CONCERTS FOR NA OI 'NDED

SOLDIERS.

Sir,—May I suggest that some organised effort be put forward to provide good concerts for the wounded " Tommies" in our midst? Last winter parties visited the hospitals, but there were not enough, and I think if one of our leading artistes would undertake the responsi- bility of organising the singers, &e., of the town much more could be accomplished instead of throwing the burden upon one or two. I feel .eertain a ready response will be shown. The " Tommies" enjoy and desire good music, and, I can assure you, if anyone will move in the matter, at the eud of the season they will feel well repaid. AMATEUR.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCLUDED AND ISOLATED.

The Position Of Cairo Street Chapel

And Its Minister.

Sir,—l feel that some comment must be made on the Rev. W. Reid's very sympathetic and illuminating letter of last week. But, first of all, let me remove what may be a certain dis- agreeable thought in the minds of some of your readers.

It may he imagined that, in the sermon I Preached a fortnight ago, I went out of my way considerably to criticise unfavourably my brother Free Church ministers. What I said Was in explanation of our position to my own People, for our isolation implies condemnation on the part of others, and we must occasionally justify our position for our own satisfaction. Vurther, it is contended by everyone at the pre- sent time that Churches and even the ChriAtian faith are in some peril; that they have to meet a new situation demanding greater loyally and service, and if they do not prepare themselves and reform themselves they are doomed. And, I for one, am convinced that unhappy divisions Is one of the great causes of the ineffectiveness of the whole Church, and that now is the time to examine ourselves, and, if pbasible, draw closer together in united service. So much in justification of this discussion.

Now, Mr. Reid informs us that on two occasions there have been discussions amongst Free Church ministers as to whether the minis- ter of Cairo-street Chapel should be admitted to their fellowship, and that the decisions on both occasions have been that he shalL.not be admitted. To say the least of it, this is not a very dignified position for the oldest Free Church in 'Warrington to ovupy, a Church Which, as I said' a fortnight ago, was establishei in the interests of freedom in worship, and Which has been served by some of the ablest ministers and scholars and most useful and honourable citizens of Warrington; and surely, one can be excused for being indignant at such treatment. It is but necessary to recall the, close connection of The Academy with Cairo- street Chapel, and the names of Priestley, John Howard, Letitia Barbauld, Philip Car- penter, Rev. R. Pilcher, who to his honour and glory was known amongst many as "The Good Samaritan," and orm.wiLl realise that there can be no reasonable ground for this isolation and ostracism. On the contrary, if the Free Church ministers had but a glimmering of "the his- torical sense," and took the trouble to find out how Cairo-street Chapel, has been and is in- volved in the best traditions of the town, they would count it an honour to have it in their fellowship, and to work in harmony with it. However, I do not want to say hard words. But, we are told that "it is from the tail of the sermon there strikes the note which accounts for the undesirable position complained of." It is because of our position about the Trinity. Now, I am not going to enter into a theological discussion at the moment. But, I should like to be quite candid and positive. There is only one doctrine of the Trinity, and it is the basis of all statements of belief of the so-called orthodox Churches. It finds classic and authoritative expression in the Athanasian Creed. For myself, I reject that doctrine as there stated, because—and I say this in all humility and only for myself—it is unintelli- gible, unscriptural, and unsound. There are many Free Church teachers who have evolved doctrines of the Trinity of their own, and with many of them I can agree. There is one in last

week's "Christian Commonwealth." But, when one speaks of the Ancient Catholic doc- trine of the Trinity, it is the one set forth in the Athanasian Creed which Is -._twetint. Now, do these Free Church ministers all agree on this doctrine? Will they all accept Mr. Reid's statement of it? It is no use quibbling about the matter for a moment. I know that they do not; and there are hundreds of Free Church ministers who do not. There are a score of interpretations of the Trinity, and they are all as heretical as my Unitarian doctrine, and some of them a good deal more so. Therefore, the position is this. The minister of Cairo-street Chapel is excluded from Free Church fellowship because he does not agree with these ministers about a doctrine on which they themselves can claim no unanimity. But, there is a more serious ques- tion I should like to ask. If one is excluded from Free Church fellowship because, in the opinion of Free Church ministers, he is unsound on the Trinity, is the same rule enforced with regard to Church members and office bearers? If it is not; and I know it is not, then there is inconsistency which is grossly culpable. But, is it .not time that we, ministers of all Churches, realised that there is a great deal more on which we are united than on which we differ, and that the former is more.important? We are not competitors for the orthodox or heterodox suffrages and support of the people, but we are humbly trying in all ways we can to build up a Christian community. There are a score of ways in which we might help one another, if we could only come together in the right spirit. And in many ways we already do help each other. I have Anglican friends who have given -me ideas I have found useful. I admit my inidebtedness to much which Canon Morley Stevenson has written. Conversations with other ministers yield their fruit, and we are all convinced that our power would be in- creased if we united together for fellowship, emphasising our unity instead of our disagree- ments. I am willing, and I think there are others also who are willing, to attempt to create a real Christian fellowship amongst ministers and laymen; and I make the sugges- tion because I think it is a good one, that we should all, Anglican clergymen, ministers of Congregational, Baptist, and Wesleyan de- nominations, Roman Catholic priests, and as many laymen and women as care to join, meet at stated times for (1) meditation and prayer, (2) discussion of the problems and difficulties which confront us all.

IRVINE LISTER.

Cairo-street Chapel, September 20th, 1916.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION AFTER THE WAR.

Sir,—Despite the absorbing interest of war, and despite the political truce, the problems of national education are appropriating a large share of public attention. They are penetrating also into the political arena; for the misfortune is that almost every step in educational progress becomes entangled with politics, an may be blocked or hampered in the House of Commons. The Committee of the National Education Association feel that they must prepare, even during war, for the coming struggle and they invite your readers to join them. The Associa- tion has taken a leading but unassuming part on behalf of popular education in most of the struggles since 1870; but the great result is yet to come. Our programme is very simple; it is the full and free development of the intellectual capacity of all, under the guidance and main- tenance of public authorities controlled by pub- lic opinion. In -pressing towards this mark we are tied to no party, no creed, no sectional in- terest; almost alone amongst organisations we are free to pursue all developments of national education in public interest alonm

Whilst the -war lasts we are not proposing to ask for a campaign fund. Our immediate pur- pose is to enrol men and women who care about national education, so that we can send them our papers, receive their suggestions, :invite them to our meetings, and in other ways ,pre- pare to have their co-operation at hand when the time for prompt action arises. The nominal enrolment fee (55.) will cover the cost entailed by the effort to secure this object. Preparation and organisation is our aim so that after the war, when molly other problems will force themselves upon statesmen and the public, we as a united body may be ready to keep education problems to the front. JOHN MASSIE, Chairman. 'A. J. MUNDELLA, Secretary. National Education Association, Canton House, Westminster, S.W.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1916.

SOLDIERS AND Itlf CHURCH.

Rev. H. Ogden Blames Outside

Influence For Failure.

Last • Sunday evening at Golborne-street Baptist Church, the Pastor, Rev. H. Ogden, preached from the topic, "Has the Church failed ?" taking for his text Ephesians v., 23, "Christ is the Head of the Church." The sub- ject had been suggested by the utterance of an officer invalided home from the Front. Ex- pressing his opinion about chaplains at the Front, he said, "New padres who joined the mess were treated with indifference. When a padre received ' honour in the mess he had earned it. Right down in the minds of the men who had been in this hell was the query, "What had the Church been doing these many centuries?"

The padres, as representatives of official Christianity, were under that cloud. What had the Church been doing these many cen- turies? "It is," said Mr. Ogden, "obvious that to prevent this European War the Church as an international organisation has done little. She failed to restrain the passion of kings and governors, and when war broke out she went down like a reed. The reason is not far to seek. There have been other heads than Christ. Allegiance to her risen• Lord has been con- ditional, and the conditional has destroyed her power. Lloyd George said concerning the power of the Church 'There is no evil could with- stand her combined forces if she were united.' Is she were united! What a significant if! The Church in the presence of gigantic evils has been at the best semi-helpless. The reason is not far to seek. A State Church financed by the State has her master to consider. Finance is a power- ful influence even in Churches. How otherwise could the Lutheran Church have been quiescent whilst Bernhardi preached that right is right so long as it is convenient? A State Church too that was Protestant.

Helpless In England As Well As In Germany. "But why be content with a German ex- ample? No one but must reverence the piety of Anglicans, and yet the powerful Church of England has been semi-helpless in the face of immense social evils. A Free Church is not without its bane. Free Church ministers' lips have been silenced, or their speech rendered innocuous because the leading deacon or society 'steward resents such plain speech. The trouble with the Church was and is that she has other masters than her Lord Jesus Christ., In the face of a united International Church what Emperor or his son would have dared to break the European peace? They dared because kings and courts were the masters of the Church. The Church should enthrone the, Christ and bow to no other master and her power would return. "The Church has had her triumphs. She has striven to bring up the young in the fear of the Lord. She has given of wealth of money and lives to carry the Gospel to heathen lands. In- dividuals and isolated communities have fought the battle of the oppressed.. The failure of the Church has been relative rather than complete. She may be bankrupt, but she has some assets, but when Christ is the head of all the Church then will be ushered in the glorious day."

4C.,++,0+0,44 .:**:. ..:. ..:. ...;.. •

Children Corner.;

o Conducted by UNCLE JACK. 4 • •

4, 41. ie.., ++o 4. 4.0 4. ••4. •

FRENCH TOWNS OF INTEREST.

My Dear Children,— I have had a. very entertaining set of letters from you this week respecting the towns in France you would like to visit. Some of the towns named are not in France. Mons and Ypres are in Belgium, and however good an essay is, if it does not answer the question put, it cannot succeed. You must all remem- ber that at school, for many marks are lost through answering questions in the wrong way. I remember when I was a boy dividing a sum that should have been subtracted. I did the division correctly, but as a subtraction sum it was no use at all. It lost me a few marks and a big prize, so I have always been careful since to answer exactly the question I am asked. .

I have given the prize th 4 week to 813\ Niece Emily Marshall,

183, Winwick-road, who attends Silver-street School, an old member of the Corner, and a regular contributor to itS columns. This week we will have for our competition an essay on

Comforts That Are Needed For Our Soldiers At

The Frcnt.

Winter is now eoming along, and comforts will be badly needed almost at /once. As you will see in to day's "Examiner," an appeal is being made for money with whieh to buy material to be made into socks, mits and other useful articles for the soldiers. That subject Should, I think, bring a lot of answers, for you are all interested in doing something for,our soldiers. Your loving, UNCLE JACK.

(By permission of the Proprietors of "Punch!')

===== 0002601_19160923_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
.:. .:. .:. 4, .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:..:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. 4,* .:. 4. 4. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. 8 .:. 4. 4.4. .:. .:. .c. ..... .:. .:. .:. .:. • 4. 4. .:. .:. .:. .:4 .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. 0 .:. .:. .:. 0 4. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:. • .:. .:‘ * .:. .:. .:. .:. .1.. .:. .:. .:. .:. .:.

' .:..:. .. , .:..:. .:.• .13 AT WORLD 3 .... . 4.4. 4..:. .

• • •

women are about to patent a number of devites which are improvements on these. Thousands of women, new to industrial employment, work sewing machines and make khaki caps, over- alls, &c. There are no slagkers among women, who are eager and quick to learn, and punc- tual and regular in their attendance_ at the works. Satin for Tailor-Mades.

Apparently taffetas han at last reached the zenith of its popularity, and this autumn, at any rate, it will give place to satin. The latter fabric combines excellently with cloth, and tailors are using the two for the new one- piece dresses and coats. Velvet and satin is another favourite combination for the autumn, and each and all look well with fur. Dark colours are to prevail, various shades of wine being specially favoured for the moment. Rather freakish and very ugly were the skirts of uneven length that had a slight following a little time ago, on account of their novelty; they have, however, vanished, and fashion now decrees that the shortness must be at the back. The slight lifting is rather smart, for it is the right Place. Skirts are a trifle narrower and decidedly longer; exaggeration in any form is happily considered bad taste at the present time. The Piquant Small Muff.

Fashion has always been given to extremes, and this winter the fashionable muff is very small, scarcely big enough to accommodate the hands of the wearer. The big muff had advan- tages; it was a most useful receptacle for small parcels, and as it covered a considerable por- tion of the body it was conducive to warmth. There is something piquant, however, in the small melon-shaped muff that is first favourite at present, and it goes 'very well with the fur- trimmed - tailor-made. Big muffs will not dis- appear this winter, more especially when made in strands of expensive peltry. The new collars, capes and stoles are almost grotesque in shape, and chiefly built of stranded furs that cover the "ears and chin. They can be worn in different ways, open or closed, and are lined with magnificent brocades, often veiled with white or coloured chiffon. The fox skins that have been donned all the summer will be modish throughout the coming season, the head and paws of the animal being used, to finish the ends and back. Benzoate of Soda. -

Communications have reached the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries referring to a state- ment Which has appeared in the public Press to the effect that benzoate of soda may be used to replace sugar in the preparation of jam. The Board are advised that benzoate of soda is quite unsuitable for the purpose in question, and desire to warn the public against its use in jam-making. Serious results might follow an attempt to substitute this material for sugar.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAT and GOSSIP.

By MARKIRIE.

Royal and Noble Artists. British royal and aristocratic ladies do not, in these democratic days, despise authorship, whilst not a few are first-rate sculptors and painters. That versatile Princess, the widowed Duchess of Argyll, is said to have contributed —under an assumed name—a number of learned articles to leading reviews and papers. She, too, is a noted sculptor. The Queen of Rou- mania, another British Princess, has published several books and has a natural gift for lan- guages and an innate taste for art. The Dowager Duchess of Buckingham and Chandos, who exhibited her pictures in 1912, is now arranging another display on behalf of war charities. Her Grace has made a reputation as a painter of portraits and landscapes, and is also an author and a great traveller.

Lady Dorothy Fielding. When it was announced that King George had decided to award the Military Medal to women there was much speculation as to who -would be the first recipient of that coveted distinction. The first member of the gentler sex to be so decorated was a French girl—. Mdlle. Emmellienne Moreau, the heroine of Loos, as she is called.. The second recipient is a .Welsh woman, Lady Dorothy Fielding, the daughter of the Earl of Denbigh. Her work for the nation began in September, 1914, in Belgium, where, with her heroic friends, Mrs. Knock and Miss Chisholm, she tended the wounded for month's in the cellar of a house close to the firing-line. In addition to other work, Lady Dorothy distinguished herself as an ambulance driver at Ypres. She has re- ceived the highest Belgian decoration from King Albert, and the . Croft de Guerre from the French Government. Tributes to Women Workers.

Lady Scott, the widow of the'great explorer, has been working for a long time in a muni- tion factory. She was most desirous to procure a weekly half-holiday for the women under her, and exacted a promise, from the manager to grant the favour, provided a certain maxi- mum was attained during the week. The girls' output .exceeded the highest estimate, and has been maintained ever since. Women have mastered the handling of eighteen- pounder shells, and now finish . and pack them. They also work wonders at lathes, presses, drills, and machines requiring great care and exactitude. Men claim nearly all the inventions used for the various processes, but

===== 0002601_19160923_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR, THE LEVELLER.

Emily Sparrow (who voluntarily does the washing-up at our soldiers' canteen each evening from 8 to 12): "Nah, then, Lady Mont- gumery-Wilberforce, 'urry up pith them plates!"

earned.; and to see our motor ambulance corps bringing our wounded to the base hospital, and the German prisoners having a rest before they gci on a large motor to a place where they can get on a ship and sail to England. I would go and see the graves of some of our soldiers who have been killed in the war."

Niece Lily McLachlan, 8, Ash-grove, Latch- ford, age 12 (Bolton Council School).—" 1 should like to go to Paris, .whicv is the capital of France, and stands on the river Seine. It is the largest, gayest and most beautiful town in France. Its public buildings are grander and its streets are brighter than any other town. Many of its streets are planted with rows of trees; which give the town • a nice appear- ance. I should like to see the public buildings in Paris, which are so splendid. One of its lovely buildings is the Louvre, which used to be a palace, but now it is a museum and art gallery, in which many valuable pictures can be seen. I should like to see the Notre Dame Cathedral, which is the finest of all the build- ings. Other famous buildings I would go to see would be the University and the Church of St. Louis, in which Napoleon was buried; Eiffel Tower, which is the highest building in the world. Paris has many beautiful monuments and fountains in public squares, also splendid cafes in which people sit out in ;the open air in summer and eat their lunch. My reason for going to Paris 'is because it is such a beautiful, interesting place, and its buildings are so historic."

" Niece F. Osborne, 31, Leicester-street (Evelyn- street School).—" The place I should like to visit most in France is Paris, because at pre- sent it is the centre of great interest owing to the war. I have read in the papers that they have taken a lot of guns there which have been captured, and also many other relics of, ithe battlefield. When the Germans, were making their way to Paris the fortifications of the city were strengthened, and the principal bilildings were protected against aircraft. Now lam sure all'these things would be very interesting for us to see. Paris itself in peace times is very attractive on account of the fine buildings, and it is the centre of fashion, for we get most of our styles of dress from the people of Paris."

Niece Elsie Johnson, 323, Lovely-lane.-- "Rheims,, with its statues and beautiful monu- ments, erected to the memory of great men. The most interesting place in Rheims is the cathedral, now in ruins. It has stood many' hardships, but none ks great as this, and now it lies helpless. It would take heaps of money to rebuild it, but money cannot make it into its old lifelike form, full of beautiful carvings and stained-glass windows, now ruined by these horrid baby killers, who are up to all kinds f mischief, finding out most of the important .places by spies, who are roaming everywhere. This town is most interesting, and if I could journey there I would be very grateful, and I hope it would not mind its new visitor from 'The Mother Country.'"

Nephew Edgar Lchrle, 194, Battersby-lane (Beamont).—" The town I would like to visit is Ypres, because of the fighting that has been taking place there. I would like to speak to some of the peasants, too, and ask them what they think of war. also would like to see the havoc wrought by the German artillery to the !lome g .4e pooz inhabitants, who have to

sleep in open fiel,ds, while we do not know the horrors of war. I thank the Allies, as a British boy should do, for keeping the Germans away from our homes."

Nephew Denis Farrar, 46, Willis-street (Parochial School).—" The town in France 1 would like to visit is Verdun, after the war, to see the places ruined during the present war. I would see houses, churches, places of enjoy- ment and works destroyed. I would bring many valuable things home with me, which, perhaps, I would find in churches and houses. I would like to go to this town to read some of the names on the graves that might be there, and if I happen to know any of themi I could, perhaps, get a photograph taken of the grave of the person." Niece Lily Williamson, 53, Priestley-street.— "Above all, I would like to visit Ypres, a town where severe fighting has taken place. I would first like to look at the graves, where many men would be, from home and family. I would like to look at the trenches, for I have never seen real ones yet, and have a peep in the dug-outs, where the brave soldiers keep their food. I would .like to look at the ruins, which, I sup- pose, Would be very great. I wonder how many men, women and children have fled from their ruined homes. I would like to look at the guns and to see the soldiets work them. I should expect to see plenty of aeroplanes and other fly- ing things." Niece Dorothy Lowery, 39, Leicester-street (Evelyn-street School).—" There are many towns in France which I should like to visit, but I should especially like to visit Paris, be- cause it is the capital of France. It_is a very gay town in peace time, and all the rich people go there. During this war there would be many different kinds of people, such as Red Cross nurses, Anzacs, English soldiers, and many others there. I should like to see all the beautiful buildings, parks and gardens and to hear the witty French people talk." Niece Edna Fellows, 44, Bewsey-road.—" The town I would like to visit in France I think' is Paris. I have heard times without number of the beauties of Paris, which I can quite believe. I would like to visit the famous places about which we read, such as the Notre Dame. I should also like to see the famous pictures painted by many great painters." -

Nephew Frank Overend, 74, Lythgoes-lane (Hamilton-street School).—" I would like to visit Peronne, where our gallant soldiers have made their name, so as to have a bird's eye view of the firing line and to see the enemy in their excitement. I would compare the ways of the French lieople by the English, and go to look at some of the glorious buildings which have been destroyed by the Germans. I would journey in the country to see the wounded soldiers, who are being helped to get cured by our to heroines, thp Red Cross nurses, and try to make them happy in some way. After I would see how the French school children are edueated."

Nephew F. Edwards, 8, Monks-street.—" would now like to visit Calais to see what kind of a harbour it has, and I would compare Liver- pool and Calais and see which was the better. If Liverpool ..von the contest, which I probably think she would, I would take another 'English harbour and I would compare and contrast them. I would also like to 'Bee the boatloads of

===== 0002601_19160923_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE ESSAY.

By Niece Emily Marshall, 183, Winwick- road, age 10 (Silver-street School) : "One of the chief towns of J. 411 Belle France is Rouen, the principal French cotton town! It has a splendid \cathedral. In its market place is a statue of Jean D'arc, or Joan 9f Arc, who was burned there by the English in 1431; they said that she was a. witch. Rouen is on the river Seine. A bit further down this river is the city of Paris. I should like to go to Rouen if only to see its cathedral. It is also noted for its silk manufactories."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHLY COMMENDED.

Nephew Harry Heywood,-age 9,8, Matthew. stieet (Parochial School).—" A town in France I would like to visit is Rouen. I am sure it must be a grand sight to see our brave soldiers in their full kit leaving for the trenches; to see those that have been fighting coming to Iteu:,,n for a 411ort rest, which they have well-

===== 0002601_19160923_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN.

CROPS UNDER FRUIT TREES.

Fruit growers on a large scale seldom trouble with under crops, chiefly because they inter- fere with horse cultivation between the trees, and the crops are not considered worth the extra expense of hand cultivation. Smaller growers, however, have to make the most of their limited ground, and with them under- cropping is common. In the Evesham district, for instance, where most of - the holdings are small, and hand cultivation is tha general rut?, many crops are grown under the fruit trees. Strawberries are a very suitable crop to grow among young fruit trees, and if only a single row is planted between every two rows of trees there is no injury to the roots. If strong runners can be obtained for planting at once there will be a little fine fruit next summer, and in the second year the plants will be In their prime. After the third season the trees will probably have grown enough to shade the strawberries, which must then come out. This is a crop to grow only between young trees, but it is possible to grow winter and spring .crops under much older trees, becau,se at these seasons there are no leaves to shade the ground, while the bare branches afford welcome shelter.

Other suitable crops to grow under fruit trees are cabbages, lettuces, and wallflowers, all of which can be planted out in September. Spring cabbages and lettuces do very well under the shelter of the leafless trees, and the crops are off before the leaves come again. They can be in single rows, cabbages 15in. and lettuces Bin. apart in the rows. Wallflowers are largely grown under the plum trees in the Evesham district; the plants can be 12in. to 15in. apart in the rows.—" Farm and Home."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PACIFYING THE BULL.

In a cornbelt neighbourhood three bulls have been simply and cheaply pacified. One was a fence-breaker and the other two were belliger- ent. Now all three behave themselves and remain peacefully in their own pastures. They have been chained. Attached to the nose ring, each of these bulls wears a 3ft. length of chain about as heavy as the old-fashioned trace chain. So long as the bull is quiet and deliberate in his movement the chain seems to cause no pain, but a quick' throw of the head or a poke through the fence gives his nose a sharp jerk by the chain. The automatic and instantaneous punishment for such actions has taught them how to behave. Each of these bulls is allowed to run with the herd all the time. The last one to be treated had become so mean that it was not safe for a man to go near him. Finally he was driven into the barn and tied by the head for weeks. Then it was learned that the other two bulls were successfully, conquered. A breast chain from the team harness was then snapped into his ring, and he was turned loose. He had a stubborn fight for two weeks with the chain. At first he would bellow and paw the dirt when anyone came near, but when his foot would catch the chain he squirmed with pain and quieted down. Even then he would stand his ground and refuse to be driven away until his chain was struck smartly with a club. The old fellow bent his nose ring and injured his nose —and evidently did some thinking. Now he takes gentle care of that chain and allows people to take care of themselveg. This is a simple method. Its one of the cases where the easy and inexpensive process is better than some elaborate device. It takes time, patience, coigne, and eternal vigilance to manage unruly 'bulls. The chain is always fearlessly on the job, and the bull knows it. It is worth using on bulls inclined to take too many privileges with strangers or. their keepers.—" Breeders' Gazette."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE GARDEN.

BORDER CARNATIONS AND PICOTEES.

These flowers are among the most beautiful grown to-day, and have been cultivated in Eng- land for centuries. It appears they were intro- duced by the Normanf and grown in monastic gardens for their beauty and fragrance. Dur- ing the last few years rapid strides have been made in the cultivation of carnations by florists, and now there are some really grand varieties in commerce. What is being aimed at is stiff- necked stems, erect blooms, non-bursting calyces and good growers. The improvement made in this direction is remarkable, and also in the size and beauty of the blooms. Border carnations give a wide range of colours, which add to their charm. As regards culture; any good ordinary soil will do, deeply dug and plenty of good rotted manure mixed with it., Raise the beds about 6 to 9in. for drainage, and plant about 12 to 15in. apart and make firm. Carnations should be grown in a separate besl to get best results. They also like soot, lime ' and salt during the growing season. Stake up as the flower spikes appear and disbud if size of bloom is desired.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Varieties to Grow.

The following °are, about the best of their section, each capable of giving large blooms and plenty of them _

- Sells: White, Bookham White, Taylor's White and A. Robsart; yellow, Border Yellow, Mrs. E. Douglas and Goldylocks; scarlet, Brilliant, Cardinal and Jean Douglas; crimson, Gordon

COF

"My motto Then I ca instal

\TILOS. SE

Douglas, Mrs. G. Marshall and John Knox; purple, Mulberry, Courtesy and Royal Velvet; maroon, W. H. Parton, Zulu and Hercules; pink, Annie Laurie, Mrs. R. Gordon and Mrs. R. Berkeley; rose, Wyatt, Lady Hermoine and Miss R. Jacobs; apricot, Robert Bruce, Mrs. G.. Jones and E. Shiffner; lavender, Duchess of Wellington, Robin Gray and Clarice. Fancies: White grounds, Dora Tett, Mont- rose, Hippias, The Nizam, Delicia and Daisy Walker; yellow grounds, Maraton, Lord Steyne, John Ridd, Josephine, Queen Eleanor, Pasquin, Mrs. Leo. Hunter, M. Thurston, Linkman, Melton Prior, Sam Weller and R. Buchanan; apricot grounds, A. B. Stewart, King Solomon, Edenside, Gloriosa, En l King, Czarina and Mrs. R. Gibson; other grounds, &c., Mrs. A. Brotherstone, Salome, Wagner, Caprice, Kaffir Chief and Mark Antony.

tp . 4...4 ~.. , IN • , i.• ,- , , ~ pelre, , : cw, • i's 4,.T."' t . ..,..1.0.1; . ,i..: ', , • ~,,,;. 1- ; ..... ....5. , •,,,, 4. ‘:,‘•,-„;:,- ‘ . ••••;',-,.•-ev`k '

•;,. 4,, 1;: i , • •-,,e11. %;-.-_. ,••-• •_. .• - f*. ki It • '`,.....11 irifi. - 'it ill .i.,_-- `iii N ' • ....- -

===== 0002601_19160923_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
r Op, • ivo, I 1".

(Regd. Trade Mark)

ZE ESSENCE

ree Maid, of Synzinston's, says: )is 'Keep the kettle boiling Ln always have a cup of Symington's ntly."

UNGTOX Er, CO.. Edinburgh and London.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Picotees.

Yellow grounds, Exquisite; Onward, John Ruskin, Her Majesty, Othello, Togo, Dago, M. Lennox, Montezuma, Mrs. J. J. Keen, Santa Claus and F. W. Goodfellow; white grounds, A. Robsart, Favourite, Fair Maiden, Lavinia, Mrs. G. Chaundy, Thomas William, Lady Ethel, Mrs. Sharp, W. E. Dickson,' Radiant, Mrs. Hammond and S. Obaldiston. October is thee best month to plant, and catalogues may be. had' from the carnation specialists.

Cuttings of all kinds may be taken now; insert in sandy soil and keep near the glass. Chrysanthemums may be disbudded if size of bloom is desired, and plants will be well bene- fited by an application of liquid manure. Strawberry beds may be made from runners from the old plants; plant 15in. apart, not too deep, in well-manured land. Dig up all vacant land for the sun to sweeten it and land intended to grow cabbage for spring cutting should be well,limed; the latter being the best preventative for club root. Burn all garden rubbish or store in hole and cover with soil to rot for use as manure for following season. Kidney beans have been a success this sea- son, Canadian Wonder and Ne Plus Ultra doing very welt Wood's Centenary or Wax Podded is a grand dwarf kidney bean, giving large, -thick, yellow pods, quite stringless and grand flavour, and readers should try this bean next season.

CEVO.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
pAc.A_r-niaL

k).1;

I

01))

===== 0002601_19160923_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
In Memoriam.

COYNE.—In loving memory of our dear son, No. Wm. Coyne, aged 24 years, No. 2350, 4th South Lancashire Regiment, who fell in action 25th Sep- tember, 1915. Fondly we loved him, he is dear to us still. But in grief we must bend to God's Holy Will, Our sorrow is great, our loss hard to bear, , But angels, dear son, will guard you with care. Deeply mourned by his MOTHER & FATHER. COYNE.—Private Wm. Coyne (2350), 4th South. Lancashire Regiment, killed in action 25th Sep- tember, 1915. We mourn the loss of our brother, So kind and good and brave, He died a herolon the battlefield. And now lies in a hero's grate. • "May he rest in peace. Amen." Deeply mourned by his SISTERS, BROTHERS, and SISTER-IN-LAW (MILLIE).

FUNERALS BY J. MOUNFIELD & SONS. The Best in all Grades. Office: 15. Church- street. Tel. 99.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1916

1 THE PLIGHT OF GERMANY.

1_

r, ,

f ,1#

About twelve months ago, when the Rus- sians were applying a check to the advance of the Germans, after what had admittedly been a terribly trying time for all the Allies, it was suddenly giv,en out that Germany had shotfher bolt in the East. Subsequent events have proved that interpretation of the situation to have been a true one, though Germany thought Russia had been put out of the fight. We think we may no* say finally that Ger- many • has shot her bolt, in the West, as well as in South-East Europe. A few Weeks ago there was a suggestion thathe Germans were about •to shorten their lines; it is now main- tained that they are se firmly held that they eCuld,not retreat if they desired to do so. The prospect before them is surrender or annihila- tion, in our part of the arena at all events. It is estimated that between July 1 and Sep- tember 18 we captured no fewer than 500,000 prisoners on the three main front's, and the killed and °wounded must ,have made up a horrible record. Since that date we have

killed Boches, at an increasing rate, and' we find, as we might expect to find, a chastened tone in the enemy Press. The" Strassburger Post," for instance, -mournfully remarks: "We must not expect the 'battle of the Somme io cease, until the Allies are short of munitions, and that contingency has not yet arisen. The kar is no longer a matter for joy as formerly." The Viennese " Neue Freie Presse " eas discovered that "This is no longer war; it is extermination. It would 'appear that the offensive now so fiercely in progress on the Somme has for its aim simply the necessity of killing. No tactical idea is apparent; it, is simply butchery. One might suppose that the Anglo-French'Governments have made lin their Minds to kill a fixed num- ber of Germans per week or per month." It is a blunt way of stating the case, but it is an accurate way. Nothing but the slaying or the capture of men on the spot where they stand, where they have sinned against all the laws of God and man, will suffices and it is a happy augury that they are beginning to recognise the fact that we have now taken the " butchery " business, of which they once nearly had a monopoly, out of their hands. Our airmen have beaten the Germans to a stand, our inventors have given us modern chariots, our workpeople have given us the ships, the guns, and the shells—and, as we said, the German has shot his bolt. There is evidence that Germany is now short of muni- tions—that se cannot keep up with the pace we have set, a res;ult which redounds to the credit of the worker at home as much as the coming` shortage of German men redounds to the credit of our valiant representatives in the trenches. In the light of the last three months' experience we can well believe that the war has, not been " a matter of joy," as it was " formerly," beyond the Rhine.

AN ARCH OF CRUTCHES. Unique Feature At A Popular Wedding. An unusual incident at weddings, perhaps unrecorded up to the present, was that which attended the marriage of Mr. Henry Collin, of Winmarleigh-street, and Miss Hammond, matron of the Infirmary, which took place on Saturday at St. Paul's Church. As many as thirty wounded soldiers collected at the approach to the church as early as nine o'clock, and when the happy pair left the build- ing after' the ceremony they had to pass, laughingly and. triumphantly, beneath an arch of crutches. , The nursing staff of the Infirmary hail pre- viously gathered in the hall and corridor to wish their popular matron good lick and God- speed. The officiating clergy were the ,Rev. G. %Fab ' given, vicar r 4 Orford, assisted by the Rev. d. Downham,`curate of St: Paul's. The bride 'was attired in a tailor-made blue coat and skirt and a picture hat, and wore as ornaments a diamond and gold brooch, which - had been, presented to her by the Ladies' Com. mittee of the Infirmary, .and a gold watch bracelet presented to her as a compliment to Mr. Henry Collin, who has for many years acted as president of the Master Builders' Association. The bride was given away by Mr. J. H. Smethurst, and Mr. C. E. Bunch, of Bridge House, acted as best man. Mr. and Mrs. Collin are spending the honey- moon in Blackpool. It is interekting to record that in addition to the contracting parties, those signing the register were Mr. and Mrs. ,Smethurst, Mr. Bunch, and the Misses Marion and Ada. Collin (daughters of the bridegroom), the last two having also tastefully decorated the chancel \with beautiful flowers. -- The public presentations which the bride Ins received have alre9dy been recorded, and we have now to add„with great pleasUre that Mr. Collin has been the recipient of a canteen of, cutlery (supplied by Messrs. Eustance and Co.), from the Conservative Club, of which he is hon. secretary. Mrs. Collin having resigned her *position at the Infirmary, she has been succeeded by Miss Strachan, who has held a similar poht at the .'',2.-Vallasey Hospital, Liscard.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
11

11.4, £

Ii

• .

pr:?.l 4 I

• t 7 ;1 '. lr-Z i:-;:i. 1,, ; , k.r. • , 2 I

.T,l .; . '. ;'• -1.

• . • ' : '',,, L 4 ' ' i ~.f4 ~,,,,, ,I. el: ~,t I ' t 4. -, t , , - A tvti: ' ' tl. ,f '4.0 4 I li 41 • / .. ' 1.• i't I i ,e t ? ' F. t. 1, i,. , . ; Li . 0:. ~ I . , " ~1 ) '

I

7 ~,,,. , I . 1, ,' r 'i

• it 3

BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, DEATHS.

Silver Wedding.

BANNON—MATHER'.—On September 21st. 1891, at St. Mary's Church. Buttermarket-street, by Rev. 3. E. Turner. 0.5.8.. John Bannon to Margaret A. Mather.

Deaths.

ASHTON.—On September 17th, at 265, Knutsford- road, Louisa Ashton, aged 24 years. BENNETT.—On September 19th, at 233, Liverpool- road, Margaret Bennett, aged 72 years. . BROWN.—On September 20th, at 81, Orford-lane, Arthur Brown, aged 20 years

ROLL OF HONOUR. uPOTTER.—In loving memory of my dear nephew, Private Arthur Potter. who died of disease in Mesopotamia on July 21st, aged 21 years. God knows ho W much we miss him, He knows the tears we shed. And whispers, "Hush, he only sleeps, Your loved one is not dead." The happy hours we once enjoyed. How sweet their memory still: No morning dawns, no night returns, But what we think of him. AUNT EMMIE, COUSINS JACK ec JIM. Priestley-street.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSSIP.

I hear that the Mayor-elect is to be fixed upon at the General Purposes Committee on Monday. There is only one possible Mayor- elect at the moment, and that is the present occupant of the chair. I should say Alderman Peter Peacock will preside over our municipal destinies next year, and thus set up a record of a, four-years-continuously-in-office Mayor.

Under the headline, "The Might of the Mite," the "War Savings Journal" for September; published in London, begins, "This apposite title for an article on the small investor and the war is taken from the report of a War Savings meeting in the 'Warrington Examiner?"

Alone I did it. I was always good at arresting headlines—as the maid servant said when she took her mistress's new hat for the evening.

Lieutenant-Colonel George Crosfield, p. 5.0., is again at The /rowers, Bewsey, and knocking about the town generally in a taxi.

He attended the funeral of Dr. Adams at Lymm otr Tuesday afternoon, and, after liter- ally jumping out of his car, joined his broth.r officers. Colonel Crofffield was in mufti, and his artificial foot was encased ;in a brown boot.

Mr. Frank Kay, a colleague of mine on "The Examiner" staff, rho enlisted soon after war was declared and .has been in Egypt and Gallipoli almost continuously since, is one of those who have had no leaves of absence.

• He writes to me this week, saying he hopes in quarters. He now hopes he " may have a spell at home next Christmas—if not at Easter; if not, then August; if not, at Christmas. Any- how, he lives in hope and satisfaction, and is, in fact, a good English soldier who is happy to take thing as be finds them.

"I am not alone," he says, "for I know lots of fellows who, although they grumble and grouse about soldiering in Egypt, never lose hope. They all look forward with keen antici- pation to going to 'Blighty,' but, be the delay ever so long, they are always cheerfully optimistic and never downhearted." •

An object lesson-surely to some people who "grouse" at home at the least inconvenience to which they may be put.

The Corporation are,getting on very well with the repaving of Sankey-strwet. and soon light- footed wayfarers an heavy-rolling vehicles will be thoroughly appreciative of the roadway.

• In the meantime the romantic young Men and maidens parading at night delight in the fairy- land staging which the 'red, hanging lamps suggest.

It is not often that the Corporation creates a diversion—the Bewsey 'bus has to get 1.0 Market Gate via Rylands-street.

For the nonce in many months there has been no sitting of either th 9 Warrington, Warrington Rural District, or Runcorn Rural District Tiibunals this week.

I wonder where the members have been enjoying di" vacation. Considering the " cer- tain liveliness" which has arisen, probably some unsuccessful 'appellants who have been before the Tribunals would like them to spend it in a little black dug-out in the Et, but I May say that several, have -been to a " Little Grey Horne in' the Wet"—that .at the Royal Court Theatre.

Nearly a month ago the members of the Gas Committee received with sympathy tile sugges- tion that, owing to the darir.7l._.,,s of the streets at night, lampposts shpuld lie painted white in the middle so as tfi indicate their proximity to pedestrians sensitive to paia when colliding with a harder substance than ?iesh.

The white armlets began to appear on the lamp-posts this week. vs. ,

I have been privileged this week to see a letter written by Private Donovan, of the Irish Guards, three days before he was wounded. He was right in the thick of the fighting, as became an Irish Guardsman; but he shows the Army is being well-fed. •

"Do not send me any more bacon," he wiites home, "as we are ,getting more of it than we can eat. Cake is the most welcome out here, because it is so scarce." I fancy the trenches are not the only places where cake is scarce just now.

"I got the P.O. you sea. It came in handy, because we were in a well-populated village, and I got five francs for it, and five francs is a nice little sum to have a scout round with in a busy little French town." With bacon plenti- ful and French towns near the fighting line that are worthy of a " svut round," things would appear to be not so bad in Northern France.-

VIGILANT.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
" MR. B. T. PARKES.

Appreciation Of Temperance Worker

Who Goes To The Colours.

Mr. B. T. Parkes Ole well-known Temperance and social worker, has joined up, and the fact has been made the occasion for wishing him .the best of luck and of placing on record an appreciation of the valuable services lie has rendered in many directions.

Warrirgton and District Citinns Temperance

League.

The following resolution, moved by the Rev. T. T. James and seconded by Mr. J. Griffiths, has been passed by the above League:— . “That-this meeting of the Citizens' Temper- ance League desires to place on record its high appreciation of the work done by Mr. B. T. Parkes as secretary, its sense of the value of his efforts on behalf of the Temperance cause, and to express to him it good wishes while on service with the Colours, and to hope that he may be speedily at liberty to resume his place in this organisation." \ Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church.

At the quarterly meeting recently held, the following resolution was passe& proposed by Mr. J. Griffiths and seconded by Mr. A. E. Hoyle:—

"At this quarterly 'meeting we were reminded of the exacting toll the war is still making on the nation's manhood. The following officials have already. responded to the call :—Brothers Bailey, Metcalfe and Floyd, and now our esteemed and respected Brother Parkes (cir- cuit secretary) has received the call. As this, in all probability, will be the last opportunity of meeting Brother ,Parkes officially, we think it fitting to place .on record our ,high apprecia- tion'-of the invaluable services he has rendered to the/Circuit for so many years. As super, intendent of the Sunday School, local preacher, and circuit Secretary he has shown qualities of able administration and good service. We are gad to Incl.,- that his high character is known Outside the Church. A few years ago the,Citi- zens' Temperance League appointed hi'm their secretary. In this 'position he is best known to the public. His work for Temperance has won him the respect bf alarge circle of friends. We deplore the fact that the exigencies of this tragic war are tearing from our side men like Brother- Parkes,: We pray that the Almight3' Father may watch over him in the interval of separation and may it please Him in His bwn good tithe to restore him to our midst."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Railway Mission.

A very successful drawing-room American tea took place at The Willows, Moore, the other day,. when, much attractive plain and fancy work was displayed and speedily disposed of in aid of the funds of the Mission. There was also a large stall of produce and confectionery in the gardens. The 'brief opening ceremony consisted of the hearty singing of the 100th Psalm (Metrical Version), prayer, led by Miss Bogstrom, the Missioner, and a very' apt speech from Miss M. G. Rylands to announce the com- mencement of the sale. Miss B. Dutton, hon. treasurer, described the dev6ted and very use- ful work of the Missiod and thanked Miss M. G. Rylands for this additional proof of her warm friendship to the Mission. The proceeds of the gale, which included many kind Money 'donations from friends unable to be present, amounted to the satisfactory sum of £l4 16s.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMIER 23, 1916.

A HOLIDAY IN IRELAND.

Some Notes On War-Time Lights And Shadows.

LIGHT RAILWAYS NEEDED.

By C. E. PARKER.

It might be thought that in choosing 'the shores of Sheepshaven in the north of Ireland as the scene of ouf family holiday we might get out of the shadow of the war. We soon realised that this; could not be even in this remote part of stony Donegal. It is true Ire- land has no conscription, and no doubt there are many who ought to be at the Front who ,remain at home. But there are others, Protest- ants and Catholics, Nationalists and anti-Rome Rulers, who have flocked to the Colours. It seemed impossible to find a single hamlet that had not sent its representatives to the great war, and in Many a humble Donegal cottage, with its earthen floor_ and dent thatched roof, there were anxious .mothers eager to get the opinion of an Englishman as to when the war would end, while not a few were mourning for their sons, and would not be comforted because they were not. The shadow of the war was apparent in many,of the industries. The little herring, fleets were depleted; some of the fishers had gone' as soldiers, others as mine sweepers, while the GOveinment-provided' boats were called away on more important work. Generally speaking, the war has brought pros- ;)erity to the agriculturists in Ireland, and the localities within reach of Tuarkets or railway connections are doing well. In most of Donegal the little fanners are so far from a market that they have not shared proportionately in the general prosperity. These are to a large extent, self-dependent, growing what they require for their own use, and only occasionally ha,ing ‘ur- plus stock to market. Still even these are ex- periencing the stimulus occasioned by the great ~y3rld struggle.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
flax G,-owing.

Many farmers in Donegal have, for the first time, grown flax, and this has proved a profit- able venture. The amount of flax grown in Ireland this year is probably seven .or eight times the normal quantity. &fore the wal-eire- land grew about one-fifth of the flax Manufac- tured in the country, now nearly half is grown. The value since the war began has about trebled. and I believe has reahied .£l2O a ton. This is after, if has been 'cleaned .and scutched. We can still .get flax from Russia, but the Bel- gian .supply, about a- third of the whole, is en- tirely 'cut off. heard of one farmer who affirmed that ,he had made £7O clear from an acre of flax, but this is very exceptional.- The flax plant has a thin wiry stem branched to- wards the ton to early the pretty sky-blue flower which is the blossom of the bolled fruit which contains the linseed. The stalk grows about three feet in, height, and is somewhat stronger than wheat. The fibres run in strands between the skin and the woody pith forming the hollow tem. 'Flax, when ripe, is not cut, but is pulled up by the roots, bound in sheaves and nut in some adjacent water to 'steep. The object of this steeping is to dissolve by fermentation the glutinous matter adhering to the fibres.' At the end of a fortnight it is taken out and dried in the fields. It is then bruised further to dis- entangle the fibre, then sent to the flax mills to he scutched and spun. The damp climate of Treland is specially adapted both to the growth and the spinning of flax, but the plant takes -nuch out of the ground, and cannot be grown on the same land in successive years. The rota- tion is potatoes, corn, flax. The Harvest of the Shore.

The making of kelp from seaveed is an indus- try followed all along the northern coast of Ireland. The seaweed is cut and gathered at low tide and brought up to dry by carts or by the help bf donkeys with panniers suspended over the back. It is then spread on the grass or

-rol to dry, and when dry burnt to -an ash. This ash is bagged and conveyed to the nearest means of transit to Glasgow or London, where_ iodine and .other products are extracted. It is also ak valuable manure, and is now in. demand for the hungry flax crops. The price the farmers of Donegal were getting before the war for kelp ash was .23 10s. per ton on rail; it is now at least .26 ss. All the small farmers along the sea coast turn their .attention to kelp when not busy with their land crops. Seaweed is also largely used direct as manure for crops.

Peat Ireland's Fuel.

, The getting in during the summer of the winter's supply of fuel—that is, turf or peat— engages a good deal of the energy and time of the Irish cottagerS. There are many parts of the country in which no coal is ever used.. Peat is. the only fuel, and often has to be hauled several miles. I have seen donkeys with their panniers full of peat on the coast of Donegal from the base of the hills, at an elevation of 1,500 feet, coming down. the bridle paths to the cottages near where I stood. I do not suppose that the weight of peat. carried by each donkey could be more than 701 b., this would be equal at best to 351 b. of coal, and it would probably take two or three hours to do a single journey. To this time and lribonr must be added the cut- ting .and drying of the peat earlier in th eason. The depth of the peat beds varies considerably; in Donegal it is generally not more than two or three feet, and when this has been cut there is often, nothing but rock below. In. such cases the pasturage is spoilt, and this is a serious pro- blem. Not only is the peat exhausted and ceases to grow, but the grazing area is diminished. Xhother result of cutting out the'peat, where the land is low lying, is that it is often, cut below the drainage level, in consequence the ground becomes waterlogged and rendered' unfit for crops. Thousands of acres are, being rendered' useless in Ireland fro nl this cause, and such low. eating ought to be made illegal. Generally, the right of cutting :tail on the .11.111 s goes with the holding; or a small charge is made/but in such cases turf can only be cut for the use of the teuant, and must not be Marketed. •

Other Uses For Peat.

Many efforts have been made to utilise peat for *her purposes than 'household -fires. Much motley has been spent and much lost in Ireland in experiments. While there have been many failures, some success has been achieved. Air- dried peat yields a capital power gas, and fac- tories are being run entirely With it; much to the owners' advantage while coal is so dear. No, doubt. much more could be done in this direction, but the factory must not be top far from the supply, as the bulky character Of the peat makes transit expensive. A further de- velopment of light railways would bring Much more of this fuel into use. Peat is now largely used for litter for horses and ourimports for this purpose from the. horses, and Ger- many before the war amounted to about 100,000 tons annually, a good deal of this went to Ire- land. This has now stopped to Ireland's bene- fit. A considerable quantity of peat dust is used in the making of nuilassine meal for cattle food. also for packing eggs and fruit. Sphagnum moss from peat. bogs is now extensively used in hospitals for dressing wounds, and volunteer parties are formed and go. out 'Pi Ith sacks to gather this moss. - The moss has then to be carefullY•picked over and all the hard substance taktcn out.. A use has lately been. found' for peat by rLi..ofessOr Bottomley. By inoculating peat with nitrogen-fixing bacteria he has produced a valuable fertiliser, and the Manchester Cot- poration has been granted the free use of his .proeess for a period. I have tried this 'bacterialged peat in my garden as a fertiliser for tomatoes; the result .has been an increased yield of 40 per cent. against a well-knoWn fer- tiliser. In this there is a great future for peat dust if the cost of manufacture can .be reduced. In Donegal the spinning-wheel and hand- loom are still in use for worsted and the fabrics made from it. I visited a cottage and found an old lady about eighty sitting by the peat fire busy spinning, and it was wonderful to see how' her aged .fingers manipulated the raw wool into an even thread by the help of her wheel: Three strands are then twisted together and become an even thread of three- ply, and from this the stockings are knit, and the famous Donegal tweeds, with their pungc.nt smell of peat reek, are Made:

===== 0002601_19160923_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Miss Milner.

We record with regret the death of Miss Milner at her residence, Moore House, on Sunday night. An extensive landowner in Cheshire, she was well-known for her philan- thropy. Born in 1831, at Moore House, she resided there all her life, and so completed a 200 years' occupatiop of the house by her family. The 'funeral took place at Daresbury on Thursday morning.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORTS NEEDED!

Prepare For Winter Campaign In France And The East.

VOLUNTARY WORKERS' URGENT APPEAL FOR £3OO.

It is now certain that our gallant troops will have to face the Adiscomforts of the trenches for another winter, and it is clearly the duty of those who will be enjoying the luxury of home life to see that those discomforts .are minimised as much as possible. Fortunately, there are many willing workers to make the much-needed woollen helmets, scarves and socks and similar articles; all they want to set them going to keep up the supplies is the money to buy the material. For this money the following appeal has been made:—

Comforts for our troops at the Front—France, Mesopotamia, Egypt and Salonica—and for our wouncled soldiers at home and abroad.

THE WINTER CAMPAIGN:

Dear Sir, or Madam, Since the outbreak of war, the women of Warrington have sent out many scores of thousands of pairs of mits, socks, shirts and other necessary and useful articles, largely for the men of our Territorial Battalions.

In December, 1915, the Governinent decided— in order to prevent overlapping, and waste—to place the direction of the distribution of com- forts in the • hands of Sir Edward Ward, as Director-General, and at whose request. a local branch of the National Committee was formed here. For this purpose the members of the ,Territorial Equipment Committee, the War- rington Women's Liberal Association, and the Cairo-street and Moore Working Parties and Miss White's Central Committee have amal- gamated and have dispatched from time. to time on the requisitions of the Director-General large quantities of comforts for the Army generally, but with the proviso that the claims and needs of our local battalions should have first place. Over 500 ladies have been helping in this great work for the past nine months, and are most anxious to continue doing so. At this moment many thousands of mits, socks, hospital shirts, slippers,. operation socks and other articles are urgently needed, and part of the work is in hand.

Our funds are almost exhausted ; we depend entirely upon voluntary help, and we cannot comply with the claims already made upon us without immediate and substantial financial support.

In all the fields of wkir our fellow townsmen are fighting, and when we:remember •the awful disipmfort and danger which has hitherto been inellitable in trench warfare in winter—frost- bite, rheumatism, chest troubles, trench fever -and; the like—there is not one of us who is not prepared to, do his or her best to mitigate to the utmost possible extent, the horrors and suffer- jugs which our heroic soldiers are facing so ' cheerfully. Winter, is rapidly approaching! Time -is short! The claims of our troops are urgent! Three hundred pounds is needed forthwith and more later! Please help!

Subscriptions may be sent to the Mayor (Alderman P. Peacock) president, to the Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Jno. Fairhurst, or to any of the undersigned. JAS. H. SMETHURST, Chairman, HENRY COLLIN, Hon. Sec., MISS WHITE, Holly House. Sankr-street.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE DR. ADATOS.

mpressive Funeral At Lytnm On Tuesday.

A fortnight to the hour since he stood with troubled mein and uncovered head and watched- the body of his beloved wife lowered into a grave in the peaceful slope of Lymna Churchyard, all that was mortal of •Dr. Adams himself was laid to rest therein. on Tuesday afternoon.

It was an impressive funeral. An autumnal day without the faintest ray of sunshine, the tendency to humidity in the atmosphere com- pleted the melancholy aspect, and it was with depressed. hearts that mourners and friends followed the bier into the church, where the Ilev. E. C. E. Carleton (vicar of Holy Trinity Church, Warrington) read the service before leading the procession to the graveside. The congregation was almost identical With that which assembled a fortnight before; his wife's friends were his friends. .There were many doctors, public and business gentlemen, and soldiers, and the general friends included scores of people from Warrington, particularly in. the neighbourhood of his residence, who attended to pay their tribute of esteem. Feelings of ,poignant grief were visible every- where.

"Weeping at the feet and head, I can see your falling tears, I' can hear your sighs and prayers."

Standing with Mr. Harvey Adams (son) as principal .mpurners were Mr. Spencer Adams (brother), Mr. J. Rowley Orr (cousin) and Mr. T. A. Mosse. Among .others present were •Doctors Langdale, Bowden, Binns, Muiray and Peacocke; Rev. B. Percival, .chaplain of the "Gilbert' Greenall " Lodge (1,250) of Free- masons; Mr. A. V. Baxter (representing the directors of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd.), loieutenant-Colonel George R. Crosfield, D. 5.0., Lieutenant-Colonel A. b. Layton, Major Egerton Fairclough, CaptaV Stott, Sergeant Stephens, Mr. 'William Step ens (a servant of the late Dr. Adams for over'3o years), Mr. and Mrs. Joscph, WhitehOpse, Mr. and Mrs. W. Stephens and Mr. JosePh•Gerrard.

The i4inCoin. Rural District -Council was represented by Councillors William MeTntyro, .T. Guest, J. Blythe, J. Hewitt., W. E. lidtigh (clerk), Stanley Wright (surveyor), J. Swinton (highway surveyor) and G. W. Lloyd .(inspector of nuisances).

Mi. H. Flood, secretary, and Councillor G. Dale, treasurer, represented Crosfield's Ambu- lance Brigade,, and Mrs. Fisher, the Warrington Nursing Division. Beautiful wreaths were received from the following :—" Gladys-, Doris 'and Harvey," Col. and Mrs. R. Jackson, Mr. Spencer Adams, " Nettie and Minnie," Col. and Mrs..R.'Batley, Mrs. Balmain and Mrs. Ivan Hamilton, Mr. G. P. Simpson, Col. and Mrs. Harman and "William and Sarah," "Laura and Mary," Mr. T. A. Mosse, Mr. and Mrs. G., H. K. Kingdon, Officers of the 4th Battalion Scluth Lancashire Regiment, Dr. and Mrs. Peacocke,- .Dr. and Mrs. Langdale, Dr. and , Mrs. Fox, Lieutenant-ColOnel B. Fairclough and Mrs. Fairclongh, Councillor and Mrs. Roberts,. Lieutenant-Colonel .George R. Crosfield, D. 5.0., Mr.- and Mrs. A. V. Baxter, Mr. and Mrs. R. Bowman and " Alatal;" Mr. • and Mrs. P.. J. Lord, Mr., and Mrs. 0. Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. 'Ellison, Miss M. Ellison, Mr. and , Mrs. Law- ton and Air. H. E. Ti..l4w6n, Mrs. and Miss Holloway and, Lieutenant Holloway, the British Red Cross Society Waresbury, Division, -Cheshire Branch), Mr. and Mrs. Fred Parson- age ,and family, Mrs. Chalmers. Mr., 'Mrs. and Miss Bradbury, Mr.. and Mrs. • Whitehouse. and family, " The patients of, Beu:sey," The Neighbours of Bewsey," Mrs. Thomas, Mr. J. Gerrard,. Messrs, J. Cro field and Sons, Ltd:: the directors, managers and staff of Messrs. J. Crosfiep and Sons, Ltd.,. the Crosfield Division of the St. John Ambulanc4 'Ass)ociation, Mr. and Mrs. Higgins and family, Nursing Divi- sion; Warrington Corps; Mr, and Mrs. Simp- son and family, members •Of the ' Panel Bri- pade, Medical Association, and Mr.' and Mrs. Burrows. .

111 r. R. Johnson had Charge of the funeral arrangements.

Gifts To Schools.

Expressions ,of gratitude were made at meeting of the Education Committee on Mon- day regarding the following gifts :—Encyclo- Pmdia Britannica from the Rev. Canon Morley Stevenson to the Secondary School, bound col- unis of the "Studio' from, Mr F. Monks to the School of Art, and a framed portrait of John Travers Cornwell, the naval ,boy hero (with specially prepared text matter) from the Chairman (Councillor H. Roberts) to each senior school.—Alderman Bennett declared that' the. ,Chairman .had _done a very *lee and patriotic thing in endeavouring to bring home to the boys and girls in the schools the courage displayed by John Travers Cornwell. • _ . . _ .

===== 0002601_19160923_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPT. WHITTLE SAFE! DJ, y • al nititwure

Lights for Coming Week. Light up Obscure Vehicles. Lights. To-day (Saturday) 7.41 ... 8.41 Sunday Monday t Tuesday Wednesday 7.32 ... 8.32 Thursday Friday 7.27 ... 8.27 Saturday End of Summer Time. Sunday, Oct. 1 6.23 ... 7.23 Elmwood Avenue Church.

The church anniversary services in connec- tion with Elmwood-avenue Congregational Church ariz, to be held to-morrow (Sunday). The appointed preachers are: Rev. C. P. Pitt, morn- ing, and Rev. T. W. Bond, St. Helens, evening.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Town Clerk Receives News Of His Son.

PRISONER IN PRUSSIA.

-Yesterday the Town Clerk received a tele- gram from Messrs. Cox and Co., Army bankers, to the effect that "Geneva Gent" telegraphs :

Captain 0. Lyon Whittle, Flying Corps, prisoner of war at Guterslohe, Germany.

Guterslohe (16 Ce) is a small town in West- phalia, about 39 miles south of Minden (16 Cd).

Capt. Whittle was transferred from the South Lancashire Regiment to the Royal Flying Corps, along with his companion, Capt. A. Skinner, on August 19. The two promptly got to work, for on August 31 they took part in a bombing raid in hostile territory. They failed to return, and the greatest anxiety' has been felt for them since. Yesterday's message will be received with universal pleasure, and the hope that similar good tidings may come to hand regard- .ing Capt. Skinner. Fp to lagt night nothing had been heard of ttat gentleman.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION.

Mr. J. Lyon Whittle received late last night a telegram from the War -Office notifying that Captain 0. Lyon Whittle, "previously reported missing, now officially reported prisoner .of war at Guterslohe."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM CAVALRY TO iNFANTRY,

Stationmaster's Son Promoted

To Second-Lieutenancy.

His many friends will be .pleased to hear that Mr. .Charles McDonald Armstrong, stepson of Mr. Gordon, station master at Bank Quay, and Mrs. Gordon,,, 46, Arpley-street, has been gazetted a , Second-Lieutenant in the King's Own yorkshire. Light Infantry. Second-Lieutenant Armstrong, who is twenty- .

SECOND-LIEUTENANT CHAS. M,.DONALD ARMSTRONG.

six years of age, has been in the Army for eight years. He enlisted in the 16th -Laric:_.rs, and transferred to the 17th Battalion, along with his step-brother, Edward A. Gordon, and they went to India together. They were drafted from India to France in November, 1914, and have served there since. His step-brother is at pre- sent sick in hospital. Second-Lieutenant Armstrong has only had three days' leave dur- ing his whole Army career. He was educated at Wycliffe School, and attended the Sunday school and church. Before enlisting he was employed in the offices of Messrs. Greenall's dis- tillery, to which place he went from the offices of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Market _Prices.

At Wednesdays Warrington Market the price of new wheat ruled from Bs. 3d. to Bs. 6d. per 701 b., and 4s. to 4s. 3d. per 451 b. was realised for new oats. Flour realised 475. 6d. to 525. 6d. per 2401 b., thirds 2s. 4d. to 2s. 7d. per 201 b; bran, is. 7d. to is. 9d. per 201 b.; wheat straw, 70s. per ton.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Judge Sett Fox Complimented._

His Honour County Court Juage J. Scott Fox, K.C., has been promoted to the important Leeds Circuit. At the conclusion of the County Court business on Thursday, Mr. Louis Kelly, barrister, on behalf of the members of the Bar and legal profession, offered to his Honour.their respectful congratulations. Judge Fox expressed his thanks for'the compliment. •

===== 0002601_19160923_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Infretious Disease.

Last week the following new cases of infec- tious disease in Warrington were reported : Diphtheria, 2; erysipelas, 3; measles, 3; puer- peral fever, 1; tuberculosis, 6. It will be noted that there were no new cases of scarlet fever. There remained in the hospital the following local cases :—Scarlet fever, 'l.e; enteric fever, V; diphtheria, 7; phthisis (Sankey Hospital), 17; total, 37. Serious Street Accident.

A serious accident occurred in Winwick-road on Monday, when Mrs. -Martha Hankinson, 22, West-street, was knocked , down and rim over by a waggonette. Two privates of . the R,A.M.C.. from; the Lord Derby 'War Hospital took the injured woman to the Infirmary, where it was ascertained that both her legs were fractured. Mrs. .Hankinson, who is 58 years of age, is further prostrated from shock and lies in a very critical state.

New School Mahallers. The Rev. B. Schofield has been appointed foundation manager and correspondent of the Ladies' School of Industry. Miss Ferriman wrote to the Education Committee on Monday regretting that, as she had retired ' from her appointment at the Training College and was leaving Warrington, it became necessary for her to resign her position as a representative manager of the Smith-street School.—The Chairman (Councillor 11. Roberts) .said that Miss Ferriman's long experience in educational matters had made her an exceptionally able and valuable member, and he moved that the committee place on record their appreciation •of her services.—This was • seconded by Alder- man Smethurst and carried.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Motor Cars Collide.

When Private Thomas Pettit, Mechanical Transport, Aril3y Service Corps, was driving a motoi car belonging to the Ministry of Muni- tions ..ip Bold-street and in the direction of Sankey-street on Monday afternoon, he collided with another motor car driven and owned by Mr. Henry Charles Sutton, 14, Upingham-road West Derby, Liverpool. Mr. Sutton's cir was cominit along Palmyra-square to Suez-street, and the impact of the two vehicles was very violent. The civilian's Car .was knocked over on the footpath at Mr. Forshaw's office, and Mr. Sutton was slightly bruised about the chest. Pettit was uninjured. Both cars were damaged in the collision, and were 'subsequently removed to the Lion Hotel Garage.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Parish Church Musical Recital.

A recital of sacred music in aid of the Lord Kitchener Memorial Fund for disabled officers and men was given in Warrington Parish Church on Sunday afternoon. The attendance was a fair one. The choir sang the chorus "Be not afraid," from Mendelssohn's "Elijah." Beethoven's Hallelujah Chorus, and the anthem " 0 gladsome light." The follow- ing sang solos: Master Neville Davies, "Hear ye Israel," Mendelssohn ; Mr. J. B. Poole, "And God said" and "Now heaven in fullest glory," Haydn; Mr. J.. Sephton, "Be thou faithful," Mendelssohn ; and Mr. Crowe, "He was despised," Handel. "Overture," Handel; Cantilene," Salome; and "0 Sanctissima," Lux, were organ solos\ played by Mr. F. M. Darby, the organist.

A Patriotic Movement. In consideration of the prevailing depletion of clerical staffs, the centrally situated Copying and Typewriting Bureau at Wood's College, 15, Bridge-street, has placed its resources and staff of expert typists at the service of patriotic firms in this district free of charge "for the duration of war." When .the "rush comes" and extra clerical help is needed, you• should 'call with your requirements at Wood's College. Provid- ing the stationery is supplied, the Bureau will undertake your envelope addressing, circulars, form letters, postcards, specifications, duplicat- ing, MSS., &c. Strict privacy and speedy despatch. guaranteed. Anyone' engaged in any branch of philanthropic and national work is especially invited to place 'work to be typed there. -

===== 0002601_19160923_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Thank God 1

Sir Gilbert Greenall, accompanied by Masters Gilbert and Edward Greenall, attended a matinee last Saturday given in the Chester Picturedrome in aid of the Allied Farmers' Relief Fund. In thanking the management of the Picturedrome, Sir Gilbert explained that the Royal-Agricultural Society collected £70,000 for helping the farmers who had suffered during the Franco-German war. . That sum enabled them to 'do the Fretfch farmers a Food deal of good; but the present needs with Servia, Bel- gium, Poland and Northern France devastated would be very much greater. Some said that an appeal made now was premature, but they must be ready with the funds at any moment if they were to do any good. As a matter of fact a great deal had already been done in the parts of France from which the enemy had been cleared; already ' a good amount of breeding stock had been sent and a lot of seeds „and agri- cultural implements, but after the war there would be an enormous amount of that work to be done, and they must have available fUnds„ "Thank God," concluded Sir Gilbert, "the war has not taken place in our land, and that our farms and homesteads and buildings have not all been devastated .as those poor people's were." The proceeds amounted to over £5O.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mr. John Alban Tivnin.

The death occurred on Saturday', September 9th, of Mr. John Alban Tivnin, who was serving at .Cardiff as a! private in the Royal Defence Corps. Mr. Tivmn,--who 'resided at 54, Cock- hedge-lane, has had a life-long. connection, as also had his father, with the Vir.hitecross- Wire Works. He entered the employ of the company at the age of eleven years and served them as a wire cleaner until he joined the Army fifteen months ago. His death, which came suddenly was the result of hemorrhage of. the brain. The body was conveyed to 'Warrington, under the care of Sergeant Connor, who was also present at the funeral. The interment took place last Saturday at the Cemetery and a large number of friends and neighbours assembled in token !of respect. Bearers and buglers from the Bar- racks attended, as did also a firing party from Winwick. Father Willon performed the last rites and the members of the St. Mary's Young Men's Society met the Cortege at the Cemetery. The Mourners present were Mrs Tivnin (widow), Miss Sarah Tivnin and Miss Ellen Tivnin (daughters), Master John Tivnin and Master Jamee, Tivnin (sons), Mrs. Riley, Mrs. Murray and Mrs. Malam (sisters-in-law), Miss Lily Turner (niece) and Miss S. Lawless. Wreaths and floral tributes were sent by the officers of the Royal Defence Corps, the N.C.O.'s and men of the South Lancashire Regiment, Cardiff; "His Wife and family,' Mr. and Mrs. Riley and family, Mr. and Mrs. Warburton and family, "His sisters-in-law, Lily and Polly Tivnin."

Messrs. J. kounfield. and Sons carried out/the funeral arrangements.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SGT.-MAJOR A. E. FAULKS.

Military Medallist Captured By

The Huns.

A local Military Medallist in the person of Co.-Sergt.-Major. Albert E. Faulks, of the South Staffs. Regiment, is a prisoner of war in Ger- many. 'His wife, who reside % at 16, Brookland? street, off Padgate-lane; received on Wednesday a card from him which stated: "I am a prisoner of war, and stationed at Dulmen (Westf)." This message was an assurance for Mrs. Faulks, who last Saturday received a leftyr saying that her husband was reported misiing. The message, dated 'September 7th, and signed Chief Q.-M.-Sergeant nriridley, stated in part, "We were both members of the South Staffs, and went through the -South African • 'campaign together. Whatever duty your husband had to perform he performed it

===== 0002601_19160923_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
CO.-SERGT.-MAJOR A. E. FAULKS.

most cheerfully and to the best of his ability. He was a most excellent leader of men, for which ,ho had already been decorated. The officer,e, N.C.O.'s and men will no doubt miss Ihi ni very much." , CoMpany-Sergeant-Major 'Faulks, who is thirty-one years of age, is the scin of Mr. John Faulks, 201, Padgate-lane, who served in the South Staffs. 'Regiment for 29 .years,, during. which time he fought in the Zulu War and the first ,South African campaign, obtaining the meritorious medal. He acted for some years as lassistant paymaster at Orford Barracks, and !retired With the rank of Quartermaster-Ser- geant. Company-Sergeant-Major Faulk's grand- father served as a Quartermaster-Sergeant throughout the Crimean War, and was in charge, of the base hospital in which Florenot Nightingale worked. • 1 Company-Sergeant-Major Faulks went out with the original British Expeditionary Fgree, and fought in almost all the, big battles. He was wounded on the :14th September, 1914, and after spending some time in. hospital, was at home until Christmas. He brought with him 4 shrapnel bullet (extracted from his leg) and a, pair of powerful German field glat;ses, which two souvenirs he now treasures with just pride. He was educated at the Padgate C.E. School

• tditkin • ;• .. Arate.fit.'4l4ot:;i::463l,•AdOM.:o2o::•. ..: , •• • es • • • ' . " 435. f•;•4•• • ; • ;. ::1:j.,33fr4" ••C,: ' • .• ' • . :4;01.:31. • • 'atrAlONej4l44lo4sl4lol4lo4AsigfilS; Z',:et•••; • • '..:4•;:o4o.l4::?i'i:Vedf fineg..iter 14010'431.0*0.•:.;.4141"14ttig• ' t t4iitillnft;littia,&'Act6o6l4".tvt: ':.Neo4olooPti.P:eiti/110.411.00iPtiii; • ,i:ikt.:c.er . 4

===== 0002601_19160923_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY MIME

To Receive Warrington's Big

===== 0002601_19160923_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Cheque.

A VISIT NEXT FRIDAY.

Warrington's big chgtiue—over two thousand guineas—representing the result of the great Navy Day effort on August 17th, will be pre- sented to Lady Jellieoe, wife of Admiral Sir John Jellicoe, Commander-in-Chief of the Grand Fleet, at a public gathering in the Parr Hall on Friday evening next. Lady Jellicoe is expected to arrive at about 6.30 o'clock and will be ivelcomed on arrival by his Worship the Mayor as representing the citizens. She will proceed to the Town Hall, where .her Ladyship will be entertained at dinner by the Mayor and Mayoress. Invitations have been sent out to 'a number of guests. The ceremony of handing over the cheque will take place, as already stated, in the Parr Hall, during the course of an entertainment to be arranged by members of the National Union of Teachers.

Autumnal Convention Meetings. The Autumnal Convention in connection with the Independent Methodist Connexion will be held . Saturday, September 30th, at GrapPell: hall Chapel. The Convention commences ab 3 p.m., and at 6.15 Councillor Ilenshall will preSide over a public meeting.

Summer Time Ending. "Summer time" will come to an end a week s to-day. The Act under which the nation approximated its hours of work and recreation more closely to those of daylight by putting on the clock an hour at two in the morning on May 21st direets that the clock shall be put back an hour at two in the morning (Green' , wich mean time; three ('clock, summer time) on October Ist. • - Entertaining Convalescent Soldiers. On Monday, by the kindness of Mr. Warbur- ton, thirty of the patients at Thelwall I{eYs Military Convalescent Home were entertained at the Royal Court Theatre matinee; and Afr• Jackson, the manager of the Ilippodrome, secured the services of a party of this week's artistes, who gave an excellent concert on Tiles" day in the Conservatory of Thelwall Heirs' Mrs. Frost desires us to thank all concerned.

Harvest Services at Bold Street Church. - At Bold-street Wesleyan Church the harvest festival services are to be held to-morrow (Su11; day). In the morning the Rev. F. Hudson, foil in the evening the Rev. Percy meson wt.; preach.- The Pastor's anniversary is to be hew on Thursday, a service commencing at 4 p.•' and at 7.30. p.m. a public meeting will also be held, when the speaker will be the Rev. T. Turney (Liverpool).

===== 0002601_19160923_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A.

The Rev. •T. T. James presided at SundaY:! meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A., and Mr. Drevri";, gave an address upon "Personal IdentitY: Mr. J. H. Draper sang "Waft her, angels, t° the skies" and "A dream divine," these being greatly appreciated. Mr. W. H. Payton Pre" sided at the organ. Mr. McEachern also took part in the meeting. The Secretary men; tioned that Drummer T. Turner, in India, an', Mr. Yeates, in Macedonia, sent their Iles' wishes to the brethren.

Warrington Sunday School Union. Special meetings under the auspices of the, Warrington Sunday School Union are to be hel.n, to-day and to-morrow, when a visit will be Pill(; by the Rev. W. Melville Harris, secretary 01 the Young People's Department of the congre- gational Union. To-day the meeting is in the Wycliffe, Memorial. Hall at 3.30, to be foll°wed by tea at five, after which a tea-table confer- ence will take place. At 7 o'clock a Public gathering will be held. Teachers workers among the young are cordially invited. To-morrow, in Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel, a united scholars' service will be held at 2.30, tile speaker being Alderman Townend, of Middleton.

Sick Nursing Classes. The Education -Committee advertise a &es, for sick nursing to be held in the TechnicaL Institute on Wednesday evenings, to prepare women candidates for the British Red Cross Society's Certificate and an exN....4natlon reoog; nised by the Army Council. There is a ilemao!; for this class of instruction, and we are gla," the authorities have taken adequate steps 1° be satisfy the demand. The syllabus can. obtained from the Director of Education' Schools for women for dressmaking, cooker and millinery are also dealt with in the Pres- pectus.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Compensation for Loss of Hand.

It was reported by the Clerk (Mr. A. Bottonr ley) at a meeting of the Board of Guardians' on Wednesday, that a woman who had been engaged as a "scrubber" at the Workhoul had met with an accident while so engaged an had had to have a hand amputated. Her corr Pensation money amounted to ss. Id. per wee's' and, as she had four children under work'Pg age, the Guardians were paying her 7s. 6el-,,13' week for a period.—Mr. Flanagan endorsed tl proposal, which was carried, and he oxide, that he considered the were acting very ously tOwardS her. "

Compulsory Early Closing of §lioPs• The Government has deCided, I am' told, -532;5 the London correspondent of the " Mancheslll Guardian," to require the early closing of ' shops, during the coming winter. Subject 1" the existing half-holiday arrangement, the Pre- scribed • hours of closing are to be MondaYs.: Tuesdays and Wednesdays 7 p.m., Thursde' n and Fridays 8, and Saturdays 9. The presello , intention is that the Order shall come 111 t,, operation on the first business day after return to Greenwich time—that is, Metillq,.; October 2nd. This deeision has been taken 1 consequence of the failure of efforts made 9 commercial organisations in different parts, ee the country to secure earlier evening closl? by voluntary arrangement. The primary 01-1„"e of the move is, of course, the new lighting reg,"; lotions, which are to be much more strict" enforced next winter than they were last.

Pearson and Knowles' Postponed Meeting. the The annual report of the directors 0f Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co. P'--t been issued, but the closing of the balance sbeet,, is deferred pending certain financial aclitt ments. The annual meeting called for Tuesday will be concerned only with formal resolutions. and 'will be adiollr'-nt Dividends and bonuses to be declared represe" a total of 15 per cent. for the whole year. 'ir It is with feeling's of deep ,synipathy for t Peep relatives and of pride in tho patriotism of the ra r —in which they are confident the shareholdev,. will concur—the directors record that 252 Mee, formerly conneeted with the works; have i_beo killed at the Front, many more have 'Ll'ho wounded in ,action, and the total number iv have joined the Imperial Forces is 3,512. 6. re Mr. W. Peter Rylands is the retiring di tor, and is eligible for re-election. ' •

Rev. W. Hendy Cock's New 800 The Rev, W. Hendy Cock, late vice-pr P inekikli of Warrington Training College, has, thron"gi- , Mr. 4obert &Ott, Paternoster Row, 8.C., Plind lished a learned little book entitled ((Love a-b Cruelty." The love is on the part of our din% animal friends, who know more' and feel 'll than we give them credit for, and the cruel.Y is on our part, • and, consists of the manner ?I' which we oft-times return abuse for that IoA et ; Mr.- Hendy Cock makes various animals tel their own stories of their wrongs, and ill, iisC)s doing reveal the claim, which he charele;,—a by inference, that they not' only have a standard of 'intelligence, but also that tPezi_ have hopes in connection with the world I'd' come. "It is a tale of cruelty, love Ile mysterious power based on facts," and in "Ai telling of it Mr. Heady Cock empleYs,_lnun-n- -knowledge relating to such matters as tue tiquity and origin of horses, dogs, eat:s :an- other animals that could only have been a; is able to such n keen student as himself. f a powerful plea for a kindlier treatment,_2e animals, and as such we commend it rtn respectful attention of our readers,

lislied at 2s. net.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1916.

DIED FOR 1114EIR eOUNT*Y.

I very much regret to tell you that Lance- Corporal G. Maddock was killed in action on August 27th, whilst digging a trench with a working party. „ When I heard he 'had been killed it was a Treat shock to me, as he was one of the most relia:Ae and best men in the company. You. must console yourself in the fact that your husband has given his life for his King and;country." Lance-Corporal- Maddock; • who was thirty years of age, and the father of three children, was formerly employed by the WhitecrosstCo., Ltd. He served for five years in the Terri- torials prior to the war, and re-enlisted- two years agu next Christmas, and had been at the Front' sixteen. Months. As ,a boy he attended t. BarnabatiVehool. He was a good boWler, won several prizes when vfar..:ig for the Whitecro4s team. Mrs. Maddock has a brother and brother-in-law in the Army; the former is at present suffering from a trench disease and the latter has ''.leen wounded in the foot.

r 4 ,^-rN ;''t P. C. LEAP.

Secr.,:c::z o.llcll While In A Trench.

MN. Longshaw, 69, Catherine-street, has re- ceived news that her son, Sapper Paul Caldwell Lear„ of the Royal Engineers, has been killed in action. A Lieutenant wrote as follows: " He was killed by a shell while waiting in a trench to go up to his work. . . Sapper Lear always did his work -well." A letter from Sergeant Stevenson expressed the great regret of the section to which the Sapper was attached. The N.C.O. spoke highly of his cheerful disposition and good nature. Sapper Lear, who was twenty-four years ef age, .enlisted immediately upon the outbreak

WA. an4llheen in France nine months. He was of a bright and sunny disposition, always. expressed himself as being " the pink," when writing home. He was educated at Heathside School, and be-

- r.,.M.O.E.MEE:l6W:ligE,:i!::!i%.E;ElkE.k,4:FlfigiiiiiiFliiiii;,:ag ..4%:::::•s,:ic.":*4*,4"AE':ii.,:i;•::::::'• " - . ' e'r,,,,E;:::,-,..•?;:,,,::::::,,,:"':'•:•::::::::::,4::::,":•:•,,,'::'•:', • ........,••••• ::..:14%,,,,,,,...:..-$4:,?:§4.,".. .;• ... • •':••,1:::::i::::.:i.::::::::gi:E:E:'.:;::::;:i*:,i::::::::;:,;E.,::::'::i, 01:Ini:)..*4::.:}11.fEW.St:•" ....x ~...., .. ".::,f':it.:;WF.l.,:"lVAi::.i4i.L.''igi.::':.'i'•'le , •,t,:,,•l:,!.k'NV:iinc.W :• ' • ~ ~....: , . .:" ....- " ,'''.'f:Eiti:i%:Vii#:•iiii:3':•Pi.%.iioiiiiE:: - 'et*Er.T.•'l..,44o. .. •... .......Nix ' Stril•V*;.; ...VO" !.' '"' .....:. '- . ••• ' . .....' ;:;.1M,...,•44.",,t'S , . ,i.:.' ,:..:;.,ig,:!:::...,i:•,:::::::::.i:!:i*:* .. . ..... .. 4:CV1,41. iEl'}:.::''''.. : . 4."... :..:.11:•:.4:4:1:...:::::...:.:1'...::37:::"...:::s.:•:...,;,...:',4.::::::.,.'::::::::::::::::::..:„...}..;:::::.:i.i.:."::::.:::::i.:.;::E:',.:::',":::..:.:':..::!?:'':::;:.::.:.... ' ;Z:.+P.4,':.? .'' ~-V. •'' -:'• - ,i$,A4:;,:•••&:sira::: ..::'"*" : ... " ••',:•.).',,,•:',"...:•::•:•:.:::, - .?:,,:160.x. ..,...sEls,;, .... .i:iZ.. . . ..:, .mir., ' •:.•,,'lii3EAN:!;;;:i:l.:El'ii.V.:...s.''EF: *4 ak.:4:!::efr ,":•;-::::.::'• s',' 1':,,:',: iiiii:';,i ~:•:,:ii::,:::0::.• '.*'.. i':: ''' .....': .8i.:.1.:i:::::',.;.;::ii:i:3:::::5•::::./'.•.1.: ,;tEIiE• .......: ..:i:::: ..,..• , ~,,•,,,,„,gi;E:;3.,,,:::•:.:•:•;::::::::., - -:',:',",g.:•.`:. .; • -..i...<•:. ?, , .:,- .... .. ............•••••••• ••• •• -....10:.:14::?4,*,:,:........ . :,,,,i,,,,,,i,..,::::**:,,,::::::. ..,:•:).;.,:••;•,•:•-• ... . ,:,•••••,..1;:•,•;::::,•:•,:..:.,,,,,,,,, ::::::,...,,..:Nct.,,,,,,,,,:,:.:•::::::, •:•.1. •:::-,••••• • • ..., -...:.::::::::••••,. :,,,,:::•:,:,:,,,,::::::.,::::::::, ' .::::;.:„.,:.4:.:.i.:3?;77P.• '71....4.::.:>.'5g.:-:*:;;. ':.;;;;;;;•;;.'..... ...74,4.::,;::::;:„.:, r.,,,,, . .:::••:....?.. ' -::i:::::0:1''''""•::":::,:::***0:i:KE* • ...........:,i*:E::::::i:::::4_,:, . "."'...:,..:...5k,".:4•V0MP. ~.• , '•,'::xc,•,,,.:.*.5. •,?.::,;;,.?,,,,,,.. . • • • ••••,,,..7,\v...::, ~,,,,5,,,,,,,:•:..... 1.:4:. ::: • ,We.c.:z1::••:%:" '• ::-... :...-..,',,lE::::'''". ...i • ::: :a, . \\ ~ •,....,,,,,:::‘, •,....... ..• ...,....40...,:..e. •.. ' ,:.,:".i.:14*," ..:4:.**41:.;::.:;.::',...")t.'W.::•:..:... - :EV:E::':::3'i:.'i,l:Eiii'i*'...ls:!,:il,:.l„.4:"*:`:!•:::::..:" .:::::': ii,:::,,..:,i.:.::'1:.... '',:.;:.:...,4,..." • •'• '.•:::,::* , •'.:;1:::e11;;I:iiiMM:•.::::,Air: ' '''',"4.•:•.: -. ':. :.*P.,.N., 4\ "': :, ':::::::':: • \ .....::::`ls: , :.!',....*EiE....:"f1.:•,1i:::,,%:ei:::ii,iiiAr,.. ... ".:,.. .*"...,,i",.. ,":,,IFE...s?.ii,:s+ ....:5....;:::',..?;:i"::::13•....4"::..‹.:E:::,.. • .....,..4,,,,,,..:,:5:4. ...., ..... :,..... ..:,*,,,4:3,,,:E'&::::5. ",....,i,1,":"...:: "::::i:F:::i*::EE,...,:"::;": • . ~,,,,,,,,c4,•,',' • • • - .."•''','W- ' . ~,":„,..'...; , ..:g.::::1i0.'.'::"..:":::iif%i..5i:':•:..:..:...ii,.-i..g.Mig•••:. g 1:::...,,,,,,,, -.:,,::.; ."..:..,E,...i:. ..A:i.ri:::F:,:i,:. ',..,:i.",::::::::::::?::i.:::,:-.:....::...::i:"::•*:1::*:::',,E:::-:: :,' ; ' .....,.:i.iE,.:i5i.,....,.:,..., ..,,A:,?:,i,iix.P..-:.,„ ..•.:•,:,:.i..:.;::::•:::iiki:i:i;c:,:•::::"...,::::Mi,,:::.:F. :::/.. . ;;:.: '',.;*.i.if,".k..i'..i:.''.;:•'.•::,- ,:i?':....f7.......".,:::',...,,,::.A.::::4ift:"":•::"::::::::.:: ':' ~....t.f.,,,,,,.....::4..*:',1t::::..,":..::,:: "..", ::::iS":"::,:::,E:i:::::::::::,..."...,..f:::::.:,..:::.:::::::::::.!::::::.,;:::.......,::::::::::•.::...::..:.. . ..,..,,,,,,k0n.:::,3,:*,,i;i:...::::,.,. ;:*..:i:!:::•;,•:is:'.:.;:.:,::...,,,!.."..:::.•:•:;,...,.:*,:,::::::::::::::..:. ..:,,,,. , -:::- " ' ' 5'"%,„.3,:,,,,•::.,0,,,,5,,,,,,...,....:,,,,,.....,;,, fit5,v,...,:::::::,..,.":"...,..,..:.:.:'.:•..,,::".:.:,,,:,...,::::•:.:.,;::::::::::.:f- ..". . ~,,,...; ..,,,,,,,,,,,,..,,,...,,,,,,:.*:;::..wi::::?ni,',;•`..:,...:::,.::: "":"..:::,?!:'•i5'iti,.4:,A,.:,..:i::•:::::i.., : ......,..i.,..ap:**.!0.1m. 4....,?..:.,,,.. ::•,..,E;i:E,:::::.:•::i,.:,...:... ...,.:-. : - :::. .::::::E.:E:::::,..53i.:.;.:.:i:,.:*:i:,......-... .. : : ~„,:.fr ...„4„......,...„ ...,....:..,„:".. <.„..:..... ... ~ , ..: ...... , . . . ;;,0,, „..,..::".:43V.:::W.:A•i3i.:?..R.;;;:;i4,...-:`, ...,...),s, ~,,........,,...,:,,,,,A,",. .... -,,:-,5,.;:5ii:i::N..)::::?„..-:-.k.:4 4.,::::::,,',,..3' ~..1-....*.g.',•-•••••••., - ~... ~,,tfti..v.ti.•:.?:*0:4,,,,,,>.,.:.•::::::..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:::.,: :%•:::4...,.pg': '-- '' ' i.V:4ll$••Ai:. 1 s.- .. .. ~I:iii.WiNi:iii.k,i::Af,i. : 05,2*,. • ....,,,!:!:::::--r-''' '. . ~.:.:: ~,,:5y...,,,,,,,::.•,.-.?":Ori:.:::i::i.i:;:i :fte:TE:ie,lM::-:::::::::,,,,..;::::: :§O.: • -,,,tc.;s:„§::::::, ...,- ..:.:.:. s.. ~.. - . ....., .r,:..,.:...::::...,:,,,,:, .....,...,,,i,...,-ii,:;;..,i-&.liViii, v.:N.:§ii::::::RE•::' . . - - •.: -.....,. -,.., 551c.1.,.`ii,3,-;;::::;,,,,,,,,,,, 0.:::E:?...c,:::::P:i.::: .. . : .- - - - - , ....i.:, 6 .....,0;40.:..„:.;:;,,,..:::::::::::.*::,: ::::::::::;E:53.',:i,:::::.,::,::: : :'''• ' . . • . -.,:::E:;Esx.**;:sv..,;:m.::::,,:i::::,:;:. ..:::::,-,,,,,,,,:::::, , .

LANCE-CORPORAL G. A. MADDOCK. Killed.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Additional Local Casualties in the Various War Areas.

LIEUTENANT WRIGHT. Killed. ,

Arthur Wright, son of Mr. and Ars. D. W. Wright,B Winwick-street. 0 _ _ _

A -letter from Captain E. D. Baskin was re- ceived on Tuesday morning. "It is with the deepest Sympathy," he said, "that I have to inform you that your son was killed this morn- ing. As I haVe just last my only brother, I can well understand what a heavy blow this will be, and I feel most deeoy for you in Your loss. We, too, shall !greatly, miss him. At two o'clock this morninc, he was on duty with some guns on an advanced point, when a large shell landed quite close to him and 'a big splinter went right •through his heart, killing him 'in- stantly." A letter has also been received from the deceased officer's servant, in which he expresses his great sorrow and pays Mr. Wright a splen- did tribute. .

Second-Lieutenant Wright secured his conhmi- sion in March, 1915, and took up duties with the Royal Warwickshire Regiment. After pass- ing a test for Machine gunnery he became attached to the Machine Gun Corps two months ago, and then he crossed to France. He was scholar of brilliant attainments. After being educated first at Arpley-street School and later at the Boteler \ Grammar School, he went to Manchester University, taking his B.A. and M.A., degrees. He then entered the teaching profession. He first took up duties as clatQical master at Hutton Grammar School, near Pres- ton, subsequently becoming second master at Eggar's Grammar School, Alton, Hants. lie belonged to St. Paul's Bible ,Class and when at home attended St. Paul's Church.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE R. SMITH.

One Of Four Soldier-Brothers Who Was Only Eighteen.

Private Robert Smith, son of Mrs. Smith, 1, Bennett-street, and of the Machine Gun Corps, 'was killed on September 2nd of this year., lie

PRIVATE R. SMITH. Killed.

enlisted in October of last year, and went to Vranco on July 6th of this year. . Private Smith, who was only in his eighteenth year, first belonged to the South Lancashire Regiment, but transferred to the Machine Gun Corps. He was educated at St.. Thomas' and St. James' School, and was formerly employed by the Vernon-street Tanning Co., Ltd. His brother, Rifleman Joseph Smith, has been wounded, as stated in another column, while two other brothers, Private Charles Smith: of the Grenadier Guards and Sergeant John Smith, of the Inniskilfing. Fusiliers, are still serving; •

.*::-:-:: .4.,..,..i-.::::v:-:.. -,•.,.:.:-.', ~-. f:. .. :1 '.:. ' •-. . '.. • . ~.::-...i.i.ii...ii.::::i:wik ilki4ltfignait.....g:::::.'4..',,i;A:Zzi:ii''..::.:.-k..-;:''"..::::'":',..'"';'''.:'''':.:..;:"'-::::.''''1:-..i,f,ie; iit..e:::.,:..,.....":".r..-;:::,....'"'''''-:''':•: .....--,:.;.:.':-: '''':'.:..,.•::Y':.. - --...::::::,•':,::;•••.,',.,.;.i.,ic1i::::..',..4::;:• ''..ti..t.10=i;,:':::.,:,.. • 1.1.::'..-:.,.. -:':.::ll.:liiiiiiiii •,„:4,..,:::::"*.:-,: 'i:-:•!;:•:; :::::•:,,.itil:Ilftei.•:::: A.::::;-,.*:,:;Viki- , - • .., , --.-,:,..-.':',.,....-:. I- ~;;:iiiii.,..TYiii,:f,''''fiir*:-:'?':i: 4,,;. :A:::::::4,:,,,4'&-:$.•.. ..•:,-. ~,,,igT.7 :?..' „..,,..::::„.i.:-..:,,,.....,4,44,,,0?f,.;:.., .1":4114.',..: 4' ..:. ~,,,,...,:i,t..,.,,:..,.,..,.:•,..,:...i.,:., . -,.-,...: .:.::-,.'„,,,,,i::::..,,.:...5.:•::-..:A5c.,e,41 ,t,-,:.', . .t:-.Vv.,,.. , . ~... ~ , ...............,.........„.,.........x.,x, - ~ ~....0:.,:,:.::::.:....:....,.. :.:.,:.:—....,..: ;2*\*4::•:.l,:=Aft,..' .. .'7 '.'...':: .:::::,.................:,..,..-,::,...::::•:..,..n-::.:;.:`,:'„:.., :4;.ti1ie1.4k.f1tA.,.,::: .. -....:;,*!..7.::,1i5ia:::::P:',.':::::':•:;:',:. -t- -,•:,••,._::::,:4:4..k0t::::g4;:z....0.:,:•-,...:„.•......:1.,:'-:-•::•.:•.•:•.,:.':- --,..,...- :mi.:";•,:fr•1':,:;,:.;!,::i.;,:'0:,;.,•:::,...„•:.1,,!....47. 5...--,•.,•..,..... . •••:,.... ..•.. ~. itsiggiiii:.::::$7..,::::!?:::::::.:-...v.:/...:'..";:i•.:•:::!,:,...•••••••••.,:ii,,,iko.:.,:::: ...e,...,:j ~..,,,,..,,,,0,.,,,.,:;•::,r...,:',;:::•:::,.*::,,i,..,-.Ail...::::•.0:•..•,:•:0,,.•••:,,i:••:•••;,::;•...•:••••::c:-.4.....„..: •..,,,.•.•:.,:•01,.•::.,.....,.••• ..::11:.0.s..0.0:::T:11::::::,00::::op...,':::::-..,,,,,.....:,•,.•••:::•..,•:::ti•;,.••:-ii:,,,;:,,• :..::,....::::_,...„..,..4.,,,,,,H,•: ~•;,•*.•;...4.46,11;iiii,,,,,0..,,:,:1i,..:.!,.:.:::.:;:1,3%:,;,..e..,,,J,::::•••..:-..4••::.• ~,,,,,,,,,,,—•:, :,.:w.',., •,,,,,:5::•••,k,r,-- . s•-•,::•1:,.-• .....::: .....,,,, „Ne•••,,,,,,,„,,,,,,,:...,•.... -.4'-: -, • , •.-1...‘.. • --li•ft.,,-..• , • ~,,,, ~, ....• . 1 t

===== 0002601_19160923_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
"Our Day" Approaches.

There is to he a local ;colebTation of --Our Day ", by the holding .of a Cafe Chantant in Parr Hall on October 19. "Our Day" will spread itself over the whole kingdom and the Dominions overseas; in fact, it Promises to be the most completely organised 'day" that the war has called forth. By the success of the world-wide effort it is hoped that the patronage—given for the lint time to an appeal of this kind—of the King,. who, as well as the Queen and Queen Alexandra, is a patron of the movement, will be thoroughly. justified. Our Day" last year brought £1,400,000 to the Red Cross. It is the "day" of everyone who Las the spirit and intuition tb feel for the men Who are cheerfully suffering, fighting, and falL log for 'those who remain behind;. of everyone, roan. or woman, who, from .whatever cause, is debarred from a direct share in the contest of the nations. For those reasons, and no less for a host of others, the organisers of "Our Day" holis that this year will surpass the record, not Inerely of last .year, but of all other days. It is for Britons, and the Britons beyond the seas, to ensure. that they are not disappointed. Already 33.600,000 flags linvp been ordered, and tnatlY are being sent to Malta, Gibraltar. Singa- Pore,;.St. Helena, and other outposts of Empire. Window cards, which are being. supplied, will, lit is hoped, be hung in the window of every "se WhPrp a soldier or sailor has gone to Serve the King, and thus help to keep alive the spirit of "Our Day."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
. '

DIED OF WOUNDS.

CORPORAL G. H. COX.

Ex-Organist Fatally Wounded

In The Chest.

Mrs. Cox, of 33, Wellfield-street, has had the , Mournful tidings of the death of her son, Cor- poral Geo. Hughes Cox, Royal Welsh Fusiliers, conveyed to her through one of his comrades. Writing from France under date 13th Septem- ber, Lance-Corporal J. C. Roff, -Machine Gun Section, said: "Just a line to let you know that your son George, who was wounded on the 11th, is reported since to have died of wounds; and I wish to express to you the heartfelt sympathy of the machihe gunners in your sad loss. He was a pal of mine since be 'joined the South. Lancs. He has been with me nearly all the time he was in France in my team, and his loss is deeply felt.- Let me know what I must do with his letters, •&c., as I am keeping them. He asked- me to write and let you know what had befallen him. He was a true and faithful soldier, and was .highly respected by all." A further letter was received by Mrs. Cox from a nursing sister in a base hospital, stating that her son had been received and died there. He had been struck in the chest.

Under date 13th September, Second-Lieutenant H. A. Parry, machine gun officer, wrote to Mrs. Cox: "It is my most painful duty to inform you that your son, George Cox; has died of wounds. His fellow machine gunners and my- self were exceedingly sorry to hear , the news this morning, and we deplore the loss of such a smart and popular man. A short time be- fore he was wounded early on Sunday morning I spoke to Mm while he was doing his turn as sentry, and stayed with him for a few minutes. He seemed very—km on looking out for Ger- mans. Later on when I came back that way 3 saw him wounded. He was wounded in the stomach by a rifle grenade. He bore the pain Very bravely' indeed. We put him on a stretcher and he was taken to the first-aid post as soon as possible, and from there to the hos- pital. We did not think that his wound was so serious because he was so brave over it. I can only hope that you will receive some con-

solation in the fact that he died through re- maining at his post under heavy rifle-grenade fire like a trim British soldier. I sympathise with you sincerely at having lost, such a fine son; he was a smart soldier and machine gunner, and very popular with everyone who knew him."

Corporal Cox enlisted first of all in the South Lancashire Regiment on January 22nd of the present year, but was subsequently transferred with a number of others to the Royal Welsh Fusiliers. He was drafted to France in June, and was attached to the machine gun section. This capable young 'soldier was in his 21st year. He was a well-known footballer, and played for' Warrington Excelsior F.C., and wa.- a good all-round athlete. He was the secretary of, the Buckley-street -Methodist Free Church Mission, and organist of the church.

. . .. • - •-•••-:,,,,;i:•,,,,*::•:,,,,AK:*::;:Miiiiiiii,.:?:',:•:VOMil ................:ft:Oi§iiiiit:;i:i:wiEW.i:i'iiii;:iiii,i:K!':vi,MAlKs:,:,L•%,:*io.4fiVEM,i, ::.•-,l'::iVti•: .so*,,iVoAtri,:i:ii:i:•:is:.:ViiiM:*: •:::•o*:•;:,:gy.tm,:iiW...Kimift:::gi'EgacArtont:itvivigo:,eiaii3:.i: 31111:::.*i:,.,%::•::RiKli§it:i0::::omeo,:•. , ....r.;..:,..,.. . ..„.s. rMI ••0:11,11::!;.;;•::•...4,.....:..•.•.., . .....::,‘•::;,-..._:;$-,,ii:::.s...,,c:,...ki,,.. i.01,0:14.r.411.1. I ::06tilha•:.:s ...-!:.:*.. ~.,:.:, '..i.-i,..Nr:„. ..,:...:4:14.,,,1. :::,:. ;$44p:41:, 4ttsinic *AA.:.,e-.• •:<••::,•., ' --, ':•••••••::',..,?::::n:'''''''''' ' .., • ilk• .: - ,p.:zz,VA.Vii:::;,oiik ...e'•%::,:->\:. 4*::•stii, , ',.: .:-::::*.p...;'.• . • :.:: :.. `..:••:eiNk4Vg • \-4•1,.%•NMV: • ~'.:.-VA::::..,i,:.::::::: .• • -.•::"4.k,,,,,,.tr. ~.:v.:,:i.‘..,:.k:.:ix:.,i,im*.. . !-...4:iii,,iiiiii:,.::.::,.::,i,i:.::::.... :, • : ...h: ,:i...q*,,,. ~,,ce::.,. ;•;:i:::::::,;:::::::::.!:.!:!::::::::''' :..,..,,,,,,w........:..:,::::::.:., ...:., ~,,,,,w. ~:..:*,. i1ie1.""...,..........::::,,.., ~,,::::..„,,,,ii:,,,,t.5::.?::,i,,,,,,,:,,. r...;,•,-!:,.::-•_,,,...c.:..:,:.„ ,i.,.::".1.,:vi,Nit lik:::.,:i?..::::,•--Ag§:w.ii:',:i...0.:: *::::,:::, .. • :::i.::::::::.:.,:-.::.f:r'!-:::.'.:A:',.:..'..:!::..i,ii*,.;;;f:,;::::i:i.:::;.:::0.'.... . '.,::::g4t...,.•. ~.'l‘4:. ; p::' .• " . '4',.:-'::..,,t.'.---.:::4...',..?',:,',.:.0.1..:4.,P.•:..'. ..:AgiAzr,.-..--.s.' 4:::!..-4:....4.,?,.,:;,$.:, W.:',;;E::::. ..,',l,lo,:i§:i:i:E;•:* :, •*-4 -• • : ..-::,!]':,.ii:i:i:i:s.:if::K**,,.' .....,,,,,,k t•••:::::,:i:if..*•:::::::-::i.:*:- ::;, ,Ei,,,,ii.k. ,T:kikg,.:piti: --. ..•.:::::::::,i:i:y::•ii::giii•:ii::.iiiiiza ::,:E.,,,,..;;•:: ,::ii,:::.ff.ii",ii.:in: •. • •:,:iWiOi.:o4,:**:lo;.:4.:AiNiPKiiie .... ,nti,.., 'i';'i'''''''''':''''''''''''... ''j'i4.;'••:;.-I•teftNi2:4Z,,i:iioaitiaig:iißMii . .. ' ,',.filiatif,ii,:*.i.V?.'.4,..Ci4i::,':A•f,,:4,:::::::::.::::ZienEFen : • • k.. , •*f:-:',.Wfr.,....iKN'iriAT.si•§l::`'ile,:aki.•:•: n,.,..,:m ....:::X.:.o::::63WMV%Ali,..o:ol,x..::'.•..:'•':::iiniMianie •:i.'''':'%*::lMO:i:N.:-fti.'::::,;:ii§si.--.0.W:;:::.:..::,.....41111•:;:M0i:::Ni.ii'Vel 40,10,1,4mitA1g0.....,:::::::,:.:„.. .vspLik, ~..... ~.. ~....,.. . ~>.,......:. ..........„ . mu:'.0.... ~..4..05t mooptrsi-4.,..4,:::.:::4,..t.',,:....3.Q:v,i,,::. 1iv.7111111.1t'i.,: S$ i ~...o.kiih,ll;;l:ktrlP'.:. ..141111Nitiribi; 1.1.,::,,,,,1..,.,:;:,,,A.,,,,,,w0mi;:00:,,:;,.4,1,f0,,,•:,4%ft.i.i.,4;t:9.,::,.::::.::::::: ...:;.,:m.,,,

CORPORAL G. H. COX. Died of Wounds.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MISSING.

CORPORAL H. B3SCOW.

'Former Ryls.ld3's Wiredrawer Missing.

Mr. and Mrs. Boscow, 22, Ashwood-avenue, would be glad of any news concerning their sort, Corporal Harold Boscow, .of the Rifle Brigade, who was reported missing aftei an engagement on Angust 25th. His parents last heard from him on the 24th August: Corporal Boscow, who is twenty-five years of age; enlisted in October, 1914; and 'went to the Front in the following November. He came home on leave in December, 1915, and after "e- -turning to the Front, was wounded •in Febru- ary. He again returned to the Front after a few months in England, and a few weeks ago entered the bombing section., He was educated at the National School, and was formerly employed as a wiredrawer by Messrs. Rylands Bros., Ltd. He wasln good bowler and billiard

player, and, by his prowess in these directions, won several prizes. •

SERGT. BRADBURY PROGRESSING.

Wo are pleased to state that Sergeant Brad- bury, of the R.W.F., son of ,Mr. W. Bradbury, 168, Orford-lane, who was admitted into a 'base hospital, on September 3rd r—rterlng from severe abdominal wounds, is now in an English hospital progressing satisfactorily.

, • ~.,,,,,,,,,A. :::,,:.::,.*i:.::tii§irtle..::.iii4:::, :: . .. s,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:>?i:i;i:ni*:..l4::,::MWiiNi::.:iiiiiiKi:li.::::::::ii*Sekk*:,.:iii:Z•ii:::::k:i..s,h,,..i .... ' o,,,..'ins'if•iii,i'..P.i::ilii.NA.MaNia.:::ir:Miif*:*:ii,Li:::.lii.:Rdigg..:4V.n.:44ii::::::' ... ' MWOO:i:lii;:g§iißKlft:iol:l4-4,..,,:k. ..,:„,.„.:,,,.::,,-,„..,.,::,,,...,,,J.,„.:,,,,,,mtg.:4,..,:::.:,,,,,,,,,,*,,:-61..,,, ...L.0::,,:10:-,::: .-.:.,::,:.,::;,:.:,:i:,.,,,,,..,,,,,..,::::::::::,:-...:,:.,:,,,,,..,.;g::::::::i.:::-,:.,:fi,..7.:"§ fir,-• ,-....:::..,..,::.‘,..,..;;1i.:::i.::4::,f:iiii::i:ui:-:''...,+:-:-..:.;),1",..%:.1 **.k,;•,!!!:ip.1iak:.;':',,1,,.,...:-.;,...?.,',,‘.,-...5.1.. 1 ‘tlit*.li3P,c,,*, .. •:.,...-,,::.,:.;.,,,,:,:,i1,;:;5;tiii,:u.A,,a;:',.!:i:::.:.-cni0g,..;.4:,-*, • 41 ..:1,14.P.4'?, ' I.olEK:ii:F.iti:aiiikl.Mii.:Zol. .. • .::::::00:41a4diniAig.-i;::;;.,M144::;.4.n:' Ott,' .4i: ‘.v&...J A.*:R.V.i.''':*::rli.V!....:'.:::::''':.:.::-.::•:::4.-...4*.k... 4.:.:4,1'W. Aligetki g M .......iN• :4grql.:-.:W# ....,it ::.ATtililrei*O:: i1kitigi4:44:!:.:ii:1ti4L.,.....'.::....:1_41, ..-$4:1•4":::::.,,:::.i"*.-Ofk,,,,14V:::7,.' ; 'i.::.::.'/Ti?.WO , %.6.,,VillaflitiMegigt:- i:tlitViiltilf;4.. o..igia:igigiiittatlifget 0614::...;: .-Sti:l:lAll:i:':V.4,o•l:b,7,l[.„;R:je!:.:._:%:.f:,l4:t; .):4illini:%:,!: nin 4 .'e;4ll4:4>iiiiiiitt......:-..-VOTAiNnic., o.4.l',ATAl4ii:s...:::ale. (k:V.:?: : • .....,•: .• • :4:4:5: .:Skks:. .-.•,...,:, M.,:• ' : • , :':,::•,:::::::::,,,,M:1;-::.,K., rii,&::::::::.:::::,,§•::;-*:,',KAWIeliVaAV'''::::,• : . '-••'.:. ......:•: . -:s4; •••-i:'::*:*;;.:??..:::-...,,....,.r. .--ii, ....ii..iiNS:fig:o:si!;i:.igt;,:;•::::.:.:;'•-•''''':k.:....3i."' ''::...'''': ....' '.:'''' ''' ''.....;:'-';':°:'. ''''' .....,....... - .

CORPORAL HAROLD BOSCOW, Missing.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WOUNDED.

SERGEANT J: JACKSON.

Has Had A Piece Of Scrap-Iron Taken From His Lee.

Mr. and Mrs. J. Jackson, 205, Knutsford- road, have been informed that their son, Sergeant John Jackson, King's Royal Rifles, has been wounded. Writing home he says he has had a piece of scrap iron taken from his leg, and is now going on quite nicely. He is at present in hospital at Colshqw Hall, Cheshire.

Sergeant Jackson, who is:. 24 years of age, enlisted in September, 1914, and has been in France eighteen months. He formerly worked for Messrs. T. LoCker and Sons, and was an old boy. of St. James' School, also being a chorister in St. James' Church Choir. His brother, Bombardier Percy Jackson, is at pre- sent stationed in Ireland.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCE-CORPORAL E. BOOTH.

Fine Soldier Who Did Not Know What Fear 'as.

Two letters have been the means of conveying to Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Booth, 22,. Rhodes- street, the .news of the wounding of their son, Lance-Corporal Edgar Booth, South Lancashire Regiment. The wounds are in the right shoulder, there being five altogether.

The first letter from a comrade was as follows: "I am sorry to let you know that your son, Edgar, got hit this morning, September 9th. He was one of my best 'friends, both out here and at home. You must not upset your- self, because I believe he is all right, and I dare say he will be removed to England. He was one of the old brigade, who came out here in 1915.".

The second letter, from Corporal L. Gough, ran: "It would not surprise me to hear of him being in England before this letter reaches you. We were great pals, as you know, and there is no doubt about it, he was one of the finest soldiers out here, and did not know what fear was. My one regret is that I was not on the spot when he was hit, !7o that I could give you more details. I can assure you he will be sorely missed 'both by me and his comradvs, as he is well known for the good work he did when a stretcher-hearer, as he always seemed to be ready for duty at all times."

Lance-Corporal Booth was brought to England and now lies progressing , well 4fl hospital at Southport, where he was visited by his parents on Monday. When wounded he was blown into a shell hole.

Lance-Corporal Booth, who is 20 years of age, enlisted on the outbreak of war, and went to France in February, 1R13.. He formerly worked for Messrs. Peter Walker and Son, Ltd., is an old boy of Hamilton-street. School, and attended

Brick-street Mission. He was interested in football, and was a great admirer of music, he, himself playing a clarionette in the South Lancs. Band.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Shrapnel Wounds Lead To Amputa- tion Of Leg.

We understand that Lance-Corporal T. Alcock, of the South Lancashire Regiment, who has had one, of his legs amputated owing to severe shrapnel wounds, is progressing as favourably as can be expected. News of the operation having been performed in a hospital in Kent was received last week at his home, 112, Chester-road, Lower Wa/ton. Lance-Cor- poral Alcock, who is unmarried and 28 years of any was educated at Arpley-street School, and before pining the Forces was employed by Messrs. R. A. -Naylor, Ltd., for a period of ten years. He enlisted in June of last year, and was sent out to the Front after only. three months with the Colours. His brother, Cor- poral J. B. Alcock, has had the distinction of being mentioned in dispatches.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLEMAN MASON.

Praises Work Done For Wounded In A Wesleyan Hospital. The "Bath Herald" publishes some verses

written by Rifleman Steven Mason, a White- cross wiredrawer,- of the Rifle Brigade, and son of Mr. William Mason, 29, Napier-street, War- rington. It will be remembered that Rifleman Mason, who was wounded in severhl places, in- cluding his foot, had the pleasure of seeing the King and Queen when 'hair -Majesties visited' a. Weston-Super-Mare hospital in which ,he was then a patient. He has herd no fewer than nine operations with a view to saving his foot, but the dootors have not yet succeeded in •their task.. He is now a patient in the Kingswood V.A.'Hospital, Lansdown, Bath, and the verses -are in praise of the nurses and the treatment wounded soldiers receive in that institution.

• Kingswood School, of which the hospital is a part, is a school for Wesleyan ministers' Sons, and at the present time its tudents include two sons of the Rev. •W. T. • Derry, Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. The last verse has referene't to the fact that the Wesleyans have provided this accommodation;--- • Will the Wesleyans of, Great Britain , Accept Tommy's splendid thanks For the care' they give to Tommy And attention to his wants.? And When this war is over , • No matter where I roam, . I shall think of dear old Kingswood School, The place that gave me home.

i_i-I,44:.iii:HiAideri***V.;z,eoot#lrtft.e.o4sPS gia!?: :s. 1 *neg....4: :.V. •WAlNgkiktiegg,.': ~,,q;sus...:.. '.....;., -... • . 4:....,. ...„......Am.q.i§:v...'w i,.i1.g.m.:P,0_,:'..:n%., i ...• .1::,..:-.:;:..::: ....'::::4!.:-0.4.-t-k:::t!'.miiii .4%,-i..i.- ...,,,,,i....,,,:,......,„.. ....,...vmexlv-W.ili I i-:-..6t.i:*.4-:.0.:...::::,:e.:, :,...:-.::......,.........::::., ..t,-;,,,-:,..!,...-4,71f.mr. ~,,,... ...a.,:iwiw...?..fr ~..,,A7-.• ....:...• ~,, .. . -,:......30.0-:.v..-40,t,,: 1K..41.:q:Aetv:.gg'....'....:.*'.... ..1,4(''''.,,,,, -4.):-. •Xt.`,,A •.i. 1V024.‘„" .%,.: m .o.'" . -.f.eitvt,::4,kt>,..vsk, itwa tovem,,:mtivii:,,.: *-44041.r0dn. #.114ve:ww6:,:.: ~./, ,WitMr.--.:',...-:.-.:... . , f4t.W.fitA.::.. '... !...:.':.:..t....:.‘ 4 '',. ~ ...0.-., . , .-. -,... ~.. : ' :;:ii,. ),.. .c ; t: ..--• k . 14:' ".. • „. ~'',.?. • . ( :..... ,:',:;:Z•. ',l f•ix,:, C.: '.? ~: . . . '':',,. , ::107.'t; t...• ..'t , .11:4:4';i'• .. ~,,A:,,,;.,,,. .. :,.., ~.Z,A, .....:' ''.o- , • otjl7_ 1.:4.. i 4., • A ::;4:::.,::,:11,4,4ka;.::.:';'„P. •':;`'''• . . . . ~ ~.• .• •• • , -:: i ~,...:.iifm:;v'.*•;,*.‘.< ,),„*- ..•..:,:.** i . ... • . .:k ' Pe, ~,S.:VZ,'::::*:':•:, ' ' ).../4.;:,..:. • j: .• • :.:. .:.:4:::,.....?,,,, ' ..-.- • ^

I R.1V1.1.M.1N S. MASON.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE R. ROWLEY.

Poisoned By Gas, Wounded, And Suffering From Shell Shock.

Private Harry Rowley; • South Lancs. • Regi- ment, and son of Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Rowley, 57, Nicholson-street, who was wounded a short time ago, is now in hospital suffering from shell shock. He is wounded in the left wrist. Writing to his parents he says be is able to walk about a little, and hopes to return to England soon. He suffered from the effects of gas poisoning last rear, but was soon able to take his place .% il 11 1-h' -n-nrades again. Private Roww,,o, vrht, nqd belonged to the South Lancashire Regi,flent for four years, volunteered at the beginning of hostilities for active service. He is 21 years of age, and after leaving Wycliffe School he was first employed by Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd.,Thut latterly was the employment of the L. and N.-W. Railway Co. He was also .a member pf the Church Lads' Brigade, belonging to St. Paul's: Company.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE F. P. DONOVAN.

Iped To Drive havarians Bach Over

Three Miles.

Private Francis .Patrick Donovan, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Done Van, 35, West-street,- who joined the Irish Guards . a few months before the War began, was wounded September 15th. He took part in the severe fighting ea-Oy in September, and in a letter written three days before- he was wounded he said a parcel froin home , had just reached him on coming out of the trenches-. '` or rather, where there should be trenches." He added, "It is a very rough quarter just hero, and our fellows are still going ahead and bringing in Prisoners every day. I am just beginning to think, we are winning. It is almost incredible how the British `Tommies' are playing the game in the thick of it; every man is really worthy of a V.C. That is the way we. are smashing German tyranny!' - The next letter was written in a Red Cross train in England, and announced that he had got two bullets through the right shoulder, but would soon be quite fit again. A third letter stated that he was in a hospital at Wrexham,

and was geting on famously. He added: "It was on the morning of September 15th that the Guards attacked the last stand of the Bavarians at about 6.30 a.m., nnd after we had pushed them back about three miles and a half I got two bullets through the shoulder." Private Donovan, who is a piano and violin player, is 41 years of age. Before joining the Army he was apprenticed to Mr. Dolan, builder, in the joiners' department. Ile attended St. Benedict's School and People's College. .

RIFLEMAN J. SMITH.

.. • " '.o‘c "A:;ii.•,•:,:•.;;.•s.::::::.AM • • •,•••,..ww..04*?•.....,.,•:::::ftz,,,,,*:.,::::::.›.6 •••••.....::,kiKi:.*:•,:*:•v;,::::::,•:,:.••:.••,:,i:•.%,...g,*•.,.,::::::•:::::::•v.• ....-1 „i,..‘,.. 2.:.m...ziiii1i'fiftf.,:::::.::•:*:::::::,:i*...0.,...5.::,.....r:•• -. f0••••*<••.5k,..•,<*•....:,..,..:•:•:::,....4,... .i.e...,:z50., .',,•,:1•.,,i.:,:i:K:ki,...::i.,,,.*•••::.::::•,...i:*;::.:i:ii...:*::::::-:iii:...,.:•K: ~.••••,,5,,,w,.•:*,:.•:::•,*....i,::::::,.. ..-:',,,:%.;m::N.• ".. *•:::•1:::•iv•iiKi:.:g..:::.iiizi:Agi:::0•.:;:.:::::iw s ....v‘:.::::N:?.*:?g::.,;'E:,.pi4.g.i .z:1111.1111111111:11141,11::*'•:11,1111,1t.':;•4 %• ...1.i..,i.e..• • ,A..v.v,:e.:.:•.•-•.•,:•.:;.•,•4.:,....,•,........::::.•••••••:•:::•:••.:•::K.::.:::::*i•i::::::?:m:A:::•,?...:...::::::::ii,.:1:i::::•...:4,i,,,A..0,i :• • 1,1. ::••• :.:: ; ~•!-.:,..:....•••::.:::ii,,,,.::::::...:••••...',:•:•,:;'....f1:::::3."0;•::<••:,g45,:i:i.:3f'.::.-1•:::.%*': :1,. ••441:::••...*:K..::-....'::T.':.....;.1.:::::..::.•'•':::i'',..;"tr":;::::'4,,kti•1:::i .40,,5•ib...::::::...-..."..),..,.,...,..,....,.:1....-.;." :'.. .... .. 1.),..001g3 .Fita•ii.l.:.R...:::f..-...:-:'<:....„. :.-: . . ••?,00%--,i:,; .•,,,,,,,.....:,:. „......„,,„,.:::,.....„.....:„.• . .. . • ..,,,4„:.,.-5 .4..,-4 v...,0,,,#,...A.,,.....,.,.,:..,::..,..::':•,:....:•..::.-,,:...---7f,4!-,::,,Ak.,w:.:,•...,•,..,.:,:.:-, ..k .2r,f44.i:.;',0::::**-- -•'; --- ' . <::...s't:'••••••IM, :$:::,i.••••.:"4•tig;.:, .•:;,,: 0. -§1,:•e:;::.••:-•':: ......- • tv:r.-.'"' .1;:'!:.....$::4:::::::RO:,'::7404:14: ..'.. ....;4. re, ';'''..effk...o•q.,..-: . A.:..,-,. ..-....... ..:,......::.,:.s.l:ici..:iiit:igUiPi ..,.':",..,...4.:',"4:r14 ... ... -...-.. ,'"-.. ::':::•*Zi?;',i;:iiiaqlaniN:::ii:':;;; : ii:Ar*yr.,)? •:.,..C.V..... r 4 mg.- ......i..i,... i.: ~......,. ..,2,4 • :,::,./:.:,13::::::::...*:-....,,,i.p,.,..61k::K' t,:.,,*...:,•:::, • . ... . . ~.,"4. ~.;,:,::ix,:ii-x,3,?..::...A.:::;q:%! ,:i,,,%.::::. ~..".. ..... .::,....,:::.::, .. ..i.K. • ....".givA:::::ivi,.,,:mi:.::::.o :;:i:i::0:::,.. . :4?::" ,:.i':.'-'" ~.. ' ':*:•l4o§M:iiiX:••••iii:i:.,i,:,.:N* ;N:xi..,, ~ ..,- . : ':.. , 'li,,:i::q.;:iirNi::?;!•:.i.:::.i.:::i':',':%::si ,:ig.i,"•:::;,1'.,..ai 1:.'" ~.;.::::::.--.:...:: .... ; 1?,'.V.:::..i::..Viki...:3.:i.i:::iN:::-.:: i;:* . .. ' • :::::::.:•.".' ~ ':i',.!.:'....;W:...iWii.?ft?..•:•.;ii. • '44A,4:4 :•::::'4:•'' . •., ",.::,:ctiz.i.,A;i**:.**,,lk, . ,::::*:).::,::•:.,..• : ~.• •.• .....• • J •, • ........• ..,...... • '',..A.:::•:;i:: • .:. ' .......,....• :A: •• ' ,:•.::: 4:,;••• . - I. . .- ...:.

PRIVATE F. P. DONOVAN Wounded.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MISSING.

PtiIVATE A. GLARE.

Any, NeVin His Whereabouts Win Be Gladly Welcomed.

His commanding officer having written to his wife, Mrs. Clai'e, 39, Wellington-street, .sa4ing that her husband, Privatt Alfred Clare, South Ittueashire Regiment, had been woundei, and is /lbw missing, Mrs.- Clare is naturalfr very and iny new of his where- t es may be able to give will _abncx..ui anxious s aboutc comrades him, s, he gladly welcomed. A stretcher-bearer who was going to his aid said that just as he neared him a shell burst and he did not see him again. Private Clare, who is 37 years of age, for- merly worked for Mr. Daniel enoper, builder, Alexandra-street, and is the father of .five'ehil- dren. He was educated at the National School, Church-street, and was interested in football.

Schoolboys Raise £5O for War Funds. The scholars of the Parochiftl Boys' School, Church-street,, have subscribed the ;following sums of money since the beginning of the war : £l.O for the Belgian Refugees' Fund„ £5 for the Lord Derby Hospital, Winwick, £5 for the Whitecross Hospital, £5 for "Our Day" Fund, £25 for-the Prisoners of War FuAd. Parcels are Sent weekly to two old scholars who are prisoners of war in Westphalia'. The headmaster (Mr. G. W. A. Brown) and staff take this opportunity of thanking the parents for their generosity.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIX-ATE JOHN APPLETON.

Reported Wounded And Is Still Missing.

Mr. and Mrs. Appleton, 72, Ellesinere,road. ,Lower Walton, have not yet had any news of their son, Private John Appleton, who was re- ported as Wounded on •Auglist 2nd. Private I Appleton, who joined the Cheshire, Regiment. was called up in March, and is 29 years of age. He had been on active service since July, and was formerly in the employment of Mr. W. Monks, grocer, Moore.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLEMAN T. IL SKELHORN.

Wounded In The Chest And Mouth. Mrs. Skelhorn, who is 'at present residing at Malmsbury-place, Wilderspool, has, had a com- mlinication from the Rev. H. Traywarl, Army Chaplain, dated 6th Sept,nnber, stating that her huM3and, Rifleman Thomas Ilenry Skelhorn, is lying in 'No. 2 Stationary .11ospithl, France, suffering from -wounds in the chest and mouth. The reverend gentleman adzied that the patient was getting on nicely, and was receiving 'every attention. He hoped to visit him 'every day as long as he was there to cheer, and comfort him as much as possible. . On Tuesday 'Mrs. .Skelhorn • ,received an encouraging letter from. her husband saying that he was still in hospital and very weak, and there were no signs' yet of, his going to'Eng- land. His main trouble appears to be that he lost his shaving kit in the trenches, but added as an afttr thought that he was lucky to get away with his life. The action in which he was wounded appears to have taken place before the sth September. Rifleman Skelhorn is 34 years of age, and

===== 0002601_19160923_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
e:....,...,.......„0.,,,„,......,„...,,..,.......,.......:,...........„..........,,,::,......„:„.„.„...„:.„.„.„.........,..,:.:.. ...,....,...t., ...,..„..k.x.: ~.,...,..„,„,...:,..„...:.,........,........„,,,:,....::,...,„:„....„..4,:.,..,..:,......„....„:„..,,.,..,..„:, .. . .. , ..t..,it...:.:.:f.4....gW0.{.A1:X.W.§.%5:.:"4:..A.:::'..: t • .. ,A.. .1. : • ..O.;:f.X. .c. . ..,46.1.:i ~..:4 AkiN:k..,:::',34).0..4...,,, *.,... ',...eklt.Ok'. . .... • */4gr.:. ...atk,e''''''::;.::, '....:.'.i.,4W.::.:,4 " .... ;*',..,.,,,,,,.. _ •,...,';:**'..i.?.:.>*;.o.4kAr›,.' ....;.:.*?.„..i.:': • 1t41:44?4,e'.,:i':;.. ~,,.';'''. 77.'-' '''''': .-0f0.Pi%04:4,..,,‘'N3,k,' '.., Vi...WAV.V.h,"§N:Y..: ' . .•,...`.1,.. ' ;RVIGV.O::::' PVtVtr:;!.i.5i..:'..:•.,1:.4;.4;..,1.:'. '• : 1.04%i°5(1.06:614:644.',;::'+' :.,....4i.......i.'...t.. 4' .111 i. '.. " ~.4; :::.':...- . ; .":.. ,:. 0 ...e. › ..1.,,,,,:-....., fg.:.;.... ...:.........1.::::,..4::r: ...:. • 4.......# '' • .y. ~. ..*,..,...., , ..,,3.. , • ....K.— ~..,,,,A.":‘,:,..., . , ~. .• • ....), ,:::.... *Ws. . 0• ~ . N.,•.. Co ~ ,ii.r.'•*.g.A.5?1&.;•:.:0.: ..:: ''':;:4•l4. - - ; l'..`i".(..i* •.. 14;‘,A44,Y:... yl.104:, C#104.: : 0ifr.1..4%.•41 kie41.,:'•.;:t.;1';i4.::....':: r.,...,04t4r4 .4:ol44,ll4::;ltWirkFtt.:::.:. . .".•'..iiii.::::-.le.jfkit,;:ile; .';ftfite."4,e0W40.14•1:•k,...::.: ....4.;:g,...i,g4.:,- k.:,.'5M14,:::..,,t .. .. ~,.. • f...x•f.p.f5ie#,A.41V!,,.::',...,:' ,‘•::',..i......:.: .•••••::::.: Vis.:.':':' - . ''':',4l,:::::K, , ':,,t;..,„;;',1•,.N,,,rr:::5.'•!-:41:•,',••.:;.'•.%.?t:',5',..i,;•5:..,,, > .......,...,., ••.: '• ..:i';;;,.,....:: ~........;,.,,, ." v,:' ';';';',,,P...,:::*nii.:',..;•••;:::',..;'*.,;ie.:1;.>.?.?...:,?4,.,':4::::;:..: ii?..f.;,21,....:Ati..........p5.,..,f, ..,..;.,... :, , (41§.Wii...,:!•..1.•:•: K.r.t.:X;.-;'•44:'Aii:VY::::'.4,%•.fit',Mc ~;•.: :,?%.,:.....:":::...,': '...:,.'' 1:',......., ' s;'.:%:*.stfsi;':.:.':?.t.. :•01.;':?ef.t.::::44,a1e";..A...e:?..:;.:1'n:'...V:i:.• .f..,;:.:::', ~ itiNt4;',.•:?.i,..„:4:iiii:''.r..F.o4,:ikVilt. lik.• AA: ,;;:.'.1:.5.:<.i1i.;;. .::'N ...., , - ~..- ' •••';''N'' 4.,#•:...,,,.,,.4.. -:?. g. •.'s ' • ."...**."...' t' ' ~,,,,-;',,.,..0..A...'.,.......,: .A.,,,,.... • 1.".: t .' v<•..* • :1,...v0. ',...";:i.,*..,...,,,,.. ..4, . ' ‘ .:1t50...0:43,044k fe''',. , ....'. • ... •X;.A..... s..n ',0,,t: ',.:•".:•: 1- • .i. .:4:46;14MAAVA,.4:-.'4'. • .:10 ::::. ,s'i,fih: :Az 0 t43`.4 .:: ":1 , ,":'•:714%:C4i'iM4.r.4.4-10k 4•2>::. 45}0., ~;:fV.`;; fe*> t., . .4 .."<;?Al4.2.4.PYi:!'A':.:4iiiri.ttiNg,..4.:44l<ii.Mini.;:..?.:"s•Viniit. %..'.''!,, UtelilitiliktrW.::';::' .:::,%•,.:1,:in:?..A441:%:AVi,".Mi:.5...:.:.:::. .....::,,,,:,,...(*:.,:::. . ~:i,, .3,,,,,, .•i5.::).... .-6&,,,,,,A ......,..,' ;::,......:•.:1i.1.: ~....:4,,,,,,';•,,:k..,c..;....h . ~,,,,f. ..... ...,.. ..... , .....

RIFLEMAN T. H. SKELTIORN.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Wounded

joined. the King's Royal Rifles in September, 1914. He is a native of Latchford, and was educated- at St. James' School. ' Ho was a mem- ber of the church choir: •Previoueto the war he worked at Young's, basketmakers, and learned his trade with the well-known firm of• Messrs. Thomas Hutchinson and Co., hamper, skip and basket manufacturers. His brother, Sergeant Arthur Skelhorn, who was wounded at Hill 60, is the prominent footballer, and another brother, Frank Skelhorn, is now at the Front.

LANCE-CORPORAL T. ALCOCK.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
One Of Four Soldier Sons Wounded

In The Leg.

Mrs. Smith, •of 1, Bennett-street, has been informed that one of her four soldier sons, Rifleman Joseph Smith, of the Rifle Brigade, has been wounded in the leg. Rifleman Smith, who is 20 years of age, enlisted on the outbreak of war, and had been in France twelve months. He formerly worked at Reynolds's Tannery, and was an old boy of St. Thomas' School, Stockton Heath. He has had a brother, Private Robert Smith, killed, as reported in , anothef-Qcolumn, and has two more brothers still serving, Private Charles Smith of the Grenadier Guards, and Sergeant John Smith of the Inniskilling Fusiliers.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLEMAN JOHN FEENEY.

Received Bullet Wound In The Left

Iland.

Rifleman John Feeney, of the King's Royal Rifles, 44, Catherine-street, has been brought to Townley Hospital suffering from a bullet wound in the left hand, and he is going on well.

Rifleman Feeney, who has a wife and seven children, is 35 years of age, enlisted in Decem- ber, 1914, and has seen 14 months of active ser- vice. He was educated at St. Benedict's R.C. School, and was formerly employed by Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd.

" ... • • , -. ,:-: :".'"..;,4XV.....,:,<A; gin Vv•:‘...:4-114fiff.::-. ...:A,lPlivoltik 1 .-... i-4.....-::*1, ...„,:r.,:.4.,,,:v.,4 -:, ~,,,1::,,.;...1.-, fsk :.•., •:...L::.::.;:ii,-4..••••:,::, •::•.:.:::.i,vorLt..?.:: ~ ....!‘•:•,•,.-fit:.:::4!..!::•:1::;P;::.•:..:.:.:',....:•..'i:•••,•;;:',•1L.:;!:i..:r:'...::::Er'....::!!.;•••'..:41,:.',.'.1:Lii':.1.....''..!•.**H'E'•:•'::::-,::.i:..i......':';.1.....::•.:::::.::::::!:'..i'''::'.!:;',1,:::;:::!1:4•:.•14!•:1:%iii:i:cril .e • ~...t:,;••:..„ ',3;.f6-•,... ~.2.1.4 ...,mi:' .•:::•.•.,'......-J.:....••• ::,::.:,,i:-..•.,::;•.:::::••'. :::)...S.;:.W.44igk ' 'isS.:*•..P.l4 :k.:liNgft f.:4F::::.:2iNi..k:l'.!WV..t.ike ..,:;:?Att•11••!,•-'„:!:):1110,,'OZ.::::;iiii,i,;.;:::1:1•E:4,:;.:•:i.:•-kittlititi; • l''W,Xititli•.;:‘.4.loll4.4:ktelgilizilgt4tatt)Vilf: t ! r..•;•:.:s,tdS.t:lV.4:.:4PF,4C::.:!.Ntiitgikit,,. , :::.,•:::,mi:ii§.'q:ll:A.''.:?:llS.,••••,..l..aw:•.]:::ii4;• •'::',•,•z-N.i.,,::,'.. AiX*.p.::: 7...,;‘viir:::•i:.4l,l"';.*,:::?.AM:i'.'••••:;*::::'a- •-•ii:;:evA4/0,'.:• 'Fi''k..!'."'1.:.:•401.:•*•••:$0:•.":10:4.i:•:A:r.':::":''''''#N::::.;.:•:::•;...-;..• ..V... ,:'Z:;i;;';'•:•.:4PI::*N.i.:%.1:..::::*:•0:-•.:::.:.,. • .'".•:::;:n:Migliik:i:•:i:::.:.:',.":;':::::::.'. 'ii:4::-.c:::,.'.'•:.i•.A•k,,:.*:1-1it,''•;".,....%.;Ai;.,..Z.1.:•:.:::5, 'ii„.:,.::.: • ....'•;•::••!ii:$k::.::::,..,i-ii'.A...,' 44,**•Ank•VMK:ii.f.*.::::::;f,0'...;'i;:.:,;... '..f.ii:4'. ‘. : . -•:T::::::,::ZiNV:;:;ig•:%i;i::..' 44.t.'.......g,•;::.'::kk::..f.e'kW:•';i':•••::':'':; -...':::;.::,:.. . -:::;;:::4.1:::;M:OT:'::''. -; • • '::::.:,10.Miki•l::.•§:%::::.C::.:..:ii:X•,;:;.. .:1,...-.. ' ::':': ' ' . ..v.113**::::::a:AiriMli•::::;': •4::•:.1 . . •:...:I.:.:;•:t•`:::.MN,::':•.*:•'*':';',..„. .:-:',;,;•:':':•-;i.- •::.:„'"s. • • :::::. •:•1..:Arim.i::..,:::::::,:5:i..i.,:::...:•:-§•:.,.,i,.•:::::i*iitt. ~ . - ,1,,, :.: .i•-•-•'4 -,.. ::ii.,,,:e:kg:,,l':::-'4K:.•••i.i.:•:;:::0014!...::: ::.. •• , . • .•:,.• :,:...„,....:„........... •••••• ••• ~..• ..... .

RIFLEMAN JOHN FEENEY. Wounded.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE H. S. BAILEY.

One Of Three Soldier-Brothers Wounded.

- Private 11. S. Bailey, South Lancashire Regi- ment, whose home is at -6, Church-street, has been wounded in the right arm and shoulder.

Private Bailey, who formerly worked for Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and 'Sons, Ltd., is a son of Mr,. Bailey, of Stockton Heath, and is 32 years of age. He has played football for Warrington, Runcorn, Stockton Heath and Cadishead teams. He has two brothers also serving, Sergeant Clarence Bailey and Private Albert Bailey.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
PIM t;. A. APPLETON.

A Richmond's Employe Has A Hand Amputalvd At The Wrist.

The relatives of Private George Adam Appleton,, South Lancashire Regiment, who resides at 4, Hart's-place, off Bridge-street, have been officially informed that the Private has been wounded. His relatives went to see him on Sunday and found him going on as well as could be expected, he having had his hand amputated at his wrist. Writing from a Northampton hospital, a sister said that he was very cheerful and that she hoped he would soon be well again Private Appleton, who was called up under the Derby Group System. in February of this year, and had been in France five weeks, for- merly worked for Messrs. Richmond's Gas Stove and Meter Co., Ltd. He was educated at Heathside School, and has a brother in the A.S.C. and a cousin in the R.F.A.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
"MAGGIE" MISSING.

Fruitless Search For A Beautiful

Warrington Girl.

EVERYONE INTERESTED.

" Maggie". remains undiscovered. In the official casualty. list she would be recorded as 'missing."

Last week-end, owing to the publication of her photograph in "The Examiner," "Maggie" was the talk of the town. It will be remem- bered that during a charge a dying comrade gave her photograph to Private Oldham, of 33, Ellesmere-street, and „asked him to give it to "Maggie, of Howley." Like Private Oldham, everyone joined in the search, but no one could locate her. Those fond of a pretty fate and the romantic 'constituted themselves into patrol parties in the hope of finding her, but all to no krpose. The latest report is "Still no news of her.",

Whether she ever graced a house in Howley has not yet been established. Had there been Women's Suffrage one might have been helped by the Voters' List. But that she is not in the district now is beyond doubt. With her face as the, target of every .eye, she could not move undetected.

Few people have refrained from looking tor .her. Hunting for a girl is invariably interest- ing, if she is good-looking like !` Maggie." It is much more exciting than following the hounds. Frequenters of the town have been most fervent in their devotions to her. Not a girl has passed by without being subjected to a facial scrutiny, which has proved fatal to the hope ,within them. Before the " Knuts " turned out 071 Saturday evening they were extra careful over their toilet, lest they should meet and their charms should not match her's. But the " Knuts" no more attracted, her to Market Gate than the policeman. She was °aside the orbit of their influence.

To everyone on Saturday the one question was, "lave you seen 'Maggie and in places where the people meet for converse and conviviality a toast to :the absent one was honoured. .Some vf the barmaids were re-christened -" Maggie," mid, glancing at her portrait Once more, gave the "long pull." for the compliment. - • • : It is not Our fault that she goes undiscovered.

One of our observers called at Private Old- ham's residence, 33, Ellesmere-street, yesterday- afternoon, to see if there had been any develop- ment. Re had hardly drummed his knuckles against the door when, one after another dozens of other doors in the street opened, sand the eyes of many ladies With Friday-afternoon- blacking-the-grate-appearances were directed towards No. 33 on. the chance of learning whether the interviewer had news of Iler. "So you haven't found her," remarked the lady of the house, after, in depressed, jilted-like tones, he had told of Ills failure. "Neithe'r have we," she added. "We are awfully disappointed. A lot of people have taken au,. interest in` the matter, and we have had several callers asking whether she has been heard of." In Ellesmere-street and district the story of the missing lady has caused much excitement. 'Every shop has been transformed into a con- sulting moth.. The most curious part about the whole affair is that not a few people fancy they have seen "Maggie." Perhaps the explanation is that it is a compliment to oneself to mention that one knows a pretty girl. We have a theory that Private Oldham mis- understood the directions of his dying comrade, who', after all, was in a Liverpool Regiment.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
HIT IN A CHARGE.

Rifleman Parkinson Describes Experiences Graphically.

"A HELLISH TIME."

Said by an officer to have been in an action, as severe as any in the line, Rifleman Herbert Parkinson, son of Mr. and Mts. William Parkinson, 102, Bewsey-road,- who. now lies wounded in a Dublin hospital, has written a graphic letter relating his experiences. Rifleman Parkinson, who is 37 years of age,.

left Warrington in 1904 to take tip an impo-r-- ' tant appointment with the Surrey Education Committee. He is an Arpley-street "old boy" and before. securing an engagement at the Warrington Education Office was an assistant at the Museum and Library. He was also asso- ciated with Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, being a member of the choir, and was well- known in musigal circles generally, being at- tached to the Musical Society and • Male Voice Choir. His interest in the art never flagged, and at Kingston-on-Thames, where he resided, he took part in several operas, interpreting leading characters with conspicuous success. As a letter writer he: is excellent.

"I am so pleased to be able to let you know am still alive and kicking, although I have Lad a piece of iron or steel in ray head. One iece was taken out When I arrived at the

iressing station from the 'trenches (a piece of

my helmet) and the other piece (shrapnel) is still inside my knapper.' I expect to be oper- ated on next week, probably Tuesday, 26th inst., and then I shall be all right. "Well, I have had an experience' and no mistake. For many nights we had to walk four miles there and also four miles back from the trenches to assist the Canadians to repair

trenches and make dug-outs. It was there I really came under fire, and at first I confess I felt a little uncomfortable, but in time I got used to the whiz of the shells coming over, and the flying of shrapnel pll about. Several of our chaps got wounds, but I, was one of the lucky ones to come through scot free. It broke me in finely, and I was prepared afterwards for the hellish time.. that was to COW. , '

- - "We then had ,two. days in the train to an- other part of France, and we billeted at for two days. to give us a rest; then on we went for another long march up .to the reserve trenches.

"Then the ,business started in earnest 'We were in some old German trenches for the first ,night, waiting for morning, to march to the next trench. At midnight a shell or two came over just 50 yarOs from me, and buried ten Of our chaps, wounded eight and killed five. We dug out the ten, managing to get five out alive. We moved on in the morning and got to the

valley, which the men nick-named 'The Valley of Death,' and it was and no mistake! The English had pushed the Germans back abeut three miles two days before we arrived, and therefore 200 of us were detached to take water to our soldiers over the old battlefield. What a night! Although it was dark we could see the trenches were heaped up with German dead, some just coming out of dug-outs (I ex- pect they were killed by our.bombs) and others all lying over the fields where they' had fought their last. I was very glad to see they were Germans; in fact, the English dead were , very few.

"Well, we. went down a valley, up. another hill, right to the top of the crest: The Germans sent up their shells and we were subjected to • about 15 minutes' severe fire (shell and rifle). We all got in- shell holes and came out very fortunate, got the water tO the camp, and walked back as quickly as we could. • After• doing above for several nights and other work we gradually worked. our way up to the first , line trenches. It was hell, and no doubt. We got in the communication trench, but the Ger- mans discovered us. Then the shells came thick and half of were wiped out before we got to ,the wood where the trenches were. Up and down the trenches we were run until our 'chaps were in position, and then didn't we give them gip! "We took two trenches all Iright, and were just going over for the third time when a shell burst five yarcjs from me. I heard it coming and dropped on the ground to avoid the shrap- nel. It did not come off. I got a piece right through the back of •my helmet, knocking part tf it into my head, and then going into my napper,' and is still there. The blood spurted out of my head, down my face, and then I thought it time to get back to the. dressing station. When I came to myself I put a bandage on the wound, and then had to make a dash back over the trenches 'we had taken'. Shells and rifle fire were everywhere, but I had to risk it. I waited some time, and, when things eased down, jumped on top of the trench, 1, made a dash for the nearest 'shell hole, . and waited my opportunity. for, another dash. My heart was in my mouth, but I went on repeat- ing the job, ' until I got,/ to the ambulance. dug-out. I had my head dressed there and then, was told that all the stretcher-bearers were wiped out or had gone with other cases back beyond the fire zone. I said I would endeavour 'to go back by myself, so three of us walked in stages. It was three miles to go, and wasn't I glad to' get there! They were exceedingly kind to us, arid then I had, the piece of helmet taken out of my head, had it properly bandaged, and was put in an ambu- lance after ha,ving had something to eat.. By stages I •arrived :at Rouen Hospital and was: kept there for five days. They fed me -up (breakfast, porridge and eggs; dinner, chicken and rice; tea, bread ,and butter, jam, &c.; ,Supper. cocoa' and bread and butter) to get my strength back, gave me cigs. and grapes, &c., ' and we had a tip-top time I had may head X7rayed, and then made for `,Blighty;'. 'but' I• have arrived in Ireland. I am very hakppy here and well looked after. The Irish nurses are very- kind and have done all they can for 'us_ Of course ,the food'is plain, but good, and we shall not do badly 'on it."

••• •:•„......* 11:.:414 :•.N.Aittl..l.iii. 1, ;,..,,7..v:..*.- 14'17.'•.::iii :::::';;•...1 ilio•-:-•:':.:4., i,4'-'7itt-'"+•°%:t.:',oe.o.:::::::;.'t:l4Alikk,t. gvik.l•,..‘"",:s-.,:' b' ~,,:.•:*.'''',-,-.4,,,.,:,,,'„ii;->,',:'4.:-:%:4,..-,,* ..- 1ig4..,,,ti,7.i.:...:',,•,..:- ', ....,:;:.,,,,t4t.0.)-1..q.0.4,...wq.,•,. 414..! • •,•,::•?0:,„0„. ,:,:•*•,-: ,-.4.,,,,,,?,:, •,,:.. • ;•Nvi iiki.'.:„.:7:::-:.::,*ro. . ...-[::,•-:.;,,.'4','.-.1.4:.•••444:1:]<v.:1,,, ..%,-,.,:.,":,";14, ....: • 4i!,.1w, ...,...,,..,.!,‘ '....i...liczEostotrt:::*.::k..",k Ittkl.lt ;- e.. 1'iiii419:1•14:•":*,,,,,--'' ''. 5x:k:•,,,,,.....t -,,,,,:;:,,,i,,,,4,:i.j.44,:•••-t.,;:•1...., ~,:: • .:,:: ~N Lttfeetk, -..:?;:.11:•1•04... •:,-..., „.4t,,,',4ci.liiiAi it...,..**,,,,:it% . '-'.. •••'A...A.A.Z..,.4.*.t.*1ii4 iu.,......k,t01it•4•'•.:,• 2:•:;.,At...,.! ,t.,,,:. ,s,t'•J:tii(q.,:';',4* !ft .;.....,-.-Ntit., -I.4intq::4:4o4.4o•MAtt .:,:..:-."4:,.,..,.' :•:,:‘,:titnipk,:itils.utke ),./.::...-..,::4::..,.: ..,*•::. • :..::,:. ~......4100#4:N4-kA;... ,ftitgi44.f.,••::!:::-:. .:*'‘ ...:4A:144:4*01.7:,..,`.:::-:.:::- 1,,!.....•...:4-,i,b0k.',.N.!:.:1:-4-:,;::.::,::0,;.114:',.:.',:'-::!.,..;-- - ',..1.2:.•1; qi:.,r4T, .f.,11.:::;• :.'.,....:::.:E.:;::.i11k:4.?.::•"''' : ' . . ;i''.:P....i •:iti:.'411:,','...:.,.4.1:.: -. . ' 4 .„...„....:,,,.:. ex,„ lit

RIFLEMAN H. PARKINSON. Wounded.

!fit

4 k ;

)1.

• - • .

• 1

,

'f • t • • '

!} 1: 41 1!.i.;

":1!

===== 0002601_19160923_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
" MISS9NG."

Suspense in The Case C Lance- Corporal KnoMes.

The uncertainty and suspense attaching to the fate of Lance-Corporal Robt. Parr Knowles, King's Liverpools, son Of Mr. W. Knowles, 14, Hewitt-street, is still further complicated this week by the receipt of a second official notifica- tion that lie has been "missing" since the engagement on the 30th July. It will be remembered he was first "unoffi- cially" reported killed on that day, which has been partially confirmed since by the return of letters -marked "Killed in action." But the War Office reports do not confirm this, their first report being that he waa" wounded" and the second one as "missing," both conveying a gleam of hope, which possibly may yet be realised.

1 - #,:',l : - ..`, » vi. :r 1 , ... -4, :.„'-: , ,-i .-,: -,, , . -.' r.i' 4 -14 '-' 4 -5.

' I

4

t..,..''.,.-:;:,.. ..':!', frf.,-:4 .'...: ~....,i:,,...z.i:

===== 0002601_19160923_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
• V': '. : ' . . z . . • 6 , THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1916. . , . __

I

E _

P

I;

5

IfJ.. 11:iti,t'll : . . Cr it 1 i ;.f......f..,',..,. t,

I

• ; 4:t : • r 1 1: ;4‘ 4 4:1 ;

;; 3 4./.li*.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKES WEAK PEOPLE STRONG AND THIN PEOPLE FAT, OR MONEY BACK.

•

Chemist's Remarkable Offer.

That -nitro-phosphate is an unequalled and positive cure for sleeplessness and nerve troubles is now universally admitted by chemists and medical men. Further proof of its wonderful value as a nerve food is found in the recently published report of an eminent specialist, who states that the outstanding feature of the thousands of cases investigated was that, in nearly evety instance, in addition to complete restoration of • nervous vitality and mental vigour, the patients reported a remarkable increase in physical strengtn and endurance, and an increase of from one to three pounds a week in sound, healthy flesh. In view of the con - elusive proof of these unusual merits, a leading British chemist has arranged to put up pure Bitro-phosphate in packages of 5-grain tablets; giving with each package a binding guarantee to return the money to anyone who, after regularly taking a 5-grain tablet with each meal as directed, is not satisfied with the results. Sufferers from nervousness, insomnia, nerve weakness, thinness, and lacl?.` of strength are therefore strongly advised to at once begin the use of Bitro-phosphate, the nerve food and flesh- builder, that is sold by 11. M. Ashton, 63, Sankey-street, and other high-class chemists everywhere, under a binding guarantee of satis- faction or money back.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WERE ENGLAND FRANCE

WARRINGTON LILLE,

Why We Should All Join The

Volunteers.

By S.D.M.

Entering Bridge-street, Warrington, the other day,, my attention was arrested by a large poster which stands near the place where that memorable drawing of Nurse Cavell used to stand, forcibly calling upon all eligible War- rington men to avenge so ghastly a crime. This poster is of an entirely different nature, and simply bears the following message:— I t is the duty of every man at home to join the Volunteer*

How true! How clearly it tells us our duty. Although I have been a Volunteer for some considerable time, I honestly confess that until I read that poster I had not regarded my mem- bership of the Volunteers as seriously as I ought. I had gone to drill'time after time simply because I liked it, and not because it was my duty. Automatically, my mind seemed to travel to our dear lads out there, those dear brave lads who are fighting so treacherous an enemy and so bravely suffering the horrors of war, for you and me, for right against might./ Strange, But True.

Nine-tenths of the people at home who, through Tribunals, starred trades, over age, &c., have been exempted, are content to walk about doing nothing. What would you do if England were France, if Warrington were Lille? The horror of it! Warrington, our dear old mother town, in the occupation of so vile an enemy! Children torn from 'their mother's side; girls of tender ages sent to no one knows where; men going -about the streets carrying their lives in their hands, not daring to offer resistance, knowing too well the ghastly penalty, for a shot from a civilian may mean the whole- sale murder of the entire population; no one allowed to have a mouthful of food until the Kaiser's- gluttonous soldiers have had their fill. Fancy it. It seems like a horrible nightmare, but it's true, too true. That is the condition of things in Lille to-day, and the same would apply to Warrington, if England were-Northern Fran.-:e. The Fate of the Non-combatant.

I am not surmising for one moment that the same conditions will ever apply to us. God prevent it. But remember we-are still at •war. and the enemy we are up against will stop at nothing. Nothing is too low or too dirty for them that would assist them to accomplish their heart's desire, " the invasion of England.:' Thanks to our gallaht lads in blue it is almost an impossibility. Let it be truly recorded here, and impressed upon the minds of all liable men who chance to read this article, that in the event o fan invasion no one who is a non-combatant will be allowed to take up arms to defend that, and those he loves so dear. He will have to stand by and allow things to take their course. Naturally he may be called upon to do such work as digging trenches and burying dead, but under no conditions will he be allowed to take up arms. This is one of the outstanding conditions 4et down in the Hague convention, and England thinks a little too much of her honour to allow her subjects to break so sacred a vow.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Be' a Volunteer!

To remedy this and give every man who is, ineligible for his Majesty's regular forces a chance to do his bit, the Volunteer Training Corps have been thrown open to all. By taking a solemn vow to bear true allegiance a civilian instantly becomes a soldier, he is given all the advantages of a soldier of the line. By sacrificing an hour or two each week he will be able to prepare himself, and if the worst comes to the worst he will know how to act. Let the men of Lymm—and Warrington—respond as eagerly to this appeal as the youth of Lynim— and Warrington—did to that of the late Lord Kitchener.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER ORDERS.

Warrington Company. Headquarters, Drill Hall.

ORDERS FOR WEEK ENDING SEPT. 30th, By CAPTAIN W. PETER RYLANDS, Officer Commanding.

Officer on duty during ensuing week.—Lieut. F. V. L. Mathias.

Orderly Sergeant on duty during ensuing weeks—Sergeant Garside.

Orderly Corporal duty during ensuing week.—Lance-Corporal Ryder.

Parades.

Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.-8 p.m., Headquarters; Rifle Exercise‘Semaphore and Physical Drill.

Short Route March.—Sunday, October Ist, 2.30 p.m., Bank Park; disperse 5.15 p.m.

Fire Drill.—Thursday, 6.45 p.m., Fire Brigade Station. '

Musketry.—Tuesday, 6.30; Wednesday, 7.30 p.m.; tegh-street Range; all ranks.

Memoranda.

1. Fire Brigade Duties. Squad No. 2 forming, detail of duties, &c., from Sergeant C. H. Page. 2. Uniform Account. —The C.O. calls attention to several cases of unpaid amounts and expects ...-further payments at an early date. . By order of the above, (Signed) W. ASHTON, Acting Adjutant.

The Young Angler. Pa: "Didn't you promise not to go fishing again?" Freddy: "Yes, sir." Pa: "And didn't I promise to whip you if you did?" Freddy: "Yes, sir, but I didn't' keep my promise and I wcm't hold you to yours."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
- .....- , ,_.. ..._. _ ~,,, - . _, ....., .„. , _., .„. ~ ,: _.: , : 10. ISTRICT . .c EIVS i• ....-...._, I ...,.. ....._ _. -.,

LAY MM

LOCAL FACTS AND FANCIES.

By CRITIC.

The allied feeling i as keen in the workshop as on the battlefield. .

A Belgian refugee was this week the recipient of a beautiful silver cigarette case as a token of esteem from his fellow-employes at a local munition works.

He left them to join the Belgian Army.

As-I anticipated last week, the soldiers' con- cert went off Al.

I . People came from far and ,ne'ar to witness what proved to be a most extraordinary enter- tainment.

Even the good old " Examiner " landed in the first line of trenches.

• "Our hospital," plus the author's vivid im- agination, was one of the principal attractions.

Sergeant coreoran made a fine hit as the Matron. •

His acting was splendid, and the part he was called to play suited him down to the ground.

Corporal Heath, as the Doetor,*exe.lle.d him- self, and his quiet way of turning the patients over to the matron's own kind jutlgment caused endless rounds of laughter.

Private Fairfield, as, Jerry, was here, there, and everywhere, and certainly was the most popular comedian in the cast. .

His sly way of making lore to the nurse- girl fairly tickled the enthusiastic audience.

The splendid result was due to the splendid management; every soldier had his own par- ticular work to do, from stage manager to call boy.

The matron herself deserves a deal of credit, for the entire show came Under her own able management.

What did the Sergeant Matron mean when he advised his patient to be very careful about choosing their company?

And his continual remarks about the seat round the corner?

I hear that there is to be a repeat perform- ance this afternoon for the benefit of school children.

Three Septembers! What a coincidence

A local soldier reported wounded this week, enlisted in September, 1914, drafted out to France in September, 1915, and returns to Englancl-Wounded, in September, 1916.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A JOY RIDE

With Unpleasant Results: Police Court Sequel.

The Hon. J. E. Cross (chairman), Xice- Chancell6r Dudley Stewart Smith, K.C., Messm John Coxon, H. Holden and F. Lockyer, magis- trates sitting at Lynam on Wednesday, heard a 'prosecution under the Licensing Act which was somewhat unusual in its nature.

Two men hailing from Altrincham, named Harvy Arnold, painter, and William Jackson, labourer, were summoned by Constable Bison far being drunk on licensed premises on the Bth September. Defendants denied the charge. Inspector Brewster prosecuted.

_ Mr. Joseph C. Gough, licen.ee or The Jolly Thresher, Lymm, stated that at about 8.50 p.m. a taxi drove up to the door and the driver and Arnold came into the house. They were both drunk, and witness absolutely refused to serve them. They refused to go out, and said hey should have a drink, or tobacco or something. The taxi driver went out, but Arnold refused to do so, and was abusive. Witness went to get a police officer, and when he returned Arnold had gone out by the back way. Jackson was in the car and witness could not

Arnold: All I said to you was, "That is how you treat wounded soldiers."

- Witness stated that Arnola said he had been fighting at Mons or somewhere. He called wit- ness a German and said he should be under the sod.

Mrs. Gough corroborated her husband as to Arnold's condition. The other defendant, Jack- son, also came in and asked, for a glass of whisky and soda, which she would not serve him because he was drunk. She told him to go out and he did so. The two defendants had gone away when the policeman arrived. Inspector Brewster said this affair ,seemed to have been the result of a joy ride. The taxi driver was locked up and charged with being drunk while in charge of a motor car. He was fined 205., and the magistrates expressed the opinion that these two men should also be brought before the Bench. Arnold said he was not drunk on that occasion. He had been invited for a drive by Jackson, who was going to see his sister. When he saw the condition of the driver he refused to go further in the car. He walked to Heatley Station and got the train home. Mrs. Arnold stated that her husband got home about 1,0.30. He was not drunk.

Insperetor Brewster: Did he tell you that Jackson had a bottle of whisky in the motor car?—Yes, and that he gave the motor driver a glass of it. Jackson also denied having been drunk on the occasion., When he was refused a drink he walked out immediately. • The magistrates fined each of the defendant, 10s. and ss. costs.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLIED FEELING.

Presentation To Belgian Refugee

Called To The Colours.

A pleasing ceremony took plqee at the Lanca- shire Tool Works, Henry-street, on Tuesday afternoon, when Mr. Andrew Van Der Mens- brougghs, a Belgian refugee, was presented with a silver cigarette case by his fellow employes. Mr. Andrew Van Der Mans- brougghs tells a remarkable tale. His home, he says, is in a Belgian town which at present is in the occui)ation of the enemy. His parents are still there, and he has not heard from them for months. When the Germans first entered his native town he was advised to get away, and after considerable difficulty he was able to get over to England. He came to Oughtrington and secured a situation with Messrs. Welford and -Co. at Broomedge, afterwards securing I) good berth with, Messrs. Wm. Moss and Sdns, of the Lancashire Tool Works. He has just turned 18 years of age, and has been called to the Belgian colours, and left Lymm to undergo his medical test in London on Wednesday. morn- ing.

-Everything was going on as usual oui Tuekday afternoon, when suddenly the large gas engine which works all the tnachinery ceased, work was stopped, and all the employes were quietly told to assemble in one of the large store rooms upstairs. When the excitement had died down Mr. Albert Brown, one of the employes, handed their Belgian workmate a beautiful silver cigarette case as a token of good feeling from his fellow employes. Ve remarked that they were all sorry to lose him, as he was a good workmate, but they were plea.sea to know that he was goinkc to fight for the Allies' noble cause of right against that military machine which represented nothing but might. (Ap- plause.) Replying, the recipient said, "I am too full to say much, but I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I have tried to do my bit here making munitions, but now my time has come, and I am pleased to be able to go and fight side by side with the British ,Army, and to help to bring this terrible war to an early finish."

•The pleasing ceremony then concluded with the singing of "For he's a jolly good fellow," which re-echoed through the whole village.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE SEPTEMBERS.

Extraordinary Coincidence Relating To

Local Soldier..

News has this week been received to the effect that Private Percy, Appleton, the Cheshire Regiment, has been wounded in the left arm. Writing to his sister in Statham, the gallant soldier says: "Here we are again, still aliVe and kicking. No doubt you will be surprised to learn that I have landed in 'Blighty' with a nice one through the muscle of the left arm. The shrapnel went in the muscle and came out through my elbow. Now. that I am able to get up and knock about I would not part with it for a quid, although it has been 'some sore.' I have been under two operations, but it is now Al. It is a treat being in hospital and 'not half a nice warm bed; and what a relief to get rid of 'those visitors.' The only drawback, is that it is a war hospital and we don't get those

Wounded

extras, but never mind, we manage to get a packet of cigarettes a week. Oh! but it is a nice one, and the nurse is just coming to dress it. It is Hell on eaPth on the Somme front."

This gallant soldier enlisted in September, 1914, was drafted out to France in September, 1915, and returned to .England wounded in September, 1916. He is 22 years of age, and was educated at Lymm School, and worshipped at the Primitive Methodist Church. He resides with his father at Heatley, and prior to the war was employed as a fitter by Chas. Moore Erni Co., salt manufacturers, Heatley. He is at present in the Northumberland War Hospital, N 'wcastle-On-Tyne. •

.„.::77SP' rf°7:,..r''''..• • • 4.,'. 1•15.*-',, 0A?1,0:..; ,o'. ~.,7'',/.:',.1/..•.:1;0.4`%.,c----*..- ----/k., .......,...q4;;;'::: ..;./...';',/;:,,n....::;.•;.:::: .7...: . ~.....i:.....i '.:'.1:0',:,:ff.,:"•:.1A., , 4...,..- '. • • . ...,...;.:.:4:. • , , p.',,:;.::.1+4,,t , .. ~ . ......,.....4*,?, ~, .-.':.i.'... ,: • • ". . - -.:::g-ii:..*:;::,%........:.0....,,,, !.../::Z. ''',.: ',.'4:......4':... .:......:*4:l:*:,:...•;;Luv. kf.g.N, ytd,:.,..'.::::,:--,....-..?.. .::-:.:.-.:iitott-A: I.:::., • lat:;?;,,-0/.,•..,: .•- .: :.......:......'::5.,'.....„::r:''': ......... .. , , ...:„1/4. • , ...;::::,.....:„..... iii**l446so4t .4%,.tiik.'''. , ~..4t.,..14440,..i.:....%;:ii0:::.:R:::A,::.,,:::..,.ii!.:,.:::::;::t;t:r.::..:',.....:.,..:::.::.::,.::. ..... , WA**74.**oll:;teNigt;g::,....iii!ltlSl:ll,.„. '.. ix:z..,;:6.,..7:44111te.: „....11k:i*,:::i.;•.:i4:ailitill ,ii??,,:,,i . , 0v.,..'.. ' : • .....,e..zt::::Ng :Aki: .. -i.:.,.:::,?:,.4w1:434:iiftik : .-,:z.A. ft:4lkiO3.iiiik%o *4ww.,,,,,,m,,:t::,,,,,, %,,,..4..,-.,:%:,,0,::.: .. ftn,,,..,,,,,,Q:.u.,, :::,,,,,..::nitaimi..,:i.k. •:*1X:::,.:1:::•,...::K5.4.*:,?..A.';ici•*4:,'..,.*::V4:. .IW,:il;r:i% .:444..iiIchtv.:416:fttg4.00!itiOksgOlt—%,aT ..ft.--.A,::::::, Mii?*'`'w.. .. ..441-ttak:::::::: ::::• • 4,‘'... ....,W.:.:::" :.k.:. t•Ntilitik: . • .03::,.-4:4:::E:::"' ,c,":044:kiN:44.:5:gt:t:::,:,..-: . • . : . ,*.l'?ffii.E.:o'.::7:%lWilt.?.:R::..:•:'.'":

PRIVATE PERCY APPLETON,

===== 0002601_19160923_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATES JOSEPH CLARE AND WILLIAM JACKSON WOUNDED

As we go to , press we learn- that Privates Joseph Clare and William Jackson, two well- known members of 'the Cheshire Reginient, have been, wounded for the second, 'time. Both are well known in- local sporting circTes.

Private Wm. Jackson is a nieniber of the

PRIVATE JOSEPH CLARE.

Wounded.

Lymm A.F.C.„ and resides in Moston-street, Newfields. His brother, Private Harry Jackson, we reported, as ".missing" a ,few -weeks ago. Private. Joseph Clare is of considerable foot- ball fame, being an old member of the Lymm A.F.C., and later a member of the Altrincham A.F.C. He was looked upon by football critics as a coming man. He resides with his mother

PRIVATE WILLIAM JACKSON

Wounded.

at Booth's Hill. His brother, Company-Sergt.- Major H. Clare, is at 'present somewhere in

France.

CHESHIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT

LYMM PLATOON.

Orders for week commencing Saturday, &pt. 23rd, 1916:— Tuesday.-7.30 p.m., Recruits' drill. Other members may attend for musketry. 8 p.m., Platoon drill. Wednesday.—lnspection at Chester bY Field Marshal commanding Home Forces. Particu- lars later.

Thursday.-7.30 p.m., Recruits' drill; 8 p.m., Platoon drill. Orderlies.—Sergt.. S: D. Moston. and Pte. T. Hatton.

G. R./WILLIAMSON, Platoon Commander.

.':''''''7lF3il,PF:l:ZitglegfiliggraNN'.:7 . -... . 4' S"Mg4::'AeajarigiagglalOi.,*o:,,A., .0.,,. ......2.400.4g0wait:.gmr4wpx#0,,,,,. , ~...,,......,,,,0,.,:m.D.4.„.::;":..,!..7...0...,:0...........:!!.*:4"...., " ...-;.•:....W,,,Z.''''....• .:•• ~..,--TOOZO,,1"...11): ~,'''''';'.lg.'ter:'. '. '^'• " '''' ~'4flr.:''':-C',.:*;:,', . .... ' :-..:.:',,,f::.4.': 7' l'''''',... :.- . 4.•• r.O Wg:' :!.::,... •'1"%.,,,; - .:..;"' , I '44.'n ~, -;*.ji '1.::, ' . ,":'.:',vv.,44v,...,...-. . . • .:,-,..,' . , ...-.,:.•.,:g0-: • ..,,,,:..-...-,„:.:,,....:m, * :',•:::,..:.:',.:"...''....--:,?.•'-,:;: :., ::;:::: , ~1........:..,.::: . -:.;....,-. . -%. ..,7 • : 1 „..,„... - .. I , I , . . ...„,..:. ~... , ~.-:,,,......::::,:7,,:.':,.. .- -,:t'..- :,•04, :.:,'....• ~.%,,,,,.... 4,000000,0* --,..c•,%141.,....,i...::::...'...::-;....'..;:f.,7.....:i!...:ii..,..,,':...'44....4.,Ptit.,:'‘....'.....* : ..: ''...,..',,,. ?, .0...... ....:'..,.,...,04..,:.'11ir.;40:':-. W;:,

===== 0002601_19160923_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RED CROSS CONCERT.

Wounded Soldiers As Authors And Entertainers.

Times without number we have been treated to concerts, garden fetes and similar pleasures in aid of our' Brookfield Hospital, but last Wednesday's effort was of an entirely different nature. It was a concert given in aid of our Brookfield Hospital by the wounded soldiers themselves„ Nor has there ever been an enter- tainment given to an appreciative audience which contained more artistic talent than that given to the exceedingly large audience that gathered on this occasion. Every item on the programme was of "tip-top" excellence, and well deserved the thunderous rounds ..f applause that almost lifted the roof of the large building. The introduction was made by Private Fair- field, the author and producer of the two sketches, who asked the audience not to be too Yard on the artistes, as they had had little time in which to practise, and if they happened to make any mistakes [which they didn't] would the company treat them as lightly as possible? Then came the following splendid pro- gramme :—Chorus, "My old "Kentucky home," " Tennessee," Gunner Montague; comic, In which figured the renowned cinema artiste. "Charlie Chaplin," Gunner Gibbons and Private Bartlett; recitation, " Hursley Camp," Private Jeffery; "Mandalay," Private Fair- field; " Which swithch, &c." Private Davies; [" The Trumpeter," Private Davidson; "Micky Dun's Party," Private Piggott; "Come, sing to me," Private Cooper; recitation, Private Jeffery; "Long, long trail," Gunner Peck. " Our Hospital." Then came the first of Private Fairfield's remarkable sketches, "Our hospital," in two scenes. The characters w-?.re: Geo. Parker, Gunner Gibbons; Jerry Knowles, Private Fair- field; Matron, Sergeant Corcoran; Red Cross Nurse, Private Holt; Doctor, Corporal Heath; Mrs. Wells, Private Piggott; Baby, Private Kentish; Nursemaid, Private Davis; Patients, Privates Jeffery, Cooper and Taylor. The first scene was the kitchen of Mrs. Parker's resi- dence (the hospital washerwoman), in which some amusing cross-talk was obtained from Geo. Parker and Jerry Knowles, chiefly con- cerning the hospital round the corner, the follies of women, nurses working for nought, and the seats in the new Lever-road. The second scene represented a ward in the Brook- field Hospital. The matron (Sergeant Cor- coran) is busy putting the patients through their early morning test (and torture), when somehow or other Geo. • Parker and Jerry Knowles get mixed with the patients and, though loudly protesting, they are placed in the fatal chair and put through a series of tor- tures. Then comes the doctor (Corporal Heath), who again puts them through it, and adds insult to injury by putting them all, on special (very special) diets. He also confines them to hospital for the day, and the' matron gives them some sound advice about the hos- pital's good name, keeping their ties straight, choosing their company, and concludes by tell- ing them that we want "none of their Winwick tricks here." Meanwhile the baby sitting in a bassinette is vigorously protesting, and creates considerable amusement. That con- cluded the first sketch, cleverly written and brilliantly acted. When \the curtain rose at the commencement of the second half of the programme it could be noticed that the scenery had undergone a sudden transformation and now represented the centre of a large wood. The second half com- menced with a quartet and was followed by : Song, "Major General Worthington," by Private Davis; "Genevieve," Private Piggott; comic, Gunner Gibbons; "The Broken Doll," Gunneralontague; " To-morrow will be Fri- day," Private Fairfield-; "Mountains of Mourne," Private Davidson; "Polly Wolley Doodle" (with chorus), Private Cooper; "When I lost you," Private Peck. Lymm News "Somewhere in France."

The second sketch was "Somewhere in France." The scene represented a portion of the first•line of trenches. A party of English Tommies" were waiting to be relieve& seated round a cokp fire, when suddenly the Sergeant enters and informs them that they are shortly to be relieved by Captain Williamson and his Cheshire Volunteers. (Applause.) Then comes the rum ration, followed by the chorus "If the Sergeant drinks your rum, never mind," and "Baby poll." Then the orderly goes out for rations, but manages to get hit with a Maxim gun round the corner and is brought in by the stretcher-bearers with a nice "Blighty one" in the arm. Then there is trouble about another ration orderly to take the place of the one wounded, which ends up with the chorus "Pack all your troubles in your old kit-bag." Then the postman. arrives with a:parcel bearing the Lymm postmark for "Jerry," and a sheaf of letters. The parcel is immediately opened and the first article taken out is an English paper, "The Warrington Examiner." (Loud applause.) ".Good old Lymm! What's the Lymm News?" (Renewed applause.) The Sergeant gets a letter from Cherry Cottage, Cherry-lane, which turns out to be a love letter, and as he finishes reading it the soldiers 'sing "Are we downhearted?" This is followed by the "Old folks at home," and as the soldiers fall asleep "Beep the home fires burning" could be heard in the distance. The finishing touches were given by the rattle of a Maxim gun and the boom of a big gun behind the scenes. - Praise for the Workers.

During a break in the programme, Mr. A. de C. Parmiter, a member of the General Committee, said no Lymm entertainers had ever received thanks more cordial and sincere than those they would give the soldiers that evening. The idea of the concert origin- ated from them, which spoke very well for the hospital. Nurse Morehouse, the pianist, was on night -duty at the hospital, but she had sacrificed her sleep in the daytime to enable tte, men to -practise. (Applause.) Next came Sergeant Corcoran, the heart of the whole thing and orgauiser-in-chief—(renewed ap- plause)—who would be feeling very pleased at the success of his efforts. Private Fairfield's two sketches were cleverly written and splen- didly acted. "It is a pity he has not given us a representation of what he thinks the General Committee is like," said the speaker', amid laughter. "Now I will ask you to give a hearty round/ of applause for the soldiers' splendid effort." The applause was duly given.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Result.

The proceeds of the concert amounted to .237 10s. 91d.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
A POSER FOR THE BENCH.

A Difference Between Cigarettes And

Tobacco.

At Lymm Petty Sessions James Shepherd, a local tobacconist, having his premises in Bridgewater-street, was summoned by Sergeant Griffiths for having, on the 20th August, sold cigarettes to a boy named Hatton, who was under the age of 16 years. _

The Sergeant stated that he saw four boys, of whom Hatton was one, and who were all under the age of 16 years, smoking cigarettes in Back- lane.

Defendant admitted having sold the cigarettes, but stated that the boy, said they were for a young man outside. Defendant said that Mrs. Shepherd desired to know if a gentleman sent Et. boy under 16 years for his tobacco was she to 'serve him.

The question occasioned much merriment amongst the magistrates, and the Act of Par- liament was at once requisitioned. It was then discovered that the clause in the Children's Act only binned " cigarettes " and "'cigarette papers." .

1- - The Chairman (Hon J. E. Cross) asked Inspector Brewster if this was the first case of the kind in Lymm, and the latter replied that it was to his knowledge. The Chairman said 'defen4ant hao,asked a question and raised a point that had given the Bench much amusement. The Act only applied to cigarettes and cigarette papers, and, there- fore, they should not ,have been sold to the boy. As it was elle first case of the kind in -Lynam defendant would be fined only one shilling. '

Dear Apples: Warrington Boys .Charged With Theft:A-At the Juvenile Court, which sat at the Council Offices on Wednesday morning, three Wllrrington boys came before Messrs. T. J. Ridgway and H. Holden, charged with steal- ing , 71b. of apples, the property of Mr. Peter Hankey, of Thelwall. Defendants were found guilty and were fined .55., 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. respectively. These petty thefts are getting quite 'a common occurrence, and it is hoped thee(' summonses will be a warning to others.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. A. W. CALLENDER'S WILL.

The will of Mr. A. W. Callender, of Lymm, has been proved at £10,265.

Stack Fire At Rettclish.—Last Thursday after- noon a serious fire broke out in the stack yard of Reddish Hall }arm, Reddish, the property of Messrs. R. and W. Heatheote. A large stack of hay weighing about 35 tons caught fire and was burned to the ground. The alarm was immediately given and the Lymm Fire Brigade, under Captain Wm. Rose, were soon on the scene, but the fire was then beyond con- trol. They succeeded in preventing the fire from spreading to two other stacks which were close at hand.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

CHESHIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.

Stockton Heath Detachment.

Orders for week commencing 25th Sept.:— Monday.—Company and Ceremonial Drill for all. Fall in, Headquarters, 7.45 sharp. Tuesday.—Appleton Rifle Range, for all members who have not yet taken their cards. Wednesday.—lnspection by Field-Marshal Lord French at Chester. Fall in, Bank Quay Station, 4 p.m. Revew Order, haversacks and great coats rolled. Recruits to attend in civilian dress, wearing brassards where issued. Each member of the company is expected to be pre- sent on this,occasion.

Thursday'..—Recruits' Squad, Headquarters, 7.45 sharp.

FRANK WARBURTON, Officer Commanding.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL.

CHESHIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.

Grappenhall Detachment.

Orders for week ending September 30th : MondaY.—MueicetrY at Range, 7.30 p.m.; Range Officer, Section Commander W. Trantom. Tuesday.—Cempany Drill. Fall in at Head- quarters, 7.45 p.m. Wednesday.—lnspection by Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief Home Forces, at Chester. Troops will travel on warrant by troop trains detailed in later orders. Inspection at Town Hall. Chester, at 6.25 p.m. Friday.—Musketry at Range, 7.45 p.m.; Range Officer, Sec. Corporal F. Fox. Saturday.—Company Drill (Uniform). Fall in at headquarters 3 p.m. Orderlies.—Section Corporal E. Pearce, Private F. W. Grounds.

F. A. FROST, O.C.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

Private Scott Ward.—We are pleased to • re- port that Privates Scott Ward, of Cinnamon- lane, Fearnhead, who has been removed from France to King George's Trospital, London, is progressing favourably. He was visiteil by his mother and sister on Sunday, and they were agreeably surplised to find him so cheerful and comfortable.

Works Picnic.—Owing to the kindness of Mr. Edward Gorton, the employes of the Padding- ton Bone Works had a very enjoyable outing to Southport last S4urday. The party left Padgate in the morning in two saloon coaches, special facilities for stopping express trains for them having been arranged by the railway com- pany both on the outward and return journeys. The firm very kindly provided railway fare and dinner, and,the day turned out very fine, which added much to the enjoyment. Mr. W. Jump (secretary) and Mr. H. Stafford (foreman), accompanied the party. Women's Missionary M eeting.—The quarterly meeting under the auspices of the Women's Auxiliary was held in the Padgate Wesleyan Sunday School on 'Thursday afternoon, presided over by Miss Turner, the Vicarage. A very in- teresting address was given by Miss Lowen- stein, of Birmingham, organising secretary of the WOmen's Auxiliary, in which she outlined various methods of raising funds to help on the good work being done amongst the Zenanas. She also made a strong appeal for helpers to carry on the work, and explained the course of training which was necessary in order to be- come a missionary worker. Mrs. Cottrell, of Fearnhead, was the soloist, and she also gave P sweet rendering of the solo, "I gave My life for thee!' Miss Turner and the speaker were given a hearty vote of thanks. A collection taken in aid of the society realised £5 10s. 6d. There were a goofl number present, and after the meeting tea was provided at a small cost.

Church Lads' Brigade.—A concert organised by the members of the Church Lads' Brigade was held in the C.E. Schools on Thursday even- ing. Recently this brigade became affiliated with the Cadet Corps, and the members- are now wearing khaki uniforms, and the iponcert was promoted to defray the expenses of the new equipment, as well as to raise funds for the further development of the organisation. There was a good atray of talent on the programme, and judging by the numerous encores the selections were suited to the taste of the audience. Mr. Poole was 'very successful in his songs, "Drake goes west" and "Up from Zummerzet," and Private Young sang in a spirited manner "Sunshine of your smile." Mr. Sephton sang "Maisie, my girl" and "The trumpeter," whilst Mrs. Sephton was heard in the old favourite, a Angus Macdonald." Miss Hewitt, who is always a favourite with Padgate audiences, sang in her usual finished style, "When the heart is young," also joining in the well-known duet, "Excelsior' along with Mr. Poole. A duet• entitled " Springtime " was given by Mr. and Mrs. Sephton. "Watchman, what of the night?" by Messrs. SephtOn and Poole, and a humorous item, "Don't we, Harold," by Messrs. Beswick and Berry. A. humorous trio, "The ideal home," was given by Messrs. Beswick, Berry and Harrison, and the quartets, "When the budding bloom" and "Anchored"• were also sung by Members of the concert party. Mr. Harrison created much amusement by his humorous selections, " P.C. 49" and "Phil the fluter's ball." There were a good number present, the chairman being Mr. George Proffitt, of Padgate.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
SHORTAGE OF MEN AND LEATHER.

Relative to the unbadging of men in the trade (says the Warrington correspondent of the "Leather Trades Review ") there have been several interesting appeals made locally during the past week, and whilst in some cases mutual arrangements have been made 'at the Tribunals to allow a proportion of the men to remain in their employment, others are held in abeyance pending further inquiries. There is no doubt that this depletion of labour will cause much inconvenience at a time like this (especially when all those who have been released have joined up), as in face of the fresh demands of the War Office for leather of all classes, the trade could do with more men and not less, and as there is practically no more substitution to be got, there•will,be great difficulty in combating the requirements. On top of this there is a likelihood, of further combing out, and„ as pointed out in these columns a few weeks ago, there will be nothing for it but reduced inputs.

A feeling was prevalent in certain quarters that a proportion of bends would be released for the civilian trade towards October, but there seems very little hope of this, considering the numbers that are still required by the Army authorities. - The local representative of the "Leather World" says : Tanners have now information before them of the requirements of the Government of the different kinds of leather and the apprdximate quantities to be provided up to the end of the year. It is certainly an enormous amount, and covers the Italian boot order, a further million pairs of boots for the Russian Government, bends for repairing Army boots, and the upper ad sale leather for the service boots for our own Army. Whilst tanners can sell through factors with the guarantee that the leather will be used for purposes approved by the Director of Army Contracts after October, this is, of course, no concession for boot manufacturers for domestic purposes, who will evidently have te• rely on imported leather absolutely, as, in. .order to' fill Government requirements, practi- cally all the leather produced in this country will be earmarked down to 61b. bends.

OVERWORK and worry don't pay. Nobody can defy Nature's laws. We all need peace of mind, rest, outdoor exercise and eight hours' sleep to keep well. We must not overeat, nor drink much, un- less it be milk or water.

Unwise habits load the blood with uric poisons. The kidneys act as safety-valves, filtering the• blood and passing off the poisons, but are bound to weaken under any long continued strain, and, once they falter, you feel dullvtired and nervous. Your back aches, you lose weight, you have headaches, dizzy spells and urinary disorders.

The first thing to do is to get back to simple, sensible habits. You must also help the weakened kidneys. You can depend for this on Dean's Backache Kidney Pills.

Many in Warrington have learned their worth and willingly tell about it.

Send for Free Book on " Moderation, Cheer- fulness, and Other Long Life ' Laws."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

1

===== 0002601_19160923_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Help.

Mrs. E. Lawton, of 36, Marbury-street, Latchford, Warrington, says :—" I believe my kidney trouble was brought on by catch- ing a chill after having a bad back. I suffered terribly with my back after that. I was laid up for three weeks at a time, and the pain was so acute that I dared not turn from one side to the other. I was de- pressed and low-spirited, and seemed to have lost all my energy. The kidney excretions were unnatural and there was distress in relieving the bladder. " Doan's Backache Sidney Pills did me good fPom the first, and after I had given the pills a fair trial I lost all the pain, the kidney weakness was corrected, and I felt like a new woman in health. I can recom- mend Doan's Pills because they did me so much good."

(Signed) ". E. Lawton." Be sure you ask for DOAN'S and get DOAN'S—the Pills Mrs. Lawton had.

Webb (4). J. Heywood (4), G. Willcock (4), A" Atherton, (4), J. Broadhurst (F.) (4), J. Spilsburf • (2), I. Barlow (1), W. White (4), J. Pennine")a, (4). A. E. HaAds (3), T. Davies (4). H. Green (3/' S. Taylor (3), T. Litton (5), W. Buckley (5). Barton (2), W. Randles (scr.). John Appleton (scr.)•

===== 0002601_19160923_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
All dealers, or 219 a box from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells St., Oxford St., London, W.

Backache Kidixey rfl

BOWLING.

"GEORGE AND TOSS."

Veterans Start Charity Bowling

Tournament.

Still another charitable effort was favoured with magnificent weather when an extremely interesting bowling match between Lancashire Professionals and Warrington Aniateurs came off on Saturday at Rylands- ntothers' Recrea- tion Ground.

Although the afternoon became rather chilly, the opening stages of the contest were conducted under, extremely pleasant conditions and brilliant sunshine was a prominent factor in attracting hundreds to the fixture. The proceeds being in aid of local charitable insti- tutions, a great debt is due to that excellent sportsman, Mr. William Green, jun., who not only got the professionals together, but de- frayed their expenses, and, in addition, gave a handsome donation. The ground was in splen- did trim, and although plenty of rain fell the previous day, the green where the matches were played offered every inducement for clever play. Standing and seating accommoda- tion had been provided through the kindness of Messrs. Peter Walker and Son, Ltd., and it was estimated that between five and six hundred persons were present when the pro- gramme opened. The arrangements were ad- mirable, under the direction of Mr. J. Wood, hon. secretary. Mr. F. Dean was referee, and Messrs. T. Pa4tington kBlackliool) and T. Garnett acted as measurers.

It was a great pity that the silver band of the R.A.0.8. was not present to play on those grand old exponents of the game, W. Taylor (" Owd Toss ") and George Ball, sen., who headed the programme and had uninterrupted use of the green for fifteen minutes, before a later generation were permitted to enter the lists. It .was pre-eminently an occasion for a blare of trumpets, and "See the conquering heroes come."

The Psalmist's limit pf three score years and ten has been well exceeded by these doughty veterans, for they are both, to use a nautical phrase, "Seventy-fours." Taylor had the advantage in age—he is a month older than Ball; but the latter had the advantage in bowls, because he won the game. Both the old men were in the best of spirits, and replied to the hearty reception of the crowd with Some ancient quips, which, apparently, lost none of their pun- gency on the present occasion. Starting from the centre of the green, they gradually lengthened their distances, until they finally "showed off" with long corner shots. They were pretty stiff at first setting out, but as they warmed to the game and got exhilarated with the onlookers' applause., they followed the jack with a wonderful amount of energy. , There was a deal of arm waving, urging and demonstrat- ing as each of the aged players tried to give his opponent the inside crook, "Good shot, Toss !" "Well done, George !" was the order of the day, and excitement ran high when the game wa level at nineteen up. The veterans had worried each other's flanks all the time, and when a tremendous effort by Ball got "two in" and completed the victorious figure twenty- one, there was a long round of hearty applause. It was a notable conflict—a tough, hard-won fight. _ _

The match resulted in an extremely credit- able win for the amateurs by 33 points. Appended is the list of players and scores:—

Professionals. Amateurs. W. Taylor (Old Toss) 19 G. Ball, sen. ..... 21 G. Beatty ....... l5 Jack Gleave (L.C.)... 21 John Wilson T. Hackett (capt.) Ti. Banks Tom Hilton (Teapol).. 12 J. Isherwood Nat Sharples ...... .21 T. Humphries (L.C )17 Geo. Entwistle Sam Bradley Ben Hilton' Peter Bromilow (Shino) Jas. Southern S. Barker (Fetch)

.. 21 J. Lodge .. 16 A. Gleave, jun. .. 14 Joe Gleave (L.C.) 2l .. 21 Jack Monks .. 16 E. Blackledge

M. -Sharpie's

Slater ...

===== 0002601_19160923_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
R \ K QUAY CHARITY MAIN.

First Round.—Continued.

The first round in the charity main being run by the Bank Quay Club was continued on Saturday, with the following results:- G. Savage (4) 13-,11. Bennett (M.H.) (3) 13-12, A. Randles (8.H.) (2) 13-12, A. Middleton (3) 13-10, W. Gleave (M.H.)--(5) 13-12, J. Berry (5) 13-12. A. Wright (4) 13-12, W. Miller (4) 13-8, E. Hill (C.) (5) 13-10, J. Grounds (4) 13-12, D. Armitage (4) 13-9, J. Timmins (2) 13-2, J. Ash. burner (4) 13-10, C. Boylin (4) 13-10, Albert Payne. sen. (4) 13=-11, George Gleave (4) 13-11, J. Hatton (3) 13-12, James Taylor (4) 13-4, R. Gorst (4) 13-12, Bob- Brobbins (3) 13-11, T. Moore (4) 13-8, Alfred Gleave, sen. (S.) 13-6, W. Houghton (4) 13-11, J. Millington (5) 13-6, Jim Harrison (C.) (1) 13-7, J. Daintith (3) 13-12, R. Kirby (6) 13-9, Albert Gleave (owes 2) 13-6, D. Jones (F.) (5) 13-12, J. Woods (1) 13-12, T. Welsby (4) 13-9, F. Deakin (4)^.13-10, Albert Payne, jun. (2) 13-9, C. Hodgkins (4) 13-7, J. Middleton (1) 13-8, G. Willcox (2) 13-12. G. Warburton (2) 13-8, James Ellison (4) bye. The following had walldo.over:-T. Shay (5), S. Fisher (5), Bill Taylor (4), J. Darby (5), J. Bird (5), H. Hutchinson (4), H. Orsburne (4). W. Shay (5), J. Lockett (3), A. Timmins (5), J. Shaw (4), H. Cook (scr.), B. Green (2), Alfred,Gleave, jun. (owes 1), J. Eaton (4), John Gleave (owes 1), H. Jones (2), J. Kendrick (4), J. Joyner (5), J. Watscin (3). H. Williams (4), E. Moores (4), Joe Brown (5), J. Wilding (5), T. Woods (6), S. Hackett (6), W. Webb (4), P. Hill (4), J. Cartwright (C.) (4), J. Lester (C.) (4). G. Ward M. T. Crutch (4), John

===== 0002601_19160923_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE-ASIDE AT ARPLEY.

The three-aside competition at Arpley concludes to-day, and it is hoped that players will be proniPt• Mrs. Frost is to present the prizes.

THE LATCHFORD CADET CORPS.

Orders for week ending September 29th :

_ - Parades.—Tuesday, no ;are. Fridail fall-in at 7.30 prompt at Headquarters. all" march to a selected spot for skirmishing, 1'; officer-in-charge, Lieutenant IL Kitchen. Orderlies.—Corporal E. Lea and Lance-Corpl. S. Cartwright. Promotion.—Cadet G. Hackwell to be Lance- 'Corporal, with effect from Friday.

J. B. STARKEY, Commanding Officer.

DRUNK, DISORDERLY AND BADGED. At the Borough Police Court on MondaY: Johin Graham, a man of military age, no settled abode, was charged by Acting-Sergeant Clark° with having been drunk and disorderly °II Saturday. The officer stated that Graham l'T5 wearing a war badge at the time. The wag's' trates fined defendant 19s. 6d. or 14 days. The Chief Constable: He will be reported and we will have him debadged.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
A COURTEOUS MOTOR CYCLIST.

Enalyn Evans, 691, Knutsford-road, was stall' moned at the Borough Police Court on Tsl°s; day for riding a motor cycle without a ligh' at 10.5 p.m. on the 6th September along th,e Manchester-road. Owing to the courteous in which he gave every information to ti'e police officer who stopped him, telling hit° that the water had' given out in his acetyletle lamp, he was only fined 10s.

Self-torture. We pity the misguided devotees who Put stones in their shoes for a pilgrimage, or 101 walk over thorny paths to "make merit" many of us have days when we walk our IP,: road in much the same way, and with no sue' worthy end in view. We translate the careles; speech into intentional offence, the litt'„e neglect into deliberate unkindness, the comixo' duty, into hardship, and press them in ulxl our hearts until the whole spirit is sore al:: bruised with self-torture.—" Great Thoughts. Just What She Wanted.

The much-travelled young man had just turned from foreign climes, and, of course, re must entertain his rich old aunt (with whoa Pi was in favour) with stories of the wonderf°' sights he had seen. "Yes," he said in the course of his remari.?' "there are some spectacles that can never De forgotten." ld "Dear me," exclaimed the absent-minded ° lady, "I do wish you would get me a pair ° them, John."

!."...

===== 0002601_19160923_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I t' • ..., 't

===== 0002601_19160923_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
_ A PICTLIMSED ROMANTIC NOVEL BY ROY LIvfcCARDELL ADAPTED FROM THE SENSATIONAL -FLYING A- SERIAL FILM

d"

_..-—„!.....7.:;;;.,. -,... --7-.. - -____ ___/—.-------:--- , ....! - —4,...X New. _ ___ ......- _ _ . _ ---- r- . _____,-- ---7-4.-7,- —:ttg.r. ---_-- .4. --.:-..,_

===== 0002601_19160923_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
BY ALEC J. BRAID.

sectors in this story are purely Imaginary living

CHAPTER XVII.

THE SING OF DIAMONDS AND THE QUEEN OF HEARTS. When Esther had sufficiently recovered from her 'exciting experience she and Quabba bade farewell to the kind-hearted mine boss and his wife. "You Will find Mr. Powell on his yacht at Santa Barbara." they were told, and in a trap placed at their disposal they started for the railroad thirty miles away. The driver's face was wreathed with a cheerful smile of appreciation at the honour he felt was his in convoying so fair a young woman and so interesting a personage as the foreign droll, Quabba, ensconced on the back. Esther listened to the driver with seeming atten- tion, but her thoughts were far away. The old feud of the stanleighs would not die down. Girl as she was, Esther felt inspired with blood hatred, Which is as strong as blood's more kindlier ties, and stronger. Blair was in, her thoughts, more in Contempt than fear, while of his gipsy companion and accomplice, Luke Lovell, she thought not at all. As the trap sped along towards the base of the mountain, Blair Stanleigh and Luke Lovell had gained the summit in their long and arduous tramp from the mine portal to • the other side of the range. , Blair's field-glasses were focussed upon Esther, it would seem, at the very moment her mind's eye Was focussed upon him. "There goes Esther," cried Blair, putting down the field-glasses and pointing to the trap that Moved, a mere speck to the naked eye, along the road far down below. "We can intercept her yet 117 dropping straight down this cursedly steep biasuntain," Blair added. Luke grunted a surly assent, and the two uesPerate adventurers started down the rough, straight mou.ntain trail at as brisk a pace as they dared attempt. That Arthur Stanleigh was or was hot what he seemed was of little moment to Luke. Ile was bewildered on the edge of a great secret of Which he had but the faintest glimpse and grasp. only remembered that Matt Harding, Hagar's 'hug dead husband, had trafficked with the gentle- folk of Stanleigh Hall and had made his gipsy fortune thereby. Luke also knew that Esther had the document that was the essence of this Stanleigh secret. It also concerned The Diamond from the Sky. Luke had no love for Blair Stanleigh. He determined ,ur.on two things. One was that no harm should befall Esther, for whom Luke had long held a wild affection. The other resolve concerned the dia- mond. Seemingly the accomplice of Blair Stan- leigh in his tiesperate schemes to regain and Possess it, yet in the back of his mind he felt his deepest joy would be when he throttled Blair Stanleigh and tore it from his weakening grasp. As Blair and Luke sped_ down the mountain, over a rocky and half-obliterated trail, to intercept Esther, liarmaduke Smythe, guiding himself by the sun, plodded along the road at the base of the mountain. Marmadnke was imbued with one idea. The idea was that "England, home, and beauty," as he expressed it to himself, lay to the east. So at sunrise he faced the east, carrying the suit case, his gun, and the deer head, which more and more he had come to believe was a bona- fide trophy of his prowess as a hunter in the American jungle. The Diamond from the Sky Meant little or nothing to Marmaduke Smythe. " How it came where found I cannot for the life hf me imagine," he mused. "I only know, Mar- Inaduke Smythe, you are a jolly fool to have ,ever left England to find the Yankee heir to the Stan- leigh Earldora." These reveries were ended abruptly by a succes- ion of pistol shots. The startled lawyer next heard a pounding clatter of hoofs and the rattle of wheels coming behind him. Then he felt him- self bowled over and scattered with his belongings dust. Picking himself up, he saw that the wagon was driven by the pretty girl who had shared the Coach with him just previous to the wreck that had made him what he was now—a wanderer in the wilderness. But hardships and adventure had sharpened the wits of the timid lawyer. He gave a willing hand to help the horses out of their tangle of harness against the hillside, and was quick to accept the • proffer of a lift from the Mysterious young woman who had been his fellow- •.bassenger in the wrecked coach and the strange- looking hunchback with her. Luke and Blair had failed again. They had intercepted the trap, and had shot down the brave young miner, who had refused to halt at their sudden shouts to do so when they had sprung out from the brush of the hillside on to the road. "They have shot me! Drive on and save your- selves," had been the last words of the driver, and even as he had fallen, or thrown himself from the seat, he had struck the horses a quick, heavy blow with the whip. The maddened horses left the Pursuing Luke and Blair far behind. At a fork in the road Esther took the wrong turn and left the road to the rail. Realising this, they waited till daybreak. Around their small camp fire the three so strangely thrown together recounted the eventful" adventures that had befallen them since the wrecking of the coach. 'lt is a coincidence, my dear young lady," Ifarmaduke Smythe remarked finally, "that you are seeking for this elusive young millionaire, John Powell, too. I have a letter for him- from that astute chap Blake, the Richmond detective. This slake is a most reticent person, but he assured ..'ne that if I came to California and saw this John tiowell, the latter would help me to locate Arthur Stanleigh. Whether he is a ticket of leave man 'r is to be lynched or remain as a fugitive is not 'll my province to argue. He is the heir to the Stanleigh Earldom. But frankly, young lady, if Yigland expects me to go any further in doing my duty in this matter, England is vastly mistaken. I am going back as soon as I can find a train and boat to take me. If you are seeking this John 4"owell also, will you ask him to convey this to Arthur Stanleigh? Oddly enough. although I was not at all surprised at anything that happened to ' hie in America, I found this yesterday." To the breathless amazement of Esther and 9uabba, the lawyer brought from his pocket, in the Most matter of fact manner, The Diamond from the Sky. Neither the girl nor her hunch- -IMcfc. r)rr, reer)seeer, ceecerxr.

0

and have no connection with or relation to any person.l

back protector could grasp or solve the mystery of the strange reappearance of the great and ancient Stanleigh heirloom here in this wild land. As .for the lawyer, he only asked to be rid of it. "I wish no further /responsibilities, and I would not stay in the jungles of America for a leather hatbox full of diamonds from the sky," he added. "So please deliver it to 'Mr. Powell' for Arthur Stanleigh, with my compliments, exacting, of course, a receipt." As he said the words he made a brief receipt in his notebook and tendered the book and the fountain pen to Esther, adding, "Please sign, Miss Harding." But when Esther affixed her name boldly, "Esther Stanleigh," the English lawyer scratched his head in a puzzled manner. But although he was puzzled he was not surprised. Nothing that could now happen in America would surprise him. Esther clasped the diamond around her neck. by every right and title it belonged to her. The impulse that had actuated her father, the late Colonel Stanleigh, to rob her of her birthright in order that the great gem might never go to Blair Stanleigh, his enemy's child, was the impulse that made Esther's 'heart beat resolutely with the same resolve. If The Diamond from the Sky was in sooth the Stanleigh tarm against harm, Esther Stanleigh needed its protecting influence now. Later in the day they reached the railroad and travelled to Santa Barbara.

Called by business to Los Angeles, Arthur in- vited Vivian Marston to accompany him. In that city she was weaving the spell of her /charms about the rich young man. Her task was not so easy as she imagined it would be. ~Arthur's heart was with Esther, and he longed to see the sweet girl and pour out the story of his love and hopes. It was because of this that Vivian did not find Arthrr such an easy victim as she did Blair, and the young woman, eager to possess the diamond, could not understand Arthurts attitude.

Seated in the garden of her hotel and planning the future, Vivian was astonished when a dapper young Frenchman, attired in the height of fashion, claimed acquaintanceship. In response to her denials, he deftly placed a card in her hand and was gone.

Vic-lan had recognised de Vain, and was almost afraid to look at the card he had thrust upon her. The card was a playing card, the king of dia- monds! "What can Durand want?" she whis- pered to herself as she Quietly walked back to the hotel.

In the privacy of her room she split the card to find the message. If the message was genuine she knew where to find it. There it was, with all its probabilities. "To the Queen of Hearts.—You will work with us. We, too, are after The Diamond from the Sky.—The King of Diamonds." No, there was no mistake. The past had come back to strike her a cruel blow. With a run the walls of the castle she had been rearing crumbled to the ground. Clever schemer though she was, Vivian Marston was not a match for Frank Durand, and she realised that now he was after the jewel, if the gem were discovered it would be sold and the proceeds divided as mere plunder. The King of Diamonds had no sentiment in his make-up. He was all the time out for business, and the recovery of the Sta,nleigh "charm against harm" was to him merely a business proposition. Never would she possess the jewel she had schemed so much to gain. She found, too, that, old ties were not easily broken. When Vivian met Durand she tried to bluff him. "That won't do, Vivian," he replied. ." You have hidden yourself successfully for many months, but we are not through with you, my dear girl. We must find the diamond, and share and share alike. You tell me you don't know where it Is. Flatly, I don't believe it. I insist that you help us. You dare not defy me 1" And Vivian knew that Durand spoke the truth.

Having lost Esther and the document, Blair re- turned to Santa Barbara and wired to Los Angeles to Arthur, who, at the instigation of Vivian, by telegram instructed the sailing master to allow Blair to take charge. "Make 'yourself at home, Mr. Stanleigh," said the ,sailing master, when Blair went aboard. "You will find things in Mr. Powell's cabin." " "I will need a good deal of fixing up," Blair explained, laughingly. "My man and I got lost in the mountains while hunting," and he indicated Luke, who had come aboard with him. "Let your man go to the forecastle, and I will see he is fitted out," said the sailing master. "As for you, sir, I take it from Mr. Powell's telegram that you are to help yourself to what you wish of his things until you are sent for." While Blair was making himself presentable in Arthur's cabin, Esther, accompanied by Quabba, was making way across the • harbour in the hope of finding Arthur on the yacht. Arriving by the companion-way, Esther cautioned Quabba to make no explanation if questioned, as she wished to, give Arthur the happy surprise of facing him unannounced. But no sailor on watch barred her way, nor were any questions shouted over the rail to Quabba. Esther, crossing the deck, saw no sailor or officer in charge. She heard someone stirring abaft, and, in what was evidently the owner's cabin, she noted a tall and stalwart young man in uniform, his back turned to' the open door. Esther tiptoed forward, and, pulling The Diamond from the Sky out in view upon her neck, her lips framed the word "Arthur," when she found herself gazing horrified into a mirror that reflected the handsome but wicked face of Blair.

Esther turned with a cry for help, and sped across the doorway to the forecastle. The bulky form of a leering, sodden brute creature faced her. It was Luke Lovell. Esther turned and darted to one side, missing ,the clutching grasp of Blair Stanleigh by a hair's-breadth. The sudden revul- sion from hope and happiness to fear and despair had driven Esther to a frenzy of sudden fright. As though upon the wings of fear, he fled. Hardly knowing what she did save that she escaped her enemies, Esther plunged over the sheer side of the yacht into the sea! (To be continued.) >recerrAceeercereeeCee"ni

The Great Flying -A

Serial Film.

_ _ • r, - ,40V4. _ . • ir401,1 - - r":"

===== 0002601_19160923_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Qra4JaOQJJ4, J430c4Ci)(4444Q4 44Qc4C4C3ZQQQ(41QQ4JJ4c41,

HUMANITY SAVED AT VERDUN.

Mr. Lloyd George's Glow ing Praise

Of Prance.

The following official account is published of banquet given in honour of Mr. Lloyd George VI Friday in the 'casements of the citadel of lerdun, • to which he was conducted by M. Albert Thomas, Minister of Munitions, and ?eneral Dubois. After dinner General Dubois !I_3r.ilg proposed the toast of the distinguished visitor and the great allied nation, Mr. Lloyd George replied as follows :—I wish YO of all, General, to tell you of the pleasure -,1111.11 have given me by asking me to sit at table with Your officers in the very heart of your those i& adel of Verdun. I a happy to see around :Lose who have come from battle and those "na will be in it to-morrow and those who mount guard with you on these. inviolable The name of Verdun will awaken in tlfiltul7e ages an imperishable memory. 'None of great feat of arms with which ,the history France is filled has better displayed the pleheat qualities of the French Army and i.rench nation, and this bravery and this devo- :,(ln to the Fatherland, to Which the world has 'ways paid homage, have been reinforced by a

coolness and tenacity that need not fear com- parison with the British phlegm_ , The memory of the 'victorious resistance ,at Verdun will be immortal, because Verdun has saved not only France lint our great common cause and all humanity. On the heights which surround this old citadel the maleficent power ,of the enemy has been, 'broken like a furious sea on a granite rock. They have tamed the storm which,menaced the world. For my own part I feel profound emotion on treading this sacred soil. I. do not speak only for myself, but bring you the heartfelt admiration of my country and the great Empire which I repre- sent here. They bow like myself before the sacrifices and glory of Verdun. Once more humanity turns to France for the defence of the great causes with which its whole future is bound up. - .

In the midst of deep silence Mr. Lloyd George then raised his glass and said :—" To 'France, to the heroes and the graves of Verdun!"

===== 0002601_19160923_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Ambiguous.

"Everyone will be glad to feel that the Vicar is taking a longer holiday this year by the doctor's orders."—A Parish Magazine (not local). —" Punch."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
k

46 41.+4,0400.4.43 ++4.4•4•+•••• .4••••.:44.1“:"•4•+•.:-+04)+0411,4,4344• 4. .....

===== 0002601_19160923_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOOTBALL FIELD.

4. * ***4.4.4.**4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4->4..:.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.44.4.4.4.4.4.4.****** 4.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION.

(Lancashire Section.)

===== 0002601_19160923_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RI \CORN AT WILDERSPOOL TO-DAY.

Runcorn are visiting Wilderspool to-day (Satur- day), and an interesting match should exisue. War- rington's team will be: dolley; Mills, Britton, Tranter, Baker; Dainteth, young; Green, Cunliffe, Matthews, Glegg, Dumbell and Coillam. Britton and Dumbell are coming up from the Intermediate League. and ,standard, play is ex- pected, for they have showed good farm. Harmer joined the Army on Friday of last week.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LAST SATURDAY'S RESULTS.

G. T. P. 0. T. P. Salford Leigh . 2 210 St. Helens Recs 1 1 5 Wigan ......... 4 420 Rochdale H. Hull Dewsbury ...... 0 1 3 Wakefield T. ... 1 0 2 Halifax Leeds .......... 1 3 11 Huddersfield 8at1ey.........0 1 3 Bradford Hunslet ........6 6 30 Brighouse

===== 0002601_19160923_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERMEDIATE LEAGUE.

A FAMOUS 22.

Ileathside Make Rings Round Beamont.

The opening mateh in the loeal Intermediate League was played on the Wilderspool ground on Saturday, Heathside-and. Beamont being the opposing teams.

Beamont were not at full strength, but, even if they had been, it is questionable whether the result would have been much different. Heathside were a bigger and speedier set, and flung the ball about in no half-hearted manner. Nine times in ten the ball came out of the " scrum " to the Heathside backs, with the re- sult that the opposition was often left guess- ing. Heathside's victory of twenty-two points to nil was well deserved, and it would be un- fair to individualise their players, for all did well.

For the losing team, Whit&ld worked like a, trojan and saved many difficult situations. He tackled keenly and kicked with great power. On the' right wing, Barlow did many good things, and Pembrton was the pick of the forwards.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAY.

Heathside won the toss and elected to play with the sun at their backs. Pemberton started for Beamont, and the firit incident of note was a pass- ing .movement by the Heathside backs, which took them to the Beamont quarters. Here, however, they were penalised, and driven back to midfield. After some even play Forster received for Heath- side, and raced along the touch-line, but in attempt- ing to kick sent ,the ball out of play. From the scrummage the Heathside backs received and worked their way to the Beamont line. Here—some exciting play was witnessed, two or three scrim- mages being fought out, and finally the ball rolled dead. Heathside were having all the play, and the ball becoming loose, Dale dribbled over the Benmont line and scored the first try for Heathside, Harter missing the goal.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
Heathside in the Ascendant.

On resuming the Beamont forwards went away with a rush, but Griffiths drove them back with-a good touch kick. The ball came out to the Heath- side backs, and after a passing bout Taylor ran in under the sticks, for Dale to •add the extra points. Following the restart, the Beamont threequarter backs started a, passing movement, but Wych missed the final pass in attempting to double in. A minute later a movement by the Heathside backs was checked in fine style by Whitfield. 'Heathside pressed hard, and Forster, receiving, ran well and scored what seemed to be a good trY, but the touch- judge ruled him "in touch." The Heathens, how- ever, would not be denied, and just before the in- terval Dolphin scored, but Dale failed to convert. Half-time: Heathside, one , goal three tries (11 points); Beamont, nil. It was not long before Heathside opened their second half account, for from another passing move- ment Dale forced himself over, but Harter failed to convert. Shortly afterwards Harter was served when in a good position, and, beating the full-back, scored the fifth try of the afternoon. but Gleave missed the goal. Shortly before the finish Harter again scored. Griffiths adding the extra points. Result: Heathside, two goals six tries (22 points); Beamont, nil.

TO-DAY'S MATCH. Parochial v. Bcamont, on Bylancls's ground Kick-off 3.30. • Referee, Mr. G-. Crozier.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

GLADSTONE ARMS CONTEST.

The anpilal contest from headquarters attracted an entry of 40. The match took place at Newbridge Salt Works end. The officials were on the job early, as they travelled to the scene by taxi, leaving noth- ing to chance, and they had everything in apple- pie order when the members arrived. The secre- tary soon had all at their numbers, and although the morning was not one of the pleasantest it did not damp the ardoiir of the members, for-,no sooner had " time " been called, than " landed " was also called in several places. There never was a lull during the contest, either one or another was calling out di.tring the whole two hours. This match is the record catch from Warrington this year, the lowest weight to receive a prize being 14oz. 13dr. It was generally thought during the match that it would be necessary to have over 11b. to get in the prizes. The weight caught was 351 b. 14oz. 10dr.• 37 mem- bers weighed in; the other two who took part in the match returned their fish to the' water before the weighers reached them, seeing they had no chance. The winner was again found in our old champion, F. Jolley. [Mr. Printer, this is the third pencil I have worn but writing "F. Jolley, Ist."] He received a beautiful oak clock and bronze horses, presented to the society by our patron, S. Donoghue, along with the " Mather " challenge cup, this being the sixth occasion he has held the Cup. Up to the present we cannot think of a member who can hold his own with him in the River Weaver, his weight being 21b. 7oz. Bdr. Other winners: 2, R. Dunbobbin, 21b. 9dr.; 3, E. 11b. 12oz. Bdr.; 4, F. Trigger, 11b. 10oz. 4dr.; 5, J. Green. 11b. Boz. Bdr.; 6 J. Preston, 11b. 7oz. sdr.; 7, T. Perry [first year's novice: Well done!], 11b. 50z.; 8, G. Hamblett. 11b. 3oz. 4dr.; 9, R. Cook, 11b. 30z.; 10, A. Swarbrick, 11b. 2oz. Bdr.; and so on down to 14oz. 13dr. What a splendid contest!

===== 0002601_19160923_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BAY HORSE MATCH.

The contest from the above club WdS held at Norton on Saturday last, and drew record entry, 45 competing out of a possible 50. Although you cannot compare this water with the Waver for match' fishing, it always seems to draw a good entry. The officials of the Bay Horse were of the opinion that they would have good sport, as this length has been fishing up to the mark this last week or so. But they were unfortunate in catching it on or.c of its off days. The following day fix members filhed for two hours and took 101 b. of fish (what luck!), and on the Monday following A. Racey weighed in a roach Boz. 12dr. However, the officials can congratulate themselves on receiving such an entry. The winner was found in E. Hill, who seems to have taken the place of his churn (H. Moore, whit) is now on active service), as this is his second first in the canal this year; weight, 6oz. 13dr.; 2, J. Higham, 6 oz. 11dr. (and special fox largest fish); 3, P. Jolley, soz. 4dr. (and special for smallest fish) (Hill and Jolley tie for special for !nest fish); 4, E. Brookes, 40z sdr.; 5 and 6, W. Hewitt and G. Lilly, 3óz. 9dr.; 7, if. Brookes. 3oz. 4dr. • 8, T. Dixon, 30z.; 9, T. Roberts, 2oz. 11dr.; -10, W. Bailey, 2.0 z. 9dr.; and so on down to. loz. sdr.

At the prize distribution the members, who ha'd invited the treasurer of the Warrington N.A., Mr. E. Brookes, to fish in their match before joining up in His Majesty's forces, took the opportunity of presenting him with a wrist watch, Mr. T. Ttoberts, the treasurer of, the Bay 'Horse, strapping it on his wrist and wishing him " God-speed " and the best luck.

At this meeting it was decided to hold another contest at Norton in aid of members who are 'serv- ing in the Army, to provide them with comforts and things that are necessary for them, the first meeting to be, held at the Gladstone Arms on Monday next at 7.30 pm. The following are the officials selected to carry out the match: Chairman, Mr. J. Cox; treasurer, Mr. T. Roberts; secretaries, Mr. A. Stout and Mr. J. Potter; committee, Messrs. Fallon, Bate, Jolley, Bryers. Carter, jlolden, Hewitt, Hill, and another. Will all the above put in an appearance punctually, as no postcards will be sent out.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION. (Lancashire Combination.)

THE USUAL GOAL.

Town Go Down To South Liverpool In Stern Struggle.

That only one goal hould be scored whenever Warrington Town and South Liverpool meet seems to be an edict of the Gods. On two Occa- sions before Saturday the South have managed to pull off a victory with the only goal of the match, and now it has happened again., The teams are to match themselves -against each other at the Dingle to-day, too, and it will be particularly interesting to know the result. There are some superstitious pedple, of course, but there are others, and Warrington goes to Liverpool full of confidence, lacking nothing in motaie and energy.

Than the game at the Dingle last week I do not recollect a more stern .one. It was a struggle from start to finish and the 2,000 spectators had a sporting treat. Naturally, I was disappointed with the result, but it regis- tered the merits of the play. South Liverpool are a team to conjure with; they go for goal for all they are worth. They are not interested in the dainties of football, although, on occa- sions, they gave us episodes of the picturesque with their expert passing. From the kick-off— the ball was started by AsPinall—,it was obvious that a battle-royal was in the offing and War- rington engaged .with skill and determination.

An unfortunate circumstance was the un- avoidable and unexpected absence of George Whitfield, causing Fahey to be played at centre-half. With George as the pivot, I think there 'would have been nioie openings. niade ; as it was, however, in the first half the attacks were of equal number, and pretty frequent, too. Glover, at right-half, though, was rather weak —too unsteady and erratic—yet one must not forget that on two or three momentous occa- sions, particularly in the second half, he showed ingenuity in stopping' attacks, and whisked the ball up the field soundly. Owen and Gregson also were generally ineffective. All are players of finosse, but against the South such tactics are hopeless. Opposed to them were-. stolid stalwarts and they want some handling. Owen got badly shaken on two or three occasions, and, I think, a little nervousness was engendered. .

. That was the dominant weakness of the team. • Never at any .time, perhaps, were the forwards' brilliant, but, on the other hand, no palpable inefficiency brought tears. It was a fairly good line, even with Owen in his wrecked condition. The backs were splendid, and Kite was wonderful—the admired of the crowd, "a real hero he." And it was rather fortunate that Kite was astride his usual form. Very seldom when _South Liverpool shot was their aim far .out; often it was deadly accurate, and only the best of "goalies" could have defended their charges so well. He even saved a penalty shot, after about twenty minutes from the kick-off.' It was after Dawson and Parr had worked nicely Up the left, wing and Fahey had tripped the former in the penalty area. Bennett was entrusted with the free-kick, and, though shooting straight and fast, Kite's hands snatched the ball as in a vice, and, with .a bounce, it was away overhead. A director of South Liverpool told me that in his time Bennett has taken 31 penalty kicks, and this was the first one he has missed. Seven min- utes from time, when the South did score, Kite was in no wise to blame. By excellent com- bination. the . home -forwards had' got almost. within a stride—certainly within a hop, skip and a jump-P--of th 6 goalimmith, and a back failing not ingloricrusly—l think it was. Leak .-,the ball 'literally .ciiinbed' up , his figure,- over. his head, and, striking the. top of the net— the spectators yelled furiously at their victory. Though, I fancy, there was even then a sub-conscious feeling of sorrow that Kite had been beaten. for' they had an idep that Kite was about the best goalkeeper that was ever inade!

There were yet seven minutes to go. For a considerable time Liverpool had been attacking sternly and skilfully—an offensive en one wing having failed, they would try the other, and then down the centre. It was thrilling to watch. Never were backs more sorely tried, and nearly tbe whole of the Warrington men fen back to prevent their comrades' immersion. But it was the • adoption of this defensive method which culminated in the missing of an equalising goal. Ditchfield had sneaked th ball in the course of its passage to the centrb and forthwith winged it to Siitdall, who, ;void- ing Smith, slung it over to Owen, and he, after a swift dribble forward slipped the ball well into centre and there were only a back and the goalkeeper for the five to beat. Unfortunately. that "five" were only four, however, for Aspinall, intent on defending, and, presumably none too hopeful of the outburst of the left wink, had not yet come up to the line, tind Jenkinson pounced on the ball and relieved the situation for the South in splendid style.

For vigour South Liverpool cannot• be ex- celled in the League. They are not without subtlety either. In the latter half, when War- rington were facing a strong sun, Liverpool ballooned the ball continually in their attacks, and, our fellows, looking up, had difficulty in locating its flight. Liverpool knew what they were doing..

As stated already, the game was intensely in- teresting; every one admitted it to be an excel- lent exposition of the game by botlk teams; and that a very large crowd will be at the Dingle to-day may be anticipated with certainty. The possibility of seeing another game like that. on Saturday last is not .to be missed without good reason.

The teams were

Warrington: 'Kite; Leah and Millward; Glover, Fahey and Ditehfield; Gregson, SiddalL Aspinall, Giblin and Owen. South Liverpool: Moore; Weldin and Jenkin- son; Smith, Ted Williams and Owen Williams; Hall, Hannaway, Bennett, Dawson and Parr.

A strong team is going to South Liverpool to-day on the 1.50 from the Central Station. The players to be selected from are: Kite; Leah, Cookson and Milward; Heywood (Manchester United), Whitfield and Bullen; Aspinall, Siddall, Rubotham, Giblin and Owen.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE.

An the clubs in the above competition were engaged last week, and it is very evident froin the heavy scoring in some of the games that some of the Juniors have not been long in get- ting into their stride. No fewer 'than 27 goals were sco'red during the afternoon. The winning teams claim 23 send the losers had only four in their favour.

The St.' Elphin's played their first match on their new ground, and had Higbeebl Juniors as visitors. At the' close of play they were returned easy winners byl seven goals against one.

The Bewsey Adult School team Visited Victoria Park for the second week in .succession, but on this occasion they were in opposition to the Cadets. As both these teams were defeated the previous week a keen game was afiticipated, but the Bewsoy lads had come with a determination to wipe out the defeat of their previous visit, and were successful in scoring four )times in each half. The Cadets Must have been non. p/ussed by the performanT of their opponnts, as they were. only able to respond on one occasion. On the whole the display of the Cadets was disappointing. For the visitors Bradburn was in fine shooting form, claiming four of the goals, and Roylance (2), Fear and Schofield completed the total.

A Niery hard game was witnessed between the Recs. and Orford Juniors, the latter showing finer combination and were better target shooters, scored on four occasions, whilst the Recs. only replied once. Lockhart, despite the score against him, saved many fine shots, and

he received good assistance from Willcocks it back. The Juniors gave a. more evenly balanced nisplay and Witton was at his best at centre- half. Fitzgerald, Hurst and Belshaw were prominent in the front line, and Doughty was good in defence.

The Penketh Juniors surpassed their own •supporters ip their opening home fixture against Howley -United, and sustained defeat by four goals to one. This reverse was very dis- appointing to the home supporters, as the pre- vious week in their opening fixture on foreign soil they gained a very easy vietory over the Highfield Juniors. The meeting: with Howley was looked forvard to very confidently. There- fore the reverse was a great surprise to all con- nected with the club. Every credit must be given to the Howley lads for their victory, which was well-earned, as they were easily the better team on the day's play, and the honours of victory might be equally shared by all the team. Pearson, Glover, Thomasson and Moss were the yick of the home team.

During the progress of the match a very re- grettable accident happened to Watson, of the home team. It was during an attack by the visitors that he fell to the ground with his arm 'under him, and it was found that he had sus- tained a broken wrist. Everybody was very sympathetic with the unfortunate player, and wish him a speedy recovery.

Owing to the. war, -which has caused a great amount of uncertainty of being able to get sufficient players to form a team, the Emmanuel and the Warrington Central Clubs, who have been accustomed to play in the Vi Aoria lark for several seasons, and were only able to . get a team together as the football season com- menced, were; owing to the circumstances, com- pelled to delay making their application to the Parks Committee for permission to play in Victoria Park again. They have received re- plies that their applications are too late, as the grounds have already - been allotted to the Juniors. As the playing mentbers of these teams are engaged on munition work their applications should be reconsidered by the Parks Committee - and, additional.. space be. granted-. to .them, as there is one point which is greatly in the clubs' favour; that accommodation is .made for four Rugby grounds and only tw.3 for the Association . game, and amongst the juniors the Association game is more keenly followed than the Rugby game.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
VND DISTRICT 31 MOH ‘GUE.

P. W. L. D. F. A. PTS Howley United St. Elphin's Bewsey A.S. Penketh Juniors Orford Juniors Latchford • Recs. Latchford Cadets Highfield

===== 0002601_19160923_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH JUNIORS v. HOWLEY UNITED.

On the Recreation ground. Penketh Juniors: J. Moss; Newall, Thomasson; White, Watson, Boyle; Magee, Glover, Pearson, Ainsworth, Finch. Howley United: Walters; Rowlinson, Foster; Atherton, Miller, Hind; Boyle, Rylance, Davies, Woodhouse, Humphries.

Referee, Mr. P. Gosling. The visitors won the toss and played with the wind at their backs, and also the slope in their favour. Pearson set the ball rolling, and at once advanced to the visitors' goal, where the effort was spoiled by Finch being in an off-side position. From the ,free kick the visitors were enabled to make an assault on the home goal, where Newall and Thomasson defended finely. Some keen play was witnessed. and Miller, for the visitors, checked many attempts of the home forwards, and play was transferred to the home goal again, when a corner kick was conceded. This was well placed, and some lively exchanges took place in the home goalmouth, Davies finally hooking the ball between the uprights and opening the score for the`visitors. Encouraged by this success the visitors again attacked the home citadel very hotly and increased their lead. A few minutes later slack play by the home defenders allowed Boyle to get through and put the visitors further ahead. Halftime: Howley United. 3 goals; Penlath Juniors, nil. —The- homesters were quickly in , evidence in the second half, and .after several efforts had been re- pulsed by the visitors' backs, Pearson made a splendid individual effort and scored the best goal of the match for the home team. From the centre kick the visitors became aggressive, and the home backs were severely tested. A penalty kick was given for hands, and Woodhouse failed to add the points. The home team were handicapjPed by losing the services of Watson for the remainder of the game, the latter unfortunately breaking his wrist. The visitors now had the best of the exchanges, and Moss was cheered by the spectators for his fine goal- keeping. The home goal was captured again before the call of time. Result: 'Howley United, 4 goals; Penketh Juniors, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD CADETS v. BEWSEY A.S.

In the Victoria Park, before a fair crowd of spectators.

Cackets: Oreenhalgh; Williams, Jones; Porter, Massey, Cook; Cartwright, Ashton, Smith, Mayors, Gibson.

Bewsey A.S.: 'Perks; 'Main, Stephens; Worral, Kent, Dickenson.; Hassell, Roylance, Bradburn, Fear, Schofield. Refe.ree, Mr. R. Williams.

The opening exchanges were keenly tontested, and each goal NVas visited without any success. After ten minutes' play the Bewsey forwards combined well together, and Bradburn beat Greenhalgh with a good shot. The visitors were quickly on the aggressive again, but good play by Williams and Jones relieved the situation. Then followed ,a brief 'visit to the visitors' goal, where Main and Stephens proved too good for the home forwards. Bradburn again beat Greenhalgh, and this was followed with a third from Roylance. From the centre kick the Cadets made a strong rally, but Perks defied their efforts, and they had to retreat in defence of their' own goal. where Royla.nce wait successful again. Half-time: Bewsey A.S., 4 goals; Cadets, 1 goal. The pecond half opened in favour of the Cadets, and several determined efforts were repulsed by the visitors' defence, and following a spell of midfield play. Gibson broke away on the right and swung the ball over to Cartwright. The latter centred finely. for Smith to put the ball past Perks. After this the Cadets had to play on the defensive, and in suite of their efforts further goals were stored by Bradburn, Hassell. Fear and Schofield. Result: Bewsey A.S., 8 g,oahr; Latchford Cadets, 1 goal.

LATCHFORD RECS. V. ORFORD JUNIORS.

In Victoria, Park

Latchford Recs.: G. Lockhart; Cooper, Willcocks; Trainor, Guest, Fairbrother; James, Raymond, Green, Hesson, Dutton.

lOrford Juniors: J. Walters; Griffiths, Doughty;_ Jones, Witton, Austin,;„ Belsha.w, Clare, Hurst, Fitzgerald, Roughley.

Referee Mr. Burgess _ _

The Recs. at once visited the visitors' goal area, where Doughty relieved with a big kick, which en- abled the Juniors to transfer play to the home goal. Lockhart had to save shots in quick succession from Belshaw, Hurst and Fitzgerald. Even 'play was followed by another attack by the Juniors, when Austin opened their score with a hard drive. The Juniors were having the best of the game, and from a good centre by Fitzgerald. Witton obtained second goal. The Recs. adopted kick-and-rush tac- tics, and Green tested Walters with a long shot, but the latter proved very safe. A little later the game was being contested in the Recs.' half, and Lockhart, coming out of goal to meet a long shot, missed the ball, and Hurst had not much Oifficultv in scoring. Half-time: Orford, 3 goals; Recs., nil. Resuming, the Recs, played in determined fashion and were soon pegging away at the visitors' goal. Willcocks hitting the upright with a fast shot, but directly, after Green made amends by scoring for the Recs., The Orford lads combined well, and from:a good centre by Belshaw, Hurst was only a few inches wide with a low shot. Fitzgerald was playing well for the Juniors, and making a neat pass to Roughley, he enabled the latter to beat the home- backs and score the visitors' fourth goal. After midfield play Walters had to save a good shot from Jaines, and at t,'‘e opposite end Cooper intercepted Belshaw, when in a dangerous position. A well-placed. corner kick by Roughley was placed over the bar by -Witton. Result: Orford Juniors. 1 goals; Latchford Recs., 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

SANKCY ATHLETIn v. BRUNSWICK VILLA (EARLESTOWN).

The above clubs opened their season's fixtures last week with a friendly encounter on the Atherton Quay enclosure.

Sankey Athletic: Gleave; .Holden. Erinksman; Ashurst: Shaw, Worrall; W. Taylor, Hunt Lister, E._Taylor, Kenyon.

_ Brunswick Villa: Lawrence; Winders, Rodgers; Jackson, Walker, Vizard; Derricott, Hughes, Robotham, Collins, McDermott.

The opening exchanges were very even, and then the visitors assumed the aggressive. Robotham opened the score for them from a Penalty kick. The home team made several spirited attempts on the visitors' goal, but failed to break through the de- fence of Winders and Rodgers, and in a few min- utes the home team were defending very stub- bornly, Gleave and Holden clearing smartly on siveral occasions. Good combination from midfield by the visitors resulted in Collins registering their

===== 0002601_19160923_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
"For the Blood is the Life."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
DO YOU SUFFER

,nne money on Ket below the surf' awl what you nunit freA the bloottnt true ein§e -of an

01

219. Refuse Si

ibstltutes.

Sold everywhere in boxes, labelled Is-3d and 3s-Od.

from any SKIN or BLOOD DISEASE Stich as Rezerna.Scrotuia. Mut Legs. Abscesses. Wears, Glandular Swellings, Boils. Pimples, mores of any kind. Pilos, loqd Poison. Rheumatism. Gout. ac? • swt-ste Your end letion• 'hich ausnot want meetly ' • the

which,'

I

..a. Slof _ If so tioia and ointments . _L•face of the skin. What, Lsthave is a medicine that will thorrm, the poisonous !flat ter w h hic alone is . your suffering.. tlarke's Blood :Whitt.. is tilst sut-ili a medicine. It Is composed of ingre.dieuto which quickly expel from the •blaucl all impurities from whatever cause • arising, and by render- log it .clean and pure can be reli,!4:l upon to -s•ss• effect a lasting cure. Clarke S ilood 'hotaande of toterno.ials. Mixture leasant to take. if all Chemlsts and htores. per bottle. WILL CURE YOU PERMANENTLY.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1•11•17-Nimosi

===== 0002601_19160923_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
r r'r 1:

I

A.

Tel: No. 228

!4--: :',',' 1 .t,,,,.„,-:,.,.!;,, , ~ i, . , ?i . g ~ ,

COMPRISES:-

ri (

THE RUNCORN EXAMINER.

THB WIDNES EXAMINER.

"Jiv

.r,',4:.1 I ..-.,:i,,',..,' 1-.1: , ~,, ..::::, ~ z

Domestic Servants.

14. 1,11

1' il i I:. i ' 4 1:

k• If; ; 1 4'"; t•-• ,t. 4 a s "V

11, V

ffrj,

GIRL

.1•

~,. , .i.—P,:' ~ ..; tel t „..

Situations Vacant.

S BY AUCTION

TLYLOR, ci A TiMERS & Co"

AUCTIONEERS AND VALUERS, ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENTS, 15, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON.

-Sales by Auction, Valuations for Probate, Sale, or Mortgage, Rents Collected.

By Mr. HERBERT JOHNSON.

MO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY.— Parish's Patented Steam-jacketed Pan and Geyser (8 gals.); Whitewashing Machine (The Four Oaks), new; Shed in sections, 16ft. by 7ft.; Kennel fir sections (quite new), lift. 6in. by aft. 6in.; large Kennel in 2 compartments, 4ft. 6in. by sft. by 2ft.- 3in., with iron railings; transport -Dog•Box; 3ft. by 2ft.; 4 Smaller Dog Boxes (2 Quite new); 2-cylinder Garden Roller; Ransome's 10in. Lawn Mower; Slingsby's Sack Truck; Dust Bin, with cover; Garden Seat; Form; roll Wire Netting, 4ft. 3in., liin. mesh; one Roll, 4ft., in. mesh, both new; Garden Bar- ,row, small Barrow, Dog Tubs, Garden Frame Lights, airden Tools, quantity Corrugated Sheets, odd Timber, several dozen Plants in pots, large number of 10in. Plant Pots, and many sundries. Permits to view may be had from. and. tenders to be _sent to

HERBEIer JOHNSON; Auctioneer, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. N.B.—The Vendor will entertain an offer for the whole in one lot or separately.

THE WARRINGTON EXAXIINER SERIES OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER.

rrun EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON A- EXAMINER. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINEE.

•pREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS OF THE " WANTED " AND "ON SALE" CLASS ARE INSERTED IN ALL THE ABOVE MENTIONED NEWSPAPERS FOR ONE CHARGE ON THE FOLLOWING SCALES:-

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 .. 6d. .. is. 3d. .. 2s. Od. Be. 9d. 24 .. 9d. .. is. 10d. .. 3s. Od. ss. Od. 82 .. is. Od. .. 2s. 6d. .. 46. Od.' .;., 7s. 64. 40 .. is. 3d. .. .Id. .. ss. Od. ..• Be. 9d. 48 .. la. 64. .. Be. Bd. .."6s. 'Od. .. 10s. Os.

1 Us LACKPOOL. All classes of Servants .Wanted; Blackpool, St. Annes and Lytham; i enclose stamp.—Select Registry,. 91; Church-street, Blackpool. ..

CAPABLE WOMAN Wanted as Housekeeper; one with experience in domestic service pre- ferred; no washing; 3 in family; good wages (pro- gretsive) to suitable person; references.—Caress. 9, Moss-road, Winnington, Northwich.

COOK-GENERAL and House-Parlourmaid Wanted; small family; good wages and out- ings; non-basement, 9-roomed house.—Mrs. Binnie. 44. Platte-lane, Hampstead, London. -

COOK-GENERAL (good, plain) Wanted; two in family; three maids.—Apply Mrs. Raschen, The Highlands, Runcorn

CoOfi-GENERAL Wanted, small family, wages £26; also Housemaid-Waitresses and many Superior Generals.—Apply Miss Hudson, 27, Church-street, Warrington.

CIOOK-GENERAL Wanted, £25; 2 in family; housemaid-waitress kept; washing goes out; Protestant, abstainer, and reference required.—Mrs. Hughes. The Gables, Kersal, Manchester. 4

CIOOK-GENERAL Wanted by October 11, not over 40 (servants generally stay for years); Protestant preferred; washing done out; send copy reference, stating age, and wages required.— Burroughs. Mobr-lane, Gat Crosby, Liverpool. COOK mud Housemaid-Waitress Wanted; small fa,kmilY; Protestant; best references.— Write White House, Didsbury. Manchester. GENERAL (good, experienced) Wanted; fond of children; wages 10/-.---Handley, Springfield, Church-road, TJrmston.

GENtRAT, (experienced) Wanted; two in family; no washing.—Apply Mrs. J. H. Rams- bottom, Craigmore. Clitheroe. Lancashire.

GENERAL (good) Wanted; assistance given. -7-Apply Mrs. Jolley. 7, Palmyra-square, War- rifigtan.

GENEAL (capable) Wanted; small family; R middle or end October; £2O-£26; help given.- 18, Drummond-road. Hoylake.

ITIAXI DRIVERS (2) Required.; must be good _l. drivers.—Apply Lake, Lion GartigQ. •

1 T. ~ r‘A,. -, in 1 . 5i • I it .o.t 14 I ' A . i *.t- 1 .•1 $l.. • .., i A .., i • ' .1 C i I,j 'll - :'l', ...o ',... . 1 ,i'lL. • 7Atk. i'-':," .Itri',lo r ' . 1 A 1 ' ' „ l'l, 1. t;

-

===== 0002601_19160923_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
-..,1fie,,, 4 -,_..g

t' ";,, i ' '.-'' i il 4 X ? f g 354

===== 0002601_19160923_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
To Re Let.

WORRS or Warehouses, 4 extensive floors with lift and private water supnly; centre Of town.—Appl,y for particulars to Chas. KealeY, estate agent, 6, King-street, Warrington.

Shops, Businesses, iike.

Fipts, Poultry. &e.

Miscellaneous on Sale.

- - ON SALE, Galvanised Corrugated Sheets, Bft. long; gO. tons.—George Howard, Folly- lane Bridge, Warrington.

ABERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable Apartments, close to station and castle; terms moderate.— Proprietor, Bella Vista. Custom House-road.

BLACKPOOL—Jack Ashton, 50, Albert-road; comfortable Apartments; minute station and sea; terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL.—Homely Apartments, public or private; near Central Station.—Twist, 74, Central-road. (Late Rose Jones, Shrewsbury.)

COMFORTABLE ROOMS for the winter; terms moderate.—Apply 3, Sea View, Hoylake.

Medical.

LADIES FREE !—Please write for Free Trial of Dr. Wilson's Famous Tabloids for all irregulariti-ea, &c. Guaranteed under the, sum of .21,000 to effect a cure when all others fail. Acts like magicl Failure' impoisible. Thousands of unsolicited testimonials.- Advice free.—Nurse Kaye, 87, Great George-street. Leeds. LADIES. Nurse Hammond's Improved Remedies act in a few hours when, all else fails. Surpkisingly effective. Send stamped en- . velope for FREE SAMPLE to E. C. Hammond, 304, High Holborn, London. —lr—AMES.—Mrs. W. Wood, Medical Specialist in all Female Ailments, Irregularities, Anemia; etc. Do not waste time or money experimenting with unknown remedies when "Challenge Remedy" will cure you. Price 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. Advice free.— Mr. and Mrs. W. Wood. 20. Louis-street. Leeds. ADIES! SAVE needless EXPENSE, WORRY, and bitter DISAPPOINTMENT ,by sending to me AT FIRST for particulars of MY UNFAILING REMEDY for all FEMALE AIL- MENTS. which NEVER FAILS! GUARANTEED under the sum of £l,OOO TO CURE when ALL others fail. ACTS like Magic. Harmless, Inexpen- sive, Certain.

5,000 Testimonials. ADVICE FREE -MM. E. DEAN, " Castlemere," St. Annes-on-Sea.

WILY STAMMER? Particulars free.—Write The Charlesworth Co., "Speech Specialists," 47, Sankey-street, Warrington. _ _ _

WOMAN'S Reliable Friend. Harper's " Golden " Pills, as sold for over 20 years; harmless., but the most wonderful corrective for all Female Irregularities. Immediate relief when all else fails; no disappointments; price 1/3 and 2/9,• extra strong, 416.—Manager, Harper's Botanical Pharmacy, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1916. THANKS FOR THE HARVEST. BLIND MUSICIANS.

Wanted. ROUGH-HAIRED FOX DOG Wanted.— • Fern's Cafe, 75, Chapel-street, Salford.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
Churches Express Gratitude In Prayer And Song.

Thanks for the good harvest has been the theme of the services at several Warrington and district churches during the week and at the week-end.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN.

On Sunday the Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church held their harvest festival, and there was an abundance of gifts all tastefully arranged. In the morning the preacher was the Rev. A. J. Morton and in the evening the Pastor the Rev. W. T. Derry). The hymns sung were all appropriate, as also wer% the prayers offered. At the evening service the anthem "Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem" (Maunder) was sung by the choir; Mi.. Al E. Baker 'taking the solo part in praiseworthy style. Mr. -George Pendlebury presided at the organ. On Monday the gifts •fruit were sold for the benefit of the poor.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ANN'S.

" Harvest feslkival services in connection with St. •Ann's Church were field on Thursday, when the_Vicar, the Rev. James Davies, apd the Rev. J. R. Jones, vicar of Great Sankey, conducted the service, the "latter delivering the sermon. The musical part of the service contained the anthem, "Praise the Lord, 0 my soul" (Maunder), the solo in this being taken by Master H. Desley, who sang with a full and clear voice. Mr. W. B. Randles was at the organ. The services will be continued to- morrow.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PETER'S.

Harvest thanksgiving services were com- menced at St. Peter's Church on Thursday evening, when the special preacher was the Rev. Horace Gray, headmaster of the Bateler Grammar School. Special music was rendered in an efficient mariner by the choir, Mr. E. H. Padmore being at the organ. Simper's " Mag- nificat " and " Nunc Dimittis " were sung, as well as J. Barnby's anthem, " 0 Lord how manifold." Collections were taken on behalf of special church expenses. The services will be continued to-morrow (Sunday), when the preacher morning and evening will be the Rev. H. S. Bolton, vicar. of Ravenhead, and, in the afternoon, the Rev. T. M. Armour, curate, of St. Elphin's.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
LEGH-STREET PRIMITIVE.

The harvest festival services in connection with Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church were held on Sunday. The preacher was Rev. T. H. Hunt, of Southport. In the afternoon a sacred cantata, "A. song of, thanksgiving" (Maunder), was rendered by the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. A. Spruce. Mr. F. Gandy presided and gave an interesting address. Solos were rendered by Mrs. C. Worthington, Mrs. A. E.' Hoyle, Miss M. Jones, Mr. W. Tynan and Mr.. J. Dakin. • At the evening service the choir gave a good interpretation of Sullivan's anthem, "Hearken unto Me, My people," and Mr. Dakin sang " Christis Salvator " With ability. Mr. T. ,Tanner presided at the organ with his usual taste and judgment. On Mon- day evening a fruit banquet was held, when songs were given by Mrs. Hoyle :and iMiss Hamer, and recitations by hliss Edwards. Mr. J. F. Rowlands presided and the Rey. A. J. Chessum gave an address.. A sale of fruit and vegetables concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH lAIESLEYAN.

Harvest festival services were held in Stock- ton Heath Wesleyan Church on Sunday. Mr. M. H. Llewellyn preached at' the morning ser- vice, and the Rev. John Gunnell at the even- ing. In the afternoon a young people's service was held, when Mr. H. Brereton presided. Solos and recitations were given by the scholars,. and an address was delivered by the Rev. Frederick Hudson, the newly-appointed minister to War- rington Circuit. The church was beautifully decorated. Special anthems were sung by the choir at all the services, under the conductor- ship of Mr, F. Penketh, choirmaster. Mrs. G. Gould was organist. The fruit, flowers and vegetables were afterwards forwarded to the Raddon Court Hospital for the wounded soldiers, and the gifts were greatly appreciated. On Monday night there was a fruit banquet and social gathering in the schoolroom, which was largely attended. Songs were given by Miss Houghton and recitations by Mr. J. Sanson and Mrs. Percy meson. Refreshments were then served, after which the evening was spent in games.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The harvest festival services in connection with the Padgate Wesleyan Church were held on Sunday, the preacher in the morn- ing being Mr. J. Upson, of Warrington. Speak- ing from Hebrews NH., 11, he said that we are not to test or judge God's purposes by the process, but by the complete results. Why have not all the prayers been answered to end this great conflict? God is producing and perfect- tag all that is best in us.. We must have greater trust and confidence in God and learn the great lesson that is taught us, by the har,7 vest.

In the afternoon a children's service was held, conducted by the Rev. A. J. Morton. His chief thought was thankfulness to all who at any time did anything to help us; thanks to parents and teachers for kindnesses showri and thank- fulness to God for the .many benefits which we enjoy.

th-e Rev. A. J. Morton also conducted the evening service, and speaking from Genesis viii., 22, he pointed out that gold is all right for its purchasing powers, but if there is no corn to purchase it is useless. He also emphasised the unspeakable worth of thA farmer. The anthems "Angel voices ever singing " (E. Vine Hall) and "Praise the Lord, ye heavens adore Him" (Edmund Turner), were sung by the choir, Mr. W. H. Ward officiating at the organ. The church had been very taste- fully decorated for the occasion with fruits and flowers, which were afterwards distributed amongst the wounded soldiers at the Barracks and Whitecross Hospitals.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
_ CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR.

Handed Over To The Military At Stockton Heath.

Yesterday, before .a Special Court at Stockton Heath, composed of Messrs. James Hepherd and George Dakin, a young man, about 25 years of age, named Stanley Hillsborough Bodle, of Oaklands, Hunt's-lane, Latchford Without, was charged in custody with having failed to report. • Defendant Pleaded "Not Guilty."

Police-Constable Kelford stated that on the 30th May he received a notice from the Army authorities saying that the prisoner had been absent without leave since the 23rd May. He went to his home and saw his Mother, who said that he had left -home: . She showed witness a letter written by the prisoner, in which he stated that he was leaving home in ,order to avoid military Service and that he, would keep away until the Government recognised the conscientious objector. The previous night -witness met defendant in Hunt's-lane and asked him if he had anything to show. Why he was not in the Army. He replied: "No; r suppose you know I am a constientious objector and as such cannot recognise the military rultis." 'He admitted having received two notices to join Uri. Witness arrested him and brought him to the lock-up. Defendant said that what the witness had stated was, quite correct. Captain Luck, Chester Castle, gave, evidence -as to the service of notice calling defendant up. Defendant returned the notice with a letter -in the terms referred to by previous 'Witness. Sergeant Wilding said the prisoner had given the authorities a great deal of trotkble. Defendant said that according to the law he should be handed over to the. civil authorities. The Chairman said he was in the hands of the military authority at the present ,moment. Defendant said he ;could not take up Military duties, as it was against the -principles in which he had been brought up. The Chairman asked where he had been brought up. Defendant mentioned the International Bible Students' Association, who say that the whole teaching of the Bible' is onoc.se(no _war.

TheChOrnian: You will Jive to do your duty like everyone eNe.

I)efenl'ant: I am doing my duty, I -- The Chaiiman: You are not. You .should join the Colours. Defendant was then fined 40s. and handed Over to the military authorities.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
Unique Concert En Parr Hall Last Night.

EXQUISITE PERFORMANCE

Our greatest orator could not make a more striking appeal on behalf of our blinded heroes than the concert given in the Parr Hall last evening by a number of blind musicians. The occasion was unique, bearing in mind the object of the entertainment, and it is little won- der that there were few vacant seats: The blind pleaded for the blind, through the irresistible medium of Music, and what heart could remain unmoved by such .powerful eloquence? The National Institute for tbe Blind sent forth of ith best to‘ arouse and solidify sympathy on behalf of the stricken hi- mates of St. Dunstan's Hostel for our blinded soldiers and ailors'—men from whom the visual ,delights of this world have been blotted out for ever.

c- A pathetic note was struck is each per- former was gently led on the platform in 'front of the audience; but the tragedy of our blinded warriors was only half displayed. These musi- cians live in another world than ours. Some- one has said, "The brightest star shines in the darkest hour "—the star of hope. St. Dunstan's Hostel will open up new ambitions to those whose existence has suddenly become ,a blank. It is comparatively easy to-understand that :the Braille system. has developed musicians, but the natural gifts must be present, and this fact was demonstrated by our friends last evening. We had a blind composer, Mr. W. Wolstenholme, Mus.Bac. (Oxon), who delighted the audience with some peculiarly characteristic pianoforte solos. They were instructive as being wholly suggestive of sound. There was no sight colour; Witness the descriptive morceau, "The Tor- rent." His attitude at the instrument, his delicacy, precision and accuracy of touch were extraordinary when one remembered that the performer was blind. Most praiseworthy also were the violin selec- tions by Mr. Ernest Whitfield, who, although he walked on to the stage by himself, is almost blind and only able to distinguish between light and darkness. The violin, however, might naturally be considered the readiest and corn- pletest interpreter of a blind musician's soul. It was amply proved by his rendering of Saint- Saens's pretty composition, "Introduction and Rondo," with double stopping, and Sarasate's lively "Gipsy Melodies:" Of the vocalists there 'is nothing to say but praise. • Whether as soloists or in concert they sang most effectively. Miss Ada Jackson (soprano) .was loudly encored for her exquisite rendering •bf "_The Swallows" (Coen), and Mr. Angus Brown, who contributed "111 'sing thee songs of Araby" in faultless style, gave "Annie 'Laurie" as a r,e-call. Mr. E. E. W. Littlewood (baritone) and Miss Ada Thornewell (contralto) were no less •successful in their selections and were the recipients of well- merited applause. The concluding quartet, "Our Empire in Arms" (arranged by Collard), was a fine-spirited vocalistic.effort. The accompanist was Miss Ethel Bartlett, and Mr. Avalon Collard ably direoted•the\concert. During the interval Mr. Avalon Collard gave a short interesting address on the work of Our Blinded Soldiers and Sailors at St. Dunstan's Hostel, illustrated by lantern slides.

Tke artistes and audience were thanked by the Mayor (Alderman Peacock) and Sir Arthur Crosfield, ;Bart., the latter remarking, in addition, that he and Lady Crosfield had known Sir Arthur and Lady Pearson for many years, and had taken a deep interest in the work the eminent blind Baronet had carried on at St. Dunstan's, and it was at his suggestion to him (the speaker) that that con- cert was held. They had certainly had a great musical treat, and he hoped they would have similar one again. (Applause.) In coming that evening they had certainly been supporting one of the best institutions in the country. (Ap- plause.)

===== 0002601_19160923_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
A PILGRIMAGE OF THE ENIPIRE.

By Sir Arthur Crosfield, Bart. London: Eyre and Spottiswode, Ltd. 2s. 6d. net; cloth, is. This is a call to arms to England and to the Empire. "I have endeavoured," says the author in a very unnecessary apologia, "to convey some sense of the magnitude of all we are striving for"; and he has succeeded. Not one of the 139 stanzas but abounds with patriotism of peculiar dignity—even austerity. After the brief emotional passage with which the poem opens, the, appeal is more to the reason than to the impulse; and there is con- sequently disclosed a remarkable breadth of out- look in all branches of history and art. There are no bypath 4 to be wandered; the theme throughout is adhered to with an almost ruth- less concentration. Indeed, brevity would appear to have_been the illoet's one desire: "If, reader, it would seem that _we have tarried," he interjects after a passage to which one is tempted to apply his own phrase: Strains of a colour symphony sublime.

• .) The Spensermn metre is, of course, one beset with pitfalls: yet in this respect there are few slips in the "Pilgrimage," the scansion being consistently simple except in Stanza 19, where spondee and iambus alternate with e quaint effect. On the other hand there occur passages of considerable worth:

No palace, temple, amphitheatre, dome On which the toiling multitudes have spent Vast labour In grandeur and in dignity compare With Kar Nak : here 'tis poetry hath lent Repose and pathos; come in the night air. Reader, to view a scene so eloquent and fair. The plea for Greece's Alliance is extremely powerful, for here the poet is in his element: Greece and her destiny were hid by night: Lo! Venizelos spake and all was light.

In statesmanship and courage his career With loftiest traditions cloth' invite Noble comparison; a duty clear He demonstrtites for those who hold their honour dear.

" The Pilgrimage of the Empire," which is dedicated to all "who in the great war are, or have been, 'fighting the battle of the Empire." is, beautifully illustrated with a series of rare views in. British dominions and in the Mother Country itself, printed upon special leaves. The binding is admirably executed in dark cloth with gdld lettering. "A Pilgrimage of the Empire" is obtainable at all booksellers and iailway bookstalls. The entire profits arising from the sale of the book will be given to Sir Arthur Pearson's fund for those who have lost their eyesight in the war.'

===== 0002601_19160923_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

Village Soldier on Wondehs of India.—Private Leonard Smith, son of Mr. James and Mrs. Smith, Victoria-road, writing home, tells ,of the wonderful scenery he has lately been marching through in the Mysore district of India. The tropical vegetation, . so utterly opposite to our Lancashire flora, has 'held him spellbound . with its vastness and beauty. As his battalion were the first representatives of the British Army that most of the natives had ever -seen, their curiosity and excitement can be easily imagined. On one or two occasions they. had to dig down through the sand to obtain water for much-needed ablutions, but the liquid when reached proved .to be opaque and exceedingly dirty:- The one great excite- ment which will ever live in ,his memory was when His Highness Maharaja of Mysore sent an invitation to the whole of the battalion to be his -guest S for a day. The usual review was held, followed by the 'march past in various formations. When these military' functions were over the Maharaja's palace,- *ith its un- dreamed of brillianee; was thrown open to offi- cers and men for inspection. The magnificent building suddenly burst into a blaze of glorious light; some 15,0Q0 electric globes shone forth. With feelings of awe the party inspected gal- leries of choice. marble, ceilings beautifully moulded, delicately tinted, and gilded with per- fect workmanship; colours so perfectly blended and so softly shaded (seemed above the work of than); saw doors of sandalwood and silver, in- comparably carved and - chased; and went through the throne room into a state room, which held every eye spellbound with sheer delight; not forgetting a cosy music' room, re- plete with a grand piano . and a magnificent organ. Small wonder they came out of the palace amazed and excited, which ended in one and all giving vent to their feelings in the good old British way.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN corroN SPINNER

Sues Employers Unsuccessfully At County Court.

On Thursday, in the County Court, his Honour Judge Scott Fox heard an action in which Mrs. Beatrice Galvin, of 47, Eldon- street, Warrington, cotton spinner, sought for' compensation from • Messrs. Armitage and Rigby, Cockhedgo Mills, in respcct of injuries sustained by her pn the 26th May. The re- spondents denied liability on the ground that the injuries were not received in !Le course of applicant's employment. Mr. Spafford, barrigter (instructeil by Mr. C. H. Unsworth, Warrington), appeared for applicant, and Mr. Wingate Saul, barrister (in- structed by Mr. John Taylor, Manchester), represented the respondents. Mr. Spafford said that applicant, a married woman, had ,been employed by respondents, and was a cotton spinner. She was what was called "three-sider," meaning that she worked two sides of one loom and one side of another loom. Her wages were 12s. 4d. a week. Amongst her duties was that of keeping her machine clean. For that purpose an instrument was providett, which was passed along the frame. Over the cog-wheel at the end of the frame there was an iron cover, which could be raised. This system of cleaning by " wipers " had been only lately introduced , into the mill. Having done the wiping, it was necessary to raise this cover to take out the brush. About 12 o'clock on the 26th May applicant was cleaning the frame, and when she lifted the box with her left hand she saw a bobbin which had got to the cog-wheel. In trying to get at the bobbin her, right hand slipped on the cog-whels and the ends of the second and third fingers were caught. She went to the Infirmary and it was found neces- sary to amputate two of her fingers—the tip of one finger and the top of the other down to the second joint. She must have been a very courageous young woman because; an hour after the operation she came down to the mill awl saw, Mr. Ainswiorth, the manager, and Jim Hindes, the foreman. . - .

In reply to his Honour, Counsel said that applicant had not gone back to work and the Judge said that in that case the claim would be for half wages, 6s. 2d., until further order. Applicant, who is 23 years of age, stated that she had been a spinner since she was fifteen. It was the minder's business to clean the machine. She had always been told • to keep necessary things out of the cog-wheels which happened to fall in. Mr. Spafford : What do you mean by neces- sary things ?—Anything that might cauN,,, damage. If the bobbin had 'gone into the cog-wheel what would have 'happened P—There would be a breakdown and I would have had to make an explanation.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
Applicant Cross-examined.

Applicant said that on going back to the mill she saw Mr. Ainsworth, the manager, and he said she had no right to lift the cover up. She replied that Jim Hindes was always complain- ing to her about lost things being in the wheels, and Mr. Ainsworth said "Don't mind blaming it on Jim Hindes."

In cross-examination by Mr. Saul, applicant said the biabbin was under the axle and not under the wheel. While, as a matter of fact, it was not necessary to lift the cover to get the wiper out, because it could be done by break- ing the last thread, they did not break the last thread. They were shown how to lift the covers by Mr. Hindes: the cover was sometimes lifted up if the wheels were squeaking, and the over- looker would be sent for.

Mrs. Rutter, who had worled at the mill for about 12 years, also gave evidence. They were always told to keep the covers clear of any articles. If a bobbin chanced to get under the cover she would have taken it out; otherwise it would have cauSed damage to the frame. There was no notice posted up about the covers. Mr. Saul: Was it your ,business to fetch Hindes if you heard squeaking F—We should find out where the squeaking was first.

What the Overlooker Said.

The only witness called for the respondents was Mr. James Hinde, who had been in the position of overlooker in the mills for about 15 years. These wipers were not in use when applicant came into the employment. Those who started in the mill were told with regard to this particular thing that on no occasion were they to lift these covers to any extent any higher than it was necessary to get the wiper out. If the machine squeaked it was not their place to lift the cover, their duty was to stop the machine, because they had no idea what it was that was wrong. It would be a breach of duties, even if there was squeaking,. to lift up the cover. In all his experience he never knew of a bobbin getting under the cover. The only thing be knew of getting under the cover was a cleaning cloth, and then they should stop the frame to take it Out. By Mr. Spafford : It was left to the discretion of the girls whether they stopped the frame or reported it to him. He had never actually seen any girl open a gear box. It Was their duty to keep the boxes free, by senceng down the cleaning cloths. Mr. Saul (for the respondents) said that the box guard in question was put there as required by the Factory and Workshops' Act, by which employers are obliged to fence off securely any dangerous part of machinery. Counsel sub- mitted that the accident did not arise out of 4.r in the course of the applicant's employment. He asked his Honour to say that Mrs. Galvin knew that she had no right to lift this cover. and that it was her duty to stop the machine and report the matter._ .

his Honour said that he should come to the conclusion that his award must be for the respondents. There was a ,concensus of evidence that speaking generally,. these women were required not to touch this box at all. In; his opinion applicant had no obligation or excuse in regard to her duty to her employer upon such an occasion, or for such a reason to do what was against the whole rule and practice of the establishment and the whole purpose of the machinery, to insert her fingers into the jaws of this dangerous place. In his opinion the applicant's case failed. His award was. therefore, for the respondents. Mr. Saul said his clients did not ask for costs.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
STAGE AND KINEMA.

Royal Court Theatre. In these latter months, since Mr. Harry War- burton has been the manager, we have had a succession of interesting productions, well varied. .As a domestic drama, "The Little Grey- Home in the Wt," which is being staged this week by Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Vatighan's com- pany, has had few more successful rivals.

I saw it on the night it was first produced

at the theatre of the authoress, Mrs. F. G. Kimberley, and had the pleasure of writing a column notice of it for "The Stage." It was, therefore, as a renewal of old acquaintanceship that I met Mr. Vaughan the evening. For four years Mr. Vaughan and his wife, Miss Madge Douglas, have been touring Mrs.- Kim- berley's plays. They were here someotime ago in the "Prairie Outhyw," and the good 'impres- sion they gave then is maintained in "The Little Grey .Home in the West." Miss '.Douglas is a player of personality, and it was to suit her individuality, particularly, that Mrs. ,Kim- berley wrote the one now in possession. at the Royal Court. Dainty, demure and spirited, she makes ,a charming and fascinating Peggy,. •

•, The company itself,-as well as the scenery, is of excellent quality. Mr. Vaughan himself knows how to act and run a play. For a long time he was with thg Irish players. Seven or eight years ago he wits manager of the famous Abbey Theatre, Dublin. As for his speech, if he wanted to convince anyone that he wasn't Irish, he would have to do it in writing. has the brogue beautifully.

I have pleasure in announcing that Mr. John Foster Fraser, the brilliant journalist and lecturer, is coming to give. two war talks on a Sunday afternoon and evening in October. Most people know the raciness and knowledge with which he invests his writings, and, having heard him lecture on several occasions, I may say that they will find .him as interesting to listen to as he is to read.

Next week and hereafter twmatifiees a week will be given at the Royal Court—on Mondays and Thursdays. A better start off in the quality of plays and players need not be desired than Mr. Raynor and his repertoire. The plays he intends submitting are: Monday ,matinee and Saturday night, "A Bunch of Violets "; Mon- day and Wednesday nights,' 'mile Dancing Girl "; Tuesday and Thursday afternoon and evening, "Moths"; and on Friday , night, "Lady Huntworth's Experiment."

===== 0002601_19160923_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
Palace and Hippodrome.

The Hippodrome programmes have one special feature. They do not come within the strictures which we have recently read in the Pres. The turns are bright and inoffensive. Prominent this week is the turn of 'oden Williams, who .entertains with song and story. His songs and patriotic pieces are all original, while his problem 'play skit is a neat bit of work. He is clever and refined as well as original.

Mr. Williams has many happy memories of Warrington, where he has quite a number of friends'. lie was intimately connected with the, town ,not many years ago, when he acted as professional coach for the Operatic Society., Under his able directorship the society per- formed a number of operas with signal success, notably "The Pirates of Penzance" and "The Yeomen of the Guard."

In common with some of the best of Our platform entertainers he has delighted numer- ous audiences and followed their lead some years ago by appearing on the music-hall stage. ,He has been fortunate in so doing, as he has found his houses most appreciative and his experience up to the present has been one of continued success. He has been engaged for the whole, of the Macnaghten tour. Mr. Wil- liams has happy recollections of being person- ally congratulated by the late Sir Henry Irving, before whom he recited at the Manchester Arts Club.

Fred Mottle and Co. present a comedy sketch, "Poor Old George," which shows how a run- away proposition is frustrated. Gene Morelle, the comedy tramp musician, with his stage full of odds and ends, is very laughable; and Victor and Louis, golfer and Caddie, create much fun. Other good turns are :—L. Martinek, in orginal Lady Rag Doll act; the Seven Dandy Lassies, a troupe of clever children; Loie Conn, surprise cornettist; and Phyllis Bray, vocalist.

The bill for next week includes Harry Russell, the Irishman from York Mare; Allan MacDonald, in' a Scottish sketch; the "Two B'Hoys," Allan Martin and Walter O'Brien; and Flora and Alberta, in a hovel speciality. "Twists and Twirls." Then we are promised Rosa Hamel, who, as a caricaturist, draws. with both hands; Richard Rawson, in dramatic and humorous studies, and Les Van DeUrens, musi- cal acrobats.

Music hall goers will be pleased to learn that commencing on October 2nd, there will be a full variety show each Monday afternoon at 2.45 o'clock, when the performances will be exactly the same as at the evening entertain- ments.

The Khtemas. • There is now showing at the Star Kinema House, Church-street, a thrilling drama, "The Flash, of an Emerald," featuring Robert War- wick. For the first half of next week we are to have a Special triangle photo play "Peggy," 4n which Billy Burke is the chief character; and for the latter half a fine drama entitled "Hazel Kirke" and part one of a great serial story of circus life, "Peg o' the Ring."

At the Grand Electric 'Theatre, Marguerite Snow. is now appearing as Peg in "Peggy of the Cotton ' Mills." During the first half of next

week "The Blindness of Love," starring Grace Valentine, and the seventeenth episode of "The Diamond from the Sky" will be screened; while for the latter half there will be shown a fine classical and humorous four-act picture entitled "Niobe," featuring Hazel Dawn. ,

At the Pavilion there is now being screened "Sir," a picture-ised version of the novel by Sir H. Rider Haggard. For the first half of next week a splendid Transatlantic drama, in which Violet Mersereau and William Garwood. take leading parts, will be shown, the title Sf the film being "A Fight for Fortune," and also the seventeenth episode of "The Diamond from the Sky." During the lattnr half of the week tth, " star " picture will be f' I'our Feathers," a soul- stirring photo play, and the eighth adventure of Terence O'Rourke.

FOYER.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKHOUSE CONTRACTS.

Tenders Accepted By Board Of

Guardians. I' Tenders for the supply of goods to the War- rington Workhouse and Padgate Cottage Homes ! for the half-year commencing Ist October, 1916, to the 31st larch, 1917, have been sent to the Board of Guardians this week, and the following have been accepted :

===== 0002601_19160923_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKHOUSE.

Thirds, Joseph Mason and Co., Fearnhead; crockery, J. Roberts and Sons,- Leigh; kitchen utensils; J. S. .Garland; leather, T. E. and H. Porter, Liverpool; boots, Thos. Samuel, Liver- pool; paints, Ed. Allen, Warrington; brushes, Peers and Morton, Warrington; ironmongery, H. Davenport; electrical supplies, IL Bibby;' coke, Pendlebury and Co.; drapery, Lee and Clarke; soda water, Harold Smith.; Oxo, Messrs. Oxo, Ltd.; fish and ice, W. Chapman; coffins, W. Stephens, Warrington; meat; H. Singleton, Warrington; tobacco and snuff, Sudlow and Co., Warrington; 'coal and steam coal, Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd.j tailor's goods, .Lee and Clarke, Warrington; sweeping .chim- neys, W. Delooze; oatmeal and flour, H. Gandy and Co., Warrington; margarine, thenglish Margarine Works, Ltd., Liverpool; tea (officers), Mr. Rigby, Warrington; tea (inmates), J. J. Meakin, Manchester. COTTAGE HOMES.

Meat, H. Singleton, Warrington; flour, oat- meal and thirds, W. Barlow and Sons, War- rington ; brushes, Peers and Morton. Warring- ton; tailors' gooas, J. Critchley,. Warrington; leather, T. Samuel, Liverpool; drapery, Lee and Clarke, Warrington; coal, Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd.; milk, J. L. Fryer; tea, Mr. J. Rigby, Warrington.

11.-_LI:i ',-,',.,,;%:: .7:•i,..:k4,1-...1.4 ii•isi:44., -..::'4,ii...:,....,,4'-',i.P

===== 0002601_19160923_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
,

RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED.

PYRAMIDS OF FLOWERS.

Gorgeous Exhibition By Blind And Crippled Girls. i

•A wonderfully charming scene meets the elO as one . enters the Co-operative Hall, Sanker street, where a floral exhibition and sale of beautiful artificial flowers, made by blind and crippled girls, was started yesterday afternoon, and will continue until the 30th inst. The hall is a blaze of colour. Thousands of myriad coloured flowers grace lattice-work stalls all round the room and in the centre. 111111 platform is a picture, and from it strains o music, vocal and instrumental, are continik ously coming. Tea gardens give it a social 0:e well as horticultural complexion. Seated in various parts of the hall, making more flowers, are poor crippled girls. The opening ceremony took place yesterdaY afternoon, in the presence of a large gatherinf of friends. The affair has the support cm' churches of all denominations. Ladies fool -nearly every church and chapel in the town are giving their services as stall-holders. . Among those with the Mayor (Alderman Peter Peacock) on the platform yesterday I%.ere Mrs. Rylands, Sir Arthur Croeld, Bit, the A. Pc-vs. Canons Willis and Stevnnson, and the Revs. B. Percival, W. T. Derry, T. T. Jan° and H. Ogden. In a short speech, the Mayor gave the exhibi tion a happy send-off, mentioning that 017 crippled girls had made all that wonderfn' array of flowers, and by purchasing their wares they were helping them to be self-,supportink The best help was self-help. Practical Self-Help. Mr. Ernest Trott, who represents the Jelin:, Groom's Crippleage and Flower Girls' Missin' (London), said the institution ranked as one of national importance. Besides accothmodat- ing crippled girls during the fifty years of it° - existence, the institution had been instrurann tal in rescuing from the dangers of street life three thousand girls and finding for them suit: able employment. There was a great deal force in the argument that life was not worth living for those that were afflicted, and the/ were doing all they could to make them hapPY. and useful by making them wage-earners int!: pleasant way. In a year, throughout 0%7" country, as much as two million pounds spent 'in the purchasing .of artificialflovver6i; and they had their "share in that amount. there were any crippled girls in Warrlllgtl who did not know what to do for a living, an they came ':within the rules of the institutioill they would be pleased. to give them a trial alle help them on the way to becoming wage- earners. Mrs. Rylands, who declared the exhibition open, thought they ought to do everything rs support that organisation. Many of the gird were from poor homes and Workhouses, en without that work they had no happy future' Sir Arthur Crosficld And The Sure path T° Happiness. Walking by the aid of a crutch, a criPPle4, girl then presented Mrs. Rylands with

beautiful bouquet. The pleasure of proposing a vote. of 011n3? to the Mayor and Mrs. RYlands was in the hanns of Sir Arthur Crosfield, Bart. He also took dr opportunity of expressing the hope that the el': hibition would be a great and practical sueees.',: lie thought that one of the greatest factors 119 the work was that it helped to make the gi happier and more self-respecting, because, their occupation, they were able to accoi3ll9r what was both ust-ful and pleasant. And, alwo all, there wkis no surer path to happiness thd• the feeling that one was doing something 11,r,s ful and pleasant. (Hear, hear.) John BrigT'a definition of happiness was that it was pleasurable occupation with a sense of Pr4.l; gress," and let them hope that those poor might, to no small extent, share that feeloll'. (Applause.) The Rev. W. T. Derry seconded the Pr 0173-1.1, tion, remarking that the fact that they Cripples' Guild in Warrington showed tilL/37', they took an interest in afflicted people, an" to was sure it would be an inceir!:ve to them. t help in every way they could. The conaPl,BlT:o they sometimes heard that they ought linldid support charities unless for war purposes jcl not apply in this .case, for besides being all -cbr society, they had a war flavour, because'alrea several children of dead soldiers had been tillft,eo into the orphanage in connection with -0". society. (Applause.) The motion ,motion having been carried en astically, there was a general inspection ca.; flowers and the money began to jingle rnerrill.

===== 0002601_19160923_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE ON FIRE LAST NIGIIT.

During the temporary absence at the Pall and Hippodrome of Mr. and Mrs. Crane, West-street, a fire broke out at their residerl about nine o'clock last ,night. The Fire gade was summoned, and, in the meanthe , buckets of water were effectively used ,by t, neighbours. The outbreqk was subdued in aboub twenty minutes, but no before the kitchen had been badly damaged • Printed and published by John Walker andll C°- (Warrington) Limited, at the Ex1)1°11. General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, 1V11: rington; also published by them nti EXAMINER Offices, 2, Victoria-road, Wiallest' 32, George-street, St. Edens; 3, Market-stree .Earlestown, all in the County of Lancastert' and at Church-street, Runcorn, in. the Coun of Chester,

. A

• • •

===== 0002601_19160923_art0168.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
) ~..

===== 0002601_19160923_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
JEWSBURY & BROWN'S Manchester Dry Ginger Ale is the Supreme Beverage. -t Insist on Havinz . -4,: c't!',. Brand 3 By Appointment to .H.M. the King. -

WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. BEWSEY-ST.. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT. 24th. Morning, 10.30: Rev. T. W. BOND (St. Helens). Evening, 6.30: Rev. C. P. PITT, B.A. P.S.A. FOR MEN at 3 p.m. ELMWOOD-AVENUE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. Off PADGATE-LANE. TO-110iROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 24th. CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. Morning. 10.45: Rev. C. P. PITT, B.A. Evening, 6.30: Rev. .W. BOND (St. Helens). COLLECTIONS in aid of Church Funds.

OL D-S T REET WESLEYAN . CHURCH. HARVEST FESTIVAL. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT, 24th. 10.30 a.m.: Rev. F. HUDSON. Smari's Te Deum." 6.20 p.m.: Rev. PERCY INESON. Subject: "The Everlasting Mercy." Anthem: "Praise the Lord, 0 Jcrusalem " (Maunder). PASTOR'S ANNIVERSARY. THURSDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 28th. 4 pin.: Service. 7.30: Public Meeting,. , Rev. T. A. TURNEY (Liverpool). TEA at 6 o'clock, 6d. each. EW SE Y -RO A D WESI,EYAN CHURCH—. 41' TO:MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 24th. Morning, 10.30: Rev. J. GUNNELL. • Evening, 6.30: Mr. C. E PARKER, J.P.

nA.PTIST CHURCH. LATCHFORD. 41LaP TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 24th. Morning, 10.30. Evening, 6. , Preacher: Mr. J. S. RICHARDS. PAIRO-STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. 7,-) TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 24th. 7 HARVEST FESTIVAL SERVICES. Morning, 10.30. Evening, 6.30. Preacher: Rev. D. J. EVANS, Chester. SPECI.A:L MUSIC BY CHOIR. A Hearty Invitation given to All. CHRISTADELPHIAN MEETING ROOM, BOLD-STREET. WARRINGTON. ries Bible Address SUNDAY NEXT. at 6.30 p.m. Subject: " The Jews and Palestine: The growing demand for nationalisation and its prospects." . By Mr. S. F. WILSON,- of Stockport.

CtOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. ‘..4- TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT. 24th. Preacher: ev. H. OGDEN. . Morning, 10.45: "The City of God." Evening, 6.30: "Religion in Back Streets." Harvest and Pastor's Anniversary, October Ist. I RIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, LEGH-STREET. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 24th. Morning, 10.30. Evening, 6.30. Preacher: Rev. A. J. CHESSUM. T. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 24th. Services: 10.45 and 6.30 (Communion Service). Preacher: Rev. JOHN RIDDELL, 8.D., of Manchester, Interim Moderator.

P. ANN'S PARISH CHURCH, WINWICK-ROAD. THANKSGIVING SERVICES TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 24th. Sl3ecial Preachers: 10.30, a.m., The VICAR. 2.30 p.m., The VICAR (Offertory for Missionary Fund). 6.30 p.m., The Rev. H. GRAY, M.A., Head Master of the Grammar School. Thank Offerings for the Curate, Lay Reader, and Deaconess Fund. Gifts of Fruits and Eggs are desired for the Sick and Wounded Soldiers.

Public Notices. INDEPENDENT METHODIST CONNEXION . AUTUMNAL CONVENTION will bq held ON S--1." -,r7TitbA AT GRAPPENHALL CHAPEL. , Convention commences at 3 p.m,. and ADDRESSES will be given by Mrs. EMBLETON, Miss GREEN and Mr. J. W. BERRY. AT 6.15 A PUBLIC MEETING . follows, over which Councillor HENSHALL presides. Public Invited. WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. PRACTICES WILL BE RESUMED, for Chorus and Orchestra, in CAIRO-STREET SCHOOLROOM on. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER '26th, at 7.30 p.m. The Conductor will be in attendance at 6.50 to receive intending new members. In the present shortage of men, owing to the war, the Committee will welcome the services of all male singers, especially those who may have come into the town on munition work, and who have not yet attached themselves to any choral society or choir. Such vocalists may join the Musical Society's Chorus without the payment of any fees, the only expense they will be put to being the cost of music, _Which, for the first concert, will not exceed is. 6d. Evening dress not essential at the concert. 'WARRINGTON SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION SPECIAL MEETINGS. VISIT OF •REV. W. MELVILLE HARRIS, Secretary of Young People's Department of the Congregational Union. SPECIAL MEETINGS IN WYCLIFFE MEMORIAL HALL, THIS DAY (SATURDAY), at 3.30 and 7 o'clock. TEA at 5.0. followed by Tea Table Conference. Teachers and Workers among the Young are cordially invited. • UNITED SCHOLARS' SERVICE, . BOLD-STREET CHAPEL, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), at 2.30. Speaker: ALDERMAN TOWNESTD. of Middleton.

THE WI TER CAMPAIGN. ...I COMFORTS FOR OUR TROOPS AT THE -rßONT—France. Mesopotamia, Egypt, Salonica,-- and for our SOLDIERS IN HOSPITAL at home and abroad. The Warrington Branch of the National Com- ttee, comprising over 500 ladies, has already made and despatched through Sir Edward Ward, Director- Generaj. many thousands of articles. Materials for making and providing urgently- needed supplies to prevent Frostbite, Rheumatism, Chest Troubles and other evils, inevitable in trench warfare, must be secured at once. For this purpose 4:300 (and more later) is urgently needed, as the Committee's Funds are exhausted. TIME IS SHORT! PLEASE HELP! Subscriptions may be sent to THE MAYOR (ALDERMAN P. PEACOCK), or to T. H. SMETHURST, Chairman, HENRY COLLIN, Hon. Sec., MISS WHITE, Holly House, Sankey-st.

41. „ 4gf. . 71, • .c. 431 • • , -WARRINGTON CORPORATION GAS DEPARTMENT. - ,At the urgent request of the Government the "as Committee have consented to extract more I")irit from the Gas. • ,Consumers are advised to. REPLACE ALL .t.tLAT FLAME BURNERS 'BY • INCAN- "ES,CENT LIGHTS, which will be Much more economical. W. S. HADDOCK, General Manager. 6as Offices, Mersey-street, September 7th, 1916.

. HIPPODROME. , 6.45. 'TWICE NIGHTLY. 8.45. MONDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 25th. ALLAN MACDONALD, in "The Elder of the Kirk." . ALLAN MARTIN & WALTER O'BRIEN rind a Piano. HARRY RUSSELL, the Irishman from Yorkshire. FLORA St ALBERTA, in "Twists and Twirls." ROSA HAMEL, Singing Caricaturist. HARRY REASON, • the Lancashire Comedian. RICHARD RAWSON, the Popular Actor. LES VAN DEURENS, The Famous Musical Acrobats... Gallery, 3d.; Pit, 4d.; grand Circle. 6d.; Stalls, V-. STAR KINEMA. MATINEES DAILY AT 3. EVENINGS at 6.30 and 8:30. MONDAY, TUESDAY, and WEDNESDAY, Special Triangle Photo-play, " PEGGY," featuring Billy Burke. Triangle Pictures are a Constant delight. TE.URSDAY. FRIDAY, and SATURDAY: "HAZEL KIRKE." A fine drama by Pathe Freres. "PEG 0' THE RING." Part one of a great serial story of circus featuring Lucille Love. • GRAND ELEISitPEZETtINRE, MONDAY,- TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY, •• THE 4LINDNESS OF LOVE," featuring Grace Valentine. SEVENTEENTH EPISODE, -A "THE DIAMOND FROM THE SKY." Dr. Jerry, Gazette and Interest. THURSDAY, FRIDAY et SATURDAY. A week-end .of mirth. See " NIOBE " in a classical and humorous play of 4 acts, featuring Hazel Dawn Farcical comedy, "Only a Messenger Boy," Gazette and John Bull's Sketch Book. Oct. 2. Battle of the Somme. _ Oct. 5. Ist Episode "Peg o' the Rine' • _

BEGIN YO JR WHIER STUDY AT THE Warr'ligion Commercial .School • AND TYPEWRITER DEPOT, Princir.al : J. MARSH, F.lnc.S T.,,A.8.T. (Teachers' Diplothas). 0 CunRICULUM: Shorthand, Commercial Arithmetic, Typewriting, Commercial Correspondence Book-keeping, English, Business, Methods, - Handwriting, Spanish. Practical Mathematics. DAY AND EVENING TUITION. Popular Fees. Specialised Courses. Prospectus Free.. NEW BRIDGE BUILDINGS, 5, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON.

G. H. Whitney, Manager for Ed. Connor, who is retiring from business, begs to inform the public .that he has commenced business en his own account at SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. 'Cabs, Landaus, &c., for hire at any hour. Good Stabling and Garage Accommodation. Funerals Completely Furnished. Personal Supervision Throughout. Tel. No.

RAPID AND CERTAIN PROMOTION follows a course of training at THE DE BEAR SCHOOLS SHORTHAND. COMMERCIAL TYPEWRITING. ARITHMETIC. ENGLISH. COMMERCIAL BUSINESS METHODS CORRESPONDENCE. BOOK-KEEPING. HANDWRITING. etc. Day and Evening Sections may be Joined at any time. Descriptive prospectus (post free) from TIIE PRINCIPAL, The De Bear Schools, Ltd., Buttermarket Street, Warrington (corner of Bank St.)

PAVILION, sikNEY ,RAER:' Continuous 'Performance, 6.30 to 10.30. Matinees, Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays. at 2.45. MONDAY. TUESDAY. & WEDNESDAY, Exclusive to this Hall: "A FIGHT FOR FORTUNE." A splendid four-part Transatlantic Drama, featur- ing Violet Mersereau and William Garwood. SEVENTEENTH EPISODE, "THE DIAMOND FROM THE SKY " : The King of Diamonds and the Queen of Hearts." THURSDAY, FRIDAY, & SATURDAY, "FOUR FEATHERS." A soul-stirring photo play. Bth Adventure: TERENCE O'ROURKE. , Keystone Komedie, &c.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive LOANS either for six months' notice or for a term of years. Applications, stating amount for investment, to be made to the Borough Treasurer, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists in Canisters, 7d.. 1/2. and 2/4 each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

RE-VISIT AFTER AN ABSENCE OF FOUR YEARS. CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO-STREET, WARRINGTON. SEPTEMBER 23, 25, 26, 27; 28. '29, and O. 1916. GRAND FLORAL EXHIBITION AND SALE OF BEAUTIFUL ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS MADE BY BLIND AND CRIPPLED GIRLS. THIS DAY (SATURDAY), SEPTEMBER 23rd, AND EACH DAY NEXT WEEK. ADMISSION FREE. MUSIC. REFRESHMENTS.

WILL 10b ACCEPT TYPEWRITING AND COPYING WORK "WITH WOOD'S COLLEGE COMPLIMENTS"? In consideration of the prevailing depletion of clerical staffs, we have decided to execute work for patriotic firms in this district— FREE OF CHARGE "for the duration of War." We have an excellent staff of skilled operators, and strict privacy is guar- anteed. We will undertake to address envelopes, type Circulars, Form Letters, Postcards, MSS., Specifi- cations, Duplicating, Sta- tionery to be supplied to us Anyone engaged in phil- anthropic and national work is especially invited to place work with us. Address- -15, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

OLYMPIA, LIVERPOOL, 6.40 d: 8.50. " RAZZLE - DAZZLE," ALBERT DE COURVILLE'S MONSTER PRODUCTION. See the Great SCOTTISH, INDIAN and THEATRE SCENES. Brilliant cast includes HERBERT DARNLEY, E.DNA MORGAN. and SUPER BEAUTY CHORUS of 120. Stalls. 2/8, 2/-, 1/6; Circle, 1/-. Seats booked free by post or 'phone, 365 ..knfield. Liverpool.

Legal Notice. NOTICE.—All parties having claims against the late Dr. JOSEPH ADAMS, of 93, .Bewsey- street, Warrington, are Requested to lodge the same with the Subscribers within 14 days from this date, and all parties indebted to the Deceased are Re- quested to make payment forthwith to the Sub- scribers. ROWLEY, ORR & CO., Agents for Deceased's Executors. 93. West Regent-street, Glasgow, 21st September, 1916.

Subscription Lists. BRITISH RED CROSS SOCIETY.—Messrs. George Plumptian, Ltd., Albion Works, employee' weekly subscriptions, 18s. sd. Received with thanks by local Hon. Treasurer.

(NOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. ‘..) TOBACCO FUND FOR THE 2rin & 4TE SOUTH LANCS. AT THE FRONT. s. d. Pearson & Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., 41st contribution Arthur Barff, per Editor "Warring- ton Guardian" Amount in hand £3716 9 Cost of each consignment, .240. Last con- signment, 126 July, 1916.

WAR PRISONERS' FUND. ..2 s. d. Amount previously acknowledged 2137 13 7 Net proceeds of Monster Draw John Griffiths John B. Naden Pearson & Knowles Coal & Iron Co , Ltd., 41st contribution Richmond's Employes' War Relief Fund Misses Clarke-Jervoise Miss S. M. Radcliffe. Teachers and Scholars, Bolton School, Infants' Department Collected at performance by Pupils of Beech House School, Stockton Heath United Operative Plumbers' Associa- tion ojo 0 F.W.G. .22,767 15 6 Week's contributions to Sept. 22nd £630 is. 11d. CONTRIBUTIONS to the various RELIEF FUNDS may be sent to the MAYOR, or to Mr. John Fairhurst, Bank IlDuse, Warrington,

HAVE YOU TRIED WHITE (SOB SELF.RAISING FLOUR? IF NOT, WHY NOT? Wholesale by J. POVEY & SON, Ltd., MIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

TO MANUFACTURERS ONLY.—THE COM- MISSIONERS of HIS MAJESTY'S WORKS, &c.: are prepared to receive TENDERS for the Supply of 1,500 DOZEN, TUMBLERS. Forms of Tender, Conditions of Contract, and all particulars may be obtained on application to The Controller of Supplies, H.M. Office of Works, King Charles-street, Westminster, Lon- don, S.W. The Commissioners do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. Tenders must be delivered, before 11 a.m. on Wednesday, the 27th September, 1916, -addressed to The Secretary, H.M. Office of Works, &c.. Storey's Gate, London, S.W., and 'endorsed "Tender for Tumblers." EM. Office of Works, &c., 20th September, 1916.

THELWALL HEYS MILITARY •CON VALESCENT HOME. AN ABSTRACT OF RECEIPTS AND EPENDITURE for year ended 30th April, 1916

Royal Court Theatre, Warrington. MONDAY NEXT, and during the week, twice nightly at 6.45 and 8.45. Matinees Monday & Thursday at 2.45. Mr. RAYNOR presents his principal company, including Miss ENNIS LAWSON, in a Repertoire of Famous Plays. MONDAY MATINEE and SATURDAY NIGHT - ) c I,unch of Violets. MONDAY and WEDNES- DAY NIGHTS 5 The Dancing Girl. TUESDAY & THURSDAY -) NIGHTS 8/ THURSDAY Moths. NiATINEE - _) FRIDAY NIGHT (5 Lady Huntworths Experiment oriLy 1-NTIL Ft TIIEI NOTICE.—In addition lo the usual Monday Matinee there milt be an EXTRA MATINEE EACH THURSDAY AT AV Seats may be bookt..e in advance -to Stalls and Circle. No •Rooking Fe(- will fie chr,rgcd.

HIPPODROME, Warrington. COMMENCING MONDAY, OCTOBER 2nd, there will be a Full Variety Matinee EVERY MONDAY at 2.45. PERFORMANCE EXACTLY AS AT NIGHT. Early Doors 2.15. Ordinary Doors 2.35. PRICES AS USUAL.

IT is only an able service which can produce, not half a dozen, but half a hundred fashionable modes, each with its distinction of detail, some exclusive feature of material, of shade or finish. it is only an able service which can set upon a dainty production just that touch of originality in artistic detail which appeals to every judge of fashionable attire. It is the service we offer you to-day, certain of our ability to please you. Prices are exceptionally moderate. Patterns, complete estimates and full details, post free of charge. J. & W. DUTTON, Ltd. SANKEY STREET, •• WARRINGTON. •• •• ••

Special Value in Blankets 17/6, 18/6, 19/6 PER PAIR, AND UPWARDS. \ Worth 2/6 to 5/- per pair more. ARMY BLANKETS, 9/6 ,AND 11/6 PER PAIR. FLANNELETTE BLANKETS FROM 4/11 PER PAIR. REAL DOWN MALTS, IN HANDSOME DESIGNS, from 15/6. THISTLE DOWN QUILTS FROM 9/6. , E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

Warrington Co=operative Society, DRAPERY DEPARTMENT. MANTLES, COSTUMES & FURS. Continuous Displays are now being made of Ladies' and Children's Winter Coats and Costumes. 7, Length Natural Musquash Fur Coat, price £l4 10s. Pony Skin Coat, Trimmed Fur, £7 10s. Blanket Cloth Coats, in all shades, from 21j6. Nap Cloth from 50/4- These goods are all marked at much below to-day's prices.

J. MOUNFIELD & SONS (Proprietor, ARTHUR MOUNFIELD), FUNERALSBY CABINET MAKERS. J. MOUNFIELD & SONS Offices: 15, Church St. and Dutton St. The BEST. 15, Church St. & Dutton St. Tel. 99. Repairs to Property.

Pianos to be Sold* s. d. Piano by KELLY (Marquetrie Panel, Walnut.) Piano by OLIVER (In Rosewood Case and Sconce.) Piano by BROADWOOD (In Rosewood Case and Sconce.) Piano by DALMAINE (Walnut Case.) Piano by BOND (Trichord, Mahogany, Splendid Condition.) Piano by PLEYEL (Trichord, Mahogany, Splendid Condition.) Piano by COLLARD (Walnut Case.) Piano by HOPKINSON (Rosewood Case and Sconce.) Piano by BISHOP (Splendid Condition.) Piano by ALLISON (Walnut Case, Sconce, and Marquetrie.) Piano by OETZMAN (In Excellent Condition, Rosewood Case.) Each Piano Tuned Free for 12 Months, and One Term's Tuition Free. DAWSON' S 59, Sankey St., Warrington.

ISYJE-GTLASSES Have a pair which will improve your personal appearance. Our Stock in- cludes the Newest Productions which are the last word in daintiness. Call and see our speciality, the " KRYPTOK " invisible bi-focal lenses. R. JACKSON MOSS, 69, LONDON-RD., STOCKTON HEATH.

Telephone 179. Telegrams: "Cunningham. Warrington." B. CITNNINGHAM, BREWER. WARRINGTON. CROWN ALE, OATMEAL STOUT, EXTRA STOUT TANNER BROTHERS, CASH OR TERMS TO SUIT CUSTOMERS. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. 27, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. (Next to Central Station.)

EXPERT Shorthand in 4 lessons, complete home-learning book, 1/6 post free.—Foxall. G 7, Morgan Mansions, Holloway, London. N.

FOR SOLO AND SIDECAR s,-----.. .. : C) a 7. / Wrq:•4 ~.1C:1-7.....]'..,77 - RIDE AS . B. ~,,, 41/4 h.p. MOTOR BICYCLE Fitted with Counterahaft Three Speed Gear. • We can supply you with any ' B.S.A. model. JOSEPH KNOX PADGATE LANE, WARRINGTON. 40 Latest B.S.A. Catalogue free. *

***44*******444 I * * * Indian Tea * * * * * * - ~,......, We are all studying economy lust now. One 4- 1 :tit ,*? genuine economy is to go to MILLING'S * V „ll' AI • and buy some of their excellent * Az * :-.- 41,4 Indian Tea * * ..A,,,,,,,g0 i *, which s tested, blended, and packed in 2t€ * : •,i(.-,,,:/ .7k. Atf.:;,_ Warrington, and therefore gives the best * h r and most generous ouo when infused in * , ..%41 liarrington water. I -.-- • vc:• olii.:N PRICE 2/6 PER LB. * , • , iiiii - I Samples on application to 4te, * * HENRY MILLING. & Co., Ltd., * * $ 'Phone Is2Horsemarket Street, & Corporation Street, 45. * WARRINGTON. 1 * . *

STOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL,- STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from Car Terminus.) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten, Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, exten- sive ground and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great successes in examinations. Prospectus, references - and views on application to MISS PARTINGTO.N. Principal _ •

T' PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL, WA REINCT: TON.—Day and Boarding School for Girls. Kindergarten and Preparatory School for Buys. —Principal, Miss DRING, L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff am eludes B.A. and L.R.A.M. Next Term commenros Wednesday, September 20th.

HAIRCOMBINGS made up, 2e. per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 From 3s. 6d. each. HAIR. [r. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET. (Car station). LIVERPOOL.

WARRING-TON & SOUTH LANCASHIRE , , V V INVESTMENT CORPORATION. LTD. 1 4. ‘ r Registered Office: 1 11, MILL-STREET, WARRINGTON. The Corporation is prepared to make ADVANCES upon interests or expectations under wills and life ' policies, or other securities, or to purchase the , same outright. For further particulars apply as above. J. GREEN CHAPPELL, Secretary. ]DEAL WITH A FIRM HIGHLY MENDED. £2O to £5,000 on Note of Hand to All Classes. . v i., Cash Posted Privately. No Expenses Incurred. £25 Repay £1 Monthly ) £ 100 Repay £4 Monthly. 3 £5O „ £2 , I i"200 ~ £8 Or Repayable Quarterly, Half-yearly, or Yearly H. KERMAN, i 5, NEW BROWN-STREET. MANCHESTER. , 25 TO £5,000 LENT DAILY ON TklEtll 4 TERMS for agreed periods:— , £5 loan, Repay £5 10s. £25 loan. Repay £27 30e. i £lO „ „ £ll £3O .. .. ~ ~1 £33_ £l5 £l6 10s. £5O ~ ~ £5O £2O „ „ £22 £lOO ~110 No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special :( attention to applicants from this district. 1-'1 CHARLES PAIXIN, . 4, 219, BRUNSWICK - STREET, OXFORD-ROAD, ... MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON-STREET A (over Bradley's Clbthing Shop). NORTHWICH. f_..,

ONE HALF-POUND TIN OF ROBINSON'S -twit"' BARLEY makes about 16 QUARTS of delicious satisfying BARLEY WATER. Total cost (including sugar and flavouring) about 076T10 112,11ZD4 7PNCIIt QU'AILNIT I How's that for Economy? •

aTard THE UNIVERSAL CAR The Ford Van is not found wanting. It displaces horses, handcarts, and about half the usual delivery charges. All this while it enlarges the tradesmen's sphere of _ operations several times. To-day the baker, the grocer, the milkman, and many other tradesmen are delivering by Ford. "..\\ , \ ;:. 20 H.P. Efficiently equipped. Steel Panelled body with double doors at rear. Extreme height floor to roof 52 in.. extreme width 51 in., length behiad driver 50 in., width of well 35 in. Price (at Works, Manchester) £l3o* For fuller particulars and demonstration apply to:— THE COUNTY MOTOR CO., STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, Telephone: WARRINGTON. 63, Stockton Heath.

RIDE A RikA 4' : t:.: ,4 7O . r _231 ...-- .. - g THE t ALL- TEEL Ell C.YCLE Guaranteed for ever, and built entirely of the gnest cold-rolled steel—no malleable iron castings as in other bicycles. Prices—From £7 10s. to £l6 111 s. ._ .. Send a Postcard for "The Book pi the Raleigh. Widnes: C. Bingham, 7a, Victoria Road. i Runcorn: H. Smith and Son, 22, Oreenway, Road. St. Helens: W. Cook, 107, Church Street. ' Earlestown: J. A. Churchill & Co., Cross Lane. s Ashton-in-Makerfield: S. Reeves, Warrington \ , Road. Lowton St. Mary: Birkenhead Bros., 128-146, Newton Road. RALEIGH CYCLE CO., LTD., Nottingham.

PATENT 3ESAIIILE ss FIRES. Convert your own t it it it '\ GRATES -„ z from this to this Not only will you make a striking improvement in SliirE HALF THE COAL the appearance of your fireplaces, but you also • Other Advantages Are— NO DUST. NO LITTER ON HEARTH. EASIER TO KEEP CLEAN. OLD GRATES MADE NEW. MORE HEAT WITH LESS COAL. AGENT— J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53 & 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

6115 .1 _____. - . 1 WIU I. d :: lot be 9 wi'tliout Rowntree s Elect Cocoa9! "I would not be without Rowntree's Cocoa in the house upon any consideration. It is so sustaining and stimulating, and in these hard times it is a cheap luxury. I could part with the meat, but not with Rowntree's Cocoa." Mrs. 8., Notts, August 13t4, 1916. The, tii,N) , '''-''''4,, .-,..., ...,=1 ...; ~ , 1,4 t .„„ only Cocoa , .. ....... , with the k,.. , ...„ .:,. •.,t-..'., , ~;,,.1 'Rowntree , ...p. —,./ -'-cr 'l' . - ,7 : . . Flavour" . , 4 ‘:. " igr; ik'',o,-‘. ‘l''''.t-s grio, I,k\ • „ ht. ~„3 , - .... . , ;# ~,, .p, 4 ',. ..,,-....r.0. . ... 'o . -,i.4 ',, N ''' -4,' '• ' ' , V-044! , ii ... r 4. 114 '''-:' -, .. k ,0., ~....=:-:; • L.:64' 1 4( ( NI ' 41/* 12at t:1 N'i 1C":"- . 'l`,.' • , : VlTl4,:.rs,S'4 ' •V 1 t\ ' ....- n ' 'tk --. / --, to I) . .77 =-:-- - .- . ..._ %.00' :::;.::.:::::::•:........7------....., ~1 • . ...:,..y........:,... C.....:-..) 4,... i ..-.... A ...... , s., - A , ~ ~........_ c..::::.::::,,,,,,. ........::.............:.:::.:... --..::.-::•..:::.::::-..‘, , ! i ..: ...::::f..1.:.•:•:•.:..-:/. t:',.. ::: -::::.:::::-...-....:.:-.*:..:::::..:.::: ' , • •::::.::::.:.:...:.:::.:::::: . --„:-.\.: ::::::: :••• • .• :,....,, ..,.; ~,,...::::. •:::::::4_,....,?_'• -..:.:,„,'-..-- , '4llii . 1 11 , \t i

~ i' 1:„ ..4, 0......, .!•‘'„,,,4.,:,:.ti,,,'.1. , • ......., . Bp Lk .11 I eA ' ' ; • 1.''t\.,,,,,,...t'11iZ.1.XeZ., ".....1.-"," ....Z./..N41, 1111111,...„ ,t 7. ' t ~'k<g,,`'llik.,,, "iliN!,4100,0„: ~ ' 1 `,:i ill ..'' - - '.:' - .;-•-•: -",,•:„.•:;:ilL,;',...„.14:'.:!,.:,;::!,:f4; ', \ ~.,.:•:.. -,..„,.,,,,,k .•,,,.,A\ • -...,.,,„ ---.. v .1.,.. 1.. 1 '' ''' . *.,!.'''' ' ...`::; it.Z.l:•',oq::;:‘, 'IIP., i'‘.r.• .C''''. :-.. _ . • \ \ . r...•..-1e,..4c ':6 1, '. :mt.'', 1:1 '11!;,44,i,'::::4i:i%!.z-131!,.!Ati14'fli,'Ili.•;1•.', ':',: t•1',...V.1 ~ 1' i : --:...:----.___•.,-‘'. --. _... ". _ --1.,--;..4:;.V,11 ,','q '.. -,--- ' "qi.....,..,,,, ,4.4.:„.:...,..,..:,.., ,•1‘... •!, ~,„.; , ..-1,..,t.,:i7,---t-r--,:-,..,41,,;;,;,,,,,,%!,,q,%,,,-,,,‘::•;;:!!,3,114.,,e „,_ ,---------___.---.:...„,„."..-..,, u.,,,, ; ~1 ;7,...-,....,,,1-.-er• ,-Ikl ,pliii 111 iiiiillp liflii; f,',‘li! r,..., i iii,'.l lil I .4 _. -:41 1,44-7_,.. _____. .......'14.1.\\,•,.:•\-, ' '-.,...411:1';.4.:1„: ~ i. ,s,. \\ r:, -4A..,,,...t...._Le.,•.-.:s' \,,i'f ...:__..,111ii.;....::;::;,.,.,,,;.:--.\y-7-- :0;;;:r.' 1 1.,1, 1 i,l i ,),,iiAttlii A ,1iit.',...,.,..,'!i111L10i lii 1 t tioniirmoi L ft..gz3l;. - --71,,,‘,1%,,,\„ ~1 1:, .. '4'.,-‘' s'''-',"1`,,,,•.7.5s ) -,,T • ~.".. .%-‘....1N4 fet!"- . ' qf' "'''',', :'' '7l l',. ,- ' t-1_11,1,;•,:i:1,..--4.-.....0.• 'lt- t..-.;,,,,,....-.--u-21, _. ----;,..0,41,..,,,t,,,,,, -,,,„. • 4 4,,,,1'0, --....,,,:',....--,-.. --•••,. ,-,.- . s 'illi 0 , 1.. it' . 1.0,/ • --- , ...:.-ii.t , ... • - - _ - , ~.\ L.. Vill ' IS`•'...-:-..--1, ..fl'irA4lll.:lN •N‘i '''''''.' '-%;•••':_7: ..-a--...'-'':' '7- '. ' 114(0 11 1 ,I'l' '••••.„.._ k 1., A --. • - .. ,' i Z,.....,:-.....•----- 4,1.'1, ..,_,___,.,:: ~. - • !4\'•dllffilh'iri •tio'llL''''N ~.„. .. '',4.1))111‘;',....."..,'"......____.---- .:. : • ,_•_?...-:. \ - ---'--- -E-141V0.4iViti??..0 4 ' reo,-_, . V %-...-.--;---.-„,,56,..,- ~..,::-,,.„ ~., ~ . _ _ • ... , e,orq 1,4; I v,, ___. __ _ , ...._ _ ~,,......44.u. , ~ Et.,............._ ~., , - - - ''.,•.- •, iT '-- • - ,:-= '-`----;'-'-:''',__7"-a..._' _""------•------...th''--;,g ' it, ~....,..-L...,_'''' - A,?r' ‘ -,-,..,-,,, •,..,:::::.: ----L---___ ',ft-7- . ._ , I. * '"4'...• . ' N...,••,,'• •' .*!' "‘...1%.:-:':- 5 ,11. N''''''7'...,„ -,--Z.--"..--.'"'"'...... • ;.: 7.,.. , 4:: .._:: 1.17/4:y_,-, •'.. -- : - -' : . C,. ,i'l'.l:o I '"-• - --_-.-.- '• - ---<Ns ---4,4, - „4. ' ~,,.s. i•:.. I ~' ;.-- .'....NN, .--•.•-• - .--,') t.... - ''''-'•-• , - : --,„..._,..._ _ ..._•;-•,,,''' 111 k,.,... ..-7=__,,,,,,,1, - 4r ,1•41i,.,.-,,te . %,te",/,-..\..,.--,,-, ./., ‘, ,40.5 ,k . . .2..,:.....,_ 7 r'' .1 - ' '''" .7. a 1111 Y''‘l.l) °2lt4ii. -' ..°li '''if i lirlii!- ' --- .„ ‘.\- ----:-.---,._,.....7.- 4 , ~ / ‘ -- ' -7-•'-'..":;',,z-,,'-.., -. ..,„,,,-., • _ ~.„_, • '"'•- - .' 40 7.----- s - '-• •"''' -',7?' ‘,lO. ''..•'. ,:•:•,2 -.' • L''' &,•:',.k, ~, ---..--,__- .., - , • \',„--;71 1,'..' 4'':•';'-.". ...:- v.,,"Z'''::', . -- • ~I i , I'. ,: : • •:- .- 'is , Niiihir_____ _ _ - , '----.-`---:_-:;-..: -_- _ _ . •-=-' '7;?'---''.- ' iif* Y 13,1 :".1 ''''.4r. '4,-. \'•hks.....,'N'•;--z-"-,4 -, -, ;',..',-:. .• : ~. Vr. A •• ' . S r --. h. ''>,,,•,- • . .I_‘.‘•;,l*.:,,kP • ' '-= ''''',,,, '-'-`...:.,........ -....7-•-•:,,,i,--q:A\ 's - -,.... J".;F:i :. •' -" . , ~-,... ~--e-,.7----- -.-• - ' - '" -' - :-.4--kil--------- , ' •-• ifit ~4-....„.. , ~,,...,„,,,...:-...„,......„.. :... ..... .E.,1,1., ~.. •:. , •• ....•......... mr, 44111111,;$,.,•, , -._ ..-.0 ...-....:,5‘...--,,..._:-.-.-..,„:.,...:‘\ - f 49,i'• 1 11, ',l' ', ,'‘ . . ...1•111 111111 I" 1•' 111 r. \ "'' .. ..*.":'• , 4 1 ~,,,........ , , i ~.„, AI ,i. ,'_.,"3, .„„1......, ;,..,•,,,,,:,'", ~..... ''..ii,"..5,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,v‘,,,1/4..ii .. ~ , ~, 1.4.,• 11,1 #7 , •., i ~;:i't I ....--'-`•:".•,;'::::,',l:ii:.•\t` lilt :'.... 1 A--;,,1':.„,,ti0_117-04....;:,,,,,,. .•'••••,-,,,'"......4., .'_'''4_,.::'Z'4•(' '''''''',.(4,.t.-I',o , ,'' ''!.• I ' I . 'h i, 1 )1 il 11 Hl' ' A . _,,- ~, •,,,,!,„;:,,,,,1111, i 1. r • ~,.,. 1v,,,,,,-..,....-,w, ,:f.i,,,,,•,,;‘,•'.:V:r...'',77‹..,-...%.1 . ''.-e- ''.l,.:', V,l* tif .. '. ,n•,t . .• ' li I ''' ' ,*. '"''.ll':,ts6,ltil7c-..,471Vtit.4,',,...,5•‘,.‘ I , ) lt-1.40.:•'.. ti: ..• • , .. ;i , , ' , -".' 1.-- j , --, . .1' ! i:. ‘,,/.'-' !.: ' k t 0" ,1. •. --..'''11_,...........-- ' ' \s. '''W.vltS4.l4ll•4::'fiir, , ".::,..4..Z5*,., Nii, \ # tr,,,,,,f,".,yr0„1,... ,•.. ...., . :,,..,...._ ,-. ~. ,A.•- _ - , - 7 ~,‘ 4 - --.',-4. 7 's !?;.I':.-.*_,..., _',,,.,.. '.,,, -:,'"Ati\,?.14;;,,•••. , .:,f,l-2....:_.;•,,, ,•;! ' ....,..:: 7.: ~ • • ;‘,?,:-..,,,,iik ~,....: •- . . -.. , ......_.• ---_,..-- z.z.,:•., • N '''' ,-" 4..' ',,, •:__. _l6, . ,' --,...•-•,' •_.,. •:).#,.iii.;.•...;',..,t•.:„. \, i __:,---t--_ '. - ..t.i.n.,,,,‘, ', :.' i s''.4•V „. .: , •-- ••''. '' •...;1.--- •7.,', ••-•:,-N, . ''o:•'-• i , rk* v--.'•:. t'.':.. ; -..1.‘,'''....ik0ft. ': ..' / ,'-- - _L-i-7.-7-- . . ...'." '"i '.?. '. '- '..--f-..--.';'!ii , . ,', -,.•.w.''., -: -- /,.. :.:4;;;---''''.-:-'.,•:‘ ' ‘‘. - - -.- _ 7 - -_-:-:-- ..' /, -,.: .s'.''.-•• . .- ' ,vi,.', .., , .-::_...,-,:it__-•• -4...:-- •; .; ;.. .:,-„-;,. ,• , •-•- ;`,t-'..,,,..,,*.,, . 1,'..‹,,,-1---4-77F,5=,": :, ' .... _ ____•-• ‘:.''..---c:V4,...',A;;• ,-7-.-LN.-.. :',....i2;---.--r.,". '• ''''''. 1:', ,1 I. 'i:iiitili '' --\'‘.:'''''':•=.',,ikk,'•:..k,N,\,4-":::-',i-•-•-•'''',%t&i,„,.."-t't-,Li.•''.: \ . ,-,_ , .---, •1,*"..--,---.6' :-:,.• ,*-;.• 4; , w..,,-);.-, ~/ '-. , --7.4 z...-:- 7-; '•: i .1 I„: ~::::Ili.. ,f,''''' ...-- ,00 ~‘.'•214, ;,%„•;,:i.,;,:,:z. : ,•,' ‘,..,,-.• .. I.;', • - __.t.;;if.„-• •- -. ':. : •:: , it-f': , ti.lio-,l;N:*:k4A=Zt,3, .illik-- \ ._:•.:_._.,-,-:_:,-,:.,-,!--3 66,.... .•,,-: :.-s,':',, pr. ; , :.,-,. .. ,'.ii,‘ ..; , '-: .. :::-..-v.„- .:. ' , i: , . • • :....ii:Ei •\t:.::7:4;,alipiksZA.N`z . . ----___'.•---77÷-17' . ',if .- .":;'.'-':..4'. lel,' •'l.-.. s• %. i , ' : .• • 7:".-..-..:'. '•• .. ..;,. ,: '• :. tr-. ..• , ;‘`s.‘4,ii.-..1 II lii k - ..,-t-zz.,•;'-' • - ~..• • : ‘4, f;,,' :;,J.,'• ',.., ,-::.,; ,t, - -",'. :_?...t7f -. '. :.:.:!".,.*.' , :.:. t , 1:.: ~ 1 ~,\ imeitigliti , '7. ....... 1t.,.....• i. / r %/0/ ' •,,..*:.': ''',;:.:•..:.. .' ' • . "--•,--- -- '- • ....: '•• . t :•: :' \ ' ''''''-'''''''W -If - i 1 t,,,,,: ' „,,,,,,, • I t. i l' i,•11III:l'I\. \ ', . - : ' .. .' . -.. , , ;..;i .7.;.•:i ... \ ‘, ir.a... - ,7, kI 1,6, I. , 1 0. 1\ •,, ' ''.: z... • •.:, ~.....-: •vii,', . ' .:\k 0 i .-- A ,/ N-‘,...;-..,,,.:* ~_. 0 -4... ........11.•••• .., _. • ib , I -.4..

.:* ..,-, * V -‘.‘ EN-YUSA'S oxygen nature .-: i.-. 1 causes it to act in a novel ?I'l .. ii way. It stimulates,.it soothes, and 1:17 .T. it beautifies the skin above and .gi the tissues beneath. . According! • Fe ), ti Ven - Yusa - given L, -.1. Beauty is il ....1-- fr....-... .; lasting. , ...,... ill ....:. .„ •, ..• ,„. ~.;.' . ..z.... ~,,,.Vil, 6. •k:',.. ''' . • • .-".014.9.,:r. Unlike fi fil i' ..• .- . rfre.... .A.' '-. •i ordinary toilet i: ,71 creams, Ven-Yusa is E r• ii useful, besides agreeable. No lady fil 7i, .-. 1,- with the smallest regard for her A Fe .A. appearance will be without a 'dainty Ile f t• 4, jar of Ven-Yusa on her dressing-table. Fil' ...... A f 3 11- Per jar. of Chemists, or direct by post %. from C. B. Fulford, Ltd., Leeds. X \ • A.,, It,* ..110,.. $ .... W. • ow.. ,sllO. ....e. • a.' ...a...6...a ...... ...... 3 "4:'.1... toi) s :...:,...;..'...a.0%.48.4.4":.... .....","..e......;:n......1, bi,

A Revelation. 1 tie delicious crispness of fish fried in ATORA Beef Suet, its freedom from all traces of ‘1: greasine¢s, and its perfect digestibility is a revelation. Indeed,—perfect Fried Fish is only obtainable when ATORA is used. Sold in 11b. cartons is., ,lb. cartons 60. For frying, ask for ATORA in Blocks. Refuse substitutes.

MCDOUCALES 4ssis4E'F FLOUR I is British milled and is British in its unfailing RELIABILITY.

Best, Purest, Strongest. s B"1:1; .:* 1. IOK 3 S BAKING POWDER ' The moat ECOIIOMICA.L because it goes farther •::. than most other makes. , .

e

Isoldiers that are wounded and going to English hospitcds." One of my correspondents who says he (or is it a niece?), would like to visit Mons and Lille, has forgotten to add his name and address. NEW MEMBERS. 1005 Violet Lowery, 39, Leicester-street; age 11; Evelyn-street School. • 1006 Amy Campbell, 56, Lancaster-street; age 13; Evelyn-street School. • 1007 Doris Whittaker, 62, Baxter-street; age 12; Evelyn-street School. 1008 Nancy Lehrle, 194, Battersby-lane; age 10; Beamont School. "GREATLY ADMIRED." Niece Dorothy Lowery, 39, Leicester-street, who won the prize last week, writes:— "Dear Uncle Jack,—l now take the pleasure of writing to thank you for the nice prize which I received last Saturday. It was greatly admired by my friends and teachers, who said I was very lucky to win it the first • time I wrote." THE GIRL WHO SMILES. The wind was east, and the chimney smoked, And the old brown house seemed dreary. For nobody smiled and nobody joked, The young folks grumbled, the old folks croaked, And they came home chilled and weary. Then opened the door and a girl came in; Oh, she was homely—very; Her face was plain, and her cheek was thin, There wasn't a dimple from brow to chin, But her smile was bright and cheery. She spoke not a word of the cold or the damp, Nor yet of the gloom about her, But she mended the fire, and lighted the lamp, And she put on the place a different stamp, From that it had without her. They forgot that the house was a dull old place. And smoky from base to rafter, And gloom departed from every face As they felt the charm of her mirthful grace And the cheer of her happy laughter. Oh, give me the girl who will smile and sing, And make all glad together! To be plain or fair is a lesser thing, But a kind, unselfish heart can bring Good cheer in the darkest weather.

THE—prospective Mother will had everything for herself and baby—Layettes. Cots. etc. • SKIRTS. GOWNS. CORSETS (Finlay's Patents)) s C. L. FINLAY & SONS Ltd.. write or ma • 10 to 14. Houldswortit Street, (toper Oldham St .1 Manchester. Phone 7176 City 8. •

Fog Best House Coal NUTS & SLACK, WASHED NUTS, BEANS, & PEAS, GROMPTON & SHAWCROSSI LTD. COLLIERY PROPRIETORS. Daliam Lane, Warrington, AND AT CAR TERMINUS, LATCHFORD. All inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent.

Safeguard your Health with a e• OrlCOlll3 tirown4 • oroyñe d THE RELIABLE FAMILY MEDICINE. THE BEST REMEDY KNOWN FOR COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS. Acts like a charm in DIARFIFICEA, COLIC, & other Bowel complaints NO BETTER PRESENT to make a friend on Service at home or abroad than a bottle of this famous Medicine. Of all Chemists: 1/3, 3/-, 5/-. ALWAYS ASK FOR A "um COLLIS BROWNE."

,;;;: ,

14

Notices of bi4ths, marriages, and deaths, in memoriam notices, and acknowledgments of sympathy are inserted in "The Examiner" at the following rates :—Not exceeding 20 words,./ 1/6 each; every additional seven words, 6d.

... , • I, tte'f, •,..,,,,..so44.!..Ctiii*,, , 1- 0..:' , ...'...'.A.,fit. : .- 1,Atk:!'..:.,,,.:::.g::.::1f:;..f..,....:-,•:...-,,.:.,0,it , --..,-.4,3w' ..:.-:.-,..•••:;,.*,..-:i........:•::?..:,:.i.:;i:mA:,..,,:).- . : ...1 ......w.„..,..,......„ ..,....:.,,. • :-i.k.:ii:.i:::..::•:i?..,i.4.-•::::••.:.•;,,..• ..,":.:•',•::::ir.,•:4-••:::q•-::ii-•,.:-...::-::: ..„..„..„..,..:,• ....••::::3•••:, -.:....,::ii...-.i.:•.:?::::. m?:.„, ......„.....,....„::,:•....;::•,-......:Niip...:,.., , , ~.. ;:.,:.). ,:5.:.,i.,,,,..,.......,.......:::::.:,:.,,i*5e • ~-:i.,:i:--,:i,:m,:...:,...:,44:•;ii,•cii.ii.i.:?.:iii,:.:i::im-....-::,,.••••:...:..,::•,;;.:::w.-...gzie,a,..?••:. • -.:::::::,:m.41.Aftwii.m.:::T.N:::::::.":.:•:,,,:-...-:-:•,•::::•-•::. :' ....-.T..16:411.441-oi:',,:-.:-,:•.:.::,•:?*-k• ...4:-..4 .•., , :,.:...,..6.5::..1...m.....:.:-.i?.-,, -..-,. . ~....:...; ..::?..,::iii1:*:::,•-.• ~.• - . : :.........:•*-v...-....::::,..:-.....;',..•„,- . ::-...-..:*.:....:.,:..... ••••••:‘::.,.. :.. , • • .?,,,.:•• --..., 0— -. ~....•,:-.:, . .::...,.,,, .........: :!...... ~... . ~-,•:*::: '...• .- . ....... , , ' ;12:-;:•.!, • ..-:-.':::::::. -.-,...r.'::'''' : . '...&,...,..0461' .i...' • . .. • ,:. : . ...., .... • --. '•••• . .... . ~. ~,,..-. • ~ .?...0...:' • -',•4..... , , .. , . ....

KILLED. SECOND-LIEUT. A. WRIGHT. Brilliant Scholar And Teacher Killed Instantly. • Another Grammar School "old boy," and one ' who showed brilliant scholastic attainments, has been killed in the person of Second-Lieut.

'''' ~,',4.••.•‘::::;lii.ii:Vaiii.:.''...:.;',:,,. ••• ••':.*,..,•••••.i:4.:.:•„,§:%i:.i".;:::.*:•:',''.1.0.1-r.'•:•::.••• • .. :.3.:: :;.:?.:4 :.....•ii•••••...:.,.•••:...:14ti'4,.....:•.;:§....,:.... . ... ';'.:.':ikii::•:.':::..... . „ ......... . ‘...• ;.. ....:.:. '• ~...,•,.• ' ' ... ~. . . .... .. .......;:;,. .:::•-•...-.,::•::4i,,,::::',.,,..• •,, . #.e...... • • It. . - ' ii. 4. ::•-•...... ,••,.....t,..:',:..... '' • . .....','',;.:,,.:•.':':::::::.; . 1 ..-. :Sii:":...k •$.i.:.• .;: . , .::;::,4:. • 5',:•,.::••,. • 1' \'‘."...*,...,...., . -....-....*.i.,44..,..-...'• 4k ! 14...,:,...,,,.. ~..-......4.1:11%iiii*i..r..L. '..:.3p.:..!...v::::.3)...:44,,,..E.......„..'....;.. .... -.‘4.11. -. ..c.,'t',...,4:,..:,r.......'::::-..;.:,;.•k5..1.1. ' -.. ..-....',..,:-. ..,....-1.4'.!'.' ''.,:'' ....:,:.,.. . . . —c........-... .

LCE.-CRPL. G. A. MADDOCK. Killed Whilst Digging With A Trench Party. In addition to an official intimation from the War Office informing her of the death in action of her husband, Mrs. Maddock, 28, Collin-street, has received a letter from a Second-Lieutenant. Writing under date 'September 18th, he said:

f ' -.: •i•k: -"''' • -.i , . ••••:i i:::ii::':::' • • :?:,::Z;: , ........:•::::::::*;:t.•:: . • .....,,,,..,:::, .. . ..., ... „.....„,, ~-...,....... • (.44.3.,,:M1X-A:::::, ~,,- ..,...: ...:".9A.,::*.n:i• ..:::•:•...:`... :..•;,... .....::' ...*:*:.:'''li:.fliVi:g.'":i:. 1..:Iii.4:.:••• ' . iik.'*. <.:•,?.iii.:'•'.:• • . • . . ..,,, •4: . . . ...::::::::::"." ••:• ::. • ~....,::••:?e.§•••'.: :''' : '>'• i. :•:$.:it&c..,... ~••• ••:.:'..'::ig,::::?.if,i i:::.:::i:i::.:i"::::: .i.. • ' ' ' .•:.:',...."'.44. ...).S::,'::...:::•3'.X.,.,,•:•:;ksgair::ini.:::. ':*:." ~..i'• . ' , •": • . :1;•f,..,i":1ik? •:$.-3'...‘;:';:i.,.:1:',V•n• ..*Ri:i:iiilE:".k:,:•"••••::i% , 414,4*:,,...5'AiV•:.•:',g1i::.:::Nii::i::%:•.:5• .:"...4:biii.r•t•'.:....• ''...:•3r.'.WlEEii':::E::?.::::ii*.ii?::Z.Ei,..ki . .......... , . ~..;:;:•• • •;;;:::•::•:,,,f::::*,::•:::::::c:::::::::•:::••;. ' ' :i:i:.,*iiiii': ' ,:::...::§i'.::.-:::...i:::i:i:•:::.:i:::.•:.:.::::.'::*::i:i.:?::iii::::, ...... ! 'S•ftii::.43.*:•34:•-•.•:,••••:•:•4••••••:•••::•:-: .....:::::$4,•:.,:c••• . ....• ••.•:•::•:.:.;:•:::,iif.'.•:?::'...:::.:>!!.::::•:.'i:::::,iii:.*:.',s§§•': ' •••.,'.C,....1••• •• .::•i::::•,..::::i.-..::::•;:ii..ir?... ••••:•;;K:i,....: :::•••1:::',i!..•:. ....:::•!:::;::::::EEK:::i.:i:iiiitait:, -.- • .- • • ......:-. .•••:•:•.• : •:::::.i..• • • •:::::. ''''s • M•i:,':•E:i:.i.:3'.:E:P:`:;•,tk.'": • • ' ' ' -::f: ....:2,`..:::•::? A:, ...::'•:** . :.: : ' .:.:'.':::i'N't.tll.,',...: ... • tii.:*. . i''.....:i:':.:: ' ••• .•• •• ..:J..i':"••:•:••::.„''' ' •:::::::?;:ii:::::i.i:;i.:::::':::.:::;:' . ....s.ik,:km . • .. ...••• . ;F• •:- -'• ,•:•' f.:::i::.:::::i...e.,:i..:k.:,:,,,.541 ....*':::::.:E.:.y.'...,:i•:•':' :i.:•• ...:..,..Y.:::ii•Ap:ekop.. ,:i:::,,,, . . .....,.....-i.:..: • .:•.i..f:•:?.s:,•i:K',.k‘. „.....$. ..,,r: .. ::.:.:.:.....--- „:0::: • :ii:.:::..:::.*i::9'.. .. ....:ii§y:i:::.i.::::::-.. .......:"..?.::,4im:Ave.. . ..: -• '. . 4...;:ir:::.t......':i4&:%iiiit..'i.1L1*0f .. ..: ~....,: . , ::::: :„...,,,,::::.:,,,,,,,,• • .:.:.-... ::-..--..,-,..,...,,, 5. -,:i:: ...:.,::...1,1:::,.:':::::',1:::::':::.:::::,::.:%::.V.*:::..:',.' ....'....:,- ..:-:-.m—, • ...;;;::::....... .: . ~,,,,...:......, , ,:::,...• ::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:: -....::,..1:i4ik,.::. . ... - ........ -:-...: :.:,-...-.r:, .. . ....:.: :.:,.. . : ...... .... - .. ... ,:- .............. .:,,,

SAPPER PAUL C. LEAR.. Kil fore enlisting was employed as a fireman on the L. and, N,-W. Railway Co. • His step-father, Private Jdhn Longshaw, of the South Lancs. Regiment, is at present in Chester Hospital suffering from a shrapnel wound .in the shoulder.

, • T....,,,-.1-04.ti . •, •• ..-- „%, -N.4%,,,i11§k. ~.4.-tvgleffilliPlitiVallifillw... 1111111)111111111.01111101104.1p. •:::'44"tihtm:::'.:7''''''''''..''',"...,'..•:5iiii.''.6:',.w0m,,,..::::::.,,,,..::„„:„.,:.. .< •,,:)..4.:,,,,,,-::::..• .. • :. ce,.0.,-,,..`...:. ..4.:.:,,::,•::•.:..,.. 1 ,:::•4!...1.,...•,,z::i.:•:..;,..•.,.•: .4....,,,,, ,:, ....:•:,..s-,,Kr,.......„ • ::. ~..,, ,kv,•,. itipi-St.K •.„.:Am..:., ' ir..::,,,::•'%!:4 :•‘:'...• .:::,.7,,,,•: ••••-•N0.,i:,:: ..,..•,#,.,,,,,,_ ..i....i.-:.:.. i..,... : iiV •:,:...,:, ....,::::•:: x. •. ' ...:,.:*,:,...,::::c4-..,.: ,-,:: . •,.-.:- ,-.*.i,`*;;•:i'zli4.4.ft.• .4, ........... ',..:.•:•.• . :. .....: ~..,..":A.,44.„.,.,i . t.;:,„„*: .{ .. *•.•.:. ~,...,,...i.,.. ,:„...5:,..,•.:.„:„,.,....., ;:c.-4.'.5,,e,•-*!:.i.l.:*W:-.: ..';',A.Ate..-4,...::. ,•?.,',..,,,i30' Nng.,ckK..- .. ::,:),?...!.i.6`. 4,1 ~.:-.,,;-•:.,...,...i..,:::::,.... ..,-:.:.:,.. . ~, , ~,,,,44:41404 ip,,gtzt:mh,::,a.%::.f,..:.•:i.5.A:::.:,_.:„.:::,,,,,.: ‘. ' 1!.::',"?-tliAg.:!•41,*„..ttglIrni....?...104.1:14:.:..igill :;-,,,::,...i.;::.',,,,,,, .- -%.,.„44....,:.;.:3,,,v,..., :i. -iek..i7.:•,. tAk*U.::.Ei:?: FA {.4.4.. 'l.:Oggra.44lsktAlitliVit::.4. .; .2,:'?"A • ..:;:S,i; ....[Alt.. *...lA'.'...i;.::.:'',Skst,4Z.lllt4tril:;:q;:.>':',::. •;...' '''' • s'IT '':',A:;::,' ;;,111.1t:::'.:•':;.citigi.4111:..s. ..1iN.4.",i....'4.-.: ' .;" ... .:. •:-./..f;•:::.,;„..77:Aik: jiiii;:inili.ci.Ntai,..:.:':'"' .. LANCE-CORPORALod unEe(DI.GAR n. BooT VV

I'l 1,11 1111; r.k .7.' ~ • _ ;‘, ,',,,,:-•.,,,,, .lf 11,,1, , . .t. te ..). • 44.....,1 MN f V ' ' L--fa-. 0 BRITISH ID per ' 1.;. # T A . COCOA --Ir. FhOM ".,,,,,,.. --,k• . ,;.-0':;‘;' ' . JOII).1 ROTHW EL 1 -THE COCOA FAciwa..but.bOßKE;ol-4C$, ..it II ,

..r.,,..,g,,-;,- •:--<‘• ~:f>.. ;2'l • e . _. % ~.„., .',..•..::.:.:,.4 i'.........,;:;':4:VA4ti''.42o•*,tArt:tt:::' ..;:..,...,'':.,.,:7'.:::::,',.....:1;!,,.:41,',...,::;:c1iN,,,,,..7.7.!.,.,„„4:,:.,,,,,...7'. '..;',,,,...*:',1*,•:,..0"::'?-j',7,.......-.:::-A,,,:lit......;4@4'.':z.4:4,--.." ilkililli&'"' footik" esi4:4 „

-4,..._ , , , ../ -, • ~, \ 44,, . pi g;•', , Evry picture tells a Story." I Women eNammen ( , (\ , ) , Are Work Too Hard Well ~ „ ~. , 4 ( Pr Theo ft A.1..0z,..„,,,_,...,•.-e-N,- .

[Fi AFTER MEALS ci —lf you have have pains, wind, 1 or a sense of fulness in the stomach, gor any other form ri 0 of Indigestion— r TAKE MOTHER Seigel3 s Syrup 0. rthe reliable lemedy for Judi- I. gestion and other disorders of the liver and stomach- -0 P. _ THE IDEAL DIGESTIVE TONIC .. -I The 219 SiLe contains three times the 1/3. n o=lool JOo=l 11:::30

raEVERY WOMANiI Should send 2 stamp:s for our 32 page Elustra tec, 'lies containing valuable information how all lITWd ts _ nd Suppressions may be entirely avoided or re L e 1)y-simple means. Recommended byeminent PhYs.,.l"';e er Ls the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. 4' ~862 .F'ails. Thousands of Testimonials. Established 4 P. BLANcHAßD,cisre—nt ..z Dalston-lane, London oniamicirassedinecrizoismeffilig.

LOOK TO YOUR . . . FIRE PROTECTION AND TO MERRYWEATHERS' FOR FIRE EXTINGUISHING SUPPLIES. Inspections carried out by thoroughlY drilled and trained Fire Inspectors. "London Made" Fire Hose, Hand Fire Yam „Ps, Chemical Extinctors, and Fire Escapes, rowl for immediate deliver,. MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, I GRESICIVIWL

V. •••"" ,Can be seen on the Screen at the following Picture Theatres EVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY, Grand Electric Theatre, E Delbarwick Pavilion, Iltro Central Picture Palace, mum Controlled Exclusively by the Gaumont Film Hire Service.

second goal, and a little later Robotham missed scoring from a penalty kick. The visitors continued to have the best of the game, and Brinkswater• con- ceded a corner when he ought to have cleared easily. Robotham, by a piece of good individual Play, again lowered the home goal, and the interval arrived with the score: Brunswick Villa, 3 goals; Sankey Athletic, nil. The home team, with the aid of the wind, were quickly attacking the visitors' citadel, and a smartly hooked shot by Hunt was well got away by Law- rence.• Some even exchanges were seen in midfield, and then the home team led another attack on their opponents' goal. After Lawrence had saved several good shots, E. Taylor scored from a centre by Ashurst. • After this reverse the visitors showed some smart foot work, and caused trouble to Holdetn and Brinkswater to clear their lines. A free kick to the home team just outside the penalty area was well cleared by Lawrence, and then the visitors' for- wards transferred to the opposite end, and Gleave had to save a high shot from Derricott. The visitors were now playing the best game, and good shots by Derricott and Hughes were well saved by Gleave, and then Hughes hit the cross-bar with a fast drive. Taylor, with a fair opening, was a shade too wide, and then Robotham scored the visitors' fourth goal, and just before the close of play Collins added the fifth goal. Result: Brunswick Villa, 5 goals; San- key Athletic, 1 goal. ST. ELPHIN'S v. HICHFIELD JUNIORS. St. Elphin's opened their hyne fixtures on their new ground. Steel-street, with the Highfield Juniors as opponents. The following players turned out under the control of Mr. J. Wright::— St. Elphin's: Dorrian; Tunstall, Furness; Buck- ley, Miller, Watson; Chisholm, England,' A. Jones, Gleave and Holden. Highfield Juniors: Thornhill; Dunn, Jepson; Wishlade, Hankey, Wilding; Highfield, Moulsdale, Bell, Ford and Tomlinson. Both ends were quickly visited, and a very fast pace was set. After five minutes' play Ford gained possession and dribbled finely, beating 'several opponents and finally beat Dorrian with a high shot. The Saints followed with a strong attack, but England's final effort was erratic. Jones, the Saints' centre-forward, supplied Holden with some neat passes, and the latter trade the scores equal after fifteen minutes' play. After some midfield play the same player gained the lead for the Saints. Ford, the visitors' pivot, made many fine attempts to break through, but received poor support from his colleagues. Jones improved a grand centre by Chisholm, Thornhill being welt beaten for a third time. Ford was again prominent for the visitors, and it was only by sterling play that Furness pre- vented him scoring. During a scrimmage in front of the visitors' goal Holden scored again. Half- time: St. Elphin's, 4 goals; Highfield, 1 goal. The second portion opened very spiritedly, and the visitors attacked keenly, but failed to improve their position. England broke away and added a fifth for the Saints. From the centre kick Bell, when getting near the danger zone, was dispos- sessed by Furness, and England transferred with a grand run. and Jones. with a fine shot, added the sixth point. The inside forwards of the Saints were showing a good understanding, and Jones hit the cross-bar with a fast shot. England scoring from the rebound. The visitors played up very keenly in spite of their arrears, and Dorrian made a good save from a hard shot by Ford. Owing to their keenness the,visitors lost several good openings by infringing the off-side rule. Chisholm added to the Saints' total before the final whistle. Result: St. Elphin's; 7 goals; Highfield, 1 goal. For the winners, Furness played a very smart game at full-back, and Miller was the best of the halves. Jones was very smart at Centre-forward, Ad played unselfishly throughout, and Holden and the "hat trick" for the Saints. Thornhill, the 'visitors' goalkeeper, was not very reliable, and ought to have saved some of the shots that beat him. Ford and Bell were the outstanding for- wards. The tit-bit of to-day's fixtures is the meeting of the St. Elphin's and Howley United in Victoria Park. Both teams will be at full strength, and a very keen game is sure to be played- 'LEA IS FOR 'TO-DAY. EMMANUEL V. SANKEY ATELETIC. At Sankey. Emmanuel Team: H. Wright; S. Hughes and J. Hallam; W. Ayres, E., Hardy (capt.), and P. Parr; W. Eaton, H. Stubbs, J. Ford, W. Knight and T,- Hughes.. Players and Members to meet at Rylands-strect at 2.15 p.m. CROSFIELD'S JUNIORS v. GRAPPENHALL JUNIORS. At Crosfield's Recreation Ground. Kick-off 3 o'clock prompt. Crosfield's Juniors: J. Tabernacle; 'H. Beswicir. S. Hardy ;.J. Sudlow, A. Mason, D. Morrison ; Rien., W. Sandy, S. Ravenscroft. D. O'Brien a.nct H. Biz sell. Reserves: W. Lawton and Mills. HOWLEY v. ST. ELPHIN'S. .St. Elphin's: J. Dorrian; W. Tunstall (capt.), V. Furness; A. Buckley, H. Miller, D. Cooper; J. Chisholm, G. England, A. Jones, H. Gleave and J. Holden. Reserves: W. Watson and J. Barton. MATCHES FOR TO-DAY. Howley United v. St. Elphin's; S. C. Essenhigh. Latchford Cadets v. Latchford Recs.; J. Wright. Highfield v. Bewsey A.S.; P. Gosling. Penketh Juniors v. Orford Juniors; R. Williams.

Bee hales 7111 s are specially prepared with the object of relieving and removing the many troublesome ailments which may be included in the one significant word—"lndigestion". There are few, indeed, who are entirely free from some phase of this enervating complaint. Almost everybody has, in these days, occasional "touches" of it, such as discomfort after eating, a poor or fickle appetite, biliousness, constipa- tion, flatulence, headache, heartburn, dizziness, depression and other well-known distressing symptoms. To all who suffer in this way Beecham's Pills are an unmistakeable boon. Their remedial influence Is experienced quickly—a considerable advantage— frequently after the first dose. As the medicine is continued the health rapidly improves until all unpleasant symptoms disappear. If you happen, unfortunately, to have a tendency to dyspepsia, you are advised to try Beecham's Pills. Testimony to their great value abounds everywhere,.becatzse they are widely appreciated. If you give them a fair trial you will find that they Will fulfil Tour Expectations

, . f ?,1 • : / ..., 4,k,, „ . 0. N, \ . k ~ _.4 -?, ' ) 1 il THE ARMY A SPECIAL NUMBER (price 6d.) containing most id nterestin t,Cartoons, mirth-provoking jokes and illustrations relating to our "Contemptible Little Army" Tell your Newsagent to deliver this Number and continue sending weekly " PUNCH " IS EXCELLENT VALUE

HAIR DESTROYER James' Depilatory thetanidy removes Superfluous Hairs from the face Neck. or Arms. without injury to the skin. Of most chemists; or, free from observation, post free on receipt of Postal Order for Is. dd., 9s. 9c1., otlit —him. N. JAMBS 268, Caledonian Road. London. N.

Wm. PIERREPONT, PRIVATE INQUIRY AGENT. Entrusted with divorce and delicate negotiations in all parts of the world. Go to him if black- mailed or in difficulties. 27, Chancery Lane, London, W.C. 'Phone 494 Holborn aud 10972 Central. References from leading London solicitors.

FREE OFFER TO LADIES. To prove the superiority of ELLIS'S PILLS, I will send a free trial packet post paid. Pre- pared from the original recipe of a celebrated Nurse, and never fails in restoring regularity and correcting all disorders. Safe, certain and speedy pill tihat never disappoints. Thousands of letters of thanks testify to their speedy effi- cacy after all other things have been tried in vain. Each purchaser sends back testimonial, as they afford relief in every instance. There is nothing to equal them. 2s. 9d. per box. Special pills (recommended), 4s. 9d., post paid, in plain wrapper, with full directions and advice. Supplied through the post only by MRS. ELLIS, 12, VALLANCE-ROAD, HOVE, SUSSEX. An interesting guide, 45 pages, 60 Illustrations, sent free with each box. Men- tion Paper.

x.a.A.33orm BLANCHARD'S PILLS Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, &e., they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate all suffering. They supersede Pennyroyal, Pil Coehia. Bitter Apple,&c. "BLANCHARD'S are the Beet of all Pills for Women." Sold in boxes, 1111, by BOOTS Branches, and all Chemist,, or post free, same price, from LESLIE MARTYN, LTD, CHEMISTS, 34. DALSTON LANE. LONDON Free Sample and valuable Booklet, post free, 14. Stamp.

KILL THAT INSECT, TOMMY. ' Send your pals "out yonder" some tine of HARRISON'S NURSERY POMADE. —they'll be very acceptable. When you haven't time to wash there's a big chance you'll have "companions." A little HARRISON'S POMADE KILLS EVERY INSECT on hair and body. Insist on having HARRISON'S POMADE. "Tine of Comfort," at 44d. and 9d. Sold by all Chemists— or by post from HARRISON. Chemist, Reading.

Ladies I Wood's Challenge Remedy Is guaranteed under the sum of £lOO to cure when others fail. Yar superior to Pills. Pellets, or aL3r Continental treatment. For all cases of irregulari- ties, however obstinate, CHALLENGE REMEDY is supreme. Price 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. Special, Its. Stamp for Advice. Established 25 years. 1; Mr. & Mrs. W. WOOD, LADIES' MEDICAL SPECIALISTS, 20, LOUIS-STREET, LEEDS.

You Can gely On Ca Ta rskaei 8a4.111l 18..4 Remedy, in either Sex, for all Acquired or Constitutional Discharges fro= Urinary Organs, Gravel, Pains in the Bank and kindred complaints. k ' Over 50 Years' Success. Ot C 1 all Chemists, J3/11 per box. or a r e s sent direct, post free, for Sixty Penny Stamps by the 841 Pills Proprietors The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co.. Ltd.. Lincoln. (Free from Mercury)

GENERAL HELP (good, strong) Wanted for farmhouse; to live as family; good home to capable person £ 20.—R. G-. Beyer, Knypersley End Farm, •Biddulph, Staffs. GENERAL (experienced) Wanted at once; (experienced) good wages.—Apply Mrs. McMurdo, 58. Doug- las-road, Acocks Green, Birmingham. GENERAL (young) Wanted; help given; good home', liberal outings; references.—Whittle, 14, Lea-road, Hcaton Moor, Stockport.

GENERAL Wanted, fond of children.-41, Revidge-road, Blackburn. GENERAL (good, strong) Wanted; able to wash; no bar work; good wages to suitable person.—Town Hall Tavern. Ford-street. Salford.

GENERAL (experienced) Wanted; 2 in family;good wages; references required.— Write, Mrs. McDonald, Marsh°lgate, Clarendon- road, Sale. GETsTERAL SERVANT (reliable) Wanted, at once.—Apply, Mrs. 'Bowman, Quarn Cottage, Sankey. 'GENERAL (good) Wanted; small family; help giveu.—Mrs. King, Moor Yate, Broadhalgh, Rochdale.

GENERAL Wanted, about 20; also Girl, 15, assist; October Ist; family 3 (one baby); good home.—Mrs;Broadhead, " Abbotsmead," Hightown, Liverpool.

GENERAL Wanted, age 24, fond of children; good home to suitable girl; charwoman twq days; state wages.—Address H., c/o Mrs. Merritt, Durham-street, Rochdale. CtENERAL Wanted; small family; excellent situation in Warrington; wages £22 to £24.— Apply Miss Hudson, 27, Chu.ch-street, Warrington. IRL Wanted, to assist in housework; live in l3r. or out. —Mrs. Hatton, Stag Inn, Lower Walton. (young) Wanted as Useful Maid; two in family; small house; no cooking; liberal outings; good home to reliable person.—Apply Ingleltood, 22, ,Chandos-road South, Chorlton-cum- Hardy, Manchester. GLEM Wanted for 'business house at fleswall; good home.—Apply Meakin, confectioner, Tele- graph-road, Heswall, Che Shire.

TyOUSEMAID-WAITRESS Wanted; good JlALreference required.—Apply Swift's Restaurant, : Li', c 17, Railway-road, Blac b kurn. _ ITOUSEMAID (capable).—Wanted, able to A-A-wait at table; also ' Scullerymaid ; good refer- : i. 1 ences.--State age, experience and wages, to Matron, 4 =1 Agricultural College, Holmes Chapel, Cheshire. .AUNDRYMAID Required, to act also as . • 4 attendant; wages commence at £25 per P ' annum, with board, lodging, washing, and uniform. ~ . :1, 124 I —Apply to the Superintendent, County Asylum, •i, 41.. ,) Prestwich, Manchester. _ . g,MISS HUDSON'S High-class Registry, 27, Church-street, Warringtcn.—Wanted, at once, .. . , Housemaids, Waitresses, and superior Generals; excialent situations, town and country. PARLOURMAID Required, age 22 to 28, - Church of England, for country situation; . small family.—Apply, stating age, wages, experi- ence. Mrs. Braddon, The Heath, Sandbach, ,t* ' Cheshire.

WANTED, at once, clean healthy GIRL, as Nursemaid to one boy 21 years old: refer- ences; Church of England preferred.—Apply, in first instance, by letter, Mts. Tyrer, Lyndale, Wigan- lane, Wigan.

A GENTS Required, with good farming con- nection, for Sale of Slag Phosphate.—Write ..Box R.A., " Examiner " Office,. Warrington. A GENT Wanted, call on business men; good commission.—Willshaw, Rhydithon, Dyttryn- road, Lla.ndrindod Wells. BREWERY MAN !Wanted.—Apply Burton- wood Brewery, Collins Green. SHIRTS.—Wanted, 20 GIRLS as Machinists; preference given to those having had previous experience in Dressmaking, Blousemaking, Under- clothing, ckc.; constant employment; best prices paid.—Apply Regals, Ltd., Norman-street, Warring- ton.

• , WANTED, ,for Bewsey-road •Wesleyan Chuxph,ja Caretaker -(man or woman) for October lst.--Apply .to Mr. C., Healey, 6,- King- street, Warrington. AATANTED, re-siTeTtitl;le Trai-ellei; for „. • V V Credit Drapery; liberal wages for competent 80. T., " Examiner " Office. War- rington.

CONPECTIONERY BUSINESS, Manchester; turnover weekly; business taught; good stock; good living; bath.—Astley, 48, St. Mar- garet's-avenue, Burnage, Withington, Manchester. Agents ignored. IDEAL VILLAS.—Two small Villas for Sale, near C.L.C.. Great Sankey.—Write Box Na. 12. " Examiner " Office, Warrington. CHOOL PREMISES, Let or Sell, near South- ampton (New Forest)•. reasonable; good, walled- in premises.—Particulars Owner, H. Roles, Ramsey, Hants.

ON SALE, 1915 pn're-bred and crossed ' PULLETS, and 1916 Leghorn Cock Chickens.- 15. Grafton-street. Goose Green, Wigan.

rpo CLEAR, six Sicilian Buttercup Cockerels, -...1_ rood laying strain. April hatched, 3/6 each.— Av. Ha16;111. Hesketh Bank. near Preston. B . M. A PRACTICAL 111 (ISCIENTIFICSE EGG PRODUCER . with a few hours' study. Saves 40 per cent. in rearing DAY-OLDS to FULL LAY. The A to Z of BALANCED RATIONS. THE ONLY CLASS IN THE WORLD TAUGHT by a Breeder with AMERICAN and ENGLISH EXPERIENCE: Dry Mashes fully explained. Pupils in all countries, over 500 British one. say that experience teaches, BUT B.LM. much cheaper and quicker. Send 2d. stamps and this Coupon for Prospectus. All informa- . tion and MS. strictly confidential for pupil's private use, and fees accepted on , THIS CONDITION ONLY, - FEE 12/, 1 1 J. H. BURN-MURDOCH, 5.P.8.A., GT. SHELFORD, CAMBS. (Mention this paper.)

BOOT REPAIRERS.—Write at once for leaflet describing treadle and power riveting machines; they carry five sizes rivets; every rivet is clinched; great time and money savers.—Stan- dard Engineering Co., Ltd., Leicester. CHARiCTER, Finance, Marriage, 2 years' future guide, 1s birth birth date.—Professor .Reathfield.-zoad, Cardiff.

C for Wounded; Leg Rests, tapestry V upholstered, fixed for ordinary chairs, 5/6; ad- justable 8/6; doctors, hospitals, charities, terms.— Batchelar, 129, Tufnell Park-road, London, N. •

COAT and HAT RACKS, 1/- each, carriage paid; satisfaction guaranteed. Robt. L. Mailer, Anchterarder, Perthshire. CREOSOTE OIL, best wood preservative, Bd. gallon, in 40 gallon casks 6/6 (returnable). Smaller quantities quoted for.-7--Kerihaw's Asphalte Co.. Keighley. TIELICIOUS Fresh 'Cream Butter, parcel post or rail; moderate price.—Miss Coane, Higgins- town, Ballyshannon.

IEINGLISH GRAPES - and other, high-class Fruit.—powell's, 112, Bridge-street, and 12. Sankey-street. Warrington.

FLOWERS, FLOWERS, FLOWERS,. beauti- fully grown and fresh cut; deliveries twice daily from our extensive nurseries. Fearnhead and Orford.—Apply 112, Bridge-street; 12, Sankey-street; and Powell's Stalls. Warrington Market.

TTCHYKOO, Electric Snuff, Anarchist Bombs, 3d. each; post 4d.--Thomas Shepherd, 99, Nethergate, Dundee. LIKEN REMNANTS—f-OT--Pillow-cases, assorted bundles 2/9 and 5/6.—J. Lamont, Linen Warehouse, Straid, Bushmills, Ireland. MOTOR BOAT for Sale, good condition; 10 x 12 Aster petrol engine; newly decorated. -Apply Nag's Head. Lymm. NOTICE.—Varieties high-classed Canaries, also all Varieties high-classed pure-bred Poultry and Bantams, also all Varieties well-bred Dogs, Persian Cats, and Parrots; prices reasonable, and easy payments arranged; approval; state wants.—McKeand, Seabright, Castle Douglas. oYSTERS.—Whitstable Natives, 4/6 and 6/6 per 100 2/6 and 3/6 per 50.—Hammond and Co., Westcliff. Whitstable.

OLD False Teeth Wanted, sd. to 81- per tooth paid; £9 per oz. for Platinum Scrap. Prices paid for old Gold, per oz.: 22ct., 75/-; 18ct., 60/-; Oct. 30/-; cash by return.—Kenworthy's, Jewellers, Ashton, Manchester. -

QINOWDROP Bulbs, Wold grown, from 1/4 1.7 per 100, 4/- 400.—Rector, •Benniworth, Lincoln. QIIPERB New 'English Overstrung Upright Drawing-room Pianoforte, £26 15s. (worth double).-62, St. Mary-street, Warritigtop. TYRES 4/5, Tubes 216, fully guaranteed; Cycles, complete, .24 10s.: accessories cheap; state wants.—Woods, Bout. Strata Florida, near Aberystwyth. MO Farmers, Gardeners, or anyone who culti- vates, whether amateurs or professionals. Double crops in store for all who use RITO, the new soil bacteria. For fullest particulars and lowest prices, apply W. Powell, 112, Bridge-street, Warrington, district ageut.

UNDERWOOD TYPEWRITER for Sale, perfect order.—Typewriter Depot. 5, Knuts- ford-road. Warrington.

WREATHS, Crosses and Bouquets tastefully made with Powell's fresh-cut flowers.—Apply 112. Bridge-street: 12. Sankey-street: Nurseries, Pearnhead and o,er3rd; or Stalls, Warrington Market.

£265 BUYS Country Freehold Property, House, Shop. Baker's Oven, suitable for general stores, with garden and meadow.—Particu- lars of same, Chambers, BinT, Essex.

CORST AND eOUNTRY: WHERE TO STAY. Hotels, Boarding Houses, Country Apartments, &e.

APARTMENTS at reasonable terms, over- tlooking sea.—Mrs. Wilson, Vine Cottage, Warta" Bank, near Lytham. Bath.

APARTMENTS.— Mrs. Halsall, Hesketh Bank. near Preston. Railway fare 11- return Southport.

BLACKPOOL.—DudIes House, 64, Abingdon- street. Splendid situation, 1 minute North Pier, 4 minutes stations. Stamp reply. Homely Apartments, with or without board; terms moderate. —Mrs. Elwell (late of Warrington).

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. Gregory (from Radcliffe), 16, Lord-street; near Talbot-road Station and sea; piano.

---- • - ---- ---- BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. G. Earnshaw, 64, Ade- laide-street, late of Britannia; near sea, sta- tion and amusements; piano:

BLACKPOOL. Comfortable Apartments, near Central Station and sea.—Mrs. Lancaster, 7, Read's-road, off Central-drive.

110PLACKPOOL.—Mrs. Dixon, 64, Reads-road. -LP Public and Private; bed, cooking, attendance, 113 each person; board 5/-.

BLA—CKPOOL.—Mrs. McCarthy, 6, Upper Queen-street; near Talbot-road Station r.nd sea; bed, 1/- per night each person; board, 4.6; piano. _

BL A C K P O O L . B e 11, Manchester Rouse (sea view), 50, St. Chad's-road, Promenade. Public and private apartments; 2/- per night 2 persons; no extras.

COLWYN BAY.—Clwyd Villa, 15, Bay View- load. Superior private Apartments, facing sea; recommended.—Misses Jones.

HAWORTH.—Canaby House, near moors, to Let, Apartments, with or without board; terms moderate.—Mrs. Haggas.

------- --- KNARESBOROUGH and HARROGATE.— Boating; beautiful scenery. For list of Apart- ments apply to Parr's Library. linaresborough. Guide 2d. LYTHAM.—Arley Private Hotel, eential Beach; separate tables; also private room; every convenience. Tel. 23.—Mrs. Crpok.

LYTHADL—HomeIy Apartments; 2 minutes sea and station.—Mrs. Ashworth, 26, Cleve- land-road.

NEW BRIGHTON.—WeII-furnished Apart- raents; near sea and Promenade; terms moderate.—Mrs. Pitt, 105, Rowson-street.

VlOWLLllELL—Comfortable Private 'or Public Apartments; bathroom, h. and c. water; close by sea front; cater if required; moderate terms.— Jones, Rock View, South Beach, Pwllheli.

RHYL.-5, Bodfor-street, a minute's walk from station or beach; comfortable Apart- ments, with or without board, for moderate terms.— Apply Mrs. Wynne:- QCARBOROUGH.---Miss Wray, 21,. York-place. APW.rnen,s; board optional; near .spa, station, sea. SOUTHPORT.—Well-furnished Apartments; promenade and sea view.—Mrs. Buckley, 84, Sea Bank-road.

SOUTHPORT.--Sitting-room and Double- bedded Room, £1 weekly.—Stevenson, 39, Pine Grove, St. Luke's. SOITTHPORT.=Mrs. A. Green (Irt-ca Leigh). Homely Apartments; near sea.-2, Royal-ter- race. West-street. QT. ANNES, Ivy Dene, 62, St. Andrew's-road. South; Comfortable Apartments' Public and Private.—Mrs. Greenhitlgh and Miss Riding.

For Hire. MOTOR LORRY for Hire.—George Roger, Artingstall Buildings, Bridge Foot, Warring- ton. 'Phone 390.

ECZEMA, Rashes, all Skin Troubles elimin- ated; safe, reliable.—Zolvol, 7, Seaton-street,' Greenheys, Manchester.

F- - EBE ADVICE on all troubles'.—Write, with particulars, Smith, specialist, 61, Queen-street, Edinburgh. LAMES. Nurse Hammond's Improved Remedies act in a few hours when all else fails. Surprisingly effective. Send stamped en- velope for FREE SAMPLE to E. C. Hammond, 304, High Holborn, London.

.... G .:L...1k FURNISHING CI PEMBROKE PLACE, I\.. LIVERPOOL _- 1. , LEADING, LAr:CEST, , and MOST RELIABLE HOUSE FURNISHERS. CASH OR EASY PAY M E NTS All furniture we sell is manufactured under our own control and supervision. :, ATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR MONEY R2TURHED IN FULL Whether transaction is for cash or on easy payments, price includes FREE AND SAFE ' DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. Payments may be made either weekly. monthly or quarterly. We are always willing to arrange TERMS TO SUIT THE CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS There is no interest charged, nor any extra charges of any kind. FOR CASH A DISCOUNT OF 21- in the 2 IS ALLOWED You will save money in furnishing by inspecting our stock or sending or writing for our

NLARGE ILLUSTRATED s + CATALOGUE Free by el , poster on application CL.- ...t• ~,. 4 ~.• ~:,,.... (JR. GRANT, Proprietor). FURNISHINC CO. PEMBROEtE PLACE, -, LIVERPOOL. Business Hours 9 to 8. Early Closing. Saturday 1 p.7.n.
