===== 0002601_19160909_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
- , ,

Public Notices.

CELER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM begins on THURSDAY 7, SEPT. 14th. The Head Master will be at 3hool on TUESDAY NEXT, SEPT. 12th, to iew parents of new boys between the hours 10 to 12. and 3 to 5. school prospactus will be sent on application Head Master.

VERE B. DAVIES, . Law Clerk. LINTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. NOTICE IS HEREBY GTVEN that the .011 of SANKLI.-:klREr...l: 'ot.tweeti Market and Cairo-street will be CLOSED for cular Traffic on and after MONDAY, the inst., for Repairs. By order,

ANDREW M. KER, Borough Engineer and Surveyor Dwn Hall, September 8, 1916.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION_ GAS bEPARTMENT. ,At the urgent request of the Government the vfts Committee have consented to extract more I) "it from the Gas. ...Consumers are advised to REPLACE ALL tr, A T FLAME BURNERS RY INCAN- ESCENT LIGHTS, which will be much more onomical.

W. S. HADDOCK. General Manager. Gas Offices, Mersey-street, September 7th, 1916.

- • • - I.? • klsfirA ;., kiS

===== 0002601_19160909_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR COMMERCIAL PRINTING, GO TO

THE EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. 355 r.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Miller

ABERYSTWYTH. Railway Inn, fully licensed. Comfortable Apartments; moderate terms; one minute sea.—Jones.

COLWYN BAY.—Clwyd Villa. 15. Bay View- lead. Superior private Apartments, facing sea: r,,,-ommended.—Misses Jones.

C- - - - - -- - OM FO-RTABLE ROOMS for the winter; terms moderate.—Apply 3, Sea View, Hoylake.

Watchmakers and Jewellers,

Sankey St., Warrington.

NEW BRIGiITON.—WeII-tu - rnished Apart , ments; near sea and Promenade; I terms ' moderate.—Mrs. Pitt. 105. Rowson-street.

PENMAENMAWR.—Apartments, nicely situ- ated, close to beach; terms moderate.—Mrs. Williams, Scarborough Villa. pWELHEL-1.--7Comfortable Private or P. -a- 'Apartments; bathroom, h. and c. water; close by sea front; cater if required; moderate terms:— Jones. Rock View, South BAsch. Pwllheli.

RBodfor-5, a minae s walk from station or beach- comfortable Apart- ments, with or without board, for moderate terms.— Apply Mrs. Wynne.

SCARBOROUGH—Miss -Wray, 21, York-place: Apartments; board optional; near spa, station,

_

I 'l/4,

,

t ,

c " 41,

Et

I::: ' ' ' , 1 ' , , : ' .

•

I

I

• • • , f,A3

t ,i. * it

s 4 teB3,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
& Co.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
, :.

JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

Women on Farms.

The statement that farmers in the Lymm district are eagerly bidding for female labour, and the constant, appearance of similar items in newspapers, may easily give townspeople the impression—though nothing could be farther from the writer's intentions—that the employment of women in agriculture is some- thing new under the sun. Of course, the so- called weaker sex have always taken part in farm work, being particularly useful, indis- pensable indeed, during harvest operations. I have known women -walk three miles out to work, and back home 'after their day's toil in the fields. In last week's article headed "The Villages in War Time," Mr. Geo. A. Leach incidentally notes how, as the reaper ploughs its way, "the rabbits bolt from the dwindling cornfield square." In the cases of which I had experience such occasions furnished sport for two or three guns. It was not unusual to hand the rabbits over to the female workers, though I have seen a stout old Irishwoman disdain- fully refuse a couple as "too small entirely, and not worth the carrying away." \

No Pacifist Need Apply. As I read of the farewell of the Rev. H. T. Dixon, I thought of a young Congregationalist minister whom I met on a recent train journey. He confided to me that he was 29 years of age, and was only just entering upon his first pas- toral charge—an obscure little country church. He had had a successful college career, and had been commended to larger and more in- fluential churches having vacant pulpits, but when the officers learned that he belonged to what for convenience Lmay term the Dixonites they gave him plainly to understand that they had no use for him.

His Heart's Right There.. The reporter of the merq,orable scenes on the South Lancashires' departure from Bank Quay writes of "the emotion of Farewell, remember me," being "counterbalanced by ragtime." Just so. So far as I have ever been able to ascertain, our Tommies never sing "Home, sweet home," when on active service abroad. I questioned as to this a relative of my own who had been buried in his trench during a bombardment and so severely injured internally that he has been granted his dis- charge. Said he, "Now and again some joker would strike up the old familiar strains, but the fellows couldn't stand it, and the singer never got beyond the opening bar. Someone would cry out, 'Hello, there's another of 'em -wants his mammy,' and the warbler at once became, the target for whatever missiles were handy. None of us could stand 'Home, sweet home,' for a moment." •, , Aunty Guessed Right.

Something I read in a nephew's letter in last week's "Children's Corner" brought to my mind a rather amusing incident. I had called at a house where a little boy was visit- ing. He was playing in theirtteet, and when his aunt asked him to run round the corner on an errand, he did not immediately comply. "Run along," said she, "and perhaps the shopman will give you some biscuits." He complied with alacrity, and was served with the article for which he had asked. The grocer turned to the next customer, but the enter- prising youngster interposed with "Aunty said if I fetched her this you might give me some biscuits "—and he did. The confession was elicited by a surprised and somewhat scandal- ised aunty. • Quaint Epitaphs.

The capital example in last week's "Gossip" set me thinking of others. In his immortal "Elegy," Gray -favours the use of a Scriptural passage for an epitaph, but—well, tastes differ. I know of one in Waddington Churchyard, Yorkshire, in memory of an old boatswain who had had an adventurous career. The-was briefly indicated in rhyme, concluding • "And novr I-lie snug As a )3pg in a rug." This worthy died April 21st, 1789, but a few years after the said William (who ought to have been baptised George) Robey. Here is an instance of the use of poets' licence "Under the bouilif this ancient yew Lie the remains of Jonathan Blue. His name was Brown, but that wouldn't do!"

In Flitton Churchyard, Bedfordshire, is a still more amusing example of the kind. It runs— "Here lies the body of Mary ,Jpnes, Who died from eating cherry stones. Her name was really Smith; not Jones, But Smith wouldn't rhyme with cherry stones."

"The Present Moment." , This was the subject of the evening sermon at Wycliffe Congregational aurch on Sunday. The present moment—now—that ,which alone is ours, the past being gone, while the future may never _come. Methinks I could myself hold forth from this text. I 'should draw for illustration on Lord Avebury's "Peace and Happiness,' Z which has a chapter headed "Now." As Thomas b. Kempis hath it iu the incomparable "-Imitation," , "Now is the time to act, Now is the time to fight,

Now is the time to make myself a better man If to-day you are not ready, Will you be to-morrow?"

"Seize your opportunity," Pitta.cus—one of the seven wise men of Greece—was wont to say. Then there are the proverbs,- "Strike while the -iron's hot," "Make hay while the sun shines," "A stitch in time saves nine," and so forth and so on. And the Bible! "Teach me to number my days," said Moses. "Make me to know mine end, and the measure of my days," said David. "Sufficient unto the day," said Christ, "is the evil thereof." "The world's a bubble," says Bacon, "and the life of man less than a span"; as someone else puts it, "Genesis goes before, and Exodus is the next," therefore

"If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well . It were done quickly." Archias, Governor of Thebes,, in the fourth century 8.C., received one day a letter of warn- ing, but gut it on one side, saying, "Business to-morrow," and lost his life in consequence. Lord Chesterfield said that the Duke of New- castle lost an hour in the morning and spent the rest of the day looking for it. Jeremy Taylor has his say upon this, of course, but let me hasten to a close with a quotation specially appropriate to these unprecedented times. "If a -man," said Bishop Fuller, "chance to die young, yet he lives long that lives well; a time misspent is not lived, but lost." However, I fear that few readers have accompanied me thus far, and that those who have struggled on are beginning to nod. That I be not fur- ther tedious I will say—Ta-ta, and promise not to offend in like manner again.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
NERVE DRUGGING MUST STOP.

Government Takes Action.

Lack of sleep—weak nerves—worry—these are the three things which usually lead to the taking of cocaine, morphia, veronal and other terrible habit-forming drugs, the sale of which the Government has now prohibited. That this was a wise step is proved by the reports of eminent investigators, who claim that, except- ing in rare instances, the use of these drugs is entirely unnecessary. In fact, reports from all parts of the -United Kingdom prove conclu- sively that insomnia, nervousness, lack of energy, neurasthenia, &c., can all be relieved and cured by the use of a food phosphate known among chemists as bitro-phosphate, a 5-grain tablet of which should be taken with each meal; and accordingly chemists are being requested to advise clients suffering from weak nerves, insomnia, &c. to take bitro-phosphate instqad of drugs. It feeds the nerves and makes the& strong and steady. Vitality is raised to a high level, mental and physical lassitude are overcome; the brain acts quickly and clearly, and fatigue is less noticeable even after a most trying day. Many readers will appreciate the fact that handy pocket flasks, containing suffi- cient Bitro-phosphate tablets to last two weeks and costing hut 2/6, can now he obtained locally from 11. M. Ashton, 63, Sankey-street. Each flask contains a coupon guaranteeing satisfac- tiou or money back.

The liquor traffic has defenders but no de- fence.—Abraham Lincoln.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN, MUNITIONS & MONEY.

Heavy Penalty To Stop The Leakage Of Man Power.

EMPLOYING POTENTIAL

SOLDIERS.

A case of exceptional interest as showing the liability of firms who employ, either knowingly or otherwise, men available for military ser- vice, was heard at tile Borough Police Court on Thursday. The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., were summoned by the Military Author- ities (Captain Arthur John MacPhail, recruit- ing officer, being named as complainant) for having, as alleged, knowingly employed men belOnging to the Army Reserve. Major Fox (St. Helens) appeared for the Military Authorities, and Mr. C W. Lee (Messrs. Henry Greenall and (Co.) defended. The summons set out the names of five men —Wilfrid Barrow., 36; •John Dolan, 29; Michael Hunt, 28; Arthur Marsh, 34; and Lauren,2e Chrism 21.. They were described as being absentees from tire Army without leave. Mr. Lee said the defendant company admitted a technical branch of the Act, and after he 'ease for the prosecution was stated he would address the Court in extenuation of *the offence.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
"MAN POWER WE .MUST HAVE."

Major Fox said that in these times when there was a .plea of guilty it was thought it should be treated gently, but he was not so sure that it was his duty to leave it that way with the Bench. These cases were taken against the most iniportant.firm in Warrington so that by that means they (the military) would get an advertisement throughout the town, and in order that there would be no more offenses ct this description:, If their Worships inflicted the maximum penalty fine on the, firm then - would not be any unnecessary suffering and. loss, and if it was imposed it might result in their Worships not 'having any cases of that sort again. He was asked to leave it to their Worships to say what was the penalty to warn Warrington in future. The first man, Wilfrid Barrow, aged 36, was employed by the firm on of 'Ole 26th. He was brought before their Wor- ships and fined £2. John Dolan (29), wds also working for the firm for some considerable time, from 11th July. He had no exemption ticket, and was arrested and given over to the Army authorities. Michael Hunt, aged 28, employed by the firm, was also handed over^io the military authorities. The next two cases were slightly different. Arthur Marsh, aged 34, had not been brought before the Court because they had been slightly misled in the way he was taken on; and Laurence Chriscoli, 21, had. not been prosecuted. There the Court had young men fit for the Army and such a type of men that should not have been engaged by this firm. The country was in need of men of military age and fit. They must carry about with them their exemption certificate and their badge, and there was no difficulty in a firm asking, "If you are coming to work here, show me your exemption paper." The law is laid down on the point. They could not throw the whole responsibility from the firm's shoulders on the back of the men. It should be impressed upon military officers and military representatives that it was their duty to eet men for the Army, and that it was no part of their work to supply men for munitions, unless special arrangements were made by the authorities. It was their duty to get men for the Army and not to assist firms. The three factors by which this war was to be won were man power, munitions and money.' The man power comes first, and man power they should have as military representatives. Therefore they should use every effort to stop any leakage' of man power. , He asked the, Bench to inflict such a penalty as would stop this leakage in Warrington.

UNPARALLELED STRESS AND STRAIN. Mr. Lee, for the defendant company, said their Worships had personal knowledge of the fact that the firm employ' Over 2,500 persons, who had been working at very high pressure for many months past. In the stress and 'strain, unparalleled in the world's history, there were, he submitted, extenuating circumstances where so many thousands of hands were employed. The defendants might have erred, but they had erred in the public interests. The firm pleaded guilty and offered a sincere apology to their Worships. He might say the utmost vigilance was now being exercised by the defend- ant company. He added that there vas a combing out in May and June, and therefore, under all the circumstances, he appealed :to their Worships with, every confidence for leniency, and suggested that the justice of these five summoilses would be met by dismiss- ing them on pap /Sent of costs. The Chairman (Mr. W. Roberts) said the magistrates did not sew their way to dismiss the cases, because some of the men had been fined 40s. and they had been handed over. They thought that justice would be met by a fine of £5 in each case.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
I NBADGED MEN.

'1 he Mayor On Firms Who Haw Been Keen On Badges.

When a comparatively young man named William John Martin, 297 Lovisly-lane, was charged at the Borough Police Court, on Mon- day, with failing to report himself for military service, Detective-Sergeant Reddington ex- plained that he was employed by. the British Aluminium Company, without any certificate of exemption. He had previously ben with Messrs. Hanson and Edwards, and on leaving them in April had to forego his badge. When spoken to about the matter, the manager of the British Aluminium Company said, he could not understand whY Martin had not applied fora badge.

The Alayor (Alderman- Peter Peacock) re marked that firms should regard it as an important point that on badged men leaving their employ they should notify the authori- ties. Employers, he added, were very keen on. getting their. men badged, yet when they left the employers would not take the trouble to tell the authorities.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Group Called Up, But Waiting.

Captain McPhail remarked that seeing there were so many cases of unexempted men being employed, he was instructed to ask for a heavier penalty than usual in, order to stop it. Martin said he had received no papers calling him up since he left Messrs. Hanson and Ed- wards. 14 had been waiting for them. , • The Mayor: You knew you were liable when you were not badged. Chief Constable Nicholls: His group has been called up months and months. Captain McPhail added that but for stopping the man in the street the military would have been out of touch with him owing to the firths not notifying them Fined AI and handed Over to the, military authorities.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOURERS FINED FOR: REFUSING TO OBEY ORDERS.

At the Munitions Court on Monday, two workmen in the employment of a firm at Sankey, were charged with having on several days in August refused to obey lawful orders. They were instructed to/ carry wire from one, part of the works to anot4r, but failed to clo so on two or three occasions. The representa- tive of the firm said that no reason was given for the refusal except on the part of one of them, who said he had "enough to do already." It was not extra work they were required to do as wire cleaners. If the company had not been shorthanded he might not have asked the defendants to do the work, but under the cir- cumstances he considered it their duty zo remove the wire. The duty of removing the wire had not been discharged for two months previous by another man, as suggested by de- fendants.

Defendant said they had always endeavoured to do their duty, and the wire had been taken to the place to which .they were told to ta'kp it. The President (Mr. T. J. Ridgway) said this was the first time this point had been raised. It was the duty of a labourer to obey orders, but the defendants would only have to pay 2s. 6d. each.

n.

Wounded.

Britton, 10, Gaskell-street, has been womoied 131, shrapnel in the back, and is now in a North- umberland hospital. Gunner 'Britton, who is twenty-six years ni age, comes of a very patriotic family. In additiom to two brothers who are now serving in France—Sergeant Henry Britton and Joseph Britton—another, Sergeant John Britton, of the South Lanes: Regiment, was killed .at Mons. Two step-brothers, ,Private Samuel Warburton and Private Thomas Warburton, are also serving at the Front, and two more brothers have at- tested aiad expect shortly to report themselves.

Gunner sßritton, who is the -father of three children, was formerly employed in the galvan- ising ' dep4tment- of Messrs. Ryland e Bros.' works. He was educated at the National and St. Ann's Schools. He joined the Army upon the outbreak of war, and has been at the Front twelve months.

- " , - . , . 4 . . t •

GUNNER JAMES BRITTON.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1916.

WOUNDED IN THE ADVANeE.

LANCE-CORPORAL J. RICHARDSON.

Woundcd A Second Time And Loses A Limb.

On the 20th July, Lance-Corporal John Richardson, King's (Liverpool) Regiment, got hit on, the forehead and was treated for his wound in the stationary hospital at Rouen. The wound was, fortunately, a slight one, and in about a week's time he was sent out again to the trenches.

On August 29th, Mrs. Richardson, 44, Walton- road, Stockton Heath, received a letter from her husband stating that he eit hit in the leg at two o'clock on Sunday morning, 27th August, and that he had undergone an operation. He would 'be sent to a base hospital, and then prob- ably to England. The brave fellow did not mention the grave nature of his injuries, but on Sunday, 3rd September, Mrs. Richardson got a second letter from the General Hospital, Northampton, in which he told her that he left the base on Saturday morning and got to England the same /night. "I was completely done up when I got here," he went on, "but I have jiist had-my leg dressed and feel a bib better,' but, of course, far from well as yet." Then, having gently led up to the whole admission of his terrible ex- perience, he says. "I have had my left leg off and from what I can make out there is only a very little bit left. . . . . I am very lucky to get away with only the loss of my leg." He also stated that he might have to undergo a still further operation. .

Lance-Corporal Richardson, who is 37 years of age, enlisted in June, 1915, and was drafted out to France the-following Decein'aer. He was.

.1

rest assured we will do everything we possibly can to help him to get better." Two days later Private Clements himself • wrote, saying: "You must excuse me for not writing 'sooner. I have been very ill, but am' now a lot better. I suppose you will think I got a good share of• wounds. I got wounded twice, first, time in: the wrist and shoulder' while digging trenches. The doctor dressed my wounds and the' stretcher-berers were tak- ing me to the car when tile enemy started to shell the, road. The stretcher-bearers left me in the road, but I never saw them after. Two more stretcher-bearers, however, took me to the dressing station, but I had been hit again in the left leg and right wrist and was expecting to 'go up therair ' any minute. . . . . I expect soon to be travelling to Bngland." Private, lements is '2l years- of age and is a son of Mr. William Clements, at present on ambitlance work at Fazjikerley Hospital. He enlisted about a year ago, was fornierly, em- ployed by Messrs. S. and F. Acton, plumlx.A.rs and decorators; is an "01(1 boy" of St. Bar- nabas' School, and attended the Bible Class in connection with that church. He has ,a brother on munition work; and his father is also a member ,of the St. John Ambulance Brigade.

THE LATCHFORD CADET CORPS.

• Orders for week ending September 15th : Parades.—Suirday (to-morrow): Church Par- ade at Christ Church, Latchford; 'fall-in at Headquarters at 10 a.m. .prompt A goo;i1 parade is expected; Tuesday and Friday.—Company' Drill. zic.; fall-in at 7.30 prompt. Ambulance Section to parade under orders of Corporal E. Lea. Orderlies.—Lance-Corporal T. Ashton and Bugler F. Chappell. J. a STARKEY, Commanding officer.

CORPORAL JOHN FINNERTY.

Wounded.

PRIVATE_ JOHN BAIRD.

Wounded.

coming out at the left. I got hit when we were attacking the German trenches on• Friday, August 18th. I got as far as the second line. NOw I am nice and comfortable in bed in the General Hospital." lie also asked for a watah as his had got broken. "Percy Hughes has got wounded as well. His is in the arm or shoulder, I am not sure where. I did not see him, but I was told, and where he is nowl I don't know."

......... ____... .. Private Bai ,vl, ,who,is twenty-six fears of age, was . formerly employed at Walker's Brewery. He enlisted on ,the 9th FebruAry this year. Two other brothers are serving tlie• Colours.

WORKS' COMPLAINTS.

Big Wages For Poor Time- Keepers.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLEMAN W. BENTLEY.

Vt'ounded. In The, Nose Close To Left Eye. • •

A War Office intimation which recently reached Mrs. Bentley, . 26, Wilson-street, in- formed her that her husband, Rifleman William Bentley, of the Kings Royal Rifles; has been admitted into No. 9' General Hospital,: Rourm, France, suffering from a-gun-shot wound. in •tie left hand. Rifleman Bentley himself wrote,

RIFLEMAN Wit. BENTLEY.

Wounded

however, under date August 24th,' to say he WaS wounded in the nose. The letter ran a!+ follows I am sorry to tell you that I am in hospital suffering from a shrapnel wound in the side of my nose, 'close 'to the left eye. It is not very much eonsidering, some people I have seen. I am glad it's rio worse, so don't worry yourself. It seems strange that I should be sent to the same hospital that our Jack (his brother) is at." Tihis brother referred to is employed in medical work at the hospital, • Rifleman Bentley, who is thirty-three years of age, has been in the Army twenty-one' months, and at the Front fourteen months.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A JOCULAR DEFENDANT.

At the Munitions Court on Monday, before ~Mr. T. J. Ridgway and two assessors, a nuniiber of workmen were charged with,having absented

themselves from work on various dates, in July and August, without leave or giving any reason for so doing.

Fines were imposed ranging from 2s. 6d. to 21 Ws.

It transpired that the wages in some cases were £2 16s. per week, and even as high a .23 125., and some of the defaulters are single men.

In one case, the defendant, an elderly man, took _rather a jocular view of his position, and having pleaded guilty to losing time, was anxious to have the case decided quickly. Pro- ducing a very substantial linen bag, he created much amusement in Court by asking "What am I in your debt? "Tell me and I will pay. I want no humbug hie. Don't keep me wait- ing."

A representative of the firm said the man could ,earn £3 12s. a week. The Chairman told defendant he would be fined 10s.

Defendant: The expenses are heavy, aren't they? He then dived inta the bag and paid the amount in silver to the Clerk of the Court.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
GIRLS' HIGH WAGES.

Another firm complained that an employe had stayed away from his work for several days in August. The man had been originally,paid 255. as a labourer, but he was now Able to earn from £2 to £2 10s. weekly. The firm's repre- sentative mentioned that girls employed at the same work were also earning these wages.—Thc Court considered this a very bad case and fined defendant £2.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING PlittASE.

Said He Would "Knock His Block

Off."

At the Munitions Court on Monday a boiler- maker who had been employed in a Warrington boiler works for seven years applied for an order granting him his certificate. The sub- stance of his complaint was that his 'foreman was always finding fault with him. He threat- ened to "knock his block off," and on another occasion caught him by the back of the neck and threatened he would smash him up. When applicant asked for his cards the foreman told him he would hake to appeal to the Tribunal. • The President (Mr. T. J. Ridgway): When he threatened to knock your block off, did he mean your work? Applicant: No, my head. (Laughter.) In answer to a member of the firm, whb sug- gested that applicant was wilfully causing this trouble in order to gO to another job for more nioney, the man, said it was not the money, it Was the comfort he wanted. He did not wish to work there again. The foreman admitted that he said to appli- cant," For two. pins I would knock your block, off," but he aggravated him' to say it. He made himself very disagreeable to him with the 'sole intention of getting him to say something. The certificate was granted.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLAINT ABOUT WAGES.

At the Munitions Court on Monday a furnace hand in a local works asked for his certificate on the ground that his wages were not enough to keep his wife and family, and he wished to go elsewhere. He was paid 265. 6d. and 2s. bonus per week. He had not worked any overtime lately: A .representative •of the firm said that appli- cafit was paid a penny per hour more than the average rate paid-other abourers for the same duties. The work was entirely War Office work. If they could replace the man they would let him leave, but if he. left the. mill would close. The certificate was refused. -

===== 0002601_19160909_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOY'S APPLICATION TO THE MUNITIONS COURT. N

A boy, who had been in the employment of a local .coal firm, complained to the Munitions Court on. Monday that he had been dismissed without notice, and ,asked for compensation.

Mr. ' Harry Harrison', National- Union of General Labourers, presented the boy's case, and said the latter commenced work with the firm on the 27th July, his wages beirtg 75.. a week. On Saturday, August 19th, the pay clerk gave him his wages and his insurance card, and told him there was no more work for him to do, as the other boy was coming back. A member of the firm said the boy was not considered strong enough for the job. They would have given him a week's notice if he had asked for it. His was not a controlled firm,iand it was not usual to take or give notice in the case of casual labourers. Mr. Ridgway (president of the Courts held that the firm did not come within the Order made by the Ministry of Munitions of the 4th July, 1915. The application was, therefore, dis- missed.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
" WIFE AWAY PLEASURING AT NEW BRIGHTON."

At Monday's Munitions Court an employe was summoned by a local firm for absenting himself from 'work at night and at'an important period of his duties. The mill was stopped for the time and they had to send out for another man. - Defendant said that his wife was away pleasur- ing at New Brighton, and he went away to get his supper. . The President said he would be fined 55., and added,'" Your wife ought to pay it for you."

RIDE A *r •••• • e, *itt% THE/ ALL- 3TEELy WCYSLO Guaranteed for ever, and built entirely of the finest cold-rolled,steel—no malleable iron castings ss in other bicycles. • Prices—From £7 108. to £l6 16s. Send a Postcard for "The Book of the Raleigh." Warrington: F. A. Crabtree, Bridge Foot;_J- Danks, 3, Bewsey Street. Stockton heath: W. Knight, London Road. Latchford: J. Paterson, 741, Knutsford Road. Lymm :J. B. Taylor, The Cross. Frodsham : T. Booth, Main Street. Marton: W. Massey. RALEIGH CYCLE CO., LTD., Nottinghanl.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING AND MOTORING.

HOW TO CLEAN A CAR.

It seems a far simpler operation to wash a ear than it is in reality. The washing is not so diffi- cult; it is in the drying and polishing where (Ale needs experience.. Those who are undertaking Una work for the first time this season—and there a" ma,ny who are, their chauffeurs being• engaged on more important work—will find the following hint! 'helpful:—Clean down the car after every ran a' soon as possible; on no account put it off till to; morrow, it is far more trouble then. Rubbing an dirt and dust is bad for the varnish and will ruin the best finish in no time. As the wheels, mud- guards and underside of the car are always dirtiest, wash these first, using all the pressure you can get on to the hose. When hosing has thoroughlY loosened the dirt, set to with a good bristly brush and finish off with another hosing. Use only gentle pressure of water to clean the body- panels and tops of the mudguards. When the water has so loosened the mud that it practically runs off, take the hose in your left hand and sponge in your right, and, working the two together, souse off the final stains. Never wash down the car in the sun; if you do it will dry patchy. When washing '5 finished, use a: clean leather to give the finishing touches. Treat the leather as if it were blotting Paper, using it to sop up surface moisture, rinsing it out in clean water and wringing it dry as soon as it becomes at all wet. Keep metal parts bright' If once they become really dull, it is ten times AS hard to brighten them again. THE TIMING OF THE MAGNETO.

Timing a magneto is 'a job at which many nict°r cyclists jib. True, it isn't perhaps one of the pleasantest tasks to perform, but it is certainlY job that every motor cyclist should be able to d° when necessary. First of all you want to have a clqpx knowledge as to when you want the spark t° our. There are three usual " positions " a sParifr ing, and these are: (1) When the piston is a frac- tion from the top position on its upward coraPr,es; sion stroke (when the exhaust valVe is closed, t°9'' is). This " position " is usually chosen for verY fast work. (2) When the piston is just at the tol? on the compression stroke; useful for all round work. (3) When the piston is a fraction of an inch from the top on the downward, or firing stroke; useful for heavy and sidecar work. Betwee!,. these three positions there is an infinite varietY suit the varying whims of various engines. then for the method. Remove the cover from tr driving gear and loose the chain wheel on 0° armature shaft shaft by unscrewing the lock-nut, ing a couple' of screw. drivers behind the cna'— wheel, and giving each a slight tap in turn. Leal° the chain in position. Open the 'engine conaPres- sion tap and with the aid of a bit of wire test the position of the piston. Move the engine Pn11(11 wheel until the piston is dead on top of. the ccAr; pression stroke '(when both valves are closed). 4e the spark control lever at two-thirds retarded, making sure the piston has not moved, turn tt: armature of the magneto until the points of n contact breaker are just about to break. Tne— tighten the lock-nut of ihe chain wheel and replace the gear case.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAY TO CALCULATE HORSE-POWER!

The present methoa of stating the power 0 . motor car in terms of horse-power is far from sa r te factory. It is extremely misleading, and as a mat rø of fact is 'often quite erroneous. For instance, the may be two mdtor cars, one of which is rated a 7 h.p. and the other at, 12 h.p. Yet each may Pfut, sess the same cubic capacity and practicallY same power. The only difference' between the tw° is that one has a wide bore and a short stroke, whereas the other has a narrower bore and a long!! stroke. There have been suggestions made in 01! past for obviating this objection, but the followilu! appears to be the best solution Of the difficulty tlifo • to has yet been brought forward. The proposal Is the effect that the volume of gases swept out by tscei pistbns should be used as a basis. A good meth° would be to let 100 c.c. I epresent one unit of Power. On this basis, a 10 h.p, car, with a 1,500 c.c. eugine' would be rated at 15 h.p. This would in very Enfl cases be nearer the mark than the figure emPl°Y' at present.

OIL!. OIL!. OIL! ir Nine out of ten cyclists habitually under-oil t"" the machines. And they pay for it, not only in,„e long run, but in the short run, too. No inacino which- is under-oiled will travel as it ough,t travel. If such a thing were possible, whic isn't, the ideal cycle would have all its viorsi-nf parts running in oil. But as this is a dreara, some future state, the least we can do is to sat°il the modest demands of the oil containers. I oil a th° bearings exposed to mud and dust, such as r pedal and crank bearings, every hundred miles so; the less exposed bearings receiving a good OA. every two hundred miles or thereabouts. After c7O ing each bearing the machine should be rocked Oa/ and fro half a dozen times in order that the Oil be swilled into both ball races. This has the sui tional advantage of utilising all the oil inie°',.ehe rather than Allowing it to trickle out on to 1.5 r floor. As a further prevention of the latter Illea'ro business it is advisable to see that the oil holes at uppermost, especially when the machine hes4b: stand indoors after oiling. Don't forget to oil head, brake joints, and other likely-to-be-forgole parts, for while some of these have little to with ot actual running of the machine, they have a gr deal to do with the comfort and ease of riding. SPOICBS'

It Wasn't Like-Her. The young man was in love. He had dared his passion to the young lady and ri had passed him along to father. rab'e

listened to his tale patiently.

It is all right E-io far as I am consel the old gentleman said, "but I am afraid tl".'

Janie will not marry you." ded' "Oh, don't say that," the young man luea "Has she—has she said so?" "No," said the old gentleman, " but fr°° olt what I know of Janie, if she had wanteu Y.vg she would have taken you without refer° you to me."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I -411111

• • • -

===== 0002601_19160909_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR TRAVELLING TRUNKS,

DRESS BASKETS, &c.,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SUIT CASES,

Try J. S. GARLAND,

FURNISHING

IRONMONGER,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
lttitrs wog Ohitor

MIXED BATHING.

Sir,--Now that mixed bathing is becoming so Popular one wonders why we in Warrington have not one or two days at the Baths set apart for the same purpose. I feel sue it would be the means of producing a healthier relationship'between the sexes, and the revenue Would be much greater. Of course it is too late this season, but next season the Baths Commit- tee ought to sanction its adoption the first Week. Men who know the art of swimming Would then be able to teach their sons and daughters how to swim. If this humble sug- gestion is acted upon I think the Corporation Would very soon see an increase in the receipts. Perhaps some of your correspondents who are interested in this matter will agitate until Something is done. .

CLEANLINESS

===== 0002601_19160909_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RATEPAYERS' SHARE.

Should Electricity Department

Yield Greater Profit ?

CURRENT OF PRAISE

FUSED.

A current of praise in favour of the Electricity and Tramways Committee at the Town Council anlecting, on Tuesday, was fused by Councillor `4ough, but soon repaired by Councillor Joseph, the chairman of the committee. It was the balance sheet for the year ending "31st March, which came under discussion, the net profit being £2,395, which was transferred to the Appropriation Account, making now a credit balance of £9,424, after transferring £l,OOO in aid of the Improvement Rate. The Reserve Fund amounts to £9,358, and the capi- tal expenditure was £4,698, bringing the total uP to £132,498. Alderman James Smethurst expressed his Pleasure with the balance sheet, speaking -tighlY of the labours of the Chairman of the Qectricity and Tramways Committee (Coun- cillor Joseph), the• committee itself, and the 4.ogineer (Mr. F. V. L. Mathias), who has held ‘.nat position almost ever since the electricity Works began. It was a wonderful balance sheet considering the present time, and he was highly Pleased that the committee had not been per- suaded by some members of the Council to pro- ceed on unbusinesslike principles. There was a great cry when the price of electricity was raised, and there had always been so when the c°romittee spent money on developments; but Itl,e claimed that the figures presented backed no committee up that their judgment was right. Councillor Gough, remarking that honest criticism sometimes bore fruit, recalled that at the last meeting of the Council he tried to "Pose the committee for their unbusinesslike ,WeYs. Ile was glad to see that they were not -Indifferent to the voice of reason. Although the Council might be satisfied with little benefits ,_and profits, however, the public were not with the return of profit considering the capital ex- Denditure of £132:498. The reserve fund stood St £9,000. If that money .were well-invested it ould bring in half the amount to be given to ,tne rates this year by the committee. Through nor electricity undertaking Manchester had reduced her rates by tens of thOusnds of Pounds a year, yet the Warrington Town Coun- cil were rejoicing over a paltry pittance. Of course, he was pleased the committee had made a little show, but neither ratepayers nor con- sumers were satisfied, expecting them to make a better show.

Councillor Joseph said that they were making aft much of the electricity department as they could, considering the difficulties of obtaining fuel and the labour shortage. In regard to in- creased prices they had only gone upon the Principle of raising them to cover the higher ”Penses. They had not gone in for making a 41 profit—only a fair one. They had given the cenefit to the consumers. In some towns the I.ates were not considered at all by ,the com- plittee in charge of the electricity department, ,the prices being kept as low as possible for Ur.) "enefit of the consumers. If Councillor Gough could give that committee any better plan they 170uld, be very pleased to consider it. He ‘Ceuncillor Joseph) did not believe in anyone Picking holes in any policy without their being Ptepared to give an alternative. ..Councillor Gough: I have already done that. 011 are selling electricity too cheaply to some PeoPle. . bisregarding this statement, Councillor Joseph ZoOcluded by thanking Alderman Smethurst for c'll3 kind remarks. "It is a little consolation 'l.ora the other side," he said.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TO AVOID BUMPING.

Councillor Wilson Suggests painting Lamp-posts White.

Councillor Wilson does not want us to hurt selves by running into unillumined lamp- at night. At the monthly meeting of the Town Council °lll Tuesday the Mayor (Alderman Peter Pea- T?cic) presiding, he suggested that owing to the il,lfaculty of seeing lamp-posts at night when IleY were unlighted parts of the standards !ootild be painted white. That had been done rother towns, he said, and thus many mis- .hallos had been prevented. He could bring 'll3of that owing to failing to do it in War- Pligton as many as thirty accidents took place kst winter. He suggested to the Gas Com- ttee that they should consider the idea at cheir next meeting. Unless it were done, and teo,Ple bumped against the pasts and hurt eolselves, they had grounds for action against Corporation. _Councillor J. T. Locker indicated that he would bring the idea before the Gas Committee. ..e Time o' Year.

Waiter (who has indignantly been asked to Zell the lobster): "Well, sir, there don't seem Ith Ine to be much wrong with it, sir—not for time o' year, sir.—" Punch."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
51,53 & 55, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

EXCLUDED AND ISOLATED.

Cairo Street Chapel Ignored by Roman, Anglican and Nonconformist.

MINISTER'S VINDICATION.

The Rev. Irvine Lister, speaking on "The Church Catholic," last Sunday morning, on entering upon the third year of his ministry at Cairo-street Chapel, said it -vas something for which he ought to be thankful that it had been possible to work out clearly for himself a complete and satisfactory conception of ' the Church, the need of its existence, its origin and power, its peculiar functions. and the primary object for which it existed. A Clear Conception Needed.

The .reverend gentleman having revieoed the claims of the Roman Catholic Church, and the various suggestions toward unity within the Anglican Church and the Nonconformist Churches, proceeded "If already there is so much movement and restatement within these great Churches, if they are all realising their weakness and shortcomings, as they undoubtedly are, surely it is incumbent on us also to re-examine our own position, and not to be satisfied until we have worked out a clear, simple and effective conception of our own Church. Why, after all do we exist? Why, in this town of so many Churches, do we hold an isolated position, and what is our real purpose in so continuing?

"Let me make clear to you the position we do hold, and, although I do not like to say this, I feel that it is necessary. We here, at Cairo- street Chapel, have no point of contact with the Roman Catholic Church, just as every other Church, Anglican or Free, has no point of con- tact. The Roman Catholic Church does not admit our right to teach Christian truth. It asserts that this which we call a Christian Church is not a Christian Church at all, and that we who are members of it are not members of the body of Christ. That attitude is clear and understandable, and it is uncompromising. "But 'so far as the Anglican Church is con- cerned, yiftk are in a similar position. There may not be the same abscilute denial of our right or power to teach Christian truth, there may be willingness to unite in philanthropic— which is Christian—work, but neither our ministry nor our membership is recognised. The Rev. R. J. Campbell, though ordained to the Congregational ministry, must retract his former teaching and beliefs and become reordained ; and members of Free Churches who would become communicants of the Church of England must be baptised. and confirmed before they can be received. So far as our own Church is concerned therefore, we are not con- sidered to be of the body of Christ. Oldest, Free Church Not A Free Church.

"But we have no point of "contact either with the so-called Free' Churches of this town. These Churches are called Nonconformist Churches, forming a body of their own, recog- nising one another's work and claims, and definitely united for various kinds of work in a Free Church Council. They have united especially for war work in various kinds of intercession and public services. It would seem,. therefore, as a Christian Church, hold- ing many of -the principles of government and church management which these other churches hold, that it would be possible for us to have fellowship with them. But we are excluded from their fellowship. The oldest Free Church in this town, with a long and honourable tradition, established when the 2,000 clergymen were ejected from the Church of England be- cause of the freedom they claimed, and served and upheld since then by some of the ablest ministers and scholars and the best citizens of Warrington, this Church, for a reason which, candidly, I cannot understand, is not invited to the fellowship of the Free Churches, and is not allowed representation on what is persistently called a Free Church Council. We are excluded from taking part in their- united efforts, and we are isolated. But, even more than that, although there exists a ,more or less informal gathering of Free Church ministers, who month by month meet for mutual help and fellowship, the minister of Cairo-street Chapel is not invited to attend, nor is his presence desired.; Here, again, in what is a body of no official standing, we have no point of contact with others; our work is not recog- nised by these Nonconformist ministers, and we have no fello*ship with them. Clearly, again, we are not recognised as belonging to the 'body of Christ.'

make clear that we occupy a position of isola-

"Now, I have mentioned. this in order to tion, and inasmuch as that is so, there is implied criticism and condemnation of our existence. The Romish Church contends quite frankly that we are heretics and have no justi- fication for our existence. The Anglican Church also holds that we are heretics, and have no right or power to teach Christian truth. And the so-called Free Churches, in- asmuch as they do not admit us to their fellowship, also 'plainly do not look upon us as a Christian Church, and they regard our claims as false. That is our position, a posi- tion we have held too long, and have too tamely acquiesced in. But, because we do hold this position, it is all the more incumbent on us to state clearly for ourselves and for others the reason of our existence, and our own con- ception of the true, Church of Christ. :We must justify. our -own position in order that we may individually stand against criticism, and in order that we convince others of the reasonableness of our claims.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
The Supreme Revelation.

"This Church was founded after the great ejec- tion of 1662, anld those who founded it held that the only autholity- within the Church should be the Spirit of Jesus Christ, and that He, and not the State, was a sufficient guide. It is that belief which upholds our Church to-day: There has been no essential difference, and there has been no change in that belief or wavering from •it during the 259 years of its existence. This Church has stood for freedom of thought and belief, for the right to bring the intellect to bear upon the questions of faith, for the right to test creeds and dogmas by the light of truth, and for the right to allow the Spirit of Christ to make a progressive revelation, which, as we have had ability and power, we have accepted and fol- lowed. In the course of years, as progress has been madp in science and theology, we have been free from the fetters of tradition and dogma, and have been ready to receive the new

THE EXAIVIINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1916.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
•:• AA A " A 0 A A A 0 g fk• 0 * + •:• •:• 0 +++ * 4* + • + 0 0 0 4* •:* +• 4* •:* 0 •:* 4* • •:* 0 4* •:• 0 0 0 •:* •:* • * •:* + • •:* • •:* * + •:* •:* •:* •:* * •:* 0 • + 4,4* 4* 4* 0 0 • • + + •:• •:* •:* •:. . ) + • • •:* • • • • + 4* 4* 4* + .:..:. .:..:. .:..:._ .:..:. •••• . z: WOMAN9S WORLD. I il• .. ~, „:. ..:. . .:..:. . • 4*

yet others on the toe. Antique buckles in paste and pinchbeck are sought to adorn satin and moire evening shoes as are the Quaker sub- stitutes in beads and black velvet. The latter are very large, and are generally placed on shoes of two materials, such as mbire and velvet. Stockings for outdoor. wear match the shoes when these are coloured, and many, tints and shades of blue, tete-de-negre and grey are seen. With black shoes white stockings are still worn, although this combination is not in the best of taste.

Should a Girl .Marry in War Time? "'My dear, of course I know he's brave, fighting for us and all that, but do you think it quite—ex—right for him to expect a girl to marry him while he is still in the• Army?' 'Why not?' was my very natural, but coldly spoken question."—Mrs. Patrick Macgill, in the September "Mothers' Magazine."

Milk and Typhoid Fever. Typhoid fever may be distributed throughout a district through the contamination of the milk supply. This is not because the cows are suffering from typhoid fever, for that has not yet been proved, but the water supply of the dairy may be infected with typhoid bacilli or one or more of the milkers or others who handle the milk may be the source of infection. It is dangerous to have on the premises of the dairy not only someone suffering from typhoid fever but also anyone who has had typhoid within two or three years, for it must be re- membered that even after what appears to be a full recovery from typhoid a person may still be carrying and distributing typhoid fever germs. Again the simplest remedy is boiling the milk or at least raising it to a temperature of 160 degrees Fahr. for some twenty minutes. —" Good Health." Corsets Cause Backache.

Writing in the September "Good Health," Dr. A. B. Olsen has the following to say about corsets and backaches: "In the case or women the wearing of stays , and corsets accounts for a very considerable number of distressing and persistent backaches. The pressure in the waist line has the effect of pushing the abdominar organs out of place and this causes a dragging and tugging of the 'supports, . which is certain to give rise to more of less ache and pain. Corset-wearing is a direct cause not only of pro- lapse oi the stomach, but also of the bowels. This meairs that there ais , a pulling down or dragging of the mesentery which supports these organs and an obstinate form of more or less distressing backache is the natural outcome. The con- striction of the waist, not infrequently affects the kidneys as well And causes one or even both of them to, be pressed out of place so that tnere is a movable or floating kidney. The stretch- ing and dragging of the nerves gives rise to much distress and backache that is sometimes well- nigh intolerable. It is much easier to get these organs out of place than it is to get them back to their normal position, so that prevention by absention from the use of constricting bands and corsets is the most satisfactory cure."

Vegetable Marrow and Cereal Salad. Fry a chopped onion in one tablespoonful oil, add one gill rice, heat well together and cover with twice the amount of vegetable stock or water, seascen with salt and cayenne or paprika. Cook with the lid tightly on for twenty minutes; drop loosely into a basin containing three tablespoonfuls of oil and one‘ef vinegar, salt, and pepper, and toss from time to time tilt cold. Cook the marrow till it is three-quarter done, and "cut into strips nioout ;In. thick. Season these well and dress in salad dressing highly seasoned. Mix with the rice, dress in a salad bowl, arrange tomato round it, and sprinkle with chopped herbs. Chicken Broth.

With every particle of fat or grease carefully taken off by blotting-paper when hot, may be drunk cold or iced, and will at times be re- tained when the stomach rejects everything else, especially in sea-sickness. It should be seasoned with a little salt, and taken from a glass feeder, when the patient is lying down. It is a refreshing and supporting drink, even in cases of fever, and should be given quite cold or iced, not luke-warm.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAT and GOSSIP.

By MARJORIE.

Queen Elizabsth as Nurse.

That the Queen of Roumania .and her daugh- ters will take an active part in the nursing of Roumanian wounded soldiers goes without say- ing, and in this they will be following closely in ,the footsteps of thd late Queen Elizabeth. In 1877 Roumania' joined Russia against Turkey, and in the war that followed the Princess Elizabeth, as she was then, and who had been remarkable for her intellectual attainlnents, dis- played great energy and resource in the organisa- tion of an ambulance corps of Roumanian ladies. She went through the task with a heroism that overcame all obstacles, and that greatly en- deared her to the nation. The Prince led his troops throughout the campaign, and his in- creased popularity after the war was due in great part to the untiring activity ,of his colt- sort. In 1881 the Prince was crowned King, and as he died leaving neither son nor daughter, Ms nephew Ferdinand succeeded him On the throne.

Feminine Insanity and the War. Since the latter part of 1914 there has been, according to an eminent medical authority, a sensible diminution in the number of women admitted to lunatic asylums. This is attributed to the change brought about by the war, in the daily lives of women of all' classes, but more especially of the middle classes. The sheltered. and unoccupied lives of the majority of the daughters of professional men and merchants, who still followed mid-Victorian ideas of gen- tility, stifled their psychic energies and induced neurasthenia and hypochondria. The war has set this class free from benumbing convention- alities, widened the outlook in life, and to a large extent banished the ennui of idleness, thus setting up an antidote to mental disorders. The diminished purchasing power of the sovereign, and the disappearance of domestic servants, have compelled the formerly comfortably-placed middle-clao housewife to set up a new stan- dard of living, to exercise an unwonted eccinomy, and to rely on her own initiative. Housekeeping' has become much more interest- ing in conseouence, and mental health has im- proved. Patchwork and Stitchery.

Many old faihions have been revived, and it is not surprising that many women are making patchwork of odds and ends of velvet and silk, and with the aid of end pieces of miffed silk, converting them into charming bolster cushions. The newest blouses are being made entirely by hand, and sewn together by means of pretty fancy stitches. Roumania, now an Ally of the Entente Powers, has given us a charming idea for openwork seams, used by the peasants in tbe making of their national costumes. Several other effective stitches coming from the same source may be used for securing hems. Knot- stitch, chainstitch, and faggoting are all worked in coarse thread. On the eddes of collars and cuffs beads and loop-stitches make a novel finish, and are a change fkom the. French knot that has been so long in use; loops of three or five beads being prettier than a large number. Blanket-stitch is also widely employed for the edging of collars and cuffs. In fact, during the holidays, handwork of a useful kind has been very much in evidence, and workbags have in- creased enormously in size ih order to accom- modate all the wools and implements required. Fashionable Footwear.

The fashion for the toilette of one colour. only, including millinery and footwear, has been recently revived, and has much to recommend it, as far as attractiveness is concerned. With regard to modish footwear, the cavalier shoe of patent leather with a :large-buckle, and worn with fine black silk stockings, is patronised by many well-dressed women at the moment. In fact, buckles have returned with a vengeance, and are worn in auaint old-world positions. Originally they were used as fastener& of the shoe strap, and some women now elect to use them thus; others place them on the instep, and

truth revealed to us. Thus, without any diffi- culties, the old false idea of the literal verbal inspiration of the Bible has 'given place to a more enlightened and reverent conception of the Scriptures, more in accordance with the truth. The ancient doctrine of the Atonement as a propitiation to an angry God has given place to the idea of a progressive redemption consistent with the love of God for rail Ms children. The conception of .a fallen and hope- less humanity has given place to a belief full of hope in the progressive development of mankind, and the crude idea of the Trinity, the Father uncreate, the Son uncreate, and the Holy Ghost uncreate,' has given" place to the reasonable and understandable conception of God—the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ and our Father. And in all these liberal and progressive changes we have not departed from the Spirit of Jesus Christ. His Spirit is authoritative in our Church. It breathes through our prayers, our hymns, and our music. It is proclaimed in all our ceremonies, and upon the -tablets on the wall, and He has this authority because He is to us The way, the truth and the life.' The only Church which can be Holy and Catholic is the Church Which is free to receive the truth as, in the wisdom of God, it is revealed to us. It is the Church which acknowledges the ever-pres- ent revelation of God in humanity as well as His 'supreme revelation in Jesus Christ,' and in which there is liberty of thought and con- Science."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE.

Objectors Appeal To Guardians For

Hothe- Maintenance.

At a meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians, on Wednesday, the Clerk (Mr. A. Bottomley) reported that two • Penketh con- scientious objectors who ; had been court- martialled had written requesting that the Board should afford relief to their wives and children.

. . The Rev. A. M. Mitchell: Penketh seems to be full of conscientious objectors. Mr. Thomas Dale asked whether it was not degrading that men like the applicants should have to appeal for help to the Poor Law? They were willing to earn their own living if the authorities would help them. The Chairman (Mr. A. J. Jolley) replied that they' could only concern themselves with the facts and the circumstances would be inquired into properly and reported by the Clerk.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLD WOMAN'S WAR-WORK.

I'd write a poem if k.could, Would dry your eyes qf tears; I'd launch a flashing word which should Be heard adown the years; I'd jiold the Kaiser up' to shame '- Until he lost his crown; I'd weave a laurel wreath of fame Would ne'er go sere and brown: And so I take my pencil up and lay ray knitting down.

Alas! your tears will not be stayed By, little words in rhyme; My imny thoughts are all afraid To trust themselves to Time; I think perhaps the Kaiser ,too Would scarcely heed my frown, And some might say my claims are few To weave the laurel crown: And so I take my knitting up and lay my pencil down.

I'll shape ,the toe and turn the heel, And vary ribs , and plains, And hope some soldier-man may feel The warmer for my pain; I'll fashion mitten, sock and glove In navy-blue and brown, And finish with a touch of love May call a blessing down: When I shall take my knitting up and lay my penril down, -

—" Punch."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
£3OO LESS.

Guardians To Make Lower Call

On Ratepayers.

CROSS-TALK AT MEETING.

Although the estimates of expenditure for the Warrington Union for the half-year ending March next are £21,590 as against £20,962 for the corresponding period of last year, the ,Board of Guardians op Wednesday considered it was quite expedient to call upon the ratepayers for £17,590, a sum £3OO less than last year. At this time, said the Chairman (Mr. A. J. Jolley) it was extremely difficult to make really satisfactory. estimates owing to the fluctuation in the price of goods. They had decided to call for £3OO less, the balance they had in hand enabling them to do that.

The Rev. A. M. Mitchell said that the actual increased cost of the war budget was £628 more than last year, and that seemed a very large increase. He suggested that there might be a greater effort in the direction of economy. There were some small things which might be knocked out altogether or, at any rate, reduced. Take, for instance, deputation expenses, which amounted to £2O. He thought they ought to give up deputations during the war unless they paid their o*n bills. , Then as regards stationery there might be a reduction. The Clerk (Mr. A. Bottomley) pointed out that that had been reduced by a very large sum, much less than the price expended for 15 years past and, yet the price of material had gone up.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. A. M. MITCHELL'S ECONOMIES.

Mr. Mitchell,: I economise in every possible way by readdressing the same envelopes 1 receive.

Mr. George Mather: ,Do you use the same stamps? (Laughter.) Mr. Mitchell: Unfortunately, I cannot. Mr. Mather: But would you if you could?

Mr. Mitchell:, Certainly: and so would you. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) Continuing, he pointed out that "in-maintenance at the Work- house" last year cost .0,685, whereas now it was put at £5,000. He would like to know how that was made up, as to how much of theY in- crease was due to meat, beer, wines and spirits. Mr. W. J. Shaw (obviously impatient): This is an absolute waste of time, and it is absolute Tommy Rot. 'lf he wants anything of thfs sort remedyinglet him find some new clerks for th 3 office. The Chairman: Perhaps you will -exercise a little patience with Mr.-Mitchell, please. ,

Mr. Mitchell: We ought to have -a little more full information, and I appeal to the Clerk to satisfy ' Mr. Shaw: It's a farce.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
DIFFICULT TASK SATISFACTORILY DONE.

The Chairman pointea‘out that the estimates were prepared in the way they had always been for the past three years the " in-maintenance " expenditure having been fixed at £5,000. As yet it had never reached that sum, but .there had been a steady increase. Considering the advance in the price of food stuffs the amount' would have been very much. higher if the nulnbers in the Workhouse had nqt been de- creased. In conclusion, the Chairman paid a tribute to Mr. Bottomley far the way in which he had prepared ,the estimates. 4" It is a very difficult task," he added, "but Mr. Bottomley has always been within two per cent. of the actual expenditure, and that is highly satis- factory." (Hear, hear:) The estimates were then, approved.

Outdoor Work. Warden: "You'll have to work here but you cap select your own occ.upation." Convict: "Well, if it's all the same to you, I'd like to be an aviator."

•:••:* •:••:••:• 004. •:••:* •:* 0.;.• • • • • • • Children, Corner.? •

.7p _ 0 4. .:. • Conducted by UNCLE JACK. • .:. .8

* 0 4. * * 4. 0 * 4. * 4. 4. * 4. 0 .:: 4, * * * 4. 4 +

SUBJECTS FOR COM.POSITIONS..

• My Dear Children?— ' My invitation to you. to name the sub- jects you would like to write about rats, resulted in my getting quite a lot of ide.o-. I wus par- ticularly pleased with several, but the one which pleased me most was the one 'sent by

===== 0002601_19160909_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
753 Niece Fanny Osborne,.

who is 13 years of age, and attends. Evelyn - street School. She says, she would like' to write on The advantages of a good education;7 and I have much pleasure. in awarding her the prize—the second she has won. I have selected this subject from among so many because education is the most important thing to the people of any country, and especially to Eng- land, and it is right that young people should think seriously about it because they are the ones who are to be educated. When the war is over we shall have a big fight for the trade of the world, and we can't fight successfully in trade without knowledge. There are other advantages of education, but I want you to tell me about them in your own way. So this week we will have for competition an essay on The Advantages Of A Good Education.

What do you think? I have had a visit from Uncle Ned this week. Ile has been home on furlough, and looks remarkably well and happy. Most important of all lie,Nras much in- terested in the great list of nieces and nephews his Big Book now contains. In fact I think he wishes the war was all over so that he could come back to Warrington to manage his Corner once again.

Some- of you who have joined recently will scarcely know of Uncle Ned. He is the gentle- m'hn who helped to begin this Corner, and then became the manager of it. When the war called for more men Uncle Ned, like all other good uncles of ,military age, volunteered and away he went, leaving you all to the care of Your loving, UNCLE JACK.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SUGGESTIONS' FOR COMPETITIONS.

Niece Fanny Osborne, 31, Leicester-street (Evelyn-street School).—" The advantages of a good education." Nephew John Webb, 27, Catherine-street.— "My first day at the Front." Of course, I do not mean to say that the nieces should be sol- diers; they could imagine themselves to be-Red Cross nurses.

Niece Eunice Healey, 4, George-street.—" Dear food and its effects on poor people." Nephew T. Roberts (No. 069), 6, Portland- street (Silver-street School).—" Aeroplanes." Nephew Frank Overend, 74, Lythgoes-lane (Hamilton-street School).—" A town in France I would like to visit." •

Niece Lily Healy (No. 922), 85, Hoyle-street.— "Comforts that are needed most for our soldiers at the Front."

Nephew Edgar Lehrle, 194, Battersby-lfme (Beamont).—" How I would stop the war if I could."

Niece Lily Williamson, 53, Priestley-street.— "Patriotism."

Niece Elsie Johnson, 323, Lovely-lane (Wycliffe).—" A painting." Niece Bertha Ball, 41, Priestley-street.--" Duty to the Empire." Niece Edith Pugh, 17, Ship-street, Brecon.— "The British Empire over seas.."

Nephew Frank Edwards, 8, Monks-street.-- What we would like to be when we grow to be men and ,women." " \ Niece Margaret Byfield, 161, knutsford-road. —" A Wreck."

Niece Mabel Webb, 69, Oldham-street, Latch- ford (Bolton •Council School).—" Queen, Victoria the Good."

Niece Florence t Tickle, 8, Orford•avenue (Beamont).—" My Ambition."

Niece Edna Healey, 4, George-street (Wycliffe Council School).—" Our Wounded Soldiers."

Niece Mary Holbrook, 10, Orford-avenue.-- " navy Day."

Nephewi Joseph Perry, 83, Troyle-street (Heathside School).—" Our Latest Ally." Niece Emily Marshall, 183,-.Winwick-road. A blogrephy, "My life as a Pair of old shoes." Nephew Ernest William Sankey, 99, Kimber- ley-street (St. Barnabas' School).—"Holidays in War-time."

Niece 'Lily McLachlan (903), 3, Ash-grove, Latchford (Bolton Council School).—" My Life a'Lady Farmer."

Niece Maud Lunny, 108 a, 'Bridge-street (Arpley-street).—" A mountain scene."

NEW MEMBERS. . 1102 Dorothy Lowery, 39, Liecester-street; age 13; Evelyn-street School.

"NO SUCH LUCK." "83, Hoyle-street, Warrington. "Dear Uncle Jack,—l thank you very much for the prize you sent me.' I was so surprised

===== 0002601_19160909_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
a teriA

THfprospective Mother will find everything for herself and baby—Layettes. CotS. etc.. SKIRTS. GOWNS. CORSETS (Fonlay's Patentso G. L. FINLAY a SONS La. write or ean. 10 to 14. Houldsworth Street (top of Oldham St..) Maschester: Phone IITS env

===== 0002601_19160909_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
_ I a I 1 I . I I i .

' . • INGTON . (Regd. Trade Mark.) • COFFEE MSENCIE The Co/Tee Maid, of Symington's, says: "MY way of making delicious coffee is the Symington way. A teaspoonful in a cup of boiling water, and A there you are." MOS. SY.IIINGTOAT & CO., Effinbutth snd Loam

KILL THAT INSECT, TOMMY. Bend your pals "out yonder" some tie of HARRISON'S NURSERY ;POMADE. —they'll be yell, acceptable. When you haven't time there'. ITARRfaradcglllll)3 KIILFI EVEBRY INSECT on hair and body. Invist on having HARRISON'S POMADE. "Tine of Comfort," at did. and 9d. Sold by all Chemists— or by post from HARRISON. Chemist. Reading.

S

i i ;,;.- i, :' ~ ~, : g.•.' i, i. :4,..

.;} 1‘

, . ..... d ,I. I ' - • .7"..-11.! r:l__-.5 Irgb -7-1,-,1 wir. ~-..1.7,-.: 1 P ....,\T lk IN ______,

, . 1

; F 4 ?'

. ! ,k

p, :,, -4 . '

-. , :

;

I

1

BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, DEATHS.

- VIINERALS BY J. 31013NFIELD & SONS. The Best in all Grades. Office: 15, Church street. Tel. 99.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
/

/

/

/

/

/

/

/

// //

.

( .1#1,0,1".• I Alf /

===== 0002601_19160909_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
. / , , /

,1'

/

/

/

/

/

/

/

/

1

/

/

/

===== 0002601_19160909_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_19160909_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
;1 PI

1 0.

Ii

.4 \ , N t 4 , 1 1 i 1 s

I '

i U ~ -, -.44 i', ,71411 i, . 1

t

11

===== 0002601_19160909_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
.. ',.;`...;.f'.''.:,..-. -r--:' ''';l.:lT,' ";. :' ~ . . _ ..,.,„:4;;;:..:',i..u- • , ; ;_...,,;1-..; ::.. ,i,.'." .._„. ...,,,,,,„

THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1916.

LABOUR AND CAPITAL AFTER THE WAR.

At the Trades Union Congress this week at Birmingham two points full a satisfaction in respect Of the present and full of promise as to the future stood .out very prominently. The first is that the working men of this country have "cut " the. German Socialists— that is the working men of GermanST—till that class . has cut the KAISER and all his doings. The Parliamentary Committee of the Congress recommended the gathering to accept an invi- tation from the American Federation of Labqur to take part in an International Labour •Con—gress, simultaneously with the conference of belligerents which will settle the terms of peace, and they rejectO The pro- posal by a Majority of .two to one. This vote iof the delegates did not mean that they thought that Labour is not entitled to express its views on the terms of settlement. But they repudiated the suggestion of 'parleying, even at the latest stage of the war, with the Socialists of Germany and her Allies. Mr. G. H. ROBERTS, M.P., embodied the prevailing sentiment .in his declaration that " British workers would not sanction any negotiations with the German Social Democrats or their Government until the German democracy had purged itself of Kaiserdom and all that it stood for." The Congress did not commit themselves for the future one way or another; they simply stated briefly, but emphatically, that the workers of this country will have nothing to do with the workers of Germany until Belgium and France have been cleared

of their other and 'guilt-stained "comrades."

The other subject which is matter for con- gratulation is that the workers see that Labour conditions will alter after the war, and that arrangements will have to be niade in keeping with the new conditions if we are to triumph in that industrial struggle which is to fodow the struggle in arms. The em- ployers also see this, and the LORD MAYOR of BIRMINGHAM (Mr. NEVILLE CHAMBERLAIN), who is a good representative of the class and welcomed the Congress to the great Midlind city, indicated most clearly that Masters and men may, if they like, be brought into closer touch and harmony, to their inutual benefit and the lasting good of tho ,country. After the frightful waste of the war we shall have to produce more, and the way in which we have produced more, while we have spared five or six millions of men for fighting pur- poses, Droves that we have great reserves of strength that have previously been running to waste. Certainly we do not desire to be kept at the present straining point perpetually; but with improved methods of organisation and the adoption of iiiodern machinery there is no reason why this 'country, should not in- crease its output, and therefore its wealth, enormously. There should be no limitation of output; and, of course, on the -Othest. hand, there should eno cutting down of wages or privileges. The• Conference leaders and Mr. CHAMBERLAIN were at one on these points. Both agreed that tile men and masters should work more in co-oPeration Mr. CHAMBERLAIN going so far as to say that the men's leaders should be allowed "to see a little more of the gam v " of trade " from the inside." He foreshadowed a number of.demands which the workers, " who now foimed the bulk of the Army,' would reasonably make after the war. They were : (1) A wage which would give them a ' reasonable margin over the cost ot living;

(2) Regularity of employment; (3) Improved conditions in factories and homes, so that the workers could preserve their health and spirits and. bring up their chirdren in cheerful and healthy surroundings. On the other hand, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, said, employers would 'want : (1) Production kept up to the highest • point of efficiency in return for shorter hours and better wages; .(2) Reasonable notice of demands for changes of wages; (3) Security that labour would not be unreasonably withdrawn.

There will be plenty to do in the days that are coming, and we shall have to do it to meet the wastage that has been occasioned, and to meet the burden of taxation that is being forced upon us. Conunon-sense dictates that we should bend our efforts to the task of dis- covering the most profitable way in which we can get the work done; not in adding to the waste by either side, or both, disputing about privileges or rights that, properly approached, could be readily adjusted. The spirit of reasonableness whial pervaded. the Congress is certainly a good omen.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSSIP.

Some Wounded German prisoners were con- veyed through Warrington in motor cars on Sunday morning.

On Liverpool-road a• woman threw two packets of cigarettes-into the car as it passed by. A man who saw her said, "Don't you know they are Germans?" "Well, thy are some mothers' lads for all that," she replied.

After visiting Raddon Court Hospital on Wed- nesday afternoon, her Grace Katharine Duchess of Westminster crossed the road to The HoHies and took tea with Mrs. Broa,dbent and family, who are devoted to Red Cross work.

&The Duchess then left by motor car for Bank 7uay Station, returning by rail to her home, Cambermere Abbey, near Nantwich.

The company producing "Knick-Knacks" at the Royal Court Theatre had an exhauStinf; time at the beginning of this week.,

Due to arrive in Warrington at 3 o'clock on Monday morning from a North-Eastern town, they were held up on the way by the Zeppelin raid, and their train .steamed into, our station at 7.30. •

Most 6f them were unable to get any sleep before the matinee began and then had to give two shows later in the day under the same conditions.

, As they performed they displayed the normal vigour- and vivacity, but they were thankful when their task was o'er and could take to their beds for .sorrie more beauty sleep.

Although the Rev. H. T. Dixon left Perketh only on the 31st August, the " W(,sleyan Methodist Magazine" fo Septemir.i has twc lines struck across his name on the cover and his successor's name, the Rev. F.; Hudson, printed underneath. The name of the Rev. Joseph' Howard, who died: several months ago, however, still stands Apmolested.

Why was no reference made at the Town Council meeting to the late Mr. Henry Isherwood, the well-known journalist, Who, on Tuesday, through death, missed his first meet- ing for probably thirty years?

Those, at any rate, who were helped to their seats by his journalistic advocacy /night have ventured for him an epitaph when he had in- scribed for them a prologue.

Councillor Wilson says those people who bump into unlighted lamps at night have grounds for action against the Corporation,:

I think the Councillor is wrong. The lamps go unlighted by order of the Defence of the Realm Act, and the people know the lamp- posts are the-re. ,

We have to risk one or two noses that the town may escape. Still, the Corp Oration might make our way home in the (lark ,as little dan- gerous as possible.

Few people will disagree with Councillor WU- son's suggestion that lamp-posts should be painted white so that we shall be able-to detect their gaunt .forms in our darkeneci streets. Bumping into an iron pillar is no joke.

And while the Gas Committee are engaged in painting the lamp-posts, :the Paving Committee might whiten the edges of our. footpaths: Those who get shaken by an unexpected descent into the gutter will mit be inclined-to whitewash the Committee when in need.

If I had my choice I would prefer knocking my head against a• lamp-post I did:not know was there, than "ricking" my back by stepping on to a footpath which is not there, while I thought it was. Perhaps I am stronger-headed "than backed.

VIGILANT.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEROIC STRAIN.

Sir Arthur Crosfield's Notable Poetic Achievement.

A Pilgrimage of the Empire. By Sir Arthur Crosfield, Bart. London: Eyre and Spottis-

woode. is. and 2s. 6d. net

The author, says the "Liverpool Daily Post," having made a tour of the British Empire(has given us his impressions in poetic form, and one cannot but express surprise at the success which he achieves. The Spenserian stanza is a form of gua difficulty which even experienf.:ed poets hesitate to use, for, as Shelley remaiked, one either magnificently succeeds or dismally fails; there is no• third course. The Spenserian form demands a large-- vocabulary and a great reserve of emotional force, and Sir Arthur Crosfield, although lie falls heavily now and again, has achieved a flight with such ease and .success that we doubt whether there is any, con- temporary who could sifrpass him within the limitations of the stanzaic form. It is a poem full of national fervour, and at times soars on the wings of the Muse;" the poet's review of history has breadth as well as spirit.

Grim seer of ancient Egypt! Thou best seen These mighty empires which have passed away. Wilt not thou here bear witness all have been Controlled by force, beneath despotic sway Subdued? Yes, in this long and sad array Of empires all subverted—effort spent And wasted—there is still but one that may Claim that in polity and government Slavery hath been abjured and help to freedom lent. ,

Must this too pass—may we not hand it down, Each generation cherishing 'the pan, And striving for the future and renown And honour through its territories vast? Great principles of liberty held fast, And qualified by' prudence and the sense Of wide responsibility, shall las. ThroUghout the ages while deep referen,- For justice fills our hearts with loyalty intenie.

There is nothing lame in those lines, and they are, often equalled, and the poem marches on to a stately ending.

Shoulder to shoulder through the shades of night, Together they ,have fought, but earliest dawn Now glimmers in the East with fairy light And heralds golden glory of the morn When Peace on Earth shall yet again De born. Then shall our warriors in their xosts return, With glory of achievement to adorn Their triumph, from all kith and kin to earn The gratitude, and pride with which all hearts shall burn.

The entire profits from the sale of the book will l given to Sir Arthur Pearson's fund for tkiose blinded in the war. Sir Arthur Crosfield has accomplished his task successfully, and the fruits of it could not be devoted to a better cause.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
A Short Rule For Thrift.

A Yorkshire maxim mentioned to me by the late Lord Crimthorpe may be a more practical guide to thrift than much of the curl-ent exhortation. He said: "You don't understand thrift in the south. I believe you .have maxim which may be good enough for you: 'Don't buy things when you don't want them, but wait till you do.' But we have a much better one in the north: 'Don't buy things when you do want titem, but wait till you don't.' "—Dean Wace.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
When Her Heart Failed Her.

As a' hospital nurse sat on a railway platform waiting Thr her train, a portly country dame waddled towards her. With a heavy sigh of relief she sank down on the seat and disposed of her parcels' and umbrella. Then she started chatting. " Ah," she said, eyeing the nurse's uniform admiringly, "I don't know what we'd do wi'out the likes o' you." ' "Oh, now, you're too kind," protested the nurse, with a smile. "I'm quite sure you' do things its worthy every day." "Not me, miss," replied the old lady mourn- fully. "I can kill a duck or fowl wi'-the best, that I'll admit, but when it comes•to 'uman beings my 'eart fails Me."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1916.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED ENEMY GOODS, I PERMANENTLY CRIPPLED! GIFT OF AMBULANCE.

A Warrington Dealer's Heavy Loss Through Confiscation.

THE ONUS OF PROOF.

A case of far-reaching importance to those who deal in goods of foreign origin was heard before the Stipendiary magistrate at the Grimsby Police Court, 'Friday last week, when William Furnival, general dealer, 53, Bewsey- street, Warrington, was summoned to show cause why five cases containing incandescent gas mantles, which were seized at Grimsby, should not be condemned as being of enemy origin. Mr. F. Dart appeared on behalf of the Customs and Excise Department, and. Mr. H. J. Westbrook (Messrs. Robert Davies and Co., Warrington) represented Mr. Furnival.

ASSUMED TO BE OF ENEMY ORIGIN. Mr. Dart at the outset explained that the case was not a criminal one, but the proceedings were taken under the, Customs (War Powers) Act; 1915, which gave the Customs Commissioners power to seize any goods imported into the United Kingdom which they Shad reason,to sus- pect were of enemy origin. All he (Mr. Dart) had to do was to prove the seizure, and it was for his friend (Mr. Westbrook) to prove, as re- quired by the Act, that the goods were not of enemy origin. These mantles were landed at 'Grimsby last December from a Rotterdam steamer. The consighors were the South Hol- land Mantle Co., and the consignee Mi. Furni- val. The mantles were seen by Mr. Stoddart, an'officer of Ctstoms, and samples were vnt to Londoil. The Foreign Trade Department in London found that the mantles were sewn with a machine which the South Holland Company did not possess, and accordingly Maintained that the goods were of enemy origin. He did not at all question- the bona-fides of Mr. Furnival, but if it were merely suspected that the goods were of enemy origin they must be forfeited, unless neutral origin were Proved. He recognised that his friend had a difficult task to perform. '

===== 0002601_19160909_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. WESTBROOK CANNOT PROVE A NEGATIVE.,

Mr. Westbrook said it would be seen that he Was required by the Statute practically to prove a negative, a task which even-the great Euclid. did not attempt, though he showed that several conclusions were absurd. He (Mr. Westbrook) might be able to show an absurdity in this case. The • authorities in one of .their letters stated that the mantles had been examined and were found to be. sewn by a machine which they alleged these mantle makers iii Rotterdam did riot possess..., On this the authorities concluded that nd such machine was possessed by anyone in Holland, and therefore the sewing must have been done in an enemy country. He submitted this was rather absurd. As a Matter of fact, the consignors stated that they did possess such a machine, but, of course, their evidence would not be accepted. Although the amount which Furnival had paid was a considerable one, it was not sufficiently large to justify the en- gagement of expert witnesses or the bringing over of witnesses from Holland. He, therefore, relied, upon the certificate of origin which the British Consul at Rotterdam had given on the bill of lading, ,and on the faith of which Mr. Furnival had parted with his money. That cer- tificate clearly stated that the Consul had been satisfied by evidence, documentaity and. other- wise, that these goods were fit for importation into England—in Other words, that they were not of enemy origin. .If the certificate were of any value at all it ought to be sufficient to pro- tect'an English trader who, as Mr. Furnival'had done, had bona fide' dealt in goods of this sort. Mr. Furnival had taken all reasonable steps and precautions to satisfy the requirements of the law. If these mantles Were forfeited the disease which _the Act sought to remedy would not be remedied because the money had already reached its destination and could not be re- covered.. Consequently the British subject would be punished and the enemy 'trader (if there were one in this case): would go scot free. He (Mr. Westbrook) relied upon the Consul's certificate as sufficient evidence in Mr. Furni- val's favour. The Dutch firm who sad to Mr. Furnival were not put on the "black list" until February; ).916; so that Mr. Furnival, who bought the goods in November last, could not be aware that he was dealing with a suspected firm of traders. , - -

Mr. Furnival deposed that he ordered the mantles from a Mr. Stein, of Manchester, with whom he had had dealings for twenty years and whom he believed to be a straightforward man.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT PROVED THAT GOODS WERE NOT OF ENEMY ORIGIN.

The Stipendiary said the goods must be for- feited, as Mr. Furnival had not proved they were not of enemy origin. It had been within Mr. Furnival's power to produce witnesses from Holland to prove that the goods were made in Holland, but he had not done so. He re- gretted he had paid for the goods, but that had nothing to do with the point at issue. He sympathised with Mr. Furnival and hoped that in some way or another he might recover his money. Mr. Dart then appried for costs, especially of the expert witnesses he had brought down. Mr. Westbrook strongly opposed this, , saying the authorities had sufficiently punished his client by seizing his goods. Moreover, the ex- pert witnesses had not been called.' The Stipendiary said he would not grant costs against Mr. Furnival.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
PEARSON & KNOWLES.

The Dividend And Bonus To Be

Paid This Year.

. The directors of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., have decided to re- coipmend the payment of the usual half-year's dividend at the rate of six per cent. per annum on both the preference and -second preference shares, and a dividend of 6s. 6d. per share on the ordinary shares, making 10 per cent. for the year, all less tax. They also recommend a bonus on the ordin- ary shares of ss. per share, free of Income Tax. In consequence of the amount of excess pro- fits and munitions duty not having been settled, the directors are deferring recommen- dations to reserve fund, and the meeting at the end of the month will be held proforma only, and adjourned until the accounts are finally settled and submitted to the share- holders.

Pearson and Knowles' Good Year.

The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company,' says the " Mauchester Guardian," has apparently had one of the best years in its history, for the ordinary dividend recom- mended, including the 5 per cent. bonus, will make 15 per cent. for the year, as against 71 per cent. for 1914-15, 5 per cent. for 1913-14, 8 per cent. for 1912-13, and rates ranging from 31 to 111 per cent. for eight preceding years. The company ' did well in -1914-15, the profit shown being .2122,359, which compared, with £98,812 in 1913-1, .1118,870 in 1912-13, sums ranging from .£61,890 to £70,978 in three pre- ceding years, and £116,010 in 1907-8, when the 11i per cent. distribution was made. Last year, it may be remembered, the reserve was increased by £47,500, making) it £450,000, as against an ordinary share capital of £610,000. The sum to be put,to the fund this year cannot he fixed at Present, as the amount payable •in l taxes has not yet been settled, and the com- plete accounts cannot be Submitted to the share- holder s until later. It is. evidently contem- plated, however, that there will be something for the reserve after the Government's claims have been met. The directors are thus con- tinuing the policy of strengthening their finances, which must haye been a great help to them in increasing the profits. In the last three years alone they .have put 117,500 to -the' reserve, and they have been fortunate in their holding of the 250,000 ordinary shares of the Partington Steel and Iron Company, which came into the field at an opportune moment and was able to pay 10 per cent. for 1914-15.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Workhouse Charge Nurses' Salaries

Advanced.

The Board of Guardians, on Wednesday, agreed to advance the -commencing salaries of their charge nurses from ISO to £l5 per annum and their yearly increases of ctl to go on until a maximum of £4O is reached.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Duchess Assists At Effort To

Lighten Their Burden.

APPLETON HALL FETE.

Her Grace, Katharine, Duchess of West- minster, declared a garden fete open in the beautiful grounds of Appleton Hall on Thurs- day afternoon, the object being to aid Lord Roberts's Memorial Fund fc,r Disabled Soldio.rs' Workshops. Heaven has smiled literally upon every local effort recently made on behalf of our wounded soldiers, and Thursday afternoon was no exception. Mrs. Lyon, who organised the fete with the untiring help of Mr. H. Beresford Melville, hon. secretary and treasurer, must have been delighted with the appearance of her chanting lawn, spread with tents in which eager helpers were busy all the afternoon. The at- tendance was most encouraging, and amongst the company we noticed t n addition to many 'others actively engaged in the fete: .Colonel Lyon, Lieutenant Francis C. Lyon (Grenadier Guards), Lady Harmood Banner, Mrs. J. Charl- ton Parr, Mrs. Rylands (Thelwall), Mrs. Broad- bent and the Misses Broadbent, Mrs. Brereton Fairclough, the Rev. Canon and Mrs. Willis, the Rev. the Hon. C. F. Cross, the Rev. H. V. Pigot, the Rev. J. Collins, the Rev. 11. G. Thompson, the Mayor of Warrington (Alderman Peter Peacock), Messrs. Hy. Greenall, L. G. Davies, Jos. Harrison.

Tea tables were laid in, the open, and tea under such circumstances was very enjoyable. It was difficult to find a vacant chair. Concerts were given in a large marquee by willin3 helpers—Mrs. W. B. Robeits's- orchestral band played selections under her direction—and dancing was permitted on the velvet croquet ground. The sylvan surroundings added new attraction to the gipsy fortune tellers, and various outdoor amusements were . well patronised. Potato and egg races for ladies occasioned a great deal of merriment. The various tents were in charge of the following ladies :--

Produce Tent.—Mrs. R. Tickle, Mrs. T. Ditch- field, Mrs. J. Whitlow, and other ladies. Tea Tent.—Mrs. Armitage (Walton Lea), Mrs. H. Beresford Melville, Mrs. Segar Owen, Mrs. J. J. Whitley, and others. ' Flower Tent. —Lady Harmood• Banner, Mrs. Henry Greenall, Mrs.. Frank Cooper, Mrs. Percy Mortimer. and others. Cake Pent.—Mrs. Bower, and others.,

Basket Stall.—Mr. Leslie Melville. The amusements were conducted under the superintendence of Lieutenant Frank Lyon. • Mr. McConnell, tent-roz‘ker, of Warrington, lent the tents at a special price ,quoted on account of the war. ,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN'S DESIRE TO WORK.

Mrs. Lyon, in explaining the object of the fete, said that some few weeks ago an earnest appeal reached her from the headquarters of the Lord Roberts's Memorial Fund for Disabled Soldiers' and Sailors' Workshops-100,000 was needed at once to extend workshops for dis- abled soldiers and sailors. Disabled men ,dis- charged from the Army up to .Deceinber, 1915, numbered 32,000. This number was daily on the increase, and, of course, must be much greater now. These men received a Government pen- sion, it Was true, but to those who had given U p well-paid posts at home to fight for their country this pension was quite inadequate. Moreover, no pension could compensate any man for the loss. of his activity. It was difficult for those who were able-bodied people to realise the tragedy .of being permanently crippled. From the beginning men were born to work, and though in these days' women were compelled to take their places, and certainly had done their part, the natural order of things could never entirely be reversed. A desire to work must and should always be a normal and 'healthy attribute of manhood. Consider, then, from a man's point of view, how terrible must be the prospect of a long life of uselessness. Thousands' of men were facing this to-day who had come forward to their country's need. To help to fipa them tseful 'work and occupation which would give them a sense of independence and self-respect was surely the least they could do. The scheme to provide these workshops was started., on the close of the South African War. They were described as light, airy factories, specially equipped with machinesjidapted to the use of the maimed. Some cOuld be work' x 1 by one- armed men, others were for legless men, and others for less partially paralysed. These workshops, , when once started, pay their own way and ever ensure permanent employment. Needless to say, in these days- of shortage of men, tha value of this work when well organ- ised cannot be over-estimated, particularly when we take into consideration that many cheap articles made in Germany in former days can now be thus supplied. She sincerely hoped that they would make a sufficient sum to con- tribute well towards these many needs. The Lord Roberts's Memorial Fund for Disabled Soldiers' and Sailors' Workshops was incorpor- ated with the Soldiers' and Sailors' Aid Society, of which Katharine Duchess of Westminster was president for Cheshire. She felt sure they would join is expressing to her Grace the great please it was 'to see .her amongst them that day. They fully appreciated her kindness in coming to open the fete, and were also very grateful for the interest she took in their branch of the Needlework Guild, of which her Grace was Lady President. She then asked the Duchess to open the fete.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
DUCHESS 'SAYS "NO CHARITY."

The Duehess of Westminster , said this great undertaking must appeal closely to 'everyone. Their object was' to.help to provide their gallant soldiers with emplbyment so that they should not be an object for charity, and that they would be able to hold up their heads as high as they ever did. That was what the Lord Roberts's homes were built for. Her Grace •then referred to the Needlework Guild which was started man) ~,,ears ago, and the Daresbury Division had provided useful garments for the poor in many parts of Cheshire. It was hard to keep up the appeal perhaps as their sympathies were more inclined to help those who are fighting for us, and the hospitals needed subscriptions, and they could hardly hope to have the number of woikers for the Guild as great as formerly. But if it were abolished now it might be difficult to make people\ feel the same interest a ney had done in time past. Mrs. Lyon had also mentioned the prisoners of war. She did not think there was an appeal ever made that received so nateAL heartfelt help as that fund had done, and they probably -knew people in that division who had been kind enough to adopt prisoners of war. They heard how grateful the men were for these parcels which' were sent them. It was yery doubtful if only for these parcels many of them would not be able to 'return to this country. She had had very grateful letters from those to whom she had the privilege Gf sending parcels. ,It was'encouraging to know that the effort made to help our prisoners_ of war had not been lost, because she thought that in every• case the parcels had been receivEd, and one could only know by their messages how pinch they are appreciated.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
HER GRACE'S GOOD DEEDS.

Her Grace then declared the fete open, and hoped it would be, in every way successful. Rev. the Hon. C. F. Cross, vicar of Stretton, who proposed a vote of thanks to the Duchess of Westminster, did so in very graceful terms, -likening her many good deeds to the guided sheaves of corn. He mentioned the fact that on the previous day the, Duchess had been at Raddon Court, and on the morrow he would be at Chester, again doing good. (Applause.) Lady Harmood Banner seconded the vote, which was passed very heartily. Rev. H. G. Thompson, vicar of Appleton Thorn, proposed that thanks be given to Mrs. Lyon for throwing her grounds open for the pur- pose' of the fete and for her interest in work it was organised to support.

Miss Broadbent seconded. Mrs. Lyon -having acknowledged the corapli- ment, Colonel Lyon conveyed the appreciation of Mrs. Lyon to all the workers for the great assistance they had given, and this was accentuated by all present. This concluded the formal part of the open- ing ceremony, and the Duchess of Westminster was presented with a choice-bouquet of orchids by Miss Melville. "What beautiful firers!" said her Grace.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
NEARLY £l3O.

The gross proceeds ainounted to £127 16s. Bd., the whole of which goes to the fund, Colonel Lyon having undertaken to pay, all expenses.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Duchess On Warrington's

Kindness.

BUT MORE NEEDED.

Standing within a few yards Of a £4OO motor ambulance drawn up in the grounds of Raddon Court Hospital on Wednesday afternoon, her Grace Katharine Duchess of Westminster, on behalf of the Cheshire Branch of the British Red Cross Society, of which she is president, accepted it gratefully and graciously as a gift from the inhabitants of Warrington and dis- trict.

Interesting as the ceremony was in itself, by reason of the presence of several distinguished people, what it symbolised deepened its grandeur: the ambulance was a token of and memorial to our soldiers caught by the enemy's steel during acts of gallantry.

• Before her Grace- arrived with CAonel Sir Edward Cotton-Jodrell, county director of the 8.R.C.5., about sixty nurses were formed three or four deep on the lawn ready for inspection, about as many wounged soldiers sat on the grass, and twice as many of the general public found accommodation on forms. As her Grace drove up in Mr. W. Peter Rylands's motor car labelled "8.R.C.5.," the nurses and soldiers stood at attention, and civilian ladies closed their sunshades one after the other, so that those,behind &mild obtain a clearer view. The Duchess looked charming. Her erect and courtly figure was dressed in black, the V of th.a bodice being filled in with cream netting and ornamented with a diamond pendant. Through her black lace mantle, as tbe sun behind feint clouds, shimmered her white satin sash worked with a red cross and indicating her office of president. Miss Sylvia Broadbent, president of the Daresbury Division of the Societe, took the chair, and among those present were Mr. Bry.don, county secretary; Miss Margaret Broadbent (commandant at Raddon Court), Cplonel and Mrs. Lyon, Mrs. J. C. Parr, Mrs. Beresford Melville, Mrs. and Miss 'Constance Broadbent, Alderman Bennett and Mr. J. E. Birtles, in addition io the following township leaders: Mesdames Fox (Warrington), Segar Owen (Stockton Heath), IDakin (Latchford). Pigot (Grappenhol), Dar- wall (Walton) and Bower (Stretton). Miss Sylvia Broadbent made the presenta- tion, asking her Grace to be so kind as T,) accept the ambulance as a gift from the Dares- bury Division, the only request, approved by the County Director, being that after the war it should be retained in Warrington for civilian purposes, there being many large worl:s in the neighbourhood and accidents frequently occur- ring: The money for the ambnlarce had been collected by Mrs. Fox and herself, and they had ,the greatest pleasure in offering• the result et their labours to the B.R.C.S. in the hope that it would be of service to our brave soldiers. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19160909_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GIFT ACCEPTED.

Rising from a chair .and 'still holding' her black sunshade, to. protect her from the heat, the Duchess uttered very suitable words for„the occasion. She expressed her very great'pleasure in coming to Warrington to accept the new ambulance, which she heard. had already been put to the use far which it was intended. Ambulances were badly needed at this moinent, and she was very glad that Cheshire and that part of . Lancashire were not behind in their generosity. AmbulanCes were of great- assist- ance to the Red Cross tHospitals, which were doing such wonderful Iwork ,throUghout the country. She was glad to hear that in times o!! peace the ambulance would also be used for a good purpose: that -of taking those who were injured to the hospitals. She wished for the ambulance a successful career, and again ex- pressed her gratitude to the donors for ,having now given it to the Cheshire branch. (Ap- plause.)

===== 0002601_19160909_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXAMPLE TO WARRINGTON.

Colonel Sir Edward Cotton-Jodrell also ex- pressed his gratitude, as County Director, for the ambulance. One or two facts which he would present would show the nec(d they had for vehicles of that description. 'When the war started two years ago they had to provide a transport system all of a heap, so to speak. Directly the retreat from Mons began the wounded began to flow in, and it was a question of geting together transport to receive them in less than forty-eight hours. In Manchester, by dint of very hard work on the part of volun- tary helpers and also by the patriotic way private owners came forward, they were able in a very short time to get together an amount of transport which was just equal to demands. Since then things had moved very quickly and much development had taken place, with the result that in Manchester they had now about 229 ambulances, and between one and two hundred cars constantly at their disposal. In the last few weeks these had been practically alwiiys at work. In -other parts of the county they had now affiliated to the B.R.C.S. a trans- port section at Birkenhead which possessed about twenty ambulances and a large number of cars as well. In Chester, at one time, they were in very narrow straits indeed, but he was happy to say there had been a great improve- ment, and they had now six ambulances actually on the road in that district. The reason he was telling 'them these facts was that, while he was extremely grateful to those who had provided that one ambulance from.. this dis- trict, it was no use mincing matters, for, like Oliyer Twist, he wanted more—he wanted more froiq Warrington.,

The B.R.C.S. had not yet, got the full number of ambulances they would like. Some cars badly needed rest and repair, but could not be attended to because they were always needed for service. If Chester and Birkenhead could do so well, surely Warrington could also do better. He hoped that those who had not contributed to the provision of that motor ambulanee—and there were Many—would come forward and raise up some more ambulances, because they were badly needed. He was not asking them to do that in order to make a big record for the county—he did not want to be better than his neighbours—but the necessity was there and must be attended to, as they must never be at a loss for ouick and adeauate means of transfer- ring men from one place to another as long as the war lasted. (Applause.) In thanking the Daresbury Division he would like to couple with that the name /of Mr. J. E. Birtles, who had done so Much in the matter of motor transport of the wounded in this district, he being the local commandant. (Applause.) Colonel Lyon, who is over on 'leave, from France for a few days, hoped that that gather- ing would join in expressing their heartiest thanks to her Grace for being so good as to come and accept the ambulance. A larger view might be taken of her Grace's activity, for by her work she personified all- the work of the women of England, and, speaking in the name of the Army, he said they thoroughly appreciated it. They were particularly grateful for the labour of women on munitions and in the hospitals. Without them the Great Push would have been impossible. "(A pplause.) • WHAT SOLDIERS THINK OF US.

In seconding, Alderman Bennett expressed his regret for the absence of the Mayor, who was engaged on important business elsewhere. Since the war began there had been fifty-two convoys received in Warrington, and the treatment the men received in the hospitals in the district was fully appreciated. A few days ago in the shades of Carnarvon Castle he came across two soldiers who were convarescent. They had been at War- rington, and spoke of it in such golden terms that he was really embarrassed. Coming from London shortly afterwards he met another sol- dier who had been in hospital near 'Warrington, and he also spoke of •the kindness and benefit derived from his Stay in the neighbourhood. Some time ago, at the instance of the Mayoress, Warrington procured an ambulance which was doing good work in France, the Alderman added. Now they had given another for work in the Che,shire district, with the hope that, as the officials of the B.R.C.S. requested, they would be able to send another. It was impossible to do too much-for our soldiers, for they were doing their best for us. Speaking particularly in re- gard to the presence of the Duchess, the Alder- man said he should like to see her more often in Warrington. She not only typified the women of England during this war by her services, but the union of all classes.

In putting the motion to the vote, Miss Sylvia Broadbent said that they could show their practical appreciation at a later date by raising another ambulance or two. Many people

Continued in next column.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Lights.

We give below the tiles at which lights must be placed on vehicles and at which lights in houses, shops and other premises must be screened.

The times given are for to-morrow (Sunday) and next Saturday. The times shorten between these days about two minutes each day. • We give the first day and last day of the week, leaving our readers the- easy task of filling in the intermediate times:—

Light-up Vehicles. Sunday, September 10th, 8.11 p.m. Saturday, September 16th, 7.57 p.m. Obscure Lights. Sunday, September 10th, 9.11. Saturday, September 16th, 8.57.

For the Lifeboat Men.

Last night collectors on behalf of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution paraded the streets, and to-day they will continue their effort i in this worthy cause.'

===== 0002601_19160909_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Roteler Grammar School.

The new term in connection with the above school begins on Thursday. The head master will be at the school on Tuesday between the hours of 10.30 to' 12 and 3 to 5 to interview the parents of new boys.

Rev. H. Ogden to Reply to Rev. H. T.

Dixon.

At the Golborne-street Baptist Church to- morrow evening the Pastor (the Rev. H. Ogden) intends to reply to the pacifist sermon recently preached by the Rev. IL T. Dixon at Penketh. A conversation on the subject is to follow the service.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Autumnal Sermons at Hill Chile.

The autumnal sermons in connection with Hill Chile Baptist Church are to be held to-morrow, when'the preacher will be the Rev. J. J. Hargreaves, of Chester. The soloists will be Miss E. Capel (morning) and Mr. Levi Richardson (evening). Special anthems will be rendered by the choir, and collections will be taken on behalf of the Church funds.

British Women's Temperance Association.

The monthly meeting was held in the Bold- street Church Parlour„ and in the absence of the President (Mrs. Owen), one of the Vice- Presidents (Mrs. Moore) took the chair and gave a very helpful address. The meeting was fairly,,yiell attended.

Warrington Citizens' Temperance League. _ _

On Friday next the iial open-air meeting of the Warrington Citizens' Temperance League will be held in Bewsey-street, it being Good Templar Night. The meeting, which will commence at 7,30, is, to be presided over by Mr. Will Evans, of Liverpool, and the appointed speaker is Mr. Cocks, of Cho!.ley. •

===== 0002601_19160909_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Music in the Park.

The following programme sill be played by the Salvation Army Band in the. Park to- morrOw at 3.15 :—/tymn, "St. Ann"; march, "Soldiers of Christ" (Marshall); selection, "Songs of*Glory " (Slater); selection, "Follow- ing. the Lord" (Goldsmith); 'march, "Stock- holm" (Leidson); selection, "The Homeland" (Hawkes); "God Aave ',the .King." Conductor, Mr. James Lee_ ,

Our Day" at Stretton and Appleton. A most successful rummage sale was held on Saturday 4t Stretton Schools, when £72 17s. sd. was made in aid of "Our IN.ay.— Mrs. Bower, the township leader, was assisted by many friends. The ' sum includes donation of ED from Mr. and Mrs. H. Fairclough. In beautiful weather, the sale was opened by Mrs. Lyon, who, in some felicitous remarks, urged the visitors to make the effort a great success.

Rapid Successes in Shorthand. At a recent examination held under the auspices of the Phonetic Institute, Miss Florence Dawson and Miss Patty Wilding, students of the Warrington Commercial School, Knutsford-road, gained the Advanced Theory Certificate after only eleven weeks' tuition; and Miss Elsie Noneley gained the Elementary Theory Certificate at the end of eight weeks— shorthand being studied as one of the subjects of a course. There were no. failures at the examination.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Pauperisation of Mentally Afflicted Soldiers.

The Board of Guardians, on Wednesday, heartily supported a resolution from the 'Ply- mouth Board of Guardians protesting that soldiers who had ,been mentally afflicted by the war should not be classified as pauper lunatics. The. Chairman (Mr. A. J. Jones) said it was not from any sordid reasons that they sup- ported the resolution in order to reduce the local rates.—The Clerk (Mr. A. Bottomley) mentioned that since the war began three cases had passed through his hands.

Advantages of the School of Art. The prospectus of the Municipal School of Art, Museum-street, for the 1916-17 session has just been issued. It contains the fullest parti- culars regarding the various classes and the fees payable in respect to each subject or craft course, or for single subjects. The scope of training afforded to ambitious students covers as wide and useful an area as that offered by any other similar institution in the kingdom, while the number of distinctions offered for exceptional talent should incite many to ven- ture and win. The teaching staff, with Mr. Clarence Mawson, A.R.C.A. (Lond.) as head- master, are' experts in their different branches of study, and it only requires attention and assiduity, on the pupils' part to secure succesS., A course of instruction in drawing adapted to the needs of teachers in elementary schools has become almost imperative in modern methods of education. It may be availed of in the School of Art.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A.

_ There was a good meeting on Sunday, Pre- sided over by Mr. B. Farrar, who made refer- ence to that, the 43rd, anniversary of the present buildings of Wycliffe Church, with its pleasing and helpful memories. The .Chair- man welcomed two new Members. The Rev. T. T. James gave the address upon "Be strong." He said he hoped for an increase in their numbers and supported the call of the Chair- man for an increased effort in the future. As the physical and spiritual strength were linked together, he said, one depended upon the other, and their duty was to see to the bodily strength, strength of mind, soul and character. Physical conditions improved by close atten- tion; so spiritual Strength and character could be improved by a hearty co-operation with God's spirit. Mr. W. Warburton rendered "The Lord is my light" and "God shall wipe away all tears." Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. Mr. Beswiek also took part in the meeting. The hymn "Blessed assurance" brought a happy meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
GIFT OF AMBULANCE.—Continued.

had contributed, but there were others who could give who had not yet done so.' The vote was carried with acclamation, all the people clapping at first, one soldier, whose left arm was in a sling, beating his thigh with the other. Three cheers follower..

===== 0002601_19160909_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW WARD OPENED. ,

Miss Margaret Broadbent, the commandant at the hospital, then requested her Grace to open a new ward of six beds and a bathroom located on the top story, and, after inspecting the 'nurses and cdmversing with them, the Duchess complied. Just as she was about to enter the residence, however, she was halted by Private Gulliver, of the Durham Light In- fantry, who, on behalf of the soldiers, presented her with a handsome blue cushion cover, embroidered with the flags of England, Scot- land Wand Ireland, and tire rose, thistle and shamrock, the words over all being "United we stand."

On walking into the hospital the bedfast " Tommies " started singing airs in common tune, and rag-time, their cheerfulness visibly pleasing the distinguished visitor. As stated, the ambulance has not yet been fully paid for, but Mr. Charlton Parr has kindly promised to give the balance owing. It is hoped that Warrington will soon supply more vehicles worthy to rank with the one they have just presented.

Union Bank Chairmanship. Lord Rochdale has a,ccepted the deputy-chai.r- manship of the Union Bank of Manchester, in lieu of Sir Charles Behrens, who has resigned his seat upon the Board.

Borough Gymnasium Re-opens. The date of the reopening of the Borough Gymnasium is Monday next, when any particu- lars may be obtained from the Director of Exercises, Mr. A. Mottram.

Pound Day at Haddon Court Hospital. Next Thuisday, September 14th, will be Pound Day at Raddon Court Hospital. There will be a concert at 3 p.m. and tea will be served.

Girls Ahead Again. Of the 43 births in the borough last week, 26 were females, leaving only 17 males. During the corresponding week of last year 16 boys were born, and were only one behind the girls in number. -

===== 0002601_19160909_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Sankey-street Closed.

The Warrington Corporation give notice that the portion of Sankey-street between Market Gate and Cairo-street will be closed for vehicu- iar traffic on and after Monday next for the execution of repairs.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
The Church Room, Stockton Heath.

A preliminary notice appears in our columns stating that owing to the expiration of lease "all that building known as The Church Room, Stockton Heath," will be offered for sale by auction in the buildings, on Thursday, 21st September.

Inquest Follows Railway Tragedy. Knocked down and killed by a train' near Birkdale Station on Friday of last week, the body of 'Acting-Inspector Joynson, of Brookland- street, Padgate-lane, was the subject of an in- quest the following afternoon, and a verdict of Accidental death" wa§ returned.

Girl Burned To Death.

A verdict of "Accidental death " was re- turned at an inquest on Saturday regarding the body of Mary Agnes Hayes (13), of 13, Dial - street, who died in the Infirmary on Thursday of last week. The fire caught her dress as she was burning bits of cotton-wool. AVarringtoji Market Prices.

At Wednesday rs Warrington Market the price of old wheat ruled from 9s. to 9s. 3d. per 701)), new oats 4s. to 4s. 3d. per 451 b.; flour realised 475. 6d. to 525. 6d. Per 2401 b., 2s. 4d. to 2,5. 7d. per 201 b. being the price of thirds. Bran and other offals, is. sd. to is. Bd.; wheat straw, 70s. per ton.

Economy In Gas. This war has much to answer for. The Warrington Corporation Gas Department an- nounce that at the urgent request of the Govern- ment the Gas Committee have consented to extract more spirit from the gas, and as a re- sult they advise consumers to economise bY replacing all flat "flame burners by incandescent lights.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Cheshire Teachers Ask for War Bonus.

The elementary ‘school teachers employed in the Runcorn Rural District held a meeting at Frodsham last Saturday, /when it was decided to ask the Cheshire County Education Authority to grant a war bonus according to a scale`approved at that taeeting. It was pointed out that the present purchasing value of £1 was about 12s. 6d., and that such depreciation rendered the present scale of salaries quite inadequte.

Lord Kitchener's Letter to the Nation- \ Those'desirous of seeing the actual autograph letter of Lord Kitchener to the nation and Herkomer's fine portrait ,of the great war leader should visit the Town Hall to-day, when both will be on view. The exhibition will be opened at 11 a.m. by His Worship the Mayor, ana prices of admission are very low. Proceeds 1-11 aid of County Branch British Red Cross Society and Headquarters of the Joint War' Committee. Taxi Collides With Tramcar.

While a taxi-cab behinging to the Patten Arins Hotel, Warrington, was being driven along Liverpool-road, Sankey Bridges, at about 9.55 on Saturday night, it collided with a stationary' tramcar, which, owing to an electric fuse trouble, was not illuminated. The driver of the taxi-cab, Samuel Fidler, residing at 35, HoYle- street, Bewsey, sustained injuries to the stomach and was removed to the Infirmary, from which institution he was discharged on Wednes- day morning. The passenger, who was being driven to Farnworth, escaped unhurt.

Serious Accident to Mr. C. 11. Hibbert. While proceeding hothe for dinner on his bicycle on Thursday, Mr. Charles H. Hibbert, manager of the Weaving Department of Cock" hedge Mills, met with a serious accident. had just passed the foot of Orford-street, who; he came in contact with a motor lorry, aria falling to the ground, his right arm was badlY crushed. He proceeded to Dr. Fox's nursing home in Rylands-street, where it was fauna necessary to amputate the limb. He is novr making satisfactory progress. To Mr. Hibbert, who is well-known in the town and district,. much sympathy will be extended. - Leather Famine. The commandeering by the Government oi practically all the sole leather that is being produced will have far-reaching effects so far ao the general Sublic is concerned, says the War- rington correspondent of the "Leather Trades Review," and, incidentally, it is one of those things which brings the question of the vrar more forcibly into view. ' Although food commodities and such-like have advanced in prices from time to time they have been more or less procurable, but when people find that they cannot get new footweark and repairs done as formerly (and under Pre- sent conditions it would not take long to bring about a famine in boots and shoes), the position is brought home very keenly. There are most things in which people can economise, but with leather being an absolute daily necessity verY little can be done in this respect, and when the matter is looked at from all sides it is to be hoped that it will not be allowed to go to extremes.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Churchmen.

On Saturday there took place at Widnes the quarterly meeting of the Warrington and pis; triet Federation of the Church of Englan' Men's Society. The whole of the nine branches comprised within the Federation were represented. The attendance vra.9 not so good as usual, only twenty-el members being present. It was explained the a number of the ,delegates were away on boll: day. The preliminary proceedings consisted et a service in St. Ambrose Church, Halton Aril: Widnes, when an address was given by tn.' Vicar (the Rev. W. R. Johnson). Tea was vided in the Victoria Hall by the ladies of Girls' Friendly Society connected with Ambrose Church. This part of the proceedl9gs called for a hearty vote of thanks to the lncli,l for their kindness. The main part of the 'OW. ness of, the day was then proceeded with. Opening address was given by the Chairmen' Mr. J. V. Partington. The que,stion of Or forthcoming National Mission was dealt svit4 as it is felt it will open out a field of work In, all the people who are anxious for the count 5 good. The Rev. S. G. Stanton, of the Parieli Church, Warrington, invited the Federation tn_ hold their next meeting in December at tli! Parish Church, Warrington, and the offer wn' 'accepted.

1".'.11'....

The Child Went to Bed. "Dad, what is a roost?" asked Charlie. "A roost, my son, is a pole on which chicken 9 it at night." ; "And what's a perch, dad?" "A perch is what chickens ,perch on." Then I suppose, dad, a chicken could roost on a perch?" "Of course." "And they could perch on a roost?" "Why, y-yes," said dad. h t "But if chickens perched on a roost, tu'a, would make the roost a perch, wouldn.'t But, if just after some..ehickens had Perch% on a roost and made it a perch, some naoru chickens came along and roosted on the Pere, and made it a roost, then the roost would berae perch and the perch would be a roost, and s° rs d the othe of the chickens would be perchers an_t would be roosters, and Mother, Pu this child to bed at once."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FALLEN AND MISSING HEROES.

Further Losses Among Local Men in Various Regiments.

KILLED.

SERGEANT G. ACTON.

Man With Seven Years' Service Killed Instantly.

Through the medium of a letter from fellow soldier, •Mr. and Mrs. J. Acton, 51a, Pierpoint-street, learned that their son, Sergt. George Acton, of the South Lancs. Regiment, had been killed on the 28th August. The letter, dated August 29th, ran as follows:—" Your dear son George was, unfortunately, killed by a German shell yesterday. He was killed in- stantly, so, of course, the poor boy did not sutler. Re died fighting like the good soldier he always was, he was a hero. If it is any consolation to You, you may rest assured he was beloved by all who knew him, and was held in high esteem by Officers anal men of his company. May God help You to bear the terrible loss of one who died for his country and the cause of freedom. Please accept the deepest sympathy of all the and men of the hattlion who knew George, also of one who has lost a true aud brave friend."

° Sergeant Acton, who was 23 years of age, had been in the Army seven years and at the Frpnt from the beginning of the war, coming throtigh unscathed. As a boy he attended Heathside School, and for a-time was employed at the Latchford Tube Works. A keen footballer and

Killed

boxer, he took part in several of. the boxing contests at Orford Barracks while 'stationed there. He played football for his regiment in France, and had only been out of hospital a fortnight—after recovering from a kick in the stomach received when playing football—when he was killed.

1 ..• . --, . 111 • , . "

SERGEANT GEORGE ACTON

===== 0002601_19160909_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLEMAN JOSEPH OAKES.

Death Announcement After Twelve Months' Suspense.

Mr. and Mrs. W. Oakes, 136; linutsford-road, have received an official notification from the War Office of the death of their son, Rifleman Joseph Oakes, of the Rifle Brigade, who has been missing for twelve months. Rifleman Oakes enlisted on September Ist, 1914, sand was diafted out to France in Janu- ary, 1915. He was 32 years of age, and formerly Worked for \the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter CO. at their Grappenhall Works. He was edu- cated at St. James' School, also attending St. James' Church. His favourite athletic diver- 6ion was football, he having played for the Warrington "A" team, and the Cadishead and Irlam team. He also took an interest in run- ning. A biother, Corporal Arthur Oakes,

Killed

ing's Own Royal Lancasters, is serving, as is his brother-In-law, Corporal William "ebb, of the Lancashire Hussars.

• „ . -""- , • • • " • • • 4111:4.3 V • ; ' • " . • • .' • r....

RIFLEMAN JOS. OAKES.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE LANCE-CORPORAL

SMALLEY'S VALOUR.

eq the Worth of • Lance-Corporal Charles `3olalley, son of Mr: and Mrs. Smalley, of Ham- whose death in action we recorded a l°l:thight ago, the following letter from kis cap- testifies : "Your son-was in char of' or one of Lewis guns, and went over the parapet on ,Loo Ist. July. Just after he got through our wire he was wounded in the head. He handed °vr his gun and continued 'with the gnu crew to direct its operaticins. This party went about 15° Yards and was badly knocked. Feeling the fects of his vounds, Lance-Corporal Smalley ;4'llB obliged to rest in a shell hole in No Man's '4ohd. The enemy's shell fire at this place was !',(l terrible that there is no doubt Lance-Corporal' alley perished with many more of his cora- "es. • . . He was a smart young soldier, ;elected for his calmness and steadiness under to command a Lewis gun crew of six men. hough wounded in the early part 'of the att"k , , he went forward until his strength His relatives have lost one who was Ilear and dear to them; we have lost a very fine 3"°llng soldier."

The Helping Hand. erg. F. A. Frost asks us to say that she and e Patients under her charge at Thelwall Heys are raost grateful to Mr. Jackson, the manager, the sixteen artistes from the PPodrome who visited the hospital "eO4 Thursday and besides giving a capital w•ltleert pn the lawn, provided the patients h cigarettes. Mrs. Lightburn, of the Star isillerna, provided "means of transport," and also sincerely thanked.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •

===== 0002601_19160909_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
DIED OF WOUNDS.

RIFLEMAN J. PARSONAGE.

Lay For Twelve Hours With

Wounded Officer.

Rifleman James Parsonage, a member of the Rifle Brigade, and son of Mr. and Mrs. James Parsonage, 4, Beatrice-street, Latchford, has died of wounds received on August 17tn. The following letter, written to Mrs. Parsonage by a hospital nurse, says :—" He has been very seriously wounded and has lost his right leg. We are doing all we can for him,, and he is having every care and attention. I will write and let you know 'his condition. lam sorry to have to write this bad news, and hope it will net come as ki terrible shock." But the nurse's hopes proved in vain, for by the next post his parents received the fatal news that their son had succumbed to his wounds. Rifleman Parsonage had been wounded and gassed in France before receiving his mortal wounds. When -wounded the first time he lay for twelve hours with a wounded officer, whom, although he told Rifleman Parsonage to leave him, he eventually dragged into safety. Un- fortunately, the officer died of his wounds. James was gassed after returning to the Front in' March of this year. Previous to joining the Army, Rifleman

RIFLEMAN JAMES PARSONAGE.

Died of Wounds,

Parsonage was employed by the St. Helens Cable and Rubber Co., Ltd., attended Christ Church, Latchford, and was an old boy of the Christ Church School. He was very fond ,of football, playing for the Latchford Recreation Football Club, and well-known in the district. He was 26 years of age.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERNED TWO YEARS.

Mr. Geo. Monks As A Cricketer

in Germany.

Their son George having spent three years in Germany—two of which have been behind the netting at Ruhleben Camp—Mr. and Mrs. W. 'Monks, of 266, Lovely-lane,' have often wondered how he was looking and it was, there- fore, particularly gratifying that they should receive from him a , portrait the other day. Here it is—one of a group of civilian prisoners in cricket jerseys. "Just as he was," is the parents' observa- tion. Mr. Monks was never very portly, and we cannot expect the Germans to encourage him in that 'direction. Like the others on the photograph, however, he, looks healthy and cheerful, as though he enjoys the good old game

MR. GEO. MONk'CS. Prisoner in Germany

of cricket, of which he used to ,be so fond when at home.

For a number of years Mr. Monks was employed in the office of Messrs. Joseph Cros- field and Sons, Ltd., but, having-a bent towards the study of languages and an ambition to be- come a foreign correspondent, about three years ago he decided to take up his residence in Ger- many with a view to perfecting hij knowledge of and facility in the use of the language of that country. It was his desire that when he bqcame proficient he should return to England and estcblish himself in a commercial office where he could exercise hi linguistic talents in the pursuit of trade. The declaration of war, however, tqrpedoed his plan 'for the time being, for on the 4th August, 1914, the German military arrested him while he was seated at his desk in the office of a Hamburg firm, and in November of 'the same year consigned him to the notorious Ruhleben Camp, where he has remained. Twice a month he sends letttirs home. _ .

Although he ' has to remain passive in the presence of the enemy, Mr. Monks has two brothers who are fighting for their country honour and his release—Lieutenant William Monks and Private Fred Monks. •

Haddon Court Hospital Doctor for Active Service.

Dr. A. J. Hutton having joined the R.A.11.C. for service at the Front, has been obliged to give 'up his duties at Raddon Court Hospital as medical officer in charge, conjointly with Dr. Bower. He has given devoted service to the patients there for nearly two years, and those at present in hospital gave him a hearty send- off early this week, showing their gratitude to him. The staff made him a presentation as a small token of much appreciation. He' carries with him the best wishes of all in his noble work. Dr. Ed. Fox has most kindly come for- ward to fill his place at Raddon Court.

Missing.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1916.

k.

PRIVATE EDWARD BOWERS.

PRIVATE JOHN V. WYTCHERLEY. Wounded.

concerning his whereabouts would be greatly welcomed by his mother. Rifleman Jones, whd enlisted in 1914, and had been in France twelve months, was formerly employed at Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co.'s tube works, and was an old scholar of Holy Trinity School. His age is 31 years. He has two brothers in the Army, Private Joseph Jones, King's Own Scottish Borderers, on active service in France, and Private Walter Jones, of the same regiment. The latter has been in- valided home, and is now stationed in. Scotland.

AIMPI.II■O,/1101111111•1 .

it is not as bad as I thought it was, or else I might have got to Blighty.' But you must cheer up. Better luck next time." Rifleman Johnson, who is twenty-three years of age and the father of one child—a little boy —was employed for nine years on Messrs. Cros- field's wharf. He enlisted on Boxing Day, 1914, went to France in June, and, by a curious coincidence, arrived home on leave the follow- ing Boxing Day, returning to the Front on the Ist of January. The photograph which we reproduce was taken just after he had come out of the trenches.

• • • ••• •• • • • • • „ . . * • , .„ • . ... • . *••• ...„ • •• •• • .••:•:•?'• •.• „ • . „ • • ••••• .• .•••• ...: • • ••• • ••••••:, •• • •-;*, ••• „ • • i: • . •• „ • • •• • • • . •• • ••-.. • , : ••• • 4 7- ' • „. „. • '••••• ••. •

, •. • , , • ~..„.. " - .. . ' . ..... . . • ...::: ..... . ,:1,..t ... .. ........ .... . ' . • • : ....?:.:=..3:-.4.t....f.' . . ..••,:.....4"...:.: .: ......,:::.:n..-....::;:..'.'........:-.:.-.... ...,: ...:.•-•:-&-:;i"..ii: ...,,,........::::,:.....................:.....i.....,:15,::::::;......;7.;....:',..t.:.[....?..,.: - .- .3 ....: -•- ..:-:.::::::::•:.•:*::::::7•.:AN,, • '• ' :. :.. '....]..:-..:.:•::::::.--:::::::•:::i::....?..,:i,ati:.i:::•ft...\::*, .:::::........:::...!.;'::::::".:.•.‘ '.... ....,:*::.*i?:'s.iii,:.:..,::::::i.:::.::::.iiNz":i...]:'N'fs..Atki ~.. • ' • ... :::.:,::::::::::-.:,::::„..,...f:,....,,,::.*::::::::Nfte..1N,4.i. ' '• *: .. ' ....::;;:i.:::ii;i::.:::,..:.::-..-:::..s.:::.:.:-A!0:?.:1:1!;:t,i: • ' .. .....:::::-..:4i::::;aiiiii...i.::::::•:::::i.tik.,.:,:i._....,W1N.,. • ::..:',.:;;lA::::i.iiift:':;.:ii:E'':il:f.ftri•Ng'i , • :::,,.......:'::A]iiii.ti:::::4::ollilk.tk...:3•: . '•• • , :.• 1--, :',..:.'.:::::•:.'ik4:•.W; . .4' . ..•..::el .:::•'4.';•:. :-...'':''.'i.:::::if§..','..it.. ... ' ' ...........;'1 ' "::•:-.:'ii.:•;;:.*14;::.:45t1.4‘4, , - . ...,... ~....„„ . • • .• , . :.....',.,..), ...*:,::l'i.,:]*:-::::::::.:.•.. ..:::'..?.:'-'2,4t ..... ...... . ... '.. ' .. ', '. .'<.,j;. 1..i.i.::.'.:,..,:.i..f.''',...:•'.•....1i.ik:*::.::.....-iifiiAl.:l•:,ji.ii. . • ~., : .....,',..!i:K:': :::,::::K.O.P.:§* , • ... . ' ' . :- .'. A...:-1.'..":;.'%44: , .... .. . . . ...• . ....-...:0:::::;..':1 • • .... . .M., . ' :'........%;'.':,A ~ .. ...,, . , :„..,..... ~.-.....-:-;.,....:::•:,.,i,.':',:,.... ..•:!..k: ,-- ,-,-.'•::::,:i.:::::::'. . •-•:'.. . .•,,7%i.,.•-:,,--...: - _ , .... : ...--:-..N.i..4.. " .. ..-: ~:.,....,::. . ~..-.--- 4 - -

===== 0002601_19160909_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MISSING.

PRIVATE A. J. SHAW.

Last Seen Taking His Gun Back

To Our Trenches.

Private Alexander James Shaw, a Lewis machine gunner in the South Lancs. Regiment, who, before enlisting, lived with his parents at 42, Cumberland-street, Latchford, is officially reported missing since an engagement on the Bth August. Mrs. Shaw wrote to the officer of her son's company inquiring for particulars, and, has received the following reply :—" I very much regret that I cannot give you any news of your son Alec beyond the fact that he has been officially reported missing. As I have only just returned from sick leave in t ngland I was not with the battalion when the action was fought. I have, however, questioned the man who was with your son. Apparently they were both just outside the German barbed wire and were getting their gun back to Our trench when a shell blew the other man into a shell hole, from which he saw your son going on with the machine gun. That was the last that was seen of him. There is a very small chance that he was taken prisoner, but I am afraid it is a very small one. sympathise with you in your great worry and grief, and wish I could give you

PRIVATE A. J. SHAW.

Missing

lowing notice:—" The term missing does not necessarily mean that the soldier is killed or wounded. He may be an unwounded prisoner or temporarily separated fronl his regiment." Mrs. Pepper is naturally much concerned as to the fate of her husband, and would be glad of any news concerning him. Private Pepper, who is twenty-five years of age, has been a member of the Swimming Club for about ten years, and for some tima occupied the position of assistant secretary. An excep- tionally good water polo player, he was captain of the team, for which he has gained the vic- tory many times with his favourite back-hand shots. Ile has won many prizes in swimming contests. As a boy he attended the National Schbol, qurch-street, and before enlisting was employed in the drapery department of the Co- operative Society, Sankey-street. He was a member, of St. Paul's Church,, and treasurer for the Bible Claks. He joined the Army in January of this year, and had been .at the Front exactly two months to the day he was-reported missing. His brother, William, is in the Australian Navy, and jais father is serving with the National Reserve.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Garden Party at Tower House.

At the invitation of Colonel G. R. Crosfield, D. 5.0., a garden party was given at Tower House, Bewsey, on Tuesday afternoon to the women who meet occasionally at the Drill Hall to provide comforts for the men of the South Lancashire Regiment. Mr. J. H. Smethurst, Miss Jackson, the housekeeper, and Mr. Town- ley, head gardener, looked after the wants of the visitors, who numbered about sixty. The weather was beautifully fine, andl a most enjoy- able evening was spent. There was a ladies' bowling main, which was eagerly contested, the winners being: 1, Mrs. Tyrnan; 2, Mrs. Antrobus; 3, Mrs. Tryner. Tea was served on the lawn.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPTAIN WHITTLE.

August 31st. They are Captains 0. Lyon Whittle, son of the Town Clerk, and Alfred Skinner, son of Mr. William Skinner, Manager of the Warrington branch of Parr's Bank.

The latest news' is thatz they were engaged in a bombing raid when both machines were damaged in conflict with, hostile airmen and fell within the‘ German lines. It is hoped that both officers are unhurt, and it is believed that they- a-re new prisoners, of war. ; Information regarding Captain Skinner's _

'daring adventure is of Slightly. greater extent. It seems that he was observed tot be in conflict with a 'large enemy- aeroplane and to go to his assistance another of our machines hastened, but when he was yet a considerable distance away Captain- Slaimer was seen to plane down swiftly from a height of 4,000 feet behind the enemy's lines. Sight of him was lost before he reached the earth, there being a fair mist about. •

Captain 'Whittle is a Grammar School ";Old

===== 0002601_19160909_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPTAIN SKINNER

Boy," who joined the Territorials in 1908 L He was wounded in April of last year. Captain Skinner was educated at the same school as his friend. He was wounded at Hooge in June of last year.

ing from a gun-shot wound in the head. We regret that permission to visit him cannot be granted." Private McMullen, who is 25 years of age, has been in the Army eighteen months, and at the Front since April of this year. Before enlisting he had charge of the newspaper business at home. As a boy he attended St. Benedict's R.C. School. Last month his elder brother, Private Martin McMullen, who was " was officially reported to have been killed in action on the 24th April, 1915. •

===== 0002601_19160909_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ST r lES OF THE WAR.

TRYING TIMES IN AFRICA,

Lions And Bees Added To Our Him Enemies.

A generous subscriber, to 'Mr. W. Stewart Royston's walking stick fund, sends a long and very interesting letter from a brother, who is motor transport driver with the British Ex— peditionary Force in German East Africa: Driver Archie Waddie writes:—

"We have been very busy, and have had ft pretty rough for the last six weeks. lam with an ammunition column attached to a South !African infantry division, and we have been chasing the Germans for about 200 miles in their own territory. I am not going to describe everything that has happened during that time, as it would fill a volume, but suffice`it to 'say we have had a hard time, what with sickness, insufficient food, and want of water. About three weeks ago, when we were coming into camp cone night, the Germans shelled our con- voy with a\big gun and knocked out two chaps. rho Lext night my lurry and another were told cif to go back fourteen miles to fetch supplies, and that right, as it was late and (lark, we decided to camp out on the veldt, but had to shift in a hurry on account of lions. It was an experience Z don't wish to go through again. About three nights agO, as we came into camp we heard a commotion going .on, machine gun and 'rifle fire, and we were called up at 5 a.m. to stand by with our rifles, but it blew past, as the 5.A.1., who were ahead, managed to scatter the Germans. The next day we passed 17 graves of our fellows who had gone under, and later on came to a big hole, loosely filled in. On going up to see what it was, we found it contained some dead Geman Askaris. They mast have buried diem in a hurry, as one man's shoulder protruded from the sand. Yesterday we were held up by the mule trans- port in front, and heard that they were held op by snipers, and one Indian was shot. We sent out Pickets into the bush, but they returned in about half an hour's time, having seen nothing, so we proceeded, but were held UP again, this time it was the Germans shelling us. They had got the range of the road along which we were travelling, and were letting us have some with their big guns. Luckily, all their. shots went wide, and we got in all right. They continued shelling us in camp for about an hour.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Gave the Germans a " Pasting."

"To-day has been, up to the present, quite quiet. A certain Indian regiment did well here yesterday, and,. I believe, has given the Germans a good pasting, capturing some prisoners and machine guns. Yesterday we came through a village hurriedly evacuated by the Germans. They left the remains of a Ford car, dozens of gallons- of paraffin and oil—but, the artful beggars, each tin had been punctured with a pick-axe—and some dead niggers. One of them must have been shot by the Germans them- selves, as his hands were bound to his sides with a leather belt, and he was shot in the back of the head. I have not, seen bread for six weeks, fresh meat three tittles during that time. We have been living on mealy meal. It makes good porridge. By- the way, I am a bit of a baker now, and have been baking scones this afternoon. I have been terribly hard put for tobacco, and was reduced to smoking dried tea leaves, but bought some native stick tobacco off some German niggers, but could not smoke it, as it is even stronger than the thick twist the navvies smoke at home.

"At the present moment we are nearly eaten up with flies. A week or so ago -a thing hap- pened which. you might hardly credit. A mule transport somehow or other disturbed a bees' hive, and the bees swarmed round in thousands, stung three mares to death, and left the driver in a ,sorry plight, the bees actually getting in- side his shirt. / have just been talking to a wounded South African, who passed through on his way to hospital. Poor fellow,. his brother waA killed in the same action."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDED ' FOR YOU!

Blind Musicians To Give A Concert In Parr Hall.

The most pathetic cases that the war has produced are those which are rapidly making a little army of men who have lost their sight as the result of wounds, and no effort should be spared to make their lot as happy and free from tmneussary care as it is possible to make it. I ,

We welcome the announcement that a concert will be given in Parr Hall next Friday week, September 22nd, by "The Blind Musicians," in aid of the soldiers and sailors who have been blinded in, the war. As is now fairly widely known, a hostel has been established at St. Dunstan's, Regent's Park, London, kindly lent by Mr. Otto Kahn. It is a fine house with ex- cellent facilities for recreation in the grounds, and this hostel is maintained by The National Institute for the Blind, the British Red Cross --- Society, and die Order of St. John of Jerusa- lem, and is ma4Saged by the Blinded Soldiers' and Sailors' Care Committee. By arrangement with the War Office all blinded soldiers upon discharge from the military hospitals are in- vited to enter St. Dunstan's, where "they may be taught to be blind." Everything that can be done has been done for the comfort and training of these young men who have been suddenly plunged into lifelong darkness; and every effort Is being made by those interested to lighten the existence of the sufferers and to face , cheerfully their changed surroundings with every encouragement. An effort of this charac- ter needs no recommendation to the sympathies of the public; it commends itself. The concert in the Parr Hall will doubtless receive, as it ought to receive, the most liberal support.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER ORDERS.

7th BATTALION LANCASHIRE

REGIMENT.

Warrington Company. Headquarters, Drill Hall. ORDERS FOR WEEK ENDING SEPT. 16th, By/ CAPTAIN W. PETER RYLANDS, Officer. Commanding.

Officer on duty during week.—Secondkieut. H. Davies. ; Orderly Sergeant.—Sergeant F. H. Swallow. -Orderly Corporal.—Lance-Corporal Tilling.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Parades.

To-morrow (Sunday), 11 a.m.—Bank Park. Recruiting Rally at Widnes. Headquarters' Companies and the Liverpool Heavy Motor Transport Battalion parading. Men to carry one ration; tea provided. Monday, 8 p.m.—Headquarters; Platoons Nos. 1 and 2. Company Drill. - 'Saturday next, 3.f p.m.—Bank Park. Sergt.- Major's Parade, Arpley Meadows; all ranks.

Recruits.

Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, 8 p.m.—Headquarters; • Squad Drill and Physical Exercises. Musketry.

Tuesday, from 6.30 p.m.—Shooting Competi- tion, Legh-street Range; Platoon No. 2. To-day 2.30, Wednesday 7 p.m., Thursday 3 p.m.—Open to all ranks.' Fire Drill.—Thursday, 6.30 p.m., Fire Station.

1‘ 11I:

, ,

. ;

,(,..ii - • :.-f„li „,, , .1. ~ l!'1-: i'r

1 i . . .. . t4' 1- • 1-i: .4 l's , !•.i',.iii,- 1-4,., 1 is '.. I . i • ..114' • , J • ' ' .

1,,,:.•.11,..1:::1'. 4,14,.pi.,1:: .i..-..;.,'k0.,.;,..-.,..... lti.,-,•'....',.',..

37:: . , i 3> ,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Memoranda.

1. Promotion.—Privates R. Ryder, T. Gorton. and A. Morris to be Lance-Corporals, with effect from 3/9/16. 2. Establishment, Compapy Organisation and Standing Orders.—Published on notice board at Headquarters. N.C.O.'s must acquaint them- selves with the details at the earliest oppor- tunity. 3. Completion of Enrolment.—Thursday, 8 pm., Headquarters, by Platoon Commander F. A. Frost, Cheshire Volunteer Regiment. All men not yet sworn in must attend this parade. (Signed) W.,ASHTON, Acting Adjutant.

Mary Knew. - Recently the teacher was examining the class in physiology. "And now, Mary," she asked, "Can you tell us what is the principal function of the stomach?" " Yeth, ma'am," answeied Mary. "The prim. cipal function of the stomach ith to hold up the petticoats."

!

j. :

if? !Yi.;

- / .. ---,,, - ~ ,--, . - 3 ~., ~ y.

....„ , - ~t .ti4il ff,.' , , „. , . it-1.---,..4- . 1#',:3,:" - :„...-,4 ', , ~,,,..,, I - . .

===== 0002601_19160909_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
^, ~ . .. -._ , i : --- i {. II I NM , , , . .......0 4. 15T: ,IsT pIEWS , :N., -- 1 .......,..„.J....i

I_. Y MM

LOCAL FACTS AND FANCIES.

By CRITIC.

There was something doing at Lymm last Saturday. Everyone' seemed to be out for the day.

How is it that the wounded soldiers from Brookqeld did not take part in the procession?

The village presented a pretty spectacle, being literally one great mass flags and —hunting.

The platform on which the presentation was made was no doubt the prettiest of "all, and the Council employes are to be congratulated on their efforts.

Next came the approach to the hero's resi- dence at Newfields. The entire row of houses displayed flags from their windows, and over- head hung great streamers.

His own home was no less beautiful. The frontage was decorated with flags and bunting, and hanging just over the door was a card with the following inscription "Honour to whom honour is due."

i ..,i;'.. :1 i

"He deserved it." So say we all.

Celebrations of a private nature were held on Saturday night.

Who were the two men who had to be rebuked for not removing their hats when the band played the National Anthem?

I ' I only hope a few critics I heard a while ago ..! heard what Field's officers had to say 'of him • last Saturday.

A local soldier writing from France says, "Have you got any motor boats on the lake yet?"

Perhaps he will understand when he hears about the "Bear Garden'" part of the business.

And it will be a consolation for him to know that there is still one on the bank.

What a time we had at Beechwood last Saturday, and what glorious weather!

Everyone seemed to be out for fun, and every- one seemed to find plenty.

The concert hall was exceedingly popular, for at both performances would-be patrons had to be turned away.

ct '

The "Queries in Querieland " were in great demand, for we had not forgotten their splendid performance last winter.

One of their striking features is "That no , male member of the company is eligible for the 1 ' Army."

'11'......;..i,-..., • .";:t '...r.,:-.•;., ,1 T, :T -.•,. i''.....* ',•1.,'.;..,,.(.:'•..!,......-:..i.4.

II

By the way, since the last concert they gave here, Mr. George Stubbs and Miss Dorothy L. Burgess have become Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Stubbs.

Ex-Gunner James Plant (the manager) has in his company :something to oe proud of, for never have concerts been given in the village with better effect than those rendered by his admirable company.

• 1 t 11c 11'

:!!

What about the storm last Sunday? It did rain a little, didn't it,

Persistency Rewarded.—Mr. Horace Hudson, The Nook, Booth's Hill, has applied for enlist- ment and been ## ically examined and rejected no fewer than f # urteen times. But under the new attestation scheme he has been accepted for general service at a Warrington recruiting centre. He is expecting to "join up" as soon as the new Bill comes into operation at the end of this month.

, .1 i .41 ;

Prisoner Of War Sends For Suit Of Khaki.— A letter received ,this week by his parents at Rush Green from Private Walter Massey, the Cheshire Regiment, who has been a prisoner of war in "Germany since the memorable retreat from Mons, states that they are doing very well, and are receiving pretty decent food, but he would be Very much obliged if they would send him a suit of khaki as early as possible as his own is worn out.

/ ==l

B=3 111

Ii * o - STOMACH & LIVER

===== 0002601_19160909_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
RED CROSS HOSPITAL.

Countess Of Stamford Opens Working Men's Garden Fete.

On Saturday afternoon and eveninc, a most attractive and successful garden fete, organ- ised by the Lymm Detachment Working Men's Committee : in aid of the British Red Cross Society Hospital, was held (by kind 'per- mission of Sir W. H. Lever, Bart.) in the charming residence' and. grounds of Beechwood, , The magnificent weather which favoured the presentation of the D.C.M. to Sergeant Field earlier in the day remained unbroken, with the result that the fete took place under ideal conditions. In case of adverse climatic condi- tions all the amusements, concerts, &c., would have been held under cover. As it was the concerts were held in the house and spaciolis apartments were attractively laid out as re- freshment cafes. All the arrangements were extremely creditable to the Working Men's Committee, who had as their chairthan Mr. K. Tweedale; as hon. secretary, Mr. H. Halli- day; and as lion. treasurer and übiquitous organiser of the fete, Mr. A. H. Hudson.. •

The Band of- the South Lancashire Regiment was a great help and attraction, their pro- 'gramme of selections being exceedingly bright and pleasing. Two enjoyable concerts were given by "The Queries in Querieland," a clever party of vocalists who aptly described themselves as a "Queer Medley of Queries." Then there were the usual numerous attrac- tions of a fete of this nature and a whist drive was held in -the evening. Quite a number of wounded soldiers were present during the day' and frolicked in the sunshine as well as they could.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
A Working Vice-President.

There was a large company present when the Countess of Stamford declared the fete open. Mr. A. de C. Parmiter, who is a member of the General. Committee, said .his duty that afternoon was ec very pleasant one to ask the Countess of Stamford, whose presence that afternoon they so much appreciated, to declare the garden fete open. Lady Stamford was vice-president of the British Red Cross Society for that district in Cheshire. He: did not want them to be under any misapprehension as to what vice-president meant. He supposed some of them' had been. vice-presidents of guilds and institutions Or things of ,the-kind' and found that they had nothing at all to do with the management and that they were not expected to do anything except to send a contribution to the funds once a year. (Laughter.) But a vice-president of the Red Cross meant a very different thing. It involved a great deal of very real and responsible work.. They in Lymm were very lucky to be presided over by Lady Stamford, because when they had to appeal to her for -help anti guidance it had always been given willingly and proved of the greatest assistance.' (Applause.) With reference to the Working 'Men's Committee he might say that during the whole time this hospital had been opened their work had been simply splen- did. They had worked steadily and persistently and-had been the means of handing over to the hospital several hundred pounds towards. its funds. The carrying on of the hospital. there had been of absolute importance. Then they had the fact that the Working Men's Committee had entirely organised 'and 'got up that 'fete. (Applause.) .The hospital at the present time was practically full and had been for some weeks, and, as far as they could sew was likely to be for some time to come, so that they would want every penny they could get. _ _ .

===== 0002601_19160909_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Lady Stamford Congratulates Lymm.

Lady Stamford expressed the great pleasure it gave her to do something to help Lymm. Lymm had been very strenuous in doing such hard work: it had done all it could for the hospital. She should refer for one minute to what had just been said about her. In the Altrincham district people had been so effi- cient, so energetic and determined, that every hospital when it was started had run itself, and generally the wheels had been very well oiled., (Applause.) She very heartily congra- tulated the Working Men's Committee upon the work they had done. It was always rather a difficult thing to go on collecting subscrip- tions and getting donations for a work which had been going on like this for two years. But those who set themselves deliberately to do what was wanted had been more than re- paid already. In years to come what a very fine reputation they would have, as the people who stepped into the gap and did what was wanted. She congratulated them upon having taken that pleasant garden and she had great pleasure in declaring the fete open and wish- ing it very great- success. (Appleuse.) Mr. Alfred Watkin said he was not himself officially connected with the Red Cross Hospi- tal at Lymm, but his wife, as township leader, was, and as her spokesman he asked them to accord a hearty vote of thanks to Lady Stam- ford for, coming there and speaking to them in such a kind and eloquent way. • • A cheer was given for Lady Stamford, the band played "God save the King," and the fun of the fair began. •

===== 0002601_19160909_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
'The Amusements.

ane following is a list of the various amuse- ments and general attractions, with the nit.mes of those who ran them:—

Concerts given by the Queries in Querieland.—

Artistes: Mr an Mrs: George Stubbs, ,Miss Lily Wills, Mr. James L. Stewart, Mr. Denby Wilson, ex-Gunner James Plant and Miss Marie Tudor. Mr. D. Wilshaw was at the piano, and Mr. H. S. Hudson officiated as door- keeper. Two concerts were ,given befora crowded audiences. The company hail from Manchester, and during 1915-16 they have given 93 concerts voluntarily for the British Red Cross Society. None of the, male members are eligible for the Army. They have raised be- tween_ five and six hundred pounds. _

Whist Drive at 7.30.—A: fair number of

players took part and prtzes diven by Mr. Finch were won by :—Ladies: 1, Mrs. Finch; 2, MISS G. Wright; hidden number, Miss- Dunn. Gentlemen: 1, Mr. V. Boondi 2, Mr. Hodgkin- son; hidden number, Mr. Lee, Warburton. Messrs. H. Clare and H. Halliday acted as M.C.'s. The drive was disturbed by the appear- ance of the arm of the law, who demanded the lights to be covered. Aunt Sally.—Mr. Hy. Clare. Cocoanut Stall.—Messrs. T. Readitt and Hy. Thomason.

Rifle Range.—Mr. R. B. R. Hartley. Hoop-la.—Mr. A. Appleton. Dart Board.—Mr. W. Seymour. Clock Golf.—Messrs. T. F. W. Dixon, F. Gar. side and A. H. Evans. Bob-la.—Mr. Latham.

Watch-la.—Mr. T. H. West. Electric Battery.—Mr. F. Bradbur-n. Refreshment Stall.—Mesdames Latham and Hudson, and the Misses D. Latham, L. Readitt and M. Witter.

Shilling Tea Department.—Mesdames Gould, Tweedale and Carr, and the Misses Holt, Carr, Gould, Gleave and Seymour. Sixpenny Tea Department.—The Misses Era, Mary and Fanny Hatton, the Misses E. N. and F. Dalton, Marsh, Smith, J. Pearson, dairs and Mrs. Proud.

Produce Stall.—The Hon. Mrs. Cross, Mrs. Johnson and Mrs. W. Beckett.

Guessing Competition Cake (hidden article).— The Misses H. Goffin and M. Clare.

Dolls' Names Competition.—Doll dressed and given by Miss Tweedalei, Name, "Iris," won by Mrs. H. Carr. This doll brought £6 12s. 9d. Doll given by Mr. A. 11. Hudson and pur- chased from the Lord Roberts Memorial Work- shops for disabled soldiers and sailors at Lon- don, "Andrew," dressed by Miss Dalton and won by Miss Inglefield. It realised £3 2s. Paul," dressed by Mrs. Carr and won by Mrs. Peter, brought £1 10s. 3d.

"Rhoda," dressed by Miss Wheeler and won by Miss Pester; brought £3 Os. 6d. Cake Competition.—Cake presented by Miss Smith and won by Mrs. Ralph Bate. Hidden treasure, silver serviette ring

===== 0002601_19160909_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Result of the -Fete.

The total results taken up to, Saturday night realised £133 19s. lid., of which £3 was given in donations. This sum does not include. any ticket money.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

, ;'

===== 0002601_19160909_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
TROUBLES

a INDIGESTION 11 CONSTIPATION BILIOUSNESS HEADACHES 0

Restore your digestiv• organs to working oriler, by using Mother Seigel's Syrup, and these troubles will be completely banished. Test it to-clay.

7 YIELD TO MOTHER SEIGEL'S

SYRUP,

revEßy WOMAN • Should send 2 stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities ab=pressions may be entirely avoided or removed • te means. Recommended byeminentrhysicians 0 as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never Fails. Thousands of Testimonials. Established 1862 P. BLANCHARD,c'Ar"r"DaIston-lane, London •ICElSollll6lelminollsiTholliallionallie

===== 0002601_19160909_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1916.

"WELCOME !"

Gallipoli Hero Enthusiastically

Greeted And Decorated.

A FIELD DAY.

Beneath a scorching sun, which must have reminded the daring soldier of the consuming heat of the Gallipoli Peninsula or of his pre- vious campaign on .the South African veldt, Thomas W. Field (late Lancashire Fusiliers) was last Saturday proudly decorated in his native village of Lymm with the medal which is only• one remove from the highest award for valour.

Our readers are already aware of the magni- ficent deed which earned the Distinguished Conduct Medal for this dashing non-corn. Like all our heroes, Quartermaster Sergeant Field shunned publicity, but luckily; "some have honours thrust upon them," and he was obliged to -submit to the ordeal of having the medal pinned on his breast by the gallant Colonel of his regiment, of listening to the praises of brave Vajor Alexander, who led his batta- lion into action, and of seeing the delight and enthusiasm of his fellow-townsmen.

A platform, gaily festooned with streamers, and on which was a table covered with the Union Jack,• had' been erected in front of the strangely interesting old-time Cross, and here the ceremony was performed. Nearly every house in the vicinity displayed a flag of large dimensions, and the mottoes " Welcome " and "Honour to whom honour is due" were ap- propriately prominent. The spacious square was packed with people and there was great enthusiasm. Shortly before two o'clock a pro- cession was formed at the Council Offices. In front came a mounted detachment of the Cheshire Volunteers, followed by the fine Band of the South Lancashire Regiment, playing lively airs. • Then marched a contingent of the Volunteer Training Corps, and the members of the Lyrana Urban District Council. In a motor car, bright with miniature flags and decorated with flowers, was seated the hero of the day, and beside him Lieutenant- Colonel Alan McClure, in command of the

hats, handkerchiefs and miniature flags, Colonel McClure pinned the medal on Sergeant Field's breast, the band playing the National Anthem. Quartermaster-Sergeant Field expressed his deep gratitude for the reception they had given him and expressed the hope that when the men came home they would get the right royal welcome they deserved. Mr. J. H. Holt, vice-chairman of the Urban Council, moved a vote of thanks to Lieutenant- Colonel McClure for coming to present the medal, and the honour he had bestowed upon the village. - It. had occurred to him when listening to the description of -the acts of bravery carried out by Quartermaster-Sergeant Field that the keynote which had been struck was that of tenacity. He felt that what was going to win this war for us was British tenacity. Mr. Holt also included the other officers present in the vote of thanks. There was a vigorous response. Colonel McClure said the vote of thanks was quite unnecessary. Any officer would be glad to do what he could for any mew in the battalion. They were always good friends and would remain good friends to the end. . When they saw any chanee of recommending any good work done by the men of the battalion they were only too glad to do so. (Cheers.) Those present then sang "God Save the King" with much heartiness, and- cheers hav- ing- been given for Quartermaster-Sergeant -and Mrs. Field, the procession was re-formed and headed by the band and greatly augmented in numbers, moved off to Beechwood, where the garden fete in aid of the Red Cross Hospital was about to be opened.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE ERNEST JONES.

AVound AVhich Means The Loss Of A Finger.

Private Ernest Jones, Warwickshire Regi- ment, has been wounded in the left hand whilst fighting in Prance. Writing to his parents at Sandy-lane from a base hospital, he states that he had lost one of the middle fingers of the left hand. This was closely followed by an official letter from the War Office confirm- ing the gallant soldier's statement. Soon after the outbreak of war he enlisted in

fighting in France. It is just the sort that an Englishman likes. I bet the Turks thought so, for' the way in which we handled them and re- pulsed their attack; well, it must have been absolute slaughter. We have marched and ad- vanced miles. In my own opinion, this part of of the business is the most trying of all, owing to the great lack of water. We have nothing to depend upon for it but the camels and wells. We were 36 hours without a bite of anything but unripe dates, but thank God we are doing a little better now, for five biscuits and a tin of bully beef a day is something to be thankful for. You must not think that I am down-hearted, for I am not, for if I was I don't think that I should have been alive to-day. It is a little disheartening when you are march- ing across the dAert with nothing around you only sand, and your comrades are continually falling out, but what a relief when you spot a clump of palm trees, and although it takes hours to reach them, it seems to give you new hope. Unfortunately the dates are not yet ripe, but water is the thing that matters, and where there are palm trees you can always depend on find- ing water if you dig deep enough. We are at present resting under a tree at the corner of a wood, and I can tell you we had quite a scrap to get this position, though I have no idea where we are. I was very sorry to learn through 'The Examiner that Lymm has again lost two of its most popular and respected men, 'Harry Brookes and Tom Read, for they were truly two of the best, and I hope that their relatives will accept my deepest sympathy." . . _ _ .

_ Private James Jennings has written numer- ous letters that have appeared in our columns, and he is looked upon by "Examiner" *readers as a gifted correspondent.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE HAROLD AVIBBERLEV.

Gassed And Buried In trench By A Shell Explosion. Vrivate Harold Wibberley, of the Cheshire Regiment, a popular Statham soldier, has .been gassed and buried in a trench. Writing to some relatives in 'Statham from the 3rd Cana- dian Stationary Hospital, the gallant soldier says :

"I am mending nicely, so do not worry.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
QR.-M.-SERGI'. FIELD. D.C.M.

regiment, whio , had 'been wounded. Major Alexander, D. 5.0., who led the attack in which Quartermaster-Sergeant Field afterwards gained the distinction; Mr. F. Isockyer (chairman of Lymm Urban District Council) and Mr. W. Mullard (clerk to that .body) Were in the same vehicle. In another 'motor car were Captain Cartwright (officer commanding the depot of the regiment) and Captain Gledhill: Mrs. Field and her little daughter were also present and came in for many congratulations. , On reaching the Cross the occupants of the motor cars took their seats on the platform, and the proceedings were opened without delay by Mr. Lockyer, who presided. How the Village has Helped the Nation.

Mr. Lockyer said they were met on that occa- sion to show their deep appreciation of, and gratitude to, one of their fellow townsmen, ex- Q.11.-Sergt. Field, for the gallant service which he rendered to his King and country in the terrible struggle which was-now taking place in Europe. Having described the feat performed by Q.M.-Sergt. Field, and stated that, in addition to earning this medal, he was mentioned in dis- patches on the 12th December, 1915, Mr. Lockyer said it did not require any words of his to be added to that simple story of British gallantry and courage to enable them to realise what such service meant. if it had not been for such men as Q.M.-Sergt. Field those present would not be where they were that day, and he sincerely hoped that they would have an opportunity of showing their, gratitude to him in a substantial manner in the very near future. He (Mr. Lockyer) could not help thinking of the gallant fellows frBm that village who, during that war, had made the great sacrifice and laid down their lives for their country; they now, he believed, numbered seventeen, and the exact nature of their deaths was in some cases not known. Some of them lay in unknown graves in a foreign country, and those at home were left to mourn their loss. The horrors of the war had been specially brought home to him during the last few days-4e had very recently lost his own son- in-law, who had died from wounds. Let them who were left at home see to it that the deeds of the gallant fellows who returned to them, in some cases' sick and wounded, were properly rewarded, and that the memory of those who fell was never allowed to fade. (Cheers.)

How the Distinction was Won.

Colonel McClure said before presenting the medal to Q.M.-Sergt. Field he would ask Major Alexander, who was in command of the battalion on the 7th August, to sneak a few words. • Major Alexander, who was warmly cheered, assured his hearers that he was glad to be pres- ent to say a few words in support of the very good work that Q.M.-Sergt. Field did when he was in the Peninsula. Often an official account is a very bald one, and one does not know as to the exact thing that took place: On this occasion, his (Major Alexander's) battalion and others had to advance and capture Turkish trenches. They got into their trench and the other battalions fell back. Then it was that Sergeant Field first of all got out behind the trench and showed a red flag for the guidance of the artillery to let them know they had got there. When the men on either flank fell back Sergeant Field clung to his position with very few men. He was noticed in that position by Captain Gledhill, who was then adjutant, and he promptly organised an attack and they got back into the trench. He was absolutely convinced that had it not been for the dogged determination and bravery shown by Sergeant Field they should have all had desperately hard wolik to get back into the trench. •He (Major Alexander) was particu- larl, pleased that he was able to give such a favourable • report to the higher authorities, And afterwards to learn that Sergeant Field had got the Distinguished Conduct Medal. "He deserves it," concluded Major Alexander, amidst renewed cheering. Colonel McClure Said he understood that Lymm had got representatives in many regi- ments, and although Sergeant Field was the first to win the D.C.M., it was only one of many that would come there. He understood that in addition to Major Alexander, who had won the D. 5.0., another inhabitant of Lymm was awarded the Russian order—the Cross ef St. George. •

===== 0002601_19160909_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The Army Order.

Colonel MdClure thep, read the Army Order, as under:—

" Distinguished Conduct Medal, issued witli Army Orders, Ist April, 1916, No. 2228 Sergt. T. W. Field, 1/7th Lancashire Fusiliers, T.F. For conspicuous gallantry on the 7th August, 1915, on the Gallipoli Peninsula. The Turks having recaptured a portion of a trench, Sergeant Field, with three other man, with great bravery, held on to the centre of the position until a counter attack had been organised, which drove the enemy out. He was wounded in four places, and of the others, two were killed ond one-wounsled." The Medal Presented.

Then as,the crowd cheered lustily and waved

the Cheshire Regiment, but was. afterwards transferred to the Warwickshire Regiment, and it was with this corps that he went to France six Months ago. He took an active interest in sport, and is well-known in local football circles, -being one of the mainstays of • the Oughtrington Amateur A.F.C. He is 24 years of age, and was educated at Oughtrington School, and worshipped at the Oughtrington Parish Church. Prior to the war he was em- ployed as a bricksetter by Mr. Wm. Clark, builder, Sandy-lane. His brother, Private Harry Jones, the Cheshire Regiment, is at present lying in a hos- pital at -Stratford-on-Avon suffering from a wound in the shoulder. This is the second time that Private Harry Jones has been wounded during the present campaign.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE JOHN PERCIVAL.

Son Of n Ex-Army Pensioner Suffering From Shell Shock.

Private John Percival, the Cheshire Regi- ment, is seriously ill suffering-from shell shock. His mother, 16, Oldfield-road, Statham, received the news this week in an official communication sent from the War Office, the .writer stating that in the event of her son's condition becom- ing any graver the news would at once be con- veved to her. •

Private John Percival is an exceedingly well- known local man, and for some considerable time was a popular member of the local Terri- torial Force. At the outbreak of war he was

===== 0002601_19160909_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
mobilised with this corps, but was rejected by the local .doctor. Not being satisfied he again approached the recruiting authorities and was eventually accepted and placed in. the Cheshire Regiment. After ten Months' training he was drafted out to: France in June, 1916. He is 21 years of age,-and-wass educated at the 'Lymm and, St4tham Schools, and worshipped at the Lymm' Paiish Church. Prior to enlisting he was em- ployed in the locomotive department belonging to the Manchester Ship Cfinal Company at Par- tington. His brother, Private Peter Percival, of the Cheshire Regiment, was wounded about -twelve months ago, and is at present in England. His father, who died about 14 years ago, was an Army pensioner, with over 21 years' regular service to his credit.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONG-WAITED ATTACK.

Private James Jenninas And "A Bit 01 A Do " With The Turks.

Writing to his home at Moston-street, New- fields, Private James Jennings, of the Maiiches- ter Regiment, sends an amazing account of an attack with the-Turks.

"You will be surprised," he says, "to heAr that we have had 'a bit of a do' with the Turks, for the other night ,the long-waited attach came at last. They were soon repulsed, for we were all over them before they knew, where they were, and we drove thexa back about 30 miles, and cap- tured thousands of prisoners. , As regards casualties in the fighting, we had very few. It is open warfare here, and not like the trench

think the real cause of my being here so ill is thriiiigh being buried in the' trenches the other night. I can stand the bullets flying about all right, but what kills my ,pig are the shells. They come over 'whizz,' and when they drop they send tons. of earth flying in the air. It is a lively place where our lads are; they tell me that Ypres is nothing near so bad. We are at . I suppose the football season will just be about commencing. I wish I was back, for I am very fond of football. You know I am not fed up, only I have had quite enough. We are having some very wet weather again now, and it makes the trenches very bad. It is not so pleasant, I can assure you, when you have to stand in one place for several hours. Remember me to all the bhoys,' and tell them that after this I hope/ to be in ' Blighty ' for a short time." Private Harold Wibberley is a footballer of some renown. He was educated at the Lymm and Statham Schools and worshipped at the Primitive Methodist Church. He enlisted in March of this year and went out to France about nine weeks ago. Prior to the war he was in the TerritoriarS. In civil life he is a carter and was employed by a Warrington firm. His brother, Private Tom Wibberley, also of the Cheshire Regiment, we reported wounded a few weeks ago.

STOCKTON HEATH.

Evening Services to be Earlier.—ln conse- quence of the lighting regulations, commencing in October the Sunday 'evening service at St. Thomas' Church will be at 3.30 instead of 6.30, and the Sacrament of Holy Baptism will be administered on Fridays at 10.30 a.m. instead of on Sundays at 3 p.m., until further notice.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT

Orders for week commencing Saturday, Sept. 9th, 1916 : Tuesday.--8 p.m., Recruits' drill. Other mem- bers may attend for musketry practice.

Thursday.-7.30 p.m., ReCriiits' Drill and Musketry; 8 Platoon Drill. Orderlies for the week.—Privates Rose and Ashby.

G. R. WILLIAMSON.

Belgian Refugees, Beechwood House, Lymm.— A, public meeting will be held in the Assembly Room at the' Conservative Club, Lymm, on Wed- nesday evening , next, to receive the hon. treasurer's statement of accounts in connection with the Belgian Refugees at Beechwood House. All 'subscribers invited to attend.

Sergeant Arthur Read Wounded.—Just on going to press we hear that Sergeant Arthur Read, Newfields, of the has been wounded, his mother having received a field card to that effect. Further particulars are not yet to hand. He is a' brother to Private William Read, whom we reported wounded last week.

Conservative Tribute to the Late Mr. A. W. Callender.—At the monthly meeting of the Lymm Conservative Club and Association refer- ence was made by the President (jr. W. P. Rylands) to the death of Mr. A. W. Callender, their able secretary. Mr. F. E. Evans and Mr. G. R. Williamson also referred to his valu- able services, and a vote of condolence was passed with the relatives, the whole audience standing. -

===== 0002601_19160909_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL.

Sewerage Scheme Accounts.—At Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday, the .Clerk (Mr. [Tough) produced the Clerk's account in connec- tion with the Grappnhall and Latchford sewerage scheme inquiry, and it was decided that it should be .submitted for taxation..

===== 0002601_19160909_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.

Grappenhall Detachment. Orders for week ending September 16t*— Monday.—Musketry at Range, 7.30 Y p.m.; Range Officer, Platoon Sergt. C. G. Hutchins. Tuesday.—Company Drill; fall-in, at Head- quarters, 7.45 p.m. Friday.—Musketry at Range. 7.30 pm.; Range Officer, Section Corporal F. Fox. Saturday.—Company Drill; fall-in at Head- quarters, 3 p.m. , Orderlies.—Section Corporal E. Pearce and Private W. Johnson.

F. A. FROST, O.C.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

Wounded.—Louis Sparks, Chapel-road, is in hospital suffering from a gunshot wound in the hand. " He enlisted in the Rifle Brigade last October. After a period between four and five months of training he was transferred to France where he has remained up to the pre- sent time.

Sapper Thomas Rigby, South Lancs. Regiment, has received-a -bullet Wound in his left arm. Ile has had various experiences of front line work with the Engineers, and many lucky escapes.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Sixteen Years Cured

On March 29th, 1916, Mr. Wilson said:—" I have not lost one day's work in sixteen years, thanks to my absolute cure by Doan's Backache 'Kidney Pills, sixteen years ago."

All dealers, or 219 a box from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells St., Oxford St., London, TV.

D A,N Backache Kidney Pills.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MEMORIAL SERVICE.

'tribute At St. Thomas' To The Gallant Dead.

St. Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath, was crowded on :Sunday afternoon, Evhen a solemn memorial service was held for those who had been killed in action and drowned at sea. The names of the fallen were read in the course of the service by the Rev. J. Collins (vicar), the Dead March in "Saul" being first played on the organ. They were :—Alfred Allender, Richard Gamble, Frank Foster Isher- wood, Harry Parton, Peter Valentine Plinston, John Henry Sanford, Reginald Joseph Shill- cock, George Taylor and William Vere.

The service opened with the favourite hymn "Now the labourer's task is o'er," followed by the chanting of the special Psalms and he reading of the lesson. The recital of the jtoll of Honour was extremely pathetic and was succeeded by prayers from the'bUrial service and the hymn "The Saints of God! Their conflict past; and life's long battle won at last."

- The Rev. J. R. Ji;nes (vicar of Great Sankey) delivered a brief but extremely sympathetic address of high appreciation for, the fallen and comfort for those who are 19ft behind. He referred to the splendid way in which the young men of the country had come forward. Their spirits would never -die. The touching words were all the more powerful coming from the lips of one who had himself lost a gallant son.

After the concluding hymn and Benediction, Mr. Rose played Beethoven's Funeral March.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE G. E. PENNY.

Suffering From Shell Shock; Now In Convalescent Camp.

Mrs. Penny, of 37, Cawdor-street, Stockton Heath„ has received a letter from her son, Private G. ,E. Penny, of the South Lancashire Regiment, stating that he had been in hospital suffering from shell shock. He was at the time of writing well behind the line in a convales- cent camp. He said that he got a nasty shak- ing up and thought that his time had come. Private Penny is a Son of the late Mr. J. Penny, of New Brighton. He is 22 years of age and was formerly employed in the Goods De- partment of the London and North-Western Railway Company, Bank Quay. He has two brothers serving in the -Army.

CHESHIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT. Stockton Heath Detachment. Orders for week commencing 11th Sept. : Monday.—Bayonet Training and Company Drill; also Recruits' Squad, Headquarters, 7.45. Tuesday.—" Class Firing" for all members who have not yet taken their card. Recruits for instructions :—A. G. Lewsey, A. Jolley, T. Catherall, J. Bradford, C. Johnson and T. Spencer. Thursdayt—Recruits' Squad, Headquarters, 7.4& Note.—There will be no Signalling Class this evening. Saturday.—Uniform Parade; fall-in Victoria Square, 3 o'clock. Members who have not yet got uniforms to parade in civilian dress, and, as the Battalion Sergeant-Major is expected to attend, the O.C. desires a full muster. Sunday.—N.C.O.'s Class, Chelford; meet Vic- toria Square, 9 a.m. FRANK WARBURTON, Officer Commanding.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
PAD GATE.

Choir Trip.--On Saturday the annual trip of the choir of Christ Church, Padgate, took' place. The places visited were. Liverpool and New Brighton. At Liverpool the Art Gallery and Museum were visited, and it New Bri4hton the time was spent in paddlim and other amusements. The weather was ideal. The party were accompanied by the Rev. J. Hirst and Mr. F. Blackwell, organist. ,

, Garden Meeting at the V icarage.—A garden meeting in ad of the work of the Church Missionary Society was held in the Vicarage Grounds, Padgate, on Friday, September Ist. Miss Annie Maddison, C.M.S. missionary, Chekiang, China, and the Rev. A. T. Goodrich, organising secretary of the society, were present. Others present included Rev. B. Percival, Dr. Bennett, Messrs. E. Gorton, J. Hamblett, W. Jump, and a -number of ladies. Mrs. Gorton, who acted as hostess, provided tea, and a c6l- lection on behalf of the society realised £7 10s.

Private Ward Wounded Again.—News has been received by Airs. Ward of Cinnamon-lane, Fearnhead, to say that her son, Private Scott Ward, has been severely wounded in the head, and is at present lying in hosuital in France. Some time ago Private Ward was in hospital in England suffering fiora wounds in the arm and leg, which he received in Gallipoli. Before leaving for New Zealand he lived with his parents in Fearnhead, but came over to Eng- land with the Australian contingent, which fought so bravely in Gallipoli.

Tennis Club Entertain Wounded Soldiers.:— The members of the Padgate Tennis and Bowl-

jug Club again extended an invitation to the wounded soldiers from Whitecross Hospital to visit their grounds on: Thursday.- About forty were conveyed in a motor 'bus kindly lent by the Warrington Corporation. On arrival at the grounds each soldier was presented with cigar- ettes. Bowling, tennis and croquet were heartily indulged in. Tea was provided by the lady members, the soldiers doing full justice to the excellent repast. Mr. E. Lunt (presideht of the club) welcomed the wounded men, and Sergeant Rushton •responded, and thanked all the members for their kind hospitality. . A bowling main , resulted :—I,. Private Burgess; 2, Pioneer T. Davies; 3, Private. Stanley; 4, Lance-Corporal Curren. Mr..E.dLunt presented the prizes. An enjoyable impromptu concert was held, several soldiers and nienabers taking part. Mr. P. H. Bennett very kindly supplied the men with fruit. The arrangements were carried out by Messrs. R. Tunstall and' R. W. Cook.

Church Lade Brigade.—The Padgate C.L.B- spent a very enjoyable week-end camp on the Vicarage lawn. On Sunday afternoon they were inspected by Lieutenant-Colonel J. D. Buckton, V.D. (of North Nibley, Gres.). Commander Frost (of the Volunteer Training Corps), Major Brookes and Major Ford (staff officers of the Warrington Cadet Battalion), the Rev. 3- Hirst, and the company's officers (Captain Simpson and Lieutenant Peters). C'okmel Buekton inspected the ranks, arms and equip- ment, and afterwards spoke to the boys, re- viewing the work in its religious aspect. He also spoke of the honour the uniform conveyed as it was identical with that worn by our brave fellows in the field. Members must be careful never to bring disgrace on it. Colonel Buckton claimed to be the originator of the original C.L.B. which flourished in Padgate many years ago, under the late Major Appleton. The weather was very unsettled all day on Sunday, but fortunately kept fine for the inspection. At the conclusion the officers were entertained to tea in the Vicarage by the Vicar (the Rev. 3. Hirst).

===== 0002601_19160909_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD.

VICAR'S TRIBUTE TO DEAD'

SOLDIERS.

Writing in this month's "Parish Magazine" the Vicar of Orford states:— "Two more names are this month transferred to the list of those Within the Veil. On July 24th Gunner Oliver Livesey Booth was killed instantaneously by direct shell fire. lie was 41 years of age and was among the first batch of attendants at Winviick Asylum to volunteer for active service abroad. His qualities of never failing cheerfulness and indomitable bravery had endeared him to his comrades at the Front, by whom his loss is sorely felt. I believe I ara right in saying that at the time of his death his name had been recommended for distinction for an act of bravery performed a short time pre- viously:

"Private Wm. Parsonage was only 17 years old at the time of his death, which occurren, on August 3rd from wounds in the chest re' ceived twp days before. He was a member of the Boys" Bible Class and was confirmed three years ago. He was an example of that youthful valour which has brightened the scroll of Eng- lish fair fame in this war—a' young lad with the courage of a man and willing to do a man's. work on behalf of a great cause and to take a man's chances. Both of these we shall still remem- ber mn. our daily prayers, and shall include their bereaved ones in our petitions for those Who are .left behind sorrowful, and yet with the com- fort of knowing that with them all will be well, for their sacrifice was made cheerfully and in a righteous cause."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WOOLSTON.

Private J. W. Owen lll.—lnformation has been received from the Record Office, Shrews- bury, by Mrs. Snell, Hillock-lane, Woolston, that her eldest son, Private John W. Owen:. South Lancashire Regiment, is in hospital al• Salonika suffering from malarial fever. Both Private John Owen and his younger brother, Private Arthur Owen, of the same regiment, served in France before being sent to the Salonika front.

A 2s. RISE.

Rural Council Labourers. To Receive

Extra War Bonus.

At the monthly meeting of the Warringtou Rural District' Council the Rev. A. M. Mitchell moved and Mr. VonOon seconded that the amount of war bonus allowed to labourers employed on the roads should be increased frcro 3s. to ss. per week. The proposal was adopted.

MAJOR ASHTON.

Hopes To He Ready For Duty Again

Shoitly.

At Runcorn Poard of Guardians on Tuesdar: Mr. Hough read a letter from Major G. F• ton thanking the Guardians and Councillors for n their kintl resolutio with reference to 11!.s, wound. "I am pleased to say," he went on, "It is going on splendidly, and I hope to be read/ for duty again in a very short time. I verY much appreciate your kind references." pleased Mr. Mclntyre (chairman): We are all to hear, that Mt. Ashton is making such satis- factory progress. (Hear, hear.)

Labour rids us of three grettt evils---tediouS• ness, vice and pOvetty:

===== 0002601_19160909_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
all to no purpose. My doctor at last held out no hope at all of anything but temporary help. "Then, however, I tried Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, and the change they induced was astonishing. When I had used one box of the pills I felt better, and after a full course I was back at my work without any discomfort whatever.

"It is ten years since my cure by Doan's Pills and I have never had a sign of return- ing liidney trouble.

(Signed) "T. WILSON."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ _

===== 0002601_19160909_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURISED ROMANTIC NOVEL BY ROY L.McCAIZIELL ADAPTED FROM THE SENSATIONAL —FLYING .A:e SERIAL FILM BY ALEC J. BRAID.

riders in this story are purely imaginary living

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

Colonel Arthur Stanleigh and Judge Lamar Stan- leigh, cousins, of Virginia. are bitter enemies over the Possession of The Diamond from the Sky, a massive jewel heirloom found centuries ago in a fallen meteor. Colonel Stanleigh, when a daughter is born, buys the male heir of a gipsy king, that he may keep the jewel. He plans to rear Esther, the girl, in secrecy. Esther and The Diamond from the Sky are stolen by Hagar. the gipsy mother. Years later Hagar returns Esther and the diamond, but of the old group only Dr. Lee is living. Blair Stanleigh kills Dr. Lee and steals the jewel. Blair Stanleigh and Arthur Stanleigh, the false heir, fight a duel. Arthur, thinking he has killed his cousin, flees in a racing motor car. In his mad fight the machine goes over a river bank, and that night the moon shines on a body floating down the stream. . Arthur is found by Esther and Hagar and nursed to health. Hagar tells him his real identity. Arthur swears to make himself worthy of Esther, and leaves taking the diamond, and meets Blair Stanleigh. Blair takes him to a great ball, where they meet Vivian Marston, a New York belle, wearing the diamond. Hagar is there, too, telling fortunes. Vivian has just seated herself when a brawny fore- arm clutches The Diamond from the Sky. ' A greater confusion than that caused by the loss of the diamond arises when the Sheriff of Fairfax ar- rives at the ball and demands the arrest of Arthur Stanleigh. He escapes, partly through the efforts of Hagar, and later finds work and refuge as a farm hand. Luke Lovell drops the diamond into a mail bag. The, gem clings by its clasp to a rent in the bag, and is afterwards found by Quabba, the hunch- back organ-grinder. He does not retain it long, Clarence, his monkey, drops "it in an owl's nest. Arthur, working on a farm as "John Powell," masks himself and goes to the Fairfax tournament, where he wins the highest honour. He is betrayed by Blair Stanleigh, and amid great confusion the young Virginians fight to bar Arthur's escape without avail. Hagar, holding proofs of Blair Stanleigh's guilt, is brutally attacked by the young man, and her mind destroyed. The diamond finds its way to a Chinese opium den, whence Blair steals it. Vivian marries him, and they escape from Tom Blake in a train, which robbers board and take the diamond -- with other jewels and money. Pursued by a- Sheriff's posse, the train robbers lose the diamond and treasure, the latter being found by "John Powell." Later, an Indian squaw finds the diamond, which Luke Lovell purchases, only to lose it through the treachery of a partner. Quabba is injured in an accident, and Blair, by a false message, prevails upon Esther to visit the wounded man. He meets her, and demands the Stanleigh document. The girl defies him, and is attacked. Tom Blake comes to the rescue. "John Powell" has purchased some mines, and Esther, with Marmaduke, go to the mountains in search" of him. -They complete the journey in a coach. A linch-pin breaks, and Luke, now employed by a blacksmith, pretends to, fit a new pin, but, at the instigation of Blair, replaces the broken pin, and the coach falls over a cliff and is smashed. Quabba, finds and loses the diamond.

CHAPTER XV

,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
and have no connection with or relation to any person.]

dress-suit case that had fallen from the crushed and shattered coach.

In this way Esther was borne to the blacksmith's shop. She knew the document was safe from those evil hands under the rock by the coach and, bad as she knew Luke Lovell was, she felt that no great harm would befall her while he was by. But the men were no nearer the secret than before. The document they sought, was not in the suit case they brought from the wreckage. Instead the case contained Marmaduke's belongings, and, cajole or threaten, they could not gain any informa- tion from the girl. Then they tied her to the anvil and locked the shop while they went back to the coach for the case near the dead lawyer. Marma- duke, however, was uninjured, and muttering, "The young lady passenger has gone, and I am jolly well going myself," the bruised man of the law had limped away. _

Alone in the- blacksmith's shop with night fall- ing, Esther summoned her strength to free the bonds. Daring, resourceful Stanleigh blood flowed in the girl's veins, and the terrifying situation did not appal her. Pressing the knotted rope upon a piece of iron still hot , from the forge she held it firmly until the strands gave way. and she was free. Frantically she smote the door, calling for help. S_ _

_ Quabba, mourning his young mistress and be- wailing his fate that he had so strangely found and lost the diamond again, had set out on foot for the mines to find Arthur, but especially to find Esther, his young mistress. It was just at nightfall that he reached the forge, some three miles yet from the mines. It was locked, gloomy, and deserted in the darkness. But from within he heard a voice he recognised—ihe voice of his young mistress calling for help. A sledge-hammer stood by the door. Quabba, seized it and shattered down the door, and soon he was shedding tears of joy as he clasped the hands of Esther. There was no time for explanation now. A look from Esther, and the two sped off through the dark- ness, to be followed a few minutes later by Blair and Luke, returning to find their fair prisoner had been freed and was gone. Over the mountains through the darkness went pursuers and pursued.

_ Dior broke on the other side of the mouqain at the Lady Veronica mines. The hooter at the power- house woke the echoes of the mountain gOrge, rous- ing the sleeping miners. The whistle woke Esther and Quabba where they had slept on the rugged mountain-side a mile away, and it also roused to their evil purposes Blair Stanleigh and Luke Lovell. "That is the mine whistle!" exclaimed Quabba. "If we can reach the mine we shall find Arthur Stanleigh and be safe!" But "John Powell" was now on his way to Santa narbara, where he had arranged to take over a palatial steam yacht. Before leaving he had given orders that the men were to move to the south side of the mine and go on with the work at the new diggings.

Alone in Santa Barbara Vivian Marston was scheming how best she could bring the young mil- lionaire within the meshes of her net. Twice she had met him, once at Mrs. Randolph's ball and again at the Fairfax Tournament. These brief con- tacts were nothing. She felt that to impress Arthur she must throw herself in his way at a time when there would be no distraction to militate against the dramatic intensity of the meeting as she planned it. A daring scheme was formulating in her mind, and that Morning when Arthur left the hotel to go aboard the yacht, waiting in the bay with steam up. Vivian acted quickly. Driving to the wharf she hired a sailing-boat, and steered directly for the yacht. " John Powell " was at the wheel receiving his first instructions from the sail- ing master when to his horror he saw a sailing boat in charge of a woman laying a course directly across the sharp bow of the great yacht.

Scarcely had Esther and Quabba started for the mine than they were seen by Blair and Luke, who were quickly in pursuit. The keen eyes of the hunchback noted the danger, and, seizing Esther by the hand, he turned sharply down the rocky hillside, where the sheds at the mine mouth could be seen at the bottom of the wild gorge far below. Over rock and shrub, down the dizzy hillside, Quabba and Esther fled. But the more sturdy and agile Blair and Luke gained on them. Suddenly Quabba held himself and Esther back with an effort. They had reached the upper an- chorage of the cable carrier across the gorge. Here the empty ore cradle hung 'upon its pulleys, just as the ore strippers at the outcrop left it when sum- moned with other workmen to proceed through the tunnel in the mountains to the new workings on the other side.'

" Quick!" gasped • Quabba, clambering nimbly into the ore carrier, and helping Esther up beside him. Just as the hand of Luke Lovell clutched at the carrier,Quabba lifted the catch, and the aerial tram started across the cable and darted with in- creased momentum over the deep wild gorge and the rocky, Aurbtilent stream roaring beneath. Over the sickening height, borne by the thin line of the cable, went the frightened girl and the devoted Quabba, while the desperate Blair and his gipsy accomplice cursed each other and the flying fugi- tives on their swift and perilous flight. At the lower anchorage on the other side of the canyon the 'aerial tram stopped with a sudden shock that almost precipitatealts occupants to the ground. Recovering. Quabba, and Esther climbed out and hastened around from the tipple tracks and back to the other side of the gorge to the mine mouth. Luke and Blair Meanwhile had plunged down from the upper anchorage of the aerial tramway to the river an forded their way across as-best they could, and reached the other side only to see their qtarry doubling back to the tunnel mouth. But the peril of the fugitives was not yet over. The stronger pursuers were again gaining on them, and the out- look for the two was dark indeed.

(To be continued.)

1C4403a044Q4QQ10 4)4(a)161

===== 0002601_19160909_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
DESPERATE CHANCES.

Blair Stanleigh had long since resolved to spare neither himself nor others in the search for The Diamond from the Sky, and now,he knew of the existence of the document which would reveal the secret so long treasured by enemies of his family. That the replacing of the broken linch-pin would send Esther and the English lawyer to an awful death did not trouble him. The crashing of the coach as it pounded down the hillside .was almost Music to his ears. If ever two men were guilty of Premeditated murder Blair and Luke were, and, eagerly anticipating a scene of death and destruc- tion, they scrambled down the steep hillside to the bottom, where lay the splintered Coach and the bodies of Esther and Marmaduke. But once again a vile plot had miscarried. While waiting for the repair to the wheel Esther caught sight of her two enemies, and although dazed from the shock of the fall of the coach was sufficiently conscious to hide the precious document and feign unconsciousness when the exultant villains came to the smashed coach. She heard Luke Lovell roar angrily: "Hang you, Blair Stanleigh! You knew Esther was in the coach. It wasn't the English lawyer You hired me to kill, then, though he lies dead enough to suit anybody. You tricked me, you gentleman blackguard. I wouldn't have a hair of her head harmed! I'll have your life for this." "I swear I-didn't see the girl; I was in the shop, you know, when the coach was stopped," lied Blair, glibly. "It was the English lawyer I was after. He is going to find Arthur Stanleigh. If Arthur Stanleigh goes hack to Virginia I shall swing for the murder of Dr. Lee." "You lie, and you know you lie," raged Luke. " The girl is dead. She would never look at me, but I have always loved her. I might have been a better man if she had cared for me." "You forget that I am fond of Esther, too," Murmured Blair. "But if she is dead, or if she is unconscious and lives, she will have no thought of you and me," added Main "It is she who has the Proof we seek to make our fortunes, the proof Arthur Stanleigh will give all the millions he has made as John Powell to keep suppressed. Esther has the Stanleigh document." and as he said this Blair stooped_ over 'the seemingly unconscious girl. "Don't you touch herl Don't you lay a hand on her!" cried Luke. " I'll carry her. She isn't dead, thank Heaven."

Esther stirred and sat up. gazing resolutely at them both. Luke picked her up as though she were a child. "You bring her baggage," he said roughly to Blair, and he nodded his head, indicating the

reecoce)ecrecceoceecceeceeceeemmocceeerece,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(0.4

===== 0002601_19160909_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Yee, • ...I ••••••

<44J444QJ4

===== 0002601_19160909_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
444QQ4CP,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
iC)4C)(4)U944,C)(

(Lancashire Section.)

===== 0002601_19160909_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AT LEIGH.

Heavy Reverse After A Promising Opening.

After resting all last season, Warrington visited Leigh on Saturday to play their opening match. Neither team was at full strength, Jolley being absent from the Warrington side, and several for- wards from the Leigh team. There were a few fresh faces in the Warrington team, whereas Leigh had practically all last season's players, in addition to their old half-back, Herbert Ganley, who has been playing with Huddersfield. He undoubtedly greatly strengthened the back division, which was mainly responsible for Warrington's downfall. The home team's passing was brilliant, and although the War- rington men played hard, they were easily out- pointed. Warrington Start Well, But Fall Away. The game started ten minutes late before about 1,600 spectators. Following a free kick against Leigh, Carter secured and started a passing move- ment, Ganley kicking into touch near• the War- rington line. Flom the scrimmage Ganley secured and made a fine bid for the Hike, being stopped, a few yards short. Warrington Managed to clear their lines, but by means of fine passing Leigh were soon back again, and O'Neil might have scored had not a poor pass been given to him. Still keeping up the attack Whalley made a good run, but Higha n brought him down. Following a fine pass- ing movement, O'Neil received, but was pushed into touch near the line, Tvinter clearing With a huge kick. Leigh were now playing hard to open their score. but the Warrington tackling was sound. Warrington had a turn on the attack, their forwards rushing in a body to the home line, where Clark- son picked up finely and cleared. A minnte later Whalley' had to clear- the home line from another big rush br.the visiting men. Ganley broke away in fine style, and after a good run kicked over the full-back's head, the ball rolling into touch. From the scrimmage the hbme backs started a fine pass- ing movement, which ended in Keegan scoring behind the posts, Whalley kicking the goal. War- rington attacked, and by means of short kicking and following up reached the Leigh quarters. Tranter made a high kick over the Leigh line, but Clark- son made the ball dead. Following th?e kick-out. Dainteth made a mark, but Taberner's kick at goal was a, failure. Leigh were hemmed in their quar- ters for some time, but eventually Carter and Keegan broke away, and Grundy joining in the movement, that player seored a fine- try in •the corner, but Whalley's goal kick was a failure. Leigh were soon again attacking, and from another passing movement O'Neil ran in, hut Whalley failed at goal.

Leigh. one goal three tries (11 points); Warrington, nil. Leigh Pile on the Agony.

The game was re-started after a long interval, and Leigh immediately visited the Warrington quarters. Here another passing movement was initiated by Ganley, and O'Neil was stopped on the line. By means of good forward work Warrington cleared their lines for a time, but Grundy. after a fine pass- ing movement, in which O'Neil, Carter, Ganley arid Keegan took part, ran over unopposed. Whalley converted, arid A Warrington were sixteen points to the bad. Leigh were now playing an excellent game, their running and passing being superb, and before the whistle sounded O'Neil, Ganley and Keegan got further tries, Whalley converting two of them. Tranter scored Warrington's only try from a passing bout. Higham failing to convert. Result: Leigt, four goals seven tries (29 points); Warrington, one try (three points). Players and Their

Ganley played well for Leigh, and with him at half-back Mooney combined splendidly. Clarkson also at full-back played a good game, kicking and tackling well. On the Warrington side, Wheeler—who volun- teered at the last moment to take up the full-back position, made vacant owing to Jolley missing his connection from Runcorn—was rather weak. Tranter and Baker did well, and Young and Dain- teth at times combined well together. The teams were as follows:

Warrington: Wheeler, back; iTaberner. Higham. Tranter and Baker. threequarteT-backs; Young and Dainteth, half-backs; Farmer, Cunliffe, , Green, Mathers, Clegg and Dagnall. forwards. Leigh: Clarkson, , back; O'Neil, Carter, Keegan and Grandy, threequarter-backs; Mooney and Gan- ley. half-backs; Boardman, Marsh; Shaw, -Holt, Gotheridge and Whalley, forwards. Referee: Mr. C. Platt (Swinton).

===== 0002601_19160909_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
BROUGHTON AT NVILDERSPOOL TO-DAY.

To-day Warrington are at home to Broughton Rangers, and, given fine weather, a good game should be witnessed. Broughton were beaten at home by Barrow last Saturday by twelve points to five. In the Warrington team Jolley will occupy his usual position at full-back, while Dainteth will leave the half-back position to partner Taberner in the threequarter line. ' Callon will fill the vacant half- back position. The teams will be:— Warrington:,Jolley ; Baker, Tranter, Dainteth and Taberner; Young and 'Callon; Harmer, Cunliffe, Green, Clegg, Mathews and Dagnall. Broughton Rangers (selected from): Blan; Gatley, M'Craith, Barnes, Scott and Cooper; Tighe, Barlow and Robinson; Price, Winskill, Quigley, Torakins, Howarth, Scott, Kearns, Gleave, Ealse and Clam- pitt.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
LAST SATURDAY'S RESULTS.

Barrow, 3 goals 2 tries (12 points); Broughton Rangers, 1 goal 1 try (5 points). St. Helens Recs., 3 goals 6 tries (24 points); St. Helens, nil. Leeds, 3 goals 4 tries (18 points); Bramley, nil. Hunslet, 4 goals 2 tries (14 points); Hull K.R., 2 goals 3 tries (13 points). Hull, 4 goals 5 tries (23 points); Batley, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points). Halifax, 1 goal 1 try (5 points); Wakefield T., 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19160909_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

WARRINGTON WORKING MEN'S ASSOCIATION.

N.A. CENTRE.

The inclemency of the weather upset all calcula- tions last week-end. Members were out for speci- mens at Chirk, Llangollen, Waverton, Hartford, Norton; and the Gowy, and the only fish to be 'placed on record were a perch of llfoz. from Hart- ford, a couple of dace from the Gowy of 9oz. and 81oz., and roach from Chirk ranging up to 10oz. The matches this week will overshadow all other fishing. The headquarters hold their annual match at Newbridge, and we are almost certain it will be a success. This contes is looked forward to as one of the great events of the season, and members are very keen to be amongst the prizes, which this year amount to £lO. A 'bus will leave •the Gladstone Arms at 7.30 a.m., September 10th. No member to Ifish Newbridge length on morning of the match. A.S.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
LIQUID FIRE.

"Liquid Fire as a Weapon" forms the theme of an exceedingly interesting article in the current issue of the bright war chronicle, "The. War Budget." The diabolical contriv- ance is thus .described . "In the earliest models the combustible liquid was propelled by 'a gas-condenser out of a portable or fixed reservoir, and was lighted by some, automatic device as it escaped from the nozzle of the 'projecting instrument. With the instrument described, the flaming jet can make its effects felt at a distance of forty or forty- five yards, btit is not capable of exceeding that range effectively, because ..of the consumption of the liquid in transit. Later, 'a double- barrelled liquid-gun was devised, .having the upper barrel much smaller than the lower, and pivoted so as to turn independently. 'Tlje fluid is shot from he two barrels simultaneously, but only thht from the upper one ignites auto- matically. This small, burning stream is so directed that it unites with the larger, non- burning one at any desired point, and then, of course, ignites the large jet. The small stream is then shut off, the large one continu- ing to flow. The flames do not spread backward along tke.jet toward the nozzle. but are carried forward to the target, and, striking the ground, form a veritable sheet of fire, which continues to ignite the fluid as fast and as- long as it falls."

• Tactless. "The bridegroom was given away by her uncle."—Evening paper. "Some uncles are so tactless."—" Punch."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION. (Lancashire Combination.)

WARRINGTON TOWN.

File Goals Behind In The First Match At Tranmere.

Warrington Town opened the season with a visit to Tranmere. The team the Town fielded Lad but three new names—Billy Siddall, Kendrick and, Eccleston—all local lads. Siddall has been secured from the Eccles Borough Club, with whom he has played for sevral seasons, and has a good repu- tation. Kendrick is cn old Blue Coat School boy and enlisted in n.M. Forces shortly after the out- break of war. Efforts are being made to secure his release frcm the Army each Saturday afternoon tct enable him to assist thp Town team. Eccleston has played for junior teams in Warrington. The Rovers won the toss and kicked off before 3,000. spectators. Immediately the Town took up the attack, `Eceleston and Kendrick making great strides for Gallagher, when ,the home defence robbed them of what appeared to be a certain goal and sent the ball up the field. Soon afterwards the Town resumed the siege, Kendrick; Ditchfield and Aspinall working well together, and many shots were aimed, but Gallagher rose to the occa- sion. Two corners given to the Town were taken by Eccleston) but each sent behind. The Rovers now got to work and harassed the Town defence, the forwards straining every nerve to improve 'matters. but Leah and Cookson were up to the mark and playing soundly.,

Just before the interval the ball was passed out to Millward, who shot with deadly aim. A goal seemed absolutely certain, when the ball t'ot into contact with the features of a Tranrnere defender. This 'wris exceediinly unlucky for the Town. The Rovers, froth the clearance, made a bee-line for kite, when an appeal was ,made .by the Town defence ;for off-side, but was unheeded by the referee. Cookson, seeing the position, rushed in rather vigorously and upset Williamson When he was iust about to " pop " at goal. The action met with the disapproval of the referee, and he awarded the Rovers a penalty, from which Bull scored. Half-time: Tranmere Rovers, 1 goal; Warrington Town, nil.

Aspinall kicked off amid great excitement amongst the crowd, many of whom thought the Town would prove the victors by a substantial mdrgin, but it was soon in evidence who were the fitter team. However, Warrington again attacked, but their shooting was extremely weak. Several exchanges took place and the Rovers were now on their mettle and repeatedly attacked, Moreton and Cunningham standing out very prominently, and Ditchfield was hard pressed and unable to cope with their determined ,efforts. Many times Kite was called upon to handle, and twice or three times only saved at the expense of corners. It was now about twenty minutes off time and it was quite clear the. Town were worn out and could not stay the,course, it being now quite plain to notice the superiority of the Rovers. Their sprightliness and sustained aggressiveness at this stage clearly proved what preparation they had undergone. The Town goal was never out of difficulty, and, as far as the Town was concerned, attacking tactics were finished. All they could do was to save a big score against them. The " tit-bit "of the after- noon was the fourth goal. The Town had managed to raise a gallop and made away to the home goal- mouth, but the ball was returned. Cunningham then gained possession near the half-way line and raced right ,hrotr•li the Town 'team and scored a magnificent goal. \

Final :—Tranroere Rovers, 5 goals; Warrington Town, nil.

REASON FOR DEFEAT: LACK OF TRAINING. Though the Town were defeated by five goals it was only in the last twenty minutes of the game that four of them were registered, but Tranmere were well worthy of the victory. They are a great side this year. That they were the better team was largely due to the fact that during the last four weeks they have put in some useful training and their' manner clearly showed what they had under- gone. They were easily more sprightly than the Town, who, by comparison, , were "by, no means fitted for the fray. The game was full of excite- ment and it kept over 3,000 spectators interested. Warrington, throughout the 'first half, showed up well, and monopolised the play. Many thought that the Town ought 'to have had three goals in the first half; in fact, two were possibly in the net, but did not catch 'the referee's eye. Kite was not in his usual form and was some- times erratic. Leah and Cookson were very sound indeed and never faltered in their play. The half- backs require a good deal of lubricating and could do with a month's training. The forwards played very well. It was Eccleston's trial; one's impres- sions of him are very slight. He may turn out good some day. Kendrick also made his debut and very promising it was, too; he ought to make a tip-topper. As to Aspinall, Siddall and Mill- ward, one need not say anything of their play, except that it was to this trio that the Rovers' spectators began to look for trouble—but, alas, 'twas in vain!

===== 0002601_19160909_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION NOTES.

The football season of 1916-17 opened very quietly in the Warrington district. The Juniors were con- tent in playing trial games in order to help their committees to select their strongest elevens for their opening League games, which commence to- day. Plenty of enthusiasm was shown by players wishing to secure their places.

Members and supporters of the Excelsior and the Stockton Heath Clubs will be delighted that Sam Lloyd, who had previously been one of their lead- ing players, has been given a trial with the Everton Club, and showed such splendid form that he was unhesitatingly selected for the outside right posi- tion in the "Blues' opening League fixture last week at Gigg-lane against Bury. Lloyd gave a very satisfactory display, and if he maintains his present form he should be able to keep his position in the team.

Another local junior, in the person of Harold Eccleston, made his debut in the Combination circles with the Town Club last week at Prenton Park against Tranmere Rovers. His display was very promising, and should ensure him an extended trial. Harold has the necessaiy speed and height in his favour, and when he has a little more experi- ence and gains confidence with -himself he should prove a very useful player for the Town Club. He formerly played for Bank Quay Recs. and the Longford United Club.

Tommy Kendrick is another ' local youth who assisted the Town Club last week and formerly played With the Sacred Heart and ,the Elmwood Congregationalists, but he greatly developed his talents after joining the King's Own, for which team he played with success last season. He gave a very creditable display against the Town Club last season in ihe charity match, when the King's Own were the visitors to the Hood-lane ground.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
V./HAT THE JUNIORS ARE DOING. St. Elphin'F,.

The St. Elphin's team will be well remembered as champions of the Junior League last season. At the close of the season their record in the League was: Matches played, 14; won, 11; lost, 2; drawn, 1; points, 23. They have held a general meeting of their club during the week and the following were elected as officers: Chairman, Mr. E. Clarke; hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr. J. Griffiths, 544, Knuts- ford-road, Latchford; and a committee of five. They have been able to retain the services of Messrs. Miller, Buckley, Gleave and Tither, of last season's team, and have secured the services of Messrl. Tun- stall. England, Cooper and Holden, late of ]'airfield United." Several new players to their ranks include Jones Brothers, Chisholm and Watson, from the Bolton Rugby team.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
Howley United.

A general meeting of the above club was held last week at the Peter-street Dining-rooms, when there was a good attendance. The secretary's report was very satisfactory and showed the club to be in a sound position. Mr. R. Boyle was elected ‘as chair= man; Mr. S. Hayes, treasurer. The hon. secretary is Mr. C. Hongh, Appleton:Toad, Grappenhall. Committee, Messrs. Challoner. Miller, Woodhouse and Ogden. Captain, A. Miller; sub-captain, G. Rowlin son. •

They have been granted permission to play their matches in the Victoria Park.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Latchford Recti.

The Mersey Juniors have held their general meet- ing, when there was a good attendance of members. It was decicled to change the name of the club to Latchford /tees'. and report the same to the League Committee for their approVal. They have signed on fifteen players, and are hopeful of a successful season. Mr. Higham, 8, Derby-street, Warringtbn, was elected as hon. secretary. It will be necessary for the players to give of their best if they wish to keep up the reputation gained by the former Latchford Recs. team.

Penketh Juniors.

At the general meeting of the Penketh Juniors there vms a large and enthusiastic attendance; which showed the keen spirit in which they are entering

flta this season's competition. They arc able to call upon many of last season's men, and have also signed on several promising players to strengthen their team. Their record last season was: Matches played, 13; won, 9; lost, 3; drawn, 1; points, 19. The following gentlemen have been elected as officers: President, Mr. A. Cross; vice-president, Mr. F. Swift; chairman of committee, Mr. F. Ains- worth, and a committee of five; hon. secretary, Mr: F. Finch, Victoria-terrace, Station-road, Penketh.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Orford Juniors.

The above club have got together a very good tcam for the ensuing season, and are going to make a strong effort to improve on their last season's record. Amongst their players are included Fitz- gerald, Austin, Rothwell. Doughty, Griffiths, Bel- shaw, Gibson, Walters, Clare and Jones; committee, Messrs. F. Hall, J. Dagnall and F. Moores; chair- man and secretary, Mr. R. Fitzgerald, 23, Wake- field-street, Warrington. Amongst the new players are Rothwell (late St. Elphin's), a new goalkeeper in J. Cdnley (late Beamont), H. Fitzgerdld (late St. Thomas'), Jones and Rimrner.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Latchford Cadets.

The Cadets last season experienced many difficul- ties as to ground accommodation and several other unforeseen circumstances, and were not able to com- plete their fixtures, but now their membership has been greatly increased and they are doing some very useful work in various ways for the local authorities in aiding the sick and wounded soldiers; and also preparing themselves for duty when called upon. They have decided to re-organise their Football Club to provide some recreation for their members. They nave joined the Warrington and District Junior League again, and elected the following as office- bearers for the season: President, Mr. J. B. Starkey; treasurer, Mr. E. Lee; secretary, Mr. W. Cart- wright, 516, Knutsford-road, Latchford; and a man- agemeit • committee of seven. Of last season's players still available are Smith, Ashton, Jones and Mayers, and amongst the new players are A. Met- calfe for goal, S. Gibson and A. Bradshaw (of St. James'), Williams (Mersey Juniors), R. Cooke (St. Barnabas'), F. Hill (Arpley College), and J. Porter (Lymm Grammar School).

===== 0002601_19160909_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
\I ‘ft Ni\ ORKERS' RECREATION.

Lea wky For Warrington And District.

On Monday night a meeting was held at the Mersey Hotel for the purpose of forming a Foot- ball League to provide some recreation for those who are engaged on munition work in the town and district. There was a fair attendance of dele- gates, and it was decided to call the new competi- tion the Warrinzton and District Alliance.

Owing to the late start with this competition it was decided to play friendly games during the first month, and another meeting will be held at the Mersey Hotel on the 18th to arrange League fixtures to commence in October., ,The entries include clubs in the town, Earlestown and Runcorn, and further applications are invited. The honorary secretary (Pro— tem.) is Mr. J. Smith, 7, Chapel-lane, Stockton Heath, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
TRANMERE AT HOOD-LANE TO-DAY

Tranmere Rovers are to visit Hood-lane to-day, when a strong team will be fielded against them in the hope of reversing the events of last week. The team will be selected from: Kite; Leah, Milward, Cookson; Leigh, Whitfield, Ditchfield; Harold Lee, Siddall, AsPinall, Goodman (Leicester Fosse), Owen, Stubbs, Kendrick and Eccleston Lee and Siddall have the reputation of being the finest right wing in the Combination, and great things are ex- pected of them to-day. Last season they a.iipported Eccles Borough. Lee at one time played for Aston Villa.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
NLVIVEIES HIR TO-DA Y.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE.

St. Elphin's v. Orford Juniors.—St. Elphin's: W. Jones; W. Tunstall (captain), D. Cooper; A. Buck- ley, H. Miller, W. Watson; J. Chisholm, G. Eng- land, A. Tither, A. Jones, J. Holden. Reserve, A. Lawton. Orford Juniors: Conley; W. Doughty, T. Gibson; S. Austin. W. Witten, G. Rothwell; T. Griffiths, H. Fitzgerald, J. Hurst, Jozes and E. Belshaw. Reserves, Rimmer and J. Clare. Highfield Juniors v. Penketh Juniors. Lat:ckiford Recs. v. BewSey Adult School. Howley lif:ited v. Latchford Cadet..

===== 0002601_19160909_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
BO VVLING.

WARRINGTON WORKS' AA! ITEUR ASSOCIATION.

Final Stages In The Annual Handicap.

The annual handicap will be brought to a con- clusion to-day. The cup and prizes will be pre- sented at the close.; together with the cheque for the Prisoners of War Fund.

Appended is the draw for the preliminary and first rounds PRELIMINARY ROUND. 2 o'clock. P. Jefferson (LW) 6 v. J. Andrews (0T) 5. S. Taylor (C) 6 v. J. Wall (LW) 7. L. Caldwell (MH) 7 v. J. Cooper (P & K) 4. T. Coombs (P & K) 5 v. H. Bromley (LW) 4. A. Gleave (F) 1 v. L. Daune (FST) 7. J. Coyne (P & K) 5 v. B. Webb (MH) 4. Ike Waring (C) 7v. W. Bridge (CL) 4. ' R. Tomlinson, (CL) 5 v. A. Holloway (LW) 6.

2.25. ' J. Armitage (P & K) 4 v. J. Woods (C) 7. C. Holt (LW) 4 v. W. Shave (PT) 5. W. Leigh (P & K) 6 v. J. Speight (CA) 5. J. Barlow (P & K) 7 v. W. Meakin (P & K) 5. F. Gray (AA) 4 v. T. Dobson (P & K) 7. T. Jones (WC) 4 v. D. Armitage (P & K) 4. J. Titchard (W) sv. H. Higham (P &K) 2. , J. Morris (WC) 7 v. M. Tobin (WR) 2.

FIRT ROUND PROPER. 2.50.. T. Carter (N) 7 v. A. Gleave (C) 2. J. Armitage (P & K) 4 or J. Woods (C) 7 v. W. Brooks (LW) 6. P. Jefferson (LW) 6 9r J. Andrews (OT) 5 V. F. Casey (F) 1. J. Johnson (LW) 6 v. J. Lawless (RM) 5. R. Tomlinson (CL) 5 or A. Holloway (LW) 6 v. A. Richardson (R) 6.. S. Taylor (C) 6 or J. Wall (LW) 7 v. B. Poole

(C) 7 C. Holt (LW) 4 or W. Shave (PT) 5 v. J. Brand- wood (LW) 5. J. Coyne (P & K) 5 or B. Webb (Mil) 4 v. A. Hackett (P & K) 6. 3.15.

J. Barlow (P & K) '7 or W. Meakin (P & K) '5 v. F. ritch (CA) 4., F. Gray (AA) 4 or T. Dobson (P & KT) 7 v. T. Coomlis (P & K) 5 or H. Bromley (LW) 4. T. Jones (WC) 4 or D. Armitage (P & K) 4 v. J. Craddock (CL) 6. L. Caldwell' (MR) 7 or J. Cooper (P & K) 4 v. S. Leigh. jun. (WO.) 6. A. Gleave (F) 1 or L. Daune (FST) 7 v. W. Spruce (P & K) 7. J. Morris (WC) 7 or M. Tobin (WR) 2 v. Ike Waring (C) 7 ,or W. Bridge (CL) 4. J. Titchard (W) 5 or H. Higham (P & K) 2 v. W.

Goulding (Corp.) 4. W. Leigh (P & K) 6 or J. Speight (CA) 5 v. A Bouchier (P & K) 6. Officials: J. Willett, W. Bridge, R. Smith, J Smith.

INARRINGTON AND IIII'RICT !MATEUR ASSOC' VI lON.

Junior Conservatives Defeat Senior Conservatives Fdr Club Championship. Played at Orford-lane on Saturday. Scores:--

===== 0002601_19160909_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
Seniors W. Barnes

Juniors.

D. Richardson ' 10 R. .Sunderland W. Millington J. Lodge A. Ellison J. Spilsbury ' ll j. Holbrook A. Broady .... '.. .... 20 J. W. Plinston G-. Warburton .. 20 P Curry

A. Scott ••. W. Thompson T. Horrabin T. G. Brooke *

215 Junior Conservative'l; won by 3,

'it HITE HEATHER DAY BOWLING'.

The second round of the 3-aside competition in connection with White Heather Day will' take place next Saturday.

2.30.—Mr. J. Cooper's team v. Mr: J. Holbrook's team; Mr. F. T. Lasliford's v. Mr. J. Middle-

ton's. 2.55.—Mr. T. Mannering's' No. 2 v. Mr. R. Sunder- land's; Mr. H. Bell's v. Mr. J. W. Plinston's. 3.20.—Mr. H. Holbrook's v. Mr. T. Mannering's No. 1; Mr. F. Lunt's v. Mr. H. Whitley's. 3.45.—Mr. T. Drew's v. Mr. B. Isaac's; Mr. T. Conner's v. Mr. T. Horrabin's.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN.

REGENERATED WHEAT,

New Breeds Of Seed That Give Impetus

To Cultivation.

'As soon as the harvest is finished the minds of most agriculturists will be turning towar ' wheat cropping for next year, and, as usu; at this season, Messrs. Gartons Limited, tl well-known seed experts, of Warrington, ha' issued their new catalogue of new and regene) ated breeds of wheats and other autumn sowir seeds. It is an admirable publication in evei way, and we can commend it to the attenti, of all progressive agriculturists. It is admitted on all hands that the adv2n of the new regenerated breeds which have bee) raised by this enterprising firm have brough great favour to wheat culture in this country and there is no doubt that the heavy yieldin,, strong strawed varieties which are so mud superior to the old-fashioned sorts grown year: ago, will help materially to foster the wish, grow more wheat at home. ,Messrs. Gartons give timely advice to farmers to use sulphate of ammonia as a fertiliser at the time of ,sow- ing, and have furthermore impressed upon farmers the desirability of sowing more winter grain (wheats, oats, and baileys). Advantages of Winter Sowing.

It is rightly pointed out in the publication that the Advantages of winter sowing over spring sowing are manifold. In the first place, winter sowing .helps to relieve the pressure of spring work, which is in many cases more than most farmers with depleted staffs can deal. with conveniently at the present time. The latitude of sowing winter grain is much greater than in the case of spring sowing, as sowing can take place practically from I.y. time, when weather permits, from September to February, as many. months in fact as weeks in spring. Just as important is the fact that winter-sown crops of oats and barleys are always ready for harvest- ing before spring crops, and can .Sometimes- even be stacked before .spring crops are cut. Need- less to say, the catalogue gives full particulars of all the firm's . new and regenerated breeds of seeds for autumn sowing, - pre-eminence being given to the firm's latest wheats, including "Benefactor" and "Victor," the • heaviest yielding and best paying wheats at present in cultivation. -

No reader, should fail to read- a copy of this catalogue, -which can be obtained post free on application to the firm's headquarters at War- rington.

•ds ial he ye LI g :ry ,on tit ,t ii r,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN IN AGRICULTURE.

Grants For Farmers Who Will Take Pupils.

The extension of. the work of the Cheshire County Committee for promoting the employ- ment of women in agriculture during the war was -considered at a meeting held in •Crewe this week, when Lord Newton was in the chair. This committee has been working in the county for considerably over a year and it is felt that there is room for development. There is need for closer co-operation between the General Committee and the numerous voluntary workers who are assisting in the villages. The Hon. Secretary . (the I-ion. John E. 'Cross) at the meeting put forward a scheme for the establishment of sub-committees for the Hundreds of Cheshire. This proposal was ap- proved by the committee, and a resolution was Passed at tile meeting advocating the formation of sub-committees. - Steps will therefore be taken to put the new scheme into force as soon as possible. -

The Cheshire Education Authority, in con- junction with the Board of Agriculture and this committee, have arranged three new train- ing schemes on the following lines:— (a) Resident Scheme, whereby farmers .may receive a grant of 12s. per week for two weeks and 10s. per week for four subsequent weeks in return - for providing board, lodging and in- struction in general farm work. (b) Non-Resident Scheme; whereby farmers may receive a grant of 9s. per week for two weeks if he is willing to provide board, lodging and instruction for four weeks.

(c) Milking Scheme.—ln this connection a grant of 7s. 6d. per .head will he made, to ;far- mers willing to provide 30 milking lessons per pupil. Farmers who are willing to assist the com- mittee by; providing the necessary facilities for training should communicate with the lion. John E. Cross, West Hall, High Legh, IC/14s- ford.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Satisfactory Progress.

The training at the Henhull Hall Farm progressing most satisfactorily, and the Farm Manager, under whose supervision the women receive their instruction, iS very Well . satisfied with the ,progress made. Some of these' workers are still available and further particulars may also be obtained from the Hon. Secretary. Mr. Cross reported that he-had received most encouraging letters from some of the students trained at Henhull who were proving to be of real use to farmers in the present, emergency.

Reader says:

• s N . . - . . ~ : ..)U i , - .• • .. . -• • • . . . . . r' ' - 4 4 • , e --"Nlidra . , .. -----,..... 4,,,,, ..... , ..., -, , --,w,.., --e-,-.. :r.. 1. • -.4 1 .• -- 4 ~..74,,, . -:,,` --.a-•=2.--.-. .r.`. • • 1.--‘-• • ~-....-',..4.,.. 1 ,f: 11.--.. ---------- 1 ,I '.--- - . . ! . 1-: --e r - ::-- ' I - . ... r ' 1 C.‘" 0 ~ 7 1 ' I ,11 ' -; - •=1.7 -:77:-; --,..,711.- . i - _ _ _ -. : ' , ..--, '1 a - -z' ; ' E.; . - - -'-v--- _. - 4 ..., • - ' M :-3: :: 5 1 ,•.,.. : - .. . t ..1..,77, "%. • . f•-•,-;- , - • -,,,,,.. - ...', ..- A

===== 0002601_19160909_art0147.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IN THE GARDEN.

: •

===== 0002601_19160909_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
STORING FRUIT.

Underground stores are best for maintaining fruit in sound condition over the longest period, and these, provided % with a span roof and a double range of shelves, are easily made at the minimum of expense. Cellars, if not damp, also serve as fruit stores—in fact; so long as darkness, and an 'even, cool temperature can be provided, it matters litho- whether the structure is one specially built or merely adapted. Draughts are inimical to the proper keeping of fruit, so that whatever means are designed for securing ventilation, they must be such as will serve to renew the atmosphere without a sudden inrush of cold air. If pack- ing material is used to line the shelves, it must be of a nonjheating character—clean, hi rd- stemmed straw is better than anything, and it should be laid lo4ly but evenly, and .the fruit spread in a single layer upon it. The less juicy varieties of apples can be •spread in g double layer to economise space, and the latest kinds will take no harm if heaped one foot deep provided that air can pass between them. This is secured by liaving the shelves made in- wooden slats. Fruit in store must be examined at frequent intervals, as. no matter how care- fully it has been looked over in the first in- stance, •a few damaged specimens are sure irc be included. The decay-spores on over-ripe fruit are exceedingly active, and are readily carried on the faintest breath of air to spread Ithe infection elsewhere.—" Farm and Home."

Fine for Insomnia. " I picked up that latest book of yours last night and I never budged out of the chair until four o'clock this morning." "Did you find it so interesting?" "No; but I didn't wake up until that time."

MNII-94

Said everywhere in boxes, labelled is-3d and 3s-Od.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
11 - .. s..' . , , • - .., . ti„. ..• , . .. . 1-- ''.o r! •tx ft' , •• ,z, V 1 I 1 ' . 4 f , • 7,1 ~. f. p. , t... .., • %, -.L

Is an ex-

cellent

tonic

there is nothing like it for the "blues."

E. If the War makes you feel de- pressed read "PUNCH"

===== 0002601_19160909_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
,•• .•

tt t, • ,*

I • ~f

,_

-, 'lll :*,,-,,,, ,1.,,t,, ..„. ....,,,„,, i ~.,„., „4.,/, ~ , ~ i'',3:'.,:„ , -'I ' -'i,:•.l.:' r --' - ' ~..t. %, .-.--

wi-'''';".. ‘,:lf. i'' -,'' 4

I

I

===== 0002601_19160909_art0151.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• t • -P. • t • :

===== 0002601_19160909_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
1 -.F.i. 1 Ifp, .., .

!;.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
-"m"i;;Nf!ittl4 icuie

SALES BY AUCTION

TAYLOR, CHALMERS & CO., AUCTIONEERS AND VALUERS. ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENTS. 15, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Vales by Auction, Valuations for Probate, Sale, sr Mortgage, Rents Collected. Tel. No. 228.

By Mr. H. B. HOUGHTON.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. EXPIRATION OF LEASE.

TO BE SOLD BY , AUCTION BY Mr. H, B. HOUGHTON, On THURSDAY,'the 21ST SEPTEMBER, 1916, at "The Church Room," Stockton Heath, ALL THAT BUILDING

known as "THE CHURCH ROOM," situate in Victoria-square, Stockton Heath. Further particulars may be had from Mr. William Mclntyre, The Red Lion, Stockton Heath; the Auctioneer, 1, Suez-street,'Warring- ton ; or

ROBERT DAVIES 8; CO., Solicitors, Warrington.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER SERIES OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES:-

THE THE THE

WARRINGTON EXAMINER, RUNCORN EXAMINER, WIDNES EXAMINER.

THB EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER. REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS OR THE " WANTED " AND "ON SALE" CLASS ItIRE INSERTED IN ALL THE ABOVE MENTIONED NEWSPAPERS FOR ONE CHARGE ON THE FOLLOWING SCALES:-

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 .. 6d. .. is. 3d. .. 2e. Od. 31. 9d. 24 .. 9d. .. is. 10d. .. 3e. Od. Sc. Od. 02 .. la. Od. 2s. 6d. .. 4e. Od. 7e. 6d. 40 .. Is. 3d. .. 3s. id. Od. .. Ss. 9d. 48 .. is. 6d. .. Be. Bd. .. 6e. Od. .. 10s. Os.

Domestic Servants.

COOKS and HOUSEMAIDS Wanted for Clitheroe, Keighley, Scarborough; private houses; good places.—Deuchar's Registry, Upsall, Thirsk.

C OOK-GENERAL Wanted, £l6; also Waitress and many Superior Generals.—Apply Miss Hudson, 27. Church-street, Warringtcm. GENERAL (good, experienced) Wanted; fond of children; wages 10/-.--1/andley, Springfield, Church-road, Urmston.

CAENERAL Required; small family; no wash- ing; comfortable home; good wages.—" W.," Mayfield House. Mauldeth-road. Heaton Mersey, Manchester. -

GENERAL SERVANT Wanted; no washing; N-31 state age and wages.—Mrs. Smith, 97, Eger.- ton-road, Withington, Manchester.

fl ENERAL SERVANT Wanted; 18 to 22 years; good references; able to wash and take all if necessary; good home; good wages and liberal outings.—Write Mrs. Newton, 5, Prestwood-road, Pendleton, Manchester.'

===== 0002601_19160909_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
CAENERAL SERVANT (good) Wanted; refer- ences required.—Apply Mrs. Greenwood, St. Paul's Vicaragp. Leigh. GENERAL (good) Wanted, 18-20; family 3; no children; references required.—Mrs. Randall. 56 Clarendon-road, Egremont. Cheshire. GENERAL Wanted; some cooking; nurse and furse-housemaid kept.—Mrs. Walker. St. Mary's Vicarage, Rochdale. GENERAL SERVANT Wanted; family of two: Churchwoman; references; comfortable home.—Partington Vicarage, near Manchester. GENERAL (good) Wanted, Pctober Ist, for Southport; comfortable home; three ladies; no washing.-79, Windsor-road, Southport. GENERAL SERVANT Wanted; good charac- ter; good wages.—Apply Mrs. Pascoe, 3, Jor- dan-street, Preston. GENERAL (experienoed) Wanted; two in family; no washing.—Apply Mrs. J. H. Rams- bottom, Craigmore, Clitheroe, Lancashire.

GENERAL Wanted; small family; excellent situation in Warrington; wages 22 to £24. Apply Miss Hudson, 27, Chu.ch-street, Warrington. GENERAL HELP (good, strong) Wanted for farmhouse; to live as family; good home to capable person • £ 20.—R. G. Beyer, Knypersley End Farm, Biddulph, Staffs.

+HAL Wanted, 18-20; fond of children; washing.—Mrs. W. Berry, Oakfield. Offer- ton-lane, Stockport. • GENERAL (experienced) Wanted at once; good wages.—Apply Mrs. McMurdo, 58, Doug- lairroad, Acocks Green, Birmingham. GENERAI (young) Wanted; help given; good home; liberal outings; references.—Whittle, •14. Lea-road, HE aton Moor. Stockport.

rtIRL Wanted for business house at Heswall; 131 good home.—Apply Meakin, confectioner, Tele- graph-road, Heswall, Cheshire.

HELP or GENERAL Wanted; 2 in family; no washing; 20.—Write School, 25, Moorland- road, Didsbury. Manchester.

HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS Wanted; good situation centre of Warrington; wages 24. Apply Miss Hudson, 27, Church-street, Warrington. T_TOUSEMAID Wanted (20 to 2.5 years); refer- ences required.—Mrs. J. Briggs-Bury, Poulton- le-Fylde.

T_TOUSEMAID-WAITRESS Wanted; £2O to .11 24 ; good, reference; family 2.—Mrs. Clifton, Mile End, Stockport.

H— - - - OUSE-PARLOURMAID Wanted, end of September; wages according age and experi- ence.—Apply Mrs. Knatchbull, Longford Rectory, Newport, Salop.

H- - - OUSE-PARLOURMAID Wanted; experi- enced and trustworthy; one lady.—Address Miss Nettlefold, S. Farquhar-road, Edgbaston, Bir- mingham.

ITCHENMAID Required; wages commence at £2O per annum, with board, lodging, wash- ing, and uniform.—Apply, in the first instance by letter only, to the Superintendent, County Asylum, Prestwich, Manchester. LADY offers Comfortablel Home to Mother's Help or Superior Q•eneral; 2 children; all duties; R.C. preferred.—Mrs. Remick, 5, Chretien- road, Northenden, Cheshire.

L.AIINDRYMAID Required.—Apply House- keeper. Royal Infirmary, Manchester. MAID Wanted, about 25, for general, house- work; family three; extra help two days weekly; 7/- to capable maid; reference required.— Write A.B• , "Examiner" Office, Warrington. NURSE',experienced young children; not under 28; good wage.—Mrs. Walker, St. Mary';; Vicarage, Rochdale. VIARLOURSIAID Required, age 22 to 28, Church of England, for country situation; small family.—Apply, stating age, wages, experi- ence, Mrs. 'Braiidon, The Heath, Sandbach, Cheshire. I.

Two clean, ,canabie GIRLS Wanted at once, 23 or 25. one as Housemaid, one as General; must be early risers; £lB.—Apply Housekeeper, -St. Mary's College, Holywell. N.W. WANTRD, Active, Healthy, Micrdle-aged Woman as Help; work partly attending to invalid person; references required.—Mrs. Black- burst, Roecroft Farm, Vines Walton, near Preston. WARDMAID Wanted; salary £l4 to begin, and uniform.—Apply Matron, Consumption Hospital, Bowdon. YOUNG

_ Wanted immediately to ass* kJ.. Cook-housekeeper; state age, salary.—The Mount, South Reddish, Stockport.

Sale By Private Treaty.

FOR SALE, BY PRIVATE TREATY, the DWELLING-HOUSE and SHOP. No. 684. Rnutsford-road, Warrington, with the Workshop and Garden in the rear. Rent £35. There is sufficient vacant land for a considerable extension of the existing busir ess premises. The property is Leasehold at an annual ground rent of 4 ss. J. LONGLAND, Solicitor, 2. Egypt-street. Warrington.

Situations Vacant.

CIRK Required iu. Royal Engiueer Office, 'Orford Barrack, Warrington. Pay 28/- pet week. Soldier dischatged as being unfit for fur- -I.her military service preferred.—Apply to Division Officer.

EXPERIENCED LADY and APPRENTICE Wanted as Sales hands to costumes.—Apply J. Atkinson and Sons, Ltd., 18, Winwick-street, Warrington.

F---------- ARN WORTH Fever Hospital, B.OTE7— O-17 Wanted, at once, a Probationer; must be strong and educated; salary 16- £ 18- 22.—Apply to the Matron, with photograph and references. RESPECTABLE Young Person, for washing and cleaning, 4 days a week.-66, Eiewsey-road, Warrington.

1119IIBLIC-HOUSET---GlETlVanted, housework and her; good home and wages; references re- quired.—Whitta.ker. Imperial Hotel. St. Petersgate, Stockport. MAXI DRIVERS-aTßequired; must be good drivers.—Apply Lake, Lion Garage. W—A—SVER—Required for Taxi Cabs and to learn driving: ineligible.—Lake. Lion Garage WANTED, highly respectable Traveller for Credit Drapery; liberal wages for competent man.—Write Box T., "Examiner" Office, W ar- rington.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0155.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

===== 0002601_19160909_art0156.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19160909_art0157.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19160909_art0158.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Education.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0159.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Motor Vehicles.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0160.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Eggs, Poritr3, &e.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0161.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
To Be Let.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
Shops, Businesses, &e.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0163.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Money.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
A RE YOU WILLING TO PAY 4e. in the .LIL INTEREST for Money for Twelve Months?

I LEND MONEY ON THESE TE.ltilEi. A £5O Loan will cost you 210 for 12 months; a 2100 Loan will cost you £2O for 12 months—other amounts in proportion. I do not advertise ridicu- lous terms, such as is. in the X, which usually means for a period of one month. My terms are in plain English-4s. in the 2 interest for 12 months

GUARANTEE YOU ABSOLUTE PRIVACY. and Loans are arranged WITHOUT SECURITY OR SURETIES. All applications receive my personal attention. and loans can be granted on the same day as applied for. If desired business will be completed through the post: I am'the Actual Lender, TRADING IN MY OWN NAME (not assumed or styled as a Bank or, Company): you have, therefore, no commissions or fees to pay. 'A. D. DENNY, 6 and 7, -PALL MALL, MANCHESTER. 'Phone 6819 City. Telegrams: "Moderate. Manchester."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1916.

Medical.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE COURTS.

FINED FOR KEEPING UNLICENSED PIGEONS.

Inspector Moffatt told the magistrates at the County Petty Sessions on Wednesday that the military authorities had instructed him to take proceedings in a charge against a young fellow named George Risley, of Warrington-road, Penketh, for keeping homing pigeons without a licence and removing them from WaiTington to Penketh without a permit.

The defendant pleaded guilty. Mr. F. A. Frost (chairman) said that under the Defence of the Realm Regulations defend- ant could be fined £lOO and given six months' imprisonment, but he would only be fined 20s. on this occasion. These regulations were very seriously made and the magistrates must up- hold them.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
A MARE'S SORES.

Though Mr. Arthur Browne, solicitor, arguefl on behalf of Messrs. W. and J. Richardson, coal merchants, that the sores had healed but broken out again while the animal was walking, George Blease, of 37, Wakefield-street, was fined 55., and 'Jesse Roberts, foreman horsekeeper, of 57, Price-street, was fined 10s., for ill-treating a mare by working it in an ,unfit condition. Inspector Bonham, of the R.S.P.C.A.. proved the charge, stating that a sore as large as a half-crown was being rubbed by the collar, and another like a florin was under the saddle. Mr. Browne poinbed out that the company took great care of their horses, and that was the first time they had been concenr,d in a Case of that character. They wanted to maintain the good reputation they had got.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKING IT TOO HOT FOR SLACKERS.

"We are making Warrington too hot for these men," remarked Captain McPhail, at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, with refer- ence to three men of no settled abode, charged with failing to report for service before Auguit 31st. He added that such nien usiially went from town to .town as each place became too hot for them. Finding no one would employ them, they had been compelled to come to the Police Station, but ought to have done so before. In two of the cases fines of 10s. were imposed, but' all three prisoners' were handed over to the military authorities.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
ZEPP FINES.

For failing to subdue lights, the following were fined at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday :—Joseph Caldwell, 157, Winwick-road, 10s.; William Green, 136, Ellesmere-street, 55.; and Louis Lewis, 104, Winwick-street, 20s.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
COST OF LIVING AND OLD-AGE

PENSIONS.

At Tuesday's meeting of Runcorn Board of Guardians a letter from the West Ham Guard- ians asked for support of this resolution: "That as official records agree that the Turchasinc, power of a sovereign in the case of food stuffs has been reduced by at least 50 per cent., the Government be called upon to increase the old- age pension to a maximum of at least 7s. 6d.; that the receipt of Poor Law relief shall not disqualify old-age pensioners from continuing to receive a pension; that in the case of old-age pensioners receiving assistance in Poor Law in- stitutions the pensions to be paid to the Guard- ians concerned towards the cost of the mainten- ance of the pensioners.

Mr. Wright moved that the resolution be sup- ported. Mr. Linaker, seconding, said the Government were taking this matter into consideration. They could, however, signify their approval of the object of the resolution. The resolution was approved.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKHOUSE INFIRMARY.

Transformed Into Military Hospital

At Dutton.

The 'newly-appointed Military Hospital Com- mittee, of which Mr. C. E. Linaker is chairman, has already held two meetings, and on Tuesday ,reported progress to the Runcorn Board of Guardians. Their minutes stated that the Local Government Board had written approving the Proposal to hand over the Infirmary to the Military Authorities for the accommodation of wounded soldiers, and expressing their, appre- ciation of the patriotic action of the Guardians. A letter had also been received from the mili- tary Authorities undertaking to be responsible for the cost of equipping the Hospital with beds, bedding, &c. and for the wages of the staff, but intimated that they would not be respon- sible for any payments to the Matron, Medical Officer, Master, or additional clerical staff. It was decided by the committee that Mr. Leonard Ratcliffe be appointed, officer in charge of the Military Hospital; Mrs. E. J. Parsons, matron; and Dr. T. J. Selby, medical officer. The committee further appointed a' charge nurse, a night nurse and assistant nurses, an assistant cook, wardsmaids and scrubbers, and completed arrangements for the supply of meat, groceries, and other necessaries. Fittings for the Hospital were also provided. Mr. Woodward asked how many beds it was proposed to have in the Hospital, and the Clerk said seventy or seventy-two. Mr. Woodward said in that case he thought that another medical man should be associated with Dr. Selby, and he suggested that Dr. Bowers be asked to assist. •I • Mr. Linaker said that was the intention of the committee, and with this addition the i.minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
A Timely Appeal.

It is expected that Inmates for the new Host pital will begin to arrive in about a week's time. Although the :matter was not mentioned at the Board meeting, it should be known that the Military Authorities do riot provide cigar- ettes, tobacco, or other little luxuries. Mrs. E. J. Parsons, the matron, therefore makes An appeal to the generously Inclined for gifts of this nature.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
To-morrow.

No one ever sinks under the burden of to-day; it is always the to-morrow and yesterdays that overwhelm us. If it pere not for the sorrows of the past and our fears and anxieties for the future, we could very well bear to-day's cares and do its work. Every day holds its strength and its compensations as well as its troubles, but it has no provision for that which does not belong to it. All the journey, through the heaven-sent manna must be gathered morning by morning.—" Great Thoughts."

This week several sdmirers from the audience have handed her boxes of chocolates, which have led her to remark that last year during six weeks she spent in Dublin, admirers troubled the conductor to pass along to her no fewer than 105 boxes. The following week at Cork, where a large number of troops were stationed, the front rows were crowded with officers, she received no fewer than 130 of 'these tasty souvenirs. Not being a mere sweetmeat digester, and, moreover, having a kind dis- position (at one time her parents resided in Warrington). Miss Allen sent many pounds along to the hospitals..

. . A masterpiece of stage production is to be seen next week, when "Sealed Orders.." will be the order. It has many scenes and is a drama of topical moment. Dramatic incidents succeed one anothir incessantly. Everything is on a grand scale, and the show will be the talk GC the town next week. Mi. IT.. L. Warburton,-tho manager, is to be highly congratulated on his enterprise, for we have had a splendid series of productions since he took charge.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
STAGE AND KINEMA.

Royal Court Theatre. As I foreshadowed last week, " Knick- Knacks " has turned out a highly popular revue. With a first-class cast, well-contrived episodes, and a real beauty chorus (not alleged) it has gairml very pleasant effects all weop.-

Mr. George Hestor is a comedian of parts. He has had long experiences on the stage, hav- ing played in all sorts of theatrical works. On one occasion, through other members of a com- pany falling ill, he played no fewer than seven parts in the " Silver King" in one night—" a bit of a record I should think," he remarked when telling me of the incident. Until three weeks ago, when he took a fortnight off to rest at his bungalow on the Thames, Mr. Hestor had not had a holiday for seventeen months.

"This .revue, he says, "has always gone strong. In my opinion, revues will last as long as the war lasts. The reason is that they are light and airy, and take people out of them- selves. But after the war. when all the boys come back and the old family 'life is, resumed, the good old drama will come into its own again."

As the leading lady, Miss Beatride Allen has scored with eminent success. She has been with the company ten weeks, coming here from "This is the Life" to succeed Miss Ouida McDermott. Three years' experience in revue has sealed her fame as an ,artiste. At Christ- mas time she usually plays principal boy, last year being at the New Queen's Theatre, Man- chester.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
Palace and Hippodrome.

Although poetry sometimes plays a very im- portant part in love affairs, a potted musical breach of promise case is a decided novelty. With its presentation by Mr. Charles Hutchins's company Of entertainers, "The Q's,", everyone seemed pleased, except the defendant, who was mulcted in a thousand pounds damages. Quito a humber of lines of popular songs were appropriately introduced into the burlesque. Up-to-date marionettes are cleverly worked. Human heads surmounting diminutive bodies make a most diverting show. As vocalists The Q's attain marked excellence.

The ,Miles-Stavordale Quintet perform on sweet-timed instruments of the mandoline-banjo type, which reproduce the human voice with remarka.)le accuracy and effect. One of the number is an accomplished harpist.

Rene Ralph has made a special hit with her cheery ballad which she sings with much spirit, "Pack up your troubles in your old kit bag and smile, smile, smile." The house chorused vigorously. ,

Jack Walsh, who-styles himself a little bunch 'of comedy, deserves the appellation. , Nothing could catch on, better than his funny contribu- tidn, "What a pal!" Clifford and Grey, clever hoop jugglers; Agda and Company, novel acrobats; and Amos Howard, the dancing darkie, all met with approval. The Hippodrome pic- ture this week is exceptionally interesting,' showing the ghastly battle ground of Neuve Chappelle—a desolate, dreary Prb4pect with those terrible waterlogged trenches where so many of our :gallant lads fought and fell. ,

It was pleasing to hear the hippodrome orchestra, under Mr. T. H. Hulley, applauded so vigorously for their .selections. It was well deserved. Quite 'a feature of the interval was Mr. J. Crabtree's Piccolo solo, " L'Oiseau du Bois." It was rendered with much vivacity and skill.

Another splendid programme is to be pro- duced next week, several well-known artistes being included in the programme. We are to have some -singing by Rosie and Mons Dubin, the last named being a famous Russian tenor. Joe and Betty Binns are to present us with comedy as well as music. Alcide Capitaine is to give a study of grace and physical culture, while the fun will be supplied by George Hyam. Others included in the programme are "Three Bros. Huxter," Lillie Langtry, a smart comedienne; Doris, a young violinist; and Monty McVean, a Scotch character vocal comedian.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
Klnemas.

There is now showing at the Star Kinema Heuse, Church-street, a fine comedy, "The Submarine Pirate," featiqing. Syd Chaplin. It it the first Triangle film to be shown in War- rington, and is attracting crowded houses. For the first half of next week we are to have that much talked of film, "The Battle of the Somme." Seats are now being booked and patrons should 'consult our advertisement columns for extra times .of showing. For the latter half a thrilling 'drama, "The Golden Chance," will be screened.

At the Grand Electric Theatre,. Florence Turner is now appealing in "Doorsteps," along with a fine film entitled, "A Child of the Wilderness," depicting jungle life. During the first half of net week Blanche, Sweet will be the central figure in a fine picture, ". The Secret Orchard," and the -fifteenth episode of the "Diamond From the Sky" will also be shown. For the latter half "Man and His Soul" is the title of the picture which will top a fine programme.

"No Greatier Love and the sixth adventure of "Terence O'Rourke" are the " star " pi.. tures now being shown at the Pavilion, Sankey Green. For the first half of next week a lovely exclusive photo play is annolinced, entitled "The Miracle of Life," along with the fifteenth

About 150 Cadets paraded, the following companies being represented,i—St. Clement's, St. Elphin's, St. Paul's, Padgate, and Earles- town; with the officers: Major T. A. Brookes, Major Ford, Captain Bunch, Captain Simpson, Lieutenant Morris, Lieutenant Toft, Sergeant- Major Goodwin, and Instructor Essenhigh. The Band of the St. Paul's Company was in attend- ance.

Colonel Buckton was received with a general salute and after prayers he inspected the Bat- talion in line. Then followed company drill, arms inspection, Swedish drill, and signalling and ambulance work, the two latter by sections from St. Paul's Company. ‘Colonel BUckton, addrefssing the Cadets, said although he no longer lived in Warrington, he always • took the kindest interest in the work of the Battalion to which he was nominally attached. He wished to say how pleased he• Was to see the lads looking so smart and soldierly in their khaki uniforms- The drills were, ex- ceptionally well done. He had inspected lads and' men on many occasions and had never seen a steadier parade. Having impressed upon them the significance of their uniform—the same as that worn by the men at the Front— he urged them to stick to their work.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
episolle of the "Diamond From the Sky." The chief pictures for the later half will be "Her Heart's Desire" and the seventh adventure of "Terence O'Rourke."

===== 0002601_19160909_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
Liverpool Olympia.

" Razzle Dazzle," the super revue, is coming to Liverpool on Monday, opening at the Olympia. Rightly described as the most stupendous spectacular production ever staged at Drury Lane, " Razzle Dazzle" will astonish the provinces as it has London by its magnifi- cence. " Razzle Dazzle" is a revelation In revue, and a top-notch effort. Liverpool's " Razzle Dazzle" will be an exact replica of the original which is now playing at.the Empire Theatre, London. The chief comedian will be Herbert Darnley, whose fun making propensities are widely .known theatreland. It was Mr. Darnley who wrote all Dan Leno's greatest successes. Beauty will be represented by the ever-charming Edna Morgan, and the other lady principals will be Gladys Wise, Nellie Sheffield and Violet Cooney. There are also to be 150 of Britain's most beautiful chorus girls.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
THE C.L.B.

Colonel Buckton's inspection In

Drill Hall.

Colonel J. D. Buckton, Hon. Colonel of the Warrington Battalion C.L.B. Cadets, having expressed a desire to see the lads in their khaki pniforms,, a parade was held on Wednesday evening in the Drill Hall. Amongst friends present were the Revs. E. Downham, J. M. Buckmaster, B. Schofield, J. Hirst and H. Mill- ward; and/ Messrs. C. E. Bunch, H. Sme- thurst and F. G. Kirtland. 1

===== 0002601_19160909_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO CAPTAIN BUNCH.

A meeting of officers was subsequently held, when Colonel Buckton complimented them on the parade and drill, which were exceedingly creditable.

The Battalion officers took the opportunity of presenting CaPtain Bunch with a handsome piece of cut-glass, silver-mounted table ware, on the occasion of his recent marriage. The gift was presented by Colonel Buckton, and Captain Bunch expressed his appreciation and thanks in a fe* well-chosen wo*ls.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. JOSEPH ADAMS.

Death 01 Wife Of Well-known Medical

Practitioner.

Much regret has been occasioned by the death, after a short illness, of Mrs. Adams, wife of Dr. Joseph Adams, 93, Bewsey-street. Early in last week she was apparently in her usual health, but illness came suddenly and she passed away on Saturday night. Of too retiring a nature to be prominent in the town, Mrs. Adams was; however, highly esteemed by a large circle of friends. She came to Warrington about 33 years ago, when the doctor started to practise here soon after their marriage. 'She was born in Edinburgh 58 years ago. As a vocalist and pianist, as well as a conversationalist, she was an interesting hostess, and her friendship was much valued. For many years she attended St. Paul's Church, but latterly worshipped at Holy Trinity Church. The interment took place in Lymm Church- yard on Tuesday, afternoon, the ceremony being conducted by the Rev. E. C.- E. 'Carleton, vicar of Holy Trinity Church. The principal mourners were: Dr. Adams (husband), Mr. Harvey Orr Adams (son), Miss Adams and Mrs. Jackson (St. Helens); daugh- ters; Mrs. Alec Harman (cousin), Mr. Spencer Adams (brother-in-law), Mr. Gilbert P. Simp- son (uncle), .Lieutenant F. W. Jackson, M.C., and Miss Bsme Jackson, Mr. and Mrs. Rowley Orr, Colonel and 'Mrs. Rochefort Battley, Mr. T. A. Mosse, Nurse Ruth, Dr. Langdale (de- ceased's , medical attendant), Dr. Peaeocke, the Rev. H. V. Pigot (rector of Grappenhall), Cap- tain I. Stott, Mr. William Stephens (chauffeur) and Mrs. Stephens, Master Stanley Stephens, and Mr. J. Gerrard.

The following sent wreaths: Dr. Adams, Miss Adams, Mrs. Jackson, Mr. Harvey Adams, Colonel and Mrs. Jackson, Lieutenant F. W. Jackson, M.C., Miss Jackson, Lieutenant- Colonel and Mrs. Harman and family, ,Mr. Spencer Adams, Mrs. Balmain, "Minnie And Nettie," Mrs. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. W. Stephens, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Gerrard, "Laura and _Mau," Dr: and Mrs. Langdale, Mrs. Will- 'cocks, Dr. and Mrs. Peacocke, Mr. and Mrs. Bradbury, Dr. and Mrs. Hodgkinson, the staff of the Tower Auxiliary Hospital (Rainhill) Mr. , and Mrs. F. Parsonage and family, Mrs!' and ' Miss Holloway, the Misses Reid (St. Helens), Mr. and Mrs. Whitehouse, Dr. and Mrs. Seager, Mrs. W. B. Roberts, Miss Ellison. Dr. and Mrs. Bowden,. the Misses Fairclough (Barryfield), Mr. G. Holman K. Kingdon and Mrs. Kingdon, Mr. and Mrs. Bowman, Mr. Benlian, the Ser- vants qf 3, Cornwall-terrace, Regents Park, London; Dr. and Mrs. G. W. N. Joseph, Mr. and. Mrs. A. V. Baxter, Colonel Brereton Fair- dough, C.M.G., and Mrs. Fairclough, Mr. and Mrs.-H. Roberts, Mrs. James Fairclough, Miss Fairclough, Mrs. G. Braide, and Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Wheeler.

At the meeting of Runcorn Rural District Council on Tuesday, Mr. T. Antwis presiding, a letter was received from Dr. Joseph Adams, medical officer, stating that his wife had died on' the previous Saturday, after a fctw days' illness, and that the funeral would take place that day at Lymm. The Council expressed their deep i sympathy with Dr. Adams n his sorrow.

Indifferent to Complaints.

Learn to hide your aches and paints under a pleasant smile. Few care whether you have the earache, headache, or rheumatism.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY TRIBUNALS.

SERVED IN BOER WAR.

Buiider To Serve In European

War Also.

Dr. Joseph (Deputy Mayor), Alderman Tinnion and Messrs. F. A. Frost, J. J. Whitley and W. Bradbury composed yesterday's Tri- bunal in the Town Hall. Several appeals on be. half of young single men were refused. Mr. T. S. gteel, solicitor, appeared for two brothers who carry on the business of build- ing -Contractors. One is 39 years of age and unmarried, and the other is 38, married, with one child. At the outbreak of war they had 42 men employed, and noiV they have only eight. ,The elder brother's duties are those of buyer, casting up hills of quantities, measuring and settling all contract work with the archi- tects. He has also-the general internal manage- ment of the business and acts as book-keeper, there being no clerical staff. The other brother is the outside manager, who has control of the men and general supervision. The foremen had all gone, and the brothers had to act in that capacity. Both had been through the South African War—one had been in the Volun- teers for 15 years and the other for six years. One of the applicants said the business had been built up during the past 18 nears, and they had bath served their country once. They were entitled to consideration with other firms who have two left to carry on this class of business. The married partner was granted conditional exemption, but the other appeal was dismissed. Expiring Badge.

A pattern-maker in a Warrington • firm, engaged on war work, and whose certificate and badge expire on the 12th September, asked for exemption. He is 37, married, and with two children and widowed mother to. support:—The Tribunal conditionally refused the appeal—that was to say he would belong to the Army, but would probably, remain at his present work.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
Refused.

Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, solicitor, appeared for a married man, aged-28 years, employed in the grocery and provision trade, who applied for exemption for domestic reasons.—The appeal was refused.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
Well-known Footballer.

The licensee of a public-house who is also a well-known footballer, again appealed for exemption.—The application was refused. The proprietor of three pawnbroking estab- lishments appealed for exemption for the man in charge of the shop in Knutsford-road. He had formerly six asistants employed, but four had gone into the Army.—Conditional exemption was granted—man to join the V.T.C. or serve as Special Constable. Further Exemption.

A master clogger, aged 21, who had been exempted until August 31st, told the Tribunal that he had only one man working for him. He cduld not get apprentices because boys were being paid better in munition works.— Further exemption was given until Ist October. Messrs. J. B. Johnson and Co., a firm of plasterers, appealed on behalf. of a foreman plaster, aged 34, who is at present engaged on work al a convent. The representative of the firm said that officers were wanted in the Army, and they must have foremen in the in- dustrial army.—Exemption was granted to fltl of December.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHESHIRE SIDE.

Variety Of Applications From Rural ,Places.

Applications from Stockton Heath and neigh- bourhood were heard at the Runcorn Rural Tribunal, held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Thursday, Mr. C. E. Linaker presiding

===== 0002601_19160909_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
Exemptions.

Exemptions were granted as under : Thelwall gardener, aged 39, employed by Mrs. Bleekly, exempted, but ordered to get work on munitions before October Ist.

An employe of an Acton Grange farmer, who said soldiers, who needed fetching from the station and paying, were no good to him. A cowman employed by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., from whose estate it was said over 20 men had enlisted.

A Stockton Heath_ hay and straw merchant

A Thelwall farm hand

An Appleton farmer I.**ho got an exemption for his teamsman stated that he had several Stockton Heath women working for him.

Offered to Join.

A painter and motor driver from Moore, represented by Mr. Linaker, offered to 'join the Army on the Ist December.—This length of time was allowed him.

To Be Medically Examined.

A wholesale fish and fruit dealer from Stock- ton, Heath was ordered to be medically examined, and a similar decision was given in the case of a Preston Brook grocer.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
Hatton Collector Of Silver Bullets.

Mr. H. J. Westbrook applied for conditional exemption on behalf of a collector of taxes in Hatton and adjoining parishes, and tithes in 23 parishes. The applicant was also assistant overseer. In support of the application, letters wee read from the Clerk to the Income Tax Commissioners (Mr. Hy. Greenall) and the Sur- veyor of Taxes (Mr. W. A. Brooke). Mr. Westbrook said his client was, he contended. already engaged in war work as he was collect- ing the "silver bullets" as munitions. The applicant was a Volunteer. He had been before the Medical Board at Chester and was certified for garrison duty abroad. The submission was that the applicant would be better employed in his present work than in foreign garrison work. He was prepared to work at a munition works for three days a week.—The Tribunal granted conditional egemption—applicant to mit in three days a week at some munition works. ,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
RURAL DISTRICT.

Orford Contractor's Fourth Son

To Join Up.

The Warrington Rural Tribunal gat on Wed- nesday, Mr. Geo. Mather in the chair. op An Orford contractor again appealed on be- half of his son, aged 23, unmarried, The young man, he stated, is indispensable to' him, especially in connection with a contract at present being fulfilled—making new machine. pits and large filter bed; p&c., for Orford Tannery. Applicant has thtee sons already in the Army. One of these wmo —contied three times, and had gone out again to France. Appli. cant thought it was sufficient to send three sons to the Army.—The appeal was dismissed. A vegetable, fruit and flower'grower, who had been granted exemption until the epd of August, appealed for an extension of time in order to give him an opportunity of clearing the groAnd. He is a Married man, 39 years of age.—The time was extended until 18th October, and when applicant was informed of the decision he remarked that there were plenty of young unmarried men who should be called up instead of men like him.

The application of a Penketh chemical worker, who appealed on domestic groun Is, was dismissed. He had been before the Medical Board, who told him to come up again on August 19th for re-examination, but he had failed to do so.

A coal dealer, aged , 40, married, five chil- dren, who has been in business sixteen years, was granted conditional exemption. A similar ruling was made in the case of a shopman in a Penketh butcher's establishment. tie is 39 years of age, and a married man with three children.

===== 0002601_19160909_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE STUDENTS FOR MONTREAL.

An Inter-University Scheme.

The Cheshire County Council 'Education Committee have macle arrangements with the authorities of McGill University, Montreal, 'which will permit of young engineering students winning technological scholarships in Cheshire going to Montreal to have part of their three years' training at the McGill Uni- versity. It is understood that the arrangement is reciprocal, and that McGill students will he accepted at English universities for a portion of their training.

A voice at my elbow, speaking breathlesslY, said: "Look! They're away. . . . Oh, OW did fellows!" Out of our front line trenches scrambled long lines of men. They stood for a moment on the top of the parapet, waited for a .second or twa, until all the Men had got up into their align- meat, and then started forward, steadily and ielj wonderful order. Some of the officers turn round, as though to see that all their men wercet there. I saw one of them raise his stick an -point towards the ridge. Then he ran ahead,°' •nis men.- They were on low, ground—lowest on the right, in front of the parapet where I stood, but sloping up a little on the left by the LelPl Redoubt. Beyond them the ground rose ftead,liii. to the ridge on which Thiepval stands. 1)h- -men had a big climb to make, and a long to go over open country, for four or five hundre.t yards is 'the very devil of a way to go when 1 is swept with shell-fire. , The enemy was not long in flinging a barrage in the way of our men. A rocket went up frol3! his lines as a signal to his guns, and perhar.; half a minute. after our, men had sprung ove' the parapet his shells began to fall. But thq were too late to dO any damage there. Our. were out and away. Some message seemed reach the enemy and tell him this. He raise'" his barrage on to ground nearer to his own line and his heavy crumps fell rapidly, bursting al over No Man's Land. Now and again thef,, seemed to fall right into the middle of a bune - of our men, in a way frightful to see,.but the smoke cleared the group was still going f°l.-- ward. On the right of the line one great shell built with an enormous craSh, and this time thtirer' was no doubt that it had caught some of °nit men. I saw them fall in a heap. Perhaps had flung themselves down to avoid the shell splinters. Perhaps not one of them had bee° touched. It is exthordinary how men Cflu avoid death like that. ,

The Running Figures in the Smoke. Nothing checked the advance of the long of figures !going through the smoke; not all ta: German Imrrage, which. was now very fierf,;; The men had to cross one of those narrow str' of grass land between the earthworks before thl came to the first line of German trenches, all. they showed up black and distinct against thls green belt whenever the, Smoke of the shells bursting above them drifted away. They were not in close formation. They forward after the first few moments of in small parties; widely scattered, but keePT: the same direction. Sometimes .the rti themselves broke up and separated into vidual figures, jumping over shell-craters, ram; ning first to left or right as the shriek of ati- enemy shell warned- them of approaching deati. I -saw then • how easy it is to lose •• all sense °1 direction in an attack like this, and the reas°,...l • why men sometimes go so hopelfissly astraYr But yesterday it was quite marvellous quickly the men recovered thejr line when the:d' had drifted away in the blinding smoke, all. how the groups kept in touch with each othel; and how separate figures running to catch 111 succeeded in joining the groups. tile We watched the single figures, following fortunes of each man across the fire-swept hoping with all our souls that he would g`,'l through and on. Then he would pick 1111' up when be fell face forward. For A little while the men were swallowed Alic in smoke.' I could see nothing of them, aT"us had a horrible feeling this time none o',„d would ever see them again. For theY "",1 walked straight into the infernal fires, an re behind them and all in front the shells wf,--4 bursting and flinging up the earth and raisi- enormous, fantastic clouds. •

On the Skyline.. It seemed an hour before I saw thew agVhe I suppose it was only five or six minutes. wind drifted the smoke away fromAhe Thiel)", ridge, and there, clear and distinct to the nalcu( eye, were the; lines of our men swarming “Pt. Some of them were already on the .bigh_ei:t ground, standing, single figures, 'black agab the sky.. They stood there for a second a • eer then jumped down and Idisappeared. Th.eY in the German trenches, close to Thielwa',o 'Magnificent !" said a French efficer wbo standing close .to me. "By God! Your wen a fine!"

A Casualty. do look Sympathetic Sister: "Oh, Alan, ,you . had." if Alan (home from dentist): "So would Y°ll„__ you'd been' gassed and wounded in the law' " Punch."

Printed and published by John Wal----ker and C°' (Warrington) Limited, at the EV-3115511 War;General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, rington; also published by them nes: at th ExXMINEtt Offices, 2, Victoria-road, Wid 32, George-street, St. Helens; 3, Market-We° EarlestOwn, all in the County of Lancaste2 and at ChUrch-street, Runcorn, in the of Chester. ,

===== 0002601_19160909_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
G OBE

FURNISHING CON PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. ,

LEADING, LARGEST, and MOST RELIABLE HOUSE FURNISHERS. CASH OR

===== 0002601_19160909_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
z

O

iN

EASY PAYM E NTS

All furniture we sell is manufactured under our own control and supervision. ATISFACTION CUARANTEED OR MONEY RETURNED IN FULL

Whether transaction is for cash or on easy payments, price includes FREE AND SAFE

DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. Payments may be made either weekly, monthly or quarterly. We are alwaYs willing to arrange TERMS TO SUIT THE CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS There is no interest charged, nor any extra charges of any kind. FOR CASH A DISCOUNT OF 2/- In the £ IS ALLOWED

You will save money in furnishing by inspecting our stock or sending or writing for our

===== 0002601_19160909_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED

"YOUR MEN ARE FINE."

French Officer's Comment On A

Magnificent Charge. Mr. Philip Elibbs, "The' Daily Chronicle Special Correspondent with the British Arniies in the field, writing August 26, describes as alin eye-witness the attack made by our men the enemy's position south of Thiepval, result' ing in the capture of 700 yards of ground to 3 depth of at least 400. yards, and giving Ish: closer grip upon the German stronghold. '`. following finely written passages explain he our men are winning and will win through Climbing the Hill under Fire.

===== 0002601_19160909_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
JEWSBURY & BROWN'S Manchester Dry Ginger Ale is the Supreme Beverage. j - , Insist on Having .4,i4 it '4'.', Brand the IC., g a By Appointment to H.M. the King. _____

HIPPODROME. 6.45. TWICE NIGHTLY. 8.45. MONDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 11th. ROSIE & MONS. DUBIN, Vocalists. JOE & BETTY BINNS,i4 Comedy and' Music THE THREE BROTHERS HUXTER. LILLIE LANGTRY, Versatile Comedienne. DORIS, the, Brilliant Young Violinist. MONTY McVEAN, Scotch Comedian. 'GEORGE HYAM, Comedian. 3IDLLE. ALCIDE CAPITAINE, The Perfect Gymnast. Gallery, 3d.; Pit, 4d.; Giand. Circle; 6d.; Stalls, 1/-

WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. BEWSEY-ST.. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT. 10th. Rev. T. T. JAMES, M.A. Morning, 10.30: "The Letter to the Philippians." Evening, 6.30: " Friendship, ' • P.S.A. FOR MEN sit 3 p.m. MOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 10th. Morning, 10.30: Rev. F. HUDSON. Evening. 6.30: Rev. J. K. CALVERT. EWSEY-ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT...IOth. Morning, 10.30: Rev. P. INESON. Subject: "Sorrow and Song." Evening, 6.30: Rev. F. HUDSON.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. TO-MORROW. (SUNDAY), SEPT. 10th. Morning. 10.30. Evening, 6. - Preacher: Mr. E. LLOYD JONES. CIAIRO-STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. N...) TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT. 10th. Rev. IRVINE LISTER. 10.30 a.m.: "Resistance of Truth." 6.30 p.m.: "The Right Use of Possessioat:." A Hearty Invitation given to All. CHRISTADELPHIAN MEETING ROOM, BOLD-STREET. WARRINGTON. l'ree Bible Address SUNDAY NEXT, at 6.30 P.m- Subject: "The War: Russia and Britain's Destiny." Mr. B. LAKE. of UrmstOn.

STAR KINEMA. MATINEES DAILY AT 3. Evenings at 6.30 and 8.30. MONDAY, TUESDAY, and WEDNESDAY, • at 1,3, 6, 7 and 9 o'clock. "THE BATTLE OF THE SOMME:" (Note extra times of showing. Seats now booking.) THURSDAY. FRIDAY, and SATURDAY: "THE GOLDEN CHANCE," A thrilling Drama with a punch.

GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 10th. Preacher: Rev. H. OGDEN. Morning, 10.45: "The Call to Prayer." Evening, 6.30: Reply to Rev. H. T. Dixon. Conversation to follow.

GR,AND ELECTRIC THEATRE, MONDAY. TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY, "THE SECRET ORCHARD," featuring Blanche Sweet. FIFTEENTH EPISODE, "THE DIAMOND FROM THE SKY." Jack Spratt's Parrot. Topical and Gazette. THURSDAY. FRIDAY & SATURDAY, "MAN AND HIS SOUL." Metro Drama, starring Francis H. Bushman and Beverley Bayne. A Keystone. Gazette and Interest. REMEMBER Oct. 2, "Battle of the Somme." Superb gallantry and sacrifice. Oct. 5, First Scene of "Peg o' the Ring." • PAVILION SANKEY GREEN, 9 LOVELY LANE. MONDAY. TUESDAY. & WEDNESDAY. Exclusive to this Hall. " THE• MIRACLE OF LIFE," A lovely photo play,' featuring Marguerite Fischer. FIFTEENTH EPISODE. "THE DIAMOND FROM THE SKY " : "DESPERATE CHANCE." THURSDAY, FRIDAY, & SATURDAY, • "HER HEART'S DESIRE." Four acts of delight. SEVENTH ADVENTURE OF TERENCE O'ROURKE. "THE ROAD TO PARADISE." Keystone Komedie, &c.

pRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, LEGH-STREET. -WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 10th. Morning, 10.30. Evening. 6.30. Rev. A. J. CHESSITM.

T. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT. 10th. ' Morning. 10.45. Evening. 6.30. Preacher: Rev. GEORGE CURTIS. ITILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHURCH. AUTUMNAL SERMONS, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT. 10th. Morning 10.45. Evening, 6.30. Preacher: Rev. J. J. HARGREAVES, of Chester. Soloist at Morning Service. Miss E. CAPEL. Solo- ist at Evening Service, Mr. LEVI RICHARDSON. SPECIAL ANTHEMS Will be rendered by the CHOIR. Collection at each Service on behalf of the Church Funds. You are heartily invited to attend these services.

WHITE HEATHER FETE.—Result of Draw for Gas Fire. Winning number, 1234. Can be had on application, with ticket, to 11, St. Barna- bate Place. LORD KITCHENER'S LE'rrER AND PORTRAIT. TO-DAY AT THE TOWN HALL. } ibition opened by the MAYOR at 11 a.m. Admission: 11 to 12. 6d.; 12 to 7.3 d.

HAIRCOMBINGS made up, 2s. per oz. COVERLETTE \ TAILS OF 1 HAIR FRAMES. PURE 5/6 From 3e. 6d. each. HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, • (Car station). LIVERPOOL.

eI__EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. "!- , THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists in. Canisters, 7d.. 1/2. and 2/4 each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

Public Notices.

ITIZENS' TEMPERANCE LEAGUE. THE FINAL OPEN-AIR MEETING will,be held on FRIDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 15th, AT BEWSEY-STREET, to commence at 7.30 P.m. GOOD TEMPLAR NIGHT. Speaker: Mr. COCKS (Chorley). Mr. WILL EVANS (Liverpool) will preside. Come and Sign the King's Pledge. Temperance Workers, Please Rally.

POUND DAY, RADDON, COURT HOSPITAL NEXT THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 'l4th. Gifts of EGGS, GROCERIES, FRUIT, Ike., gratefully received. CONCERT, 3 P.m. TEA, 6d. MHE CORPORATION OP WARRINGTON -1. is prepared to receive LOANS either for six months' notice or for a term of years. Applications, stating amount for investment, to be made to the Borough Treasurer, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH GYMNASIUM WILL RE-OPEN ON MONDAY NEXT, SEP'TEMBER 11th. Ladies' and Gent's Classes Boys' and Girls' Classes For ,further particulars apply A. MOTTRAM, Director of Exercises. ,OLYMPIA, LIVERPOOL, 6.40 & 8.50. " RAZZLE - DAZZLE," ALBERT DE COURVILLE'S MONSTER PRODUCTION. See the Great SCOTTISH, INDIAN and THEATRE SCENES. Brilliant cast includes HERBERT DARNLEY, EDNA MORGAN, and SUPER BEAUTY CHORUS of 120. ' Stalls, 2/8, 2/-, 1/6; Circle, V-. Seats booked free by post or 'phone, 365 Anfield, Liverpool,

COUNTY BOROUGH, OF WARRINGTON. WAR CHARITIES ACT, 1916. 1. The Act provides in Section 1 (1) that it shall not be lawful to make a public appeal for money or articles in kind for any War Charity as defined by the Act, or to attempt to raise money by a bazaar, sale, entertainment or exhi- bition, or by ally similar means for any such Charity unless -(1) the Charity is registered under the Act, and (2) the Charity has approved of such appeal or attempt to raise money. Any contravention of this provision is an offence against the Act and is .punishable on summary conviction by a• fine of not more than ..tlOO or imprisonment with or without hard labour for not more than three months. 2.. Applications for registration or exemption must be made to the Town Council, and must be made in the forms prescribed by the Charity Commissioners, copies of which can be obtained from the Town Clerk. Upon registration or exemption of a Charity a certificate of registra- tion or exemption will be given to the Charity. 3. The Regulations made by the Charity Com- missioners and approved by the Secretary of State provide that no Charity may be exempted from the provisions of Section 1 of the Act unless the scope of its operations as regards the amount of subscriptions expected to be obtained, the duration of the Charity or the area of collection or benefit is so limited as in the opinion of the Town Council to make it unnecessary in the public interests that the Charity should be Registered under the Act. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Office, 9th September, 1916. '

tiELGLA N REFUGEES, BEECH WOOD ROUSE, LYMM. A PUBLIC MEETING Will be held in THE ASSEMBLY ROOM At the CONSERVATIVE CLUB, LYMM, On WEDNESDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 13th. 8111SINESS: To receive Hon. Treasurer's (Mr. T. F. W. Dixon) Statement of Accounts, &c. THE CHAIR will be taken at 6 p.m. by A. WATKIN, Esq., J.P., Chairman Executive Committee. All Subscribers cordially invited to attend. G. COOK 1 Joint Hon. F. E. EVANS, I Secretaries.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. SCHOOLS FOR WOMEN. To meet the requirements of those wishing to gain instruction in Dressmaking, Cookery, and Millinery, Classes will be re-opened at EVELYN-STREET SCHOOL, BOLTON SCHOOL, and BEAMONT SCHOOL. Only students 21 years of age and over will be admitted to these schools. Syllabuses and further particulars may be obtained from J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc., Secretary and Director. Education Office, Sankey-street, Warrington, , August, 1916.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. In aid of St. Dunstan's Hostel for our • Blinded Soldiers and Sailors, AN EVENING CONCERT BY "THE BLIND MUSICIANS," under the direction of Mr. AVALON COLLARD, sisted by Madame ADELINA DE LARA, Solo vianist and Mr. EDGAR BELLINGHAM, Lecturer. ON FRIDAY, 22ND SEPT., AT 7.30 P.M., IN THE PARR HALL. Tickets: Reserved, 3/- and 2/-; Unreserved. 1/- d 6d.; may be obtained at the Town Hall, rarr Hall, and from several princifial Shop- 'keePers. THE ENTIRE RECEIPTS WILT, BE DEVOTED TO ST. DUNSTAN'S , tIOSTEL. PETER PEACOCK. Mayer.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. RE-OPENING OF EVENING SCHOOLS. TECHNICAL INSTITUTE: - For students taking Technical Courses, 11th and 13th September. For students taking Domestic Courses, 12th and 14th September. COMMERCIAL INSTITUTE. For Commercial , Subjects and Foreign Languages (French, German and Spanish). and BRANCH TECHNICAL SCHOOLS, Bolton, Evelyn-street and • Fairfield, for Women and Girls, lieamont and Heathside for Youths; On MONDAY, 11th SEPTEMBER, 1916. Also the Classes (Day Classes on the 4th and Evening Classes on the 11th September) at the • 'SCHOOL OF ART. including, in addition to the ordinary Drawing Subjects, Practical Design (Cabinet-makers, Painters, Architectural, &c.), Lettering, Cabinet Work and Carving, Decorators' Practical Work, Woodcarving. Repousse Metal Work and Enamelling:- embroidery. Syllabuses and further particulars may be obtained from J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc., Secretary and Director. Education Office, Sankey-street. Warrington, August, 11126. _

PROFITABLE POSTS are awaiting the girls and youths who are equipped with Commercial Know- ledge. THE DE BEAR SCHOOLS give complete and practical training in SHORTHAND. COMMERCIAL TYPEWRITING. ARITHMETIC. ENGLISH. COMMERCIAL BUSINESS METHODS CORRESPONDENCE. BOOK-KEEPING. HANDWRITING, etc. Day and Evening, all the year round. Students readily placed on completion. For full particulars apply to THE PRINCIPAL, The Be Bear Schools, Ltd., Buttermarket Street, Warrington (Corner of Bank St.)

BfGIN YOUR WINTER STUDY AT THE Warrington Commercial School AND TYPEWRITER DEPOT, Principal: J. MARSH, F.lnc.S T., A.B.T. (Teachers' Dipiumas). CURRICULUM: Shorthand, Commercial Arithmetic, Typewriting, Commercial Correspondence Book-keeping, English, Business Methods, French, Hanowriting, Spanish. DAY AND EVENING TUITION. Popular Fees. Specialised Courses. Prospectus Free. NEW BRIDGE BUILDINGS, 5, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON.

Tenders.

CROSFIELD'S RECREATION CLUB, HOOD-LANE, WARRINGTON. 'CERTAIN EXCAVATION is required at above ground. Full particulars and copy of specification may be obtained from Mr. F. Smith, Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., on or after Tuesday, Septeber 12th, 1916. Tenders to be submitted on or before September 19th. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender.

CROSFIELD'S RECREATION CLUB, HOOD-LANE, WARRINGTON. TENDERS are invited for the Painting and Decorating of two Pavilions at the Recreation Ground. Copies of specification and full par- ticulars may be obtained from Mr. F. Smith, Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., on on after Tuesday, September 12th, 1916. Tenders to be submitted on or before September 19th. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender.

WARRINGTON UNION. TENDERS. Persons willing to contract for the supply of any of the undermentioned articles, to be delivered free of expense at the Workhouse, Warrington, or Cottage Homes, Padgate, at such times, and in such quantities, as the Guardians or their officers may require, are requested to send in Tenders to me on or before 10 a.m., Wednesday, the 20th September, 1916, and the same will be considered by the Guardians at a meeting to be held on the same date. Tenders are required : From Ist October, 1916, to 31st September, 1917—Sweeping Chimneys. From Ist October, 1916, to 31st March, 1917:— Coal and Slack Tea *Crockeryware Butchers' Meat Boots, Shoes & Slippers Flour and Oatmeal Coffins Drapery Brooms and Brushes Wines and Spirits Leather. d; Shoemakers' Drugs. Necessaries *Surgical Dressings Tailors' Goods Soda Water Bacon, Butter, Cheese, Paints, &c. • Lard, Margarine, &c. *lronmongery Tobacco and Snuff Thirds Fish and Ice Beer and Stout Grocdries & Necessaries *Electrical Goods. Bovril or Oxo *Kitchen Utensils. *NO GOODS OF GERMAN OR AUSTRIAN ORIGIN WILL BE ACCEPTED. Separate tenders must be sent for the Work- house and Cottage Homes, and samples of the articles required can be seen at either institu- tion between the hours of 10 to 12 noon and 2 to 4 p.m. The fuel to be " supplied must be accord- ing to the specifications as set out On the tender form, and quotations must be made for delivery, either to the siding adjoining the Workhouse, or by cart, and by cart to the Cot- tage Homes. Forms of tender, and instructions to persons tendering (which must be strictly complied with), may be obtained from the undersigned. All accounts will be paid monthly. The Guardians do not necessarily bind them- selves to accept the lowest or any tender. By order, ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY. • Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsey Chambers. September Ist, 1916.

Subscription Lists.

BRITISH RED CROSS SOCIETY.—Messrs. George Plumpton, Ltd., Albion Works. employes' weekly subscriptions £l,ss. 2d. Received with thanks by local Hon. Treasuier.

COUNTY BOROITGIT OF WARRINGTON. • TOBACCO FUND FOR THE 2ND & 4TH SOUTH LANCS. AT THE FRONT. • s. d. Amount previously acknowledged 507 7 9 Pearson & Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., 39th contribution t 509 17 9 WAR PRISONERS' FUND. • s. d. Amount previously acknowledged 2087 19 0 Emp. Fletcher, Russell & Co., Ltd., 9th contribution Pearson & Knowles Coal &Iron Ltd., 39th contribution Jas. Fairclough & Sons, Ltd., 12th contribution Col. R. Ireland Blacktkurnet 2 0 0 Emp. Longford Gas Works, 29th cop. 1 4 9 A. H. Rogers Miss Amy M. Gee Sir James 11. i Stronge, Bart. . 0 12 0 James Smitht (return of Prize 19) OlO 0 Fletcher., Rl4ll & Co., Ltd., Pattern Shop Clara Willett and Lilian Plinston, (Proceeds of Concert) Standards 5, 6 & 7, Beamont Girls' School, 50th contribution Market Gate Box, 12/2; Bridge-street Box', 7/1 £2,107 18 7 Week's contributions to Sept. Bth, .Rl9 9s. 7d. "Khaki" Magazine: 4 dozen tins Glaxo. CONTRIBUTIONS to the various RELIEF FUNDS may be sent to the MAYOR, or to Mr. John Fairhurst, Bank House, Warrington. R.C.S. 'MOTOR AMBULANCE., -1-P• s. d. Previously acknowledged Mr. John Fairclough Mrs. H. Greenall Emp. W. Mortimer & Co., per Mr. A • Gough Gate Money at Haddon Court 1 1 6 Mrs; Bromley Mr. Charlton Parr has kindly promised to complete the amount necessary. Miss Sylvia Broadbent and Mrs. Fox, in the name of the Daresbury Division, wish to thank him and all subscribers very sincerely.

MILLING'S TEA at 2/6 per lb. TESTED, BLENDED AND PACKED IN :: WARRINGTON. :: SPECIALLY SELECTED TO SUIT WARRINGTON WATER. • • Ss GROCERS & PROVISION MERCHANTS, 5, Horsemarket St. (Se. Corporation St., WARRINGTON. Tel. 452.

Pianos to be Sold. s. d. Piano by KELLY (Marquetrie Panel, Walnut.) Piano by OLIVER an Rosewood Case and Sconce.) Piano by BROAD WOOD (In Rosewood Case and Sconce.) Piano by DALMAINE (Walnut Case.) Piano by BOND (Trichord, Mahogany, Splendid Condition.) Piano by PLEYEL (Trichord, Mahogany, Splendid condition.) Piano by COLLARD • l4 0 0 (Walnut Case.) Piano by HOPKINSON (Rosewood Case and Sconce.) Piano by BISHOP (Splendid Condition.) Piano by ALLISON (Walnut Case, Sconce, and Marquetrie.) Piano by OETZMAN (In Excellent Condition, Rosewood Case.) Each Piano Tuned Free for 12 Months, and One Term's Tuition Free. DAWSON' S 59, Sankey St., Warrington.

• AUTUMN FASHIONS. u All New Goods in each Department will be displayed on Tuesday, Wednes- , day and Friday*next, September 12th, 13th and 'lsth.' CI We invite a Visit to what will prove Mi most interesting Display'. W. HODGKINSON Ltd. BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 184.

J. MOUNFIELD & SONS -j FUNERALS (Proprietor, ARTHUR MOUNFIELD), BY CABINET MAKERS. J. MOUNFIELD & SONS Offices: 15, Church St. and Dutton SI. The BEST. 15, Church St. & Dutton St. Tel. 99. Repairs to Property. Tel. 99.

• A FAIR QUESTION. • Before joining- a Commercial College it is a wise plan to inquire "How many appointments HAVE you found?" Do not be put off with mere general assur- ances of' appointments that are "going to be found." ASK FOR EVIDENCE. WOOD'S COLLEGE, 15, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, has already placed upwards of 500 students in appointments in the district; and is in the best position to continue to place its trained operators in the most remunerative appointments. Do not buy your experience—enrol at Wood's College. Write or call 24 pp. illustrated Prospectus. •

MEN'S RAIN PROOFS. Splendid selection of all the Newest Shades PERFECT FITTING. 15/6 to 42/- BOYS' - from 10/6 YOUTHS' - from 12/6 Latest Styles, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPT. 10, Horsemarket St., Warrington.

HAVE YOU TRIED WHITE Cos SELF/RAISING FLOUR? IF NOT, WHY NOT? Wholesale by J. POVEY & SON, Ltd., BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. IF YOU NEED

FOR SOLO AND SIDECAR e

_,.. . , .44 Ansi. 1 _ \IL ..,-- 4,

RIDE A !:10: •• ,A 41/4 h.p. MOTOR BICYCLE Fitted with Coautershaft Three Speed Gear. We can supply you with any B.S.A. model. JOSEPH KNOX PADGATE LANE, WARRINGTON. 0 Latest 11.8. A. Catalogue free. •

Warrington Co=operative Society, DRAPERY DEPARTMENT. e are no‘t slum jug a choice selection of Ladies' and Children's COSTUMES and COATS for Autumn and Winter Wear. Also Furs and Nluffs in all the late st styles in Fox, Bear, Squirrel, &e., &e.

\, \ , .:;•: I\ \ ` Doing Splendid Service Everywhere \\',' \ Send for Booklet and name and address of owner NU,i , using the `STAR' Commercial Vehicle in your district \ ,%\\s\s,‘, •‘- * The 'STAR' is the : ALL oßrrisH • . , ss,\‘, v , . \ COMMERCIAL . \ . ,0.....!.1NN._ I_ .., _ ‘4,,---- , _ \ \ , VEHICLE • . \ \ \ ! Sole Agents for 'Warrington.= ow. t•0m055..;.....• :i 1 Northwich. Runcorn and Fr _ WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. 11.4 r•---... C) - --L.- 4,.....5. II I --- -7-----.4 • ,:..2 WARRINGTON. Tsispissos 122 ar 'al___l i _..... • .11 : I '• , ' ,4 • I I -7 -----'• \-' ....,.... :: -A.. ,', ' ' . , \ . ',..,.........._._ / 1 1 i 1 % . - ,

Telephone 179. TANNER BROTHERS, , Telegrams: "Cunningham, Warrington." , B.cIINNINGHAM, CASH OR TERMS TO SUIT CUSTOMERS. . I BREWER. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. WARRINGTON. 1., til CROWN ALE, 27, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. ' 1 OATMEAL STOUT. (Next to Central Station.) EXTRA STOUT. il ~ 111111=1111, damiesimenommumer

ecasT PIND eOUNTRY• WHERE TO STAY. Hotels, Boarding Houses, Country Apartments, &c.

DOUGLAS.—The Knowsley, facing sea; 5/6 daily. Also private Apartments, 3 minutes from pier.—Misses Cannell. -LIAMILY ...HOTEL (with or without board), 12 own firm produce, from five shillings per day (no extras); references from clergy and doctors; most healthy part of Shropshire.—Morgan's Family Hotel, Uffington, Sap. ITA-.VGrORTTE.-raTi ab y House, near moTo- Let, Apartments, with or without board; terms raoderate.—Me. Haggas. KNARESBOROUGH and HARROGATE.— Boating; beautiful scenery. For list of Apart- ments apply to Parr's Library, Knaresborough. Guide 2d. TNOTT END.—Apartments; golf, boating, . .I‘k fishing; bracing air; splendid holiday.—Firs • Leigh. Hackensall-road.

Al3ERYSTWYTh.—Comfortable Apartments, close to station and castle; terms moderate.— Proprietor, Bella Vista. Custom House-road. A PAiiTMENTS at reasonable terms, over- -471. looking sea.—Mrs. )/Vilson, Vine Cottage, Warton Bank. near Lythar. Bath. A PARTMENTS.— Mrs. Halsall, HeskWi Bank. near Preston. Railway fare 1/- return Southport.

BEAUMARIS.—Superior Apartments, facing Straits, close to pier; piano, bath, &c.— Roberts, Craiglwyd, Castle-street.

BEDROOM and Sitting-room to Let; pleas- antly situated at foot of mountains; bracing air; near station.—Mrs. Jones, Rose Cottage, Vrondeg, near Wrexham.

BLACKPOOL.—Dudley House, 64,. Abingdon- street. Splendid situation, 1 minute North Pier, 4 minutes stations. Stamp reply. Homely Apartments, with or without board; terms moderate. —Mrs. Elwell (late of Warrington). BLACKPOOL, NORTH.—Superior Apart- ments, 4 minute from Promenade and Pier; board optional.—Mrs. Hope, Wilmslow House, General-street. BLACKPOOL.—Visitors should not forget to write or call at Mrs. Lees, 14, Waterloo- avenue, Blackpool.

LL..LANBEDR, Merioneth.—One sitting, 2 bed rooms; very comfortable; most moderate terms. —Mrs. Lewis, Tanycoed.

LL ANDUDNO.-4, Woodville Gr., Mostyn- avenue. Comfortable Apartments; good cook- ing; minute sea; moderate.—Misses Harrison. LYTHAAI.—ArIey Private Hotel, Central Beach; separate tables; also private room; every convenience. Tel. 23.—Mrs. Crook. L.YTHAM.—HomeIy Apartments; 2 minutes 1.1 sea and station.—Mrs. Ashworth, 26, Cleve- land-road.

BLACKPOOL.—KnowIe View, Warbreck Hill- road North. 'Public and private Apartments; board optional; overlooking golf links; garage, ten- nis.—Termir Mrs. Gaines. BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. Gregory (from Radcliffe), 16, Lord-street; near Valbot-road Station and sea; piano: BLACKPQOL.—Jack Ashton, 50, Albert-road; comfortable Apartments; minute station and sea; terms moderate. BEACKPOOL.—Mrs. G. Earnshaw, 64, Ade- laide-street, late of Britannia; near sea, sta- tion and amusements; piano.. BLACKP-00L. Comfortable Apartments, near Central Station and sea.—Mrs. Lancaster, 7, Read's-road, off Central-drive. BLACkPOOL:=Smith, 61, Dean-street, South- Shore. Superior Public and Private Apart- ments, close to station and sea. Stamp reply. BLACEPOOL.—Mrs. Dixon, 64, Reads-road. Public and Pirivate; bed, cooking. attendance, 1/3 each person; board 5/-. BLA.CKPOOL.—ths. McCarthy, 6, Upper Queen-street; near Talbot-road Station vnd sea; bed, 1/- per night each person; board, 4'6; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Homely Apartments, public or private; near Central Station.—Twist, 74, Central-road. (Late Rose Jones, Shrewsbury.)

LACKPOOL—BeII, Manchester _Muse (sea view), 50, St. Chad's-road. Promenade. Public and private apartments; /- per night 2 persons; no extras. BL A C PO 0L All classes of Seivaiiis Wanted; Blackpool, St. Annes and Lytham; enclose stamp.—Select Registry, 01, Church-street, Blackpool. _ _ _ COLWYN BAY.—Mrs. Eccles (late Black- burn), Clinton Rouse. Woodland-road West. Apartments, central. •

LYT.ElAM.—Comfortably Furnished Cottage to Let for September. or very reasonable for ! the winter.-43. North Clifton-street. MELIDEN, PRESTATYN.—Superior Apart- t ments; lovely situation; terms moderate.— Apply Belmont House. -N. ,

VfORECAMBE, BARE.—Comfortable Apart- ments; sea and mountain view. Beds. 2/-; bath, piano.-Baxter. 11, Prince's Crescent.

S—.. , OUTHPORT.—Welldurnished Apartments; . promenade and sea view.—Mrs. Buckley, 34, Sea Bank-road. . . • . ,

SOUTHPORT.—Sitting-room and Double- .. . - bedded Room, Xi weekly.—Stevenson, 39, Pine . Grove, St. Luke's. .4' ____ SOUTHPORT. =Superior Apartments or ' ) Board. ' near Lord-street end station.—Mrs. weafer, Ellesmere House, 39. Portland-street (late . 1 Leigh). . SOUTHPORT.—Homely Apartments, 2 min- , rites from station and Lord-street: beds, 2/- per 's .• night. 2 rsons.—Mrs. eet. S 6 Ball, 9. ulketh-street. _ ._ SOUTHPORT.—Mrs. A. Green (late of Iteigh). Homely Apartments; near sea.-2, Rojal-ter- race. West-street. ST. ANNES, Ivy Dene, 62, St. Andrew's-road. South • Comfortable Apartments: Public and Private.—Mrs. Greenhalgh and Miss Riding.

SECOND-LIEUT. E. H. PARSONS. Former School Teacher Wounded In The Shoulder. A telegram received by Mr. and Mrs. Harold Parsons, 32, Willis-street, has informed them that their son, Second-Lieutenant E. Harold Parsons, of the Lancashire Fusiliers, attached to the Gloucester Regiment, was wounded in the right shoulder by gun-shot on August 26th. He

, --,—,'"-..;:i.:::::•:f.,,•i.4:,;,:•:::::',.."•-•*:::::ii';":";:-..,).*"::::!":•:,i,:. ."...41::':.;?;::,'P.:".::,"E..".•••••••::i!'..,:;::g::.::.:..';'..0.::-.$;....;:„:0:::?...:.. ...:."..i..i:..1;;;M::::':.:"..".. , '....:..... • ~..i.i,:,::......,;,::: .. , ~.,.... - „. .. .....,............„,,, ...... . ~ ..... ; „ ........ ... 4 .......s. .... •••• ~....... ..... •. . • 1!. ~.....,•:::......, )t„ *" ".".":"?..::;::::...-.!.'..........:•....-...........•. . ...: • . 1 , • .. * .::::•.;"---...'...•:......,..•:•.. : :"."'" ..,.........:::.....„,.„:....„...... , ~ .. ' ' '• '''.4...,, ....... ...... . ..,.... .._...... ~............. .. .... , .....„.. ....„......:.... '' '''.."•::f:.:";:', ::"••• .":•:.;.:',...„.•••:' ,:....",,..:":ii••,...,:::::::.,i...."::-:,4.........-.::,:::•".,1 ....'.1:,: :.":11;.: • ...M.:::::::"...t:-.:;.....:::,:"....i...:!"......."--•.::: ••••• ..1 -q.',..;•.. ..!'.'... :-......:.::::!..iiiiiii07:14:: ,:‘,..,.."::...1.:!::::,...-.........,.........:„.... , ...,.,11.....:i?.`iff', fl''.:;.ii:,ii.111!.1:k•V•kif::::;1:.?. ~'••• '..;:iiiiiiii:.?:il ;,ii.t....:il iiii3O.%iii."-ii':hictl..:. 1.1.•;.:ii.f:•..11:g1i.F..::::'-'....::::i...:,-......1[2.11,!......-.,!iii".ii : ....:::!1...i1:.:, -: z.,•-• ..,k.::,.... :1'..i::',..*::*gi:.:,,,. ..', •.„•..,:..-,::::•• ' ...........::::•:.*.....*::::ii::.4.•,-:,.,...,:.:::::,,f ,:•••••' :. ....t,....,.,: ..:,.:::-..,.4 ,-,:„,,,,,:,,:,,.,•.: •,::::„.• ....:::::::::::::„.„„,:•::.,„?.;,:•:„,t.::::,,•,„....„.,;,:„.,:„:„.•,„ : • ~,,,...-•:::.,:.:::::.,,,,:::•:,:,.... • :. ........:,,,,.....,3:::::::), ~....::,...,..-,..,.„:;,::,.:.,,,,.:,:•,...;....{.:1-&,, : :::•.;,,,,:•.,,. ..,...„,„,:# ~.....:•::-..:1,0„.,•:;:,,.::::, 4.... :•::. .....„,•::::•.,,,„:,,,•?„:4•: :,,„:„..7..• • .........::::,,•,„.,„,„,,,i,,,,, ..."... .... :..,./..;.,...-..„::.:::....:-...., ......, . -..: ..,,, ' . ....,,,,ei:*:::•;,,A,'?.: .-.,.., ...".=, : - :-...4..",-,.":.::- i' 4!))1':".'•:*',....1w.,.•:'''':•::"1"...." -

LIEUT. E. IL PARSONS Wounded.

is now in hospital at Chelsea, making,satoisfac- tory progress. ,Second-Lieutenant Parsons, who is twenty- one years of age, obtained his commission OCtober,. and had been on active service nine weeks. Receiving his early education at the National Schoo_l, he proceeded to the Secondary School, where -he did well in scholarships, passing the Oxford Local Examination (Senior) with honours. He then went to Chester Col- lege and commenced his teaching career at Anfield, Liverpool. From a boy, until he left the town for Chester, he was a highly appre- ciated' member of the Parish Church Choir. GUNNER BRITTON. One Of Three Soldier-Brothers Struck • In The Back. Gunner James Britton, of the Royal Garrison Artillery, a married man, whose home address is at, 4, Gaskell-street, and who ,is one of the three soldier sons of Mr. and Mrs. Richard

- , , , ...,„,,,. ,e• • ' .• • •• • .•:•,- . '''....; ' ',....• .. • , • .. ' • ..,:c.,',..:), Yr.,*,, . • . . ~ f , .•.:'. :,...::::::. t : .:. ...p:,., .. - ::- A,,,,...,?,,,,,<,..,:,,,,T.,,..,.,,,,..,..,:.:......- ... . : '-;''''""l. ::I,'" - • :>''.:::.;',, - " ‘'. ~,3•1 .-.„,.,.., ,- ~, . '...: -',. % • s. •• ~ ..i4P.t.• 5:?.,.,..,ENti0..:- 4 • "',/ ' ' • .' t" -'',' , :::e;":":•.,::',:?:... . . , c„Ss: 7 ' ' ...2.7.•'• .;(.-. f •1.. . '-'.. . ••• :. ~. ... . zi.,..;,,,,.' ~ . • .- .. . .• ~..,.. . • ,e..a.‘,., .• . .

• .05:miji.,.;'?,..5ii0W.:*:iit.:0.:.:ii*:,.:W4i.z.§::',.i:.:!.5ki1.1•:::...1a:::.1:;:i1ft.::::.:Niiii..5.::::;.::: :.:*:,:::.?::g.,:::;•:Mt?"0:::,.,:n.,,,,..:::.,,,:,.,,,:,,,,,::,:::,..,:::.g.:.0.,,,,,,,....,...,...,-,,,...,,,,,,;:;,,,::.:,,,,,:.::-..:,.::.,:....,...,..,..:-..::,::,-,..:::::......-...-.:,..::: i.o.4lD;.ll'4tttif ...--. ..--:-....-...:.... ..,...........,,,.. :go.iggN4t%Nogr.A.,„ ..-;..-.......--. ......'..... ..A.,--.....,..4,in,,i,::,....::::4.:...,;.,..x.:.,-.....:.:...,.... .111,,,..,..:. ...„..::,:....::..].:;.?::-....,..:.:;...:-.,::::,..::::,.......,....,.,...,..,.... . ......: . - .....:,.......,................1;;,...,1.;. :-....... ~ .. .. ~,,„,..::',',„:„......:.......„..::::„::„....„...... •.. '.- .-.. ..,.. - „ -:--,..7,...:::::::!..-.1g....,:i..,.!::a-...........e.. . . :....-. :::::........,m...-....:450,11,..,,,t4u...4.„.„,...„.„.......... ~...„..... . ......,.......,. ..... ..,.........:„..... . ~,,,,.5... . ... ...........:. ...,.......,x5....'..."1.;:fi'i:P..:::...:.;.........':.,......:',..:.,-,:'-:....:',..!..,.,..:7:..•..,.....iii.:'iiii..i.i.:..i.i5:-.31'....................,.:-,.,....::,:::,.: . .... ......:.,;:i.,,,,,,,......:...:.,:::: ~...,.......... ... ~......,........::.. ~:.......:.: s , ....................,....„..... ......... . •...,,,,,,,,,,..,:,,,,,,ik..t.,:i?.....,,,. - - ~...,..... .., • .0,-4,.,7r,.-- '' 1\.:,.,'W.i..i::::,...zi?:: ' , / _zain ....::. ...-A......,. ...40,—• • ~ ~..,..,..:. i . • W.**.::%...........:.,:,•.!.44: ,;•••••• •i'••'•:••••:• • • , ..........,z, ...... , .... 0... . • ...: ...,,,.. . , ....,r.s. .. . ....... , , .

LANCE-CORPORAL JOHN RICHARDSON. Wounded.

formerly employed as traveller by MesSrs. Brown Bros., tailors, Bewsey-street. ' PRIVATE A. GIBBONS. Comrade Sends News Of His Misl4. Private Albert Gibbons, of, the South Lancs. Regiment, has been wounded in the abdomen and admitted into hospital. The news has reached his parents, Mr. and .Mrs. E. klibbOns, 23, Chester-street, through the medium of a letter from their son's comrade. , Private Gibbons, who is twenty-four years of age and an old boy .cA ,the National School, Church-street, enlisted iii:"February this year,' having been previously* employed by Messrs. Fletcher, RuSsell and Co., Ltd. - - PRIVATE W. CLEMENTS. . Expected To " Cro•Un In The Air " Any- Minute. Private William Clements, of the South Lan- cashire Regiment, has been wounded in action. His mother, Mrs. Clements, 20, Percy-street, received the following letter from the Matron of the hospital at which her,son.is a patient : ." I very much regret to tell you that your son is in. here 'very ill. He has wounds in his arm, shoulder and chest, and he is very good and patient. I hope he will get better. Please

. . . • , •. • . • , . • • , I • . . . • • . . • •

PRIVATE W. CLEMENTS. Wounded.

CORPORAL J. FINNERTY. Fast Healing Arm Will Soon Be Well. Gassed in October, 1915, Corporal • John Finnerty, of the Royal Engineers, son of Mr. John Finnerty, 14, Portland-street, has now been wounded and is in hospital in France. The news that Corporal Finnerty had been wounded in the left arm was first conveyed on

- • ' ,SY4 • • 6:l°' tv;/„. , • (4t. . . ,• , •

a hospital card sent by a chaplain, while a letter was 'afterwards received from Corporal Finnerty himself. "I am going on fine," he wrote, "and I expect to be fit again in a few days, for my arm is healing up fine. As you will see by the address, I am in a hospital down at the base. I am being well looked after by the nurses. I am looking forward to the time when this lot will be all over and I am back home with you all." Corporal Finnerty, who is in his twenty- fourth year, enlisted in the Lancashire Fusiliers a, month 'after the outbreak of war, and after- wards transferred to the Royal Engineers. He has been on active service about fourteen months. He was formerly employed at the Latchford Tube Works, and as a boy attenkd St. Mary's C. School. LANCE-CORPORAL P. LAWLESS. In Sheffield Hospital WouncNd A Second Time. Lance-Corporal Peter Lawless, of the King's Royal Rifles, whose parents reside at 6, Platt-

~ . : .„.:•,.::; ~...:..4...,..., ~i...:.5.)?:1.§..ii—b;M::,:.-i:l',: ' -4.*:-.,,,-..:.-...,..-.'•:—..........:"-::?.]:.....4.: ' 15. ~.... „...,.: • '''''.',.-.•........'•: 4, ' t. ~..../. ~. .., ir,.':i::;.;ftii:':'*::::•.: .. • ' ' - .:,::.:•::.:ifZ.;:,......:•&-.• ' „ .....,.. :s; • '.:..:. \....k. •••• . , . , " • t , :::::: ...••• • . s . ••• „:„:'::::::i..:,,•.:.it-q....: ~:.:•-:..1,,. ~,..,:::..,.,....,o:',, ',"•:t.',,,,. .. '' . ...,:,:',.:,...4:.,.::•,....:.,:i,,..i...:::...!: :;•,,,'::,.. •.";,0.'.'..i,',:-",:,1::....':::..i.,, :-.::::.:.',: ''- .' „'::.' ''''''...''''''' . * ..::' ,"'::'......'.?..',*..1,.......": ,' ':;, :. • \'' . 4 .. ............ . , ...:„.„ ... - ..::: ............,....... . f.,,,,>..,.q.i:..:&:::: .....ois.ii:::•::i?: ::,.. : ..,.,,.. .-,.....i.fg1........ ' •-..;,...- ~ 2, - ....... ........ ... , ....... ~. •- . • ...-• - - • -...- .•.- ..• . wy5:,,,,,,..„,:::,;„:, -..,........:.;',.-:::::;:......'.:.::::::::*.,:',...8 .• <[, .. ...: i,.",...1..::*.::*::::',...:. •],:,..;....;.:... 41 ' • '... F. ~-..,*, ~,,,, 1. . . .. '. • • . • . :.• . • , • : s . . ' •' , •,,,, . ~ . . . . ....

LANCE-CORPORAL PETER, LAWLESS. Wounded. street, has been wounded for the second time, ptid is now in hospital at Sheffield. He was visited on Monday by , his mother, who found him progressing 4avourably from a wound in the left hand. He was previously wounded in the arm about twelve months ago. Lance-Corporal Lawless, who is in his twenty- fourth year, enlisted upon the outbreak of war and has been in France .about fifteen months. Ile .was formerly employed by Messrs. Rylands Bros., Ltd., and as a boy attended St. Marys R.C. School. His brother, Thomas Henry, of the A.S.C.; has been invalided home from France, while another one, Frank, who also served at the Front with the South Lancs. Regiment, has now -been discharged. PRIVATE J. BAIRD. Bullet Penetrates Both His Cheeks During An Attack. Private .John Baird, of the South Lancs. Regiment, attached to the .Royal 'Warwick Regiment, son of the late Mr. James R. Baird, 83, Leghstreet, a former brewer at Messrs. Peter Walker's Brewery, has been wounded, -and is now in hospital at Manchester. Writing home on August 23rd from the 20th General hospital, France, he said I have been wounded in the jaw, -the. bullet going in at the right side of my face and

• • • : 4Nltiteiggit.:::llt.l772:N4.4rgettlAtt.:l: OX4MORBISF 0114Keir".111%11,-...:,,•:,•••••1:::::::::4.-4:4:::;;?;.41nkqtt• • ktititte: , Att. •. • f.".• - • :•:, • , • •

THE UNIVERSAL CAR The Ford van comes at a time when the carrying trades, horse ,shorn, railway ridden,and sucked dry of men, are in urgent need of just such a vehicle in order to "carry on." There is but one Ford van body, in sheet-steel, neat, capacious, waterproof, "of utility all compact."

•, _------ ItJ , _-11 7411 • _____iL .--------,-,, _itt----L : vs--, • 4-;,.--. ''':'-c -A-4,1,5:7.'?,,Z',1=1—F1:--- -`' ' ..,„, ( i 0 ' 14i _ 20 H.P. Efficiently equipped. Steel Panelled body with double doors at rear. Extreme height floor to roof 52 in., extreme width 51 in., length behind driver 50 in., width of well 35 in. Price (at Works, Manchester) Xl3O. For fuller particulars and demonstration apply to : , THE COUNTY MOTOR CO., STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, Telephone: WA.qR.INGTON. G 3, Stockton Heath.

\'q , - • , , ALWAYS ASK FOR . ,wEL0,..,., PURE ~ , Mr COCOA. he most economical drink you can have. 1 I UARTER-POUND TIN 641°' makes 30 'us and nourishing cups of cocoa, costs 111. THAN A FARTHING A CUP. ~ THE COUPONS BUTTERFLY CHOCOLATES. he Cocoa Factory, Go!borne, Lancs. ' * - 1.1.----

,-w ."7,- - ; 22:4,,,z.,-- ----."- cz, ,-•-,-..---.:;,--4,:, i qer4v9e.:—..thir,v 6"0 r•.. , ' ' , e • • -_=*--- /• /, 1 ..,A, --V .• /(7 .-...- Vt.: vA4l7i'l' -'. • :.. 4..• / - • 7.f./// rc C•• 7 -.1 • A.:4„,. .. . 1 7,4: i ~. ••• -, 1. .1.,5, -,,- _ I /* ":„,..: „,' 4/ -.1 .4 ' 7' s . •* 4/ -- ‘' ?4,1 "*. , . '4:l .."e"... 4. ia,/ .0. ,e, :.• '" ."' r.'4' •'t. . -,:-..,:r -/- - ei,„ • ~,...-:;./r,,,, .•44"fil -,- ..;VP :74' "4- -•• e• 4 ~t• rk, cr.-A__-'• c::: . • ,14/..*,.: -`, . '', V:•,./Afi fii, T..-. A Perfect Skin-Condition ~,,,,y,,-.:: ,t),. „.....,- , ~ ,„,, /' ' 5, ' ~,u, ..., !4•' ' / / •:',... i • /,,i,:_ (if , nj-, 4,4, r.,-44. eA 1 , 1, i 1 •./ - .. '"; r:;!-•••0 ',• ;, . 4 • . ONE OF To realise this (11.).. ~ft ` Iv. , az±,e. c• 42, c.' —4 38. '7,r-1,,,V. • ;•.'' 'Dears' ideal, nothing is OF ALL ' IAL. '' ) '3, .A.• "01- -,;%‘ " 1 , A ,Ar„ •' 4: 4'74, C., n • ~.. .1/4 / ,r. tr., ..-L.i .. ( , 0 bill„)4, ' ' :6. ::. , "7' -- - ''•.','P . ? 1 fi(1114110- I. ‘ . ' .4:=•.'""71:: A ^C‘7,: I 44:::',514:- (///k/ ~.4 , - -.1,-i-i,••--•;,.•>•;, it 2, %t: NEW GOLDEN SERIES- mo r e helpful than cHEmisrs AND -. ,'.-/Mf'- .7:1 .„ . ...7, .t.,,,,, . -, - . e• A, , ~,,, t,, ,-, r ''s , . 0.., tililli: , j . '' '-': ..4; • t 'r.:lir , e : , - -C. I IV 4:g. k ~..r • .. -.... 'N,.5 .„.... ,:"."-Ael_vvoi:Or , - ,•.... ... . , .- tts -.. ' • ti-:- till A,. ..- ,-,-- 4.'w,•,/,' -. . r .4, i/ / .4 .. - S 9 Vz, ,-)C, rlx, .„, ar, 4 ./'.. (.., 1.: b 1 f ~* •-4 - 7 • • - A 4,, '7 , ,',..ilE 1 : ;t • .* '4 1 4,t:•‘...--4,_ PEAR "BLOSSOM -, Pe ~.. ,-. ?,tri f..,1 -...,;.. 14 / , .4... ~/,,,,, „,,,, ,-. Taiell et s'•, 'to? ...i .wd ~,,,.,.. r x,..., ~...,1,..: 4t-ralit('--..-•••..: .1.,v,,,‘ •. I/ ~ ~.., 4," : -_-- -,-,„,.....•-o, An entirely new preparation, embodying the result of ~. /,,,/,. ...„ . r„ di ' "....1 : ill/ 41' ik e, .- '' • -*"' • generations of experience in the manufacture of toilet -%,10/iiggy: Pf ,-::, - -,'-.• -1- --7- ; - - - ///4.71-i../ !i„,,,.. 1 products and a full knowledge of the hygiene of the skin. ...., th- klyii- e ,_11" / Absorbent, antiseptic, and of the utmost refinement and 4,p4;,1 , •- - ,- T ,r, - -2 daintiness. Prevents chafing and irritation. 44, . . /3, ~,,/,,,11,1,,,,, . ~,, 7 • /74‘11/ 4. .. ..,,q -ft1,114 / / .1 A FOR CHILDREN it means constant skin -coolness and comfort s• 7. / A. i dip", ,-) ": frg FOR LADIES it means a clear, fine, healthy skin at all times ee;yli 4'i fl ,:-•,. 11, : ,- r -!Th.ringl7..m__._,,,.. FOR MEN it means a soft and soothing halm after shaving ,- It :::r- eqj ~ :tti4r,-.'"' a<P 2...11:- •r 3 . ---..r •:: J.:„.1 -. s ra4l , _ .%.-,„. • ' )4 ' ./ ~,1',.%'-' - dk:l - - r-ilt-N.**,:tig,v4,'-'-'-';-•.:Z_:i - . 4 A,// 1, -ir 0 f '' • "1,1.---•:--,: - - ----., - - ~.., • yip-, ' '''fit /-/-------e•-•1 • ' l'4 ',77).---1, ~,,,,,f,/..4,,...; - -- ' ,7--::-7".-•'., • - % ::.a- --1.-- - ...kt, - 0,4 , ~,....1. • A. &F. PEARS, Ltd. °A,"/, p• ' ' //// 0.7....-t• 11r'..,‘ ---7,,A,..4.----16* ,:,.,,:,,,,!' •'- ---- - / -,:__.....-.-• A .. -4 -- / af 7145, New Oxford Street, London. ; _.,..0•••"" -- ''', '''' " . -:;k_1----'g'' ",,,e,,,,,,, tt. . .'Pln -- - •, , •••••• ----=r4 _- - „„-- 4 =-----"'-- ''' ' - ' : ' ` vr-:/-* , - ---•-•; •-•-•. ,' f 1 A---) , - • :. •t' -1-'.......k_.: :144 , __,_.,--,,--- ____>,_-.,_' , _.„.1,4.41t::, ? illi filik7,,,, ..,004/h fy /i: -.- ~/1,1141//,/,/ 0_,..‘ •• ___,.- , . ; - " , .-'.?.. tr-• -,r_..---0•,--,,. .... -.-•.•_-- ,•. I 1 ~,y- /, • 11',11,1- • ...4,e,,,,':.:•4, 4,.••••Y.f, Mint. .0,4-;. ~ , • , -2,. ...,, -.- ,-, itEW-V.--N-,0 - '-' ~ , • -4-7,' ~,c;;;;-,:-.740/•,,,,%,%,•,',14•4•J,,,, , , , ..4.,...., c.,51.1,,,,, .- „, . 44f-Te, f,,,,t,•:,,,, .1„,----„. . -....-. ........." -----.• -' •• < 1 , • • • •d'' ~.,je ' It, '..1, r=----...,,,,- -, , - ----4,---,.- - ~" ?WI, -..,,,,---•<- - -.....:;er ' .....- . '' .. • --.... 'l4r- •.?"' '5ll-L--' .0- ... -.PlMarfAl-ifiL zr a‘r' ' ~,- - --.- --- ) • w.tek.,o -•'. v‘ , ~ • ---,.. -..„..-,0,,,,_ ‘l,- • ''.._x-,,- _-, _..,--- .---- - • ...ft -, ,• - 4 - ~---•-- - 1-- ' `,.'s ' „.. , .--r,,,,, ~,,i, ,-,_ _ ~f• , -,T,-,,,,_-_, ....,.. _.....,.. , ..----.,-- -- iiwtr .t„ 7il , .0.- ' • i --;1%,(110); '-,_.„,,,_:--,•ix17,-- .....,„,,,,,, 4 -.^ -:. 01;4 , volt_ ----- .0.-,,. , ' ,Irs '''',. , = -..,-----', - - • _ - --.-1,-,---, ..,,,,„„ - i•ki,,,,S; :re -,..m.-N.... .4ekth:, No, J.( ,:',..v..ty./N, 4 00_1.... i . NI; at g ..,,,,.....V.„ el". WN A4l 4 ~ t 'VI ." -.--,--;-- --- • - a ' --' ' '-'- --' '; 'C'. \ ',f • • JP'' N., 't '"-:-, '''./ ' '- '.'. '. - --A s ~ I I ' ~:: A-: 4 ;-,- • ....-A-", -,' --4.-- .t.ii • e ~,. • -0,1 / 4 ...--•.-i• ..4','°'"i-1-,. ~,t.l•4'!if - s.= - •7_, ‘.l•-•"' - --..1:""' '7.----=---: -...-4/t.."/ 1.• -.."`-41%.,4 - *-P-1/'' 4--_-;,--,' ,1,;•"..._.)1:7,1.tfii,V6 ,A,Al.,,zit'4_,.,- --,;•',-,-.: ~".4_-_.;-!..:.•t--; ------•••.'" ...‘ fr i s"a4,- „ .....e, -.l*. . %.,• ‘ ' / •--• -•'-• no‘ • - - " '04% rar -'-'• .. -; k. :- • ......• 13, -.....-, - ~.... .-,- ii.?„ . N,N,4,./ ' R - ..• .-. ir -,--- ~; , 7, , r Upe• --,:-...- - ,r • •1, 1 ... •••••'-'1'....: N,, _ ' 4-',:---: #l, - • -. i Vg.,...... ...,...--.......- - `i"' 'C, P. . 44" ---. ',O, . Nt f' JP - a''' `. ''- ' V . /MY /111111.1101111......

when I saw it. was out when the paper came, and out when the prize came; but still I thought I had no such luck as winning. I was delighted to know, that I had. won. I have put a brown paper back on the book, and I will take great care of it, and keep it neat.—l remain, your loving' nephew, JOSEPH PERRY." SAVED BY A HYMN. 'Here is an old and striking story from the• " Presbyterian ":—" Many years. ago some Americans in crossing the Attanttia- were singin4 hymns together on a Sunday evening when an exquisitely rich tenor voice joined' in. "Jesus, Lover of My Soul." Another of the singers stopped suddenly to listen, and. when the glorioua voice sang the, verse : All my trust- ow Thee is stayed, All my hetp, from Thee I bring. Cover my defenceless head With the. shadow of Thy wing," the listener said to himself, "By George! It is the very man!" When the service was over ha went up to the man with the glorious tenor voice and asked, "Were you in the Civil War?" "Yes," he answered, "but I fought on the side of the South. I was a Confederate." "Yes, you were a Confederate, and you were posted as a sentinel at such a post on such a night?" "Yes, I was. How do you know?"" Doesn't that hymn you have just sung tell you?" "To be sure," cried the other. "I remember now. I was posted at sentry duty near the edge of a wood on a night that was very cold and dark, and as the enemy were known to be near I felt unnerved, homesick, miserable, and, to tell the whole truth, .afraid. To comfort and encourage myself I sang that verse of .the hymn, All my trust on Thee is stayed,' &c., and felt somehow a strange - peace, come down upon me, which remained with me all that long and lonely night." "Well you might," said the other, "for you owed your life to that verse and your voice. I was a Union soldier, and that night I was in the wood with a party of scouts. I saw you standing on sentry, but could not see your face, and I ordered' my men toi-cover you with their rifles. At this momeAttyOu broke out with that glorious voice and verse, which rang through the still night and seemed to paralyse my men. They looked at me when you came to 'Cover- my defenceless head With the shadow of Thy wing," and I answered the look, All right, boys; lower the rifles,' and we stole back to our lines." THE HAPPIEST BOY. Who is the happiest boy you know? Who has the best time of it? Is it the one who is the very best runner, who has the most marbles, who gets the biggest Score at cricket, who has a good bicycle, or who wears the best clothes? Let us see what this story has to say about it:— Once there was a king who had a little boy whom he loved. He gave him beautiful rooms to live in and pictures and' toys and books. He gave him a pony to ride, a boat to row on a lake, and servants. But for all this the young prince was not happy. He wore a frown wherever he went, and was always wishing for something he did not have. At length one day a magician came to the court. He saw the boy and said to the King, "I can make your son happy. But you must pay me my own price for telling you the secret." "Well," said the King, "what you ask I will So the magician took the boy into a private room. He wrote something with a white sub- stance on a piece of paper. Next he gave the boy a candle and told him to light it and hold it under the paper and then see what he could read. Then he went away and asked no price at all. The boy did as he had been told, and the white letters on the paper turned into a beauti- ful blue. They formed these words : - "DO A KINDNESS TO SOMEONE EVERY DAY." The Prince made -use of the secret and be,ame the happiest boy in the kingdom Willie's Reasoning. Willie: "Papa, if I was twins, would you buy the other boy a banana, too?" Papa: "Certainly, my son." Willie: "Well, papa, you surely ain't going to cheat me Out of another banana just 'cause I'm all in one piece?"

Reduce your Meat Bill. Puddings made with ATORA Shredded Beef Suet are sustaining and digestible-11b. cartons is. and 11b. cartons 61d., with recipes—goes much further than raw Suet. Ask your grocer for it.

Drink BARLEY WATER• made from Robinson's systo' Barley

- MC DOUCAUS keELF 0 FLOUR Isis is British milled and is British in its unfailing , RELIABILITY. ,

Rok , Best House Coat' ". NUTS & SLACK, WASHED NUTS, 'BEANS, & PEAS, • I CROUTON & SHP/CROSS° LTD • • COLLIERY PROPRIETORS. 1 Dallam Lane, Warringtoft, AND AT CAR TERMINUS, LATCHFORD. AR inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent.

HAIR DESTROYER James' Depilatory Instantly removes Superfluous Hairs from the Mee Neck, or Arms, without injury to the skin. Of most chemists; or, free from observation, poet free on receipt el Postal Order for Is. 3d., Pe. Pd., in 64.—ftfro. N. IMMO :?.tlB, Caledonian Road, London, N.

Safeguard your Health with tyCJ.COMS R .rOWne's cblorody e THE RELIABLE FAMILY MEDICINE. THE HEST REMEDY KNOWN FOR DIARRH(EL COLIC, AGUE, COUGHS, COLDS, and kindred ailments. NO BETTER PRESENT to make a friend on Service at home or abroad than a bottle of this famous Medicine. Of all Chemists: 1/3, 3/-, 5/-. ALWAYS ASK FOR A "DR. COLLIS BROWNE."

1 ElnE-GLASSMS Have a pair which will improve your personal appearance. Our Stock in- cludes the Newest Productions which are the last word in daintiness. Call and see our speciality, the " KRYPTOK " Invisible bi-focal' lenses. R. !JACKSON MOSS, 69, LONDON-RD., STOCKTON HEATH.

Notices of births, marriages, and deaths, in memoriam notices, and acknowledgments of ' sympathy are inserted in "The Examiner" , at the following rates :—Not exceeding 20 words, 1/6 eack; every additional seven words, 6d.

Deaths. BENNETT.—September 4th. at 233, Liyexpool-road, • Frederick Bennett, aged 73 years. MASON.—September 3rd, at 42, Hopwood-street, James Mason, aged 35 years. NEWELL.—September 7th, at 53 , Green-street, Emma Newell. aged 82 years. ROLL OF HONOUR. BERRY.—Rifleman James Berry, killed in action, September 8, 1915. Fondly remembered by his WIFE.

• In Memoriam. BRIDGE.—In loving memory of my dear mother. Sarah, the beloved wife of the late Richard Bridge, who passed away September 11th. 1911. JONES.—In loving memory of Eva wild' died September 11th, 1909. Clothed in robes of spotless white. Now she dwells with Thee in light. Acknowledgments. MR. HARRY BURROWS and FAMILY desire to express THANKS for the sympathy shown to them in their recent bereavement.

LOCAL INTELLIGENCE.

‘ :.: ~...„....„......„....,,„.. • • • .....,,,,.......,...,.. ' '' .--,]•::::,..:,:::::•::::iiiii,*:::,•::iii:ki;i'iiiiv,i4?:,.i.:io:-..:. - .:',.::;',,,,::::::AiggiV? „. *::•.*::Ai'zi?::Oisii.v..ii it:L. . Vg.T.?..R.,..,.,ati... , . , ..' . • •••• 4: .: - ''.."14;-*::•''' I:: ~,, .-. . • ' ••••••• ''.:•••::::,; ':, ..:..;.:-...;:::::.-::::::"..*:.3..,,:1, .. . Ai:: .4....... v.-. i:.----.,.:..: , , .„... ' .:-:•-•--.4::::::,5,:,:kitiittleit; f.'%'''Ji.;''.:::-V:::,ii''iki,l...:.,i'l.....'::'*''''.,::.,l:,....:,ligiiiiiiitifilliiiiiii. ;- 11111:45f1"$. ,:-::- •''',..l ' . 4:::A.,,,i.,,f;.:;,:,?:i5.ii:,..VAwAiK:iii,i:!.::K:.;i.:.....,.ii, ,g•;",:,...,L',..:0111*:ir , • ~.::.,...-i;7.,.k:::.•,i.i:.:-zi.!i::iiv:::::::i:i:".::.i...g:::::;:- i':?':::isß.4:l::,.'zi'.4V4::...: „ii•::::•ii...'.:.'. :,.- .:„..... " :.111%1111111.14111.134t111 ,:/:..i::::....;.:;::2r.::::••.. ':'.:::•:I3:::-...!griiNIMINVIIk14.* lilt ,:-.....;:„...4g3:..,::::j.:::1::•:...;44,k.ti1igr4M:11t•ir,.. ::,;:f.4...A:";::::.::::',:, . -...,0:::0.!...An.::.1•ANi.k1iti1iAN0:N.0.;.,:i: :...,..p.e. -::::..0....,...:.:, :,--.E:•-•::::,.::.,•:••ik:..:::::.Niati.:j.,14::.0,:.i.,....i.i:•.....c;...:m...- :•,-..:::',.! .;:::::0::.:::•••••::: '1.„„„••„::•'''''--- - ... ~*•:.::::..•:;•......":,:,:.:.,...,:p . - , :::':!;,:i:?10:::::.i.:.::::::.•::::. I .. ~ . -t;-, -• . - .:. ....''''...f744.:,ii.:t::::ii:••••::: 4:.:,.,--..... -ikt4o*itois.6 ....,..:/.....-.... ~,,te...:,,,,.,„::....• :.:..,.....::::::....1:,,',Vt1it44(!.::-..;.i...4.•:•:::.:....,111.1' • :.'.•'':.4iit.....'5..1.:.i.'i!.1. •....„ . ~. ~• • t ..." .-.17:...k.::::-...1'....: ~.......,,,..:,,,,.k,,,...:kw...:.;:...,.-:i....-..::',........:,..:.,..,.,....:::::,,f,-,:ift.n,...A.,......4::,... ..:*.:.:::„. ~A.,::,...::.......„,,..::::,,,,,,:•.:- :' 1...;,:...c.,.....,..-...:!.,?!.:::?,:.::„-!.-!:14.!-..::::::;:::::::,., ......--,,:...:::::,A.,..i:.......:::::!:.:,:,...:.:...,,.....!.. .......•.. r,,,,',..,...'..-:.*,:...:,if.1iii..::.:.;:.11114 -A.7...:#20::::.:.....,..,,.i.i.:::....:;-.•.....- -..' w......,-....:. - ,

,• " ' , •1•!,:,:.:' , , ~,, ' : 4...]:.A. i ~•Z.::.,•."*.. - ~ `••• : :, ''''')., . , j:•.,4.';','-:::: . ' • . ;; • •'— :,401w.... ~,,til6r::••• ' ... . ;:dlt , 1- - ' . :004*41*.... ••••• , ~- • :-'::":,,::*::::;:r4:7",:.:.:.:A.::':i:i410::/:::::::'• ::,,," ' :' ':"1*.t?„,ib1ti:...:..:•::,..::.,... ,'f',zr.::- .: 111.141:41.MeVii:::•:".... 4%..::::.tictriiialli:.::::l. ? • ' 4:%<N4i.j. i:.%::.:-. -:.• ..:: . 1..".: . ih:tirt,:..ittlii:K...'.....:,::-::::. . ..illeitito, -..,..,.;,,...,-,;,.,......:....,.4 , i.,:.:liik6w4-ft---....._••••• .. ...,.:•:,.„::,,,..,,..,,,::,..„4„.4,„:.,?,:,..•.:0:.:.,,, -•-• ~... . •;>*...;;;Wa:;4';ii:4:4.••• A. ''''''' ' `O.,

better news. Your son .was one of my old gunners, and I could always trust him to do his duty in the most difficult circumstances. Should I get news of him I will let' you know immediately." Private Shaw, who is twenty-three years of age joined the Army at the outbreak of war, and has been at the Front twelve months. At the time of enlisting he was employed on the L. and N.-W. Rail-Way, but had spent most of his time at the works of Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co., Ltd. He is a native of Pendleton, near Manchester, where he received his education. PRIVATE R. PEPPER. Weil-known Local Swimmer And Polo Player. Local swimming enthusiasts will learn with regret that Private Robert Pepper, of the Liver- pool Scottish, a well-known member of the Warrington Swimming Club, is officially re- ported missing since an engagement on August 9th. His wife, who resides at 47, Gladstone- street, has received- an intimation to this effect from ,the War Office, along with the fol-

':.:::•....,.i....,7i....iii.1:.,:..1:::::.:1:4..ii::::::::...5:_1.'4.. W..t........,.f.:.,::..i...,....,.....::::'.'::::..,,.'':1'.::::!....!::::;-:::.':'::t:::::::'!::;:!..,.?:::'....:::::!.::P.O....' iiii.diii. Nigel. ElE:illin :::;:......).:.--.:,.....v..:_i.:i.0:-:',"-.. - .2 • 4001110 r, . '''..... '' . •*4 - ' . '-',,,,, . _ .4. , . • --...,:.,,. . , ~.„•,• ...,,,..:::, .. 4 • .., ~.....,„;. . 0.,.,.....„.,,.,„,.. • '.'4,:1'::.:. ' :.:::.i'.....:',::.:,':,•:'..:.i.:.;.',.'.•;‘,. .......:,.i...:-::::il , • ::....i:-.',ii::::::::.R: ' • , ' ''...::•: :......::::1:.,.:.::•:... ' .•:.:•tsi:::t.•-•:::. . ••... ,•.:•:1:"....,:',....,...,::•......:i..ii-::.,„:..-::::::::-:.„.:::-.?.::,:.*:.., ~ ......:::-...,.. ::...-:........„.,••,:::.,„.5.,::::,g.:::::..E...-::.:.ft.E.:...,:::::. ,;•..:-..: r."....:-..'.::-..'-..:-' :.:::-.f...-!'-':W.iiiiiit$::::::::'!.:,:!:.;:,!..:'::::',:::::::!:::•• . ..,.,......,:;;••,„ .*:4,Z;0:i,g!'i'......;:.:.:::*,::::,Aif•H .: ' s-.../......„:1.„--•:::::::.:1'.:.,s::*14:::.•-:,114.,4.',„::::,.;:„...].:::,.:„". . . • ''..oiit:::,,.:::::4:::':itg..A:::;:r:ti*.iii4Tik.:]'•:::.,:iil,;:.::"::..4.N: •••, ::-.':••.. . ••:-'::,,T.:'::::,::•'''.:.:•!:-.;:m.::404:rigtiviOggiNg••:.:•-•,.... •.: . ~.i.:-..-.:::::.,....- : J.•:-.,:.,•••• -I. .1:•::gA1wig,......rt.:-• .';.`f,::.*::;',:-.-...::,• . .:•••?::. • •:,:::::',. -: . m_ii.-,1..m.::.i.•::::... ....• ••• :': ::.: ,:.: •-•:-...'••:-:....:•]...• ::::...:. ::..:. ~.ur5ii:iritiwitg:••..,,.....:...„..,„... ~-: •• .. - ..,:-..::::::ii.:-.i:.........,:., .-.: . ~.miwAfi:;..;:lo"gietif.:•...il::.-i,.;,:....k :...,.,.;• :*., •..„,::;.i..!,..,-...,.,.i.,,,,,:::§,::::::-:,:..:5::::••••••••••:,.....,-% ':•.:.:::....:.-•• .

PRIVATE R. PEPPER. Missing.

IVATE A. DUNN. Fate Of Widow's Two Soldier- Sons. About three weeks ago we reported the death in action of Private ~Peter Stanley Dunn, of the,. Royal Dublin Fusiliers, son of Mrs. Dunn, a N. idow, 1, Stout's-yard, Foundry-street; now We regret to state that her remaining soldier-son, Private Albert Dunn, of the South Lancashire Regiment, was reported missing after an engagement on August Bth. Mrs. Dunn would welcome any news concerning him. Private Dunn, who is twenty years of • age, has been in the Army about twelve months,

. . .>... . , . . . . . . • • ~., ,v. . , . ~.,., .. . ....,... .. .. . • sie ':... . , , ....i:-..., ~;......, .. •.. \ . ' : :.: i5*....... ' • , , , 1.,:•.-:': . ' . ' ..- si;:i...-,.......... vt, ... %:".:t:iy.::: . .-...-11.;:',:!:::.ki1Ug.., TiVNi-:. .::::.'• • '*V.,:-,..,..,:;.. c;) ........,.,.:..,.. ......,. ..• :• .. -.:. •;!-!:, .: • ‘...:i ,J.-....,:5...-.::: ......-4,,F,......4.......,:.:.:::-.. .-.-: - ...1-.::,,, • .....-..:: ....::•,:v.4,.!.. <.-••,.:..,.......e.r,..-,....,...-...:::..,,,,........:., ~. , . , .'-.** ••••:.tfi:..':..1........::-.,,-........i''. I .:...:'.......,i,e':.ii!...-:,'....4;..,U.''''...-.:.4.41e..-.1...p.....;:::: - . ...-,..„,:„.. 4-...,........-;:..1...::.,......,,:. ::.,..,....,,:-.. ~o.::.;:l4l.o.iggrw>. .... :::;:.1.:1;;;;''f..,...., . ..,ip..1..;,,,z..:..*...5.g.:,.;, ti.:•!ik..... :.,.,-4.F.‘4.41,;,.:f:W. . -. i •:.: '-';;z:: .-1,:-...10.t; "..:.'.:."Al;;;;..iiiii'.;*`..::::;s:tii.,s:. - .. 4 .c.'.:1*••?.'>i...:•'.?••k...-4:1:.:14,14-4,0,4. , •*.. . -:.i,... • ~....c..:i;,...-.44,15, ..::: ~),:,,,,:0.,...?:-..i:,::.:.:.:,.......;•;.;;?.:::.,..;:-.-...-• ~,,, .

PRIVATE A. DUNN Missing.

and at the .Front about a month. He was educated at St. Alban's R.C. School, and was formerly employed at the Aluminium Works. His favourite hobby was fretworking. His father, the late Mr. Lawrence Dunn, who has been dead about seven years, was an old soldier, having eighteen years' service to his credit in the old King's (Liverpool) Regiment. PRIVATE EDWARD BOWERS Conflicting Messages Received From War Office And Friend. Great uncertainty is felt regarding the fate of Private Edward Bowers, of the King's (Liver-

.....„.... ~....: ....... . :, •.• , ..--,::, - . '.......,,............-:.:....,.....:.:-.....,:-..,1:,...-.:-.,,,:h.- ...... -:::::i....,,...-....:.........-....,-,...i.5.:::............1........i..........1,1„ ''' ' . ''• •• ."-...., .-..4;:,o.iiii:,,Vi::.Wii .: •, ' , . , :,, ' ',••••••,' :',-:::::.:'::::::::::0):40 - . , . . •-,,,,„ .--•:,f.ri'A,:.:.::&M : l'Y'Zi-.."..ir11:4-i.,'..40:',,...: 1.4 A-,: ~A..,,, ...,..,....:-..,......:i.4...,::.:... ...,......;;;,,....01.Ai.::. -.:,,, - ?.,.-..,:.,...,-...,,,.......::,::......,..,..--.K......... :,...-.,. fi:::::',W,§•>4.:.;:X.....,,,Ei1:,::, , .. .. '...'..... ~.".., ~. ..,:c.',........";"'..":••••;:iti,:.::.::::::.. , ',..,' ....,.,...f.,..40.40,•ARK;;1i... • ',,,:1if4:...f ,:0;.;?;,!Y•':', ' ' ..;-...,;',- .: ,j';,..''.%' ::::',.1;1:4:01.I.1::::',.t. ---,,,,,eN' 4kiti.,...-. ..,;.. ~...--......t:.,....::;.........i1x...,......i.. ::,,..: -.... :,: '., ........-.......?:e.p........ 0......,,,•••.„ ~.. % :-........,::: ............. . . . .......,....- ~.!..:.: - ~.......)...,....,.... ..,:,..::' . s.• - . , ..;,...;:,,,....4. A:.....\?..-.,.... ~..- ,-,4,. .. ',...•::*,ti-Ar':-..:::::'..ttZglat.;:-::'........". .....;.:44:11..',1`,:' .;,:',..'. '- '',' • •••••.:;:at•;".'.`..',.: 4', ::101.:.,...).4;•••,... . • . ' illiT,1114; ... : •,,': :::: t:i... '''...7:',.-...1.".: . ...:'.......4:1t..::•*;i::4:•044::5,•• :::::,.., :11:4114:0t.'....):.;;A,'.<4 :',:2...-..,:',.,'.::4f.:.•-1i:?.....77'i11i.:4C4:.:.-Cifi.*...-;.;;•„„..:* t; .._.V:iip..gßf'4,;g:: ;17.•:::.1'. t •,;,§..santilig...N..9', 1i.0i'4,..''..,..i.,................. •.iii0,;.•...-<":`•'•:*g.,:i4i,4,,-,5 ...:A.:*:,':..§:4"1::;..1.: it :::.:**' A.,.:',.;:i2:00 ..i*f:5k..:0.'i:.A:,•::::::::.1....:-.:,:.1.'::!,...'...Z..:::Ze4;4;45'::::.'::;,°'-.l.4'''''''''444'.`,,, ..:.k:"4"..::::.....°: :::?:#:::.5,M,:0v.J:',:. :...:401t.-.g,:.E.:..MM0r0m5,-,‹..:..ww.:'::::•::::::a*.; ...'siezt7r.::ii... :: .....:',4'N:-.W1:A:':4.:c1.*:',1.,.1.A.::.::::..:::';',1:-...•:',4'

pool) Regiment, who resided with his brother- in-law and sister, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Sinclair, of ,Longdin-street, Latchford, before enlisting at the opening of the year. A letter dated late in July was the last com- munication received: On the 30th of that month a friend Wrote that he had not seen anything of him since they both went into a charge. Since then the Wtir Office have posted information that he was wounded on August sth. This information, giving hope to the rela- tives and friends, the depot at Preston has been communicated with several ;times, .3 but they replied 'consistently that they, have "N.) further information:" ' A few weeks previous to going into the attack Private Bowers had a narrow escape, the maga- zine of his rifle being blown away. Before enlisting he worked in the shop of Mr. E. Coates of Bridge-street, and was well-known at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. • Any information as to his whereabouts will be gratefully received by his relatives. RIFLEMAN H. JONES. News Of A Missing Son Anxiously Awaited. Rifleman H. Jones, King's Royal Rifles, and son of the iate Mr. James Jones and Mrs. rilesketh, of 26, Powys-street, is officially re- ported as missing since July 23rd. Any news

t.w5r.,•%...,:'•."•:,••=•:' • • . .• • • • • . • • #4.I•NIL " ima,:,.Wou: • . • vvostiels.o4.6.4:tiiil4,47-.4..i.:*1,,,,nr:;.p.5, ev \4J4 • . ,• • • • ..•ts - •• • ,74.1 • • • ‘. • • . • i•',0"••• • :'.'•!:.•t::4•Z:iir;:gie'.••• • •:'• • •*&415::Aii,:.??4";

irt , PRIVATE H. JONES. Missing.

WOUNDED. PRIVATE T. WILLIAMS. Officially Reported Killed, But Only Slightly Wounded. Although official news was received by Mr. and Mrs. J. Williams, 8, Ashton-street, of the death of their son, Private Thomas Williams, there arrived by the same post a letter from the son himself saying that he was only slightly wounded in the head, and is at present in a base hospital. A chum, Private Richard Hewitt, who has been transferred to the base on account of being tinder age, writing to his

S. , , k• it, < • 0.. , ~ -',, . '.,;- ,ws •-i,,,,,-. ‘ .s,,sl;-.,,/'%;,,.i',,,,:::,:„..,:-.,,,,,:.,..,-, , - '' ' ~,' :,44,,..1:',-' :,•--..,'‘,'',-,'s - ..i; , 'emmill /

PRIVATE T. WILLIAMS. Wounded.

home in Watkin-street, says that Private Willititms has been brought to the hospital where' he was working. Private Williams, who is 19 years of age, was formerly employed by Messrs:. A.. Waring and Co., Ltd., and is an old boy of Wycliffe. School. Two of his brothers are serving,. Private George, of the South Lancashire Regiment,. and Private Walter, of the Scottish IlighlauffPre..• PRIVATE JACK WITTCHERLEY. "My Best Gunner," Says. Officer In Letter.. . Private Jack Wytcherley, of the Machine Gun Corps, only son of Mr. and Mrs 8.. Wytcherley, of 20, Eustace-street, writing, home on a field card, says he has been Wounded in the leg by

. _ ..,. • .i.:-....,..::•.--...•......• „,. ~..• . .........,,',.f.::.,.:.:': ... r.....,:, ~....: ••••••• ... • - . • , :. . . ''':::r.-:'....,,:?-::,,Ak:',.i.::::.•::::.............,.::::,.,.T:'.**.t.,•:.:::. ..,.....-.....--,• ~.....,..,..-,....,..,...,..., • • .........,„,..... ' ...i.....:.',.....ii:t!,i'.:r.k4f1..:,•;:,.........:.1'!4i.:,:!.r.„t7.,.7-.7.7*...:i-.:....:•......... ~.i.....,*:::::,::•..... • •.,.. •• ...,. . ..„.. ..., •'..„4,'.::•.. ' ' .::: . ..4::::::::::1,::::.....„......„ • .1::,...-,.•:.-:...::.:....,........,_..,, .. ' • •Ii•-•:•,•.-:.:,::.:•• .Ao=- ....,:,„,........: . ~..... . •440.""' . , - . -..*-:::'•::.,'':::?:',1ii..i...:iii:,... - . "•:::-.-...7::.•:•:::,!....••••••:.,-0,r,..?:-.....-:.'-'..,":•• •••:"::'-':":•'''.••••••.'":::::::::::i:::i.00-•:::-.<:•••,:.•;'.i.:,,I.:.,...,.-...,.::-..f,, .- 5.,,,04‘k '''' • ...'sfr*::::4'.:-. , , ~ '•:,:.'::":.'";', :.iiii...2::••:',::::::.?.:......,...:::.;i!b!,:-..E.':,,' . : '..,..,, ::::•,',1:.X,]1'410:-N1i:•:.i.•;:,..,:;•:...1'''''.--- ' ..; .-t.i....., ~... .„.4........4‘...::ti.:.1.:,.iiiiiii.........„. 1 ..ii,.,.... ..,...... :,,,...::........„..:..,i., ::...,.;,.:,.:::...;:...,......::.....,..,,..„...,...::.::..,..,..„:..,..:.:;...,.......,. • ....ff,- i;.,-. „i........,.i.i.:;: : 1,::::.,.::::1.....11::..,..4..1„.ii.,..:::::.:1:.:!,.......,.::::::...:....... , ..,...............i.3...:::.:::::,!!.::.........„....:„im.,,,;:::..1.1.::........ . . .........„:„..„„„,.....,,.„,.„.„,:,i,„.v,.„.:.:,.:,.,...„ .. , , ... ...:.:.......,,....1.„.,;.:;:„:„...,,... .... , ..., ..

shrapnel, but tells his mother not to worry ab it is only slight. His parents have also received the followivg reassuring message from his officer: •`lle is only slightly wounded—in fact, I assure you it is not serious—a piece of shrapnel in the leg. We all envied him as we pictured him having a long rest from the horrors of war and after a little time in hospital seeing old England again. My Only regret is that I have I2st my best gunner. He was always so reliable and wonderfully cool and fearless, besides which he was such a general favourite. It is so sad to lose one's best man after being out together so long." - Private Wytcherley was one of the first Boy Scouts in Warrington and also a member of the Church Lads' Brigade. He answered his country's call in August, 1914, and, as the letter from jhis officer proves, has "delivered the goods." He was educated at Heathside School, and before enlisting worked for the Whitecross Company. RIFLEMAN G. JOHNSON: Wounded By Shrapnel In The Left Hand. Rifleman George Johnson, a married man, re- siding in peace times at 61, Bewsey-street; has been wounded in the hand while serving in France with the King's Royal Rifle Corps. Writing to his wife he said: "I am in hospital, but expect to be removed in time. I got wounded in the left hand with shrapnel, but

..-4,...:..,..5.,..:;•:.•-,7.?.. ....r..,,...,,....,,5:•:-.::..-:...;!;; j..i. .-..:..,...j.t.,!:Zt..1*,...a.,46, {.(V. ..*: ,•::<...;....3.ii1.::::Z..i'• ...,:..,,, '...:z.;•<....A:::,:•ZA:.4*''' • • ~-4f,:,,,r..,k.ib.:.'6,43.:,, , ,:.::•.:::- . iy..,s ~.....:..- ' . /.:.-.4,,,,, z.44.it t,....E'::+.' AWill'j/A4.\ . : 'i, •'' ' .< )21/..;.; C: ' '''' - : .'4,54t4):;441 a*.0.:(0 .;;::.....,..-,-.,::::.,., , , :-..., , ~-.....„. ~..vic.:-•.- .-,,,..11:3.v,,,,..)... *4-: -::—*:*'?•,.. s' , „ . ' ./ : ',.,, -.‘.:AL-'l).'-?-,,..'4;.i ic:::.ivA;„„:,i. '... '' ' .., .... : ' -',-:i•-'1'41-..-::.; ''.4.c.N-;‘,140*- ...:,...;;•,....)3,:z.zzr.,,,, , . ..„., • k,- . , ..,41..., , ...,.... ~--.4 ' ...,4,,e,...-. 614::::.,:--.t...lti 4.,,,.. , . ...., .................„4.0.::::„..„,,,..,......„- „...,, , ..,....,,i,f,-,7,..„;.., **4044,:-., ' -::-'4,•;.'.4,:filitk‘4,,:::...x.' nestAi4:,:t!'sai ..,.:„.i.t.i..1A.,A,... ...;:- k .- . :•.'1,1<:,; '..', •' - i-. 4. . ' +,,,;...?,,,;',.: ii...?,-...,4,;**" ..-V's'.4y .7 :.;•'"Wie: ;\,114p,...,<,' , , . • ~..,:„?..,..v.:, ..:::', • .. •,, •;,'... ' , ........,,...'s.‘,, ..-...i? ~.1,"'...;.?.ii*:...,t, ',. \ : ''''''' '' 1.: :,.-‘,..•''. 4,.i\:,' ..'",4, .' :s t 7'4 t.,,....,.52,!:`,..4,•:1..0..,1:..,,..A!..:;:'::::. ~.,..:i,... • . ..., ~....,i.ct.:.,:....,* . ,•,,.., ::,::- 5......- ';- :4; , ' .41. zel ..,... .„,..,..„.....„...: .:,...,...„.........,,...,..,,..., :,.....,... . ~,i,,,,a0.1._.... gifS4,‘',:.' ..r:',..'...•,:,i,•4'.., s',.- k,...:, ~,...,,,,c f;'• ' .%4,0* '.. ". L ;., 4 !*. • ~., • s•W ,:i....4,tA 4161,4 'ss4'. ' • ..,,,,:.,.,....

RIFLEMAN GEORGE JOHNSON. Wounded.

FLYING OFFICERS. Missing After Daring Air Raid. CAPTAINS WHITTLE AND SKINNER. Two well-known Warrington officers who have fought the Germans on land and ' recently returned to France to fight them in the air, are now reported missing after a bombing raid on

4.m,,:t, ,-g'• ":. ..,,.."..ori ....„--,77,...,::::::::::::.]A1iiitiC;.'...1ti5'i4t...i'i,..:.;.§:.-%',:••:.14,.;. ......:,:.:::.......,„,..,•.....:,.„,..1:3,..4..,.;...„,:,:,,,,e,,,,-,,,,,,tb.54.4....-,n,N:e.,:At ~:,..,..,:,..,.1:::::,.,„:,:,:_....•..,:5.::z!..!.4...::i!...„,,,..0.., , .......... ~.,•,:;,,,,i,.,.,,•,11,...,,:..... :::......:....-kiiii4k...,.','.tts.,;:-...: .. • . . ''',',,:::::,:..1:::::':::••:••• ' -.l.:igiti:,:.:;iii.',s„:ll‘ll':;:'.:•:,: - :- - ......--:,,,",,"'ic,": . • .....• .....,,:: . ...,.::.,....:.,::::.,...:. ~..„:„t.§::,.:•,i,.0,.,.::,.,..:.:.:„..ii,:.:::::,:::::... . ...,,,,, , 1 .1.,:i!„....1t..4.5:54.;i...1........,16-....1..„!..;,:f...••••:::'•;.......:,:,::..... 1-:::..:..,,!.:,...:::':;.:i..i:!1:: • ' piiiiiiil..:,:litiii,..lti.,.- ::.:-:...:....*:.':::::::.•,:-':. .:,.:'..-...,,,-......iii'::,,.;.•' -' ~,,,,.:::.,.....,.::::.1:,.:.,,..,;.:.:..:„,,:::„:::,::::..,:.....,..•.,....,::::::,„...,.....:.:,..:: .5.:,,:,.r.,...:::- - litrizilli-,,:::iii-,...;;,.,,,,...i...,2:-•.:.!:-:.,i.....4,.::::,...1., k iii,-.:fi,.•: l:::: 1 t:::ii;!::',,::,.i:::...:::„„..:.:,'., : :'...••• ..:. • '..,4',..:',' '-< ~ -..i.Mp,:..,.*::::::::::.,•:`: ~' - . '..iiihi':::::::::::'::::::'• 'i. ••••::',....3•,-,-j!:!*.iii:i.'':.:. - ~' 1 ...i*,...:.„:.:;•:-•:•'• • .:'„,..:-;....'!'•,'"•,....„.:...'.4.44.::::1•:',:•..•...:: - . s . -...,'„i::::::..1.:•:: • ',:"•;,....••.• :::',•••••••••M:7....*;,. i ' :::,.:!,:...-,:'. . `"•:''.. ..: ..,y5::::f....: - • •-•.:::....::... , • .......... - . ~ ::...,...,,w."*.. t .. :. L.;4.;...,:...: : ~„ .."......:'.:.....,).: 46 . '.7 . . .. ..f.:',.'•,:\:.'',..::.---. ' , ~.. .. , ~ , •.,,,,,,..>„?.> 7

PRIVATE H. WRIGHT. Returned To Regimental Headquarters After Recovery. Private Harry Wright, of the Liverpool Scottish, and on of Mrs. Wright, a widow, 119, Liverpool-road, has now returned to his regi- mental headquarters in England after recover- ing from a wound in the leg. Private Wright, who was formerly employed as a clerk by Messrs. Rylands Bros., Ltd., joined the'Army-last year, and has been at the Front since May. ' PRIVATE L. MCMULLEN. Suffering From Severe Gunshot Wound In The Head. Yesterday morning Mrs. McMullen, Post Office; Winwick-road, received a telegram from the War Office informing her that hei son, Private Lawrence McMullen, of the Connaught Rangers was dangerously wounded. The tele- gram read as follows: `/ We regret to inform you that your son, Private L. McMullen, of. the Connaught Rangers, is dangerously ill at No. 2 Stationary Hospital, Abbervilly, France, suffer-

jit• ...rF.4 4:: ("k ANCsltli#7. 5 gottik,A,.::;„.:.--...<;,.7.:,? 410ii.::Nt.:,.-.,,%' %I:.?in6f.*:t:#ooif:ZMlN:444„;›, ::10tte:::,407.4.:000 RA*WiT: :!.4.??tit,K.1.,...'.. • '.......:.:.;,::',...::;,.444.;;&-P2flitAi:. 0RAtk.4..4.f..,...1.?.."C`...,:VigiN......;\...'. ''...;ie.P:4•4t1:0rk.:40.•,..i:-.> if.g...::,...k.-:".2 •:.arf-7.1.;:ft7,14,.'400.4tr..<: •-.:N..,,iz.:iy ', .. "`• - • "•:..i.:l,:,:igkoltie*" .::::..i.,...,•:,..• 4.,z,,,?#.• . s :* •:::.; 1-., . ..'' • , . ••.'''.:'.'.....:,.•'411!`": :.k.:-.:e:. • •:.:0111 • . • .. • .. . :•:'.:,:42:i ••••,:if..:•••:-..,:." •••,1,11%, ks":.,: . ,•.• ..i., ..i.::*:,,:.'"•.:.,:•40,:•zif,...'...::?.,..:***5it ..i'5..,.• ...••:•:%.,%::"..,:::-.,.> • :,k• :Vik,.4.Ai:::: , . ... ~ . .&*.,,‘Xi:'''.': i.,,41;4454. ,•:;e:'''i'.,• ~ .:•••••,..• ..:.'••••••::,.::ViKm.ft•-• ,•-•,,,:;4't . ..,•,.:.•,,? p......::..,,,,w:N05.: 0- .b.„:•., .:... -9•,::,t, 4' '4' .:e.,,,..".0- ;:;:..*.lrgetgs:''...‹.'.. 3gt-:.>„,.'i ~< • .4::,..' :;,I.:;; ,C. . ''A.' ' . .....:*•:i.EY,,.::•:&..eii.:‘:"M"iff«:. ael77.*: •...-..,.:::.:0444 -.,xc0vh014:4-4 ti....:.;:i4,..t.a:::.,• :.&:11.: . ...,..: ..:,.,iyi.:,:..i:.,,,,,,N.t...,,A,,.:,ip,,,...min:: . • :4,o*,::Rgbat:-;-„.,;,-,,.. ..:-..:40i.:::::...?.:§....,.,:::-.k.,:....:,......:,...-....,,:, -::„ ...,..,,,,,,,„..,,.:,:„:„..:„,,,,..........„ :::::.,..,.. ~,„:1,,:.x.(..,....„:::::::::-..,::.4,:vg,..::•:...,:.1...--....:.,..'.., .?,-,...„:„....„.„...:,:„......,„:,,:,v,:::::,,:.. y.,...,,,....., • „,, .0..,,.,....,....:_.„..„.. ....,., -,. .... .:,'...::.......:„...:..::::„.4......„......,>. :,. -..., ::,,.:„.i.„.„0.-....."".....„,,..,...',...-..- ... ..,:.,..:.....L.:,.:ke..•..,..,;....:::,.:,:,:,. ~,,,.-4.,::„.,:i*:,::,....*:,,,: . :,..4...::-:-.:#:. 4::40,,,,,,:' '..7.•:•.: :: •• ' .;:;I."!'•.:4,i::':W*V- ..:::::..:i-:••::%.:5„:..::-........talrl.' ::•:i. ; .....:",...,1V..;•fAii:.4,..1•0:.1'...• i.,..i:',..5.f,2•4''.:.5:: .:,.. • • •.. i - •-•4' V4O. .;..".V.V:i.i.:;.....,'..g:-:.'.. .:::*,,,,t,..',:•'z'''.••:•.."..* .... ? ' .:ik1*.,:',:.•::1:::!;:t.•:.1iV.....itk';'.... .......it:::•P:"...'.:::!:....t.--:,.. 5.... t •:::::>•...4......•5,W..:04.:0:11, .4:4410::;;'...:<:•: .• ' . •-•.:1. ...,...•.- -:,4-•••:.... 4...,:ex .. ......,::::.*, .. ... :,.., ..: . .....—", . .„-.,:.:t•:.:,:.f.i;(-6.P"..:...1:'... ....':::....:::•;:-.,•::....,.....'.:::,:„. : . .....:;.,,,.,•„..,..--:::.:•7f PV.-.-:.. ..-•:-....,...::....:•.,...,•.:,:„,.. ....k::•,..:4,. ]',:.•.......::. ...14,,kA1:...... .•,•••• • . ...,.::....t..:::*ii,..A.i.:::::•••••• $.*:4,.:•:::' ... .:,.. .....vi.fgr%:•::-. ::,:-. ..,... .. ..

PRIVATE L. McMULLEN. Wounded.

LOOK TO YOUR . . . FIRE PROTECTION AND TO MERRYWEATHERS' FOR FIRE EXTINCUISHINC SUPPLIES. Inspections carried out by thoroughly drilled and trained Fire Inspectors. "London Made" Fire Hose, Hand Fire Pumps, Chemical Eitinctors, and Fire Escapes, ready for immediate delivery, MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, & GRRANWICII.

• "For the Blood is the Life." ). Do you suFFERk from any SKIN or BLOOD DISEASE Such as Eczema. Scrofula, Bad Legs. Abscesses. Ulcers, Glandular Swellings. Boils, Pimples. Bores of any kind. Piles, Blood Poison. ': Rheumatism. Gout, dm.? If $o don't waste your time and money on lotion* and ointments which cannot get below the surface of the skin. What you want and what you must ha ve is a medicine that will thoroughly , free the blood of the poisonous matter which shoals the • true cause of all your sufferir,g. Clarke's Mood Mixture ia lust such a medicine. It is composed of ingredients which quickly expel from the blood all imptirities from whatever cause arising, and by render. ! log it 'clean and pure • ! can be relied upon to 9 • effeet a luting cure. Clarke s • Blood Mixture Testmoitiatd. Pleasant to take. Of all Chemists and • Stores. .• .. • . , 2/0 per bottle. • WILL CURE YOU Refuse Substitutes. PERMANENTLY. qb.•fl.; . „ sr;

_ • W 4;-**i:,liiiMi:iv.ii*i,•iiix:ii'liig,MNßorkl:*.f..‘oo..VlA,,' ~,, "4:••.;.,;•.' •••,:"'P.r.,:f•..„::::.:•i:':'•K:',.:i,.::.:K:i::::g:iK•:.::.:':i•.:::..mi::"•.:,:*m•..m:..:-0.,:,:w:z.....,..„...:.,.:.., ~,..:.: .:,,,,......,,,,•:•••.:,:n.,...%.,„:•:,...,::•:,....**•,.,:*•.:•.::K••:7.:.:•,•;:••,:,.::tV:1N0:AQ,..;:;V,Minia.i.,....1,,.,5,,,;;;X• .: :,...,•:•,,,,;•••..:::3::::::,,pf,,N'i:Siii:ft•:;•iik:4*•:•*,,,,,:::::iiii::;i4.:•:ii:if•:::iii%*::,:n:Ni::4PA•e.•.,:::.;iti*:::,t, - • • ~,:a:Via:AMMOaX-':liii... ',"...A..,,,,:i.:4,...V:::::•i:l:o.l:o::ill:i:iiiß•:::werf4;""•,:,::::ims,..4iw:iiimmoii.:o4,A4w4f, ;:::::::A:::4*•;-4:0::::ii:iO3::::•:::sx:e*i::: • • ~....,::::-.K:i4:ingmi:::::,imiliNfoo7p..o. .aiiigv,,;.:::irri*:KM:ii:K:iiii3.e:!e An., , •:•:.•....::,....::::4;w:::::?,..;,i0,3,,i,,,,,.;.,,,,. ~i,3,,,,,, .s:;:mim,itkeinpv.:iiili:',.•.:::.. .. .0:::-..i:.,...•,,,.:,?,:•-minsfii,:`4•gmp,',,,An?,, Mi;a:ft.*:o,,,wwi:•,,,::i4:2?:,.- .•:, - • ••••• ••••••••••*-.K:?.,:i:::fmo4o,ripgi.,:ftil.. :00:::::Vmwor.,.::.•,-5.,- :4.1,,,..ii,...:;..1,v.i..;A:g :::...:;i:i.:;.::.:NK i:Afimi::,,:4o4%:•:' • * • :..i..ii..'.'.:iit.::a:N.fas,,,:,.:::•: itfill.s•A‘liM,V.W:! , ).PWAliggit*Nitg; ~i:iki:Ans,Z.P4 ~,,,:•••••-...*,,,,...,:.:*...........,..... .4,*:,,,,,5,0:::.*;:,:5•0:.....,:. . • ..,. ...,..,,,,, - • - •••...f.,.,..k.,,,,K: , -6,,,,,,,,,,... ,Art`k.,:,.:.4-'.*:Q.:::::K::::. .- . :.• - -.... P., .../....i:i:VXMntagatt'iii§gi .-§4*,,,,K,S.GE.,:::ANAK:;i:it - - ,:'.: :•,''' -,...;:i:otqagqirr ~:ii,i::-: . • -....,..-1::ws1/4-0mkt.,:ez.f -. • 1p,:.::.....::4:,,,,..0.:,::::,-. . ':,,,m• **3-m4s:it•Mr.g: .:"-v:4p:i*::***,::::,*;:,.... .. 140 ......:.,:•;.*:, .4...t0.:1•00_,..:ads ,• 4.:::::iiiiutif..w&,..i.. , ..„..,,,,i,„i.:,,,,,,,,,,:,:::,.::::::- . • 4,-,.•::::::.....,*:::::::;.::.:::yr0,,,,,,Ngg..? -63.1i3rAwn:::iw.kx- ~ ' f •,.5::.•,:.:.:,:*!••iiy,:3-0;::,m,e,.,:e.,,AK::::* 'ataiiitiON:Aitiiiii;: .. - pi1itt0,i..0.w.,,,,,,:„ ... . ...•,..,,,,,.041,4„..,:i„,,,,,,,:::,,,,,.,„,,,„ ilifillakaierVi:. '''.,,:ihM.1110.::".g..-..*.se''.. • - :7::i;,.';':;::-:::.K ...41.:wwgiiiiiMi.;;....- 1.i., ...-.4.,:m.::•:;i:*:.:.•,....:::••... - egf .V:::l:AViMing'...:::•',o;4l.::';%;::.:-.:,,-;..,-.....- --:--:,;.. ...,....ZW.VM..::::-... 4e,:i.K:tft:iik;.ft,:-:*:...:.:--:i:::7 77.-xotAr .....-.:;. :.i....,:..-:'. ..:;,.::-.-...,:::- .../ .. :.....,,,s&•4*l 'i*::;1:*•iiV$W.:1:::.*;:•':-.14' ..';'•',:•:ii:•::«3•• -A•;;%:•S,' '•••;'•., -:?,;•', ' .••••••••.:Vr•:!:•:::. iinkWA• °:',:•'W:::-fti:::.::::,i.:`:'%::N.•?-•••';•:Z:•'.":". •:-... AI ~ •:iii,K-• •.:•:- •'..:, '''''''''''''':i:":l:i:.k.%:•:i.':' •,:e.,:.:.,:::i: .1:•••1•.!-..,..•.* - ..i;:...,..,f,::::: .•%.: .c.......:,,,,. .4. • ..:.:,... .:K.4:A:•:*:;:eif•:4:::•..:::::::::•:.::•••• :••••',....:,ii,...••••., 7.. -;••• :::,.„ , ••':.,i:i:e •*•• - ..• ' -•,• :.:1":";:'•",'",:&'•>1::::::•:.1.1. • •••*".,,•.•:i'• ...,..-•f:::::.:2;,,•::‘• 0.-i.," :... ~.-.-. • .. :••• • .. ::::.::::•::::§•i.,i§.4.ii:0...,A,,,.. .. .. ....',.*:,..5. •••,,i........• - :-.5.±,r,•.:•••,,4,e, ..::: • ....-• . .... ...:•,:.z ..q•Viiiii-.OM-*-••.:2::'3•••:.••oa...:.,./'.1:.;•.:•.f....-i.:•;•••:•.•:. . '''••••,*':' ':"'',:f• :::?....r.*:iikif.l6*.44:;:, :7' ! *;i:e•s •.• •.:": .... •••••.:‘, ?„0":6.K..:.',':.':'• ::* :' ...... ..,....54.,....0. ... Viii`•;:•:so?......:l4ri•P::•:' ' ....: ?.WA,4....',•-• ~ ••:4,:i''''': • • -..,,,.::.:,.. ~. , 4.„:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,v::. . • . ..:-. -044: ......,„ • ~,,..,...,, - •ffte......., :::?4,- , - . ..., 4,..0.:-.:„, 'ff '" ...A.. %; ',, &,:, '..o:*:`•::*. .i*if. • .*::i, 'f,:',:ix ~.:';'..:5%.':::::p " ~ , ~:... • •., A ' PRIVATEER NEST JONES. Wounded.

. ..,,..:,':'.':.T.,'•!.17.:!1•1',F,:5! ,45fr.:417":4VgiF . . , ~:,,i.:-:.',i.i,i.ii:,,,1.1?.:4;00ik,;„1,, ..:,,,:•-• , . 1.',•,!...,7". ' .:!,-1, ).1 ; ...,..3...1,:i.. , ."•••.::. 1 , . ‘....,:.-1:c,...:'• . ,<'''. '.:.:::';„::.,,,,.„,,,,:,:„.„. /...,'.. ; : : ...'.'.. ..,..:•:;"'.....:::...,..: . • .. . ......,. • ..., - . ~. - ~.... . - • ......:.....• ~.,, , .. ~..... ••• . • . •, . • , .... ........ .• ~...:..., , ..:,-.. - . . . .........• ...,...,... • , -'!..,.'N..."'....',..!6..,....,.,.„,.,4...:: ......., ..: ...::.:. .-- •,-.. , . t''''' .„..,,,i,:,,;:5.,,......,,..:1.::),„:.,....-:::.,,,:i.-..,.:.,..:,,..,.;:...,..:,,:,:,.,,,,,,i,, -....:.:,.':...,..,„,,0..5.,•,:::.:.::,..:.--, ~,.:3;:,,,;:,,,,:;tp.,„,...:•.,,,,..,,,,,,,.....,,i„..,,,,:::,: . . •:, .....:,....:—,-. • .....-:.-:.•,..,,,,,,,.:.,:::::,,,,::„.,...._:_:„..:,:.,..,.:::.....„,,,;.......,,,,..,„ - .: ....,,,,,, .....,.. ,:., -,,:•,,,,,, , .r.,,.. ..-:.-:'....i.'.',;:' -..:.: . . . -,,, T"..' ....,0 .. ' 1.'....:.-.4: ~,... ;..,,,.1,,,4.", • -.. . •,. . -.,4.,....., ...:. ...-.•„:„.....: ..,,..: .. „.. . . „ ..... .-. • , .., .. ..-...... - ~, - . . . ~,. ~. , .... . ..,,.....,... --

. :.. "..1.-..:•-•:-.',....'.2.:,.;...:...,7-•:%,..4:-...':::-0.::'. . •<. ~'''''. ~. ..:;.- —.2-,,,i4..:,Ei:i:4';'; ' ''.',,, -•.::,i.,..:% .....r.7;, t,:,;,,,„•..•,..... • , ,',..,:;,. '.'..,;:'•:‘... '...;•:::Z;•:i.i,•.;:ii',.*,.••,,..•... . .',.,''''.., : ..'.).*i:,,.......'?-:...• ' , __ ~ .:,... .N..• :.i.: •.. . ~,,,..,:::•-••• ' . • :' ••• .:, .. .:.!:.'"':..:-;','..,, :„.:;;•ii:-....I li • . .... • . . • ' .:4N!f:.:::::ii:'t::Ii.O. ff 540,444.1.4 h ' ' , ....emila_.. ...r...o,Nii;i•M * - k:..,.......,,,::,,,..,i,,,,,:..- . ::,,,1/4 • ' y.,,.., ....:-., • . ~,,,*i:.i.to.4 ,i'; ~%.:',......... :. ....:'..., :...i,:-.4 ' '''.;::::::::..1::..q- .-.....4r -....'..',:.:.'.`i:;.....,VN::: 4 1:14.1kI4:;.it: :::tit....:!,e,:'.:-::.:'':.:..... . '.c.:::]...-"Zi4e:''' ':'.'. -: "::i.: kE.....--ie. •::' .:::::::N #. !! .f.:'...!:!:.":q..:1::::..1t...4 ..'". • if'- ?i::il 4%:*?' .4.:::.i.,::),R.:.. i::i4:::::•.*:i.':..'.*:'.':.:.-':;..:4tigk '...:::'!;:..:g..:.:: ~.,:....a-1•;.•;.-,.4v.,::k.t....,::_.--..)::•?:;[.::::::?„,4,b,,,...,,,..,..........,:::.:.,..,,,,:f......:v.:p.: Vt,-7...,4,:.:43j4::::.,!,:::pt,,,...,,:•:,.,:::;.,., •-.......,,:,,.-:.:•0•:),.-•.!::::_,:.......,..-•:.•:;::::-...4:-.;,s..1.:,..,,,. ';::',-,::,.,.N•git,',......:f::-;:.....,,.:.•.:.....if.. • ..i.,:'•:!:,,,•P*:::.:;,:4!:5i:::,.iii`iii7....:!t:,...iq..:::...,::::: •;74:tii.'ilf*:•:?:.r,'.1:::.:Ii..:,'-'l.::,..'itihitiirliii4FlNP?Ak.:::,:'''''::" ..,..":„..0..,..,,....r....4:,4,,,,rt; ....4.,,.*.,..1t,„,.:1,:,,R.:..,R-,,,,• ~-:.....•,:.:.:k.:::itt:'''";•.::.:..t.14.::::0:!!•4::: :::••:;k:rt:':f:,c:,',,•''- :4„.•:,14.....:::::,40.,3*......:kiiii.,,,:.....,:, • . ;,..:::::::::.:. • • —....• ' 4

PRIVATE JOHN PERCIVAL. Suffering from Shell Shock.

- ' 1— , .-,..*:.:.'::::::.1.gki:.:,.....,.... s''''''',:,',:-.iki•i'::::::::iMat:4.:::: ,-,,n'l/4:i::::;W:t4.4:04iiikikNaii.:::4;:...::,;:ki.::f:::ii•i?:::•ii.:.%::::kk:::::i•i:::4&•::]]:: 41411giiklit4111:kMi;ilitl.:0'8f..;:.111111111::-.11t:,,, 110..„..,,,,...E...., s• .1.1:,,,,,::10,;,.:.:1'.:44111111111111,?,::, ..,-34004t7,:.:::... :.•-:..• ' ~.,..,,..*H-,':.....0.4,,,':,..•,:,;:,.,:m.:.,,i..--44\kitzkiiiit ':* •IW:IV.Q.*:: ~.:, : ..'-';',..::::::.,..- .•::i...:.:::r0,.::::::::i.i1i:,:::,:::.:::...,g.,,,,,g49.;.:Ux•c f,......-:.-0044.........',.-::: ..,ii;:::•::,i,„:l:kis:,::iAtiti.§giik:::"•-:.,.:-..,,Z11111-,,::::: rallti4i-::('.• ::_ ~:.,,'.‘,*l•lo:l',,,§,l'i.:',:go.'„:4Ao,,,o:llhtli t i k,,,,,,,„,:,,,„,..„,,,,..: ~.......,•....:..,..;...,:::.,„:„:„..:,.:;,,,„,,.: .....:4.ft.i.g.kW.k. '04'i.:',V:%.,..."1.kk:. : : :::•.:.:.4%;:**:......1.-:::::::l4%.=,.iik..iki.§ ,iikiltiiittiti:s.i . i ~.....,...,...:::::::.::.:E,...:,,,,0...;5:-‘06,,,"-Ai..-:" 1 p:?..Attl".voll.,:i-...,.;..,:r•-...w.4.:,-.'......-..i.....„.,::.:--f,,,,...!....ir0ir:::1, ett5v30,........:4::?.:-;,.....,..-1,:,;::-..1c.s.?!.-:•:,;::::#:-..,:44:40i,::.;*.5:414flo: 0,1 ...,,,e,,„ki1t0...J1i,:.::;•i:t..,;.:;:„...,.:Lif14.1....,iiiiiiiim0pit; 1 ottitc?...,,t;: .1:.-4,::::,:t4,14.41.44.,.titst.:1•:;;::,::::.:,ii.,,.ii:::„..:-...1, .4.6.:::::...0,0,......,.:.:411,:11:ta.01:::„:-,1;.:.:0,:v4 1.:,,,,,.:.?:,:::...:!.4.„..:.:1.„,:.,,,:::::,,,...,„....:,,....,...:. :::,..•:::,;.:,:,4.:„.:;„„.:;0:0,,,,;:i,.,.:.: :-.,5,,,,...:,,,,.... ~......1.„ „..,:;.,:::44:::::,iii,:•....?.:.:iiw:.:::::;300.14,...:.-,,.,. .•40,.4:„,,,.....‹. ....;,,...

PRIVATE lIAROLD WIBBERLEY. Gassed.

• Sixteen , Years Well i\o:s / , thanks to ? " , Doan's Pills. „. . a "In 1899, kidney complaint kept me from work 12 months all but 4 days. It overtook me suddenly. Backache was the first warn- ing—I could not stoop or move without pain. Bladder relief became most painful and the urine deposited heavy sediment. Filially gravel and inflammation of , the bladder laid me up," said Mr. T. Wilson, 9, Tipper Wellington-street, Long Eaton, on June 27th, 1910. ' "All that medical aid could do, was done. "Urine tests were made in London labora- tories, and the best advice was sought, but

'7",;,,,z-:-,....._....z..6.--::::„•*.7=0,:70.i.c..-:i4.1,7,,T.:::,1:..:,-.1211*.z::‘,=:,...::::::::,.,;„‘M`:, V • N Owing to its oxygen character, Ven-Yusa not only .4 (7° tki has a beneficent effect on the surface skin, but it ~. ~ N vitalises the tissues underneath. It conveys oxygen 4.-..4 .-.:-. --17- .-• g, ~,t_ direct to the pores, and makes you feel the good it 7..!.. ___,._•:, . • ':.* -71 / 1 s doing to your skirt. :,.. ti :21 • ' ttE ,r,.7 i i ••••• .E. et , fj :..,•:: . ei". el. ig t E .:.:. •is 2'74 .-2: ••., t .7. • e i i et *lt , Ven-Yusa solves tie complexion problem by novel means. It Is I.T. the natural outside aid for the skin, designed specifically to meet the -..# .." .... peculiar complexion-spoiling effects of modern work-a-day life. .//- per • •:•• 0 'tar of Chen-kids; or by post from C. E. Ftt4ford, Ltd., Leeds.

reil.1.1.11111111111.1.111;11.11.1.;11111.11111.11111-' ; s • • ~ Th Oxyge..„7 e . redr7ll7.,nett,,,-,4j..

• The Great. Flying A gal Serial Film: - ICan be seen on the iScreen at the following Picture Theatres EVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY, Grand Electric Theatre BRIDGE 5 FOOT ; Deibarwick Pavilion,l4l3lN; Central Picture Palace, plugg. Controlled Exclusively by the Gaumont Film Hire Service.

• Wrong Effect. Wm. PIEHREPONT, "I can't find 'any old clothes to put one the PRIVATE INQUIRY AGENT. scarecrow," said Farmer Hodge. Entrusted with divorce and delicate negotiations in all parts of the world. Go to him if black- "You might use some of the fancy duds our mailed or in difficulties, boy brought home from London," suggested his 27, Chancery Lane, London, W.C. wife. 'Phone 494 Holborn awl 10972 Central. "I'm tryin' to scare the crows; I'm not tryin- References from leading London solicitors. tO make 'en p laugh."

: THE FOOTBALL FIELD. NORTHERN UNION.

BLANCHARD'S PILLS Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, &c., they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate all suffenng. They supersede Pennyroyal, Pil Cochia, Bitter Apple, &c. "BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women." Sold in boxes, 1/11, by BOOTS' Branches, and all Cbemists, or post free, same price. from LESLIE MARTYN, LTD. CHEMISTS, 34, ()ALSTON LANt, LONDON Free Sample ad valuable Booklet, post free, id. Stamp.

Ladies I Wood's Challenge Remedy, Is guaranteed under the sum. of XlOO to cure when others fail. Far superior to Pills. Pellets, or any Continental treatment. For all cases of irregulari- ties, however obstinate, CHALLENGE REMEDY is supreme. .Price 2s. 9d., Special. lie. Stamp for Advice. Established 25 years. Mr. & Mrs. W. WOOD, LADIES' MEDICAL SPECIALISTS, 20, LOUIS-STREET. LEEDS.

You Can Rely On Clarke's 1341 Pills afi a Safe and Sure Remedy. in either Sex, for all Acquired or Constitutional Discharges from Urinary Organs. Gravel. Pains in the Bad' and kindred complaints. ever 50 Years' Success, Of Clak' au Chemists, 446 per btx. or re s sent direct, post free, for a Sixty Penny Stamps by the 841 Pills Proprietors The Lincolu and Midland Counties Drug Co., Ltd.. Unceln. (Free from Mercury)

FREE OFFER TO LADIES. To prove the superiority of ELLIS'S PILLS. I will send a free trial packet post paid. Pre- pared from the original recipe of a celebrated Nurse, and never fails in restoring regularity and correcting all disorders. Safe, certain and speedy pill that never•disappoints. Thousands of letters of thanks testify to their speedy effi- cacy after all other things have been tried in vain. Each purchaser sends back testimonial. as they afford relief in every instance. There is nothing to equal them. 2s. 9d. per box. Special pills (recommended), 4s. 9d., post paid. in plain wrapper, with full directions and advice. Supplied through the post only by MRS. ELLIS, 12, VALLANCE-ROAD, HOVE, SUSSEX. An interesting guide, 48 pages. 60 illustrations, sent free with each box. Mex. tion paper.

Be cham's 7111 s are specially prepared with the object of relieving and removing the . many troublesome ailments which may be included in the one significant word —"lndigestion ". There are few, indeed, who are entirely free from some phase of this enervating complaint. Almost everybody has, in these days, occasional "touches" of it, such as 1 discomfort after eating, a poor or fickle appetite, biliousness, constipa- tion, flatulence, headache, heartburn, dizziness, depression and other well-known distressing symptoms. To all who suffer in this way 4 Beecham's Pills are an unmistakeable boon. Their remedial influence is experienced quickly—a considerable advantage— frequently after the first dose. As the medicine is continued the health rapidly improves until all unpleasant symptoms disappear. If you happen, unfortunately, to have a tendency to dyspepsia, you are advised to try Beecham's Pills. Testimony to their great value abounds everywhere, because they are widely appreciated. If you give them a fair trial you will find that they Will fulfil Your Expectations ,

QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, A. 7 STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. C , (3 minutes from ar Terminus.) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten, Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, exten- sive ground and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great successes in examinations. Prospectus, references and views on application to MISS PARTINGTON, Principal. THil PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL, WARRING- TON..—Day and Boarding School for Girls. Kindergarten and Preparatory School for Boys. —Principal, Miss DRING, L.L.A.A.C.P. stA in- chides B.A. and L.R.A.M. Next Term commences 'Wednesday, September 20th.

For Hire. MOTOR LORRY for Hire.—George Roger, Artingstall Buildings, Bridge Foot, Warring- ton. 'Phone 390.

-IVI- OTOR LURRY, magnificent -chassis, fitted with body, our build, immediate delivery, cash or easy terms.—Marston, 24, Bradford-street, Bir- mingham.

ON SALE, 1915 pure-bred and crossed PULLETS, and 1916 Leghorn Cock Chickens.- 15, Grafton-street, Goose Green, Wigan. TO CLEAR, six Sicilian Buttercup Cockerels, 1 good laying strain. April hatched, 3/6 each.— Hy. Halsall, Hesketh Bank, near Preston.

DETACHED HOUSE at Rainfall, with gardens, poultry run. &c.; rent X36.—ApPly toiV. A. Brooke and Co., St. Melens. pribi7----Newfied—House; charming country 1.4 Residence, gardens, paddocks, glasshouses, garage, electric light; at liberty September 21th; in present occupation of Mr. Perry Word Motors). —Dickenson, Salford Mills, l'odmorden. UNION BANK CriAA.B.EltS.—Suites of Rooms to Let, suitable for offices and other purposes.—Apply Union Bank. Ltd.. Sankey-street, Warrington.-

.ROOMED COTTAGE to Let, furnished or unfurnished; 5 minutes' walk from Padeswooci Station, L. lt N.-W. Railway.--j. Ellis, Bryn Farm, Buckley, near Chester.

CONNOR Sr, CO., Estate Agents, 67, Lord-st., Liverpool, have many Genuine, Profitable Businesses. Send full requirements (stamp). Also Cheshire.

FOR SALE, very desirable Residence, semi- detached, two entertaining-rooms, eight bed- rooms, bath' (with shower and spray), w.c., cellars, outhouses, greenhouse, conservatory, large garden. —Apply "The Mount." Chester-road. Grappenhall, or to Hv. Greenall and Co.. Solicitors. Warrington. HEREFORD.—'or Sale, through death of pro- prietor, old-estrablisned Furniture Removal and coal Business. No goodwill. Valuation of vans. horses, (Ste., about t 500. Rare opportunity.— Powell, 4. Working-street. Cardiff.

Wanted. JJO G Wanted, broken to gun; Spaniel Bitch preferred.—Write, staung age, price, &c., W. 8., " Examiner" Office, W arrington. FtIRSTITURE-Wiinted, whole or part house, -gy working man; cash aown.—W rite Box 13, " Ex- aminer " Office; Warrington. TiTiRNISITED— HOUSE Wanted in Stockton Heath et Latchford; 3 bedrooms and modern conveniences.—State terms to Box F. 11.. "Ex- aminer" Office, W arrington. OLD False Teeth Wanted, sd. to 81- per tooth paid; £9 per oz. for Platinum Scrap. Prices paid for old Gold, per oz.; 22ct., 75/-: lbct-. 60/-; 9ct. 30 cash by return.—Kenworthy's. Jewellers, Ashton, Manchester. TPI OUGII-ILAIRED FOX DOG Wanted.— ..LC Fern's _cafe, 75. Chapel-streett Salford. WANTEIS, Chairs, Tables, Sofas, Bedroom Suites, Pianos, Wringers, and all classes of Furniture and other Effects. Prompt cash and high- est prices given.—Bootle Auction Rooms; 76-78, Stanley-road, Bootle, Liverpool. Warrington ,a,nd iietrict visited twice weekly. WANTED, by a trustworthy Gentleman, V V Rents or Doctor's Accounts to collect.—Write Box 9, " Examiner " Office. Warrington. wANTED to Buy, Old China, Cups and Saucers, Teapots, Figures. &c. Also old Drinking Glasses.—Oliver, dentist, Laygate-lane, South Shields.

Miscellaneous on Sale. A IREDAIE PUPPIES on Sale; bred off good pedigree parents.-25, Chapel Fields, Hindley. BOTANY Suitings and Costume Cloths, Black and Navy Patterns free. Any length cut. Satisfaction guaranteed.—Victoria Manufacturing Co., Low Moor. Bradford. riIIARTACTER, Finance, Marriage, 2 years' future guide, is. birth date.—Professor Gould, Beathfield-road, Cardiff. ENGLISH GRAPES and other high-class Fruit.—Powell's, 112, Bridge-street, and 12. Sankey-street. Warrington. FLOWERS, FLOWERS, FLOWERS, beauti- fully grown and fresh cut; deliveries twice daily from our extensive nursories, Fearnhead and Orford.—Apply 112. Bridge-street: 12, Sankey-street; and Powell's Stalls, 'Warrington Market. HEARSE, light, glass sides, own build, good as newAzreat reduction, cash or easy terms.— Marston, 24, Bradford-street, Birmingham. ITCHYKOO, Electric snuff, Anarchist Bombs, 3d. each; post 4d.—Thomas Shepherd, 99. Nethergate, Dundee.

UCKY White Heather, direct from Biel- lands ,of Scotland. Send a bunch to the boys at the Front. Extra large bunches 1/2 post free.— James Wilson, King-street, Invergordon. Mention paper. NOTICE.—Varieties high-classed Canaries, also all Varieties high-classed pure-bred Poultry and Bantams, also all Varieties well-bred Dogs, Persian Cats, and Parrots t prices reasonable, and easy payments arranged; approval; state wants.—McKea.nd, Seabright, Castle Douglas. NURSE CAVELL'S Portrait, 9d. post free, or .1.1 framed to order.—Allan, Commercial-road, Ladybank.

ON SALE, Galvanised Corrugated Sheets, Bft. long • 20 tons.—George Howard, Folly- lane Bridge, Warrington.

READ "How to Protect our Soldiers," I:6r F. L. Rawson, M.1.E.E., 1/-, postage 2d.. and "Active Service," 3d. weekly.—Crystal Press, 91a, Regent-street, London. SUPERB New English Overstrung Upright Drawing-room Pianoforte. £2B 15s. (worth dmiblp).-62 St. Mary-street. Warrington.

SALE, Thick-set Cart Mare, excellent worker, guaranteed, age 11 years; cheap; defect thick leg; active. no lameness.—Arthur Parker. Culcheth, near Warrington. MOlFarmers, Gardeners, or anyone who culti- vates, whether amateurs or professionals. Double crops in store for all who use RITO. the new soil bacteria. For fullest particulars and lowest prices, apply W. Powell, 112, Bridge-street, Warrington. district agent.

WREATHS, Crosses and Bouquets tastefully made with Powell's fresh-cut flowers.—Apply 112, Bridge-street: 12. Sankey-street: Nurseries, Fearnhead and Orford; or Stalls, Warrington Market.

VIVI ARRINGTON It; sourti LANCASHIRE V INVESTMENT CORPORATION. LTD. Registered Office: 11. MILL-STREET, WARRINGTON. The Corporation is prepared to make ADVANCES upon interests or expectations under wills and life policies, or other securities, or to purchase the same outright. For further particulars apply as above. J. GREEN CHAPPELL, Secretary. DEAL WITH A FIRM HIGHLY RECOM- MENDED. £2O to X 5,000 on Note of Hand to All Classes. Cash Posted Privately. No Expenses Incurred. 25 liepay £1 Monthly I £lOO Repay £ 4 Monthly. £5O „ 2 , i. 200 ~£8 „ Or Repayable Quarterly. Ralf-yearly, or Yearly. H. KERMAN, 5. NEW. BROWN-STREET. MANCHESTER. JPANS by post to working classes up to .25 4 only; security and references required. We charge you out-of-pocket expenses for investigation. —Write actual lender, Mr. Clapson, 36, Siddons- road, W. Croydon. 'Phone, Croydon 2014. £5 TO £5,000 LENT DAILY ON MESE TERMS for agreed periods:- 5 loan. Repay 5 108. 1:25 loan, Repay £27 10s. £lO „ 11 £3O „ „ £13.3 £l5 „ £l6 10s. £5O „ „ £55 £2O „ „ £22 £lOO „, £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention to applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIXIN, 219, BRUNSWICK- STREET, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON-STREET (over Bradley's Clothing Shop). NORTHWICH.

LADIES FREE!—Please write for Free Trial of Dr. Wilson's Famous Tabloids for all irregularities, dm. Guaranteed under the sum of £l,OOO to effect a cure when all others fail. Acts like magic! Failure impossible. Thousands of unsolicited testimonials. Advice free.—Nurse Kaye, 87, Great George-street. Leeds.

LADIES. Nurse Hammond's Improved Remedies act in a few hours when all else fails. Surprisingly effective. Send stumped en- velope for FREE SAMPLE to E. C. Hammond, 304, Hil..,h Holborn, London.

LADIES.—Mrs. W. Wood, Medical Specialist in all Female Ailments, Irregularities, Anemia. etc. Do not waste time or money experimenting with unknown remedies when "Challenge Remedy" will cure you. Price 2s. ed., 4s. 6d. Advice free.— Mr. and Mrs. W. Wood, 20, Louis-street. Leeds.

ADIES ! SAVE needless EXPENSE, -I.A WORRY, and bitter DISAPPOINTMENT by sending to me AT FIRST for particulars of MY UNFAILING REMEDY for all FEMALE AIL MEN. which NEVER FAILS! GUARANTEED under the sum of £l,OOO TO CURE when ALL others fail. ACTS like Magic. Harmless, inexpen- sive, Certain. 5,000 Testimonials. ADVICE FREE. MME. E. DEAN, " Castlemere." St. AnneE-on-Sea.

THE BLOOD IS LIFE. COIIPLEXEENE PILLS produce healthy, lovely, rose-tinted Skin, purify Blood, Skin Tissues, removing Glandular Swellings, Tumours (without operation), Blackheads, Boils, all Skin Disfigurements, creating Health and Beauty. 'Hun- dreds of Testimonials. 3 weeks' Treatment P. 0., crossed. 4/-.—Norman liaison' Co., Skin Specialists, Hygienic Depot, 269, Crosby-road, Seaforth, Liver- nool.

WHY STAMMER? Particulars free.--Write The Charlesworth Co., " Speech Specialists," 47. Sankey-street. Warrington. WOMAN'S Reliable Friend. Harper's "Golden " Pills, as sold for over 20 years; harmless, hut the most wonderful corrective for all /41,male Irregularities. Immediate relief when all else fails; no disappointments; price 1/3 and 2/9; extra strong. 4/6.—Manager, Harper's Botanical Pharmacy. Nottingham.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. MpNDAY NEXT, SEPT. 11th, and during the week. 6.30. TWICE N/GIITIA. BAS.

I -7.-Fr--y cREAT ORO -0' 111 NE DRAMA , , • , .. • $, • , • -:), , ,- - ' . f' ' : " A, ' ~''' " ' ~ %' 46 . ' ' Ea. • 13 Cec Rale; •h & Ken Heniiitom Produced b Pe Hufthison. , ~,,,,,,r7, tlgettriT•i‘, N.: ~,,...ei ~iii.....„,...Vpiatr4r,.: * f:?.::: ' ~.44:.;5.4.,. ' -r-4',-,*-",='.." -,,,,,, 4iii,..,, .'-,,:-„ ,-;4-,-, ~,..'.4 il ~ _ ~.,-,-7,,,-,,t,,,,1.,,,,‘ fr:7•,,,r,:,,,,,..., 1 '.,:',':, .a,/,',,,,,0,4„ .47k•-,2`1,-' ..('.4'4,.,:•• '''' --T.......a5Ak._ _ —‘"ii:,-.41., $4.t,04:1-:•:- -4.,..;1..,,, i -_'..q"...t..irt7„„' -,.4 , '..itX -... JOiiiive • ''''''" 7 "7,, 7`..,-,...- - : r:---, '..=. .: ...., ....,..t“.. fes, I.•--- .. - I,0?-41yie, -,...... . --,m-- ~,,..4.-ic job 1w„ A.:,,,,,,,z„, :04.-,/_--411,0-_,...."‘ 6 i.'`: : -r-54,....,457 - •,, -..,,f li, : '"- ..--- ;ft ml/4. ' ' ': q ; r f ....7....,/ ..41•10. • --, :0 't, ' lis 4: ' ~,`, •!4ig ~,t.ll )4. f r v"-',4,.. '' ' 11,10).Vii, <424 i.; e ._,i.:l, I . ..,, ~..::,,, • -,'' '3' ''';" ' ~ ' i'' ~• 1,4,11, .f 4 ...f. ' w..*:.---7—•,... --,or -!tk., Akc, .4.:=-..., -- „ ,--• 2--=--,--- -.,-.'''17,,,,375,:e_7,7.7:, „..._-71,1,14„4.6_:'''': :.1:r. ‘,0,6; ... - .._ - +.• r-op• ,7. -,,,.,-`,A4 ko,i, 14 'f:.---r .1., • •-' ' „Asir - ' '4O„A. 7 iwAr, , v Mi ' 'I,L; .',.,,4M-Fis:7:-...-.--- %,,,,, '4' .r: ' , ',7 • ..:-... let;;;E: •I'., C' I ... ........ ,21.,•,,,,,,C4,...- \ . -'4' -- '''''..-,,,,z..,„ ..7.' ------..... ri .......4,ii ',l • %.;-', ',. '''',l _...1-0)..". ar-1- - .. - r-..,---4.,...-•,:;- .:-..„03..z.---:,....: vscaci...--...10:-..- ,r_....„-..,,:dt ,-.....-7-r .......v„..„. __vie.- ......_ ..., p • .... - ~...izom„,.. ,:..t, 7 ~.419.7 V...'•,,.t5..,:-.41,,,„,,,,Va, --- ...-T.1.R.,s ...11 ~,.. •1 .Z.V....9.-4: .. ~.,.-„, 2). :.'•••ri ....54, '." 1 - . ....-- .. 41.4......"1150 EMMA lIETTCHISONS a MR PE.RGY HUTCHISONS ICOMPANY.

NLARGE ILLUSTRATED • . CATALOGUE Free by al , post or on application (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor).. FURNISHING CO. PEMBROKE PLACER -, LIVERPOOL. Business Hours 9 to 9. Early Closing. Saturday 1 p.m
