===== 0002601_19160610_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
GrAild. ' .-..e10tht...ii..., .14.„.411--Th ,!.... Boys'

111111111111110

MINIM

ittaU6,.•)4iAtbi

• '

===== 0002601_19160610_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Outfit • rs.

1101

:

,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r-_- - ;

===== 0002601_19160610_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ride a

===== 0002601_19160610_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
, . . . • .• • . , ic • :.•• • • ... • • , . , •••

E ALL-STEEL BICYCLE

The Best the World Produces. GUARANTEED FOR EVER

Fitted with Dunlop Tyres and Sturmey - Archer Tr-Coaster.

Prices from £7 10. to £l6 16s. Send a Post Card for "The Book of the Raleigh."

Widnes: C. Bingham, 7a, Vic- toria-road. Runcorn: H. Smith and Son, 22, Greenway-road. St. Helens: W. Cook, 107,

Church-street. Earlestown : J. A. Churchill & Co., Cross-lane. Ashton-in-Makerfleld: S. Reeves, Warrington-road. Lawton St. Mary: Birkenhead Bros., 128/146, Newton-road,

RALIBIGH °YOLK CO., LTD., NOTTINGHAM. ' Cycling for Health sad Foists for Cyclists,' by Sir Fraak Bowden, Bart., F.R.G.S. 1/- 100 pp. From Agents and &what&Bs.

test is to try to rest the instep of the foot on the pedal at its lowest. If this can't be done lower the saddle at once. A small frame with a high saddle pillar is not really as effective as a larger frame with less of the pillar protruding. True, the actual distance from the bracket to the saddle is exactly the same in both cases, but in the former the rather unnatural position throws an undue strain on the- frame -and makes comfortable, riding almost impossible. For growing bOys and girls it is pai- ticularly desirable to have the longest—but not too long—frame possible at the time to allow for future growth, A NOTE ON CHANGING GEAR.

Comparatively few motor cyclists appreciate the true importance of changing gear at the right moment. There is an exact moment when it should be done. In a very great number of cases it is delayed much too long. Perhaps this matter is not of such vital importance to riders of powerful- engined machines, but it is a point that deserves consideration from those who are mounted on low- powered motor cycles. I have recently been mak- ing notes on this subject, from observing riders in a hilly district in which_ I have been staying, and I have come to the conclusion that the change should be brought about at least fifty yards before the majority of cyclists think it necessary. The best way of determining the psychological moment is to ride in Company with an expert who is mounted on a similar make of machine. This will demonstrate the advisability of changing earlier. If a speedometer is fitted on the cycle this may be used for guidance.. When the speed drops to a given point, change thettear; if the needle remains' steady the right point was selected. If the needle swings upwards the change was made too late. ADJUSTING TAPPETS.

The satisfactory running of a-car depends in a very large measure upon the careful and correct adjustment of .the 'tappets. -Although many motor- ists regard it as. an extremely .difficult matter, .it is not 16 ha reality, and there is no mason at all Why. .any capable motorist! should not attempt the; work for himself. 'Yet I know Many who, regardit,,as. an exceedingly difficult matter, and never Under-, ta.ke the work *themselves.' The smallest passible clearance between the valve stem and the top .of the tappet is the ,ideal. There ahOuld only be a very slight •Movement -of the taPpet.-., The, only tools required are a couple of spanners, while the time 'occupied ,by, the adjustment is reckoned in. seconds and not in minutes. One, spanner holds the nut" on the head of the tappet and the other the lock nut. The latter is slacked .a turn, and the tappet is then screwed out until the required clearance has been secured. The lock nut must then be tightened so as to prevent the tappet from moving, for if this occurs the amount of clearance would be increased.

SPOKES.

A FREE BOOK FOR CYCLISTS.

The 1916 edition of "The Book of the Raleigh" is now published, and follows the lines which have made it foi years a handbook to the high-grade bicycle. The pages devoted to the constructional features of the all-steel bicycle are full of interest to the rider, and show the high pitch which the maliufacture of the bicycle has now reached in this country. Parts which, in other bicycles, are made of malleable iron castings, are in the Raleigh made of the finest homogeneous cold-rolled steel, pressed into form by giant power presses, capable of exerting a pressure of a thousand tons to the square inch. The immense, strength thus secured is but one of the many special features of the popular all-steel Raleigh, whose fame is now literally known "from China. to Peru." For in- stance, in addition to being supplied to His Majesty's Government and many British and Colonial regiments, the Raleigh is now sold in places so widely apart as Armenia and Japan, Nigeria and Siam, Mexico and the Malay States— indeed, wherever the bicycle is known. "The Book of the Raleigh" can be obtained free from any of the Company's 29 depots or 2,000 agents, or it will be sent post free to any reader who will forward his or her address on a postcard to the Rileigh Cycle Co., Ltd., Nottingham, and as it is full of interest for everyone interested in cycling, we hope that our readers will take full advantage of this opportunity of securing a cyclist's rade mecum and send for a copy.

. , , 4,4g0t• • ..., . , . J „aI , Tr V • 4 :4 1, . ....„ ..,...-..„.._:.,-,. - "NA , &r..i-15:,,,. A.,,- • 0 :. -• , rAi\,, ' ! • ..1 tiri- 1 pli ib ..) ;by. , ..- i.: ~ I,e, „ • - , i';',•' /I•__:_.l , .1 ,•„,,,,,,,,: - • ) 1 \kt , ,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING AND MOTORING.

GOOD BRAKES ESSENTIAL.

A good brake is perhaps the most important part et a bicycle; certainty there is 'no part of greater importance. It is merely courting a bad spill sooner or later—generally sooner—to ride a machine with a defective brake. Brake failures have always been the most prolific cause of accidents. And they are likely to remain so until cyclists come to realise that a few minutes' trouble is infinitely better than risking an accident. In a good machine the brake is usually one of the strongest parts of the machine. but no amount of mechanical perfection will coun- teract the effect of carelessness and continued neg- lect. After a hard 'season's riding brake rubbers often refuse to grip the rims, as the result of wear, but they only require a minor adjustment, or at most renewal, to ensure safety. Again, screws may have worked loose or rods 'become defective; yet many riders never think such details worth at- tending to. In any case no one should ever trust to a single brake; two are always necessary, and either should be capable of bringing the machine to a standstill under the most exacting conditions. In emergency, the foot can be used as a very effec- tive brake, though to the detriment of the tyre, and the trick of using it should always be learnt in case it is ever needed. THE HEIGHT TO RIDE.

One of the most common faults made by begin- ners—and even experienced riders are not always immune from blame—is that of riding with too high a saddle. Especially is this the case with children who come into possession of a machine formerly belonging to one of their elders. Time after time I have seen boys and girls vainly trying to reach the pedals of a machine much too big for them, and have wondered who was responsible. A cycle must be of suitable height if any, real enjoy- inept can be secured. As a general rule a good

SrumucHEß „la SPEED GEAR. MAKES I CYCLING s MOTOR CYCLING EASY. I STURMEY ARCHER GEARS Ll° NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
IDEA

AN

You have an

idea

to why your Motor Cycle is not running

as it should.

Then come along and talk the

matter over.

Every Machine has its peculiarities. Why not become thoroughly acquainted with those of your Machine. , And the service we can place at your disposal.

'sae County aCotor Co. Stockton Heath Garage, Warrington. Telephone 63 Stockton Heath

- • 1 as I. "I• • . I • : I I I,_ MIL NM • • •

===== 0002601_19160610_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE lATCHFORD CADET CORPS.

Orders, issued from Headquarters by J. B. Starkey, commanding officer, week ending June 16th, 1916.

Parades.

Saturday (to-day).—Camp at Frodsham. Fall in at 2.15 prompt. Proceed to Frodsham by the 3.15 p.m. Tuesday and Friday.—Fall-in at 7.30 prompt. Physical and Company Drill, Semaphore Class, Band Practice, &c.

Orderlies of the week.—Corporal E. Lea and Lance-Corporal W. Massey.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The Recruit and His Luck.

By a piece of good luck the new recruit had been appointed orderly to his captain, and the latter was now giving him his instructions. "You rise at five o'clock," he said, "shave yourself, and clean your boots and equipment. Then clean my boots, buttons, belt, &c., shave me, see to my • horse—which you must groom thoroughly—and clean the equipment. After that you go to your hut, help to serve the break- fast, and after breakfast lend a hand washing- up. At eight o'clock you go on parade and drill till twelve—" . The recruit, whose face had been growing longer, then'said : " Beg pardon, sir, but is there anyone else in the Army besides me?"

===== 0002601_19160610_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ff,fl,lE:

===== 0002601_19160610_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- riitilt

===== 0002601_19160610_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I)?

wawa

===== 0002601_19160610_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

JOTTINGS BY AN OLD WHY DUKES AND SEABURY WERE JOURNALIST. REJECTED.

Rather Significant.

The item respecting walking sticks for the wounded somehow reminded me of one of the very few colleagues with whom I have been unable to work agreeably. He was not a favourite with other members of the staff, and when at last he confided to us that he was about to leave for another situation, there was general rejoicing. Each promptly and cheer- fully planked down his mite toward a parting gift, and when it was suggested that the testi- monial should take the form of an ebony walk- ing stick, it was unanimously agreed that this would be most appropriate in the circum- stances. "Walking Day" •in that instance afforded us all unfeigned pleasure. "Can Women Paint?"

This, which served as headline to an account of certain proceedings before the Lymm Tribunal, reminded me of an incident in the bygones. I had been sent to interview the lead- ing member of a theatrical company who were playing for a week in the town in which I was then stationed. I entered by the stage door, and was told that I should find my man in the wings. I started up the narrow staircase leading to the stage, and encountered-therein zne.of the ladies of the cast who, a turn evidentry ended, was hurriedly descending to her dressing room. It was a startling vision for a young reporter. The actress's make-up had required an extraordinary use of grease paints, and, seen thus at close quarters, she struck one as positively hideous. Can women paint?" Well, I should smile. Blind Ministers.

The appearance of a blind preacher in the pulpit of Lymm Congregational Church last Sunday set me thinking of many things. I remember reporting several discourses by a blind American Bishop who visited this country some forty years ago, and whose eloquence at- tracted multitudes. I was particularly im- pressed by his recitals of the Scripture lessons, whieh in-variably included one of the "great chapters in Isaiah; a passage like "Then shall the eyes of the blind be opened 11 was well I calculated to thrill sympathetic hearers.

Too Many Blind. That modern marvel, Helen Keller—with whose triumph over tremendous odds in the way of physical disability I must assume ,readers to have some knowledge—insists that in the cases of one-third of the sufferers, blindness might with due care have been prevented. When one considers how heavily-handicapped throughAifer are these sorely-afflicted fellow creatures, it is a shocking indictment, but assuredly it is well- founded. The greatest risk to the eyes appears to be at birth, and a doctor tells me he always gives those important organs immediate and special attention. The necessity of so doing has been abundantly confirmed during my Eye Hos- pital experiences; I have repeatedly heard doctors and head nurses, counselling anxious mothers, use such fateful words as, "Now, be sure to apply this carefully and constantly, and observe the directions strictly; otherwise the child will be blind."

Concerning Dancing. At Statham Festival the Grappenhall Brass Band will play for public dancing, and before that for garland dancing, &c. One is glad to note that fancy dancing is not likely to be allowed to be, left exclusively to professional exponents, though there is undoubtedly a tendency that way. The old-fashioned country- side revelry of rural Lancashire and Cheshire was very different in a spectacular sense from a modern village dance. No doubt, as suggested by one writer on the subject several years ago, it gave scope at times for a good deal of boister- ous fun of a rather rowdy kind; but on the whole, there was far more, skill required- in the dancers, and perhaps more genuine amusement for all parties concerned. Comparatively seldom now is the old Lancashire step-dance seen in its perfection. Sometimes (as the authority just quoted further observed) on the sanded floor of village inn, some " old stager " may be in- duced to stand‘ up and give a performance of the step-dance or clog-dance of his youth. And a very elaborate affair it is too, with heel.an.l- - glides„ skips, hops, and double shtifflis, wonderful to witness, and exceeding difficult to perform. Our friend lamented the practical dis- appearance of the old jigs and hornpipes (now "well-nigh become matters for history "), with other dances, such as frisks, joaks, and the like, whose names alone survive. In a few villages, such, for example, as far-famed " Cockey Moor," the old women are known on special occasions to favour with a species of jig, which should be seen to be- adequately comprehended; but it remains true that many wonderful old dances have long ago passed into the limbo of forgotten arts and been succeeded by less picturesque , creations—or, at least some old fogeys like the contributor of this weekly column think so.

Why Not? The late Mr. Willett, who pressed his day- light saving idea through good and evil report, and saw his chief champion in Parliament again and again laughed at and ridiculed and his measure contemptuously and unceremoniously sent to the rlghtabout, was triumphantly justified to all eternity when the once thought- less and inconsistent scoffers turned completely round and eagerly welcomed it to a man when it was urged that the reform was essential in the interests of war-time economy—as if the so easily avoidable waste was previously of no mo- ment! It seems not improbable that under the like pressure those who have been wont to con- demn the vegetarians "lock, stock, and barrel," may be induced to regard the cult somewhat' more Complacently. When at last week's meet- ing the Guardians were discussing the beef con- tractors' application for an extra 3d. per lb. on their supplies to the Workhouse, the Rev. A. M.' Mitchell asked why they should not do without meat altogether as he had done for years. Well, it is not unreasonable in the cir- cumstances, to appeal for the more frequent substitution of substantial and wholesome non- flesh dinners at such institutions. That were simply to ask that paupers might be put on a dietary level with many householders who have poor rates to pay. But there! To whisper ever so faintly in some ears even that certain public institutions should have margarine instead of butter is something like putting forth an nn- holy hand to touch the sacred ark. Yet multi- tudes of respectable outsiders, while not netles- Barfly sharing old Betty Higden's horror of the Workhouse or that manifested by the poor fellow who committed suicide recently, use only margarine nowadays. Some of us have tasted no butter and little flesh meat for a year or more; and, such as it is, our self-sacrifice is made systematically and with a well-defined and not unworthy object. Rate-supported and voluntary institutions should as far as possible without anything like serious deprivation help in this way to tide over the national crisis.

Vegetarianism. As to opinions in relation to the general prin- ciple for which the excellent Vicar of Burton- wood is ever the doughty champion, all, of course, may continue to enjoy the utmost free- dom. While as always gratefully accepting at the hands of the vegetarians such of their uP-to- date recipes as are obviously of service to the community as a whole, we may continue to poke fun at their pure and unadulterated faddism-- as 1 well remember was done at a pre-war conference on " Piet " in connection with the National Food Public Association. As I read at the time, one bright contribution to that most scintillating conference came from Dr. Shelley, who gave quite a new version of Mary's vcry- muph-paradied lamb. Here is a summary of the amusing story : A medical friend of his was most interested in the question of the relation of morals to diet. He had some doubt as to the truth of the generally accepted argument that much :neat eating was bad for the moral fibre of mankind and the beast of the field. So he ex- perimented with the appetite and the passions of a pet lamb. This lamb (Jane was her name) he fed -entirely on mutton chops! Jane was his constant companion; on their walks abroad the good doctor watched her closely out of the corner of his eye, expecting that at any moment she might turn and rend him limb from limb. In ,course Of time this cannibal lamb became a sheep; yet, except for an unwonted sparkle in her eye and manifest uneasiness whenever a bed of mint was approached. she showed no signs of evil doing or evil thinking. And she de- veloped finally into as placid an old lady sheep as ever graced a meadow, loving and kind and full of charitableness! What will the Rev. A. M. Mitchell think of this heresy?

===== 0002601_19160610_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor Roberts Defines The Attitude Of The Town Council.

TRADES COUNCIL'S RETORT.

The Mayor reported that he had received notice that Mr. R. Rule had enlisted in Forces, and was therefore unable to act as a member of the Naval and Military War Pen- sions, &c., Committee, and that in consequence the Trade Unions and the Trades and Labour, Council had been invited to recommend a mem- ber in his stead. The -Mayor also reported that at a meeting of representatives of the Trade Unions and the Trades and Labour. Council, held on the 23rd instant, Mr. Charles Dukes and Mr. A. E. Sea. bury were again recommended for appointment the Naval and Military War Pensips, &c., Committee. Resolved, that such recommendation be nnt entertained. In the above terms the determination of the Town Council in General Purposes Committee not to accept the nomination of Messrs. Dukes and Seabury for seats on the Pensions Com- mittee was submitted for the approval in open Council at the monthly meeting on Tuesday evening. The adoption of the minutes was moved by the Mayor, seconded by Dr. Joseph.

COUNCILLOR ROBERTS'S EXPLANATION.

Councillor Henry Roberts, in an impassioned speech, which visibly carried the whole Council with it, said it had -been considered 'desirable that he should explain on behalf of the Council the reasons whick had actuated the Council .on two occasions in a practically unanimous man- ner to refuse to approve of the appointment of the two persons named. -

and only as late as last Easter there was a meet- ing of the British Socialist Party—l think they call themselves that, although there is very little British about it—in Manchester. This meeting was presided over by one of these in- dividuals. A man who has given more service to true Socialism for the last 30 years than any of these men who are seeking notoriety to-day could give if they lived to be 100 years, a man who has made sacrifices for what he believes to be the true principles of Socialism—Hynd- man—and some 20 to 30 others seceded from the meeting as a ,protest against the pacifist and anti-national siiirit displayed at this meeting, held under the presidency, of one of the two candidates for seats on our Naval and Military War Pensions Committee. And then what hap- pened? The British Socialist Party, presided over by Mr. Seabury, whom I should not know if I ;met him, sat for the best part of two days with closed doors. Why was secrecy necessary in a case like this? If they were anxious for the well-being of their fellow-men and the welfare of their country, surely they would have allowed the world to know what attitude they were taking up; but, like the craven cowards they are, they sat inside, with closed doors; for fear something should become known which might land some of them in gaol. (Laughter.) That is the true explanation. -

" Brazen-faced."

Soon after the war broke out, when Parlia- ment asked us, and the whole national spirit gas desirous, that every penny that could be saved should be saved; these two gentlemen, accom- panied by a third, forced a municipal contest in Warrington, costing the town between £6O and £7O. Of course, £6O or £7O of public money does not matter to them. • Their proportion of the subscription towards_ that sum would be repre- sented by a minus quantity, so far as one of them, at any rate, is concerned. No desire was evinced to assist their country in a financial direction; but, on the contrary—whether it was to gratify their vanity .or not I. don't know— 'they forced an election and got what they 6:- served—a most sound and severe thrashing. (Hear, hear.) I have no objection to that part of it—(laughter)—except the expenditure of the money. But on the night of the poll, in front of this old, historic building and in the presence of a large number of people, when the custom- ary loyal ceremonial of the singing of the National Anthem took place, both these men, brazen-faced as they were, stood there, in spite of , the protests of those who were alongside them and of others, and showed their abomin- able insolence to the King and to whet the King represents by remuining with their hats on—an act in itself contemptibly mean , and paltry, but certainly not the act of loyal spb- fects.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Council's Right to Veto.

In the first place, said Councillor Roberts, there seems to be an impression in some quar-. ters that because a certain meeting was held at which certain names were submitted to this Council in a certain order that this Council was, bound, as a matter of tourse, to accept those Dailies. That is a delusion. This Council has a perfect right—in 'fact it is invested by the Statutory Committee with the power—to make a selection from such persons as are recommended, and it is not bound in any shape or degree by the decision of the body which nominates in the first place the persons in question. The Coun- cil has acted absolutely within its rights in ro- fusing, on two occasions, to accept the nomina- tion of these two individuals. One reason why we object to their appoint- ment is the fact that at the two meetings to which I have referred, which were held for the purpose of recommending names to submit to this Council, it is notorious that the decision of those meetings did not carry out the inten- tion of Parliament, inasmuch as it did. not represent the true voice of Labour in this town on this question. (Hear, hear.) I make that statement advisedly, and I say that the Trades and Labour Council- does not comprise more than half of the trade unions of the town, big and little; and, further, that only an insignifi- cant proportion of the trade unions belong to the Trades and Labour Council. Practically the whole-. of the largest and most important members of the trade unions of the town are outside the Trades and Labour Council.

A Travesty of Democracy.

Again, the Trades and Labour Council profess to be a democratic body. There never was a greater travesty of democratic principles than what was *done at those twol meetings. The Trades and Labour Council sent to the meetings its own representatives and took care to secure representatives from each of the unions affiliated to itself so that the Trades and Labour CoUncil, so far as its own opinions and delsires are con- cerned, practically got double representation at those meetings; hence the farcical results which followed. Does anyone who knows the opinion of Warrington imagine that if a popular vote was taken from trade unionist and labour men that they would have returned either of the two men mentioned? I venture to say that they would have been hopelessly beaten by a vote of the town. (Hear, hear.) Then another thing which prevented a real, adequate and proper view of the trade unionist opinion being taken is the fact that the extremely short time avail- able between the receipt of the notice convening the meeting and the holding of it, made it quite .i,mpossible for the various trade unions to meet to appoint their representatives and furnish them with instructions how• to vote. As a matter of fact practically only two, or at the I most four, unions were able to act constitu- tionally in their appointment of delegates to those meetings. So much for the Trades and ILabour Council.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
The. Question of Loyalty.

But our second and -great objection to the appointment of these two men is that they are not believed to be loyal subjects of the King and country. (Hear, hear.) Why do I say that? I say that out of the evidence of their own mouths. I have no interest personally as applied to either of these two men in raising this question, but every member of this Council is sworn in his allegiance to the King to do all that he believes right, proper and just for the preservation of his Majesty's position and the integrity of the country. (Hear, hear.) r say without any fear of contradiction that this is no time for parleying with the great circum- stances of the hour. The facts of the last few days, and particularly of to-day, make it more imperative than ever that every man who loves his country and every man who respects his King shall do all that lies in his power to make it impossible for men who owe no allegiance to King or country to hold any position of public importance in any direction whatever. We will have no part or lot in the elevation of such men at this time. They don't love England, and they care less for England and England's soldiers and sailors. Then let them get out of England and -find some prace more congenial to them. (Hear, hear.) This country belongs to those who love England, and who are loyal to its interests and are willing to fight for its in- terests, and we are going to see to it, when the time is more ripe than it is at the present moment, that a proper sense of proportion is obtained in regard to the different positions which men of different views shall occupy. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19160610_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Conscience.

We oppose the appointment of the two in- dividuals in question on the ground that they are not loyal. In proof of that I have only to refer you to the local Press. They and their association opposed recruiting, and they declined to have anything to do with Lord Derby's scheme, or to give the slightest assistance in any direction whatever to bring together the men necessary for preserving this country of ours from invasion and from dangers of a s‘imi- lar nature. And then we have the pettifogging and paltry excuse made by one of them that he would not have it on his conscience—his conscience! what is his conscience worth ?—that he had advised any young man to take up arms for fear he might lose his life. Are not our men losing their lives by thousands? (Hear, hoar.) What aboht those, magnificent fellows who went down last week without a murmur, in order, that England's hearths and homes Might be saved from the dangers of invasion? What about the man whose life we know so much about, whose memory we venerate, who to-day has made the great sacrifice of all for England? (Hear, hear.) And then for a man who, up to now, has used every dodge and trick he knows of to evade his proper responsibility as a citizen of this country, to excuse himself on the ground that his conscience—God help his conscience!_. won't permit him to do this thing for fear be should have the bloOd of som4 young man upon his shoulders! We will take it for what it is worth.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Socialists in Camera..

And then they had the audacitY, and I use the word advisedly, after refusing to assist in pro- tecting t ngland-against its enemies, to demand seats on a Tribunal which should adjudge who should be excused, and who would not be. You, Mr. Mayor, very properly said that those who had made Tribunals necessary had no right t" ask- for seats upon them. (Hear, hear-) Then they opposed the Military Service Bill;

===== 0002601_19160610_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
"A Damnable Slander."

ButoSir, that is not all. In 1914 there was a paper published in Warrington called the "Labour Gazette." The editor's name is given as C. Dukes, and I believe I am right in saying —I am -subject to ,correction—that the other illtistrious colleague-of Mr. Dukes was assisting; to some extent, in the production of this paper. At any rate, in the very same num- ber '' of this paper is an article Which bears his initials. Ile was, there- fore, a contributor, and to that extent, I take it, his views were in accord with the views of the editor. In that number thie:-pamphlet, copied and placed in the editorial columns, appears. It is, headed ." The Military Ideal," audit is addressed to the young men of England. This is haw it reads:—

Young man The lowest aim in your life is te be a good- soldier; Ther"good, soldier" n6cer tries to distinguish right from wrong. He never thinks, never reasons; he only obeys. If he is Ordered to fire on his fellow-citizens, n his friends, on his neighbours, he obeys with- out hesitation. If he is ordered to fire down a crowded street when the poor are clamour- ing for bread he obeys and sees the grey hairs of age stained with red and the life tide gush- ing from the breast of woman, feels neither remorse nor sympathy. If he is ordered off as one of a firing squad to execute a hero or benefactor, he fires without hesitation, though he knows the bullet will pierce the noblest heart that ever beat in human breast. A good soldier is a blind, heartless, soulless, murderous machine. He is not a man, he is not even a brute, for brutes only kill in gel- defence. All that is human in him, all that is divine in him, all that constitutes a man, has been sworn away when he took the enlist- ment oath. His mind, his conscience, and his very soul are in the keeping of his officer. No man can fall lower than a soldier—it is a depth beneath which we cannot go. Young man: Don't be a soldier or a Porn- tonal; be a man.

Cries of "Shame," which were joined in by the public present in the Council Chamber. "That Is Not The Worst Of It." You may Well say "Shame," continued Coun- cillor Roberts. A more disgraceful, a more damnable slander on the bravest men who ever left England's shores never was uttered, or printed. (Hear, hear.) And this is the kind of thing, that emanates from the official organ of the Trades and Labour Council—Charles Dukes, editor. But that is not the worst of it. In "The Times" of March 20th, 1915, this state- ment appears:—

The British working man is probably un- aware of the extent to which German influence has been employed to foment industrial un- rest. An instance of this is to be found in a pernicious leaflet, a copy of which has come into our handt, as having been circulated withiff the last few days both in London.. and. Glasgow.. We have made inquiries about it. . _

and find that the authorities have known of it existence since January, 1914, when 25,000 copies of it were printed for circulation by members of "The Industrial Worlgers'

League," of 166, Farringdon-street, E.C. It bears no imprint, but the printer has been discovered in one Valentine Frietag, a Ger- man, who is also the printer of "The Herald of Revolt," "The Industrial Worker," "The Catering World," and other revolution- ary literature. He is now in the hands of the police. I believe it is right to say that this circular was issued broadcast at the time of the dock strike in London, and at the time of the strike amongst munition workers in Glasgow. I verily believe that the printing and circula- tion of that leaflet was a part pf the German propaganda, paid for by German money. I don't say it was consciously introduced into this "Labour Gazette" with knowledge of that fact, hut the fact that it is printed without an im- print and by a German who is now incarcerated, goes a long way to justify my surmise that German money had a great deal to do with the introduction of that pamphlet in the first in- stance,

"Enslavement of the Working Classes." A short time ago a No-Conscription Fellow- ship card was obtained from Mr. Seabury's office—a card which pledges the subscriber, to its contents—not to take up arms in case of conscription whatever the, penalties are for re- fusing. From the same source a copy of a reser lution evidently prepared for submission to the trade union concerned was obtained.

This resolution ran:— That this meeting of the Warrington Branch of the National Union of Gas and General Labourers do hereby protest against the tendency, of the Government towards enforcing a system of military and industrial conscrip- tion—[There is no, and has never been the slightest tendency on the part of the Govern- ment towards industrial conscriptionl—and regards such a''tendency to a further enslave- ment of the working classes, a shackling of , the few liberties we at present Possess—[What I wonder, would be the enslavement of the working classes if they were left to the tender mercies of the type of men I am discussing?)_ and a subjection of all that lends to social evolution and do hereby pledge ourselves to resist by any and every means any attempts

===== 0002601_19160610_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
at diversion from the system at present in operation." The 11"ght of the Maimed.

I contend that the Council has ample justi- fication—in fact, I say it is laid upon the Council as an imperative duty that they shall not in the slightest degree pander to the spirit which has actuated these men in taking up the atti- tude they have adopted. Remembering what we do of the purposes and objects for Nvtich this Pensions Committee is about to be formed, remembering as we do that there wril have to come before it in Warrington possibly scores of men—fellow-workers of ours, fellow-townsmen and citizens of ours, some of thenr old school fellows, and some of them rela- tives of ours—don't you think, don't we' all think that they are at least entitled to come before a committee composed absolutely of men and women who not only sympathise with them because of the maimed condition which has be- fallen them in the performance of their duty to their King and country; but who also appreciate all the sacrifices they have made to save England from the fate which has befallen Belgium. (Applause.) The Mayor asked for further comments,. but thought a sufficiently strong case had been made out to justify a solid vote. The minutes were carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OTHER SIDE.

Mr. Dukes Looks Into Coun- cillor Roberts's Record.

Within an hour of Councillor Henry Roberts having delivered his speech, Mr. Charles Dukes and Mr. A. E. Seabury were making their reply' before the Trades and Labour Council, congre- gated in the Socialist Hall, Bridge Foot. Mr. Dukes had been side-tracked from attend- ing the Town Council meeting owing to a business engagement, but had received from Mr. Sea. bury the gist of the attack, that gentleman-hav- ing been in the strangers' gallery during the debate.

Mr. Dukes. said he had no desire to be per- sonal, but he understood that those who had taken objection to him and Mr. Seabury had done so mainly in the name of Labour, had attached great importance to the past record of the men to whom they objected, and has' per- suaded the Town Council to, vote against the acceptance of the nominees of the joint meet- ing of trade union officials. He (Mr. Dukes) had no objection to anyone looking into his past record as a Labour man, for he had never pre- tended to be anything else, but if hi i; record was to be looked into and to be judged as to his fitness'to sit upon the War Pensions Committee, 'then he was-fully entitled to examine the his- tory' of those who had taken objection to his co-option. He had ever taken the view that the main function of a Labour man was the con- sideration of Labour questions, and to confine himself to the study of the interests of the class he claimed to represent. He could not be accused of veering from that position. It was, therefore, desirable that they should know from whom the objection arose that Mr. Seabury and he were not fitted as Labour men to sit upon that committee. He had no objection to the views held by Mr. Roberts, nor to those of any- body else, providing they did not claim to dic- tate what the views and opinions of Labour men should be. In January of. 1914 a confer- ence of the Labour party declared- Labour's views on the war, passing a resolution urging the workers to resist the efforts of the great war trusts to increase expenditure on armaments and calling upon parents to withstand the "insidious attempts of' the 'National Service League to introduce a system of conscription " ; the party also advocating between the workers of the world an alliance against war. Militarist in Every Sense. .

"Now the man who calls in question my views as a Labour man was one of the chief propa- gandists of the National Service League," de- clared Mr. Dukes. "Mr. Roberts favoured com- pulsoyy military 'training prior to the war and openly advocated it. He was a militarist in every sense of the word, and those who look up the booklets of that League will see that the origin of the schemes of military training they propound are to be found in the country we are fighting to-day. I have no objection to a Labdur man criticising my views, but, I certainly object to a man who has been a militarist to his bask bone. lam one of those who have stuck to the Labour party's resolution of 1914, and I object to men of Mr. Roberts's calibre, who, if they had had their way, would have Germanised England years and years ago." (Applause.) Protesting that the Trades Council was repre- sentative of Labour, and that the joint meet- ing which nominated Mr. Seabury and himself was also representative, Mr. Dukes continued. I want you to note that it is a representative of the employing class who objects to the men who should represent Labour on the committee. I openly admit that there is not, and there can- not be, any social affinity between men of Labour who understand Labour, and those who exploit Labour. I have never pretended to represent that indefinable quantity, public opinion, any more than I have represented the views of the property-owning class, and if you assume that the benefit of the workers lies in taking the hand of these people you are deplor- ably mistaken, as the future will prove. The November Elections.

"Reference has been made to the November elections. I want you to remember by whom a truce was declared. It was one thing to declare a truce, say, in Manchester, where, whilst you are not adequately represented, you have at least a fair number of Labour men on the Council; it was another thing to declare a truce which means Liberal and Tor/ domination. (Hear, hear.) That matter, I contend, is totally apart from the subject at issue." Their wish to be on the War Pensions Com- mittee had been described as audacious, added the speaker, who asked them to compare that with the audacity of an employer of Labour who sought to dictate to Labour who its,repre- sentatives should be. "I ask Mr. Roberts to name to me publicly anything in Prussianism which can out-Prussianise ' that. How would he like us to dictate as to who should sit with him on a Board of Directors?" (Applause.)

Reference had been made as to what occurred at the British Socialist party conference. Had that anything to do with the matter? He won- deredif H. M. Hyndman, who had been named, would' care to rub shoulders with Mr. Roberts? .A. ,Member: He would not: .

• Mr. Dukes: If I know Hyndman, he would not. What had been said about the B.S.P. con- ference showed that there was the most abject ignorance regarding what took place there. Their "Criminality."

Mr. Dukes declared that there was not one institution or society, excepting Labour, over which Mr. Roberts could not wield an influence in the appointments for the War Pensions Com- mittee. When the whole of the criminality of Mr. Seabury and himself had been summed up it meant that they had conceded to every dividual the same rights and privileges they wished for themselves—the right to elercise his own faculty as to where his duty lay. They had no more right to coerce a man in a matter of that kind than they had, to beat him physically. All he (Mr. Dukes) regretted was that the per- sonalities introduced should have occupied so much time, public thought and opinion and if the men who claimed to be so anxious lo serve their country were as genuine as their utter- ances would imply, then, he declared, there was more useful, better and urgent work for them to do than by constantly handling the "muck rake." The reason their opponents attacked them was because they believed that this time of crisis gave them a favorable opportunity to undermine' the little vestige of Labour organisa- tion that yet remained. But, he warned them that no one knew what the future had in store. If their love of country were to mean any- thing useful in any degree, it should be exer- Aged not in fomenting trouble and the creating of bad blood, but in the consideration of the great problems which would have to be faced on the morrow. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19160610_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. SEABURY CONTRADICTORY.

Mr. Seabury said that -Mr. Roberts had made statements which were untruthful. The first one was that the Trades and Labour Council did not represent one-half of the trade union move- ment in Warrington. As a matter of fact, the number of societies in Warrington was 56, and the 33 affiliated had the largest numbers in the town. Another statement was that the joint meetings at which the Labour men had been nominated was unrepresentative of Labour, and the fact given for this was that the time be- tween the notifications of the meetings being sent to the societies and he meetings being called was insufficient for the 'members of the

unions to be consulted. But that was entirer3r due to others and not the societies summoo.ed. It was true that a number of the officials did not bring the matter before their various, branches, but there were several which did so, and came back with a definite mandate for the resolution endorsed at the Town Hall meeting. It had also been,stated that in the Warrington office of the Gas Workers and General Labourers' Union an individual had been sup- plied by himself with the membership of the No-Conscription Fellowship. That was abso- lutely untrue, for he had never held an official position in the Fellowship, although he would say that he did not regret his association with it.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IIiMIMEO ~, _ r !

===== 0002601_19160610_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Accusation of Theft.

It had also been stated that a resolution had been passed at a meeting of the branch of the Gas Workers' Union declaring their opposition to military and industrial conscription, and pledging the meeting to resist by any and every means any attempt at deviation from the system *then in operation. Unless the resolution had been stolen from the office of that union it could not have got into the hands of Mr. Roberts. But as far as the resolution was con- ' cerned, it was passed on January Ist, and had been endorsed by every recognised Labour body in the country, prior, of course, to the introduc- tion of the Compulsory Service Act. Regard- ing his chairmanship of the British Socialist party', he (31r.'Seibury) did not regret that, for he much preferred thein company to that of the- men who comprised the Town Council of War. rington. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19160610_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A Mock Election.

Mr. Shimmins (Postmen's Federation) said that as a represettative of 'a branch which op-

posed Mr. Dukes tooth and nail over his atti- tude to the Compulsory Service Act, he could now say that the postmen were unanimous that Mr. Dukes should be on the War Pensions Com- mittee. If it came to a vote between Dukes and Roberts by the Labour men of Warrington, he had not the slightest doubt as to who would come out on top. (Applause.)

It was announced that the Executive Com- mittee of the Trades Council had forwarded the whole facts to the Central Statutory Committee, and these had been formally, acknowledged. A protest was 'made against the nominations which the National Workers' League had sent to the Town Council, it being contended that the League was political, and if they had the right to nominate anyone the Independent Labour party, the British Socialist party, or any other political organisation should have the same privilege.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPLEMENTARY HELP. Not To Be The Subject Of Charitable Appeals.

At the Town Council on Tuesday the Mayor moved :

(1) That in the opinion of this Council (a) any moneys required to supplement the pensions, grants, and allowances to the widows and other dependants of our sailors and soldiers, or to disabled men, should be provided by the State, and should not be the subject of charitable appeals; and (b) the expenses of the Local and District Committees constituted under the provisions of the Naval and Military War Pensions, &e., Act, 1915, should be borne by the State, and should not be a charge on the rates.

(2) That a copy of the foregoing resolutiOn be forwarded to the Chancellor of the Exche- quer, the President* of the Local Government Board, the. Member• for the Borough, and .the Secretary Of the Statutory Committee. The Mayor explained that the resolution had been passed by the Town Council of Chester and other Corporations had been asked to support it. Among the functions of the local PensionS Committee, continued his Worship, the power or duty is imposed "to solicit and receive from the public contributions towards the purposes of the Act." I take it that any Corporation can appeal for local contributions without anY special cower being given to them by the Act. The main function prescribed is, " to distribute any supplementary grants made by the Statu- tory Committee, the distribution of which has been delegated to the local committee." The Statutory Committee has already received 21,000,000 out of public funds, and we- are quite prepared to distribute our share of sueh money among the people entitled to it in this town. If the Statutory Committee require further funds they should come from the same source, i.e., out of the National Exchequer. (Hear, hear.) Local Funds Should Be Guarded.

It is all very well to appeal for local-sub- scriptions, but we all know that such an ap- peal would enable many people who could well afford and ought to contribute to evade their duty and responsibility. The local committee is also asked to help the Statutory Committee with any funds they may have at their dis- posal. We have, it is true, a load relief fund at present amounting to £1,680, but I doubt whether the Corporation would be willing to use this money in supplementing the Govern- ment allowances, and for the present I am strongly opposed to the idea. (Hear, hear.) As showing the disposition of the Statutory Com- mittee to avail themselves of all the local funds they can secure, they issued on the 60. May last a strong appeal to all Pensions Committees to raise voluntary funds, and this they have asked the local committees to do without first proposing to distribute the funds which they have in hand. To my mind this is a singular course of procedure and a course which local committees will have seriously to watch and guard against if they wish to avoid the duty and the direct cost of providing for those whom the Act professes to help and provide for. (Hear, hear.) , Expenses A National Charge. -

Then, with regard to the second resolution, the expenses of administration by the local committees are to be a charge upon the funds "at the disposal of the local committee, except so far as they may be paid by the Statutory Committee." This apparently gives to the Statutory Committee the option of paying or refusing to contribute to the administration expenses of the local committees. The Pensions Committee will not only have to provide offices. but they will require the services of a clerk, inquiry officers and probably, other officials. The committee cannot rely solely upqn volun- tary help in the discharge of these duties, and in my opinion it is not right that the expenses which will have to be incurred should be made a charge upon the local rates. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Joseph seconded the resolution, which was unanimously adopted.

Some Difference. "When I went to Washington," said the congressman who was defeated, ." the people of Plunkville gathered and strewed roses in no path." "And when you returned as a lame duck?" "They strewed banana peelings and cactus!"

===== 0002601_19160610_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
READERS, MAKE A NOTE.

It is a good plan to make a note of anything worth remembering. A message a week has appeared in the local papers for many years past. You have probably read hundreds. If you have not yet profited by them, make al careful note of the following. Its very earn.est" ness must appeal to mi. On January 11th, 1913, Mrs. M. Robinson, of 5, Mersey View, Weston Point, near Runcorn, said:—" My kidney complaint was brought on by a cold, through which I suffered a great deal- with pains in the small of my back. I could get no peace for them; they seemed to fix Me when I stooped, so that I could scarcell straighten myself. I felt altogether out of sort:s, and thought I should have to take to my bed* My face and eyes were badly swollen, and nil body felt heavy and bloated. "Before I had finished my first box of Doanel Backache kidney Pills my back was easier, alt two boxes put me completely right. I am new able to .stoop with ease and comfort, and tin swellings and bloated feeling have all gone. 4 am pleased to recommend Dean's Pills. (Sig' M. Robinson."

On February 24th, 1916—over three years later': Mrs. Robinson said:—" I am pleased to say that Doan's Pills made a permanent cure of me Year: ago, and I have never looked back since. heartily endorse every word I said about theft' then." . -

Of all dealers, or 2/9 a box, from roster - McClellan Co.. 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Don't ask for backache or kidney pills—ask distinctly for Dean's Backache Faditei Pills, the same as Mrs. Robinson had..

===== 0002601_19160610_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Otburril

TO BE DIVIDED.

Bishop Of Liverpool On Big Warrington Parishes.

Speaking to a conference of clergy and laity t the Deanery of Winwick, in the Patten Hall, Vilunarleigh-street, on Monday .evening, the Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. Chavasse) hinted at 4:llvisions which may be made in certain parishes in Warrington. Until the war was over, said .his Lordship, they must not expect any church building, but it was as well to know what was wanted so that they might quietly lay their plans and get ready. The time had come when St. Elphin's Parish, with its 20,000 people, must be divided. 'The Rector had looked ahead and had secured, through the generosity of Colonel Ireland Black- burne, a site for a church. And the time had 41so come when St. Paul's Church would have to put out a shoot in place of the mission room An Hoyle-street. The period was not far dis- tant when the unique church of St. Luke's, tiverpool-road, would become a centre and a Parish of its own, and when the church of St. Darnabas, Lovely-lane, would be completed. His Lordship next- had a word to say upon finance, remarking that they had a scheme for the raising of £lO,OOO a year. That sounded a great deal, but if the 66,000 communicants only gave id. a week each the money would be more than realised. Everyone of them should give something, and then if they were in need of a church, or a vicarage, or required the endow- ments of the clergy increasing, a grant would be made if those who had control considered the Schemes sound and good. • Having recommended definite religious tea:th- ing as an aid to the development of character. hie Lordship snoke of the nlace the laity should have in church work. "We clergy must give the laity their proper position" he observed. "We must take them as our counsellors, and I hope the day is coming when every chur.,h in the deanery will have its Church Council, and when every rector and vicar will do nothing Without first consulting that little parliament of laymen who gather around him." (Ap- plause.)

The, -Rector (the Rev. Canqn Willis) presified over the conference, which WAS well attended.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
128th ANNIVERSARY.

Cairo Street Sunday School's Long

History.

The 128th anniversary of the Sunday school vas held in Cairo-street Chapel on. Sunday. The preacher, morning and evening, was the Ile, V. W. Whitaker, of Platt Chapel, Manches- ter, and in the afternoon an address was given 07 Mr. Arthur E. Hoyle, of the Secondary School, Warrington. .„In the morning Mr. Whitaker spoke on "The -rriegthood of the Home," describing the in- ilLicence of home in child-life and emphasising 'in need of religion there. In the evening his subject was "The Church," and he made a ver3r powerful appeal to young people to con- sider seriously their, relation to the institutions cf the Church. In the afternoon Mr. Hoyle gave a bright and manly address on "Dr. Grenfel, of Lab- •:4l:r." Mr. Hoyle described in a very inter- 13g manner how Dr. Grenfel had first of all —rne under the influence of Dr. Moody, the g.reat revivalist, and then had undertaken evangelistic work in the slums of London, cgrrying on there a school for newspaper lads. A.fterwards, at the suggestion of Sir Frederick Treves, Dr. Grenfel organised the Mission to Deep Sea Fishers, which has been so much appreciated; and then, after that, he moved MI to greater work in Labrador. Mr. Hoyle described how, in that inhospitable country, Dr. Grenfel, almost alone, had accomplished great tasks. Along that 1,000 miles of coast- line Dr. Grenfel has established churches, schools, hospitals, trading stations, and has Practically been the sole inspirer of a new civilisation. Mr. Hoyle told the story of Dr. arenfel's courage, bravery and •industry in an irlaPressive and inspiring manner, which could tot but have a good effect on the children Wko heard him.

At the morning service the choir sang the anthem "God be in my head," to the music R. Walford Davies. The words, which are st"ken from the Sarum Primer of 1558, are as mulows:—

God be in my head, And in my understanding; God be in mine eyes, And in my looking; God be in my mouth, And in my speaking; God be in my heart, And in my thinking; God be at mine end, And at my departing. In the evening the anthem was "'From Thy Throne" (Gounod). The special hymns for the afternoon included ?Ile for which the music had (been composed '24y Mr. J. M. Muir, the organist of Cairo-street ‘4lapel. The congregations throughout the day were Z.xcellent, in spite of the wet weather. The '4llYor -(Alderman Peter Peacock) attended the korning service.

mend our soldiers and sailors and the cause of Britain and her Allies to the God who doeth righteousness."

the numerical statement reported a member- ship of 1,116. The financial statement was con- sidered satisfactory. Further, routine business was dealt with, and the invitation to hold the next quarterly meeting at, Sankey Bridges was heartily accepted..

===== 0002601_19160610_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN CIRCUIT.

Tribute To The Late Lord Kitchener

At Quarterly Meeting. Ile Wan-in/eon Wesleyan Methodist Circuit Tlarterly meeting was held at Moore on Thurh-- QaY. A large company gathered for tea, which Was served in the schoolroom. Theialoore friends entertained the company with lavish ilospitality, and the floral decorations of the tables made a most pleasing effect. Thanks _were voted to the friends on the motion of Mr. Jlarris, seconded by Mr. Charles Healey. The meeting wa4 held in the chapel, attended rover 100 representatives, and presided ovn -4 the Superintendent of the Circuit, the Rev. :v.. T. Derry, who was supported by the Revs. ,J. Morton, H. T. Dixon, Percy meson and 'I n Gunnell, also Mr. Withinshaw and Mr. ckman (circuit stewards) and Mr. Harris kSeCretary). _ _ _

- • A Great and Grievous Loss. Prior to the business of the meeting the 10110 wing resolution was adopted by a standing ,ktc. followed by the singing of "God Bless Native Land ":—" That as members of the arterly meeting of the 15 Churches of the ten arrington Wesleyan Circuit, we desire to cord our deep sense of the great and grievous 25s sustained by the Empire in the tragic death IT Lord Kitchener, Secretary of State for War, Qild to acknowledge with gratitude the splendid „,Ild Patriotic service which he has rendered, `''Pecially in the present struggle.

The Heroic Dead. &" We salute the heroic men who died in de- of their country in the battle off Jutland obi 31st May. beLWe express our heartfelt sympathy with the b 'aved and pray that they may be upheld 3' Divine consolation, and we humbly cora-

INGT (Regd. Trade Mark.) • COFFEE - IMSIENCE The Coffee Maid, of Symington's, says: " My motto is: 'Keep the kettle boiling • Then I can always have a cup of Symington's k instantly." nag. srmuircrom if W. &Wirt,. aoul Levuto,‘

li=l

===== 0002601_19160610_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CHURCH OF ENGLAND MEN'S SOCIETY.

arrington And District Federation Annual Meeting At Lyinm.

On Saturday there took place at Lymm the annual general meeting of the Warrington and District Federation of the C.E.M.S. The whole of the nine branches comprised within the Federation were well represented, and alto- gether from 50 to 60 delegates and members attended.

The preliminary proceedings consistea of a service in the Parish Church, conducted by the Rector (the Rev. G. B. Thurston). Tea, in the Masonic Hall, followed, the Rector's wife acting as hostess. Tasteful floral decorations had been lavishly employed to make the room pleasing and attractive, and the careful kind- ness of the Lymm ladies had placed on each man's plate a button-hole of pansies. The re- freshments disposed of, and suitable acknow- ledgments made, the main business of the assembly commenced on the Rectory lawn, fringed with its delightful sylvan surroundings. The Hon. Secretary and also the Federation Chairman reported on the year's work, dealing more particularly with the co-operation which had been evinced by all concerned, and con- gratulating the Federation on its keen officers and useful work. A balance sheet showing a record amount of receipts and expenditure was unanimously passed., - The following changes in the officers for 1916-17 were then made :—Mr. J. V. Partington '(late Press secretary) becomes chairman, and the present chairman, the Rev. Greenham (Halton Parish), in accordance with rules, automatically becomes vice-chairman. The secretary and assistant retain office. Mr. F. T. Newbold (Sankey Branch) was elected Press secretary. Delegates to the annual Conference at •Manchester in September were elected, St. Paul's, Warrington, and Lymm Branches each sending a member.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. W. REID.

Preaches "With Much Acceptance" In

His New Church.

The Rev. Wm. Reid, late of Warrington, has been inducted as minister of the Trinity Presbyterian Church of England, Canonbury, London, and referring to his opening services, the "Islington Daily Gazette" says (in part): "The congregations were good, especially in the evening, when the church was well filled. Mr. Reid preached with much acceptance, and his ministry in the historic church gives promise of much success."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A. •

Mr. B. Farrar presided over. Sunday's meet- ing, and the Rev. T. T. James gave the address upon "The Lord's Prayer." Prayer was a good and most necessary act, he said. Jesus lived in the constant spirit of prayer; it was a living claim upon Him. The Apostles saw Him daily, heard His prayers, and felt the inspiration of them. The Christ, if in all His purity, needed prayer and was the stronger for prayer, so we can follow His great and grand example. And, as the Apostles, we can say "Lord teach us how to pray." '

Mr. C. Cotton and Mr. A. Healey took part in the meeting. Mr. Payton rendered an organ solo, which was greatly appreciated.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COLLEGE.

Lady Appointed As Vice- Principal.

GUILD ANNUAL MEETING.

Miss F. G. Timewell, who has for many years been on the staff of the Warrington Training College, has been appointed Vice- Principal to succeed the Rev. W. Hendy-Cock, who will shortly take up the duties of assistant diocesan inspector for the North-Western Divi- sion of the Manchester Diocese.

It is in accordance with the requirements of the Board of Education that the new Vice- Principal is a lady, who will reside at the College.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS FERRIMAN RETIRES.

College Lady Superintendent's Long

And Faithful Service.

There was an attendance of over 600 members of the Warrington Training College staff, present and past students and friends on the occasion of the annual meeting, last Saturday, of the, St. Katharine's Guild of former students, an occasion which was utilised for making several presentations to Miss Ferriman upon her retirement from the post of Lady Superintendent, Which she has held for many years. There being no room in the College to hold the large assembly the ceremony took place out of doors, on one of the terraces. The Principal (the Rev. Canon Morley • Stevenson), raised on a small platform, made a brief, but very touching speech. He referred in feeling terms to the fact that they had met to do honour to Miss Ferriman and her 41 years' faithful service to the College. He re- minded his hearers that their knowledge of what she had been and done was very limited compared with his. He had received great nelp from her during the whole time they had worked together, and he could not thank her properly for the sympathy and support she had always given him. All felt they would like Miss Ferriman to take some remembrance of the College away with her into her new Sphere of life, in which they hoped she would enjoy a long and pleasant period of rest. A very generous response had been made to the appeal to "old students," and he had much pleasure in handing to her, on their behalf, a very unassuming little book, more interesting inside than it appeared outside. It was a bank- book for a deposit of .RlOl, which they wished her to expend in any way that she pleased. Other gifts were then handed' to Miss Ferri- man—a silver-plated breakfast dish from the Principal and Mrs. Stevenson, a canteen of plate and cutlery from past and present mem- bers of the Staff, a gold watch bracelet from the present Students, and a silver butter-dish and knife from the Manchester Old Students' Association.

Three , hearty cheers were then given at the Principal's request, and Miss Perriman uttered a few words of grateful thanks, the Principal having promised, on her behalf, that as it would be imaossible for them all to hear her, she would niit make a speech, but would say all that she had to say in the next number of the College Magazine.

0.

1/4-2• ik• • q +IA 1\ r

===== 0002601_19160610_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mk.a.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

2,300 WIVES & WIDOWS

Make Garden Party Biggest Held In The Borough.

MAYOR'S THOUGHTFULNESS.

Two little inquisitive and venturesome boys, whose trousers had been sent back to port for repairs times beyond calculation, heard a grand band playing in Bank Park on Saturday afternoon, and, being turned about when they presented themselves at the gate, tried to get inside by contracting themselves through the railings, but a policeman saw and frightened them home.

Had they been lucky enough to effect an entrance they would have attended the largest garden party ever held in Warrington. s Alderman Peter Peacock's mayoralty has been made memorable by many outstanding events. That of Saturday will enrich it, for by his and his wife's kindly act no fewer than 2,300 wives and widows of Warrington soldiers and sailors spent hours which must be reckoned among their happiest since the war began. Husbands in the trenches and on the seas will feel cheered by the news sent them in their letters. One thousand eight hundred had signified their desire to be guests, and to these specially designed invitations were forwarded, but Sat- urday ushered with it such delightful al fresco weather that 500 more came knocking at the gate, and, qualifying by showing their ring papers, were as welcome as the rest. The main theatre of operations was on the lawn behind the Town Hall, though, of course, the whole of the gardens fitted into friendly territory, and were by no means shunned. But the principal venue was the lawn, for there congregated the host and hostess, the band of the 2nd South Lancashire Regiment, the Scarlet Poms, the tea tent (a marquee, which more than suggested a flower show) and the ice cream and lemonade stalls. And all these at- tractions were to be had just for the asking. Selections by the band, under Mr. Cahill, were frequent and generally of a light order, the metre sometimes prompting the ladies to couple up and waltz on the agreeable green sward. Like their husbands, in another sense, they were comrades in arms. On two or three occasions they acted more collectively, a long line of them indulging in a crocodile crawl. As time sped on a decorous walk took them all to the tea tables.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTERTAINMENT AND TEAS.

Very delightful, too, were the programmes sub- mitted by Mr. Whittle's troupe of Scarlet Ponis, looking far brighter, than seaside pierrots. Songs, humorous and serious, gained their objective, the stories were always funny, a ventriloquial sketch by Mr. Will Morris, of Chester, made us imagine two persons where there was only one, and some conjuiing tricks lifted our eyebrows. Along with the Poms were Madame S. Silcock, Madame B. Eckersley, who rendered some very pleasing songs indeed. Before the guests had been in the,grounds and sun many minutes there was "great business" being done at the ice &cam stall, those with more sensitive tastes taking in lemonade. The Mayor was one of the busiest attendants, serving the biscuit horns with the alacrity of an Italian vendor born to the work.

Mrs. Mitchell was responsible for the catering, Mrs. Brooke garnering forty young ladies to lot as waitresses at tea, which was handed to the guests as they sat on chairs and forms in real afternoon-tea style.

The lawn presented a picturesque and animated scene—picturesque by reason of zhe bunting and allied flags which flew in the warm breeze, and animated because life was being enjoyed to the full. Not merely "wives and widows" were present. Very kindly the Mayor and Mayoress had invited the Town Councillors, and most of these gentlemen found their way to the party with their wives, after- wards enjoying tea in the ,Town Hall, as also did the waitresses and entertainers. There was to have been dancing on the front lawn in the evening, but owing to the naval battle this was wisely ruled out of the pro- gramme.

THE MAYOR-"A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW."

During the afternoon the Mayor addressed the gathering, and at the close three mighty cheers rang through the air for him, followed by "For he's a jolly good fellow." Then more cheers. In -the course of his speech, the Mayor ex- pressed his thankfulness that those present had accepted his invitation. He was exceedingly pleased that the weather had favoured them. He was proud of the way in which the War- rington boys, fathers and husbands had rallied to the country's call—(cheers)—and he thought that his giving their dependants a garden party was some manifestation of his pleasure. (Cheers.) He would have liked to invite all the relatives of the heroes, but the park could not accommodate them' all. His object that day was to give happiness to the wives and widows and make them feel that there were hearts who cared for them and were anxioUs to give them comfort. His hope was that their dear hus- bands would return safe to Warrington and that he should be able to,welcome them. (Ap- plause.) ' He trusted those present would bear up during the period they had got to wait for the return from the Front, and that their best expectations would be realised. At all times the Mayoress and himself were anxious to extend help for their happiness. In conclusion, his Worship thanked Colonel Moggridge for sending the 2nd South Lancashire Regiment Band, the Scarlet Poms for their entertainments, Mrs. Brooke and her lady friends, Mrs. Mitchell, the park officials, and nll others who had lent a hand in making the affair a success. (Cheers.) It should be added that in the centre of the lawn there was a framed roll of honour to the heroic dead. It stood on an easel and, as some of the women pointed out to their friends the names of their late husbands, pathetic scenes were not infrequent.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
"SWAT THE FLY.."

Grim Reasons Why The Fly

Must Be Killed.

The house fly is beginning to make its appear- ance, and the sooner we begin the campaign against it the better. Beyond all question the fly is a carrier of typhoid, tuberculosis, cholera infantum, cerebro-spinal meningitis, diphtheria, scarlet fever, bronchitis, small-pox and many other diseases, so that the campaign against it is based upon a very real danger. When it comes to multiplication of the species the Australian rabbit is not in it with the fly. Dr. Howard, of the bureau of entomology, at Washington, says that in a climate such as exists there 12 generations of flies are produced in a single summer. As one fly will lay 120 eggs the result, if all of these should hatch and re- produce their kind in like ratio, would be appalling. Their unchecked development in 12 generations would measure 268,778,165,- 861 cubic miles, or considerably more than the total mass of the earth. Fortunately this does not occur or an end would speedily come to the human race. As a matter of actual experience and observation, it is estimated that from each pair of flies surviving the-winter some 8,000,000 living insects are propagated during the sum- mer.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A Product Of Filth.

The fly is a product of filth. It breeds in it, luxuriates in it and then when the notion appeals to it enters your home and wipes its disease-laden feet and shakes its bacilli sprinkled wings on your food and drink. The fly that lights just for a, second on the nipple_ of the baby's bottle may mean crepe on the door and a pathetic little coffin in the parlour. It is self- evident that everyone's duty is to swat the fly. The fly has no friends and so far as can be seen has no usefulness in the world. It is not used even for bait, is not kept as a pet, is not under the protection of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. It is a nuisance, a danger, it menace to human life and a perversity to bald heads. Swat the fly!

A Rice Cake. Half a pound of rice, lb. of flour, -lb. of loaf sugar, nine eggs, flavouring, ill,. of butter; separate the 'whites from, the Yolks of the eggs, whisk both well, and add to the yolks the butter beaten to a cream; stir in the flour and rice, and beat the mixture well, then.-addthe whites of the eggs; beat the cakes again for tome time, put into a buttered mould and bake for one hour aid half.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
+4* + •: • •:•• : • • •: • ++ + + 46- ;: • 0 + + + +4* + + +0 • + 0 + 0•• : • • •: • + + + + •:• + 0 + + 4•0 a:, • • : • 0 • •: • 4 • 4 • • 4: , • •: • • •• : • • •: • •: • • • • •: • • •: • • •:* • * •1) • 0 •:• + 0 * •: • • • • + •:. 4 • 4* 0 4* 0 4 • 4 • 4: • 4:* + • 4 • - • • 4.4. 0 * .1.... .:..) if WOMAN'S WORLD," ::t41.• •• • • • • . • C. • : 1 o 4 ' 0 CHAT and GOSSIP.

half sheets of notepaper should be treasured as never before.

The Revival of Narrow Ribbon Velvet. Early Victorian fashions—modified to suit the times—have inspired this summer's modes, and every week witnesses the revival of an old- world• fashion or some detail of dress or its ornamentation. The almost universal use of ribbon velvet is a case in point. In the broad,:r widths it has for some time been almost universally used on garments of all descrip-. tions, in the form of tucks, and as edgings to the long narrow pockets placed on each side of tailored skirts and dresses. Now the narrow black ribbon velvet has just made its appear- ance as a trimming for dainty summer dresses and blouses. Enormous quantities of it are used on one dress, since as many as twenty rows form one group on a coloured muslin ,skirt, and there are two, sometimes three of I these groups. Frequently, however, they are graduated. The bodice and sleeves are orna- mented in the same way. These rows of narrow ribbon velvet look well on the tulle dresses in delicate tints that are in great favour for young girls' evening frocks.

Old-time Stitchery. Smocking is another revival that is finding much favour as an ornamentation for cotton and other frocks, as Well as for blouses, Old stitches are sought for in books and prints, and workers are fast becoming experts in the most difficult patterns. This form of stitchery is used instead of gathers, to hold the fullness at the waist of some of the more expensive white linen dresses; the sleeves being smocked on the shoulders to match. Materials of all descriptions are smocked just now, but the lighter the fabric, the more difficult the work proves. A good crepe de chine smocks admir- ably, and is in great request for blouses, blouse coats, sports coats, and jumpers, adorned with this effective handiwork. Spotted foulard forms another modish trimming for blouses made of fine white baptiste, collars, cuffs and ties being Made of this silk. Rook Pie and Stone Soup. Rooks, we are told, can be, made into an excel- lent pie. This is no doubt true. But according to some of the recipes published, it, in some respects, very much resembles the famous "stone soup," says "Farm and Home." An adventurer had a wonderful stone from which excellent soup could be made, and in his tramps he made good use of it. The villagers were attracted by his statements and came to see the preparation, He pointed out that though the soup was good when the stone was employed alone, it could be improved in various ways. So a few carrots obtained from one, a few turnips from another, potatoes from a third, and bones from a fourth, were gradually added. And all agreed that the stone soup was excellent. So with the rook pie. When the 'steak and the rest of it are all added, the trouble is to find the rook: It reminds us of the story of the charitable old *lady who gave a few crusts to a poor beggar, with the remark: "If you soak them in a quart of milk, add a pound or so of currants, some sugar and lemon peel, they will make a very nice pudding for you."

Barley Cream. Take 2oz. of pearl barley, boil it in water till it is very tender; then rub it through a hair sieve, and put it to one pint of cream, with an egg well beaten; sweeten it, and let it boil. You may, if you like, leave some of the whole barley in.

about this saluting—l w. rticular about that. salute me—you salute

for doing their share. The late Mr. Willett was the first one to think of this plan, but the others snubbed him every time he spoke about it. He did all he oould to get it into force, but it was all in vain. Since this great crisis arose it has been thought over and brought into force, and has been carried out by nearly all people. It will bring in a great sum by the end of the year. It makes a great difference to children who will persist on not going to bed early, for when they get up in the morning they wonder what's the matter with them, for they cannot open their eyes, and then they forget that they have missed an hour's sleep. The large firms in London are saving great sums of money with the alteration of clocks and watches, and by not using so much gas and coal."

, •Vl' ;00

===== 0002601_19160610_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
By MARJORIE.

Women on the Land.

Before the war, about a million of men were employed on the land, and Of these, more than a quarter have joined the Army. Agriculture has thus been brought to danger point, and the decreased production must-bring about a serious shortage of food in the near future, unless the situation can be saved by the women. A Women's War Agricultural Committee. for Middlesex has been formed, and those who are in a position to work without payment, are asked to offer their services. Altogether thirty- five thousand women have registered, and are more willing to work on the land than the farmers are to engage them. The greater num- ber of these women have had some training, or are accustomed to dairy and other work. Of the sixteen hundred who have registered in Oxfordshire nearly three hundred are already at work, and doing well. Farmers in the North and East are more willing to engage women than are those in the South and West. It is expected that a large amount of holiday labour will be available, and that soldiers will be allowed to give some help %luring the hay and wheat harvests.

Home-made Soap. From a. penny book issued by the Central Committee for National Patriotic Organisations, and Very clearly and concisely written by .the Hon. Mrs. Lionel Guest, it would appear that every family is in a position to make its own soap at practically no cost whatever. The secret lies in the saving of every scrap of fat, which in the wasteful British way, has hitherto been allowed to choke up the kitchen drain. How- ever small, the quantity collected daily, it should be melted and stored in a lard pail; there will be no disagreeable odour if the fat is melted over a gentle heat, and not allowed in smoke or to burn. Six pounds of fat will make 81 pounds of soap, if the simple directions given in this book are followed. In the West of England many families still make their own soap, the preparations being included in the usual routine of the household. Mrs. Guest gives valuable advice on the subject of home laundering, and proves that when the soap :an be made from waste grease, with the addition of a few other ingredients, all inexpensive, a serious item can be eliminated from the weekly expenses of every household. The Shortage of Paper.

Hitherto paper has been so cheap and plenti- ful that few people troubled to be careful about the use of it, but a period of strict economy in this as in other matters is now setting in. Some householders count it an advantage to have their letter boxes comparatively free of handbills, circulars and catalogues, but purchasers and shopkeepers are faced with a drastic scarcity of wrapping materials, and before very long, it may be compulsory for customers to carry home their parcels done up in their own paper. Brown paper and string can be used several times for wrapping purposes if preserved, and tissue paper will not be so lavishly used by milliners and shopkeepers as heretofore, so that every sheet should be preserved. Stationery, like everything else, is costing more, and unused

===== 0002601_19160610_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
.:. 0 0 .:. 4.4. 0 4.4, 4..

• v • Children s Corner. •

4. _____. tt. • • • . Conducted by UNCLE JACK. 0 • * • .:. 4. 0• 0 0 ***.c. •• • 0 0+ 4. 04.• 0 +

===== 0002601_19160610_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
DAYLIGHT SAVING.

My DEAR CHILDREN,— What an intelligent set of nephews and nieces I have, to be sure! When I asked you to write upon daylight saving, I was in some doubt as to the wisdom of doing so, but the letters I have received show that you are all well informed on "general knowledge" sub- jects. Nearly every writer this week has stated all the points about daylight saving, and I have been unable to reproduce more than short ex- tracts from each, after selecting the winning composition. You will understand that, won't you ? All the letters were good and worth printing, but they were so many, and of course dealt with the same points very largely. So many were equal in value that I had to decide to place that letter first that gave most of the opinions of the Writer. As I have said before, I like to know what children think about things, and to hear them describe their own experiences bear- ing upon a given subject. The best letter judged by this standard was sent by Niece Elsie Johnson (No. 777), 323, Lovely-lane, who attends Wycliffe SchoOl, and won a prize a month or six weeks ago—the last time the prize went to a Wycliffe scholar. The competition this week will be an essay on How I Spent Whit Monday.

There will be no holidays this Whit-week for anybody but school children; so you are highly favoured.

New Members.

My new members continue to increase, some of the names being sent in by the new members by friends. One new niece themselves, some wrote asking could she join and how to do it- They join the Corner. by saying they tvish to do so, 'mid writing their name, address, age and school, just as this little lady did. She will find her name and number in this week's list. Your loving UNCLE JACK.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WINNING ESSAY.

By Niece Elsie Johnson (777), 323, Lovely. lane; age 12; Wycliffe School. " Our family have found daylight saving pro- fitable, and as I suppose all people have, besides the gas works. Our gas bill will be a Very small one, and if we go on :as we are doing we will be of great use to the Government during this war. 'We 'never hardly light the gas at night time now because it is light when we go to bed, •but,when we.kav,e no fire 'we-use the gas- jet, and therefore that takes the pence. This money saved will be of great advantage to the Govern- ment, and they will be pleased with all people

,j4ll

===== 0002601_19160610_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHLY COMMENDED.

Niece Eeina Fellows, 44, Bewsey-road (Evelyn- street) says that now we. are in such difficulties the people have come to their senses and day- light saving has been brought into force. She describes the many benefits of the Act, and con- cludes: "I am sure that if Mr. Willett were alive he would be very glad to know of the great service that he has rendered to his coun- try."'

Niece Essie Price, 26, Causeway-avenue (Arp- ley-street School), in one of the best letters re- ceived, says that at last England has learnt a bit of common sense! I think most people are in favour of daylight saving, and I expect they will be more so when their gas bill comes in. Niece Isabella Sankey, 99, Kimberley-street (St. Barnabas'), says that people's eyes will be stronger, because, instead of working in gas- light, they will have the beneficial daylight. Nephew Lewis Geddes, 51, Laira-street, thinks people are getting more in favour of it as they see what it means. It saves gas, and is a great thing for cyclists, motorists, bowling men, &c., and it enables people to enjoy a walk in the country in the evening, which must be good for their health.

Niece Edith Pugh, 17, Ship-street, Brecon, who although she appears to have left Manches- ter-road, retains her interest in the Corner, considers daylight saving an excellent thing, as it gives us an extra hour to be out in the fresh morning air, and—a sensible thing—enables us to save the cost of gas and electricity in the evening. It is safer now to travel at night, and the arrangement is especially convenient for shop assistants, who can now take a walk in the broad daylight when they have finished their work.

Nephew Leo Eastens, 156, Winwick-road, a new member, whom I welcome to our Corner, thinks the Act will be very inconvenient to people who are careless. Some people go to theatres and picture palaces, and it is nine o'clock when they come out. By the day it will be eight o'clock. and people will not go to bed until it is dark, and if they have to get up early they may lose several hours' sleep, and they w4ll. lose an hour when they go to work.

Nephew Harold Whittle, 123, Cartwright-street (St. Barnabas' School), thinks daylight eavisg

PgXIO[I6VIE

WIMEaf

is a very good idea. It gives the shop assistants a chance to • have some recreation, and it enables the tradespeople and the works to save gas and electric light. Niece Dorothy Wright, 68, Winwick-street " We will get so used to this time that when the clock is put back it will seem awkward. Be- fore this change took place people thought there would be some great difficulty, but there is no difficulty at all." Nephew Albert Dutton (No. 650), 13, Dudley- street, sends his love to Uncle Ned, and writes about the change made in the calendar in 1752. Albert is reminded of that by the Daylight Savings Schethe, but what I wanted was his opinion about daylight saving. Niece Annie Massey, Hope Field Cottage, Sandy-lane, Lymm, says :—" People sometimes forget the new custom and slip back to the old times, and are late for work. I think every citizen ought to economise in some way, even in saving coal, because coal is so very hard to get because the miners have been called up to fight for their King and country. I think nearly nll the p4ople would rather have the new custom instead of the old."

Niece Mabel Wright, 68, Winwick-street.—" I think we have all got into this daylight saving, as it is called. Many people said they would not be able to get into these new hours, but aow the time has come, the hours come and go, and the day seems just as long. Well, Uncle Jack, I think this is saving a few pounds in the country, because it is really saving gas and not saving daylight. I think that many people are getting an hour less sleep. While the nights are light they will not go to bed."

Niece Kathleen Smith (No. 693), 43, Mill-lane (Evelyn-street Council School).—" The farmers think it ridiculous, but, of course, we must think of the thousands of workmen who will benefit in health and strength by it. Children will also be healthier and brighter by it." Nephew Reggie Jones, 8, Dudley-street (Bea- mont School).—" Nearly everybody is going to bed without lighting the gas. It is also helping to win the war by the money saved upon making gas and munitions."' Niece Lucy Hankinson, 393, Wellfield-street (St. Barnabas').—" By this scheme the nation will save about three million pounds every year. Also the people will get up earlier and get the morning air, which is better than night air, and be healthier and not so many•doctors' bills will want paying. As it is cooler in the morning, people will work better without getting so fatigued. Travelling will be better, as there will not be as many accidents through the gas lamps not being lit, as it will be lighter." Niece Phyllis Lightfoot, 4, Dudley-street (Bea- mont School).—" I think it is the most sensible thing that ever came in England, but I don't think children go to bed any earlier at night, because I hear mothers shouting their children in when I am in bed."

' Niece Ethel Shaw, Sunnyside, 82, Chester New- road (Bolton _Council School).—" Saving gao will be a great help to everybody, as gas bills will be lower. We will also benefit because the air is fresher in the morning than later in the day." Niece Minnie Stockton; 389, Wellfield-street (Evelyn-street School).—" Farmers protest against it because they are always up before us and go to bed before us. In my opinion I think it is a very good thing, as we will save two million pounds approximately, and while the country is involved in a great war everybody needs to economise."

Niece Laura Clayton, IS; Guardian-street (Fleathside School).—" I quite agree with it, for the extra honr makes the night seem longer. The only objection I have is I can't go to bed in the daylight, then I ean't get up in the morning. But now I am getting more used to it." Niece Hilda Hassall, 36, Factory-lane, thinks daylight saving is a very sensible thing. Some day there will.be an end to our coal fields; then where will England be? Where will she get her gas and coal from?

Nephew Ernest W. Sankey, 99, Kimberley- street (St. Barnabas').—" It does not make any difference to us, as we get up and go to bed at the usual time. People can do one hour's extra outdoor work, such as gardening." Nephew Wm. Jos. Fox, 70, Fox-street (Sacred Heart School), thinks it a magnificent scheme that saves coal and gas and gives us an hour a day more daylight. It is much pleasanter, be- cause we go to bed an hour earlier and get up an hour earlier. It helps us do more work and gives the children one more hour's play. Nephew Leo Fox, 70, Fox-street (Sacred Heart School).—" I am very much in favour of day- light saving; the public will have a means of saving, coal and labour by this splehilid scheme. It has an effect on the children, because they rise in daylight and retire in daylight." Niece Gladys Cox,B,Pierpoint-street (Wycliffe). —" The Daylight Saving Bill will help the country a great deal, because we will be saving two million pounds, and that is a great deal of money. The convalescent soldiers will have an hour longer to go out into the country. The gardeners will have an hour longer to look after their gardens. Daylight saving will be a great help to everybody in England." Niece Ethel Bennett, 32, Wellfield-street (Evelyn-street School).—" If Mr. Willett had lived to see his idea carried out I am sure he would have been very pleased. We shall have longer evenings and we shall be much healthier for it."

Niece Ida Whitby, 5, Green-street (Evelyn- street School). _

Niece Emily Kenwright (No. 795), 8, Dudley- street (Beamont).

Nephew Jesse Worrell, 22, Grafton-street (Evelyn-street School), thinks the men who had this idea were very brainy men, and they deserve credit; though many people think it an absolute

===== 0002601_19160610_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I Di*

===== 0002601_19160610_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ii ti! If' iii i , '-' i• ,f• 'I • ~.- 1 , : 1

111 tit ;i4

I

• _

! .1 ;1 i i", i i !,'•1 i :I : 1 !,; : ~.i,..t, . ,!,,,

I

===== 0002601_19160610_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
1: „ '1 .t,.... .i: ,1,, -, i, _., ,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19160610_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t • ' f -

===== 0002601_19160610_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
.

Ii; %-,..i, t *".I.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
207th Year of the ct NT FIRE OFFICE ih,-3 FOUNDED 1710.

Oldest Insurance Office in the World.

Copied froze Policy dated MS.

Insurances effected on the following risks Flga D7m7;KGE. RESULTANT LOBS OF RENT AND PROFITS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY PERSONAL ACCIDENT, & WORKMEN'S SICKNESS & DISEASE, COMPENSATION, FIDELITYGUARANTEE, DOMESTIC SERVANTS, BURGLARY. PLATE GLASS,

Agents in Warrington Messrs. J. R. Pickmere and Son, Bridge Street Messrs. Woods. and Son. Commercial Chambers, 55,

. _ Horsenaarket Street. Mr. Louie Voieey.Bold Street M. R. Lowe,s, Buttermarket Street. Messrs. Spencer Wallhead & Son, 5, Egypt Street.

BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, DEATHS.

Notices of births, marriages, and deaths, in memoriam notices, and acknowledgments of sympathy are inserted in "The Examiner" at the following rates :—Not exceeding 20 words, 1/6 each; every additional seven words, 6d.

Births. GUEST.—At Lynton Grange, Padgate, on June 7, the wife of Herbert W. Guest, of a son.

Marriages.

BENNETT—SPRUCE.—On the 7th inst., at Legh- street Primitive Methodist Church, by the Rev. A. J. Chessum, Lance-Corporal F. L. Bennett, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. 0. Bennett, of Stafford- road, to Elsie, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. Spruce, of Chester-road.

Deaths.

BATE.—June Ind. at 24, Laira-street, Margaret

Bate, aged 39 years. BAXTER.—June 4th, at 41, Legh-street, James

Baxter, aged 56 years. BRACEGIRDLE.—June 6th. at 24, Leonard-street, Thomas Bracegirdle, aged 39 years. HESKETH.—June 4th, at 51, Legh-street, John Hesketh, aged 69 years. SCHOFIELD.—June Bth, at 34, Bewsey-road. Mary Schofield. aged 88 years.

--,...aw.a .r....k....—,,7,1. ..._. , ----:—..... , ........ A #-- 1 {:4 V" Ziri ih .....-1_ , ' OFfiCII V!.- -....-

===== 0002601_19160610_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
In Memoriam.

THOMAS.—In loving memory of my dear husband, Private Samuel Thomas. 4th South Lancashires, killed in action June Bth. 1915. Ever remembered by

WIFE, SON, and RELATIVES. "He giveth His beloved sleep." 116, Battersby-lane, Warrington.

VIINERALS BY J. MOUNFIELD & SONS. ..a.' The Best in all Grades. Office: 15, Church - street. Tel. 99.

Helpers Needed for Children's Camp. Voluntary helpers are needed to assist with the Warrington Children's Summer Camp—for the girls, from July 22nd to August 4th, and for the boys from sth to 18th August. Persons will- ing to assist are requested to communicate with the hon. secretary, Mr. W. IL J. Jenkins, Bank Chambers.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
NO WALKING DAY.

Last week we advocated the postponement of Walking Day because of the interruption it would, if held, entail upon the production of very necessary war material. The MAYOR called a meeting of the school superintendents last night to decide " finally" in the matter. In the meantime the Ministry of Munitions had heard of the contemplated holiday and applied a kindly but firm veto. The only thing the superintendents, therefore, had to decide was the- kind of substitute that should be found for Walking Day. The substitute will take the form of separate field treats for individual schools if the school authorities feel justified in holding them.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
A NAVY CLOSED FOR REPAIRS.

The way in which the British Government and the German Government have communi- cated the result of the great naval battle in the North Sea will, we hope, enalle neutral countries to arrive at a final judgment as to the credibility of the two nations. All the world, we think, knows upon which side Right exists; all the world, we fear, does not yet realise that Might will inevitably succumb before the onslaught of Right. The scientific lying of the Germans has befogged the for- eigners' intelligence, though Americans and others of the more enlightened type, have realised, as we have realised from the first, that Germany must eventually go down before the tremendous influences, moral and material, that are opposed to her. We have no doubt that ere long we shall have a great opportunity on land, as we have just had on sea, of showing the world that Germany is in a hopeless plight, and that her reputation rests largely upon falsity and slimness. •The sea battle has given the world a rare object lesson. On the one hand, the British Admir- alty issued a report which, if it erred at all, erred on the side of moderation. If we look at the list of our casualties, as they stand re- vealed to-day, we find them exactly what they were stated to be in the first official com- munique, which appeared in last Saturday's "Examiner." If anything, the list is more satisfactory, as several destroyers which were then missing, subsequently reported at their base. But what of our friends the enemy? They precipitately claimed a victory and gave their losses as being next to nothing. In fact, that claim was as precipitate as their flight had been when they were tackled by JELLICOE and his men. Early this week they I were forced to admit that the Elbing had to be added to their losses, and on Thursday came the startling admission not only that the battle cruiser "Lutzow and the light cruiser Rostock had been sunk, but that the authori- ties had kept this news back "for military reasons." They declared at each step that what was revealed represented, their total losses. From what we know there will be further postscripts to be added to the truth as the days go on. But we have circumstan- tial evidence, even stronger, of the fact that the Germans have found that the sea is not quite their element. The mist allowed them to escape to Wilhelmshaven, and that place has now been closed even to the German public. A victorious fleet should surely have been bedecked and thrown open to the inspec- tion of an admiring people who had at length gained their place on the Sea, as .they had already gained their place in the Sun. As a matter of fact, they have been Warned off the sea as they have been ejected from the places where the sun shone upon them. Wilhelms- haven is clearly closed for repairs. It is true the Germans clumsily claim that the fact that they have rescued some of our sailers from the scene of the battle proves that they remained in possession at the close. Against that we have the fact that the German fleet did ko home; that the British Fleet proudly rides :IP sea at leisure; that our merchant ships and those of our Allies have the freedom of the seas, while all German ships are still rot- ting in the harbours where they have been refugees since the war began. If this is "The Day," and the Germans are satisfied with it, Englishmen are not discontent.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD KITCHENER.

The death of LORD KITCHENER affected this country in much the same way, we imagine, as the death of NELSON affected :our fore- fathers. Both fell in the hour of victory, when the.nation was longing to honour them and acknowledge the debt it owed them. Both had done their work; and the nation .was robbed of the privilege -of doing in life what it will always do in death. That KITCHEN-ER will live for all time as one of the world's

I hope the Padgate workers will .see fit to enter the scheme. which is proving a success generally. Mr. George Mather has promised to use his influence. He is a weighty gentleman and should succeed.

That inhabitants of the rural area should "adopt" Lancashire prisoners of war was also suggested, and Mr. Newcombe at Bewsey Chambers, will be pleased to hear from those whom generosity inclines to lend assistance to our worthy men in this way. Warrington itself is taking a great interest in the prisoners.

At the Appeal Tribunal at Liverpool on Thursday a Warrington appellant mentioned that among other things he made coffins. "We don't want coffins nowadays," observed the Lord Mayor, probably thinking of crema- torium urns: A few minutes later his Lordship invited his colleagues to a tea urn in his parlour.

During the hearing his Lordship expressed his surprise that there is not a public abattoir in Warrington. "I thought you had every- thing in Warrington," he said. "Mr. Peacock (who was sitting next to him) thinks a great deal of the place." Our Mayor is never back- ward in putting Warrington forward. I dare- say he has already told the Lord Mayor about ,how Liverpool used to be known as "Liverpool, near Warrington."

A great deal of disappointment was caused last Saturday afternoon by the announcement that Mr. H. Pollen, the famous naval expert, would not lecture.

In the circumstances one could quite under- stand him cancelling this engagement, as his brother, Father Pollen, who is a Roman Catholic Chaplain on board a warship, had been seriously wounded, and he went to visit the hospital in- stead of coming here. It is likely, however, that Mr. Pollen will visit Warrington in the near future.

One of the Rev. G. Vale. Owen's warrior corfe- spondents reflects upon the state of Warrington now—" not many men about, which would give you some idea what it would be like to be the only man on earth."

If that correspondent could be spirited to Sankey-street some Sunday evening and see the number,of " men " who have nothing better to do with themselves in these awful times than idle about and block np the entrances to shops, he would have "some idea of what it i. like" to have a surplus of " men " of a kind.

He might also have something to say about the parents who allow the young girls and yount; women to run riot as they do—for he is evidently of a reflective .turn of mind.

"Birds, in proportion to their weight; prob- ably eat more than any other living thing." I read this in an American paper this week and, remembering the havoc the sparrows have wrought among my lettuce, the seed put down to cure bald patches in my lawn and other things too numerous to mention, as the auctioneers say in their advertisements, I have come to the conclusion that our American cousins have at length taken to speaking the truth.

VIGILANT.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

heroes is certain. Before this war began he had done service to mankind that would have placed him in the rank of great men. When the war began we instinctively turned to him and we did not turn to him in vain. He saw from the first the gigantic proportions the struggle would assume, and he set himself out to raise an army which grew to five and six millions simply by his invitation. In a dark hour he reminded us of our staying power, and we have justified his confidence. Whatever the Germans may do, KITCHENER'S work for their undoing is completed. He has organised success, and we must needs now win with his work for a foundation. We mourn his loss where we should have been de-

lighted to hail his triumph; and the debt we owe him can only be enhanced by the depriva- tion which the mischances of war have occa- sioned us.

King's Distinctions For Local Officers And Men.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSSIP.

"Touch a sailor for luck" is a favourite omen. with young ladies.

When one of our local heroes of the Jutland fight was passing along Winwick-street yester- day a young lady put the maxim into practice and touched him on the shoulder.

The sailor boy didn't even turn a hair. He -old me he was quite accustomed to it.

Last week SOO Warrington Women Liberals were presented with Government war workers' badges, and I have since learned that similar emblems of patriotic endeavour are also being worn by 120 ladies in Penketh and Sankey.

There are, however, other assiduous ladies in the rural district—notably at Padgate—who have not received the badges to which they would be entitled if they were to affiliate with the Lancashire County War Comforts' Asso- ciation, which has its offices in Peter-street, Manchester. .

That they should join was advocated ,by W. Furness and Mr. B. S. Newcombe at the monthly meeting of the Rural District Council on Wednesday, the main reason being that the production of certain species of comforts would then be systematised, and the cost of sending them would be cheapened by reason of the fact that the goods may te dispatched free of carriage.. -

===== 0002601_19160610_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THEATRES AND KINEMAS.

What Is Coming Next Week.

" Pals " has proved a considerable attraction at the Royal Court Theatre this Week. Next week we are to have a first-class revue entitled "All Eyes !" with the celebrated Fred Kitchen at the head of affairs. This is the first piece booked by the new manager, Mr. Harry War- burton, and we may be sure he will start well. He has some excellent shows on his lists and, with the support which should be given, we can rely onfhim "staying the course." Although Jack Lane has been unable to appear owing to being in a motor accident, the pro- gramme is a splendid one at the Palace an 4 Hippodrome. The singing of Misses Mabel Braine and Jessie Reeve is of a high quality; and we see great possibilities in Miss Susie Marney as a comedienne. Next week those suc- cessful pantomimists, George, Willie, West and McGinty are to top the bill with "Jerry and Co.—Builders?" The Peerless Potters are com- ing with some sensational aerial feats. Le Max, 'an Australian juggler and equilibrist, and Frank IH. Fox, a character comedian, are among the others in the programme. Splendid pictures have been shown at the Star Kinema. and during the first half of next 1 week we are to have "The Jockey of Death "7 a sensational film. The great "Bella Donna is to be presented in the second half. This is, indeed, a wonderful picture of a wonderful book. There was an enjoyable though circum- scribed edition of it presented at the Royal Court Theatre a few weeks ago, and those whose opinions were charmed by it then are sure to have them enhanced by a view of the picture. Pauline Frederick is being featured as Bella Donna, and the scenes were actually taken in Egypt. The main pictures at the Picture House this week have been "His Wife's Past" and "Man and a Woman." Those announced for next week include "A Queen's Love" and "Woman's Weakness." Both sound interesting, and should prove attractive. The first episode of "The Diamond From the sky "—the picture-story which is now running in "The Examiner "—has proved a big attrac- tion at the Grand Electric Theatre, Bridge Foot, and the Pavilion, Sankey Green. It will be continued next week, and may be anticipated by a perusal of the story in these pages. At both of these houses next week interesting pro- grammes will be submitted, that at the Grand including the famous laughter-makers, Sidney Drew and Charlie Chaplin; that at the Pavilion including "The Marl .of the Hour" and "The Prisoner of Zenda.".

===== 0002601_19160610_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRITORIALS DECORATED.

Last Friday a supplement of the "London Gazette" was published containing a list of awards to officers and men of the British Army for war services, on the occasion Of the King's birthday. The list contained some 3,880 names. Sixty-four appointments and promotions were made in the Order of the Bath, and 225 in the Order of St. Michael and St. George, while the

The following local names were in the list :

D.S.O.

Major(Temporary Lieutenant-Colonel) Harold T. Cotton, 2nd South Lancashire Regiment. Recently stationed at Orfopd Barracks. Assumed command of the battalion at the Front last autumn.

Major L. W. Herbert, South Lancashire Special Reserve.

Major W. N. Pilkington, South Lancashire Regiment (T.F.). The fifth son of the late Colonel Richard Pilkington. Has served with the regiment since mobilisation under his eldest brother, Colonel Lionel Pilkington, the officer commanding the sth South Lancashire Regiment.

number of promotions gazetted was 274. The D.S.O. was awarded to 373 officers and the Military Cross to 708 officers, including the Prince of Wales. The awards to the rank and file were 597 Distinguished Conduct -Meals and 1,217 Military Medals. In addition 514 mem- bers of the nursing services received the Royal Red Cross Decoration.

MILITARY MEDAL.

Three Territorials Receive This Honour.

Private J. Clarke, First 4th South Lancashire Regiment (T.F.). Private T. Dodd, 2nd South Lancashire Regi- ment.

Private W. Hull, 2nd South Lancashire Regi- ment.

Pr:vate J. Pickavanca, 2nd South Lancashire Regiment. Sergeant J. E. Webb, First 4th South Lanca- shire Regiment (T.F.). Sergeant T. Widd, First 4th South Lancashire Regiment (T.F.).

PRIVATE JOS. CLARKE,

whose wife and one child reside at 134, Gorsly- lane, is the son of Mr. John Clarke, 59, Slater- street, Latchford. Father and son work for Messrs. Jos. Crosfield and Sons. Private Clarke had served his four years in the Territorirds, but he immediately rejoined on the outbreak of war. His conduct, especially in the charge on June 16th last year, was praiseworthy, and was brought to the notice of the Brigade Command9r. He was mentioned in dispatches among twelve local Territorials thus honoured, and reported in "The Examiner" on New Year's Day.

SERGEANT JAMES EDWARD WEBB, who was wounded in February, and is now in a Blackpool Convalescent Camp, is 28 years of age, and the son of Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Webb, 25, Oldham-street, Latchford. He was called up with the Territorials on the outbreak of the war. He is a St. Ann's School "old boy," and an employe of Messrs. Jos. Crosfield and Sons. He was an Association football player, being captain of the Latchford F.C. At onetime he ,wfts a member of the Lymm P.C., and had also played for Altrinchani. •He went in for boxing. Two other brothers are serving in H.M. Forces. These are Sapper George Webb, Royal Engi- leers, and Driver Percy Webb, of the Army Service Corps, an officer's servant.

• .: • Atw:••• • tooo.oime . VeVe4B. 4.o.lStip: gyg.T. • •••.: • • litaffip:i:s4 • -1114.41,ft.,;...,,..2i ,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY CROSS.

Quartermaster and Hon. Captain Sidney T. Boast, South Lancashire Regiment. Captain Boast, who is 48 years-of age, is well known in Warrington for the manner in which be .keeps us informid -of tli doings of the South Lan- caShires in France, 'en the lighter side of their life, of course. _He Was stationed at Orford Barracks for thirteen years. He joined the Ist Battalion of the South Lancashire Regi- ment es a private, and served in the •South _African War with the 3rd -Battalion as a quartermaster-sergeant. • He obtained the Queen's Medal with three clasps, and also the medal for distingitished conduct in the field. He received his commission on April 22nd, 1911, and since that time has been connected with the 2nd Battalion of the regiment. He has two sons in the -Army. One of them, Corporal S. W. Boast, has been wounded. The other son joined the 3rd Battalion of the South Lanca- shire Regiment. Lieutenant (Temporarx Captain) J. Boast, South Lancashire Regiment, was stationed at Orford Barracks as instructor after his return from India in 1910. He also went through the South African War and took a creditable part in several important engagements. Be was present at the relief of Ladysmith. Temporary Second-Lieutenant J. Hornby, South Lancashire Regiment Service Battalion. Temporary Lieutenant J. B. Hoyle, South Lancashire Regiment Service Battalion. Temporary Lieutenant (Temporary Captain) Claude E. Thompson, South Lancashire Regt.

DISTINGUISHED CONDUCT MEDAL.

Staff Q.M.S. J. Whitehouse, A.S.C. Pioneer Sergeant A. G. F. Ackary, 2nd South Lancashire Regiment. _ _ _

Company-Sergeant-Major A. Alldridge, 2nd South Lancashire Regiment._ _

Sergeant W. Ness, First 4th South Lancashire Regiment (T.F., Newton Company). Company-Sergeant-Major S. Nicholson, 2nd South Lancashire Regiment. Regimental Quartermaster-Sergeant G. Red- dock, 2nd South Lancashire Regiment. Company-Sergeant-Major W. A: Rice, 2nd South Lancashire Regiment.

STAFF-SERGT. J. WHITEHOUSE, D.C.M. "For continuous devotion to duty throughout. He has on many occasions carried on the heavy work of the administrative branch office single- handed, with conspicuous ability."

For such work has Warrant Officer J. White- house, a well-known Warrington teacher, been awarded the D.C.M. His home address is 27, Fairfield-road, Stockton Heath. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Ted Whitehouse, is married, and has one child.

Enlisting in the A.S.C. on January 24th, 1915, he was with the first landing at Gallipoli, where he served throughout the campaign. After re- cuperating for a time at Suez, his division was sent .to France, from which theatre of war he obtained his first leave a few weeks ago. Staff-Sergeant-Major Whitehouse, who before enlisting was engaged as a teacher at the Bolton Council School, Latchford, was educated at Arpley-street School, and the Boteler Gram- mar School. He began his teaching career -.t Arpley-street School, and afterwards proceeded to Borough-road College, London. He has been teaching at the Bolton Council School for about five years.

.....,.........................,......,........1...,....:............i..........::........,...,..„,........,......,„::::::::::.:i.,........,......,.,,....:i.:::,:„..1.,...........:.:.1..,:,.::.:,..!,,,.........i..:i......,..1.::::,:.....;:.....;:::::.:::: - . . . .. . .-.... . .......,:..1,.....,:::::44::4:::::;:.::-..:.,..•:::::.::::::::::::_t: ':::::-...,:•••.:if..,....,........,:. ...::::if:,,.4.:::::,.-• i .. . . -,.....::::::::::,.:,...:......i.;...i*:...::::.....wit1ti.??,...40...:::::AW1':::.4-ii:1::::..• ''..:•!.*:::...... .. - ...:10kA1'itiVi.Vn.X.V.V.1.....•',.... .......:.?„1K.....,. . . -::.f.....;::,....::::::iff...;:.;;;:.:.:•..--:ViV: .-...---..:-: ; liw;:-.?..- . ........,..,:opi ...,......-.........::"-: . ........... ~...,..:'.• ..V.s>iifi: .$,-,...-• ....... -.....],.-...,....,.... '. • .:::::::::.-::::.... ~......,., . , - -Ifice-v,..4.,.,......... •• . • • . • , .. . -. ,---..,..4,;.•,..- - • .., .. • . : - . • .- ' . 0:-.""k• t. - ...,'''" • ' • .... .......,::4:A§ft , ~ • • -•- . • ....,,,,.:-......,..:,......,..,:*,..........,„ ,• . ~ ...,.......,:,f,rfiii2:::::.,.:..........miff-...,,,:-:i-.....:::,-::, •,--..:-.....: ~-.-..: -:••••.,...•...::::::,:;ft1f5:3:0::::;:.36.•:angA.,..:'...4........... • ~..-...........;.:::::,4,-,zi1.:.4",..ik:N.L..1.'444W:f;':§r4.,‘..• . ••••.:-.:- . A .....4-,,,,,,,...=:,,,:./.:..)f, - ..:. -. .. ,k..-:,-.--': -•.,...-. -:40:::.:::::.•,., ....4:•-•:. .:. - .:::-.:•:.;.*.i:::-.;::?•:.:0,-V„.1.2.4int..::::.:- ...-71Z::..ei11:4:1;.,...:4::.- ' .- ...;:-....::-............f.0.1.:.?„:Akiipiii:.,:4**3?;,....,...,..-............:V1-pr.f,FM:,.......,•;.:,...., :.-i:iW-...M..i.'5.;;;1:•::::ittg ::$0.giN"..,.ii..:441.::::,.;,..,......i...-..:-&-44:1:1,. :. - ite,..::..., .-.'<-. ::::-.ili...1:i.;::':::::::::.•M::::::.:::.%:•61411::*:.Wkil.ilt•INR:ifiktc,;,..44.4::-... 41.1.10... , ....:............‘.. .. ~............1......„,;.„4..:10.!..„....,„.1:::.,...;:mit.w. -......„...ie.. . . ....-..-..t.......::: ..,...........„.1„:„:„......;:0r..n...........int,...0..... ..:....,._ . ........-...:,.........:45.,34:0.1NwN.:,,?.14.."F-41..,-, ....._ ... : .........:,...„.....niwa110t*,.;...,.........,..,„.0..,44.x..,...

===== 0002601_19160610_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET INSPECTOR.

A Rise In Salary Pending Re- Arrangement Of Duties.

Councillor Chantler, in moving the adoption of the Markets Committee minutes at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday night, said they contained no reference to the late Mr. Place. They had had the• matter be- fore them, however, and intended to go into details as •regarded the position. Mr. Place had been a faithful servant and an upright official of the Corporation. - Councillor Dickenson 'seconded.

Councillor Wilson said he was rather sur- prised the Chairman of the Markets Commit- tee did not touch upon an item in the private agenda on this subject. The resolution passed by the Markets Com- mittee and recorded in the Private agenda stated :

, "That in anticipation of the re-arrangement of the duties of Market Inspector and Inspector of Weights and Measures, and in consideration of the extra duties imposed upon him, ,the salary of Mr. W. H. "QV allin g to n be increased by the sum of £5O per annum, as and from the let May, 1916." Councillor Wilson's Protest. .

He did not know, said Councillor Wilson, whether steps were being taken to fill up the vacant market inspectorship appointment; but he thought there had been undue haste in bringing forward this advance of £5O a year in salary. The whole country had been asked to economise and a few weeks ago they told Cor- poration employes they could not see their way to give a shilling a week rise. In these cumstances he objected to cir- so large a rise, al- though he would agree to £25. Without mean-

ing any disrespect to Mr. Wallington, he moved that this recommendation be sent back. He believed Mr. Wallington to be an honest, honourable and good official; but when they were all preaching economy he objected to this suggestion: it seemed a little behind-the-door way of doing it to put the business on the private agenda. "I am told," said Councillor Wilson, after an interruption, "that he has been doing the work for six months. Perhaps he has. If 60, the committee should have made him a grant. This is an advance that goes on for ever. Councillor Wilson had no seconder. A Mild Scene.

The Mayor said the question had been con- sidered. They were all very sorry indeed to lose Mr. Place and that his son died in the seriice of the country on the day his father was buried. On behalf of the town he had sent his sympathies to the family on their double bereavement. As regarded the other matter Mr. Wallington had done the work for ,twelve months and the amount proposed was not too much. The business was placed on the private agenda So as not to hurt the feelings of the relatives of Mr. Place, who was expected to live some considerable time. Councillor Wilson: From now henceforth I shall be no party (Cries of "Chair, chair.") I am going to say it—(" You are out of order.") It is all right, but lam going to be no party—(The Mayor's bell and cries of "Order.") You will give 5..50 to one— (" Order" and "Chair ")—and I will be no party Councillor Wilson •finished amid much inter- ruption by, the members and the Mayor's bell. He could not be heard, but he was understood to say that for the future he would be no party to the refusal of a rise in wages to the Poorer sections of the workmen employed by the Corporation.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SERGEANT TOM WIDD,

son of Mr. Thomas Widd, of the Roan Cow Inn, Bridge Foot, is one of the old Volunteers, and went out in February with the Warrington Territorials. He is ,twenty-five years of age, and has been associated with the Volunteers and Territorials for .a matter of nearly ten years". He, like his comrade-in-arms, Private Webb, re- ceived .a card of commendation for coolness and bravery in the field, and was mentioned in dis- patches on New Year's Day. He is a keen footbalil player, haying at one time been a mem- ber of a Newton-le-Willows team.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
PROMOTIONS FOR SERVICE IN THE FIELD.

Under the above heading the " Gazette " an- nounced that the King had been pleased to approve of certain rewards for distinguished ser- vice in the field; and classified with those who were "to be granted the next higher rate of pay under Article 241 of the Royal Warrant" was

Quartermaster and Hon. Lieutenant G. H Ingram, First 4th South Lancashire Regiment.

QUARTERMASTER INGRAM,

who was mentioned in dispatches in January, along with other Warrington Territorials, joined the Rifle Brigade at Aldershot in 1883, and since then he has seen service in many parts of the British Empire, including India, Egypt and South Africa. Just before the outbreak of the South African War he was transferred to the 3rd South Lancashire Regiment, joining the staff of the Ist Volunteers (as it was then) Battalion, and in 1902 he was appointed In- structor to the Mounted Infantry. He succeeded Sergeant-Major Rawlinson in 1905 as Battalion- Sergeant-Major, and in that capacity he gave such a good account of himself that he was promoted some time afterwards to the rank of Quartermaster in the place of Major A. F. G. Potter, who had resigned. •

===== 0002601_19160610_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Wives As Licensees.

At the Warrington ,County Petty Sessions on Wednesday temporary authority was granted to the wives of three licensees in the Newton Division who have joined the Forces.

Pictures for Blinded Heroes' Fund.

At the Star Kinema, Church-street, to-morrow (Sunday) evening, the good work done at the Palace and Hippodrome will be continued in aid of the Blinded Heroes' Fund, 'a splendid pro- gramme of pictures and music having been arranged.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Infectious Disease.

_ Last week the following new cases of infec- tious disease were notified in Warrington : Scarlet fever, 5; diphtheria, 1; tuberculous phthisis, 5; measles, 11; puerperal fever, 1; erysipelas, 2; ophthalmia, 1. There remained in the hospital :—Scarlet fever patients, 37; enteric fever, 1; diphtheria, 5; phthisis, 23; other diseases, 1; total, 67.. Births More Than Double The Deaths. During the week ended June 3rd there were in Warrington 41 birtbs and 19 deaths. In the corresponding week last year the births were 39 and the deaths 25. .

The deaths resulted from the following causes :—Pneumonia, 3; measles, phthisis, can- cer and heart disease, 2 each; whooping cough, influenza, premature birth, 1 each; all other causes, 5.

Wood's College Successes. The following students were successful in obtaining Pitman's Speed Certificate at their respective rates as the result of a ,recent exam- ination :-90 words per minute, Elsie Charnock, Ivy F. Owen, Edith Owen, Annie Mylott. 80 words per minute, G. Powell, E. Broady, K. Eddowes, Ethel Hardcastle, Marian L. Sme- thurst. 70 words per minute, Lucie I. ,Hamil- ton Smith, Janie Dodd. ,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Tar for Chester Road.

At a meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Committee, held last month, the Borough Sur- veyor on reporting that the Taroads Syndicate would shortly be spraying the Chester-road, in the County of Chester, was instructed -to make arrangements with the Syndicate for the tar- spraying of the portion of Chester-road within the Borough .which has recently been re- metalled.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillors in Attendance.

At the usual monthly meeting of the Town Council, held on Tuesday, there were present: The Mayor. (Alderman Peter Peacock), the Deputy Mayor (Dr. Joseph), Aldermen Jas. Evans, J. Smethurst and D. Tinnion; Coun- cillors J. T. Locker, 3. T. Barton, J. Chrimes, E. Cunnington, S. Gough, W. H. J. Jenkins,,P. Lindley, , James Skelland, I. Wilkinson, H. Roberts, Jas. Dickenson, Geo. Dale,. W. J. Wilson and R. Henshall; with Mr. A. T. Holloway (Deputy Town Clerk).

===== 0002601_19160610_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Music in the Park.

The Salvation Army Band, conducted by Bandmaster J. Lee, will render the following programme in the Park to-morrow (Sunday) : Anthem, "The Lord is My Shepherd" (Hawkes) ; selection, " Hosanna " (Hawkes) ; march, "The Flint" (Broughton) ; selection, "Welsh Melo- dies" (Hill) ; selection, "The Cleansing Cur- rent" (Goldsmith); march, " The Nunhead (Hall); selection, "The Homeland" (Gold- smith) ; selection, "The Gospel Messages" (Goldsmith) ; National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
VERDUN WHITSUNTIDE.

Crisis In The Grim Struggle Vhere All Must Help. Dr. Macnamara, speaking at Birmingham, pointed out that the German working man is doing double time, therefore it is only fair to the British fighting man that his civilian supporters should do their share. This Whitsuntide every stroke of work done is helping the French to hold their line and ours. Shortage of munitions on sea or land might mean disaster, so that it is a grim struggle in which every civilian as well as every soldier should bear his part. At Pentecost the tongues of flame descended on the Apostles, as to-day fiery inspiration comes to every man and woman to do their best. It is a tremendous opportunity, and every future Whitsuntide the workers will be able to look back with pride on the tireless energy of the Verdun Whit-week. And they can help still more by investing their unspent money in War Savings Certificates, and so paying for the war. The Mayor announced at the Council meet- ing on Tuesday night that in response to a request from the tradesmen's representatives, he wished publicly to state that Whit Monday would not be a holiday of any kind. All shops and business premises ought to be open as usual. No opening of shops would be permitted on Thursday afternoon of this week, even if a tradesman wished to close on Whit Monday.

Whist Drive Postponed. The whist drive in aid of the Thelwall Heys Hospital, arranged to take place on Whit Mon- day, has been postponed until next Saturday at 3.30 p.m.

Citizens' Temperance League. An open-air meeting in connection with the Citizens' Temperance League will be held oa Friday evening, in Bewsey-street. Mr. 3.- Griffiths will preside, and the speaker will be the Rev. T. T. James, president of the League.

Thelwall Heys Patients. The following patients were admitted into the Thelwall Heys Convalescent Hospital on Thurs- day :—Private A. Ward, 21st Manchesters; Private R. Wyatt, Anti-Aircraft Battalioa; Rifleman H. Davies, Rifle Brigade; Lance - Corporal W. Kerrigan, 3rd King's (Liverpool) Regiment; Lance-Corporal G. Preston, South City of London Yeomanry (Rough Riders); Private W. Longhurst, South Middlesex Regi- ment; Rifleman A. Sherwin, K.R.R.• Driver 11- Aspinall, R.F.A.; Lance-Corporal W. A. Had- dock, R.E.; Drummer F. Thomson, R.G.A. Coffee Unadulterated.

The Deputy Mayor (Dr. Joseph) in seconding the adoption of the minutes of the Health Com- mittee at the Town Council meeting on Tues- day, referred to the annual report of the Public Analyst for the year ended December 31st. There was one point, he said, in that report upofl which he looked with a great deal of satisfac- tion. A year or two ago he alluded to the fact that there was a good deal of adulteration of coffee with chicory in Warrington. In some cases it was 51 per cent.; but in the present report adulteration was altogether absent. He thought people should be encouraged when they deserved it as well as reproached, and he had pleasure in making this acknowledgment in respect of the past year. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19160610_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Rev. E. J. Gawne at Warrington.

The Vey. E. J. Gawne, of Liverpool, and s• former minister of the Warrington Circuit, was the special preacher at the Bold-street Wes- leyan School anniversary services held on Sun- day. The services were in every way a success, the collections amounting to £4O 15s. 10d. •

Both morning and evening the Rev. E. J. Gawne had a thoughtful and encouraging word for the children. A flower service was held in the afternoon, over which Mr. John Griffiths presided. Councillor Robert Henshall delivered an interesting address to the children on "Wisdom," whilst a letter was read from Mr. Gerard Doncaster (one of the Sunday School scholars), who is serving with the Forces. The writer expressed his best wishes for a happY and successful anniversary. The teachers and scholars walked in procession during the sing- ing of a hymn, carrying flowers, which were afterwards arranged in front of the pulpit. The scholars and choir rendered special music throughout the day, the soloists being Miss B. Taylor and Miss Muriel Mills.

Reception to Rev. F. L. and Mrs. Grosvenor.

A large and representative gathering of the congregation welcomed the Rev. F. L. Grosvenor and his wife in Emmanuel Church Institute on Thursday evening. The Free Church Council voiced its greetings in the person of the Rev. A. Chessum, who welcomed Mr. Grosvenor to the work "in a town of much difficulty." The greetings of Elmwood Avenue Congregational Church and Wycliffe Church were conveyed in a happy manner bY the Rev. C. P. Pitt.

Letters of regret for non-attendance were re- ceived from Mr. Cole, of Lymm, and Mr. IL Gandy, of Earlestown.

The musical part of the programme was very ably sustained by members of the choir, while Mr. Alfred Dutton, of Lovely-lane, entertained the audience by a character sketch, "Lasca, of Texas and the Rio Grande," and upon being, recalled he gave a very fine impersonation of Uriah neap. Later in the evening he gave an- other character sketch, "0 memory," and, in response to successive recalls, "Ef you like" and "The Student."

During the refreshment period Mr. and Mrs. Grosvenor met the various members of the congregation, to whom the reverend gentleman afterwards expressed his thanks and the earn- est hope that the work of the Church would be built up on the sure Rock of Christ, and strengthened by a prayer-circle. A happy and successful evening closed with votes of thanks to the workers, followed by the singing of the Doxology and the National Anthem. The reverend gentleman preached his first sermon at Emmanuel Church last Sunday.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NO WALKING DAY.

Mayor Receives Letter From Ministry Of Munitions.

SCHOOLS MAY MAKE OWN Prudential Sectional Superintendent Joins Up. ARRANGEMENTS. An interesting meeting took place in connec- tion with the calling up of the later Derby There is to be no official Walking Day this groups on Wednesday evening at Atkinson's year, but each Sunday school is requested to n Cafe, Bridge-street, whither Mr. Main, the make arrangements for a treat for its ow sectional superintendent of the Prudential scholars on any suitable day. - Assurance Co., invited his staff to a farewell This decision was arrived at by a represen tative gathering of Sunday school represents- supper, prior to reporting for military service fives at the Town Hall last night, the Mayor on Tuesday next. Mr. Brocklehurst, the die- fives Peter Peacock) having stated that trict superintendent, complimented and coin- (Alderman had received the following letter from the mended him in suitable terms, referring at : length to his very satisfactory progress in the Secretary to the Ministry of Munitions company's service. The staff took advantage "I am directed by the Minister of Munitioss of the occasion by presenting him with a valu- to state that he understands that it is customs'', s able pipe, tobacco and cigarettes, as an expres- in Warrington for an annual school children' sion of their esteem and respect. Suitable holiday and procession to -be held on the last remarks were made in reference to their ap- Friday in June. In view of the Prime Minister's the\ predation of his kindness, consideration and statement in the House of Commons on subject ability in the supervision of the section, Mr.ubject of the postponement of all general hol S. Whitehouse concluding with some well-chosen days until after July and, in particular, the remarks wishing 'him God-speed and a safe statement that in order to give complete effect return in the near future to the duties he was to the suspension of holidays in munitions laying down for the call of King and country. establishments and shipyards, it is desirable that the suspension should, be as general as possible; Mission Belgians Leave Their Refuge. I am' directed to inquire whether the loci° authorities of Warrington would not be pr Three Belgian ladies and two children, who unol have 'for twelve months been the guests of the pared to postpone the holiday referred to Working Men's Mission, were entertained to .after July." tea and given a public send-off at Thewlis- The Mayor added that at the present moment street School on Monday evening. They have nothing should be allowed to interfere with those left to go to some friends at Havre. Aftea tea industries, which, with God's help, would bring speeches were made, these being interspersed us to victory very shortly, but he hoped each with songs by Misses Hilda Winstanley and Sunday school would make its own arrange Eva Tanner. Short addresses were delivered ments so that the children should not 1,0 by the President (Mr. Thomas Dale), the debarred from having a treat . Mayor (Alderman Peter Peacock), Mr. and Mrs. Resolutions abandoning the official Walking C. E. Parker, Mrs. Henry Roberts and Coun- Day and adopting the Mayor's suggestion 'Were cillor George Dale; and the grateful Belgians carried unanimously. replied through a letter received from the Bel- The Rector (Canon Willis) intirdated that el gian Consul in Liverpool, Mr. 'A. Tilling the Thursday Church of England Sunday sche°,' secretary to the Mission) reading the message. representatives decided to take no part in anl The party left for the Continent on Wednes- official Walking Day this year. day, the officials of the Mission, including the Ladies' Committee, being at the station to wish them "au revoir." During the social on Monday a photograph of the refugees and the subscribers to the Belgian Fund was taken, and this will be framed and dispatched to Havre at a later date.

HOW THE MEETING CAME' TO

BE HELD.

The Mayor referred at the Council mestiq on Tuesday to the question of the holding °' Walking Day. I have had some letters sent to me, he saidi at which I am rather surprised, stating t,1114,t the Churches do not quite understand viwi, action to take with regard to June 30th, 1104 withstanding the fact that I have made per. inquiries from most of the large firms in vv rington, who stated that they would be closinr: on the Friday and Saturday; but, in defereq: to the Sunday schools, and in. view of tme letters I have received this morning from s°lll of the Churches, I consider it advisable to cant a meeting of Sunday school superintendent° k. the Town Hall on Friday evening this vie° f In the meantime I will see that the ivbole ° the firms at.e approached, so that on Saturds4 the public will know exactly what to dn. TAt„if not the Mayor's Walking Day, it is the Sunral school treat. But there has been a great ufetie of cross-talk about it, and we shall finally it on on Friday night.

Citizens' Temperance League. The annual meeting of the Warrington and District Citizens' Temperance League was recently held, the Rev. T. T. James presiding. The treasurer's report was presented by Mr. F. Gandy. Mr. B. T. Parkes gave the secretary's report, which told of the work of the past year, which was very encouraging. Pledges had been signed at all the open-air meetings of 1915. They had also taken part in collecting evidence for the inquiry held at Manchester by the Control Board, after which the town and district were declared part of the area controlled under the Defence of the Realm Act, and the hours of sale of intoxicants restricted. It was decided to for- ward a letter of appreciation of their efforts to the Control Board. The following were elected officers for 1916: President, the Rev. T. T. James; vice-presi- dents, Messrs. J. G. Withinshaw, J. Griffiths, T. Dale and W. J. Walker; treasurer, Mr. F. Gandy; secretary, Mr. B. T. Parkes; assistant, Mr. J. Simpson. , An open-air committee was appointed to arrange another campaign. They have since met and have decided to commence on Friday, June 16th, at Bewsey-street.

Brainy Air. Ith 01 "To teachers and business ladies. flea holiday in North Wales; brainy air."--tri.°— cial Paper. o "Think what it has done for Lloyd George' —"Punch!' , , , •

===== 0002601_19160610_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HEROES WHO NI ED G I RMANY'S SEA AMBITIONS.

ONE OF BEATTY'S MEN.

Home For His Sister's Wedding

To-day.

TORPEDO MAN ON WARSPITE.

One of Beatty's men touched the knocker at hie home, 27, Farrell-street, Warrington, 'about 7 o'clock on Thursday morning, and a young lardy got out of bed in a hurry to see whether the postgirl had brought a letter from the sea. It was not a letter packet, but a blue jacket

ABLE SEAMAN LIVESEY.

—her young brother, Able Seaman Frank Live-

Bey (20), of H.M.S. Warspite, which did valiant work in the great battle, either sinking or damaging no fewer than three of her opponents —and there was all the ecstatic excitement of a surprise meeting. When an "Examiner" interviewer called Yesterday he had just returned from a tour of the workshops of Messrs. R. A. Naylor, Ltd., Where he had been "lionised " by his former workmates.

Ile was as cheerful as the rest of our sailors. " We scattered them all right," he said, refer- ring to the German ships, "although it took some hard work to keep our end up while we had inferior numbers. The Warspite was one of the first to go at the Germans, and our gun- ners gave of their best. We hadn't been long on the scene before the Indefat.' (Livesey con- tracted the name of the Indefatigable, but he Spoke with affection) went down. That was a set-back, and we ourselves were hit with several shells:—the officers say we were the target of five ships--but we kept going and can vow that we either sank or seriously damaged three of their biggest boats. The noise of battle was terrific— One continuous thunder, the ship fairly shaking with her own discharges and when she was hit. But every one of us had nerved himself to the task. When told we were about to engage the eneraY we went about our duties as if it were an ordinary battle .practice, excepting that we felt 721C)re eager. There was no fear. The officers were calm and calculating; the men quick to .aotion. None of us ever gave a thought that we might be blown up. Being busy and having Your blood up takes your mind off that kind of thing., It is only when the excitement is over and you see what narrow shaves you had that you think of that.

- -

son who, in reply, wrote, "My Dear Ma,—' was greatly shocked to receive your telegram and exceedingly sorry to think that I am unable to go to you, as you are worthy of all the comfort which your sons and daughters can give you at such a terrible time. May God give you health and strength to bear the trial which is upon you. .. . It is, however, impossible by reasqn of distance and pressure of work, due at the end of the month, for me to be with you at the funeral."

Soon after writing that letter Mr. Place's ship steamed out to battle, and he was one of the victims of shell fire. That his death should follow so soon after that of his father is a fact which will gain the deepest sympathy for those of the family who are left: There is also the additional sad recollection that it was only in January last that a sister passed away. Mr. Place was 41 years of age, and had held the high position of Fleet Paymaster for three or four years. As a boy he showed promise of the success he achieved in his manhood, for while at Wycliffe School he won a scholarship for the Grammar School for three years, display- ing such ability that, through the influence of the Earl of Latham, the award was extended a year.

GUNNER JOHN BIRKS. Lost on H.M.S. Indefatigable.

the Navy when 16 years of age. He had been previously employed at the local gas works.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FIGHT WITH A SUBMARINE.

"For the most part I was down below in a submerged torpedo discharger, but from this position we were unable to \ act against the enemy for an unfortunate reason, the range tower above us being blown away just as we were about to fire a succession of torpedoes. When that happened we weren't half vexed, but we found other useful work elsewhere. "On our way back to port a German sub- raarine rose to the surface within a few yards of us. It was noticed at once. I was on the liPper deck at the time and saw it fire two tnrpedoes right across our stern. It was too close for us to depress our six-inch guns on to it, so from a top turret we fired a three- Pounder at the periscope and it disappeared. Whether it sank or not We do not know for certain, but we saw plenty of fuel rise to the surface, and, if you are an optimist, you may conclude something bad had happened to it. From then home, at any rate, we were troubled no more. It is an interesting coincidence that Frank Livesey's "leave" will enable him to attend the wedding of his sister, Ada, this afternoon at Bold-street Wesleyan Church.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER WARSPITE HERO.

Another Warrington man on the Warspite was Able Seaman William Bibby, who resides With his parents at 34, Haydock-street. He came home on leave with Seaman Livesey.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAMAN PILLING'S STORY.

Eye Witness 01 The Damage Done To

The Enemy.

Certainly the men of the navy who dealt with the German fleet last week stand in no doubt as to the real result of the conflict.

One of our reporters was reminded very forcibly of the truth of this statement when in conversation with one of our local naval heroes, Seaman Robert Pilling, of 49, Laira-street, who is enjoying a few days' leave. He is one of the crew of the vessel on which Paymaster Place met his death, which played an important part 411 the titanic struggle. He was very emphatic an his declaration that the German Navy had auffered such a blow that its power as a fighting -force has been considerably weakened.

Pilling had the mortification of seeing Pay- master Place killed. At the time the officer was 'engaged in conversation with the Chaplain, When he was struck in the back and killed in- stantly. The Chaplain was also hit on the head, tind he succumbed to his injuries shortly after- wards. Seaman Pilling spoke of the high regard and esteem the men on the ship held for the deceased Paymaster. In his own words, he Was °he of the "most popular officers aboard." Though the name of this ship does not appear in the official returns of the North Sea battle she, according to the story of Seaman Pilling, did her "bit." They had been in action about 'three hours when the German High Sea Fleet Put in an appearance. .It was a particularly hot time, and the ship was struck with shells both fore and aft. Our gunners were by n..) leans idle, and they claim to have sunk in all ten boats. He was quite emphatic about the Sinking of the Derflinger and also the damage done to the famous Hindenburg. Whatever doubt Other naval men had about the presence of a FaPpelin he had none. His eyes did not deceive It was hit by one of the other ships and appeared to descend into the sea. He would not RO so far as to say it was sunk. It might have °llly been temporarily damaged, but the gunners certainly registered a hit. When our Grand Fleet came on. the scene the *oelny sent a flotilla of destroyers across their own line and they emitted clouds of smoke, which assisted their fleet in their scamper homewards. litis ship joined in the chase even so far as their 2,wri minefields. Afterwards, for several hours, cY scoured the seas, but failed to find any "race of the enemy or disabled ships. t., Before 'joining the Navy in May of last year, „Taman Pilling was employed at the works of Whitecross Company, and previous to that _Traii engaged at the hairdresser's shop of Mr. red Shaw, Whivrick•etzeet--

===== 0002601_19160610_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEATH OF LORD KITCHENER,

WARRINGTON'S SORROW.

Expressed At The Meeting Of The

Town Council.

His Worship the Mayor (Alderman Peter Peacock) at the opening of the Town Council on Tuesday night, said: We are meeting this evening under the shadow of a great national disaster in the death of our honoured Lord Kitchener. I don't think that any words of mine would be sufficient to express our real sorrow at such a national loss as this; no words from anyone could express how sincerely we feel and how the nation must miss such a great and honoured soldier. I will, in the name of War- rington, send to the proper quarter a message expressing our sorrow. I ask you, ,with these few words, to rise and silently honour one of the greatest Englishmen who ever, lived. The members of the Council stood and passed the resolution in silence.

• Flags were raised at half mast on all the public and semi-public buildings of the town, and at most of the schools.

"Hear, hears" were general at the Trades and Labour Council on Tuesday night, when the Chairman (Mr. E. Plinston) referred to the death of Lord Kitchener, and remarked that they would all agree that his Lordship had ren- dered faithful service to his country, and what- ever their opinions on the war might be, his tragic death was greatly deplored.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO MEMORIAL SERVICES.

Although, no doubt, there will be pulpit re- ferences at all places of worship to the lament- able death of Lord Kitchener, only two special memorial services are announced—at St Paul's Church and Cairo-street Chapel in the morn- ing at 10.30. At the former church the collec- tions will be devoted to the Blinded Soldiers' Fund.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. GILBERT HARDING.

Gets A Commission And An Army Chaplaincy.

We are sure that the many friends of Mr. Harding in Trinity congregation will wish to offer to him their warmest congratulations on his well-deserved promotion. Joining the R.A.lai.C. as a private a little over twelve months ago, he was quickly made sergeant, and has now been offered a commission and appointed like- wise an army chaplain. Knowing as we do how efficiently his clerical duties have always been discharged when helping the Vicar with the ser- vices, it is very gratifying that his merits have been recognised in this way.—" Holy Trinity Magazine."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRITORIALS AT BOWLS.

An interesting bowling match has been played at Armoured Train (of which a party of South Lancashire Territorials form the escort) and a Norfolk (Cyclist) battalion. The " train " team was reinforced, by several members of the R.N.A.S. (Anti-aircraft Section). The Lanca- shire boys were handicapped by playing on a " flat " green, and also by the methods adopted in Norfolk of playing in seta of three men, each set to play each one of its opponents' sets in games of seven up. Despite these disadvantages, the Lancashire lads won by nine sets to seven, and on points by 86 to 74. The Vicar of the parish placed his green at the disposal of the contestants, and also entertained the teams to a very substantial tea. It ia hoped that other matches will be arranged during the summer.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLDIERS' FANCY WARE.

Interesting Exhibition And Sale At

Raddon Court.

The special .feature of Pound Day, held at Raddon Court on Thursday, was the wonderful dis- play of work for exhibition and sale,done by the patients. Generously working for their hospital and stimulated by the competition for prizes, the workers had produced artistic and useful articles, which were greatly admired by alt. Dainty embroideries of all description testified to the artistic taste of our soldiers, whilst use- ful door mats, knitted jerseys, gloves, &c., were also on view, and every one was asked to make a beautiful or useful purchase. • ,Perhaps special mention should be made of the delicate and elaborate embroidery of Private Edwards, East Surrey Regiment; the original patriotic designs beautifully carried out by r Private McLeod, King's (Liverpool) Regiment; the exquisitely finished embroidery of Private Lovell, of the Middlesex Regiment; and the paintings sand drawings of Sergeant Smalley, of the Seaforth Highlanders. The wort, was judged by Mrs. Segal- Owen and Mrs. Fox, and at their special request Mrs. Broadbent presented the prizes. Mrs. Fox proposed and Mrs. Segar Owen seconded a vote of thanks to Mrs. Broadbent, remarking that her home had become the happy centre of Red Cross work in this district.

A vote of thanks was also passed to the two ladies who had so kindly acted as judges, and to the artistes who had given a very attractive concert. These were Mrs. McNaught, Miss Longdin, Miss M. Reynolds and Miss Grocott, _ _ _ _

Privates McLeod Eind Wilson were awarded equal numbers of votes by the inmates of the hospital for the best work in the exhibition.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
TRIBUNAL CASES FROM STOCKTON HEATH.

Mr. C. E. Linaker, sen., presided at a meeting of the Runcorn Rural Tribunal at the Work- house, Dutton, yesterday. 30,000 Tons of Timber.

Mr. H. N. Linaker, solicitor, represented an employer who asked for exemption of a Stock- ton Heath timber feller. The employer, Mr. Linaker said, had several very large contracts for timber, including one of 30,000 tons. The man had had experience of timber felling in Canada. He was formerly a builder in War- rington. The production of home-grown timber had increased a hundredfold since the war started.

Exempted until the Ist July. A Substitute Wanted.-

Another head of a business, a Stockton Heath fish and fruit dealer, was exempted until the Ist September, and was advised to get somebody to take his place.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir G. Greenell's Gamekeeper.

Sir Gilbert Greenall's gamekeeper, a Preston Brook man, appealed on personal grounds, and was exempted until the Ist August. Licensed Victualler Exempted. A Stockton Heath licensed victualler was granted conditional exemption. He promised to join the local Volunteer Training Corps. Sir Gilbert's Carpenters. A member of the Tribunal observed that Sir Gilbert Greenall was very fortunate to have three carpenters. The Tribunal refused to allow the appeal of a joiner's labourer em- ployed by Sir Gilbert.

II

, .1

1 ',(: ri-=,: , 'Z, '

t:i

,

I,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Sub-Postmaster To Go.

The appeal of a grocer, draper and sub-post^ master from Grappenhall was disallowed.

Sun Insurance Office.

The annual report of the directors of the above office shows the following figures:— Capital paid-up, £480,000; Fire Fund, £2,083,198 ss. 3d.; Accident Fund, £8,415 15s. id.; ployers' Liability Fund, £146,821 9s. 11d.; Burglary and General Fund, £25,820 89. Bd.; Dividend Reserve, £150,000; War Contingency Fund, £20,000; Investment Suspense Fund, £7.5,000; Pension Fund, £64,977 6s. 2d.; balance at credit of Profit and Loss Account, after payment of dividend (78. per share last January and a further 7s. per share on July sth, absorb- ing £145,600), £335,271 14s. Bd.; total, 0,389,504 198. 9d; - - • -

q;.•

•

I

===== 0002601_19160610_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

ummAltwog

===== 0002601_19160610_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Won Four Medals.

On leaving school he entered an examination for the naval service, and came out second in the list, with the result that he was appointed assistant clerk on X.M.S. Victoria, a boat which was rammed while .in • the Mediterranean, most of the crew perishing. Fortunately, Mr. Place was in hospital at Malta at the time. The gentleman who took his place on the ship was drowned. In his career, Mr. Place served on many ships, including the Camperdown, Immortality and Monarch, and was the proud possessor of four medals, one being for his, services in the Persian Gulf, and another for his work during the South African War. He was in two naval actions pre_ vious to the one in which he lost his life.

The photograph we publish was taken when staying in Gibraltar a few years ago. His widow was standing by his side at the time. He himself was an expert photographer, and many of the official photographs of men of war at sea were taken by him. Fleet Paymaster Place leaves a widow and a boy aged 10 years. They are at present at Honiton, Devonshire, the home of her father, Mr. J. E. Rattenbury, who, previous to his re- tirement, held a high post in Sheerness Dock- yard.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SIGNALMAN R. DIXON.

On The Defence ; One Of Six

Patriotic Brothers.

Leading Signalman Robert Dixon, who was serving on H.M.S. Defence, comes of a very patriotic family, from Ulverston, near Barrow, for all his brothers—Ave in number—are serving in the Forces. Their sister, Mrs. Hodgson, lives at 6, Florence-street, Latchford. The eldest of the brothers, John Mullen/ion Dixon, who is 39 years of age, and married, joined the South African Mounted Police 12 years ago, and is now serving under General Smuts.

Richard Dixon, who is 32 years of age and married, was working in Glasgow when war

LEADING SIGNALMAN R. DIXON. Lost on H.M.S. Defence.

broke out, and he enlisted in the Highland Light Infantry. _

Leading Signalman Robert Dixon, is 28 years of age, and has served in the same capacity on H.M.S. Thesis. He witnessed the sinking of H.M.S. Hawke in the North Sea on October 16th last. He has served nearly twelve years in the Navy. Isador Dixon, who is 27 years of age and married, has been in Canada eight years, and belongs to Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry. • Willie Dixon is a member of the Royal Field Artillery. He is 26 years of age, and was called up as a Reservist in South Africa on the 22nd July last. He is attached to the 104th Battery at the Front.

. Fred Dixon, the youngest brother, 21 years of age, joined the Gordon Highlanders immediately upon the outbreak of war. A few months ago ,he was discharged from a Manchester hospital, where he had been undergoing treatment for frost-bitten hands and. feet.

I -

SERGEANT OF MARINES WOOLLACOTT.

Lost on H.M'.S. Queen Mary.

a few years, by which time he had become a Sergeant. Returning to civil life, he entered the Borough Police Force, and here made 'rapid progress, his capacity. soon gaining for him the confidence of his superiors and comrades in the Force, and especially in the detective depart- ment, where he specialised. For a long time he also acted as Coroner's officer, and when he re- entered the Navy at the outbreak of war his place was taken by Detective-Sergeant Sumner. Mr. Woollacott had been in the Force about twelve years when the war began, and, though not a Reservist, considered it his duty to re- embark on a man of war, and was attached to the Queen Mary in which, it is feared, he eventually perished. Sergeant Woollacott had some interesting and exciting experiences when fulhlling his first term as a Royal Marine, one of which was during his four years spent off the Chinese coast. From his boyhood a keen and able swimmer—he has won several valuable prizes for his prowess—he was bathing when a shark came subtly along and was within an ace of taking him in its deadly grip when he was rescued.

Married Two Sisters.

Sergeant Woollacott married two sisters. His first wife was Miss Mabel Jane Phillips, of Gillingham, Kent, and some time after her de- cease seven years ago, he married her younger sister, Miss Florence Louisa Phillips. It is a interesting fact that his first wife, though always in the best of health until within a few days of her death, not seldom expressed the hone that if she died he would take her sister to the altar.

For several months Mrs. Woollacott and her two sons have been staying at the port where the Queen Mary usually berthed. Their home in Warrington is in Amelia-street. Previously, Sergeant Woollacott resided in Marbury-street. If Sergeant Woollacott is not a survivor, sym- pathy with his family will be of the deepest, for, during the last six months, his eldest brother and father have passed away. His sister, Miss Eva Woollacott, is a teacher at Silver-street School.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RAZORS AND LITERATURE.

'..•

===== 0002601_19160610_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Needs That Are Keenly Felt By Our

Troops.

The Master Cutler of -Sheffield is collecting spare razors for the use of our troops at the Front. The razors contributed are put in good order and sent forward in lots of 1,000. Already over 160,000 have been collected, and over 135,000 of these have been forwarded to the troops, by whom they are much afpreciated ; the number is, however, still insufficient', and the Master Cutler appeals for further supplies. The condition of the razors does not signify so long as there is a blade which can be reground. Mr. H. Chambers, postmaster, Warrington, will be pleased to forward to the proper quarter any razors which may be delivered to him at the Post Office for the purpose. Books, magazines and literature may also be handed over the counter at the Post Office, and they will be forwarded to the proper quarters. Since last July, by the generosity of the public, the Post Office has maintained an average supply of about 1,000 bags containing books and magazines per week, but the numbers have recently fallen to 800 per week, though our Army has greatly increased. This literature has been greatly appreciated by the recipients, who keeprwriting their -thanks and asking for. more.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19160610_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

IFISEtt,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPTAIN EGERTON FAIRCLOUGII.

Promoted Temporary Major.

Captain Egerton Fairclough, of the Warring- ton Territorials, youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. John Fairclough, The Grange, Latchford, has been " Gazetted " Temporary Major, dated April 29th. Major Fairclough was in the Terri- torials, and when he volunteered for active service was acting as secretary for Messrs. Charles Moore and Son, of the Heatley Salt Works, /le was wounded in the memorable , happily, comparatively scaled the parapet of the chargetrench slghslightly, y justoa rstt a the eus purpose obite of leading his company in the charge. -

FIRST-CLASS STOKER J. O'ROURKE. Wounded on H.M.S. .

lot, which occurred 0n Wednesday evening. 1 was just going to have my tea when they sent me to action stations.' We had been in action about five minutes when a 12in: shell burst quite close to me, killing seven and injuring about ten. We were fighting until 11 o'clock at night, and we then had to retire to let the battle fleet finish it off. I am unable to use my hands as they were charred black in the explosion. The left side of my face is also burned, but not so badly as my hands. I have a dozen pieces of German shell which exploded near me. A Liverpool ship's steward, has obliged by writing this letter for me."

The letter was written from the Hospital Ship Plassy on Sunday. Stoker O'Rourke, who is 19 years of age, has been in the Navy for about 14 months, being previously employed in the caustic department of Messrs. Jos. Crosfield's works. He was educated at ilamilton-street School, and wor- shipped at St. George's Mission Sunday School.

employed at Whyman's Foundry before join- ing the Navy, and was educated at St. Ann's School.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
NAVAL RESERVE , RECRUITING.

Attractions Of The Fleet Explained

At Theatres.

Recruiting for the very attractive branch of His Majesty's Forces, the Royal Naval Volun- teer Reserve, is still proceed:-ig. Men aged 18 to 28 years, of superior education and physique, may be accepted for training as signallers, and in addition recruiting for ordinary service has again been re-opened for men 18 to 38 years of age. Special advantages are offered. Sub-Lieutenant Mapson, of the R.N.V.R., from the Depot at Crystal Palace, will be in Warrington on Monday and Tuesday next, the 12th and 13th June, and he hopes to speak at the various places of entertainment. On Monday evening he will, by the courtesy of the man- agers, visit thse Royal Court Theatre and the Hippodrome (both performances), and on the following night will speak at some of the Pic- ture Houses in the town.

The honorary recruiting officer for this dis- trict is Dr. G. W. N. Joseph, Health Depart- ment, Sankey-street, Warrington, where full particulars may be obtained.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MIDST OF THE BATTLE.

Our Men Hope To Resume Before Another Two Years.

Writing to a friend in Warrington, Seaman J. Thynne, who was on one of the big Dread- noughts attached to the Grand Fleet, states that the spirit of the crew as they went into action was something to be admired. There was wild cheering when they let rip the first salvo. When the enemy knew they were up against the Grand Fleet they took advantage of the mist and ran for home as fast as steam would allow them. In the midst of battle our men showed the greatest courage and did ,not even seem to think of what might happen if a German shell found its mark in the magazine. Well, the first meeting is over and they were all hoping it would not be two years before they- met them again. Next time they hoped that Grand Admiral " Fog " would keep his nose out of it.

Seaman Thynne, before joining the Navy a few years ago, was employed at Messrs. Pear- son and Knowles as a labourer, and formerly was an "Echo" newsboy. He is a member of the ship's Rugby football team, playing wing threequarter. In a. recent match against a sister ship he scored the winning try, which secured he championship for his sde.

WARRINGTON ROLL OF HONOUR.

• _

===== 0002601_19160610_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Mayor Asks For Help Of Relatives And

Friends.

A roll of honour containing the names of Warrington men who have fallen in the war has been prepared and Will be brought up to date from time to time as occasion demands.

The Mayor, speaking at the Town Council on Tuesday night, invited the townspeople to send particulars of casualties to the Town Clerk at the Town Hall, so that at the end of the war the town may be in possession of a complete record of the local men who have died for their . , , . country.

•.; • "'"'"

===== 0002601_19160610_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
I

. tll, 11"

f:Jl' '.. tr it;'' s' •:1' -,...:„...:,-,, ~-:,..„ z,,i''. .-,..,.,,fii

===== 0002601_19160610_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
POULTRY FOR PROFIT.

KILLI

All birds should be starved for twenty-four hours before killing in order that the crop and intestines may be emptied of food, says "Poultry World." A great amount of loss, arises from neglect of this PrecaUtion. They should be killed by dislocating the neck just where it joins the head, unless the purchaser wishes them to be killed in a special way. Some salesmen like them to be bled by a knife passed through the slot in the roof of the mouth, but this is required in only a few cases. Bleeding is apt to spoil the feathers and soil the packing, and this will reduce the price of the whole con- signment. Dislocation of the neck properly per- formed results in the breaking of the jugular vein, and the blood drains completely from the body veins into the neck.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
PLUCKING.

Birds should always be plucked while the body is still warm, as the feathers then come out more easily and there is less danger of tearing the skin. Except among the poorer class of buyers a badly- plucked bird is of but little value. Unless pluck- ing is done when the bird is warm, it -should not be done until the bird is quite cold, that is, at least twenty-four hours after killing. In plucking, the operator should hold the bird by the legs, with the head hanging downwards, or. in the case-of turkeys and geese, suspend it by the legs to a cord hung from the roof. Feathers are drawn by a firm rat gentle pull towards the head, this action loosen- ing them from the skin. The plucking should begin at the tail and be continued in the following order: back, neck, wings, sides, legs, and breast. It is unwise to start with the breast, as the surface veins in that part of the body are the last to drain dry, and the carcase will be discoloured if any of these veins are broken. The breast bone should not be broken. Fowls must be plucked clean except for the head and half the neck; turkeys must also be plucked clean, but leaving the feathers on the outer ends of the wings and the tail; in ducks and geese the wings and half the neck must be left unplucked. The legs and feet of all birds should be very clean.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FOWL LANGUAGE AT THE FRONT.

A correspondent of the "Tines," who signs him- self "T. H. H." (Lincoln's Inn), gives the follow- ing extract from a letter received from his son who is stationed at a farm "somewhere in France ": " We often hear the sound of a shell coming and yet there is no burst., and we always say, 'Hullo, there's a dud'; but the other day' I was sitting in the yard in the sun when I suddenly heard a shell coming, as I thought, close by. As it appeared to be just about to burst it suddenly stopped. Two minutes later the performance was repeated, and I saw that the noise was being made by a hen. Believe me, this is quite true! Whereupon a cock made a similar noise, and it was the exact imita- tion of a falling shell. I often heard the birds making the _same noise, and I called the attention of the others to it, and they verified my statements. I then questioned the old Frenchman about it, and he says that the birds have learnt to make the noise since the war commeired and keep it up sometimes for a long time."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS WEEK'S WORK IN BRIEF.

Any empty brooders or coops requiring a coat of Saint or creosote might be taken in hand now. To get everything not in use out of the way should be the poultry-keeper's aim. Brooders and coops put under shelter now are bound to be more ser- viceable next season than are those left out for attention in the autumn.

The January chickens may now be placed on the same rations as the adult stock, but see that they go to roost with a bulging' crop. Do not encourage the early pullets to lay. Feed for bone, and unless they are in a confined run, leave animal -food out of the mash. Examine the nest boxes occasionally for insects and mites. They are favourite breeding grounds for these vermin.

Clean and fresh-looking eggs are always more acceptable to the buyer than are eggs that are dirty and of doubtful appearance. No egg can be made to look exactly the same as a clean new laid. Washing removes the bloom. Clean nests does away with the necessity for washing. Stained eggs should be kept for the household use. As should all undersized or abnor- mal eggs.

Your eggs are your advertisement. See that they form a good one. Do not hold over eggs for an improvement in prices. Let them go to market at least once a week.—" The Poultry World."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
LITTLE tHINGS THAT COUNT.

Feeding Growing Chickens.—When chickens get from three to four months old they should not be stinted of food, but allowed as much as they will oat. .They have to make bone and frame, and to do this a plentiful supply of food is needed. Any- thing in the form of an oat diet is good. At this stage a little green bone will prove beneficial, and will tend to keep the chickens well up on their legs. Allow them as much range as possible, or have a series of small runs, and change them round every Week or two. Don't forget to separate the sexes, for then the youngsters will do much better, be- sides preventing squabbling and fighting. Should the cockerels show any inclination to the latter proceeding, run an old cock with them, and his presence will bring peace into the flock.

Care of Combs.—The combs of many breeds re- quire care in other respects than avoiding excess of animal food. Heat is very injurious. In all cases where combs are wanted small and neat the chicks shquld be brought up in cool and airy roost- ing placeeas soon as taken from the mother, which should be before the combs get any height. If this is not done, the mere pressure of the hen's body tends, during the youngest and most euscep- tible stage, to bend over or twist the comb. This applies even more to single upright combs, which must be kept straight, as in Leghorn and Minorca cockerels. Later, when the combs are growing fast, if there is reason to fear disaster, it is often of the greatest service to sponge the comb gently every night with hazeline tincture, or to wile= it with hazeline cream. This is not only a Mild though effective astringent, but has a specific action in re- pelling congestion of blood to the part where applied, and will. help much to keep a comb firm and within bounds.

Broody Hens.—lf you do not wish to set the hens now getting broody, do not put off "breaking up" their maternal inclination. The longer it con- tinues the poorer their condition, and the longer you will have to wait for their return to laying. A coop with slatted bottom hung up from the floor makes the best place for confining the hens. Weeding out the Chickensh—Cull now. Every de- fective chicken kept only adds to the expense, con- tributes to the crowding of better birds, and lowers the standard of the flock. The closer you cull the quicker you will get to the top. Clearing off the Old Hens.—lt will soon be time to clear off the two-year-Old hens, which should be done as soon as they show signs of giving up lay- ing. Feed them liberalfy tø put on flesh, and thus a more remunerative price will be obtained for them. •

Keep the Drinking Vessels Clean.—Earthenware drinking vessels quickly get slimy and dirty. Cleanse them regularly, and tow and again scour and scald them with boiling water. The good health of the birds will amply repay. for the time given to the work. Keep the vessels in a shady corner.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ADULT BIRDS.

Early moulting is so very great an advantage that it is a good plan to encourage the falling of ' 4.1 • • -' the feathers early in the season, says "Farm and s! , i ' tome." To do this is not a difficult matter. The ' - ,; • • plan to adopt in order to hasten the moulting period is to reduce the food, both .in quality and quantity, about the commencement of June, con- ,' •tr tinning this for a few weeks until the first feathers , , (.t. are seen to drop, when immediately the fowls must ii ' , ) be fed generously upon nourishing foods, particu- larly those that are rich in albuminoids, as this. is •the element that assists so greatly in the formation r. 4 of new feathers. One result of the poor dieting is • tt,-, that the hens cease laying, but this is no disadvan- , 1, tags, since eggs are so Cheap at the present time. I, iiil' It pays infinitely better to produce eggs next 11 sattunn than it does during the summer months. - !" i' I

Eggs, Poultry, &c.

CHICKEN REARING.—Mr. Wm. Coombe% of the " Pleck Gate Poultry Farm," winner -ef the Ist Prize in the Blackburn and District Lay- ing Competition for four months ending the 4th February/ 1916, writes:— "I have always made a practice of tu3ing the best food, which I am convinced is the cheapest in the end. lir Den of four Buff Orpington Pullets, which laid 316 EGGS in the above competition were reared from the shell on ENTWISME BROS.' DRY CHICK FOOD AND CHICKEN MEAL, which I consider to be the 'best and most reliable on 'the market. The Pen of Birds from which the winners were bred were also fed on this firm's various lines. and I have no hesitation in recommending them to others."

You can get it from your Grocer or Corn Dealer In 31b. and 71b. bags. Ask for it to-day. Sole manu- facturers: ENTWISTLE BROS., River-at., Bolton. Agents: Carter & Son, Ltd.. Barlow & Sons, :Warrington T. Gregory, Earlestown.

tIYSTER SHELL for Poultry, fine ground. 2 cwt. sample 3/-.—Rawsthorn, Miller, Gor- ton-street, Blackpool.

POIILTRY MEAL, manufactured from Wheat and Oat Meal, to be cleared at lbs. 6d. per bag of 1401 b., carriage paid; sacks free.—Marland and Co., Corn Merchants, Moseley, Manchester.

PUBE-BRED White Leghorns, Barron's 282- eggg strain, 4s. 6d. dozen.—Miss Bromley, Rem- ington Hall. Derby.

each hen every week are now obtained

U• with Harwood Spice:. 2d. 6d..„1/..4—Killeag and 1 Co., Ltd.. 5, Horszmarket-at:octi Wuxi:4ton.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
-iyl , .: cl, -, i ' il f . , . , . , ,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19160610_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RURAL TRIBUNAL.

Woolston Claimant Who Wants To Return To Russia.

RECAPTURED COPPER WORKS.

The Warrington Rural Tribunal resumed its sjttings on Thursday, when a number of im- portant and interesting appeals were heard. A remarkable case was that of a temporary resident of Woolston claiming exemption. His home and business is in the Caucasus, the scene of the recent hard fighting. He had to flee with his wife when the Turks invaded Russian terri- tory, and came over to England, but with the reoccupation of the territory by our Allies he hopes to return to the scene of his former labours.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
DRIVEN OUT BY TURKS.

Applicant Whose Home And Work Is

In The Caucasus.

A married man, 36 years, of Woolston, claimed though he was a British subject, that he had no home in England (his home being situated in the Caucasus Tiflis district on the Caucasus Copper Company's premiges) from which they had been driven out by the Turks. He hail an agreement with the company to resume opera- tions for the production of copper for the Russian Government, and hoped to return there as soon as possible. Correspondence was read from the Caucasus Copper Company dated March 13th, 1915, to the effect that they had received a cablegram from Batoum informing them that the Russian mili- tary forces had occupied Dzansoul, and that no serious damage had been done to the property. The company intended to resume operations as soqn as possible. Another letter, dated May 25th, 1916, stated that the Russian authorities were anxious to increase the output of copper in their country. Negotiations were now pro- co

_Jeding for the purpose of securing an advance from the Russian Government to enable them to recommence operations. They expected to hear shortly that all formalities were completed, and they desired to know whether the applicant could obtain permission to return to the position whicfi he occupied in the company's employment before the Turks took possession of the property. The company were reluctant to ask exemption for anyone liable for service, but they felt that the fact that the work to be performed would be such an enormous advantage in enabling them to produce copper as quickly as possible. They asked whether he could leave for Russia at short notice directly information came that the finan- cial negotiations were completed. .

_ Appellant's wife appeared to support the application, and stated that her husband was at present ill in bed; but they were exected to go when he was better. Her husband had lived in the Caucasus five years, and she had been there two years.

A Member of the Tribunal: Why did you come back? The Wife: We were driven out by the Turks. The premises are situated on the Russian and Turkish frontier.

The Chairman: You are anxious to go ba,!k- to drive the Turks out?

The Wife! I hope so. in the world.

They took all we owned

Mr. Furness: And they got the copper mines? The Wife: Yes, but they have been driven out. and the company are now in possession. - The Rev. A. M. Mitchell: Do you like that part of the world? The Wife: Very much. The Tribunal granted one month's exemption. but if the husband was fit to go out before that he must communicate with the Clerk of the Tribunal.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Publican's Appeal Refused.

The licensee of a hotel in Fearnhead, appealed on the ground of domestic hardship. He state.' that in his mare time, when the hotel was not open, he assisted his brother, who was engaged in making wire goods for several firms employed exclusively on munitions. In the event of him joining the Army he would have to give up his business, as his wife was unable to manage it in his absence. They had two children. Giving up business would mean a big financial loss to him on fixtures and other business appliances. Mr. W. Furness pointed out that brewery com- panies were granting ,authority to the wives of licensees who were called up. The Rev. A. M. Mitchell: And they manage better than the men sometimes.

The appeal was dismissed. Waiting For Naval Commission.

Since he lodged an appeal for exemption, a licensee at Penketh stated, he had decided to join the Navy. He was in communication with the Admiralty with regard to a commission in a particular section of the Navy. He withdraw his application for conditional exemption in favour of a temporary one until such time as the Admiralty had completed negotiations. Exemption until August 16th was granted. Need for War Hospital Staffs.

Eight men, including two assistant clerks, assistant storekeeper, electric wireman, cartar, stoker, and two masseurs, employed at the Lord Derby War Hospital. applied for conditional exemption. The Clerk pointed out that all the men were engaged on the staff. A Member of the Tribunal: We have heard they are tumbling over each other at the hos- pital. Mr. Furness (the military representative) said the men were considered to be indispensable to the working of the hospital. It was a mistake Ito say they are tumbling over each other. It was necessary that they should have a large staff ready at any moment to cope with an influx of patients. In the Whitecross Hospital they could do without 90 per cent, of the staff, but they were bound to keep them in expectation of an influx of wounded men, and the same con- ditions operated at the Lord Derby War llos- pital. The Rev. A. vl. Mitchell: It is not a question of being overstaffed, but if some of the men could not be dispensed with and women sub- stituted.

Five conditional exemptions were granted, and the applications of the stoker and the two masseurs adjourned for one month. Tannery Office Manager Exempted.

Mr. Cyril Gough, on behalf of Messrs. Wm. Mortimer and Co., Ltd., applied for exemption for their office manager who had full control of all the confidential and financial matters which passed through the office. They had no other inside raan.—The Military Representative offered n objection. He pointed out that the Orford Tannery were models of what a tannery out to do in the matter of recruiting.—Condi- tional exemption was granted. Horse Dealer and Forage Merchant.

Mr. T. S. Steel, on behalf of a horse dealer and forage merchant in business on his own account at Orford, applied for conditional exemption. He stated that he had been in business for two years. He supplied horses for the Government, but at present they only required a limited number. He also supplied horses for big con- tractors and carters in the district, used for commercial purposes. There was no one to manage the business, and his departure would ,mean financial ruin. He had a considerable amount of money invested in hay, which he had bought to sell again, and in addition large sums had been spent in purchasing horses. He also had long leases on his house and stebles, and had spent money in improving his stabling accommodation.

In reply to the Chairman (Mr. G. Mather), he said the reason he had not attested was because he did not think it was safe in view of hie business obligations. He understood attests- lion meant enlistment, offering your services for the country with the intention of leaving busi- ness.

Mr. Farneas : Your interests then ire much more important than the interests of yEur coun- try? • Applicant: No. I don't say that!

Mr. Furness : Your appeal is on financial grounds primarily, but seeing that you do not carry a vellY large stock, I cannot see how you can be affected financially. The Government will make an allowance up to £2 weekly. Mr. Steel: He makes considerably more than that out of his business, and it would be a hard- ship if he' had to go. He claims that he came under the head of the "one-man business," upon which his wife depends. Exemption until August 16 was granted. Appellant: I don't think that is of any use to me. .

Tlte Chairman:, Would you sooner go now? Because we can alter our decision.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

i i 0 r •G‘ g.. F 11DISTRICT pliEw3 1 j - ,1...._.,,, -..--

I.4YMM

LOCAL FACTS AND FANCIES.

By CRITIC. "Won't you buy my pretty flbwers?" was a cry heard from every quarter last week-end.

Nor did it pass by unheeded. By dinner-time everyone seemed to be sporting the familiar Alexandra rose.

One lady whom I carne across told me that I might as well be dead as out of the fashion.

It was rumoured that the event was to be postponed for a fortnight owing to the Lord Roberts's flag day being held the week previous.

The promoters evidently gathered pluck at the eleventh hour, and the affair ended in a bril- liant success.

The news of Lord Kitchener's death fell like a bombshell on the patriotic little village.

Shortly after the news arrived, the hospital flag was noticed to be at half mast.

I was sorry to notice that very few residents followed the hospital example.

Not a single flag could be seen throughout the whole village.

The Sunday matinee at the Star Kinema in aid of the blind heroes' fund seems to have created considerable interest in the village.

If the weather clerk will only smile next Monday, things ought to be merry and bright at Statham.

The phrase most heard in this quarter at the present time is "What if it rains?" I wonder.

Corporal Henry Brookes, our St. George hero, returned to the Front last Wednesday.

Captain Wilde, who is at present enjoying a short furlough, looks none the worse for his soldiering experiences.

His work chiefly consists of keeping the cap- tured rat in its cage.

He is guarding German prisoners at the Isle of Man camp..

While going along the station platform the other day I .caught a fleeting glance of Lance- Corporal R. Dixon, of the R.A.M.C., another cf our brave lads enjoying a well-earned rest.

Sergeant T. W. Field (our local D.C.M.), who was so seriously ill some time ago, has returned to Heaton Park for light duty. He has not yet received his medal.

The local Tribunal is now getting really busy.

Captain J. D. Thompson, the well-known Junior Unionist orator, has been promoted Adjutant of his battalion.

I hear that Oughtrington is going to follow the Lymm example and hold a cafe chantant during the coming week.

The success of a thing makes it quite an epidemic. "It's catching."

Several married men in the, district have this week answered the calling up of their groups.

"Business as usual" is our mottii for next Monday.

Even the Post Office have decided not to inconvenience .the output of shells.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY TRIBUNAL.

Chairman: Mr. T. J. Ridgway. Military Representatives: Messrs. A. de C. Parmiter P. E. Evans and Lieut. Craven Ellis (recruiting officer). _ _

===== 0002601_19160610_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Plumber's Successful Appeal.

A plumber (33) appealed for total exemption on the groands that he would suffer serious financial hardships if called to the Colours, also that he was a partner in a firm Of painters, decorators and plumbers, and that it is in the national interests that some experienced plumber should be left in the district.—Appli- cant was represented by Mr. G. L. Welford, solicitor, of Manchester, who said that his'client was a salaried partner. During the last two years the Other partner had had to give up doing active work owing to illness, and was only assist- ing in the management at present. During - these two years the bulk of the work had fallen on the applicant. When war broke out there were four plumbers employed in the plumbing branch, two single men and two married men, but the single men very soon joined the Colours, and left them with but one other man besides applicant. This man was over military age, and was constantly employed on special work, which left the other work to be done solely by appli- cant. Applicant also did all the clerical work

connected- with the firm. In normal times the firm generally employed about twelve men, but at the present they had to be satisfied with a staff of six men, and they had work in hand at the present time that would take them until October to complete. Applicant was a married man with three children.—By the Court: The firm had not tried to get clerical assistance. Applicant had done the clerical work for seven or eight years. The firm -had tried to gct another plumber, but with no success. The business might stand a lady clerk part time; there was not enough to do for full time. It was further stated that if applicant had to it would mean the closing down of the business. The Court decided to grant temporary con- ditional exemption until September Ist, subject to no application being made for any other employe.—Mr. Welford : Could we not have until October?—The Chairman: The Tribunal have considered the case very carefully. Better Fustian Cutting Than Milking.

A farm bailiff who appealed for a man (36), stated that there was great difficulty at the present time in obtaining suitable labour. Have you ever tried women labour F—Yes, I have had two women working for me. How did you manage them gave them tea and bread and butter, but they Were not satis- fied with that, and asked for their money. I gave it them. Could they milk?—They were better fustian cutting than milking. How long has applicant worked for youP—Two years.

He further stated that if the work was left entirely to him he would not attempt to bring a mowing machine out,

The Court decided to grant conditional exemp- tion until October Ist.

Farmer Secures Exemption.

A farmer applied for absolute exemption on the grounds that he was the occupier of a farm of 96 acres, 50 of which were under the plough. He had two men and two boys, and had had women for odd days. He had no tine who could work the farm for him. He intended to appeal further, for he could not do without one man. It was a busy time at present.—The Court decided to grant conditional exemption, subject to his remaining at the present work. Hampermaker Appeals For Man.

A hampermaker appealed for the total exemp- tion of his man (35) who, he stated. 'was the only man upon whom he could at present rely. Most young men in the trade had joined the Colours, and he usually had a staff of about ten men. Their work was chiefly making hampers for agricultural and market gardening purposes. How many men have you at present ?---Only the only appealed for and a son. What about the son?—He hits had ill-health for some time, and.could not be relied upon. How long has the man been with you ?—Over four years.

I suppose this is a trade that requires some

after leaving school joined the local company of Volunteers as a boy bugler. Since that time his mind 'was given to the Army. When be reached the age of eighteen he decided to take up soldiering as a profession, and joined the Regular Army as a member of the Cheshire Regiment. His military abilities were speedily recognised, and promotion came Mt. For some time•past he has held the rank of a Sergeant of the line. Being a member of the Regular Army, he was one of the first to be on the battlefield of Flanders, and went through the remarkable retreat from Mons, and through all the opening stages of the war until the battle of the Aisne. Here he had the. misfortune to be hit with an incendiary bomb, dTopped from hokile aircraft, and was sent over severely wounded to Chester. During the whole of the journey he was un- conscious. After' sufficiently recovering lo enable him to leave hospital, he had the mis- fortune to be severely burned owing to a box of matches igniting in his pocket, and while undergoing treatment for these injuries he con- tracted pneumonia, from which he has just died.

Deceased was 25 years of age, and prior to joining the Army seven years ago. was employed as an errand boy for F. E. Evans, chemist, The Cross. His brother, Corporal Richard Lewis, Royal Field Horse Artillery, is at present somewhere in France.

It is expected that the funeral will take place at the Parish Church at the beginning of the week.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
learning?—Yes, about seven years' apprentice- ship. We' are making inquiries for men regu- larly.—Temporary * conditional exemption until August 31st was granted. Unattested Farmer Gets Until October.

A farmer appealed for total exemption on the grounds that he was a tenant of a farm which comprised 28 acres, 14 of which were arable, with one horse, two milking - cows and two young cows. -He began farming in February; he was a horseman before that. He had no men. His sister had helped him, but she had gone back. ,He had not attested.

Conditional exemption until October Ist.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
SERGEANT SAMUEL MARSLAND LEWIS.

Dies In Hospital.

News has this week been received to the eff2ct that Sergeant S. M. Lewis, Cheshire Regiment, has died while undergoing treatment for pneu- monia in Chisledon Military hospital. The news was conveyed through the medium of a telegram sent to his mother at Rush Green, saying :—" Regret to inform you that your son Sergeant Lewis, died at 3.45 p.m. to-day, CiC Military Hospital, Chisledon." .It was dated the 7th of June.

At Mons. Sergeant Lewis was A. born soldier, and soon

===== 0002601_19160610_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD ABOUT THE CAMERON HIGHLANDERS.

By PRIVATE ERNEST SHAW. [Continued.]

MARCH, 1915.

March! What a month ! Cold and rain, with the usual March winds added. That was the lot that befel "Tommy "—shall I say the great "Tommy "?—during the time that he occupied the trenches of France and Flanders. For " Tommy " is truly "great." Even when re- markably heavy odds were against him, and his best pals were going under by his side, he was always thew, stuck at his post, and nothing but death could shift him. When the critical time was over, and the Huns had been driven back, " Tommy " would come marching in with a smiling face, whistling some popular ditty, as if he had been to witness some first-class foot- ball match. That's the sort of " Tommy " the British woman rears. That's the man that the entire world envies; that's the man who has put fear into the hearts of the entire German race. But this is getting off my tale. As my mind wanders back to the days of March, 1915, I can- not help but shudder at the reflection of some of my -experiences. March 2.—Relieved by Scots Guards, after 48 hours in firing line and supports. Went into billets at

4th.—Returned to breastworks, relieving the Scots Guards and London Scottish.

6th.—Returned to billets we occupied on the 2nd.

Bth.—lteturned again to breastworks. Pte. Burt awarded the

9th.—Pte. Mackenzie and Sergt. Cummings awarded the D.C.M.

10th.—Held the Huns at bay by intermittent rifle fire dtiring the fight at llth.—Lieut. Steward joined from United Kingdom. Relieved Scots Guards and London Scottish in evening. 13th.—The Rev. J. Whitfield, C.F. (R.C.) be- came attached to the battalion. ' A draft of 158 arrived from Scotland via , conducted by two officers.

14th.—Relieved Scots Guards and London Scottish in breastworks. 16th.—Scots Guards and London Scottish re- lieved us in evening..

18th.—Relieved Scots Guards and London Scot- tish again in breastworks. 20th!—Lieut. Gordon Cumming and two men sent down for instruction in machine gunnery. 22nd.—Loyal North Lancashires took over from us at . Marched back to miles). .

_ 23rd.—Day spent cleaning up. 24th.—Marched back to (4 miles). Same billets as at end of February. 26th.—Rev. J. J. McP. Cowper, C.F. (an old friend of ours), succeeded the Rev. C. A. Mor- rison, C.F. 27th.—Pte. Mcßae awarded the D.C.M. 30th.—Took over breastworks from Loyal North Lancashires, along the

===== 0002601_19160610_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
MAY DAY.

WORKED, FOUGHT, WOUNDED, WORKING.

St. Helens Cable Company's Employes Box The

Patriotic Compass.

Monday's Great Festival For Children And Old People.

Elaborate preparations are now in progress towards the completion of all arrangements for Monday's great festival, and Statham itself is one buzz of excitement. The programme is now completed. The pro- ceedings will open with a procession, headed by the Grappenhall Subscription Band, which starts from Cross Brow at one o'clock, going via Booth's Hill to the village, round the Cross, returning to the field via Lymm Station. On the field the public are to be treated to May- pole and garland dances, executed by the chil- dren, sports, and various amusements. Tea will be served in the Statham Schools (by kind consent of the Rector and churchwardens) about 4 p.m. Afterwards prizes are to be distributed to all school children, and old people over the age of sixty. The band will play for public dancing until dusk. During the past week Councillor Frederick Lockyer, the organiser, informed an " Examiner " man that although they had suffered severe criticisms from too patriotic subscribers, they were pleased. to be able to show a balance in hand from.last year's festival of £lO 4s. 24d. What can be wrong with the festival we fall to see. The parties that benefit are the children and old people. Their fathers, brothers and their sons are away nobly doing their duty, and it is for us wha are able to see that they get a little respite from the trials of war. It is gratifying to know that after last year's festival several letters were received from the men in the trenches sending their approval of the continuance of the children's pleasure.

Private James Jennings.—Writing to his sister. Miss Alice Jennings, of Moston-street, Newfields. Private James Jennings. of the Man- chester Regiment, says: "I should have for- gotten all about Easter had it not been for the nice services we had here. You say that Cor- poral Arthur Read said that he would like to come over here. Well, there is certainly no fighting yet, but that does not signify that it

===== 0002601_19160610_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
A FINE TRIO.

Left to Right :—Private A. Abbott, Con naught Rangers; Private R. Unsworth, Northumberland Fusiliers; Private J. Di tchfield, First 4th South Lancashire Regiment (Territorial Forces).

The three men, the subjects of our illustra- ment of the company since 1908. Being a inem- tion, are employes of the St. Helens Cable and ber of the First 4th South Lancashire Regiment Rubber Company, Ltd., Warrington. I Territorial Forces, he *as called up for active

Wounded in Gallipoli. PriVote Abbott has been in the employment of .the firm continuously since 1901, but at the outbreak of hostilities gained consent to join. Forces and joined the Connaught Ran- gers, November, 1914. He fought in the Gallipoli campaign, being wounded in both legs and the left hand on August 27th, 1915. He was sent home to hospital to the South of England, where he remained three weeks, and after a furlough of a few more weeks at home he returned to his depot at Kinsale, Ireland. He returned to work in the factory on Decem_

a tFreebt er hu . ear-bearer, and saw service, and was sent across to France along h February, 1915. He was engaged much active service at Kemnel, Dickybush and wi t a companyscompany Ypres, being badly wounded in the leg at the latter place on June 10th, 1915. After three. months in hospital and a furlough of a few weeks, he rejoined his company at Blackpool, but his injuries proved such that he was un- able to continue his military duties. He was discharged as medically unfit, and returned to his duties as under foreman in one of the de- partments, January 2nd, 1916.

ber 14th, 1915; and he is at present still en- gaged there. One of French's "Contemptible Army." Private R. TYnsworth entered the services of the company in 1902, and, with the exception of three years of military service, has worked for them continuously since that date. As a Reservist he was one of the first to be called up in August, 1914, being immediately sent across to France with the first Expeditionary Form He fought in the battles of the Aisne and Ypres, being badly wounded in the leg at the latter place, March 14th, 1915. He was ,sent to hospital and remained there until Nov- ember, 1915, when, after a spell at home he returned to his depot. As, however, his wounds permanently disabled him for active service, he was discharged as medically unfit, and returned to his duties as foreman of the dispatciring -department -May '7th, 1916. Private J. Ditchfield has been in the employ.

Firm's Splendid Record. "Out of a total of 120 men who have been released for service with H.M. Forces," we are informed by a St. Helens Cable Co. official, "up to the time of having the photograph taken these are the only three who have been returned. All the others are still on active service, with the exception of four men only, who have been killed. As a firm we feel very grateful that the casualty list has been so small, and we are proud of our record of having releaseil for mili- tary service fully one-half of our employes of military age. We keep in constant touch with each one of our men, and regularly send them parcels of comforts, which are subscribed ff r by the members of the staff and employes of ;he firm. We almost daily recerre letters of appreciation from our soldiers, which we are keeping by us as a record of these dark days. They will be preserved in the annals of the com- pany to hand down to future generations:, -

will always be so. I can tell you there is not much pleasure here. It is so hot, and during the day we are nearly worried with flies. We are always glad when the sun, goes down, and the flies settle for the night, for then we are able to get a little amusement. I have not seen the pyramids yet, but I am hoping to do so before we leave 'here. At present we are miles away from them." Private James. Jennings is a well- known local lad, and is looked upon hy "Ex- aminer" readers as a gifted correspondent.

Heart Fai I ure.—We regret to announce the sudden death of Miss Maud Mort (41), which took place at her residence, Booth's Hill, on Friday week. Miss Mort became ill on Thurs- day night, but seemed to have recovered on the Friday morning, and was quite bright and chatty. About 113.45 a.m. she was noticed to collapse on the couch. She died before any assistance could be rendered. At the inquest, conducted by Deputy Coroner White at the Police Station on Monday afternoon, Dr. Burrows said that death was due to heart failure, caused by sudden exertion after vomit- ing. The jury returned a verdict to that effect. The funeral took place at the Parish Church on Tuesday afternoon, conducted by the Rev. G. B. Thurston. The principal mourners were Mother, Florrie and Eddie (sisters), Mrs. Brown (cousin), and Mrs. J. Cadman. Floral tributes were sent by: "Father, Maher and Eddie," "Jack and Florrie," "Kenneth," "Aunt Mary and family," Mr. and Mrs. J. Cadman and family, Mr. and Mrs. Tonge and family. The funeral arrangements were conducted by Mi. W. G. Groves, Booth's Hill.

Mouth Organs Provide Pleasure for Soldiers. —Mr. J. T. Milne, Leahurst, Brook-road, has received the following letter from Pte. Jack Cheetham, Cheshire Regiment, who is at pres- ent serving with the Indian Expeditionary Forces. It was sent from a British General Hospital, where the gallant soldier has been recuperating from sickness: "When you see the above address you will naturally think that I am ill in hospital, but such is not the case; it is quite the opposite, as I commenced duty on Easter Sunday in the office. I was pleased to receive the pamphlet you sent me, notifying me about the organ recitals that have been taking place at the parish church in aid of the mouth organ fund. They must have provided a few comfortable hours for some of our fellows. 'I can assure you that the cause is one of the best, and the instruments are the means of many a pleasant sing-song, when nothing else is avail- able. Give my kind regards to all the mem- bers of the Sunday school class." Pte. Jack Cheetham. is a well-known local lad, who enlisted soon after the outbreak of war. He was eventually drafted out • to the Dar- danelles, where he remained until the great evacuation. .In civil life he was a grocer's assistant employed by the late Frank Warbur- ton, The Cross. For several years he was a chorister at the Parish Church.

Alexander Rose Day Result • Nearly M.-- Thanks to the energetic President, Mr. T. F. W. Dixon, and his assistant, Mr. G. A. Cooke, the Alexandra Rose Day was held as usual last Saturday, and ended a brilliant success. About 3,500 roses were sold, at anything from one penny upwards, and the magnificent sum of £lB 146. was raised, and has been duly forwarded to the proper quarter. Calling at the distributing centre last Saturday night, our representative found it quite a hive of industry, and he was informed that although a large number of ladies who usually sold roses on Alexandra Day were occupied doing war work, there had been no difficulty in getting the necessary help, and the scheme had run quite pleasantly. About 8 p.m. all the unsold roses from the outlying districts were gathered in, and the President and his assistant, with grim determination themselves canvassed the people in the village, and by nine o'clock every rose was sold. During the week a letter of thanks from the Executive Committee has been received thanking the President, and expressing appreciation of the magnificent re- sults.

The following ladies took out baskets from the distributing centre :—Mrs. Slaney, Miss Slaney, Miss R. Oddie, Miss Barker, Misses H. and F. Dixon, Miss Pearse, Miss F. Holt, Miss Thomason, Miss Priestner, Miss Telfer, Miss Ingham, Miss Davies, • Miss Moffatt, Miss Gleave, and Miss Carr.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

APPLETON MARRY AS TIP,

Suggestion Put Forward At Parochial

Committee.

At the commencement of the meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee, held in the Council Schools on Tuesday evening, Mr. G. Pilling thanked the members for again electing him to the chair, and said he would do his utmost faithfully to carry out his duties. A letter was read from .a contractor, Mr Spencley, saying that he had received notice to discontinue using the tip in Fairfield-road, but had been fortunate in securing one at Walton.

Mr:H. J. Westbrook thereupon proposed that the Clerk communicate with Mr. Beresford Melville asking him if he would agree to the Appleton Quarry being used as a tip, the Coun- cil to give an assurance that only ordinary refuse would be tipped. Mr. Westbrook also thought that Lower Walton might be asked to join in, and the tip would last them for years.

The proposition was unanimously agreedto. There were presont at the meeting: Messrs. George Pilling (chairman), J. 11. Clarke, F. Warburton, F. Pearson, H. J. Westbrook, F. Rose, A. Bottomley, W. Hallows, J. Hallows, E. Bradshaw (clerk to the Parish Council), and G. W. Lloyd, A. S. Wright and W. E. Hough, officials to the committee.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CIIESIIIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.

Stockton Heath Detachment.

Orders for week commencing 12th June, 1916, issued by Mr. Frank Warburton, O.C.

Tuesday.—Musketry, Appleton Rifle Range, 5.30, Monthly Competition. Lecture at the Drill Hall by Captain Pearson, 8 o'clock.

Thursday.—Musketry, Appleton Rifle Range, 5.30, Monthly Competition. Saturday.—Battalion Parade at Chelford. Fall in Victoria-square 2 o'clock. All members are expected to parade.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL.

CIIESIIIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.

Grappenhall Detachment.

Orders for week ending June 17th :

Monday, June 12th.—Zusketry at range, 7 to 8 p.m., practice; 8 p.m., "Daily Telegraph" Competition. Range Officer, Section Commander W. Trantom.

Tueosday.—Lecture by Capt. Pearson, Drill Hall, 8 p.m.

Wednesday.—Drill. Fall in at headquarters, 7.4.5 P.m.

Friday.—Musketry at range, 7 to 8 p.m. prac- tice; 8 p.m., "Daily Telegraph" Competition. Range Officer, Section Commander P. Tipping. Saturday, June 17th.--Fall in (uniform) at headquarters at 1.40 p.m. for Battalion Drill at Chelford from 3 to 7.45 p.m. Orderlies: Section Commander W. Trantom, Private R. W. Wilde.

By order,

F. A. FROST. O.C.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

In the Great Sea Fight —lt is with great pleasure we see two of our brave sailor lads safe at home after the turmoil of the past week. Albert, second son of Mr. R. Jones, butcher, Warrington-road, Penketh, has been in the thick of the fighting. As a stoker he had an anxious time, but all's well that ends well. Two of his brothers answered to the call for King and country. The eldest, Robert, a lance- corporal in the Fifth 'Dragoon Guards, was wounded in France in the hand and arm, in- capacitating him from further active service. Sam, the third son, is another lance-corporal, undergoing training for the great event. The other sailor is George Carrington, A. 8., who has been away for two years and a half. Part of the time he has been operating along the Mediterranean and Dardanelles. The last time he returned home to his father's house in the Park, Penketh, he had barely' time to show him- self when he was called away 'again. Two of.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
his brothers are also doing their bit. The eldest, Thomas Edward, is training with the Grenadier Guards, and Arthur, the second son, is at the Front with the Army Service Corps. The latter has just recently been promoted to the rank of sergeant.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY.

Wedding.—Last Saturday, at St. Mary's Church, Great Sankey, a marriage wag solemnised between Miss Dorothy Clarke, youngest daughter of Mr. George Clarke, head, master of Sankey Council' School, and Mrs - Clarke, and Mr. Harvey Turner, Church FarM, Plemstall, Cheshire. The Rev. J. R. Jones offi- ciated. The bride, who was given away by her father, looked charling in a cream costume* and silk hat to match. Miss Laura Turner (sister of the bridegroom), who made a very pretty bridesmaid, was dressed in. a Saxe-blue costume, and Leghorn hat, trimmed with blue, to- match, and Mr. Fred Turner 'acted as best man for his brother. Miss Standish presided at the organ, "The Voice that breathed o'er Eden" and "Lead us, Heavenly Father," being the hymns chosen, and Mendelssohn's Wedding March. A large number of valuable presents were received, amongst them two 'which will be specially prized by the young couple, one from the Sunday school children, a silver flower stand, and another from the scholars of the weekday school, a case of fish knives and zorks• At both schools Miss Clarke had been a teacher for some considerable time. Owing to the bride- groom having to join his group on Monday the - wedding was very quiet.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD.

War Over Before Christmas?—" I expect your congregation will be very sparse of males shortly, but I have great hope that many old faces will be there again before Christmas to gladden your heart. I wonder whether I shall be one of those lucky mortals? I somehow think so. Still, if it is willed otherwise, you may rest assured that I shall never disgrace Orford and the dear old church."—Orford soldier in France' to "Orford Parish Magazine."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
BURTON WOOD.

ENCLOSING THE TIP.

Mitigating A Nuisance Greatly Complained Of.

At the monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural District Council on Wednesday, the Medical Officer of Health (Dr. Murray) reported that he had met at the refuse tip at Collins Green the Chairman and other representatives of the Newton Urban District Council, and observed a very decided improvement in the way in which loose paper, &c., had been collected. The representatives of the Newton Council promised that they would adopt further measures, such as wire netting, to prevent paper blowing over the road and fields and also, as far as they could, keep people away from the tip. They proposed to have a watchman there when the other men had left at night, and on Satur- days and Sundays. The Rev. A. M. Mitchell: I don't think that putting up of wire netting will effect what w‘ want if there is a strong wind.

Dr. Murray: The watchman will gather up the paper and burn it. They are also going to ask the inhabitants of Newton not to throw much Paper into the ashpits.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
"WIGS ON THE GREEN."

Warrington & District Farmers Spurn Irish Labourers. Judged by a discussion of the Warrington and Distiict War Agricultural Committee, which met in the Griffin Hotel on Wednesday evening, local farmers will have nothing to do with Irish labourers, despite the fact that the shortage Of farm workers is giving them grave concern. The Chairman (Mr. J. Ball) initiated the debate, first pointing out the necessity for more labour on the farms and wondering whether, ' they should suggest to the Board of Agrirmltuto any means for persuading Irishmen to return • from their own country to English land. He condemned the unpatriotic action or the Irish in running away when fearing eonscriptinu, and only last Sunday had expressed his dis- pleasure by sending away from his gate " thrte strapping young fellows," although he wanted labour badly. However, the question was •whether they should give priority to their feel- ings towards these men or have them because of the urgent necessity of producing food? Several members took part in the discussion, one saying he would rather his stuff should rot in the land than that Irishmen should handle it; another, that if Irishmen came he was sure English labourers would put on their jackets as • a protest, or even fight them, and that °nee the Irish had been promised non-interference by the Government tbey would no sooner be on the English farms than they would go into the munition works for higher money and their use- fulness in the production of food would be over. There were about a dozen members present, and a motion that the Government be asked to persuade Irishmen to return to England found - no seconder, and the discussion ended in con- demnatory sentiments regarding the disloyalty of those who had sailed across the Channel on the advent of conscription.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Naming the Twins.

You have heard of the twins, Kate and Duplicate? earnestly inquires the "Kansas City Times." So had an Arkansas mother of twins, who liked the idea and wanted to adopt it. Her name being Kate, it was easy to name the girl twin in her honour, but Duplicate seemed hardly to fit the boy. This proved a stumbling block for some time, but after considerable dis- cussion it was surmounted. In delicate compli- ment to the boy's father, who was a moonshiner, it was decided to call him Lubricate. This story is just made up, of course, but it ii as true as most Arkansas stories.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- • , _ 0.11r,10-

===== 0002601_19160610_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
A PICIURISED ROMANTIC NOVEL BY ROY lIMCCARDELL ADAPTED FROM THE SENSATIONAL -FLYING A-, SERIAL FILM; BY . ALE C J. BRA II.:

IThe characters in this story are purely imaginary, living

SYNOPSIS OF. PRECEDING CHAPTER.

A bitter feud exists between Colonel Arthur Stanleigh and his cousin, Judge Lamar Stanleigh, engendered over a family heirloom, The Diamond from the Sky, found in a meteor by an adventurer ancestor. The feud is further augmented by the fact ,that the Stanleigh Earldom in Warwickshire Inas, come to a son of the Virginian families of the Stanleighs. When a. daughter is born to the wife of Colonel Stanleigh, the disappointed father buys a .male gipsy child and substitutes him as heir. 131scovering the sale of her baby, Hagar, the gipsy rctother, drags herself to Stanleigh Hall, hoping to leqain him. She arrives just as her baby's birth is °eine registered, and Colonel Stanleigh, seeing her, falls unconscious across the library table.

CHAPTER 11. AN EYE FOR AN EYE.

Long ago Dr. Lee warned his friend against iintlue excitement; but the sight which met his eyes w. aB too unexpected .to be warded against. Chuck- ling inwardly at the defeat of his rival, he raised a,is eyes in time to see Matt Harding dragging 1-agar from the door of his room, his rough, great and stifling her cry. The mother had come for tjle child he had so callously sold a few hours ?afore. There came a vision before Colonel Stan- 'Sigh of all his plans miscarrying. At the last moment the little Blair might step in and succeed to all the honours of the Stanleigh family. But the danger was over almost before it was realised.

For nearly four years the old negro nurse watched and guarded the baby, girl with all the wealth of love that a great mother-heart could bestow. At length Colonel Stanleigh realised that it was becoming dangerous to keep the child in the house, and wrote to Dr. Lee asking him to call the following day at midnight, take the child away, and adopt her as his own. Other plans were in the flaking at the time. Hagar had returned to Fair- fax, and hungered for a sight of her boy. That afternoon from the cover of a wood she watched the boY and the man who had robbed her; the man the countryside regarded as the father of little Arthur. ,Raga r had come back to Fairfax to carry away the !oily, and the sight she witnessed only intensified iler determination. That very night she would force a way into the house a,nd steal quietly away. It was almost midnight,: Colonel Stanleigh sat alone in the library idly fingering The Diamond from the Sky while he read the superscription on the cryvelope beside him. As the years had crept over ,13-fif. and Arthur was already showing signs of a headstrong child, he decided.,to safeguard thC interests of his little daughter. If the boy did not deserve the honours in store for him, revelation of the truth would, deprive him of the Stanleigh titles and estates. The document should be handed to Dr. Lee. He would know how to make use of the secret were it necessary. "I have come for my child," said a voice behind

Turning, the terrified Colonel gazed into the reso- 'lite face of Hagar. With a cry he staggered to his feet. and, twist- -1/,g round, fell back dead. " A judgment!" breathed Hagar, as she swert 74i3znond and document from the table, and went 'a search of her boy. Lying soundly asleep in the our-post bed was her son—her own sou, putative heir of Stanleigh Hall. She marked the elegance of his surroundings as the full moon shone in the 'window. What should she do? If she left her child there she would be cheating the cheaters. What would be the wild upbringing she could give her son in comparison with all that would be his as heir of Stanleigh Hall? " Pll leave you here, my boy," she whispered. Remain as the heir of Stanleigh Hall, and I will iCeeD The Diamond from the Sky for you." Then Hagar heard footsteps. Gazing out crtiously, she saw the old nurse coming down- firs With with the little girl, the rightful heir of Stan- Hall. Hagar listened intently. Lying on the ii,brarY floor was the dead master of the house, and tat knew that in a minute the whole place would nel izt .r an uproar. A wild shriek arose from the .ed nurse as she entered the library and saw her master, the man who had been so kind to her N, her husband, stretched lifeless on 11 e Leaving little Esther in the room crying " Wake up, daddie, and kiss me," the nurse ran for her husband. Hearing the arrival of Dr. Lee's gig, the old people went to the door and broke the dreadful news to him. This gave Hagar an oppor- tunity to satisfy her longing for revenge- Picking the child, she said to the dead man lying at b.f. feet, "An eye for an eye. You took my child; I Will take yours," and fled behind the curtain of the bight.

Eighteen times the full seasons ran their course before the veil, was lifted upon the Stanleigh family 'drama. Arthur Stanleigh, master of Stanleigh Hall, *as wasting his time in riotous living, and with ttlair, his cousin, Was well known in all fast circles '3l Virginian society. Dr. Henry Lee, pressed with tile weight of years, was guardian of the young Zan. and wondered what the end of it would be. 4kte old coloured nurse and Ned had passed none, remained save the doctor, and Hagar,-the ‘7DBY woman, whom he had sought far and wide for rears. Fate, the weaver of destinies, in the 11,11aDe of Hagar, at last came upon the scene. If 'lle doctor had wondered whether, in his bait! of °,22e dead man and his love for anniicr, l bad not gone wrong; Hagar, queen of the gipsies. wondered. . if her vengeance had not gone all awry. Esther titanleigh—or, as she was known, Esther Harding— /Pas a beautiful and sweetly dispositioned young Wornan. The wild mother-love Hagar bore for the !c:/1 sold from her had passed to sweet Esther. So Was that Hagar returned to Virginia, resolved ain to sacrifice her very heart. She knew ad the tanleigh documents by heart, as she knew evtiv ,e3C,e)e/rAinerCee9P)Ce

T_')C

',CYO,

===== 0002601_19160610_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
and have no connection With or relation to any person.)

Qc4

I‘44C4Q

1(-444#4

POLICEMAN'S PAY.

Warrington Brought .Into Line

With Towns Of Similar Size.

Jo the minutes of the Watch Committee, the "4;loPtion of which was moved by the Mayor at ;-uesday's meeting of the Town Council, it was recorded that the Chief Constable had brought :11%-ard the question of the payment of interest 41 the accumulations of the allowances to con- o•bles serving in H.M. Forces, which are corn- retained by .the committee until the. blet.orn of the men from the war. The -com- hitt% resolved : That interest at the rate of 0. Per cent., free from income tax, be added to tr accumulations due to the men serving in war. i,:the committee also resolved: That the follow- Scale of pay and allowances be adopted I.on sta b I es.-11th class, on appointment, 6,1,...1,05. per week; 16th class, after 12 months' ,tariloo. £1 11s.; 9th class, after 2 years' service, 70,128-; Bth class, after 3 years' service, £1 135.; class, after 4 years' service,, £1 145.; 6th after 5 years' service, £1 155.; sth class, er 7 years' service, £1 165.; 4th class, after Years' sen;ice, £1 175.; 3rd class, after 12 te'aral service, ..£1 18s.; 2nd class, after 15 years' Ice, £1 195.; Ist class, after 20 years' service, a s tar class is. per week extra. Granted on re.e 'al recommendation of Chief Constable. " Ling-sergeants in any class Is. per week in dition. elrOoants.--6th class, on appointment, .22 2s.

facet of The Diamond from the Sky. Now he would like to see her boy in his manhood, and the wild hope possessed her that he might fall in love with Esther. Long had this been a cherished desire, and Hagar had come to Fairfax to ask Dr. Lee to take over the trust his dead friend wi 41. ed to lay upon him. Calling one of her tribe she sent him to Dr. Lee with a note: " I love Esther, but feel that she should have her chance in life. Will you adopt her? Answer by messenger.—Hagar Harding." The terse note, full of possibilities, had come, Dr. Lee thought, in answer to his prayers. Here was an opportunity to make restitution; but first Hagar owed him an explanation. To the gipsy camp went the old man, demanding to know what the woman meant. " Where have you kept the child all these years? I have -hunted high and low for you, and now you come to me, appealing to give Esther a chance in life. Does it mean that at last you realise the wrong you have done her? See of what you have deprived her." Dr. Lee was angry, but his rage withered before the 'tense indignation of the woman. " How dare you speak to me-like this?" she cried. "You, the very doctor who was partner in the crime whi‘a robbed me of my boy. The stain of that crime should have blackened your soul, but "—in mood—" I have not come to revile you. I 1: ve Esther too dearly to wreck her future. Take her, adopt her, and give her a chance in life. Do not let her remain a gipsy girl." "I will accept your trust upon one condition."

"And that?" asked Hagar. " That you give me The Diamond from the Sky to hand to Rather when she marries or I die."

" But why? My son is entitled to it, is he not, as master of Stanleigh Hall?" "As master of Stanleigh Hall he may be truth be hid, but he is not worthy of it. If I to take Esther the diamond must come with her."

For the sake of the sweet girl she loved so deafly Hagar consented, and the doctor took Esther back with him. Within an hour the camp was struck. Heartbroken and weary, Hagar and her tribe kit the place that held so many tragic memories for the woman.

At their parting there had been one gift of Hagar's that the girl gladly took with her, a pair of homing pigeons. "Take these, my dear daugh- ter. If ever you are in trouble and need me, send a message by the birds. Their homing-place is our gipsy rendezvous in the Blue Ridge. Even if I am not there when the message comes, some of our tribe will be. They will know where I am and bring me word." Although the proud women of the countryside looked askance, within a short time Esther was belle of the xlistrict, and the ivyclad Porch of the doctor's old house saw a nightly gathering of all the gay spirits of Fairfax. There came a night in June, and in the moonlight were four young men all paying court to the happy Esther. Chief among them were the Stanleigh cousins, Stanleigh and Blair. Sorne slight attention to his cousin roused Arthur to a tempest of jealousy. PrettilY rebuked by the girl, he left in a huff. Then Esther teased the triumphant Blair, and he, too, became angry and departed. Sulkily straying by the house, he saw the light gleaming from the doctor's study. Curious, he peered through the window and started hack, clenching his hands. What jewel was this in the hands of the old man? Could it be the Stanleigh diamond, the Stanleigh "charm against harm," of which his mother had so often spoken? Since the death of Colonel Stanleigh the Stanleigh heirloom had been missing, and his mother had often whispered her suspicions to her son. "Dr. Lee was alone with Colonel Stanleigh when he died. Who else but he has taken and hidden away The Diamond from the Sky?"

The obsession of the -desire for this priceless heir- loom had been born and bred in Blair Stanleigh. Here was an opportunity to gain the jewel, and he determined there and then tp return and secure the diamond, come what might. With the mad desire in his mind he went home and prepared for the deed.

In the library at Stanleigh Hall the young heir mused and dreamt of Esther. His guitar lay near him, and he picked it up and gently strummed it. In his mind's eye he saw himself serenading sweet Esther and begging her gentle pardon in the moon- light, should she come to her window to listen. The romantic idea suited his mood, and he took the guitar and hastened again to the doctor's house.

- Blair Stanleigh has -clambered through the study window, closed it, and drawn the blind. He has softly lit the doctor's study lamp and rifled the drawer of the old secretaire and the cash-box it holds. He has seized The Diamond from the Sky and clasped it in agitated ecstasy upon his bosom. At last the wonderful Stanleigh heirloom was his. Since he was a little todiller his mother had been bemoaning the loss of the jewel, and now it is his —his. Arthur Stanleigh is welcome to the title. " This will repay old scores!" hisses the young man as the memory of tales of the old feud comes into his mind. Then upon his guilty ears falls the strain of a guitar. He hides the diamond and the chain and locket that holds it under his shirt. Meanwhile, sleeping the light slumber of the aged, the old doctor had been aroused by the open- ing of the window. Candle in hand, he descended to his study, and entered just as the last gleam from the diamond was shrouded by the shirt of the thief in the night. There was a quick, sharp struggle. Frenzied with fear, and resolved to do murder rather than lose the long-coveted heirloom, Blair Stanleigh, maddened with rage, strangled the doctor till the weak old man fell across the writing- table, his heart stopped in death. Then the mur- derer turned to sneak from the room. But he paused. Overhead he heard movemente. Esther had been aroused, he thought, by the noise of the struggle. He must not be seen by the girl, and he moved to the open window, where the strains from the guitar, strains of a love song, tinkled in the night.

(To be continued.)

The Great Flying - A Serial Film.

kf,Jaao

per week; sth class, after 12 months' service, £2 35.; 4th class, after 3 'years' service, £2 48.; 3rd class, after 5 years' servicei. £2 65.; 2nd class, after 7 years' service, .R.. 2 Bs.; let class, after 10 years' service, 082 10s.

I nspectors.-6th class, on appointment, .22 13s. per week; sth class, after 12 months' service, .22 155.; 4th class, after 3 years' service, ..t2 178.; 3rd class, after 5 years' service, £2 198.; 2nd class, after 7 years' service, .P. 3 is.; Ist class, after 10 years' service, £3 3s. ,

Chief Inspector.—On appointme.nt, .2.3 6s. Liperintendent.—On. appointment, £lBO Per annum. "

Last two ranks, with subsequent reasonable increases, on recommendation of Chief Con- stable.

Merit in any class for sergeants and con- stables, per week is. 2d.; clerks, per week, 25.; detectives, per week, for clothing allowances and incidental expenses, 55.; boot allowance, per annum, ..Z1 Bs.. Leave, 57 days per annum. Maximum scale of pensions with no age limit for all ranks of force.

The Watch Committee and Chief Constable reserve to themselves the right to prevent any member of the Force rising to the various classes for inattention to duty, inefficiency, or other cause, or to anticipate the promotion of any officer for exceptional merit. &c. The Mayor said these changes—which were ultimately adopted by the Council—had been arrived at after the matter had been carefully considered and after the Warrington scale had been compared with the scales in towns of a similar size to Warrington.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
igt*W

===== 0002601_19160610_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• I I I • b

===== 0002601_19160610_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EI.AMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

FARM AND GARDEN.

THE HAY HARVEST.

A confirmation of the optimistic reports re- garding the prospect of the season's hay crop was obtained in a run through some of the home counties lately. There seems good reason (says "Farm and Home") for the expectation that so far as the yield per acre is concerned the crop will be most satisfactory. Many fields present a very luxurious bottom growth, and if, as is believed, at least as large an area as usual of the grass land has been kept for haying, the crop should be a very large one. In the Thames valley the fields present a thick close growth, and an abundance of feed was evident on the grazing lands. _ _

The recent warm weather and welcome showers have done much to ensure a good growing season. Not only for farm crops, how- ever, but also for weeds, and here it is that much labour will be entailed this month that can ill be spared if root crops are to be kept clean. The horse-hoe will need to be used as often and as long as possible, but if not, hand- hoeing must be resorted to, for there is a great amount of truth in the adage that "one year's -seeding means seven years' weeding."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETING POTATOES.

The movement set on foot among the potato growers of Lancashire and Cheshire to secure a common undertaking among farmers,.to.send the, early potato crop to 4he market unsorted, is not supported by the merchants who, at the same time, are not disposed to regard the proposal as serious. In the "Preston Guar- dian" M. A. C. Bradshaw, of Messrs. B. Ball and Sons, Preston, characterises the proposal as ridiculous, and says he cannot imagine that it emanated from farmers with extensive crop- ping areas. The loss to the grower in the market value of unsorted potatoes would, he said, be out of all proportion to the little extra labour involved in picking. The riddling out of the seeds and chats from the ware' potatoes has always been regarded as a most important process, and it is a very common thing for merchants to insist on potatoes being put over a 2in. riddle. And where- the riddle is used there is not a good deal of work involved. There are sorting machines that will greatly economise labour.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEDS AND THEIR SUPPRESSION.

The Board of Agriculture desire to call the special attention of farmers to the great need for combating weeds, which are usually respon sible for heavy loss in the yield of crops. At the present time it is most important that the maximum yield of foodstuffs should be obtained from the land, and this can only be done by keeping the land free from weeds, and in a high state of cultivation, and by sowing pure seed of high germinating power. The present leaflet is devoted to a general consideration of weeds and their eradication.

• In this connection it may be remarked that in a memorandum issued last year by the Farmers' Club it is observed that, "The biggest waste in agriculture is caused by weeds. As a rule, weeds are permitted by bad farmers only, and a determined attempt, notwithitanding all difficulties, should be made to ;!,•et rid of the weeds so that the yield per acre of the crops we grow may attain the highest standard." Damage Done By Weeds.

The most serious objections to weeds may he stated as follows:

They absorb from the soil moisture and plant food which would otherwise go to nourish and increase the crop which is being cultivated. They " crowd " the crop, restricting the amount of light, heat and air necessary for healthy growth and for the proper assimilation of plant food. The effect is to hamper the growth of the plants during early life, especially in the case of crops of slow growth, while they prevent or retard ripening and drying, par- ticularly in the case of corn crops. The straw of cereals may be weakened and rendered liable to "lodge," thus making the work of cutting at harvest both difficult and expensive. Weeds, especially such climbing kinds as bind- weed and cleavers, hamper harvesting of corn crops, both as regards cutting and drying. Weeds interfere with, and render more ex- pensive, proper and thorough cultivation, and the " singling " of root crops. Weeds may harbour, 'or...favour the develop- ment of, insect and fUngns pests. The value of samples of cereals is reduced by the presence of cockle, garlic; cleavers, and wild vetch; the value of most farm seeds is lowered by the presence of the seeds of weeds; and the market value of hay and other farm produce is similarly reduced by certain weeds or their seeds.

Some weeds—e.g., garlic—taint the milk of cows which eat them, while others—e.g., meadow saffron and water hemlock—are poison- ous to stock generally.

Other weeds (dodder, broomrape, yellow rattle) are parasitic or semi-parasitic, and directly feed upon the crops they infest. The underground stems and roots of weeds may cause the stoppage of drains.

Most farmers recognise that it is impossible to obtain the best returns from the land when weeds are allowed to grow unchecked. Experi- ment has shown that on a properly weeded area of arable land the crop may be double that on an unweeded area; e.g., in one case mangolds, grown under otherwise exactly similar con- ditions on the same field, yielded 371 tons per acre where two hoeings were given, and only 161 tons where there was no weeding after singling.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE GARDEN.

CLAY DRESSING FOR LIGHT LAND.

In the garden the addition of clay to light, sandy soils does not, I think, receive the atten- tion it deserves. The value of a dressing of clayoto such soils, in many of which good crops cannot be grown, is very apparent. Some people run away with the idea that all that such poor soils require is plenty Of manure. This is a mistake, as sandy soils are very hungry, and manure does but little good. In- stead of manuring try a dressing of clay and note the difference when the crops come to maturity. The clay is beet wheeled on to the ground during the winter, f5O that tire- frost may have time to do its work. Not only in the kitchen garden, but also for beds and borders where the soil is dry and hot, a dresis- ing of clay will work wonders.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
DWARF NASTURTIUMS.

The town dweller who is fond of flowers is at a great disadvantage, as his window boxes and other receptacles are not only exposed to the full force of the sun and the heat radiating from the walls on all sides, but are affected by the fact,that the surrounding bricks dry up every particle of moisture. Under these con- ditions it is useless to plant many things that, given normal conditions, would do well, but which would be a failure in such surroundings. For such a purpose few things are so•useful as the Nasturtium, which, however hot the posi- tion may be, will hold its own and flower freely. For the A'asturtium the soil should not be too rich, as the plants flower all the better if the soil is on the poor side, while they do not suffer if the watering should be neglected. Sow the seeds where the plants are to flower, and should the seedlings be too thick it is an easy matter to thin them down to the necessary number.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
WASTE OF SEEDS.

A mistake all too 'often made is sowing seeds too thickly. This is not only a waste of seeds, for crowded rows are most unprofitable. 'Of course, sufficient seeds should be sown to allow a margin of losses due to the attacks of birds or slugs, but this is no reason why the seed- lings should come up so thickly that they spoil each other, and, in spite of an early thinning, jeopardise the crop. A word of advice may here be given. It is true, economy to purchase seeds from a reliable source, as the very cheap packets of seed are very often not true to name, are old, or badly ripened, and, however care- fully sown, disappoint,—" Wick," in "Farm and Home."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
On The Notice Board.

On the notice board of a church in a country town there appeared recently the following an- nouncements together:— A potato salad supper will be held on Satur- day evening.

Subject for Sunday morning's service: night of agony.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lIIIIE

===== 0002601_19160610_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLS.

WORKS AMATEUR ASSOCIATION.

War Fund Handicap.

The draw for the final stages of the War Fund Handicap follows, and the prizes will be presented at the close of to-day's play at the Horse and Jockey Inn. Some close games are expected. About five o'clock cheques will be handed to the Liberal and Conservative Women's Working Classes. A goodly sum has been raised.

2.0. R. Holbrook (P. & K.) 3, J. Craddock (C.L.) G. H. Holbrook (F.) 7, T. Boardman (W.) 6. R. Warburton (C) 5, Jack Clare (LW.) G. J. Bibby (C.L.) 4, bye. T. Allen (F.S.T.) 6, J. Andrews (0.T.) 5. W. Edwards (F.M.) 7, J. Woods, jun. (C.) C. A. Randle (F.) 3, J. Bartley (L.W.) 3. W. Massey (R.M.) 7, J, Spencer (P. & K.) 4.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
2.20.

W. Mulholland (C.A.) 4, G. Newton (C.A.) 5. J. Finnagan (R.M.) 6. J. Johnson (L.W.) G. S. Milner. jun. (W.) 6, J. Tilley (F.) 7. R. Billington (P. & K.) 7, J. Stafford (G.W.) 4. G. Mann (A.A.) 7, T. Leather (F.) 7. H. Hill (G.) 7, T. Dutton (P., & K.) 6. C. Jordan (C.L.) 2, T. Burgess (W.T.) 6. R. Stevens. jun. (P. & K.) 6, bye.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
2.40.

J. Armitage (P. & K.) 7, W. Rowlands (G. 8. 6. H. Houghton (G.W.) 4. W. Eckersley (W.) 5. T. Drew (L.C.) 3, W. Leigh (P. &K.) 6. W. Chamberlain (R.M.) 6, F. Lunt (H.T.) 5. J. Hebburd (G.W.) 6, F. Davenport (W.C.) 5. H. Bishop (P. & K.) 6, W. Shave (P.T.) 5. J. Webb (M.H.) 7, H. Green (S.H.C.) 4. J. Hardmax2. (,G.8.) 4, T. Moores (W.C.) 6.

3.0. G. Caddick (P. & K.) 4. W. Bridge (C.L.) 4. A. Jolley (R.) 4. T. Jones (W.C.) 5. T. Sutcliffe (W.C.) 6, W. Caddick (RAI.) 4. J. Fox (W.C.) 6, bye. J. Hands (C.) 5, P. Wilkinson (0.T.) 4. A. Savage (F.S.T.I 7, J. Sic Wall (P. & K.) 7. John Broadhurst (R.) 4, J. Willett (C.) 6. J. Titchard (W.) 5, W. Allen (S.H.C.) t.

ABBREVIATIONS.—A.A., Assurance Agents; A.R., Armitage and Rigby's; C., Orosfield'a; C.C.,, Con- servative Club; C.A., County Asylum; C.L., Cheshire Lines; F.-, Fletcher's; F.M., Firth Mat- tress; F.S.T., Fennel-street Tannery; G., Green- ing's; G.T., Grappenhall Tannery; G.8.T., Guest Bros.' Tannery; H.T., Howley Tannery; L.W., Longford Wire; L.C., Liberal Club; M.H., Monks, Hall; N., Naylor's; 0.T., Orford Tannery; P.P., Plumbers and Painters; P. & K., Pearson and Knowles; P.T., Penketh Tannery; R., Rylands's; R.M., Richmond's; R.8.T., Randall Bros.' Tannery; W. Walker's; W.R., Wire, Ropery; W.T., Warring- ton Tannery; W.C., Whitecross; 8.H., Bull's Head; K.Q., King and Queen; C.H., Cemetery Hotel; S.H.C., St. Helens Cable; 8.G., Bowling Green; M.W.L., Mersey White Lead; G.W., Glue Works.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
TANNERS AT BOWLS.

Penketli Beat Ilighfield Easily.

A bowling match was held on Saturday between Penketh Tannery and Highfield Tannery at Pen- keth. A very busy afternoon's work ensued, for Highfield Tannery turned up twenty-five strong. the Tannery duplicating to make up the equal number. Twenty-one up was the order of the day, but the home team were far too good for the visitors, who could only. count 340 against the Tan- nery's 485, The scores were:- Penketh.-Jack Bowyer 21, E. Ashton 21, H. Bowyer 21, T. Gregson 21, J. Bowyer 21. H. Glover i 6, J. Higham 21, J. Atkinson 21, T. Goulden 14, A. Bowyer 21, P. Thompson 20, Geff. Bowyer 11, W. Goulden 21. T. Jackson 12, J. Barlow 21, W. Shave 21, B. Houghton 21, W. E. Ashton 18. J. Hall 21, H. Glover 21. W. Shave 20, E. Ashton 21, A. Bowyer 21, J. Ingham 21, and W. E. Ashton 17. Highfield.-P. Hollowood 4, W. Tomlinson 14, J. Looker 2. H. Gibbons 9, C. Bradbury 18, H. Tom- linson 21, W. Looker 5, W. Chester 7, T. Woods 21, G. Bate 12, J. Goodier 21, E. Pendlebury 21, A. Tomlinson 14, G. Mowbury 21, J. Worral 8, W. Miller 9, E. Houghton 12, J. Thompson 21, G. Tom- linson 17, T. Bowden 7. H. Horton 21, A. Tomlin- son 14, E. Pendlebury 7, - Bagley 13, and E. Ashley 21.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
CALEDONIAN ASSOCIATION AND THE " DAVENPORT " CUP.

The first round of the handicap for the " Daven- port " Cup was played on the green of the Brook- lands Hotel on Tuesday evening, when a game of 21 up was arranged, the cup-holder, tir. J. Buchanan, being scratch, and points varying up 7 were allowed the various players. Result:—W. Mitchell (handicap 1) beat W. Murray (handicap 3), 21-14; J. Robertson (6) beat E. A. A. Clayton (7), 21-12; J. McDermid (7) beat W. Stirling (7), '2l-15; A. Robertson (2) beat J. Tennant (7). 21-16; J. Bennett (7) beat H. Bell (1) 21-19; G. Marshall (2) beat J. Fleming (5). 21-9; J. Hunter (7) beat G. Millar (7), 21-20; G. Bowman (2) beat A. J. Allen (5), 21-18; H. Leiner (1) beat P. H. Brown (5), 21-17; R. Walker (2) beat A. Love (4), 21-17. A bowling match will take place on the above green next Tuesday between the local Scotsmen and Padgate Bowling Club. White Heather Day has been fixed for Saturday, August 26th, when local charities will benefit. It is the wish of the Associa- tion that the total amount shall exceed last year's figures_

===== 0002601_19160610_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

RYLANDS'S RECS. V. ST. PAUL'S.

Played at Gorsey-lane on Saturday. Scores:— Rylands's Recs.—S. Carter b Mann 3, W. H. Bell c and b Allen 9, G. McGowan 13 Allen 3, E. P. Sanders b Mann 0. F. Horrocks b Mann 10, W. Whitlow b Allen 2, F. McKee b Allen 9, R. Chatter- ton b Lemon 2, J. Wrench c Brookes b Lemon 1, J. Deakin b Lemon 0, G. Johnson not out 1. extras 12; total 52. St. Paul's.—B. Taylor lbw b Carter 2. G. Mann b Carter 1. G. Whitfield b Carter 1, T. Allen c McKee b Bell 1. F. Lemon c Sanders b Bell 11, T. Knight c Horrocks b Bell 4, E. Forster b McGowan G. B. Brookes run ~out 2. E. H. Mann b Bell 1. F. Bingham b Bell 0, G. Duckworth not out 2, extras 2; total 33.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S MATCHES.

RYLANDS'S RECS. v._LORD DERBY MILITARY

HOSPITAL. This match will ho played at Winwick to-day, commencing at 2 P.m. . ,

Rylandsi- Recs. (seleciea fromj.t--E. P. Sanders (capt.), S. Carter. W. H. Bell, G. McGowan, F. Horrocks, W. Whitlow, F, McKee, R. Chatterton, J. Wrench, A. Bramhall, F. Jolley and J. Tracey. Players meet at Central Station at 1.15 p.m. prompt.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

I,VARRINGTON WORKING MEN'S ASSOCIATION.

N.A. CENTRE.

The result of the National Federation meeting at Leeds, on the Northern Anglers' proposition, re renting or loaning waters for stock fish, wati a very close thing. The voting was: First show of hands, eight for and eight against. The chairman decided upon another vote being taken, not caring to give a casting vote. Result: Nine for, eleven against. After hearing Mr. Lees' report we shall be sur- prised if some similar scheme does not carry at the meat meeting, he (Mr. Lees) pointing out that centres in the N.A. alone were prepared to spend a matter of 200 if they could buy healthy and size- able fish. •

As there was £44 collected over the amount re- quired for the two motor ambulances, the surplus will go in tackle for soldiers serving abroad. The question of the price of travelling cards to centres was not thrashed out. and_wilL cotha up at another meeting. _

The opening match from.headquarters on June 25th, at Aintree, seems to find favour amongSt mem- bers, and we hear there will be a useful lot of prizes. The Bay Horse is following the centre's lead and bringing their match forward. It is sug- gested to hold it on the second Saturday after the headquarter's match, in the Norton Canal, but this is not confirmed news as yet.

NOTICE. Club night at headquarters on Monday next for contributions, Scc. General meeting at Bay Horse Monday next at 7.30. Please attend, as there is an important agenda. A.S.

The Modern "innocent Young Girl." "Didn't. you feel pretty cheap, sitting there with a young and innocent girl at such a shock- ing play?" "I did. She had to explain a good many of the innuendoes before I was able to get them."

===== 0002601_19160610_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE COURTS.

DEFIED THE PRIEST.

Scotch 'Woman's Habits Lead To

Prosecution.

Prosecuting Mrs. Mary Hoey, of 20, Dale- street, for neglecting her six children, Mr. Arthur Browne, on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, said that the defendant was the wife of a furnace- man who worked at Whitecross Works, and was in the receipt of excellent wages. Before com- ing to Warrington about fifteen months ago, they lived at Moss End, Lanarkshire, and one of the clergy there had written that Mr. Hoey bore a very high character. Drink, however, had been the downfall of Mrs. Hoey, and the house was in a deplorable condition—filthy, and devoid of furniture, owing to Mrs. Hoey having pawned everything she could lay her hands on. There was no need for her to pawn anything, be- cause her husband gave her 325. and paid the rent each week. That she should be a victim of the drink was a source of great sorrow to her husband, who had remarked to one of the clergy that he "would give a fortune if he could change her habits.' In conclusion, Mr. Browne said that the defendant defied everybody, in- cluding the priest. Inspector Wainwright, of the N.S.P.C.C. and Detective-Sergeant Reddington, gave evidence confirming Mr. Browne's statement, and the magistrates adjourned the case for four weeks in the hope that the defendant would improve.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
ROPE MANUFACTURER

Fined For Assaulting Member Of Board Of Guardians.

A business friend for many years. George Allen, a member of the Board of Guardians, and of the firm of Messrs. George Allen and Sons, of Ellesmere-street, prosecuted at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, Joseph Craik, a rope manufacturer; of Grey-street, for common asasult.

Mr. T. S. Steel, who appeared for the com- plainant, said the defendant suffered from illusions owing to his habit of drinking, and had made certain allegations against his wife, saying that she was too familiar with Mr. Allen and, as a consequence, Mrs. Craik rang up Mr. Allen and asked him to come next day and refute the aspersions. As there was not the slightest foundation for the suggestion either re- garding Mr. Allen or anybody else. Mr. Allen went to the house and, on his arrival, Mr. Craik grasped him by the neck with both hands and endeavoured to strangle him, holding him for several minutes. Mr. Allen then rushed out of the house and informed his brother. Mr. Allen's firm, concluded Mr. Steel, had done work for the defendant for a great number of years, and it was most unfair and cowardly on the part of the defendant to act in the way he did when the complainant went to meet the charges made.

Evidence in support was given by Mr. Allen and Mrs. Craik, and then Mr. Arthur Browne, for the defence, said the defendant did not agree that he asked Mrs. Craik to send for Mr. Allen. When the latter came and saw that Mrs. Craik was not in the room he turned to bolt for the door and the defendant got hold of him to detain him. That was all. Mr. Browne added that he made no charge against Mrs. Craik or Mr. Allen. Fine: 205., and an advocate's fee.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLDIERS' WIVES' RENT ARREARS.

Applications To Distrait' Refused By

Magistrates.

The wives of two of our local soldiers appeared to answer summonses -against their husbands at the Police Court on Wednesday, before Mr. J. W. -Hayward:, (in the chair). -Arrears of rent was the cause of the trouble, and an application by the agent of the properties was made to ills- train.

One of them, with five young children, whose husband is .in the National Reserve, it was stated was in receipt of an Army allowance of 275. 6d. per week, and had failed to pay her rent of 4s. weekly. During the last two months she had only paid 55., and the arrears totalled £2 Is. id.

Defendant informed the collector that she had been advised by the authorities at Parr Hall not to pay the rent if she could not afford it. On inquiry this statement was found to be in- correct, as the officials were of the opinion that she could pay the rent regularly. The Chairman: Are you prepared to make any offer?

Defendant: What can you do out of 275. Cd. with five little children? After paying my way I have only 2s. left. The collector said it was a case of considerable importance, as the Government allowance was paid in full, yet they were unable to obtain the rent. They would have to pay ground rent, rates and other taxes.

The Magistrates' Clerk (Mr. G. White): Can YOU not put her in as tenant? As the husband has been away twelve months they could not get at him.

The application was refused by the magis- trates, but the defendant was advised by the magistrates to pay the rent regularly. In the second case the circumstances were somewhat similar, but the amount of arrears was £4. The woman admitted to the collector that it cost her 3s. weekly to send cigarettes to her husband. In the opinion of the collector there appeared to be unnecessary extravagance. Before the husband joined the Army it was stated that they .were not very exemplary tenants.

The application to distrain was refused.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
FINED FOR CATCHING WILD BIRDS.

Two linnets and, a red-pole chirped merrily in the County Sessions Police Court on Wed- nesday, whilst their owner, John Webb, of 96, Liverpool-road, appeared to answer a charge of catching wild birde• during' the prohibited season- The birds in Court Were used as a " decoy " by the defendant when bird catching on the river bank near Sankey. Inspector Dee, of the N.S.P.C.A., stated that on May 10th he saw the defendant crouching behind some bushes which had been smothered with bird lime twigs. Three birds in cages were placed near the bushes in order to lure other members of the feathered tribe. Defend- ant said he had caught three redpoles, but had liberated them. A fine of 15s. was imposed.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
WARNING TO STONE-THROWERS.

The damage to telephone insulators by boys throwing stones on the Cheshire Lines Railway was estimated at over £3O during the hearing of a case at the Juvenile Court on Wednesday, when seven boys were fined for wilful damage. A Sunday or two ago a kite belonging to one of the boys was caught in the telephone wires on the railway. In the attempt to release it the boys threw stones and a number of insu- lators were damaged in consequence. P.C. Joynson, of the Chehire Lines Police, saw .the affair and caught one of the boys, who gave the names of the others. It was stated that during the past nine weeks no less than 1,000 insulators had been broken, which had to be replaced by the railway com- pany at a cost of ninepence each. Apart from the damage: the boys -ran great risk by tres- passing. on- the railway property. Six of the boys were fined ss„ and the other, .who was working, had. to pay 78. Gd.

ENCOURAGING YOUTHFUL GAMBLERS. Six youths,- named Mitchell, Farrington, Far- rington, Sinnett, 0. Day and Fleming, all resid- ing in the neighbourhood of Ileatan-square, were summoned at the Police Court on Wednesday fof playing " banker " with cards for money.— Detective Turner, who effected their capture on Saturday afternoon, May 27th, said the defend- ants were playing on the doorstep at the rear of the houses in the square. The parents of the boys appeared to take no notice of them, and allowed gambling to go on.-0. Day and Sinnctt were each fined 7s. 6d. and the others ss. each.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLBOYS AS CRACKSMEN.

Two Warrington schoolboys have been tryipg their hand as "amateur cracksmen," and have received four strokes with the birch rod for their adventure in that direction. Whether their ideas were, assimilated, from pernicious

===== 0002601_19160610_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
lit ,41' T f I. !.. I , . , ~t

===== 0002601_19160610_art0156.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19160610_art0157.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19160610_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
SALES BY AUCTION

phYLOR, Cl a • CO., AUCTIONEERS AND VALUERS, ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENTS, 15, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON: 'Sales by Auction, Valuations for Probate, Sale, or Mortgage, Rents Collected. Tel. No. 228.

T" WARRINGTON EXAMINER SERIES OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES :- THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER.

THE RUNCORN EXAMINER. THE WIDNES EXAMINER. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON, EXAMINER. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER. 'PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS OF THE " WANTED " AND "ON SALE" CLASS ARE INSERTED IN ALL THE ABOVE MENTIONED NEWSPAPERS FOR ONE CHARGE ON THE FOLLOWING SCALES:-

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16.. 6d. .. Is. Bd. .. 2s. Od. 9d. 24 .. 9d. .. Is. 10d. .. Bs. Od. ss. Od. 82 ls. Od. .. 2s. 6d... 4a. Od. .. 7s. 6d. 40 .. is. Bd. .. Sc. id. se. Od. .. Ss. 9d. ' 48.. 1..6d. .. Se. Bd. .. 6s. Od. .. 10s. Os.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants.

BLACKPOOL.-- All 'classes of Servants Wanted; Blackpool. St. Anne's and Lytham; enclose stamp.—Belect Registry, 91, Church-street, Blackpool.

OK-GENERAL Wanted; good references; economical; early riser; six-1n family; house- parlourmaid and nurse kept —Mrs. Blofeld, Princi- pal's House, Saltley Collage, Birmingham.

00K-GENERAL Wanted; easy house to follow; no cellars or attic; wages £24.-181, 11°4,y-street, Bradford.

COOk-GEiiff.RAL, Warrington; family two; wages £24; Housemaids. Waitresses. Superior Generals.—Miss Hudson, 27, Church-street, War- rington. .

COOK-GENERAL (young) Wanted; state age, experience and reference.—Apply McCallum, Eildon, Bramhall, Cheehie. _ .

. . ii,,, i DOMESTIC HELP Wanted; fond children; good hams; experienced; references; Sale die- liberal outings.—Apply Way. Brook Villa, -avenue. Sale. .

trict ;

SERVANT (experienced) Wanted; small iamily.—Apply Mrs. Newstead. Ruff- late, Ormskirk.

GENERAL (good) Wanted; good wages to a suitable person.—Walker, Glenburn. Bo:e- -nough. GENERAL SERVANT Wanted at once, age 20 to 30; £18; sleep in; no registry.-1. Elm- road, Seaforth. Liverpool. _ _

_ GENERAL (good) Wanted.—Apply Mrs. John- soot Hotel.. Hindley. Wigan. iffINIA/A1 (experienced) Wanted for C4an- k7upany House. Southp_ort, age about 25; good reference.—Write Miss Holmes. 65. Bath-street, Southport.

.4ERAL Wanted; plain cooking; wages £2O; charwoman help,- washing put out.—Mrs. Monks. 1. Prince's-avenue, 'West Kirby.

- - _ GENERAL Wanted, able to wash; 2in family; no cooking; £lS.—Miss Law. Mosa-road. Unnaton. _ _

GENERAL. (good) Wanted; another kept.— Apply Eckersley. George and Dragon. King- street, Leigh.

GENERAL (strong) Wanted at once, age 16 to 24; three, in family; ,good wages.—Apply Mrs. Kiviax. 3, Christ Church-terrace, Accrington. 18-207-WititidT-for housework only; no children: good references; outings daily.—Apßly- Mrs. Judson, Glen May, Amherst- road, Withington, Manchester. _ _ _

_ GENERAL (smart) Wanted; 2 in family; I'2o. Shillito,_Barway House, Edge-lane, Chorlton. cum-HardyM ‘. anchester. GENERAL (good) Wanted; able to do plain cooking; good references.—Apply Matron, Cottage Hospital, Shifnal, Salop. eflßL—(resijectible) Wanted, age 18 to 20 years, as General.; three in family; nice district and good home to suitable person.-4, Darley-road. Sey- mour Grove, Old Trafford, Manchester.

- - - _ TTOUSEMAID-WAITRESS Wanted at once; -JAL wages £2O; good references.-10. Devonshire- place, Claughton, Birkenhead.

-Er ITCHENMAID Required; wages commence 11. at £2O per annum, with board, lodging, wash- ing, and uniform—Apply in first instance by latter only, to the Superintendent, County Asylum, Prest- wich..Manchester.

TWO GIRLS Wanted immediately for a private house: one boy aged seven.—Apply, with references and particulars, Mrs. Briggs, St. Ives, Morecambe

yOUNG WOMAN (strong) Wanted; able to milk and make herself generally useful on farm.—Apply Great Fold Farm. Tottmgton, near Bury, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
Education.

10140YS' AND GIRLS' SCHOOLS. TUTORS FOR ARMY AND ALL EXAMS. Messrs. J. and J. Paton, having an intimate, UMQUE, and up-to-date knowledge of the BEST SCHOOLS and TUTORS in this country, will be pleased to AID PARENTS in their choice by sending (free of charge) prospectuses and TRUST- WORTHY INFORMATION regarding ESTAB- LISHMENTS which can be THOROUGHLY RECOMMENDED. The age of the pupil, district preferred, and rough idea of fees should be given. J. and J. PATON, Educational Agents, 143, Cannon Street. London, E.C.

LEARN FRENCH BY CORRESPONDENCE With a French Professor living in France. Trial Lesson Free. ED. CALTSSARIEU, 156, Place de l'Abattoir, Bordeaux. France. QINGING.—Unique postal Tuition, old Italian Mathod.—Loraine. 14. Hanover-st., London. W. TOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from Car Terminus.) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten, Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, exten- sive ground and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great successes in examinations. Prospectus, references and views on application to MISS PARTINGTON. Principal.

111 HE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL, WARRING- TON.—Day and Boarding School for Girls. Kindergarten and Preparatory School for Boys. —Princtpal, Miss DRING. L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff in eludes BA. and L.B.A.M. Summer Term begins May 3rd.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

S.A. AIR GUN Wanted, cash, or in ex- L• change for Silver Luminous e7ial Wristlet Watch, cost 50/-.—Bosby, 74, Bath-street, Birming- ham

GENTLEMAN Requires Board-Residence; high and open situation; Warrington or im- mediate vicinity (country house).—Particulars "0.." 71, Marlborough-road, Upper Holloway. London, N.

Jl_ Ay and CLOVER.—Wanted, several Ricks, for packing purposes, for prompt cash.— Neiwton, Mail. Longton. Staffs.

, ROWNTREE'S and Cadbury's Cocoa Coupons Wanted for Cash.—J. Denton Robinson, 11, Laingholm-erescent, Darlington. riIECOND-lIAND PIANOS Wanted; state price and particulars.-62, St. Mary-street, War- gton.

WANTED, Chairs, Tables, Sofas, Bedroom V V Suites, Pianos, Wringers, and all classes of Furniture and other Effects. Prompt cash and high- est prices given.—Bootle Auction Rooms, 76-78, Jititnley-road, Bootle, Liverpool. Warrington and district visited twice weekly.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
Shops, Businesses, &c.

BUSINESS PREMISES.—Wanted, in princi- pal shopping centre, good double-fronted Shop, with 251 t. to 40ft.- frontage. Occupation required within three months.—Full particulars to Box 6, " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

FOR SALE, excellent old-established Tobacco- nist. News, and Jeweller, with Hairdressing Saloon; lock-up'; doing good steady trade; business taught; special reasons for selling; rare opportu- nity; takings £4O weekly; about £4OO required.— Apply J. Green, 76. Wallgate, Wigan. TO BE SOLb by private treaty as a going concern, the old-established Timber Mer- chant's Business carried on by the late James Ken- worthy, deceased, at Brown-street and BewseY- street. Warrington.—Apply to Robert Davies and Co., Solicitors, Market-place, Warrington.

.For Hire. • FOR Hiitt, PONT. with light Lorry or spring Cart. and .Youth. by week, day_or hour.—A. McConnell ,'96, Buttermarketpstreet, Warrington.

_ , FURNISHED Bedroom and Sitting-room; , i Warrington, central; suit married couple; bath,. w.c.,, &c.—Write K 6, " Examiner " Office, , Warrington.

=

Motor Vehicles.

STRAKEIi-SQUIRE, 4 and 5 ton Commercial Vehicles; immediate delivery.—Agents: The Lancashire Motor and Engineering Co., Ltd., 66, Bridge-street, Manchester; Fishergate, Preston. MOTOR fiIaRRY, magnificent chassis, fitted with body, our build, immediate delivery, cash or easy terms.—Marston, 24, Bradford-street, Biz-

MEW BRIGHTON.—Mrs. Holt, Bolton Cafe. II 6. West View. overlooking Marine Park and sea.—Apartments.

ST.. ANNES, Ivy Dene, 62, St. Andrew's-road. South: Comfortable Apartments: Phblic and Private—Mrs. Greenhalgh and Miss Riding.

riSALE, Freehold Ground Rents, ranging from £6 to Xl5O. well secured. Warrington district.—Write Box K.. " Examiner " Office. War- rington.

QIIOPICEEPERS.-Id. shampoo powders, best kJ quality. 7/- grosa.—Moreton. 65. Delaford-road, S.E.

Medical.

Money.

£2O to £5,000 on Note of Hand to All Classes.

FOR COMMERCIAL PRINTING. GO TO

THE EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON'.

Tn. 355 r.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0163.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0164.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0110110,„

===== 0002601_19160610_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
, -

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1916.

Situations Vacant.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRIBUNALS.

ONE LOCAL SITTING THIS HEARD AT LIVERPOOL. WEEK.

Only one sitting of the Borough Tribunal was held this week—on Tuesday, when the time was chiefly occupied in dealing with claims on busi- ness grounds. The members of the Tribunal present were the Deputy Mayor, who presided over the main portion of the proceedings, Messrs. F. A. Frost, J. J. Whitley and W. Brad- bury. Did Not Want to be a Laughing Stock.

A single young man in business on his own account, who stated that there was no one de- pendent upon him at home, appealed on busi- ness grounds. Since the last hearing he had failed to dispose of his business. Apart from his appeal he was not fit for military service, as'he had no hair on his head. He would look nice in uniform and would be a laughing stock. —The Clerk (Mr. A. T. Hallaway) : You are not going butting. (Laughter.)—Applicant: It does not matter about butting. I have to be looked at, haven't I? It is no laughing matter. He further stated he would not care if he could sell the business, but he could not.—The Chairman (Dr. Joseph): That is the only hardship in the case.—Applicant: What am I to do when I come back again? It has taken me six years to build up the business, and it would be ruined.—Two months' exemption was granted, to be regarded as final. He was told to appeal within three days if he was dissatisfied with the decision. Single Men's Domestic Responsibilities.

The domestic responsibilities of a single young man, who claimed that his father had not worked for 20 years, and that he was the sole support, next -occupied the attention of the Tribunal. He was the proprietor of an Aunt Sally stall.—The appeal was refused, the appli- cant being advised that the new regulations would enable him to remove any hardship in his case.

A similar case was heard, in which a single young man claimed to be the support of his aged parents, his father being an invalid. If he had to go it was not financial hardship alone, but the fact that his parents were not able to look after themselves very well.—The Chair- man: You could not look after them whilst at work.—Applicant: I know they would grieve if I had to go.—The claim was disallowed, appli- cant being informed that for any hardship he would be able to appeal under the new regula- tions. _

===== 0002601_19160610_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
Milk Dealers' Difficulties.

Mr. Jacob Sankey, jun., appealed in respect of their only male employe engaged in the milk business, a married man- with three children. He understood it was a reserved occupation.— The Clerk: That is wrong; it was altered two months ago.—Continuing, Mr. Sankey said they could not do without one man in the business. Lifting tankards of milk, usually weighing about one cwt., was not a position for a woman. They had three employes before the war, but two, aged 19 and 32 respectively, left to go into munition works. They were situated rather differently from other milk dealers. They did not do the heavy work themselves or look after the • three horses.—Captain Mathams: Why?— Mr. Sankey: I have another business to look after and spend three hours each day with the milk business. There is no other male employe. If we could do without him we would not appeal for him: About eighteen months ago we adver- tised for a man and tried two or three, but they were not satisfactory. Married men over mili- tary age will not leave their present employ- ment unless they are guaranteed a permanent job. If men are released for the Army we like to leave their job open until they return.—Two months' exemption was granted, with the advice that a substitute should be found.

Long Working Days in a Long Week.

A wholesale newsagent and tobacconist, mar- ried, with one child, appealed on btsiness and domestic grounds. His wife had been an in- valid for four years. She was, a cripple and could not walk without the aid of sticks.—Con- ditional exemption granted, and applicant was asked to join the Volunteer Training Corps.— Applicant: I work sixteen hours per day and seven days to the week. If I joined I would have to get someone in the shop' whilst I am away.—The Chairman: You would put more than sixteen hours per day in the Army.— Applicant': I will do my best. , Greengrocer's Appeal. The business appeal of a wholesale gretn- grocer was adjourned for a fortnight.—The ap- plicant stated that his assistant, for whom he appealed, was called up last week; but had been rejected as unfit. He could not manage the business in his absence, as he was no scholar. Tribunal's Thanks for Advice.

A single man, with a widowed mother and a delicate sister, who appealed on domestic grounds, informed the Tribunal that he thought as he had been passed for home service only, he would be doing better service for his country by staying at home and looking after his mother. There are " tons " of men in the barracks who would be only too pleased to go abroad.—The Chairman: We are not here to discuss that.— Applicant: I think you ought to do.—The Chairman: We are much obliged for that sug- gestion.—One month's exemption was granted so that a doctor could appear to give evidence as to the condition of the applicant's sister.

Conditional Exemption.

Conditional exemption was granted a whole- sale fruit and potato salesman, who has been in business on his own account for eighteen years.—Mr. T. S. Steel appeared for the appel- lant, who stated that formerly he had five drivers, and all had joined the Colours. He was now left on his own to carry on the busi- ness. Another brother joined the Army last week, and applicant had undertaken to assist his wife in the carrying on of his business dur- ing his absence. Tribunal Want as Many Men as Possible. Mr. T. S. Steel, on behalf of Messrs. John Toft and Sons, bakers, Bridge-street, applied for the exemption of two married employes, engaged as horse-keeper and driver respectively. It was pointed out that since the outbreak of war three drivers had joined the forces, and they had re- placed them by engaging boys of sixteen years of age. In the case of the horse-keeper, it was his duty to clean and harness the horses, because the boys were unable to do it. The second em- ploye, a driver, had been with the firm for nine- teen years. The Chairman: If the other vans can be driven by boys, why cannot you pursue the policy to its conclusion? Mr. Steel explained that the man also carted flour and other goods from the station. As the firm did their own carting before the war, the railway company declined to undertake it now they were pressed for men. The Chairman: Could you not spare one of these men? You know the position the Tri- bunal are in. We want to get as many men for the Army as possible and justly as we can. Mr. Steel said his client had made great sacri- fices, and he was .not going to press the Tri- bunal unduly. With regard to the driver, they were prepared to make an endeavour to replace him.

Conditional exemption was granted to the horse-keeper and one month's exemption for the driver.

Messrs. Carter and Son's Claims.

Messrs. Carter and Son, bakers, confectioners, corn and flour dealers, Bridge-street, obtained conditional exemption for three bakers, the shop manager, and the hoistman in the ware- house. Two months' exemption was granted to two confectioners, and three months' to a motor van driver. An appeal in respect of a baker was refused, as he is a single man be- low the minimum age for exemption.

The Chairman Oh:. F. A. Frost), in announc- ing the decision, said they had given all pos- sible weight to the record of the firm in the matter of recruiting. It was stated that the firm had 26 men of military age prior to the outbreak of war, and now they had only 15. The only director of military age had received a commission in the Army. The Tribunal suggested that it might be possible to train women as confectioners.

Warrington Market Prices. At Wedro.sday's Warrington Market We price of wheat ruled at 7s. 3d. to 7s. 4d. per 701 b., and 4s. 4d. to 4s. 6d. was realised for oats. Flour realised 425. 6d. to 475. 6d. Per 2801 b., 2s. Id. to 2s. sd. being the price of thirds. The price of bran and other offals was Is. 53d. to Is. Bd.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
Appeals By Business Men And Military Authorities.

R.S.P.C.A. INSPECTOR TO GO.

Several Warrington appeals were heard at Liverpool on Thursday afternoon, the Lord. Mayor presiding. Some were made by em- ployers and men themselves; while not a few were put forward by the military representa- tive. _ _

It was the latter who appealed against the decision of the Warrington Local Tribunal in granting conditional exemption to the War- rington and district inspector under the R.S.P.C.A. Mr. Steel appeared for the society.

The appeal was on ground that the inspector was engaged in purely normal pre- ventive work of patrolling streets for cases of cruelty and his services in the Army would be much more valuable at the present time. The local Tribunal were of opinion that the work of the society was one which should not be allowed to drop. _ .

Mr. Steel pointed out that 50 per cent. of the inspectors of the society had joined the Army, and those who were left were doing double work.

The Military Representative: In the present stress it could be done by the police and special constables. Mr. Steel: These inspectors have had a veterinary training. My client has a very ex- tensive district round Warrington. Private individuals will make reports to him more readily than they will to the police. The Lord Mayor: We allow this appeal. We think he would be more useful in the Army. Tradespeople Support Motor Mechanic.

William J. Lake appealed on behalf of a Motor mechanic. Mr. T. S. Steel explained that Mr. Lake carried on a motor taxi busi- ness, being also a repairer of motor cars and vehicles. The mechanic was the only one he had, his other two having joined the Army. This one was altogether indispensable. He did 'a great deal of repairing, especially of commercial vehicles, and for the past three months had been engaged in looking after Cor- poration motor 'buses. The Lord Mayor intimated that the War- rington Tribunal explained that they had al- ready given conditional exemption to Mr. Lake. Mr. Lake pointed out that owing to the shortage of men women were being more and more employed on commercial vehicles, and, consequently, the drivers were not so handy at repairs and brought them to his (Mr. Lake's) premises to be put right. Mr. Steel produced a letter signed by several tradespeople in the town, declaring that they would be much inconvenienced if they could not get their repairs done by Mr. Lake. Conditional exemption was granted. A Contracting Carter.

Mr. Arthur Browne represented Messrs. Joseph Caldwell and Sons, carters, of Win- wick-street, in appealing for a son, aged 23 years of age. The firm were under contract to cart for a large tannery company, and the secretary had sent a letter stating that the man was indispensable to their output. In answer to the Lord Mayor, it was stated that there were four sons, one of whom had enlisted, another was engaged on munitions, and another had been permanently injured in an accident.—The appeal was dismissed.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
A Month's Extension.

Supporting the appeal of Mr. William Mason, 33, .Orford-lane (property repairer, rent• col- lector and coffin maker) for his only employe, Mr. W. B. Forshaw said that Mr. Mason had broken a leg, and, complications having set in, it would be three -months before ,he could get about. Before the war -began Mr. Mason em- ployed two men and a boy, and the young man he had left was necessary to keep the business together, especially while Mr. Mason was ill. It was ,admitted that most of the work con- sisted of collecting rents, and this the local Tribunal considered could be dote: by .Older men or women.

The military representative mentioned that Mr. Mason had two sons making_ munitions.

Mr. Forshaw : Both are married.

The local Tribunal- had granted exemption until the 30th June, which. the Appeal Tribunal extended to the 31st July. Horse Slaughterer's Temporary Exemption.

An exemption of two nionths was given a carter in the employ of the Warrington Pro- ducts Company. A representative explained that it was the man's duty to shoot condemned cattle and bring them to the premises. He could not be replaced. The company was so short-handed—it only had seven men left—that part of their plant stood idle. In reply to the military representative the company's manager was understood to say that on an average seventeen horses were slaught- ered every week in Warrington and district. If this man goes, are you going to give up horse slaughtering?—l shall have to do.

Exempted for tN.i:o months. "Try to get some- body," advised the Lord Mayor.

Decision Reversed.

The local Tribunal having allowed an employe of Messrs. J. Pendlebury and Co. three months' respite, the military representative appealed. It was stated that the man was 29 years of age, had worked with the firm for 15 years, was a. traveller and bookkeeper in the coal depart- ment, and assisted the manager of the house furnishing department. ' The military repre- sentative pointed out that out of nine men in the business, two only were of serviceable age: Mr. Fred Pendlebury said that he had a large coal business, having to deal with from three to four hundred waggons per month. There was only one man left to look after the furnish- ing shop. • Military representative's appeal allowed. Army Relief Man not Arrived.

Benjamin Cross, butcher, of 2, Corporation- street, appealed, through Mr. T. S. Steel, against the refusal of exemption to his son, who is a journeyman butcher and slaughterman. Prior to the ivar the appellant had two men, two youths, and a casual workman, but after the outbreak of war the two men left, and subse- quently the two youths went away. The appel- lant now only had the attested man, a casual workman and a boy left. Appellant had been under medical treatment since July. Two days of each week he had to go out of town buying live meat for slaughter.

The local Tribunal, in refusing the applica- tion, stated that the son was 20 years of age, and were of opinion that in a case like that the age should be a deciding factor. Mr. Steel added that the son assisted in the killing. There was no public abattoir in War- rington. • The Military Representative (to appellant): What happened to the ex-soldier butcher sent you from the recruiting office? ' Mr. Cross: He never arrived! Appeal dismissed. Decision Confirmed Regarding Plumber. •

The appeal of a plumber and decorator (mar- ried with one child) was dismissed. Before the war he had two men and two boys, but he could not get any now, and wanted to keep the busi- ness going on his own, though he was working under difficulties. The local Tribunal had re- fused his application for exemption on the ground that the business was very small, and there would be little difficulty in working the business up again. The Appeal Tribunal con- firmed their decision.

Memorial Service.' A most impressive memorial service for three members of St. Paul's Church Lads' Brig/tie who have met their deaths while serving their country, namely, corporal J. Renshaw, Bugler W. Gibson, and Private George Hart, was held at St. Paul's Church on Sunday morning. Despite the inclement weather there was an at- tendance e over 100 lads, comprising the St. f Paul's and St. Elphin's Companies. The officers in charge were Major J. Brookes, Captain F. Bunch, and Lieutenant N. Morris. The drums were massed before the altar, and the Union Jack placed over them. The Rev. E. Downham conducted the service, and also preached on the words ." Be thou Aztithful unto death and I will give thee a crown of life." Special hymns were sung, and suitable prayers offered. After the blessing the "Last Post" was sounded and the National Anthem sung.

'

happened whilst I was away. It is a very great blow to me, as he was a very good pal. All the platoon are also very sorry." Private Forsyth, who is 18 years of age, was formerly employed at Guest's Tannery, Win- wick-street. He was educated, at Silver-street School, and was a member of St. Peter's Church Young Men's Bible Class.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
BROTHERS DIE FOR THEIR COUNTRY.

News has reached Mr. and Mrs. F. Broad- hurst, 31, Wellington-street, that two of their .sons—Private John Broadhurst, of the Seaforth Highlanders, and Private James Broadhurst, of the Scottish Borderers—have met their death while serving their country. The first- named died in hospital on 29th May from dysentery, whilst James is officially reported to have met his death on the 25th September. He had been reported missing from that date, until his parents received an official message a week or two ago. Private John Broadhurst, who was "23 years of age, enlisted in September, 1914. He had been previously employed by the Vernon- street Tanning Company. He was educated at the National Day School and was an enthu- siastic follower of football.

Private James Broadhurst, who was 18 years of age, was formerly employed by the Rich- mond Gas Stove and Meter Company at their Grappenhall Works. He also was educated at the Church-street Schools.

Another brother, Private H. Broadhurst, formerly belonged to the local Territorials. He was wounded and gassed in the severe fighting in June, and was afterwards dis- charged as medically. unfit.

===== 0002601_19160610_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
WOUNDED.

CORPOR 1L SAM REYNOLDS.

Wounded In The Left Hand By Shrapnel Bullets.

Corporal Samuel Reynolds, King's Royal Rifles, son of Mr. G. N. and Mrs. Reynolds, 117, Marsh House-lane, has been wounded for the second time, and is now in the 3rd Canadian General Hospital in France. Corporal Cecil' Fleming, of the K.R.R., writing to Mrs. Reynolds last Saturday, said that her son had been slightly wounded in the left hand that morning. The bullet made a nasty gash, but he had had every attention, and there was no need to worry. , "All the boys in his company will miss him very much," says the letter. Rifleman Frank V. Wood, also of the same company, writes to say he left Sam quite fit and well in the trenches on Friday, but on Saturday he learnt that he had had three fingers of his left hand injured by shrapnel. "It seems very 'strange," he adds, "being the first time either of us has been in the trenches without the other. I was sent out to go through a seven days' bombing course. . . . I have lost an excel- lent chum, and do not like the idea of rejoining my company and not finding cheerful old Sam waiting for me." The hospital chaplain, writing on Monday,

>

N :/

===== 0002601_19160610_art0172.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
<

===== 0002601_19160610_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
El

RAiLWAY FARE ALLOWED.

Printed and published by John Walker and Co• Z(Warrington) Limited, at the EXAII24IIII neral Printing Works, Bewsey-street. wAr; rington; also published by them _11; EXAMINIM Offices, 2, Victoria-road, w 32. George-street, St. Helens; 3.3farket4tro Earlestown, all in the County of LancaetOri and at Church-street BUne°llll in the of Chester.

===== 0002601_19160610_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
STATHAM FESTIVAL. rtWHIT MONDAY, JUNE 12th, 1916. E FIFTH ANNUAL STATHAM kr, FESTIVAL will be held as usual on WHIT 4,,YIIIDAY, June 12. The Procession, headed by the ..3tA.PPENHALL SUBSCRIPTION BRASS BAND .leave ZCross Brow Statham, at 1 o'clock, pro- via Booths Hill through the Village, round iNe,eross, and returning by Lymm Station to the VA d by Statham Crossing, where the usual MAY- „LE PLAITING, GARLAND DANCING, V take plate. rA WILL BE SERVED in the SCHOOL about io°,l.lr o'clock. ZgIZES to the CHILDREN and OLD PEOPLE afterwards be distributed on the Field; followed 11 a. repetition of the Maypole and Garland ene Ing' e Band will then play for fa PUBLIC DANCING r tile remainder of the evening- ADMISSION TO FIELD, 3d. F. LOCKYER.

TOBACCO FUND FOR THE 27.11) 4TH .1 4T SOUTH LANCS. AT THE FRONT. 8. d. Amount previously acknowledged 4,55 4 4 Pearson & Knowles Coal & Iron Co., Ltd., 26th contribution ,e 461 14.4

PRISONERS OF WAR FUND. s. d. Amount previously acknowledged ll6l 11 4 Emp. A. Greenhalgh & Co., 4th con 4 4 0 Pearson & Knowles Coal & Iron Co., Ltd., 26th contribution Mrs. De B. Fox ' 2 0 0 Emp. N. Greening & Sons, Ltd., 29th contribution County Clare Prisoners of War Aid Committee, 6th contribution A few Members, Warrington Academy, Bth contribution Misses Clark-Jervoise, 7th con. Warrington and District Assurance Workers, per Mr. R. J. Bird, Bth contribution Staff, St. Helens Cable & Rubber Co., Ltd., 3rd contribution Inion Tanneries, Ltd. 12th con. 1 0 0 Emp. Longford Gas Works, con. 019 2 Typists at Monks, Hall & Co., Ltd OlO 0 M.A. & K. Brown. 6/-; Pattern Shop, Fletcher, Russell & Co.: Ltd. (11th) 5/6'; Standards 5. 6 & 7, Beamont Girls' School (39/40). 10/-; scholars of Heathside School, 416; Bridge- street Box, £1 3s. 2d.; Market? Gate ' Box, 5/8; Annie Davies, 51- £1,682 10 0 Contributions for week ending Juno 9th, £2l 4s. Bd. CONTRIBUTIONS to Ike various RELIEF FUNDS may be sent tFTHE MAYOR, or to Mr. John Fairhurst, Bank Rouse, Warrington.

Legal Notices. do.. MILLER? Deceased.—All persons hay- Claims against the Estate of John Miller, • of Lunab Brook, Grappenhall, in the County t' Chester. deceased, are requested to send par- ileUlars thereof to the undersigned, and all persons triebted to the said Estate are requested to pay same to us forthwith. kiated the 6th day of June, 1916. FORSHAW & FORSHAW, 16, Suez-street, Warrington, Solicitors for the Executors. TILE COMPANIES ACTS. 1908 AND 1913. ...IN THE MATTER OF THE MERSEY FISH aLEAL AND GLUE COMPANY, LIMITED. • P (In Voluntary Liquidation.) on). ltrsuant to Section 188 of The Companies (Con- (4l4.sation) Act, 1908, NOTICE IS HEREBY haa.„"4ll that alieeting of the Creditors of the above- 7ed Company will be held at the Office of Messrs.' bert Davies and Co.. Solicitors. Ymirket-place, riogton at 3 o'clock in the afternoon on •Zunesday,. the 21st day of June. 1916. "'tecl this 6th day of June, 1916. P. FISHER, DAVIES & Liquidator. 1/"EnT CO.. karket-place, Warrington. Solicitors. erCiIitPXNIES ACTS, 1908 AND 1913. THE MATTER OF THE MERSEY FISH "14-mAL AND GLUE COMPANY, LIMITED. (In Voluntary Liquidation.) • t,"'J•ICE 15 TTRREBY GIVEN that the Creditors e above-named Company, which is being volun- titC4r Wound up. are required on or before the 7th boY of July, 1916. being the day fixed for that pur- bY the undersigned Liquidator, to send their and addresses and the particulars of their ,8 or dahlia, and the names and addresses of loie.lj solicitors (if any), to the undersigned, Paul 4, i of Roselea, Sutton Weaver, near Warring- tsql.‘us Liquidator of the said Company, and f so 41-ed by notice in writing from the said bz.„3„ll'clator are by their solicitors to come in and b10,,6 their said debts or claims at such time and def.e, as shall be specified in such notice, or in ht ;11,Lt. thereof they will be excluded from the bane- distribution made before such debts are 4_• 4.ed this 7th day of June 1916. f,. FISHER, krtitDAVIES Liquidator. T , & CO.. arket-jolace, Wardngthn. bolicitors.

BRITISH RED CROSS SOClETY.—Employes of Geo. Plumpton, Ltd., Albion Works, weekly subscription, £1 18. 9d.—Received with thanks by the local hon. treasurer.

BRITISH RED CROSS SOCIETY MOTOR AMBULANCE. Previously acknowledged Mr. H. Milling Caldwells, Ltd CaldwelFs Stockton Heath Forge Joseph Dolan and Son Wm. Robertson. Ltd. Mersey White Lead Co., Ltd.

61,k SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. , , PRICE 9/ 1 1 Now showing a large selection of PA AMA HATS as above, in Saxe, Pink, Navy, Tuscan, Purple, underlined contrast colour.

Piano Bargains. PIANO by Broadwood; Rosewood, in good condition PIANO by Wornum; Rosewood and Marquetrie Panel PIANO by Allen PIANO by Hobson; Mahogany PIANO by Broadwood; Scones and Marquetrie PIANO by Collard and Collard; Marquetrie Panel i'IANO by Layton; Walnut Pianette, Marquetrie Panel and Brass Scones PIANO by Collard and Collard; Rosewood, Marquetrie Panel PIANO by Metzler; Rosewood, Gold Incised Panel PIANO by Payne; Rosewood PIANO by Owen Stoddard; Mahogany, Pearl Inlaid Panel, 3 Compartment & Brass Scones £l6 16 0 PIANO by George Luff and Son; Rosewood Tuned free 12 months and one term lessons Free. DAWSON'S 59, Sankey St., Warrington. Tunings and Repairs, Tel. 337 x.

HAVE YOU TRIED WHITE eOB ISELF.RAISING FLOUR? IF NOT, WRY NOT? 'Wholesale by J. POVEY & SON, Ltd., OIRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ORGANS. SECOND-HAND & SLIGHTLY USED. BELL ORGAN . . lO 0 .. 3 Stop- PELOUBET ORGAN £BlO 0 5 Stop. BOSTON ORGAN DOHERTY ORGAN £ll 10 0 9 Stop. BOSTON ORGAN £lB 15 0 11 Stop. ESTY ORGAN £2l 0 0 ... 13 Stop. BELL ORGAN £22 0 0 11 Stop. BELL ORGAN £24 0 0.. 14 Stor. Any of the above can be exchanged at any time after purchase for a better instrument, and the full amount allowed. DAWSON' S SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR SOLO AND SIDECAR a ---- ,q , t....„.., ~,,,,,,-..f. iv \s-t- -,•;,6:,.....4, Tr— ~.--, ---7,,r.."0,4,:,:.A.,,, *- ty .L!'" =-• :':r...,W1.--.51440. RIDE A • "'-''.:. 0 H".t.,. 0 ',::1'.,,_.,• ." 7,J ; V• • , ..„, t •re •: .• 1, ..., ...Y.3.1f,... „ 41/4 hep. MOTOR BICYCLE Fitted with Countershaft Three Speed Gear. We can supply you with any B.S.A. model. JOSEPH KNOX PADGATE LANE, WARRINGTON. 0 Latest B.S.A. Catalogue free. ,

J. MOUNFIELD & SONS (Proprietor, ARTHUR MOUNFIEL.O), CABINET MAKERS. Offices: 15, Church St. and Dutton St. Repairs to Property. Tel. 99.

STRONG, CHEAP FIELD GATES. ' ............it 7 OVER 200 7.---- 7—... --,....--: “10111.1.1." .111..11." 21.11111.11111; , 0.1. 1 IMPre,r/ t. .M 11111.11,11 • SOLD .111-1,111.1, WEEKLY. • - 7. 20s. Order Carriage Paid. 8 ft. long ... ... ... 11/- 9 ft. long ... ... ... 11/6 10 ft. long ... ... ... 12/- Creosoting 1/- extra. Planed for Painting 1/6 extra. Hanging Irons, 7/6 per set. STRONG SHEEP HURDLES. 10 ft. long, 6/6. lommow* *- -liiiim- IM, it. Creosoting, 9d. extra. '*i:A•WE ii.iik--‘0! _ 20/- Orders ' Carriage Paid. THE RELIABLE COOP. f I \ 4/6 each. - ' 53/- per doz. 1, • ' -----Hf --m..u......-.7i-°,:_. _r I Shutters Movable I . mommum 1 11d. each extra. \'•l ' i I• le-- Floors, r M NCreosoting, - —.."...... 6d.-1-p!extra. - -I STRONG WIRE TOP RUNS. 3 ft. long, 4/-; 4 ft. long, 6/-; 6 ft. long, l'/3. . STRONG SITTING BOXES. . • ...--..'F''-..."-'-:.,,,,, - 1 division ... 4/- ~.11-iiiip illt_illMit 2 divisions ... 8/- 111.--1.---.i.,.....----------. • --:-_,., 3 divisions ... 11/6 : 5 divisions ... 16/6 All 20/- Orders Carriage Paid.

FUNERALS BY J. MOUNFIELD & SONS The BEST. 15, Church St. & Dutton St. Tel. 99.

THE LINCOLNSHIRE HOUSE. 4 x 31 x 5 ft. Allll 111111 high, • .. . 11111 I iM7I. ''' 11111111 5x4 x 6 ft. , 857. —,.- --- -- _ _ • ,_.. , •-•"-- F„'; 11, / Creosoting, 4s. extra. 6 ft. x 5 ft. x 7 ft. high, 8 ft. x 5 ft. x 7 ft. high, 110/-. 155/-. Carriage Paid. , These Houses are made of beat 3-inch tongued, grooved, and V- .-,1 , d Matchboards, on strong framework, andt 88 • nted on four heavy 12•1 in. wheels. •• - THE' FANCIER HOUSE. -'• ir . ,1,..•.4'..r.;1. 1- OA, OUR PRICE, 22/- . . till digi t 4x 3 x. 3 ft. • 1121 1 110 il liiii ! high. 111111 1;:li , Carriage paid. • The Best and Cheapest House on the market. They can only be made at the above low price because of the enormous quantity we sell. They are made in sections of the Best Red Deal Matchboards, in sections to screw together, and are complete with two up and down shutters sliding over lin. mesh wire netting, trap door for fowls' entrance, perches, and lock-up attendant's door. ' Nest long, wide. high. Floors. box. 4 ft. x 3 ft. x 3 ft.... 20/- ... 51- -24/6 6 ft. x 4 ft. x 4 ft.... 35/- ... 9/- ... 4/6 6 ft. x 4 ft. x 5 ft.... 50/- ... 101- ... 6/6 8 ft x 5 ft. x 5 ft. ... 80/- ... 16/- ... 8/6 All Carriage Paid to any Station. Creosoting, 2/- extra. PORTABLE SHEDS MOTOR-CAR HOUSES from 42/.

F. W. BARKER & CO. Ltd., CARLTON, NOTTINGHAM.

THE LARGEST RUBBER FACTORY IN THE EMPIRE WITH a staff of experts the finest materials and manufacturing con- IN ditions have produced a Standard of quality only to be found in • ' ; - . U$ CH • .‹ _ li ' . . . . .. „. - C ,--..-i:.-.,--i. . . .: , ._ .. ~ NORTH BRITISH RUBIS= CO.. LT1344 TYRES 4 53, South Castle Street, Liverpool. Fectorta : Castle Mlils, Edinirrrik.

EVERYTHING FOR THE GARDEN can be had from ' J. S. GARLANn IRONMONGER AND 'a'. SPORTS OUTFITTER, 51, 53 & 55, Bridge Street, Warrington. Tennis, Cricket, Croquet, Tents, Seats. SPECIAL VALUE IN LAWN MOWERS, 21/- EACH.

/#47 0, .--* ' • ' '</_..../ ..e. ' • ,c,.1 , ,/,i i: ft ,• \ ' ~, A ~,,V,• Ity q 1,, 1, 1 ,fil ~, i 11"N5....- J tl .-- I 1 - 11\ I 1 ~. •- i 1,, iIl I rl II ... .es ...._ Iv „4—Qlo I: , ;,--•, . _ , ..... • /,;*- /40Z4 - (By permission of the Proprietors of " Punch.") ~ SUBALTERN: " Anc -ant you recruits to be very pi Of course, you know, you don' the uniform."

Pr 6............ m I", 1 ~, ~ 4 ii ,it ,C. 1". - i!Ili ,ri.' tit If / si ill'! I t ~ _, 111 . 1 ' • -r4i. q,r , ;;,i, :(4 ~i 'if r, ii t, , 13' 1, ' . ',,, i f 74 ,iiA ! 12 ,41 • 1 „ 1 1 INS 1 ............... .o._ . 1 I • , . '..,, ahee x rwh. _ : ‘,„:_. sUNNY Summer has arrived, and " summery" , shoes are the vogue. Don't pay extravagant prices. Patronise the Firm that concentrates on the sale of Stylish Footwear on Economy Terms. Our Windows are a faithful mirror of all the latest , designs for the season. See them! If they don't con- tain what you fancy, step inside. Our shops are direct 1 channels to our warehouse-stock of 400,000 pairs. 1 t_f_HE PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. Lin Under the Clock, Bridge Street, 1 WARRINGTON. WE ARE THE FASTEST- GROWING FIRM IN THE SHOE TRADE

elle

nuisance because they lose an hour's sleep at night. Niece Doris Worral I , 22, Grafton-street (Arpley-street School). Niece Lily Williamson, 35, Priestley-street. Nephew Harold L. Bird, 317, Lovely-lane. DELIGHTED NIECE AND NEPHEW. Last week's prize winners write:— " Dear -Uncle Jack,— "I was delighted on Saturday morning to find I had been successful enough to win the prize, for which I thank you sincerely, hoping to be as successful again.—Your affectionate niece, ETHEL SHAW." "Dear 'Uncle Jack,— "I thank you for the hook I received on Saturday afternoon. I have read my book, called "The Red Hussar," which I like very much. It is well worth keeping. It is my second prize.—ERNEST WILLIAM SANKEY, 99, Kimberley-street, St. Barnabas' School." NEW MEMBERS. 811 Leo Eastens, 156, Winwick-road; age 12; St. Benedict's School. 812 Maud Alice Lunny, 108 a, Bridge-street; age 10; Arpley-street School. • 813 Emily Marshall, 183, Winwick-road; age 10; Silver-street School. 814 Marion Fellows, 18, Pickmere-street; age 12; A rpley-street School. 815 Valeria Millington, 6, Pickmere-street; age 12; Arpley-street School. 816 Jack Thomas, 97, Fox-street; age 12; Evelyn-street School. 817 Jack Pickstock, 92, Bramhalf-street; age 11: St. Barnabas' School. 818 James Ryder, 46, Elizabeth-street; age 12; St. Barnabas' School. FROM "GATES OF SILENCE." Robert Loveman. It isn't raining rain to me, It's raining daffodils! In every dimpling drop I see Wild flowers on the hills! A cloud of gray engulfs the day And overwhelms the town— It isn't raining rain to me— lt's raining roses down! It isn't raining rain to me, But fields of clover bloom, Where any buccaneering bee May find a bed and room. • , A health, then, to the happy, A fig to him who frets! It isn't raining rain to me— It's raining violets!

Safeguard your Health with DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE THE RELIABLE FAMILY MEDICINE. THE BEST REMEDY KNOWN FOR COUGHS, GOLDS COLIC, AGUE, and kindred ailments. NO BETTER PRESENT to make a friend on active service athome or abroad than a bottle of this famous Medicine. Of all Chemists: 1/3, 3/-, 5/-. ALWAYS ASK FOR A "DR. COLLIS BROWNE.PP

MCDO;CALL'S AftSELF Co FLOUR Isis is British milled and is British in its unfailing RELIABILITY. A

, 1 ' ^- I'''4- ‘_.lY"`" lA fililo i it iv : , A KEATING'S 6 :- KILLS /0,12 BUGS FLEAS MOTHS BEETLES kt iior ow -4! ior 47, TINS-1° 3! V.lr jit. Avir - -ftt .40 . .. .

END nine penny stamps to NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham, and they %6 will send you enough Mason's GOOD Extract of Herbs to make 8 gallons ,*f ilas. of refreshing Herb Beer.

Lotus ~... eV :I%) elt a . . ~, ,k,.:... ~....... ~.„ „:,: . ...,,:„..,,,..,. • 4, ixf.. „t:.p...:.,,:.:,„ ; / •OV:Mi ~. I ' "*.::•Migi,::: I 44:. !lg. 2 1111' \ i • _. , ...„,:,::;,..,„,„:„,,„,:,,:„,„:„.! . ~ ~...,,,,:„„,,......x.,... • ir-s. -0,H,,,-,,,,,..."Rw::::2, i istig:::.'.: - / gair.o.cp.s,.' / ..,, , -- • 4040;tary , ; , ,•...„.„,....... - ~.,.,.$0,:„..i.,:..,::,,,,,./ -' se:;:: f; 0:•.::wy::ww,..1 &'k\ 'N itiglAT:ra4lM,.. e.:::A::*); . -•;i: ,44 . /...., gin. 4..,:•:::•:,..,:•.......... . i ...1.•...: . ~..i:i.5.,,,,!::.F.:.ii,;!.:1,7:0.:::..r0.. V ' ;.. • . '•••'''.:. IN, `.. ijia. i - ... ~,,:::i:., . • .::::(0.::::::,:::,, 4ii.,.." • : . ~..„ " ~,_ .. -..) f:M:::71::.i:Oi ..;:n.,:::.:.g, .. , .2=,.., . • ,5..14421...;W:?..;:ti,:f., . . 0. ',:','7" , -•,- :. ,X:,t, .:*::M:,.:i::..:k.,;:i S '-"c.- j I.i:iw:iiv::::",' . ••• , ';.:-;,,.viii5.::.:...... .:_::-...:iiiiini4:'`:.ii -'.*•-• .%. ii:*:•.;i:ieT"' ' '• . . -:: t');.-T4Y ":**l'.l7 :,'':..,''''. ...::.i.:•0i:,,• 4,•:,,.,',4; ~,,, ',..,.. .:,..' ' ' ~:i:;f::.'":.:::". ~...—. , ~.. .• . , V.,:,,.::.?..., ":' ~,,i,::: ' .. ::>;,re,..7:,:::,:'; • ~.., . , : ~..„,":' '.... :•.• • 4,,,.,' ' . I.::: .i ...?",„:4::::'," . . ''''.:Vr . ..•:,:i:1%.::$?;;;7 ' .., .. '.•••'-'!`...!' - :-::::',,,,.e.;_r„..• • . • . . . , . .&A.VA:.::,: No, 91 •- . . • ...., ,-;*,.-::-.i,.... A::::;.:.:::,...- •.. ' ' No. 150 ... . -.,.•- •..,....... .•,..... • . ... 12/9 • • , This Delta Shoe may still •A• New Style in stock ,Clis\ be had at the old price, in three fittings and half , ~,......49 12/9. Also stocked in all sizes—one of the many. Patent Leather 13/9, and Lotus Shoes stocked by us. , Glace Kid with Patent Too . . . ' at 12/9. T.. ~.: 0 , T,, --r, :',. • '''' ;ICY*" i , Itte...j., & '.:4t' • oNT „ ,il ri . i', . _ t X 't ' ' TDIZID'Ik3s4 SII\P4ILI3‘ NVAPPINVIPON. ircLoP '.), ... , .. ..„....„ .

RAIN PROOFS. Choice Selection. Newest Shades. Perfect Fitting. 21/- to 400/- NE4.':, SUITINGS. Ready to wear from 22/6 To order from 30/- Boys' 8d Youths' Suits. Latest Materials. Reasonable Prices. MANCHESTER CLOTIING DEPT. to, Norsemarket St., Warrington.

BIRTHDAY HONOURS FOR LOCAL SOLDIERS.

LOCAL INTELLIGENCE.

. . . . " , • • : " •-... • • .

• FLEET PAYMASTER PLACE: Eldest Son Of Late Supt. Of Markets Killed In Action. Hardly had he heard of the death of his father, Mr. Elijah Place, superintendent of Markets, than Fleet Paymaster John Spencer Place was killed in action while on H.M.S. Barham, one of Admiral Jellicoe's ships, at whose approach the enemy hastened away. Mr. Elijah Place died a week last Monday, and a telegram was dispatched to his naval

• ; ;. • ' •• - . ••••. \ A Vci.X.l` 24...girwt,,,,, • • • t• • :.5 • • si • . ;..* • . • • • $4,.4kk • • • • s ' s• • 4 1t:1.:1+11,1,4'64, • ' •

FLEET-PAYMASTER PLACE. Lost on H.M.S. Queen Mary.

'...gigitet.',.::::•::.,i::::,4,::.::,,.:?:-.-..., ......,..,... • ......,...11-00,10.,,,,,,,0;.,,...-;,:ollWrii .`'.. • ..1,:4,1 , ,:::::',:;.-.. .'*:„.,..,....trit: : • . .•:::.::::::;,-. 1Ntg....x.:....., . ..,.•,i,'..c '1.4.411git';??1.1;•:"...:::::::.).. . ;.:: ' , ' . v-,..:...:.i.:.i'1;;5'...::.*.i.'i.;:.. '..."'..::::::::.•:::::. ......,,. . ' ..-..,'•. :::iii::::.:::::,;;:.]:::;:.'L'::• .: . :....i::. . ~., ......f.-.....'.'.e? '''i.,:,,,•1?..::,?; . „,. '. ...."'•k• ...1....",.f.... '.:1:.:,,:11::4..U::::: ....... • • ''..•:.;..:..:. . .. ..'._ , , ',.-..,!1ii:.:......'': ~•: '';':::,.....:::::;:.i:.1i.&:.;::;:`,....f.::,..,::.:,.....e(.....:1:.:.77 ' ...‘. ' . •-. .• : ' .-. . ' ' . , . , .4'..5.....c',. , -, : . ~. ~ ~. . : , .:•... . : . '.......• • . ..: :.. ' : rii:,:f.::;...:.,::::. . : ' . ' ' . ''.:.if.%''':'.:'•,:,...-.......... . . ::•.-...,..:.... ',. - . . ::.„.....,....:„.. ,

STOKER BEDDALL. On The Invincible; Joined Eighteen Months Ago. Serving on H.M.S. Invincible at the time of the great naval battle was Stoker Francis David Beddall, son of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Beddall, 97, Plumpton-street. Stoker Beddall, who is 20 years of age, was formerly employed by Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co., Ltd. He joined the Navy about eighteen months ago. As a boy he attended the Sankey School. A letter was received from him on Wednesday

•,.- . ~, ..,...."'••••••••• :::;:•$,,:,.../.4. . 1 .. . . . ..„. , . . . ~... .... - .....,.. , . , , . „..... .., ....,... •,:,".,.:, ... .:i.. ...,.,,.,::::.. , , ..,.,...,::::-:,:',... it:::it:li'':,-s*:-:',4:..,--,' t. l .‘,......,:..,....,,146,.f...t.47.,:•--f, • f.,%,..-r..„..,..'1.,.,:-.•.:::. ,1tVet.w...§...:::-. .1•.,'.,'-.......',.• ..„:". :„.... tlik.. 4 4i311!,-..kt:.1•...-4,":.-",.':',Z.• -•"*" ~,,,,:k4i.' ztf4::5,..,•.J.tf,..W0v..411:.,?.t.fktit.ti.pf,.-1. :: '' - . . ... tfititi:i.:l.lliiitiittlikl,,k:V.l4::::: ::::, ' ...,...- ...,..I''''• 1.,,,,:..-4,,,,,,,,,:!,,!...,4...,:4.,,,thv.4.,......?..;,... : . -.;.-•.,3, 41,14;k:4!it.:::..,,:&,‘,,.v: ..,,..,-....:..„....,.....- ' 105t4:17..%,.....,.4.4.?:.:::.',•:- • -- .:.,..,i.,,,,,,,,-,:., • - k... 0

STOKER F. D. BEDDALL Lost on H.M.S. Invincible.

of last week, having been written about three days previously. He was then quite well. SERGEANT WOOLLACOTT. Smart Warrington Detective On The Queen Mary. One of Warrington's best detectives—Detec- tive-Sergeant Woollacott—was on H.M.S. Queen Mary when it blew up and sank. He was a Sergeant of Marines; and was in the aerial gun ere*. It was only last week that his mother, who resides in Percy-street, off Lovely-lane, received a beautiful birthday present from him. Always of an adventurous disposition, Mr. Woollacott, as a boy, manifested a strong desire to go to sea, and enlisted as a Royal Marine when 17 years old, remaining in the service for

K::•,....,:::4.,,,,..,.,•?:•;.,if2:77.K.g.§.1.MU5.'ikA'Aii:•• , gnikligie:;:e.. :Ni:4,z....,;:w*:5..:•:,:m"4.....4n.'V',iiig.i.,,Wa.• O?:k.64.:ZAMAL*. kz m•:.1m.'?i,...•...:E. '''..,.:,,,,:',,••/4.,,,,:::,..: ,_•,4„.1E:ii:mi.::::i,:•:;:.. ' .4),tkV=W:rf ...,......,-..,,,i:AV7."-: g0ti.'41.:*.t,,VM.1.04. '''' -. -,::::I*.:ii*NOMME• 161V.0:4014X,V)' • . - ::::.:;:,.-Anthit.;:it.jatlV,, 11:91.4tt,.:;,:,.iNfar '.,':::.•,''; •L'•';'..4;,.'....APPAlS;:V.tiVia, MN,Mr• , • •.'-:•:,,,,i,:iz,;:i::!:':::::3t.,:, ;•fr:;keijaz**:l4i'W :yr,,,m,?,ye'et.,:,:::,' Wgp.li.:?:;l:Mi:::':':i:i.-:i': ...'•4 ..y:::Vii*:::;§*.:MENoi f>,,... k?:l•4:,Mliki:::ii:.i ' 44:::?:%.,:i.5:M.i:A., ~:::.ii;:';',"`x.,..lA:§A.zsi:liiei:iiiW: . ..,4t,:., ~, ,4•',0....fa;:. .li:,:j':KMA:Wki."4 ' •.:...WN3e,:&#:.g.,*::, ......-I::::,44Ein• ratiggOlßS• .."':',.'..•:,:'...7...:.4** .1..4. .!4•Wili,t.;:fil: ,::,,,, •.,.<:„..„.:,,,,,,..v,,,,m.:::...:::.,,,..,....:_::::.,,,,m,,,,, gesoghatti*:.;::. -',':‘:::•.ailli:1::,(,,:::01:41Mmite3's„.i*jj„,•:!, om,:ao ...-;:,,,A,....::,:,:::;•.:,•;.,:0::.,x4.*:.*...,,/.4.,ww.,,:,::•: ..,,,,,,,,:rte.g.:0,:,:::,,,:.::3., ...r.: :•-,:',.., ~ •.: • No :, :,,...,, • .•:,,..,:„:„.:0:::1•.,::: ...:„,,,,•.., .:,,,,,:•,:,..0„.„0„.• -,•-•,•**•••••:••,.. ; 0,..:::,;'.;':::•-.litat,:-* •:*--.::•-•.''' :.•::: : :.,,,,w,..:,::,,:,....,,..,m:,.::::::,:m. ,•-•,-.,,,,,...:,"..•,:::::.,....4...„1.00t#44:$ „‹. •::::A.'. ' ''''... ' ''' : • ',..':,.1'.,?;•:eiK - , , ~. . • ...., :•:„.:,.....•... ~....,...,4::::2-4:::,:.,;s4Ntiii.:::.:.:. .. ~ ;. < ...::'5•Vg.-.1;:st::..1;g::-, , • ........., . : lit::::1.: ~• „..„.•,-2,-,i;•:•::•••,:";i:. „ . :':'..:;'!::: ~ . . •-•: i...;,.',4i......10r510giii.-::•;';;,, -. A., •Ui:,..,...i.......ii,),,...• - V.:'•';..;)',.:.'f-itt:tklfb..-. r:L.'•-,,,,?•,4,,><:.,:'..04::55,,WL,. . : !...ip4:4,,..3:4:::.::.::-,o4•=s•Al:4jviti :4:*,..,,,,,m-swrioLet • l'..:4l7:t*filiatialliPAlNl4tik'W ... •• :n4.1.44....+. ,e.- a -..--,?' ' :.-...:....,k::,:m:'4 Virig..-:**),‘A.,:,,--,...;;:- • ::-.A.?...::1.:*;,,,.:.:-. -14,-.•.,,,,,..4e.-, .›34,,,,,,...,...f,. ...W.::.i'%:::,:-:;,...f: I lt-W .•'?'...,,,,41.40e-Ntlai.:i:::Ait;%gs.:li:;•;:is,:e .....'.Z 1.E.:54:ti...,•'''...'.%.'...::: , ' .

STOKER J. H. SANFORD. Officially Reported To Have Met Death On Queen Mary. On Friday of last 'week—the day on which he would have attained his 24th birthday—First- Class Stoker John Henry Sanford was officially reported to have met his death while serving on H.M.S. Queen Mary. First-Class Stoker Sanford was a single man, and formerly lived with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Sanford, at 4, Kimberley , Drive, Stockton Heath. He had been in the Navy :or three years, and had served on several ships,

""'""',....,•:::::...:-i,:'.::.:41 Klotil 2,,,..-:,,,,w,..41:::ik-4,iiiii:-.iiiiiiiiiii*.-:-.r:,.;:'".7.7.7.2...::...Pf..:....:•':7-77,1ktati iillllo.lll- ".....,....:::•-....',.';,:. .. ,(:-.lllllklill •'--:.:::'...q4.i.,:.,,,..,:...,,;,......,..,.....,:.,: .. .. i:•.,;:,,.....,;.::::„;:::•-....:,1-5.:;,,..„:::i...„ :-.' :..I.'..•••••-..-::::-..11141110.1-:. ' . '''''''''.' . ..•:...,:im1,.,...,....,--•''......„‘4•....,-;;:::...7:„..'•;•-iiktiiki '...:*'.fi.:::..:,i ...::-..„..-:'1•:;11f..:40•11.:::'.:4:4!1:::' ••,•!::::.:;1:::::::'; . • . '..,:i.0....:...,:rp-:-...„-...„...... '''''''..-...',.'.cf....P::.' '. : .:-:.•:.:....:.z...."-:•••••', -- ' . .4k ~ ....•=,....:.:vii;,.:::... . , . -:-.':'••••••' . '•••••,0:4'.. • , , ....,t-: . , . .............,,..:•-:,',::,.:' •:::...,,,::•:".it,„i-:::,‘...,.,. •"•• • •••••••.,...',,,;.4.„:•••••',,,,,,,,1,-ev.‘,:;,:*: -....,. •••:•:•:',..:',i...,.. , . ' -, ....,:!.::.,.:41;.:4,4>_', i'..•••••....4•..t.',. .., • - '•• •'''k!••••-•i..•-•:,. "4,,•:4#'4:4•4*.::. .--..t.':.....1....::•::-•:-!-• •-•":...:;'.:•::::::::::::::;...•:::::‘....:?g•'-ici"..7.,',..;•'•.... :.,..':'.: .1....U.4$1-it: ! 111..,.-....•..i..;,,;',11-, ...-:•.: , .:: .... '_, .:.:''''...............,:;:-...„.;:.:...,.,..:... -:...', --..: - ~. 14t4.0:.t.i.....,>. ...,:-.-A.,.......::::::,.::,......,••••:, . .:::. . ~,,.:,....•.-1,....:....-...., ... . '::. ~„ ..f.„11.:;1..:5:;!',...,....:1+. . ..,:•-....:::::::::::.:...:.'...., . . .. . , .. ............ .........,1,...: ~ - .-..,..,......•..',...::::::.-qii: . • - • -.. ..... ,:..... . •....,.., ......,,....,...,....,,,.....,.:,..,,, . . , - .....,•*, .:. .. .:...:.-.: ~.....7:;,....: . , ,

FIRST-CLASS STOKER J. H. SANFORD. Lost on H.M.S. Queen Mary.

including the Renown and Victory. In civil life he was a mate on board a small vessel plying along the Bridgewater Canal to and from Liverpool. Another brother, Albert, has been wounded whilst serving with the Scottish Borderers. STOKER STIRRUP. "First-class" At His Trade On The Indefatigable. First-Ciass Stoker Charles Stirrup. on of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stirrup, 400, Knutsford-roa3, was seving on H.M.S. Indefatigable. Stoker Stirrup would have been 22 years of age to-day (Saturday), and joined the Navy in 1913. He had been previously employed as a moulder by Messrs. Richmond and Co., and

, •••••• • • . . • ' •-•••••4;t::4.t4!V:RINNi,•,, • • . ••:•: . . . : , • .... . • . • .. • . . . • . . , • • . . . •-• - -

FIRST-CLASS STOKER C. STIRRUP. Lost on. H.M.S. Indefatigable.

Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co. He was educated at St. Mary's R.C. School, and was fond of both swimming and football, having played the latter game in the local Wotks Competition. GUNNER BIRKS. On Indefatigable; Eight Years In The Navy. Gunner John Birks, son of Mrs. Birks, a widow, a native of Salford, now residing at 123. Mersey-street, was serving on H.M.S. Indefatig- able. Gunner Birks, who is 24 years of age, joinf.d

~..i,,,,..,44,,,3:43:°'': ~,,:::.;5.;*;;A:?:,,,i,:e;. ..,i....,.. ;.,.. ..., WMliit.::::' . ',...k ...' .k..4;4,0 kti*. 4: 0i,,,,?.41%,,!, r ..•....t*m:'*:.:f4: t.*i,.:,,,,,,A:T':,....'..,....::' ' . ~...4 - .... ...iiAfttl.Nxkis:. ~..,...,•:..'::::::':.!..:::::::;:::,-,•,:::;''k.:;;,. i---...'ift0...4,, ~.:: i...:5it..1ieh':::::,,,,::::. • Ililtilt,:.''... '..-.;4k :,,,,,,..,..,........: .. , . . .„ .....,,,,ing-,... . . ...,.. ,•,,,..., ....,...:-,l* ..: ~.„,. . .v...,.ii, .......,,i4....,..A0.,.4:41 ..orw.:::::::?:,..:;.•:,.......„..::::. 7.:...4:::::.....•••:14,i;q:4 1tr.:',...,:f'... : • 'A' .... ••.: ': ; : .::,...s...'ttirii;s "m-?..?,,,,..:.......:.,.'.:::,...':.:...%..: nit. .611.0:0444§:i...„,.....'.......-:•:-. ~...::::......:...',:'.:',.:.:-::::.::: :::41.0.0Witdt ~....1.1.11.1•11:11.:•....'.:1'..:A1...........:::,:i.::-.i:::1":::;.'il':•1:::.i.:. 11;1111:11.11111:0:!*.i.1/i.f.',:::::1:1!i:.::•::!!!". Kg :.......''.-...;'...ii...?..........40:4;74"....A:::?. ..... tirn:•,A.,..,•,.**F01w..;:;:i...,::.i.k.::::1::. i.::,-U.::::::';:<,..7.:•:-. ;:".......'.:•.: • Aqtiii.4•':';'.::'''''..i.i.:is..:.::,;'. .:-.•5.4 .0.•:::'•,•••:::-•:••••••• ••••••• •••••-t '.*:•.4":::-:.:•• %.ts:':t:',.'g:.:: •:',....:.:::.;.:'::..i.,/..• .. : . ..., .:::,..Ik.-••••"';::•:•:::•r. •,...,••• ."'0.•...-..-..:.....'4... ~.:*:.:;'ii•,.:.::.':::..:,.• -.•::::.:::::::::.41.::.:::*.i..i.,',..::' .. • c,•;'•••-•' ,::]:-....i:R1-:il:fi.i';.:„:-•;;;.i':g.:.:-:-•iii:ii.:.•.i.ii•ggi.:.:nit: .. . . ' •`;...:1,.ii..t:':-...1jit:ii;5i.:4:44..•••..V ' . .: ..i,..-,,:?::.,*,.i.i..: ''.:.:::%.••:..:•••.;:',..:.::::.N":*:::iii••:".' • . , . ~...IFA'ai.:l§:tair.i.i•i:..f;i::s:-..,.*::::k•s' . ..,.....4.........::::::w:iffZ.W.:.:::- . •''..,:nAo.',--- . ' ........: . . ......, . ~ I •

STOKER J. LEE. Official News Of Death On The Indefatigable. ' Mrs. Lee, a widow, of 33, Bostock-street, has received official news that her son, Leading- Stoker Joseph Lee, met his death while serving on H.M.S. Indefatigable. Leading-Stoker Lee, who was 24 years of age, had been in the Navy for six years. He saw service near the Gallipoli Peninsula—where he was wounded—and had served on the Indefatig- able since she was launched. Before joining the Navy he was employed in the galvanising (le-

4, *:51,!:*.:::.:. d'p:i.a.,?44",A,1K:,:: ....,,.,,,.,,.....,....... . f:•:,:i,iiii.?A>•ti:i..',NV-•-•:..::•ok-5.,1.:4„,:i:5:-...: ..-...,,,... . , *4Atilk•i.,;;.i:/. .-,g,,&.4:::4•Aii,.:V..AW''''. . , •-...• Att,-,-k.1."*.m.4.z:,::-.: Nik::i:3e,:m::::::!:::::::, • ..-.:::::;:::::,,:,::„:.:.,:..:,N40--.:;;;A:::: "ott.i::., !:iitAki:OV:'.':-'l'ji.:i,:' . ••• At - ,:.,-.E.miw:is. ,E•• 7 ~,.a•f•.:. : . . ..,. . . , , ~,•• : , . : ~. s. .. k. i ~:.. ..:. . . . .. ; . .7 . 7. . .. . .. .. . . . . , . . :... ::....:,,,,,,::.:..:•,.::,,.:...:.. .. . . .:-.A::4.,..i,i,:......;..!1f.i.V.1:th.:4.::• .41" k ';-': ...... :,,., -.2.:....::: .1. . '... ~--,,,:•: • ..&4:::.::::: -,.... ,i: .... ..,..,4:•,..r.5.,*- ''......,- . -, ''.!,, - , . .. .. ... . - . - -,.,.. ...... .- ~ . . ... .. . . „ ... . .. .. .• .. .„.. • ....., •. , .. .... . - • ~:i,s• ,:i,',.::: - .•,- , • a.N.E:.,.•.:E.,...... .<•,\ :% -....• , .: .. ...,..47.?4,.4:;:;•k5?A:.:•,....,..:,N. • '!'.' s ..,.x..,,,x,.-.:p:-....ix:•-.:•,-... :- ~....,•*- :::;.:q...*:•,.,.:: ••••: :NI: '4o%.:i'i*:::' ....,..,.,..0?.:?.:ii.3'... . .... \ ‘, .. 14- ~.., ,7 ~..X:.;•..: ..:; .N.4...4.4it:,-,cA...% .--„•:,..-..1::.::.,,, i ~...;„,y174:1-iii,, .741,1i:-.F.'5.04*.-:::1,4,,,,,::„•::::::;:i.: i,il4lititi, kx,,,.,•,::i,H:,;tN:Ngb,-,..,t,,:,..-'t !:,t ..:41%•:.` 7 ~,:: :F.!::=1.,,,',-*1t,..,'..1 ;$1‘.141i.!fit.....:<;•,p-,•,.:E: • 1',,:,".ii.:41.,:,5,t..,'.: :-- 1

LEADING STOKER J. LEE. Lost iin H.M.S. Indefatigable.

partment at the Whitecross Co.'s works. Another brother, James, is in training with the A.S.C. • STOKER J. BOLTON. "Alive And Kicking " And May Be Home Shortly. Stoker John Bolton, who, having no parents, makes his home with Mr. and Mrs: R. Green, 103, Oldham-street, was on the Warrior at the time of the naval battle, and is quite safe. lie has written the following to Mrs. Green :—"Just a few lines to cheer you up, as I suppose you have heard about the Warrior. I am alive and kicking. I miFht be home shortly." Stoker Bolton, who is 22 years of age, has been in the Navy for about five years. He was pre- viously employed as a moulder by Messrs. Richmond's at their Grappenhall premises. He.

:4 --- - I .4 1 . s'' „:„.,:iM:::::.....:,,,,...a.:4;'...,........ • •S ..,-,.....-",'....,.' '......."*.r,...:. '....'..:.:,...-. .. i', ' '...,,,--2.:.i...•..1AiWt,W.,....,,W,,,... ....''' ' 2Kr".• ....ietZ...::' -,,...* -.4i', • 1 ' ' - • ''. 1'44....:"... '''..%.,,,4i',:: , I ... ...:,t.e..... '..,,4-:•::::::: ? . '.."........' , 1 . .. . . . .....,... ~..f...." 4 , .• ...A''lt: '' '4.441,WP:..... i. . .... ...,.:,..,,..„4::. i 1 , ~., .... .. .... .„.. , 3 ' 1 ,•-•;••,--1••••••:',..,-- - •f • • . I 444"A.-.l'' .v. ....,-A&-4.;..••-•........e-3, • 1 • ..,..,,?.. :::‘,....... -• • • ..xii-.§-ogIoe:::::o.ft • . -----',...:,..i.,;.*.,14,..?P'.:•„,.. :404'.4.1,,,i§?0,•*00 : i4f: •:•.:'.. -.ic-s.io •• ..:-.....--,-44%•~1t-:-. ••, -•,---- •••••,-- • - 4•KNewf•vagvirliol-P:.-- .At - -..4,-,-,.., - ...,-..,:w.w.i..1§0-7§.1;*,;:;:-..,ft---fw•ii, : :-•.:. , ,3-,.. ->Jr4W.-.IIIMIK.Kek• ,e.f...,ti., A1gq54r.,,404;P:1400.4 j! 1 ,i)-I.li ArAt.,AlijkliftAlOU;ile i ..j.la';;;,il, Nt..).44M5t0Ra1r,54.0P..A1044.4 1 liglit -sleUltmi4mOokqemni4 1,.. .:,,,.441,...0t., ..,...;:e-m..?„,....0.,.::,..i,..-.. -...,......:-.:.,:.....;.,A,,itt , „,,,,,,..*04,,..::: .•:,...„..0:-.,,:.,,::.,:,.,,,,.....-...,,-,;:„.,.........:„........,..,........„..:-............... , .. ~....,... „,„,„ , ..,.f. ,:....1.4,,,,,::::,;,,,,,,....,,.......,....,:::,,:,,,,........,....-.;....,i,;„,,,-.,.:5..,f„v,,,..:,";.:,„.. 1 -,-1,-.•Aw.,.........a.... ...,,,...........,,,?.,............i:......-„.....rgig4..y...,,1.....;0,,,,,..,,.,.:.,,:aark .....,„

STOKER JOHN •BOLTON. Saved from H.M.S. Warrior.

was educated at St. Mary's School, 'Latchford. He was over on leave about six weeks ago, when he was in the best of health and spirits. His brother, Harry, has been wounded whilst serving with the Lancashire Fusiliers, and is now re- cuperating in England. ' FIRST-CLASS STOKER J. O'ROURKE Burnt On Hands And Fate By Explosion Of Shell. Mr. and Mrs. O'Rourke, 14, Crossley-street, have received the following letter from their son, First-Class Stoker Jack O'Rourke, of H.M.S. , which took part in the great naval action:—" I expect you have heard about this

4..a,:,......ii..1......::,:(i,,:ii,,,,e,,i..:...:1„,....,::::„...::?...„...,i.i.H.,,,,z....4...zii:1,.if:.....:iii4...K.:41.1.111:1:?'0,,ft.411:.:i1tic0w?1'Mr.,:,:3::,1Z::..::.'•::::4-7;"....iiiyi.:: tt):::i::::::lii*.:MiVii.::.,.k?:•:.:.:lii*.V.iiii.f.x.:4a.K.q..p.::;*;.,,,.K.::ilVw4:4:. .0.4-. , 0.1-A::::,. :.:4,.....,i,..:::•<:•:,3.%:::::•4*.,.,...;:,..,:::%*:;:::E,ft:i::,.!*•.::3t.:::.::ft,.3::.:i4.:m.,•::A4i.*::::,:::;Z::::k.:',1§:.;:i:.:.,.,.:-',...kt• '4-4, ..,..., eigeztem1.,:5zte.,...if:::,..,,;.;.,..1....„..?...:,,,.:,.,...........:,.:....:.........,..-............-..:::;,::::::..,.....,,,:::.:„......:::::,.....„w,.,;.., f0g.Atm.:::,......,!.;.::,::::::':::...!,..:......::•::.::::.g:;:.*:,;.....,'" v siario.iiks.ir., -4.•••••:!-. ~.„ - . . .. . . , . : .:::,.....,.......0...5:::.:::,....:::k:..::.... ~........,...,.. .. :,.. .-::'-'........ . ' -.,........?..-:: ...',.'.,...,......::, ii......;,,,'. ..... --:.......,• 4,4i.k .',......:-..,.......5. . • ....., :. .i'.4.F :!.....1:g.::;....:-...-. . • • . .If ".'''''::::.......?......,:f:....i...''''''... .. 4. ''''' -. • . . :.:....,,....i.-if.:,..;:::.., . • .......i,...:.,.., • s ~.?...,.,.....:: t.......... 4.,::•.,.....: :,....,.,....,.........4,.. ---...''...,;.-..i.:',....,...:......?:::.g....,...i,..--,.. '. ..,,,. ~...: . *.:'''`',"'•N .:••••••:i-.1iiii..:.:::::.•• ' • • ......k:',. ::::::•11 ' '....:...;'.‘,,....0 ' . • :, ...,.. . , • .• • ..„.• .::. :....... •••••• . ..:. . .. .. •

TORPEDOMAN HACK WELL. A:Veil And Safe On Tiger Alter The Battle. Mr. and Mrs- J. Hackwell, 137, Oldham- street, Latchford, on Sunday received a postcard from their son, Seaman Torpedoman James Henry Hackwell, of H.M.S. Tiger, who stated that he was quite well and safe after the recent action. Torpedoman Ilackwell, who is 21 years of age, has been in the Navy almost four years, and in addition to the Tiger, has served on H.M.S. Irresistible, Skirmisher and Defiant. Previous to joining the Navy, he was employed as a moulder by Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and co.

• •• • • .„ -30 „ • ' . . • #.„

SEAMAN-TORPEDOMAN J. H. HACKWELL. H.M.S. Tiger. His brother Job is in the Army, and took part in the severe fighting around the Persian Gulf. He contracted fever, which necessitated his re- moval to hospital, but has completely recovered, and returned to duty. STOKER J. WOOD. One Of A Patriotic Family Quite Safe. Stoker Jacob Wood, who was serving on H.M.S. Marlborough, writes to his sister, Mrs. Wright, 75, Longford-street, as follows:—" Just a line to let you know I am quite all right, aml keeping well. We have been having a rough time these last few days." Stoker Wood, who has served for three years in the Navy, has two brothers and a brother-in- law in the Army, whilst a brother-in-law and a step-brother have been killed. He was

:„...„....„.....,,.....,„.•„.....,.. „ . • '...,.':'......• • ~,,ti'''''.':::,:.:•,,,,il'igs:iini::::':'.'o":". 4 . ''.'7.:•:':',",::til:;:tf.,.f..f':.ikiiii; .:,::::".:::,:..................... .:...................'-: .--.... :: -.. :. ....,..-IVVVrt'''.......]:,Aii--.... ii-,.....:1....:: . .-.- . .... .. ''...f..PA............:.:::.4-:: . ...?:.;..-..f.::-..,..-..:.cfifi.*. ..it.g.....-...,...:..::::-::......:.-.......--.3-.;i:...-;.........,-,..:,:.-....:::.,,,... ;...i.i‘il.: 4k.'-''' -...i.:-........... ' . $,.....- - ....•••••,,,......,........,........................ ...•, ..-.... O.:1;.▪ .4.....:','?.....,:-:!..i..4i.....ii.,....:.14.-411:::,.5.;:i.1:1*..................:------. • ek:''''.*;::t'::::7:.:'.::iti:::!*:pl'I'::.*::.::':-:.:',':..:'':''I's''::.'.-.:::''::'->.'.2::.,''--:..:::s1::'.':''f:;.;:%.re;;:::'"'I.‘/-' ' ' • ..........................:.......„.............................:::,....,.....:..,,.....,,..................,...,....................„........:•,.!..::::§:4.: ...*, ....-..........„.„....,..„...,•.....,.,...........0.....,;,.......„............ ..... . , .......::......iliv . . :............,.....:,...... , ' :....... ' ...,...' , , . ......„... . . . .. . ....„ „ . , . •••• , •• ‹,. ~....„, - .. .. .. . . . ,•..., : ~..: .., ........... .. , • ~,• ' .., . , - • ..,., • •• .• . , . ••„..... •,.„ . • ~ • ..,..••••• ~ -I. . .. :.. .....:..;• ...... • . - . , ...:::.:. •••••,1::: ...' , . :..,

STOKER J. WOOD. H.M.S. Marlborough.

---- ---- . ift.4?s)' • -144.,!;::::4 „ . . . . ~ • • . ' ^ .. ... . . • ' 1...,7..:,..!......:... ..1110,,,, „ ,::::).1....',•!.- ' .-.••••tf. ' .: '‘,.•"' .- —;:.•41::::(,:z,a,.... 4,":. : ,1,7:.,...1-:•••..,„ I 4441,;.....-::,-::;lijilt4tre.§.1sio Itts. is ~,-,;.,:, .11,,,,-:„. . s . 4 ~..,,,,.:,„,...„, ~........ ~..„.7,...,.- -4::::....4 •. *, 4,-, '*'-'.'.' •::;"'{' k --4 .1,4., ii;-, o• '. SERGEANT SAM LEWIS. Died in Hospital.

- ,E.Tuftim..:,:i - :::::::',..'',',''-•-•-•-••:."••••••:: w0uNDP:0.....:::!..,„,::,:.:,,,:n.::::,;i:•,:al . ..-. -. -,.........,...:4•,:p...7,....xFiiiiiiiit,t6,:::.':',1.";:::',..---.!::,:.:4:41,::::''':;-L,-.--,....;..--::-..talte ..... , .......,.....,:e.:..,,,......:..,:;;,.,,,:-....-..,,•:,:;.;::::::.:.?4,:::::i:aigiin.t1N,...,:'....-::: .--.. . -.-. 14:.'','''...-''''::,l:tr,";;77:,:: ' .... ''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' '4..g":;•::*.;.t.7l:::;:z'q!ii:,i'•;:.Asitiqtt.?!...:•ii:o,.:l*.Z.;:kl:-••••,-..• - , ;I•it*...' • ' .......:::: .'•-::.....,•.Z?:•••••••••;',.::•'...;:.:•:" ~.:4c.t.,''1::::4..4.,0 ''s.':•''',...::,:,;iii,::‘+*:.:,ti',,'.i''''''-''''s'''.':'extt':;K'Qw;:4A'; --- ---•-.: : . :I'-w-.4.-i::Wi.t.t,:::;----•,l;4.viviz.,,At. :I:tt:',':#T",..'.-1,kii.,'...,,,—,---..----.7.• .ii.y.ii4,ll::,„:::.:sti-: , - - • ' ' - : :io::.:.:**:r'', ~ . ' ... -...- Ato.H.si'l'Ottili P:;4j.,..K ..,- ... ~.:i.,. ... tz:::.,-;.r.lioxlii. - . ~, : - __, ~.i]fi1f„p•.,),,,.....5..::: ..... '..--- .-,:-.':::roditfO:w: wiltpg?. ~....:;:::::....::-. '........., --;' ~-.. 7k,,1t...,,,:f.::.;',.1;:i11i51iti -c_,.....,,,,.::, i'l.' '.. 1.?:':,.i......i.)-!...',.:::,..:..11F1Y..,,,,4 -:: -,,ii•:,'......5.....;44111.i.ir1,::.i.1ii.ifi11ifi ' is. 14S, ' ----: :::-;:it•1ii.01..,..:':---f.fp:',,',..,::: I ~..'.' -.'• '..,:1...t......•-•„....-....f*,,!..;.0.0:::-...' 7......,•:;:,,..... .-.?.::4:14....imi11.:tiail rill. 7:!..1:'...:::11-tk,Vtiii.,;;:ttryll:•;,i,.,•.4:.,,,.1,1..,,r 7 0f:Fti:474.....,.. -.414 .....i.....3...1 ... .....- ...,,•:.:::::::::i::y..,..i.:.::::.!..1::!....3,:10g0. .::::::::itjiii.UV7i. . ' ' .:::::141WAtitiYi:::.: -4''''''''l.'77'....::::•-1--...'.•::::::::::•:g:•:.:A .:.0...:. .....4t;t:::;;;',...:::is:g:ii.4":**'.'ljeii. ......,.. .-,.....,:.....4.:1;:...: , :.......,:gi5:':•..........::.?14W:;.. .•;.;',. '...::::::t*:::'...:•••• - .... . iff.,......-.....:....4.1.Ar:1:::::..§::...,:-...;.::;,6;::'. i1ity.R.......-.7::.0:.:':.:. . . ... :1 ,444....,. ::::',...:6r':!:::''''S.lti:. :1;1', ' 14:::::.:': i.::.:i1k...'::::1:!''.':).'::'::...'... '..:7'..:.:;7:,:12.'s fr...:''F.::::.........•=7'....:**'::.... ' 01..,::; .11.1:%11.14.:'..:•:,. •-.."...i...01!:.......:::..:::'..' :•:-... ' .. ::•,' ::•:::::;.:i::::,:ti:,,,:::2::::•..i.:. -E•.'Aitis: • -'.iki ,i..Z.:':- ' ~.....- ..:e.,,,z.......1.4: .: - -,,.;.-....,-.:•....f..........4,r-i.. .- ...:2:-...;;L:4....... —.A::4 ~.. AM: ; ::::::::' 4i1::...: - i:...i. : • -:.....,..:.w.4',;;;.•-•:, ' '-'-:... -..';-. ,• ..‹.,'••••••ii•-i,.-,' •::.,•i••••:::::::..:-; :-.... - ....,'..4,4. . ~,i•i:::'•• •.,....,•.• •••• •.. - • -....0;1:::-..'.:,..:'::::: Z•.:.......•.... 4: :::::':"*..,:*;,:::: • :.: •:,•••• '....:,,t.,, :17,::,'": :"'::•• -..•.:::::kii•i: :: :'..: ...:i• •-•.9. .:...,... .::%. ' ' • • 4::-:'::-.......':•,,:::: •ii..... 1.,-s,, :::..i.'......:...., ...-*.5.;:).:: •-•:: i-...•-••::4:1zi.i,..:::,:t -'•:::::::. -1•M1,:;!•::. .-::::::: ••":.•'-'-....:;•-..t...-t- -::::::.::::::,•.ii :.s..'. i .i., .:::::::,..-•.:....- '. ' ' ':::,;.,•,•:,•. :••••: • . .:,..-..limi. - Ki...i,.: . ~...,.Nf?:,-,,...,:.: ~.;3...., • ~..,..bt:-1.,-?... : .::. ~......,..-......,p.,............. -,,i,:..:-........:::.-..,,;,, . i...,::' :. ... , .' ~..,......,.:::i.r.,........ . - . ..........,.. , ,'.......: -.t.::.y...1,:w.,.......:•::, ._,:,.:::-.;;:. -7.7.::17::::::::tr.4?;.:::::-.,-,,,,, **Or, • . . .';',••••:,..:i:;',..!:f*1 ::;:?,:•::';:j:::::;:, .4:, '•. •-•::::•.i....."••••?............. 2. ..' ...'g ....).t.i:-.l:' • '.';';': ...,:ii.iii.,",:l ''..' •-•;:fi;g:P.....:16;4: ~ilit::ii:',';E:liitilt ~.:.•,''... IP''' : iii6;i:litliSikt:::',:i...lgia:ilikii., :' .:,'•'.!!t ......i..-:NIR::21::'A '''..*:.•:'11y.i1vtiiii4‹:9,041.4.......:iviagk't:47.414:02i.,...i0..*,.,,,zi::.,.::31...4:04 •,:gt:::: -....:-....';',:-..A6P.:,.., :-..:•:::::,-,:lifq?.:.01;.•:..;,...,'<ivitix:•*:114:•;..11.*:.'ittltir.„..:.:Figt*,,,,'ZI.It0:1A1:.:.',..,::.-'::-.;;,.. Riti/,'::. '..—.% 15:7':...i..:',:i1'i1'-::•:..;:...::'.......l"::•'.:3il;::•ririiripc.:Akt:::l,l4'it.k:..,7.l.l.Filti.::.•4llo?':•.:V2:':;':;:mr.''':''T::•:-,....wita-• .., '. .....:,....,:i.. g... 3...:::.- ~..:-. . .4.,::::-..c... ~..:,.•.--ri,,,:s .-.-:.:.%..;-.:.....-... v05.v...., .:-....: '''..-. . .. -,4.1::•:.......,,,..1....1g:•:,:F.,-,..:4;,., .....-- ::•,..'- .....-,•:•:-:.:•:....e::,.....,..,:••••-• ••• i vo ~ . ::,.:...,....,:.,:::.:,,....,....,::•,..:,.,.... ' • ~....t,......: / ''.. I ie.. t

AREYOU DYSPEPTIC? Dyspepsia, gastritis or indigestion—call it what you like—is probably the most common ailment in the whole wide world. Particularly it is so in our own country, and, as with most other things, we blame it largely on the weather. But whatever the cause, if you have indi- gestion, pains after eating, acidity, flatulence. headaches, biliousness or constipation, your stomach and liver need help! Take Mother Seigel's Syrup after your meals, for a while, and prove for yourself its.splendid value in digestive troubles. The medicinal extracts which it contains tone up the stomach in a marvellous way, and regulate the action of the liver and bowels too. Test it yourself and banish your digestive troubles 1

CAMERAS AT HALF PRICE Before buying a new camera, send for our list. We have a large stock of high-class second- hand cameraspriced at half. and even less than half. of their original cost. We will make substantial allowance for your old camera in part exchange, of (purchase it outrightdor cash. WATSON'S Photo • 84 Hiel St. Specialists SHEF lELD

CAPTURE GERMAN TRADE 1 Investors, Manufacturers and Merchants should 0001144 g the resources of Canada's largest Province QUEBEC THE MINING INDUSTRY provides the raw materll/1 Of many British industries. Hardware, Enamelware nu" Woodware, Paper and Pulp offer excellent opporturatiell. AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS include Wheat, thi....41114 Potatoes, and other Field Crops. Other products incl." Butter, Cheese, Apples, Tobacco, Live Stook, Ao. wag QUEBEC OFFERS UNIQUE OPPORTUNITIES FOR PROFITABLE EMPLOYMENT OF BRITISH CAPITAx" For particulars apply: Lt.-Col. the Hon. P. PELLET' Agent-General for Quebec, 86, Kingsway, London,

EVERY WO .:,,::A.;,: Should send 2 stamps for our 32 page Illustrated P:ok containing valus.ble information how all Irregu-s) ritie? _ nd. Suppressions may be entirely avoided or rerruyea 0 ra , w byiumple means. Recommended byeminentPhysulans i. as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy._ NeverV Pail& Thousands of Testimonial& Established 1861 -, P. BLAI(CHARD4 cla.m, "Talston-lane, London 111110.111111111e1SIBIonatogial "

• p _ 41/ LCan be seen on the Screen at the following Picture Thcatres EVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY, Grand Electric Theatre, BRIDGE FOOT; Delbarwick Pavilion, BANK QUAY. Controlled Exclusively by the Gaumont Film Hire Service.

jliterature or undesirable films was not stated, ' at the Juvenile Court on Wednesday, when they were charged with stealing a silver casket, razor blade and other goods, value 55., the property of Agnes Lavin, 12, Cross-street. The Chief Constable said that an entrance was effected through the back kitchen window, which was securely fastened when, Mrs. Lavin left the house. On her return the kitchen was found in a state of disorder. Drawers had been ransacked and the contents strewn about the floor. A number of articles were missing. The parents of one of the boys resided next door to the prosecutrix, and a portion of the stam property was returned by the boy's father, in- cluding the small silver casket and the razor blade. The boys subsequently admitted to Detective Skelton having stolen the property. TRAM(I3) SHELTER. A tramp who was found by P.C. Hawkins sleeping in the tram shelter at the Cemetery terminus early on Wednesday morning, was sent to gaol for fourteen days by the magistrates at Wednesday's Police Court. ALLEGED FALSE PRETENCES. A remand of a week was granted yesterday, at the Borough Police Court, in the case of Jane Davies, alias Marshall, a van dweller, who appeared in the dock on a charge of ob- taining 17s. 6d. and a quantity of groceries by fAlse pretences from Mary Jane Clay, 164, Win- wick-road.—The Chief Constable stated that prisoner went to the shop of the prosecutrix on Tuesday and represented that she had been recommended to go there for home-made bread. She further said that she would be able to recommend fourteen families to deal with her for provisions and groceries. Prisoner then asked the prosecutrix to purchase a rug and asked 30s. for it. Eventually she pur- chased the rug for 17s. 6d. and the prisoner had groceries amounting to 10s., on the under- standing that she would get the custom which the prisoner said she would bring. Prisoner went away and was arrested by Detective- Sergeant Sumner at Frodsham. Subsequently two men went to the prosecutrix's shop and paid 275. 6d., in the belief they were going to help the prisoner. The Chief Constable added that Mr. Steel had been instructed on behalf of the prisoner, and he applied for a week's remand, which was granted.

LOOK TO YOUR . . . FIRE PROTECTION AND TO MERRYWEATHERS' PON FIRE EXTINGUISHING SUPPLIES. Inspections carried out by thoroughly drilled and trained Firs Inspectors. "London Made" Fire Hose, Head Fire Pumps, Chemical Extinctors, and Fire Escapes, ready for immediate delivery. MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACI2, i GININWICE.

You Can Rely On calarke'Safes Blrussure Remedy. In either Sea, for aU Acquired or Constitutional Discharges from Urinary Organs. Gravel. Pains in the Back and kindred complaints. Over 50 Years' Success. Of allCbemists. la Whoa. or Clarke's sent direct, post free. for Pills Slaty Penny Stamps by the 841 Proprietors The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co.. Ltd.. Lincoln. (Pre* frets Mercury)

ALL TOGETHER. Farmers Not Going To Separate Potatoes. A meeting of farmers from Warrington and surrounding districts, including Frodsham, Northwich, Chester, Knutsford, Ormskirk, St. Helens and Wigan, was held at the Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket-street, on Wednesday, to consider the question of the lifting of potato crops. The Secretary (Mr. J. W. Dyke) reported that the movement was entered upon by a few farmers who foresaw the advantage that would be (rained if a scheme could be adopted where- by 'the potatoes could be got without being sorted out as in previous years. At a recent meeting the farmers were urged to put on the market the whole of the potato crops without separating the smaller ones. The question of later raising by Lancashire and Cheshire was brought forward by Mr. Norcott, and it was proposed that all potatoes going to the market be thrown together, and that the same be carried into effect until such time as potatoes are put in the pit. The Co-operative Society were also in favour, as also were almost all the largest potato growers. If they would all cling together, there was no reason why the matter should not be a success. Several farmers who had attended recent meetings in different districts—Wigan, Knuts- ford, St.! Helens, Northwich, Preston Brook, and Stretton—said most of the farmers were in agreement with the scheme. A Farmer: What about seed? September will be too late for it. The Chairman (Mr. Marsh): The suggestion is that the seed be thrown out and the others left. After some discussion the following resolution was passed: "That this meeting of farmers, ! comprising Warrington, Northwich, FrOdsharn, Knutsford, Ormskirk, Wigan, St. Helens and !Liverpool and all other neighbouring districts, support the new movement re throwing the whole of the potato crops together until the end of September, and urges upon all the farm- ing community the vital necessity, owing to the great dearth of labour, &c., of strong co- operation in securing for the movement their unanimous support."

FREE.TO ALL SUFFERERS If you feel OUT of SORTS' *RUN DOWN' *GOT the BLUES. SUFFER from KIDNEY. BLADDER. NERVOUS DISEASEs, CHRONIC.WEANNESS,ULCERS,SKIN ERuPTIONS,PILES. write for FREE CLOTH BOUND MEDICAL BuOr ON these diseases and woNDERFuL CURES effected by THE NEWFRENCH _N REMEDY. reel N 5.3 T HERAPI O and aeculetor yourself if it is the remedy for YOUR OWN ailment. No 'follow up cit.. culars. Send stamp address envelope to flit. LECLERC MED.Co.HavEas rocs Ro.tiAmPsTEAD.LoNnoN.ENG 'lli/W.210e either No. Price 2/9 LEADING CHEMISTS.

"An Army Fights On Its Stomach" If men are to fight well they must feed well. And not only must they have access to good food but they must have digestive systems that CIUIV easily assimilate it. An army of dyspeptics would be little more efficient than an army of starving men. The same principle holds good in other spheres of human endeavour. In business, for example, where competition grows keener every year, no man can hope to make a permanent success who labours under the handicap of indigestion. The successful man is just the average man plus some extra energy, well directed, and energy is maintained by good food well digested. if you are conscious that your food Is not so easily and thoroughly digested as it should be, you may, in the ordinary course, take it for granted that your stomach, liver, and bowels need a special corrective medicine, than which none is better than Beecham's Pills. This famous specific exerts a very marked stimulating effect upon the digestive organs and thereby tones up and invigorates the general health. BEEc. tiAmAP s PILLS Sold everywhere In boxes, labelled Is. 3d and 3s.

pEOPLEare ~.quick to recognise special merit.----It is a significant fact that during the War the popularity of , „. "PUNCH" of / ha s be e , n 4i aMe \ . greatly aug- --' "---i' , mented. J, , II

OYER 50 YEARS' SUCCESS.—During the past fifty years thousands of letters have been received bear- ing testimony to truly wonderful cures effected by CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE. "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema. Abscesses, Ulcers, Glandular Swellings. Bad Lege, Skin and 'Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of arty kind, are solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Sold everywhere at 2e. NI. per beak& Refuge euirstituteck—Advt, 4.

KILL THAT INSECT, TOMMY. Send your pale "out yonder" some tine of HARRISON'S NURSERY POMADE. —they'll be very aseeptable. When you haven't time to wash there's a big chance you'll have "companions." A little HARRISON'S POMADE KILLS EVERY INSECT on hair and body. Ineist on having HARRISON'S POMADE. "Tin, of Comfort," at 4W. and 9d. Sold by all Chemists— or by post from HARRISON. Chemist, Beading.

Ladies r Wood's Challenge Remedy, Is guaranteed under the sum of 2100 to cure when others fail. Far superior to Pills. Pellets, or any Continental treatment. For all cases of irregulari- ties, however obstinate, CHALLENGE REMEDY is supreme. Price 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. Special 11.. Stamp for Book of Requisites. Established 25 years., Mr. & Mrs. W. WOOD, LADIES' MEDICAL SPECIALISTS, ft LOUIS-STREET. LEEDS.

FREE OFFER TO LADIES. To prove the superiority of ELLIS'S PILLS, I will send a free trial packet post paid. Pre- pared from the original recipe of a celebrated Nurse, and never fails in restoring regularity and correcting all disorders. Safe, certain and speedy pill that never disappoints. Thousands of letters of thanks testify to their speedy effi- cacy after all other things have been tried in vain. Each purchaser sends back testimonial, as they afford relief in every instance. There is nothing to equal them. 2e. 9d. per box. Special, pills (recommended). 4s. 9d.. Post Paid, in plain wrapper, with full directions and advice. Supplied through the post only hr MRS. ELLIS, 12, VALLANCE-ROAD, HOVE, SUSSEX. An interesting guide, 48 pages. 50 illustrations, sent free with each box. Men- tion paper.

x...ei.zoimm BLANCHARD'S PILLS Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, &c., they spspeedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate ail suffering. They supersede Pennyroyal, PH e.0.m., Bitter Apple,ac. , "BLANCHARWS aro the Best of an Pills for Women." Bold in boxes, 1/11„ by BOOTS Branches, and all Chemists, or post free, same price, from r LESLIE HARTTN, LTD. CHEMISTS, 34, DALSTON LAST, LONDON Free Sample and valuable Booklet, post free, id. Stamp.

HAIR DESTROYER James' Depilatory Instantly removes Superfluous Hairs from the faee Neck, or Arms. without injury to the skin. Of most chemists; or. free from observation, post free on receipt of Postal Order for is. 9d., ils. 9d., cn W.—Mrs. N. Jaws . Caledonian Road, London, If

Hotels, Boarding Houses, Apartments. A NGLESEY, " Dakota, Rhosneigr. ..4"3. Superior Furnished Apartments on beach; golf, boating, fishing; 3 entertaining-rooms; gobd cooking.

APARTMENTS or Board-Residence; moder- ate terms; bathroom; good scenery.—Mise Hughes, Rhydlanfair. Bettws-y-Coed. APARMI'ENTS.—DoubIe-bedded room and sitting-room; also small Furnished Cottage to Let.—Apply Richards, Britannia Inn, Llangollen. A PARTMENTS.—Magnificent scenery, over- • looking the Abbey; with or without board.— Roberts, Tyn-y-Pistyll Villa. Pentredwr, Llangollen. A PARTMENTS to Let at Australian Arms, ▪ Trevor, near Llangollen; _minute station. . _ APARTMENTS.-2 Bedrooms,. Sitting-room; sea and mountain air; terms £1 weekly.— Mrs. Parry. Menai View, Tregarth. Bangor. APARTMENTS ; close to sea and trains; moderate terms.—Edwards, 10. Pleasant- street. Craig-y-Don, Llandudno. BARMOUTH.—West End Pension, on sea front; excellent table; terms moderate.— Winchester. BARMOUTH, Min-y-Mor.—largest boarding house on seashore; health, plaasure, evening amusements; sunny rooms; full board; separate I tables; homelike; Ss. daily.—Lloyd. BEAUTIFUL GRANGE.-11—Caltby Rooms, un- furnished from £lO yearly, furnished from 325. monthly; limited service.—Lingholme, Grange-over- Sands.

BENLLECH BAY, Anglesey.—Comfortable Apartments; beautifully situated facing beach. —Mrs. Parri, Brynarfon. BLATCKP OOL . —Athol House, 3, Mount-street, N.S.; public and private; near sea and trams. Mrs. Taylor. proprietress. ECA-C ICP 0 0 L. —Dudley House, 64, Abingdon- stteet. Splendid situation, 1 minute North Pier. 4 minutes stations. close G.P.O. Homely Apartments, with or without board; terms moderate. —Mrs. Elwell (late of Warrington).

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. Barker, Chesham House, 19. Alfred-street; homely Apartments; central for amusements; near sea.

BLACKPOOL. Mrs. Wardleworth, 68, Tyldesley-road, Central, close to sea, pier and trams; terms moderate; stamp.

BLACKPOOL.—Bannister, 6, St. Bede's- avenue, B.S. Comfortable Apartments; splen- did for children; 1 minute sea, station. Piano. CHWILOG, 5.0., NORTH WALES.—Fur- nished House to be Let, any period; 4 bed- rooms; garden; bath; station 2 miles; most healthy neighbourhood • magnificent scenery.— Griffiths, Llithfaen, Pwliheli. CILYATOG—. Carnarvon Bay.—Quiet, lovely resort; sea and mountains; Comfortable Apartments.—Apply Rey. H. Roberts.

COLWYN BAY. Elmhurst, Lawson-road. Public and Private Apartments. COLWYN BAY.—Comfortable Apartments, public or private; 5 minutes from Promenade Station; Board-residence- Beds. 2/6 night 2 persons. —Williams, Salopia, 9. ilawarden-road. COLWYN BAY.:—Homely Apartments; two bedrooms, one sitting-room.—Mrs. Norris, " Myrtlewood," 21. Lawson-road. Stamp.

COLWYN BAY.—Mrs. Eccles (late Black- burn). Clinton House, Woodland-road West, Apartments, central.

COLWYN BAY (Rhos end).—Apartments, or Board-Residence; moderate terms; near sea.— Fletcher, Valentia, Upper Promenade. COMFORTABLE Furnished House; 4 bed- rooms.. 2 sitting-rooms, kitchen; sea and mountain air; 6 minutes' walk from seashore; modest charge- June, July, August. —Hughes, Glan Eilian, Milan Bay, 431awch, Anglesey. CATFORTAI3Lt APARTMENTS, off Prom.; 2 minutes station and amusements; terms moderate.,Mayor, 47, West-street, Southport. DERBYSlllRE.—Comfortitble —Apartments to Let; good plain cooking; beautifully situated. —Mrs. Palmer, Parkwood, Bakeivell, Derbyshire.

COLWYN BAY.—Homely Apartments, M near sea and station,_• moderate.—Archer, Wynnstay-road (late anchester). COLWYN BAY.—Private and Public Apari- ments, close to sea and woods; good cooking; stamp reply.—Bailey, " Innisfaile," Grove-road.

FAIRBOURNE. " Traethmeirion " : Stone Bungalow adjoining beach; 1 reception, 4 bed rooms, kitchen, bathroom (h. and c.), May-July.— Young Evans, Aberystwyth-. FURNISHED HOUSE, 'garden, near sea, Prestatyn. N. Wales; June-July-September terms very moderate.—Cordon, 24, Merridale-road, Wolverhampton. FURNISHED HOUSE, containing 4 bedrooms, 2 entertaining-rooms, kitchen, motor garage; terms moderate.—Mrs. Hughes, Rose-hill, Rhosybol, Anglesey.

FURNISHED HOUSE; three good bedrooms, two entertaining-rooms, kitchen, &c.; garden; beautiful situation between Carnarvon and Llan- beris.—Gregory, Gladys, Carnarvon.

ITALKYN.—Comiortable Apartments; -moder- ate charges.—M. Carrington. Glasfryn. HOLIDAY HUT, delightfully situated, Shrop- shire; beautifully furnished; bedroom and kitchen; good fishing.—Farrar. Kinuerley. °awes- try.

P_ ELAND: DUNDALK & BLACKROCK.— Beautiful country and sea; direct sailing from Liverpool.—B. WGeown, Lorne- Hotel, Dundalk. Weekly tariff from 235.

LADY and Daughter, private house in good residential part of Morecambe, 2 minutes from Promenade, have Superior Furnished Dining and Bed Rooms to Let, any period, with attendance; good cooking; no children; no other visitors; write early.—Particulars, 50,, Scott-road, Morecambe. LLANDRINDOD WELLS : Greenlands, Temple-street.—Select private Apartments; facing common and golf links; electric light; per- fect sanitation; terms moderate.—Mrs. Morxis.

LLANDUDNO.—Furnished Villa, near shore; 2 Sitting, 4 Bed Rooms, Bathroom (h. & c.); moderate.—H., 2. Craigydon Villas.

- • -- -- LLANDUDNO. Homely and comfortable Apartments; very central; two minutes from pier and promenade; terms moderate.—Mrs. Robin- son (late of Warrington), The Poplars, Clement- avenue, Llandudno. LLANDUDNO. Mrs. Derbyshire, Kinver House, Mostyn-avenue. Public and private Apartments; board. Beds from 2s. per night; moderate charges. Sea and mountain view. One minute from Promenade. LLANDUDNO.—The Carlton, Augusta-street. Public or Private Rooms from 2/6 per night; 3 minutes station and Pier.—Mrs. N. Jones.

LLANDUDNO. Apartments at strictly moderate charges can be secured at The Ho'lies, Maelguyn-road. Comfort, cleanliness and punctuality assured. Near beach and cars. LLANFAIRFECHAN.—Jones, Brynia, Valley. road: Comfortable Apartments; terms moder- ate; 3 bedrooms, 4 beds, '2 sitting-rooms; hot and cold water.

MENAI STRAITS, mountain and sea view; 2 bedrooms, sitting-room, and piano, 21/- weekly.—Jones, Ael-y-Bryn, Port Dinorwic. MORECAMBE, W.E.—Apartments, Superior; sea view; board. optional; experienced cook.— Evenden, 11, Windsor-terrace.

_ NEAR BARMOUTlL—Apartments, or Board- Residence; modern private house; high situa- tion; garden; sea views; June. July; 2 sitting, 5 bed, bath.---_-Tygolen,_Llwyngwril, Merioneth. NEW—BRIGIITON.—WeII-furnish-id Apart- ments; near sea and Promenade; terms moderate.—Mrs. Pitt, 105, Rowson-street.

NORTH WALES.—St. Bruno Hotel, Clynnog, is beautifully situated between Carnarvon and Ywllheli; facing sea; good accommodation for visitors; terms moderate.—E. Watkins, proprietor.

IVORTH WALES.—To Let, furnished, good 11 Bedroom and Sitting-room, facing Menai Straits; quiet, healthy place; good bathing; close to Griffith Crossing Station; 2 miles Carnarvon.— Kebby, Partria Brickworks, Carnarvon.

ORMSKIRK.—Board and Apartments, near station; healthy surroundings. Week-end Cyclists catered for—Misses Williams, 107, Burs- cough-street.

p-RESTATYN. Paying Guests received (boarders); also Furnished Cottages to Let; gas-cookers, pianos.—Mrs. Smith, " Drakelow," Prestatyn. "Stamp."

PORT WILLIAM, Wigtownshire.—Double bedroom, bed-sitting-room, now on; attend- ance.—Reid, South-street. RHOS-ON-SEA. Comfortable Apartments, near sea and shops. Wood, " Croyde," Mauldeth-road. Rhos-on-Sea.

RAMSEY, Isle of Man.—Solway [louse: Private Apartments, overlooking park, bay; mile shore.—Mrs. Evans. RHOSNEIGR.—Superior Farmhouse Apart- ments; 3 sitting-rooms, 6 bedrooms; near sea, golf, free shooting.—Brynowen, Llanfaelog, Angle se 1111,-43, West Promenade. Public and Private Apartments. Uninterrupted view serf, mountains; close amusements, shops.—Mrs. Lowe.

Rooms to Let in Farmhouse, close to beach; moderate terms.—Apply Mrs. Jones, Bryn Glas Farm, Llandwrog, near Carnarvon, North Wales. ROYAL—rdItICULTURAL SHOW, MAN- CHESTER.—Visitors requiring Apartments or Board-Residence apply Leopold's Residential and Commercial Hotel, 185-187, High-street, Oxford- road, Manchester. SEASIDE HOME, temporary or permanent, offered little Girl (6-12); very moderate terms. —Somerset, 18, Hogarth-road, Earls Court, London. SOUTHPORT.—Well-furnished Rooms to Let; central position; terms moderate.—" Abbots. bury." 23; Duke-street. SOUTHPORT.—Young-Person Wanted at once for Help in Company House; soldier's wife pre- ferresi.-41, King-street. SOUTITTUTT. Comforiahle rpartmenis, near sea, promenade, and band amusements; beds, 2s. two persons.—Mrs. Morgan, 27, Stanley- strqet.

WEST KlRBY.—Comfortable Apartments, V every convenience; 2 doors from Promenade; terms, 2/- and 2/6 per night. 2 persons.-22. Albert, WEST KlRBY.—Comfortable homely. Apart- ments; first house off Promenade; Beds, 2/- two persons.—McKenzie. 24. Albert-road.

Alill3ULANCk—Wanted, Female, to take charge of Works Ambulance Station. Must be qualified to render first aid to the injured and possess nursing certificate.—Write, stating age, ex- perience. and wages required to Box S. W., " Ex- aminer " Office, Warrington. AKER.—Wanted, at once, Table Hand; best wages given.—Apply U. and J. Strange, Latchford, Warrington. BOOT REPAIRER Wanted at once, ineligible for Army. .Trade union wages and War rsonus.—Apply Co-operative bociety boot Manager, Cairo-street, Warrington. CiLERGYILAN'S Daughter, 20, Requires post ‘..:) in school or private family as Governess or ' Lompanion-fielp; capable; specialist in drawing, painting, dancing.—Cordon. 24. Merridale-road, Wciverbampton. CLERKS.—Wanted, an experienced Young Lady for general office work; must be quicx and accurate.—Apply. by letter, stating full experi- ence and salary required. to Cuff and Co.. Ltd., Powis-street, Woolwich. B.E. RAPERS.—An experienced Young Lady required to take First Sales in Haberdashery Department; also Smart Juniors; good salary paid. —Apply, by letter, stating full experience and salary required, to Cuff and Co.. Ltd., Powis-street, Woolwich, B.E. DRAPERS.—An experienced Young required to take lirst Sales in Lace Depart- ment; also Smart Juniors; good salary paid.— _pply, by letter. stating full experience and salary required, to Cuff and Co., Ltd., Powis-street, Wool- wich, S.E.

• RAPEFIS.--junior Young Ladies required AY for Baby Linen. Gloves, Lace and Haber- dashery Departments; to live in or out; closing 7.30 Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday; 9 o'clock Friday and Saturday.—Apply, by letter, stating full experience e:nd salary required, to Cuff and Co.. Ltd.. Powis- street, Woolwich, S.E. EARN .P. 2 weekly addressing envelopes, spare time; instructions 3d.—Knight, 76, Mansford- street. London., E. FOREIGN FANCY- Experienced Young Ladies required for Leather Goods. Sta- tionery. Toys and Foreign Fancy Departments; to live in.—Apply. by letter, stating fall experience and salary required, to Cuff and C 0.., Ltd.. Pawls- street, Woolwich. S.E. STWERIOR GIRL Wanted for High-class Shop and Housework.—Merryl. 65. Wilmslow-read, Withington, Manchester.

WOMEN TEACHERS desiring posts in South Africa should apply to the Education Secre- tary, South African Colonisation Society, 23, Army and Navy Mansions, S.W. 2000 MEN and WOMEN Wanted to study Electrical Engineering by Hawkins s Guide Method. The cheapest and most perfect system known. Total cost only Two pounds Ten shillings, in instalments of Five shillings per month: Grand opportunity.—Edwin A. Mansfield and Co., Electrical Engineers, New Brighton.

• Miscellaneous on Sale. BEDDING PLANTS of every description.— 12. Sankey-street. and 112. Bridge-street, War- rington. BEDDING-PLIINTS:=StOas, Asters, Lobelia, Antirrhinums, all transplanted. 3d. per doz.; other plants just as cheap.—Powell's Shops and Nurseries, Warrington.

00MIC Reading Cards, quaint series, 32 differ- ent kinds. 1/-.—Robinson. 265. Hyde-road. Manchester.

CHESTNUT HORSE, good worker in all gear, suitable for farm, light lurry. or van work; price £18; or will exchange for heavier built horse. --Cunliffe, coal merchant, Cheshire Lines Goods Station, and 133, Portland-street. Southport. ENGLISH TOMATOES. Powell's Shope, Warrington.

HEARSE, light, glass sides, own build, good as new. great reduction, cash or easy terms.— Marston. 24. Bradford-street, Birmingham. lAN SALE, Strong Greengrocer's Cart; also A.l Strong Handcart.—For particulars apply No. 6, Fothergill-street, Warrington.

ON which weekday were you born? Send date of birth (7d. in stamps) and I will tell you with Character for each day.—Alpha, c/o P. 0., Shillingford, Wallingford.

SODA FOUNTAIN makes best drinks, Lemon- ade and all others: 3d. dozen. List free.— Atkinson, Threlfali-road. Blackpool. 2100.—Facrreeehld, Land;2 k3leant.c(Tonutzs.cottes auction- eers. 43. Church-road, Hove.

IONSUMPTION, Asthma, Diabetes cured by lJ Indian herbs. 2/6, V-, 12/6.—lndian Remedies, Saidpur, Bengal.

CIL-EAR Worms rapidly. Squire Giles' Worm Powders for Pigs, Sheep and Dogs (special powder for each). Used by foremost breeders, 2 powders 6d., with full directions, of Squire Giles' Co., Cardiff, or through chemists. PULLY-TRAINED NURSES for private work —medical, surgical, maternity, fever.—Nurses' Association, 132, Withington-road, Whalley Range, qlanchester. Tel. 19 Chorlton.

LADIES FREE !—Please write for Free Trial of Dr. Wilson's Famous Tabloids for all irregularities, &c. Guaranteed under the sum of 1,000 to effect a cure when all others fail. Acts like magic! Failure impossible. Thousands of unsolicited testimonials. Advice free.—Nurse Kaye, 87. Great George-street, Leeds. LADIES.—Mrs. W. Wood, Medical Specialist in all Female Ailments, Irregularities, Ansemia, etc. Do not waste time or money experimenting with unknown remedies when "Challenge Remedy" will cure you. Price 2e. 9d., 4s. 6d. Advice free.— Mr. and Mrs. W. Wood, 20, Louis-street. Leeds. LADIES. Nurse Hammond's ImprOW:a Remedies act in a few hours when all else fails. Surprisingly effective. • Send stamped en- velope for FREE SAMPLE to E. C. Hammond, 304. High Holborn, London. WHY STAMMER? Particulars free.—Write The Charlesworth Co., "Speech Specialists," 47, Sankey-street. Warrington.

THE SOLDIER'S QAFEGITARD. )•° . WORCESTER'S DYSENTERY POWDERS. A preventive and a cure instantly made and quickly effectual. SEND SOME TO YOUR BOYS, whether in France, Egypt, India. or the Mediter- ranean. Testimonial: "St. Michael's Park, Bristol. My son at the Eastern Front writes: 'Send me more Dysentery Powders; my chums and I have found them invaluable; send plenty.' H. E. Ninnes." Price 1/3 per packet, post paid, of the Proprietor only: F. WORCESTER. KINGSDOWN. BRISTOL.

L 2,500, A:500, .2500, £l5O, A:300, and A:300 (separate sums) TO LEND ON MORTGAGE at 5 per cent. interest.—Apply to Mr. H. J. LONGTON, Solicitor, Warrington. WARRINGTON & SOUTH LANCASHIRE Y V INVESTMENT CORPORATION. LTD. Registered Office: 11, MILL-STREET, WARRINGTON. The Corporation is prepared to make ADVANCES upon interests or expectations under wills and life policies, or other securities, or to purchase the same outright. For further particulars apply as above. S. GREEN CHAPPELL, Secretary. DEAL WITH A FIRM HIGHLY RECOM- MENDED.

Cash Posted Privately. No Expenses Incurred. £25 Repay £1 Monthly I £lOO Repay £4 Monthly. 50 „ £2 .. 1200 „ £8 Or Repayable Quarterly, Half-yearly, or Yearly. H. KERMAN, 5, NEW BROWN-STREET, MANCHESTER. 25 TO £5,000 LENT DAILY ON THESE TERMS for agreed periods :- 5 loan. Repay £5 10s. £25 loan, Repay £27 10e. £lO „ 11 60 „ 83 15 „ 16 10a. 50 „ £55 £2O „ £22 £lOO 110 No sureties, no dday, no publicity. Special Attentzon to applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219, BRUNSWICK. STREET, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON-STREET (over Bradley's Clothing Shop), NORTHWICH. A RE VAT WILLING TO PAY 4e. in the X LX.. INTEREST for Money for Twelve Months? I LEND MONEY ON THESE TERMS. A £5O Loan will cost you £lO for 12 months; a 100 Loan will cost you £2O for 12 months—other amounts in proportion. I do not advertise ridicu- lous terms, such as is. in the Z, which usually means for a period.of one month. My terms are in plain English-4s. in the .£ interest for 12 months. I GUARANTEE YOU ABSOLUTE PRIVACY. and Loans are arranged WITHOUT SECURITY OR SURETIES. All applications receive my personal attention, and loans can be granted on the same day ao applied for. If desired business will be completed through the post. I am the Actual Lender, TRADING IN MY OWN NAME (not assumed or styled as a Bank or Company); you have, therefore, no commissions or fees to pay. A. D. DENNY, 6 and 7. PA,TehonMeASLBIL9, City, CHESTER. Telegrams: "Moderate, Manchester."

ON HONOUR'S SCROLL. DIED. PRIVATE T. J. WILLIAMS. Official News Received That He Has Died In Hospital. Official news has now reached Mr. and Mrs. T. Williams, 43, Longford-street, that their son, Private Thomas Jolley Williams, of the South Lancashire Regiment, has died of wounds. As we reported last week, Mr. and Mrs. Williams were first informed that their son had died of wounds in hospital, but the following day Private Williams him§elf wrote that he had been wounded, but was progressing favourably. On Friday, however, a telegram was received to the effect that he was dangerously ill, whilst later another one came from the Record Office at Shrewsbury officially announcing his death in hospital on June 2nd. Private Williams, who was 21 years of age, enlisted on the Ist September, 1914, having been previously employed as a moulder by Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co., Ltd., where he had worked since leaving school. He was drafted to the Dardanelles in June, and in November was sent home with frost-bitten feet. He was an in- mate of the Netley Hospital for a month, and, after recovering, was sent to the theatre of war, in which he has met his death. He was educatad at St. Ann's School'. His father, who is a wire- drawer by trade, but who has had to relinquish that occupation through ill-health, enlisted the same week as his son, but was discharged after five weeks' service. He is at present an emplove of the Alliance Box Company, Ltd., Orford-lane. CORPORAL F. ISHERWOOD. Dies In Cairo Hospital From • Appendicitis. Official news was received on Wednesday by Mr. and Mrs: H. Isherwood, Heathfield, Fair- field-road, Latchford Without, of the death of their eldest son, Corporal Frank Forster Isherwood, M.T., A.S.C., in hospital at Cairo from appendicitis. Corporal Isherwood, who was in the Water Engineer's Office, enlisted in the second month of the war, was promoted to full Corporal last December, and in January went to Egypt. For some weeks past he had been Acting-Sergeant of his section. He was 22 years of age. No details are yet to hand as to his illness. Mr. and Mrs. Isherwood's second son, S. H. Isherwood, is a Sapper in the Royal Anglesey Royal Engineers, and for the past nine months has been on active service in France.

MISSING. PRIVATE J. FORSYTH. Conflicting Reports As To His Fate. Mrs. Forsyth, a widow, of 10, Eaton-street, has received official news to the effect that her son, Private James Forsyth, of the Royal Scots, is missing. A comrade, however, Private J. Jeffery, has written to say that Private Forsyth was killed on the 14th of•last month. "I !eft him in the firing line" ran the letter, ". and it

...",..11,,-,:,,,,,g:7'r"-;:.,::;•...]:.....,..,:::4liiiiii.iiiiiiillifigJ.s3;:l'OZ?itii.i.., :tor. i'',,•,,5,,,.g1,:t....,:.::,.,-..• ~ . ...,• •• • ••:, I§l4l.ilitit.)losll-;-- , .::.1,..:::.,..1:..i1mf...i.r.:::: . -,,, ....•.0.4....':',-..:'..: " . :iiiik.,,,, itt . ... .....:....i...:...:14...,.•-.-.,-....•• : '..40i,;.,..,. -..........-....... .......:..,:ak,...;.:-...E.,k.5..!;:i.i.:.*. : :-....-...:::..,'.......-...,;:..P:, ..:::: ~ •.. ,k.,......'.'::.:..-:: .. ~i.,,-.::........;.:.,:w.,,,,:......4:::iit::: . ... ' .. ... '.........-::::...1........-..::::...,-..... .. ......::;k:.,.,.../.,,.-.... -:' ..,....::.:::-,.:::-..ilsmr. `?,;:igi?.:.,ii.,... . .. .. „....:...: . . ..... . ~.,,,, i ... . ::. •....„:...:. . ..,,,,,g..,,,,4 .",.. ::;,,,::::::.:...:.. •-•.,.........:::::::',...........•,....;..... ...:,:::...A.....-.....i.'...,.............. i.' •:-:....::i.::::''.?.0..-:.-. ,' :• - '.i.:..a.:::.,....:,-... ..' :: ......,yO,-0.;:.,,,:f..,.....,..„..::::. , ::::::........,....:., ~. . ~.. : . ~:„.,...,:.....,.....: tt.:,,,,,..•:.:..;:i:".:-...::'. - . ' '.......:,.....,.........,•:...,::.........,,,, . ... i,.. . . :',..-. ..:. . . . . . .1,.. ' . .... .-. .'. • ..:' . - : ' , . , . ......... ...,.......... : ... . , . . :. . . : ..... . . . ::. -...'.„0 .. ' .'ib......:. . .- . ...." . : ~. . .... ::::,-.:.......... .: . . ' . .... ... . . .. .. , : : . . - ....;. . ..' .- . ...... .: ... • . : ~... , . .. , .-..,..& .. '.• i - •.: '... .. HiV .:. . '2, . .

PRIVATE J. FORSYTH. Missing.

GLOBE FURHISHINC CO. PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. • LEADINC, LARGEST, and MOST RELIABLE HOUSE FURNISHERS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS All furniture we sell is manufactured under our own control and supervision. F ATISFACTION CUARANTEED OR MONEY RETURNED IN FULL Whether transaction is for cash or on easy payments, price includes FREE AND SAFE "DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. Payments may be made either weekly, monthly or quarterly. We are always willing' to arrange TERMS TO SUIT THE CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS There is no interest charged, nor any extra charges of any kind. FOR CASH A DISCOUNT OF 2/- In the £ IS ALLOWED You will save money in furnishing by inspecting our stock or sending or writing for our LARGE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGW'Ree by post or onapplroation GLOB (J- R. GRANT, Proprietor). FURNISHINC CO. PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. '- Business Hours 9 to S. MIA,. Closing, Saturday 1

says that the patient is getting along splendidly: "There is no occasion for anxiety as he is having the best of care and is in excellent condition." Corporal Reynolds, who is 22 years of age, is an employe of the Health Department of the Corporation. • • PRIVATE G. WRIGHT. One Of A Patriotic Family Wounded • In Two Places. Mrs. Wright, 14, School-street, has received news that her husband, Private George Wright, of the Cheshire Regiment, has been wounded in. action. According to a letter from a comrade,

• . .- .„ i ...,. . ...' ' . ' .:,;•::::: -.• •• Ilk .• ,ft.,•• ' ' .:•-•:'.. -'. . •,,Th.... , , ..... . . ..: .., ~ j:•:... ' _/... : , . . i.,'....:.:::;.;::,:1c,..•r,..i?.. %........*::::.''.4iWii:o:4.:::' ..: '.:.:tt.r.i..,'.. ' .., '''.:.::.:•.i....;,.. ... :g::::g.i:i:::::::::',.44::.i ":','''''.' !....: ''' ~ • . .........,?:nataiiiigiej.. . .1..:....:',,,ii,..'"e7.,-$.4r.• '..::;'.;::?,.:: ' ..,7,11: ;-... . ..?"p';':::ie.i..?;...-;,.:.::if.::: -- •••• • ',,,..& '''''''...4'.'.:!, , ' '"-: 't.:4'..:.2.:fi'.:;;...;4 , ..--•.:•;•T ;.;;,;i.3•:4,i',15w.,t1.44,77.A._7-, •ti•• • -'ll , ~.,."4`...:,1...1;.%. ",:,...-,F,...,-•,;>;,.:',..4: • -..,,:,....,., ' ..,,,,,,...I.:l4',liiritAt,ll7:i. ...:•..;••,:i:tte,...,h,, !,:ki:,.:-:,.• '''',;.:rii.:•441?','•*,;.4.77:17*.1t,ii.,-. .:k-...;',4•-•:-.`•,.'-'::::.i.Y...!•'.;.:.'''......., , ~.,..tt.,441;f.,1::';•:;,:::::.'..4'.:<:.ii.,..P.14-t4e:''''..i.,........-•:::7 .1. '''••• ''s' ,-,r.i;'•tik,..l!';..,t,ftQfq4lk.,•t.kt__Af:K..i.::.-•••;',•:..'•:;:.', .:-..' ......r.:!. ' dt.k, ' .--,,i,,,,,..k0f.i.-/••••:).0:::::,...'4.e.':::•..ik,•••k;•a:.,:;.,,,•,... ~--.. . ...› -..-. ' . ..-....t*,t'ikr44.14. : ':- 7.'... -':'''. :::::.'::::---,.'-'•.'.....,...,..44-,.;::•t;:tIN .'.•••••:;...5'''....'::::.aie.,'..*::1::: ri114.4....,......."•';.-- . . 7 ,i•.•-••••.•::, ••••••.- .• - .;:f.4....:.?: •- i: ..),•4?....!.-:,ic-•••••4 ... .... ..:•:•,::.::,:., . ,;:;-. •;.•••?..:-.;•;.- ... ..*••....... . ....„.. .. .. ..... -....,::: : •,. ..;, ~:.•-.....',.. • - • ~ , •• ..'....., -.-. •:',-, .• - -...-..:f.;•....,,..- 0....,. . . ... , ~. . • ' , . . .. • . ''..."-•••••••.::::: • i::::.•‘....' • '•14`.....4•*1 . . .:„. . ~..,....,,,.- , , -. ' -e••• , PRIVATEwouGn. Wounded. WRIGHT. -

Private Wright was struck in the leg and shoulder after finishing writing a letter to his wife. He is now in hospital. . Private Wright, who is a native of Liverpool, has been in the Army twelve months, and at the Front six months. His father is attached to the National Reserve, while his brother is a Cor- poral in the A.S.C. Three brothers-in-law are also serving, one of them being a local Terri- torial. LOCAL CASUALTIES. In the lists of casualties published during the. week we have noticed with regret the following: local names Killed. King's (Liverpool) li4•l.7imont.—J. W. liumph- reys, 11888. Wounded. Royal Irish Rifles.—W. Welch, 5165. Loyal North Lancs. Begiment.—H.„ Brooks, , 13562. Particulars Required. , As it is difficult for us to trace .some of the' casualties in the lists we should appreciate the assistance of friends and relatives. We insert • the fullest information and photographs of local men on being supplied.

IF YOU NEED SSES Have a pair which will improve your personal appearance. Our Stock in- cludes the Newest Productions which are the last word in daintiness. Call and see our speciality, the " KRYPTOK Invisible bi-focal lenses. R. JACKSON MOSS, 69, LONDON-RD., STOCKTON HEATH.

Fop. Best House Coal NUTS & SLACK, WASHED NUTS, BEANS, & PEAS, CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS, LTD. COLLIERY PROPRIETORS. Dallam Lane, Warrington, AND AT CAR TERMINUS, LATCHFORD- All inquirits ti F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent'
