===== 0002601_19011227_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
R. .11OLLINGIVORT11. AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCH FORD TILE AND MOSAIC PAI EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS. ac. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chain) Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams :—" HOLLINGWORTS, LatCh!Ord."

===== 0002601_19011227_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
MORTON & SAMPSON (W. MORTON & WALTER T. SAMPSON) ARE RtMOVING FROM 2. KNUTSFORD-ROAD. TO TRINITY-BUILDINGS, CORPORATION-STREET,

WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES CIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF /ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL WORK.

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD.,

DYERi AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTBR.

BY SPECIAL ROYAL WARRANT OF APPOINT KENT

TO HIS MA.JETIY THE KING.

. . TT Atiso 0 -TITS ROYL7.!;',;:r.,,,,,^lNuss, r;-fr, pnircE. OF W,•3. HAVE THE Ir Y, OUR TO A.NNC ONCE 'I'HAT • THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, GEO. WRIGHT SON, LTD.,

Le one of ..he oldest Firms of Drrs in the Kingdom, being established in '.f. .17CIIRSTER 1835. LIVERPOOL 1825. LONDON 1790. PRICE LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BE RAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH' OFFICE, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET.

Goods left with our Agent, Arthur Davidson, 61, Bridge Street. (late Lowe and Laithwaito will receive prompt attention and be charged the same prices 89 at our Branch.

4,ZERGE JACKETS! S ttG E JACK !TS ! Every workman should have one of HIWUR'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, linoblqinutET, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1-5 4,4•Aitt,)

===== 0002601_19011227_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
, GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S NO BITTER.S, WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CAM or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICIC ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGE CLASS MIEINRAL WATERS Vcre-r-storperecl Elite. Telephone Do. q TORES, OW EN ISTRERT. DR. CLARKE'S TANGERINE • EMULSION SPEEDILY RELIEVES COUGH, BRONCHITIS. WHOOPING COUGH, IRRITATION, ETC. As Tangerine Emulsion contains neither Opiates nor Narcotics, it can be tllien by persons of all ages without loss of Appetite. Constipation, or other evil effects. is. per bottle. f-urn JOHN WILLIAMS AND SON, LTD.. Stores, and Medicine Vendors, etc. See Testimonials. POST FREE Is. 4d. SCHAUB AND CO., 17, BRAZENNOSE-STREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-OLASS RUPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO

EVANS,

'Nam :—BEAMONT-STRBET, NEAR THE INFIRMARY (13 NF.A.Ra WITH GARNETTS). CHARGES VERY REASONABLE.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SPLENDID RANGE OF

ARTISTIC NOVELTIES

FOR PRESENTS AND PRIZRS SUITABLE FOR ALL KINDS OF

COMPETITIONS, WHIST DEIVES, &c. E. & Co., respectfully invt`e intending purchasers to inspect their display irrespective of purchase and guarantee the prices to be fixed on the very lowest competitive scale.

EVERY ARTICLE IS NEW AND UP-TO-DATE

• TELEPHONE C. 41 & 43, SA NKEY- STREET WARRINGTON.

THE FANCY DRESS BALL GIVEN. BY THE MAYOR AND MAYORESS. SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS BEING MADE AT THE STUDIO TO MEET ALL REQUIREMENTS OF FANCY COSTUMES. PHOTOGRAPHS REQUIRED FOR CHRISTMAS SHOULD BE ORDERED AT ONCE, 10 ENSURE BEING READY IN TIME. APPOINT MENTS WILL OBLIGE. LEGH HO USE Pil OTOG-RAPHIC STUDIOS. WARRINGTON.

K.1AT51.116.13.11iD 18313. NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. RICHARD JEFFREYS, _ 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER ANC PRITST SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and EirOodas Presents, School Prizes, to. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIO VOGLAPEIS for Cryatuleum and Panel Paint. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBRCCATION.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CHANGE OF ADDRESS.

C. H. MILLS

(SON OF " CHOPSTICKS ") THE WELL-KNOWN WARRINGTON HERBALIST

HIS REMOVED TO 15 MILL-STREET (OFF THE FISEL MARKET) WARRINUTON;

===== 0002601_19011227_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
IHIPPHISDALK MAHOGANY VVEHMANIELb, EL 178. 64.. £3 158 , 11E4 15s.

All nrass IiNDSINAD, full size, 411. 6in. 10 S. by 61t. 6ins. ; 2-inch pillars ; a bargain. Usual price £8 15s.

10 S. 6D. 111A„°eHalze" gsjtlvl‘lllP-sriKee 21s From a bank- supt stock; Mearinz them out at 106 6,1 each. _ _

18;. 6 VM.A. BIN AIL 0 Nal BtotinD T D and WOOL t 4

===== 0002601_19011227_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
DELICIOUS.

RED WHITE & BLUE COFFEE.

For Breakfast and after Dinner. SOLD EVEBYWHERE.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH. Appointments unnecessary I bat may arranged_ _ TEETH Alloonsultatlons free, TEETH. Bach patient Intern- ai beforehand of work requlred.

TEETH. Gold and other fillings at naodesatt charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. m. Painless lixtra;tlrwtre as hitherto by the p c TEETH. taker te Deucnrcs of 10,000zallons weekly. Exors, of the late tje Ha (trwriz? MANCHESTER —....-46, MOSLEY-STII .- .1111,1: (Telephone 1680), MR. ITADDIsoN ATTENDS

de

O

EA

ST. HELENS —.--GEORGE -STREET _ MONDAI, 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m WARRINGTON ...___ —.3A, SANKEY-STREET , , WEDNESIMY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN BRIDG TREtii THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICTI— 18. APPLEMARKET-- ' FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5. JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, • 1 FUNERALS FURNISHE *;•. UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION.' ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OP REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY • „y• ATT&NDED TO. ‘, • •

MIN■

NM

r -

I 4

II

•

THE STRIKING SUCCESS 4- - • WHICH HAS ALL ALONG ATTENDED THE EFFORTS •Or , BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS TO SUPPLY THE BEST AND PUREST OF DRUGS Al ABOUT HALF THE PRICES TJSALLY CHARGED BT ORDINARY CHEMISTS, HIS INDUCED THEM TO ADD A. STATIONERY DEPARTMENT TO THEIR BUST.. NFSS A': 5, BEILI.::-ZTIZELT, TIA';KING:O27,

111

MI

p

BOOTS STATIONERY DEPARTMENT, AT 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON,

CONTALNS ALL THE LATEST, BEST, AND MOST UP-TO•DATE

STATIONERY IT IS POSSIBLE TO BET.

STATIONERY OF ALL KINDS,

NOTEPAPER, ENVELOPES,

ACCOUNT BOOKS,

NOTE BOOKS, EXERCISE BOOKS, PENS,

PENCILS, INES, &c.,

AT PRICES which will astonish the people of Warrineton. First in the Chemists business, we are also far away and ahead in the Stationery trade,

We buy direct from the manufacturer and sell direct to the public. Hence we are enabled to give the ptablic the middleman's profit. Owing to the very large output we have at our numerous branches, BOOTS can

I

IP

I

I 1, - • I • - ,•• • • • ; , 4 , • _ '1.41101) • I ;

===== 0002601_19011227_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFER ADVANTAGES BOTH IN PRICE AND

QUALITY WHICH CANNOT BIC OBTAINED

FROM ANY OntRN FINN.

I CORDIAL DiVITATION IS GIVEN TO ALL TO COME AN - - -

LOOK 1101 IND THE SHOP.

CIRCULATING LIBRARY.

A GOOD LIBRARY HAS ALSO BRIM

STARTED. which will, we hope, prove very enter-

tatning to our numerous customers in Warrington. All the newest books will be added.

SUBSCRIPTION FOR ONR VOLUME AT A TIME

:•2s. 6d. MONTH:,I7,6s. for Six Months,

101 6d. Yearly.

OUR ADDRESS IS- BOOTS,

CASH CHEMISTS AND u,STATIONERS,

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

JESSE BOOT, Managing Director, Boas Cash Chemists (Lancashire) Ltd., Proprietors. Head Offices—NOTTINGHAM.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. EX&MINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. JOHN WALKER AND CO.. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

COMMERCIAL PRINTING PROGRAMMES Fon SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, BENVSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011227_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
.•,.1.!: ', (.4 , • • t. :, . ' I ' - U.,. ' • ' 11, ' I! ..,1. Fl • ;"'; if ;;;lir.•,' ' • • 4. ! '. • 1 • ! !" ! .1 : 1 1 ! 1 , .. . i ! ! 1 1 ' 11, 1 ... I • 1 ; .. : ,•„!•: .. ' . !.' 1 7 11/ • r' I / , 1 .e, ; i• -;•.I. 1 ; 'I•;- . ; . ' ! ' *ll' •1: .4.. Ailik- ..,. . ... 1 i' i• , , • . ,{ I I, 1 I ' 1,*., ' ''' i 1 • ~./P.' r ._,. it. .. : - '-, • , ` , ,''' • , t . , ij! ;.X'' „„... , .. 4.•-• ~ ~:,

===== 0002601_19011227_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGAIL'S PATENT SELF-RAISING F.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

THE saddest of all songs is that of the collector, "A due, kind friends, a due." DEBTOR: I want to pay that little bill of yours. Creditor (delighted): All right, my dear boy. Debtor: But I can't. TB.AMP (approaching from behind): I ain't 'ad bite to-day, Captain. Enthusiastic Angler: Wrong bait, I expect. Try worms. "WHY weren't you here yesterday to do the job I gave you, John?' "Very sorry, sir, but I had to preside at a meeting of the unemployed." "PA, have dogs got wings?" "No. child ; don't you know better than that?" "Why, pa, this paper says a big dog flew at a man and bit him. THE FACTS OF IT.—Smuff: "You and Jinks don't seem to be as thick as you were. Does he owe you money?" Bluff: "No, not exactly; but lie wants to." SCBTRACTION ILLUSTRATED.—Teacher to little Tommy: Now, Tommy, suppose you gave your little brother nine apples and took back seven, what would that make? Tommy: It would make him yell. "My son," said his father solemnly, "when you see a boy loafing about the street corners at all hours, what place in life do you suppose he is fitting himself for?" "To be a policeman," replied the young philosopher promptly. Au= EvEs.—Papa : See that spider, my boy, spinning his web. Is it not wonderful? DJ you reflect that, try as he may, no man could spin that web? Johnny: What of it? See me spin this top? Do you reflect that, try as he may, no spider cuuid pin this top? " WHY do you call yours a parlour ?" said the patient to the dentist. "What would you call it?" "Well, I should fancy drawing-rooin would -be more appropriate." PHIL.ANTHROPIST : What would you do with a copper if I gave you one? Tramp sarcastically : Git a new coat, mister, an' some supper an' a night's lodgin', an' breakfast an' dinner ter-morrer. Philanthropist: Here, take this sixpence, and suppert,yourself for the rest uf your life." A SArE BET.—" Is your mamma in ?" "What's your name?" "I'm Mr. Spurgeon, the new minister." "Then I think mamma's expectin' you —'cause she said she'd bet a shillin' you'd be sure to come on washing day!" PAPA, dear, why are these waterproof soles called gutta percha?'" "Because, my lad, they enable you to perch in the gutter without getting wet." BOARDER: The chicken soup seems to be rather weak. Landlady: I don't see why. I told the cook how to make it, tilt perhaps she didn't catch the idea. Boarder: Perhaps she didn't catch the chicken.

"ARE you fond of flowers ?" he said. "Yes." she answered, and her eyes brightened as she fore- saw a beautiful big bunch oi roses. "Suppose, then," he said, "that we take a walk in the park. There are some lovely flower beds there." LITTLE ETHEL : Pans, you ought to have the doctor, come and see ioheay. lam 'fraid he's ill. Papa: Why, he's out in the street playing, and yelling like a wild Indian. Little Ethel: Yes, but when he is well he yells like two wild Indians. "GRANDPA, what is a peacemaker?" "Well, a peacemaker is a man who jumps in to prevent two other men from fighting, and comes out with more bruises and black eyes than either of them." "JOHNNY," said his teacher to the wise boy who not only knew his father but also his uncle, "if your father can do a piece of work in seven days, and your uncle George can do it in nine days, how long would it take both of them to do it?" "They'd never get it done," said Johnny. "They'd sit down and discuss politics." Suseicsose—" Do you remember that girl who came here and said that what she most desired was a good home?" asked the housewife. "What ,is the matter now?" responded her husband. Have you missed something else?" "Yes. I guess she has a good home pretty nearly paid .or by this time." BOARDER warmly: "Oh, I'm knowing to the tricks of your trade. Do you think I have lived, Lin boarding-houses twenty years for nothing?" Landlady (frigidly): "I shouldn't be at all surprised." "YES," said the delegate. "I said I was the working-man's friend." "But you don't do any -work," suggested the man with the horny hands. "No; not at present." "And you never did any work." "That's true. You see, what the work- ' ing-man most needs is work, and I am too much , the working-man's friend to run any risk of taking work away from him." ' WELL LOOKED AFTER.—" Brooks," said Rivers, "you ought to do something for that cold of yours. A neglected cold sometimes leads to serious conse- quences." "This cold of mine isn't neglected," crossly answered Brooks. "Five or six hundred of my friends are looking after it." "THIS is the sixth consecutive day we've had chicken," said Mrs. Brown while in the country. "Don't complain," replied her husband; "just think that every slay there's one cackler loss to wake us up in the morning at sunrise." TEACHER : "Way didn't your brother come to school to-day, Johnny?" Johnny: "He hurt his foot this morning so he could hardly walk." Teacher: "That's a lame excuse, but I suppose I must accept it." ACCLMACY.—" Now, Ethel, tell me how many bones you have in your body?" Ethel: "Two hundred and eight." " Wrong 1 You have only two hundred and seven," Ethel triumphantly: "Yes, but I swallowed a fish bone at breakfast this morning." MABEL: "So you have broken the engagement. Have you returned his ring?" " Amy : "Why, no Of course, I have changed my opinion of George, but I admire the ring just as much as ever. HE: rm surprised to see a bird on the hat of a tender-hearted woman like you. I could never bear to wear anything that cost the life of an innocent animal. She: I suppose that the calf from the hide of which your shoes are made died of old age. HE had come on her dozing in a hammock, and when she woke up she accused him of stealing a kiss. "Well." he said, " I will admit that tho temptation was too strong to be resisted. I did steal one little kiss." " One !" she exclaimed in- dignantly; "1 counted eight before I woke up." HIS EXPERIENCE.—" Ah," said the gushing spinster, " bnt you have never known what it is to have loved and lost " "I haven't, eh?" re- plied the male listener. " Well, I came pretty near it the time my wife's father dropped every penny he had on a bogus gold mine just three days before our wedding." NOT SO STRANGE. -Bighead: "Isn't it strange that men who make money in one place always go to another place to spend it?" Cynic: "Not at all. By going to another place they don't have to live down the reputation they acquired while snaking their money. E LEIS= WAY.—Mrs. Gray: "You say Mrs. Green disagreed with everything I said? Just like her! She never is on the right side of any question." Mrs. Brown "You misunderstood me. I said she agreed with everything you said." Mrs. Gray: " /I'm ! That's a way she has of currying favour." MORE LITERAL THAN MEANT.—Bobby labori- ously lugged a pail into the parlour, wnere the family was assembled, and asked the maternal grandmother to kick it. "Why should I kick it, Bobby?" grandma inquired in amazement. "Just to amuse pa," said Bobby. "He said he woula give £5 any time to see you kick the bucket !" THE AWFUL SMALL BOY.—Mrs. Cakebread Was entertaining some ladies at a select little 5 o'clock tea, and Bobby, who had been exeeptionally well behaved, was in high feather. " Ma, 'he said, as cake was being handed round, "may I have some tongue, please?" "There isn't any tongue, Bobby." "That's funny," commented Bobby, "I heard pa say there would be lots of it." FOR THE DINING-ROOM—Mrs. Fatpuree : "You paint pictures to order, don't you ? " Great Artist: Yee, madam." Mrs. Fatpurse " Well, I want a landscape with lots of deer and ducks, and quail, and partridges and pheasants, and cattle and sheep, and pigs, and so on, you know; and put a lake and an ocean in fresh and salt water, you . know; and be sure to have plenty of fish swim- nine about, because it's for the dining-room." pLEs

===== 0002601_19011227_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER:

MY DLLs NELLIE.

There are a number of charming hats being worn this winter. One which is of black silk has a band of ermine across the front, which brings it into harmony with the costume. This was worn with a tight-fitting cloth coat, which may match the skirt or be in black, dark grey, or dark blue cloth. A sort of dull bottle-green is in favour, and nearly every shade of red is worn in coats this season. This shape, with tho basque added on, is more easily fitted to the figure than those in which the cloth is in one piece from neck to hem. The double-breasted shape makes it very protective, and the way in which the fur is put on is much safer than that which carries it up into the throat. Another hat has patterns of string•coloured lace laid round the velvet brim, and a tuft of dull gold leaves resting on the hair at the lef side.

ffor out ,uroy, which is a species of velveteen, is very much worn this winter, especially in beaver brown and mouse colours. The pale mouse tint looks very well in this, and also in stamped velvet. The silver-fox fur, that has a rich golden tan colour arthe centre, is much used in trimming these indefinite and refined shades. A mouse-grey corduroy, is made without any trimming whatever, ifnd is worn with a white silk ruffle and muff, both abundantly trimmed with this delicate-looking, pretty fur. Another corduroy is in a shade of forest brown, with a hint of green in it, and has a bolero coat of brown velvet, lined with orange satin, and bordered with an inch-wide line of beaver. Chinchilla and caracul are, however, the favourite furs next to sable, which everyone would prefer to all others, but which only the well-to-do can afford. Mink is in enormous demand as the best substitute for sable. It is much cheaper. On a walking cos- tume the edges of the flounces are finished with rows of stitching. The bodice is slightly pointed in front, and has short habit tails at the back, in the new style. The fronts are covered with Paisley-patterned panne, and the tight cuffs match it. The neat black satin tie has a little lawn collar turned down over it. The muff and boa are mink, and the high-crowned hat is black velvet, with ostrich feathers and, under the brim, a knot of panne.

A very fashionable kind of Nee has the filet ground, that is, the mesh 19 large, and open. It is decidedly decorative, and when in use for blouses or dress looks particularly well over a foundation of tissu d'or or cloth of silver. Sometimes the mesh of the lace itself is formed of find gold or silver thread, whilst the pattern is in the ordinary lace thread, the combination being an original and effective one. Cluny and point cl'arabe are the laces most in vogue for trilamingr and appliques on blouses and gowns for day wear, the latter being much associated with the pretty new flannel blouses, and with or without fur on the collars of outdoor cloaks and jackets. An effective trimming for tailor gowns, or as revers and collars, is white breitschwanz, embroidered round the edges with an applique design in black coloured velvet, outlined with fine silk cord. A dark blue cloth coat and skirt had a deep collar of this kind on the coat, the applique being in navy blue velvet; a narrow scalloped band of the same ran round the skirt just below the knees, heading the shaped volant of navy blue velvet. This white breitschwanz is a charming material of a rich cream velvety appearance, and deserves to be more utilised in dress and millinery than it is.

For afternoon wear a grey cloth trimmed with. chinchilla is worp, with a front of grey satin, veiled with grey chiffon trimmed with lines of fur, and sewn thickly with silver sequins between these lines. The front of a bright terracotta velvet dress is made of the palest prawn pink satin, with ivory chiffon pleated over it, and bands of exquisitely tinted embroidery laid rather loosely over it and slightly pouched. Collars, whether of chiffon, satin or embroidery, are worn high enough to completely cover the neck, but this is now managed without the very disagreeable and incon- venient pieces of stall that used to uphold them, and at the same time seriously annoy the neck. The long silk ties are meant to be wound three times round the neck, and this makes them very warm and protective in cold weather. Your loving JENNIE. i

, -->1 - • .).CA , \44 4 \ it \ tr c i I , 'i r. 4 .e!), • t '''' 4 • ttdoor dress cord

• ....---,-, ~, (-cu. • ' ‘''il-f'tze-Ll'c's - ..-_'..----7,'=•,.. . , ._"::-*.'4,':i.;-. ' ''',/ ~, ..,... ;i„ ..7 :,:, :..'- -04:2 '7,,,ie. • 4, ~,,, .7, • ~,, ~ '6lll I,twe, ~ 7 ..., 1 :1 \ 1 \'\ ,';\ 1-, ' ,:,.,•.;:Ag ''-',V, 11 • - .. s'. \ \ \ . \\•...,_,.,: \ ::. ...., \ kl.

*-1 •,‘ , $ 4-H,t \ • Y - , - / !il 1121 it7l/4 • -I 1 / • t 0)ti; 7

===== 0002601_19011227_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIO,J,?.

4.„ w 9 :tr= , 4's r :et 1,44 t

GFATEFUL-COMFORTING.

_...,"

REAKFAST---a P PEFI.

I

===== 0002601_19011227_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
AND INDIGESTION CU REb If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forme ; Fistula my follow. KEUT Y'S CURE

Is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, snd bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion Hold by all Chemists in bottles ls. lid Post paid from ICBUTY ADD CO. HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
IJI-t ONOB TRIED ALWAYS USED

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 27, 101

(G'opyright.)

the transport had left Las Palmas and was on the last sblv of her lumbering journey home Mark had taken it as a matter of course that he would go direct Lo Hill Top Farm to complete his recovery there instead of being detained at a military hospital. One thing only troubled him concerning his home-going, and that was the thought of the inter- view which he must have with Briggs father. He shrank from the idea of giving details of what had happened, and tried to think that it would be enough to tell the story to the vicar of his parish, and get him to re-tell it to the father; but in the end lie made up his mind that no such escape from his task was justifiable, and that he himself must see the message through. He busied himself, too, in arranging the time and manner of his wedding, in so far, being a snare man, as it was open for him to do; and in particular tried to hit upon some suitable reception for Lizzie when she should return home. _

Her absence was the only drawback now to his complete satisfaction and happiness, and when, not much within the thirty days, the transport. entered the Thames and got into dock, he sighed to think that while he was once more safe in England, she was still more than six thousand miles away, exposed to the all the rigours and evils of a vast military undertaking. By this time the coming and going of transports was so much a question of routine that there was scarcely more commotion over the glorified tramp with her human freight than there was over any other steamer with her general goods. The dis- embarkation and disposition of sick and wounded Men had been brought to the level of a well-con- ducted business, and Mark, like the rest, was dealt with pretty much as if he had been a bale of merchandise. But this did not trouble him. He recognised that in war a unit was a unit only, and that the best way of dealing with it was to treat it as a part of some machinery which could easily be replaced in case a need. Few there were on the trans-port who were well enough to pass out of the hands of the doctors and •go on furlough to their homes; but amongst the few was Mark. An exananatian of his leg was made, and he was ordered to hold himself in readiness for an operation at Netley a month after the date on which he was informed that he could make the best of his way home. "Operation!" The word rankled in Mark's mind as he sought a quiet smoking compartment at King's Cross. He disliked it, and feeling' some- what as he had felt in the old days before he became a real soldier, he determined that if he could evade the 'undertaking he would certainly do so. Be had tried to get some inkling of the sort of operation that would be needful, and for his pains' had been curtly, told to mind his own business.

"There was one thing about the saw-bones," thought Mark, "he treated me at any rate as if I was a soldier. He couldn't have been more uncivil if he'd been a gaoler talking to a prisoner. Dis- cipline's discipline, and the army's the army; but, all the same, for two pins I'd have given him a piece of my mind. Confound the man I Go back to Netley—not if I know it! Itt a spirit of rebellion and disgust he made him- self comfortable in a corner of the compartment, and was glad when the train steamed out of the station and he found that he had the luck to be alone.

Before leaving King's Cross Mark, after much reflection, had spent sixpence on a telegram to his father. He inerelY said in it: "Corning home to- day. All right.—Mitnx." "It's a waste of money'," he growled, as he hobbled to his seat. "I might just as well leave it and walk in as usual. After all, it's beginning to seem as if I'd never been away. Besides, what is there to ,make a fuss about?"

Mark remained very phlegmatic Until he got to Grantham; then he had some mild excitement in capturing by the arm a refreshment boy who was wheeling a travelling buffet on the platform. From this juvenile he demanded tea and bread and butter, and he was supplied in feverish haste. In his excitement the youth forgot, to secure his six- pence before releasing his bold of the cup. Instead be requiredlo know, in one breath, whether Marl was back from the war, whether he had seen Kruger, how many Boers he had killed, and whether he had shot or bayoneted them. Mark, with a smile, said briefly that he had been to the war, that be had beheld the President, and that he had not killed any Boers; at any rate, he hoped not. "Why," said the disgusted bay, "you're no sort of a soldier, you aren't. There was a chap come through 'ere yesterday, a 'lghlander, who told me 'e'd curled old Kroojer's whiskerl an' piled up a lot o' Boers with 'is baynit—made a regl'ar lopje of '

"Did'he really? "- asked .Mark, sarcastically. ' "He did," answered the youth. ."But, you see, he was a real soldier. You're a Yeomanry, aren't you?" The trooper laughed aloud. "Ye, you've hit it," he said; handing back his cup. "I'm only a Yeoman. I say, Johnnie, hadn't you better fasten your tea-pot down ? " "What for ? "inquired the youth in astonishment. I "Because it's so strong it'll be walking off with your cart," said Mark. -He laughed aloud again, and louder when he saw the boy's amazed look. I But the juvenile got the last word in as the train moved off. Leaving his waggon and stepping on to the footboard he pushed his head into Mark's compartment and said: "Anyway, it's a dashed sight better nor you got at the war. They didn't give you such a fat lot, of grub. Yah I " I He dropped off, as much like a porter as he could, and wheeled his vehicle on to the up plat- form, in readiness to meet the calls of other travellers. 1 .

...7.611;-lihle adventure put the crowning touch to Mark's high spirits. He walked about the compart- ment, laughed and sang to himself, and looked lovingly and delightedly at the fields and hedges, churches, houses, villages and towns through which he passed. I There was only one change for him to make, and as he found a train waiting at the station IA was home just as darkness set in. Strangely enough. as he crunched the gravel in front of the house, he felt almost an aversion to entering; but only for an instant. The joy of his return was too great to allow any such feeling to remain, and with all the air of health and fitness he could muster he opened the door of the old familiar living-room. His father, mother and sister were standing there, their forms looming large againit the -light of the lamp on the table. There was a dead silence for some seconds, then Mark said in a quiet voice: "Hullo, all. I'm back, you see, and not a pin the worse." The old farmer came up to him and put a hand on his son's shoulder. With the other he gripped Mark's hand long and hard. Still without uttering a word he drew his own chair up to the table and gently thrust the trooper into it. When he did find his tongue he said to his wife and daughter: "Well, it's one way of welcoming a lad back to stare at him like stuck sheep. Come, let's have tea." Whether he addressed his rife or his daughter was not clear, but it was immaterial. Neither took any notice him. Simultaneously they fell upon and wept Art fully over Mark. "Come, come," he said, removing their hands; "that'll do." "Aye, aye," said the farmer. "Don't make him look soft." "We couldn't look softer than you do," said the daughter with affectionate acerbity; and as it was considered that a lavish enough display of feeling had been made the four becanie very sober all at once, and gathered in quiet happiness about the table.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Queen, when Princess of Wales, was never so happy as when doing her Christmas shopping, going herself to the different establishments, accompanied by one or two of her daughteis• Things however are now altered. The Princess of Wales could go sboppicg incognito, but the Queen can hardly do so with the strict privacy that was formerly possible. Consequently the selection of Christmas and New Year gifts had to be made at Marlborough House, a vast assortment of suitable articles being sent there by the leading estab- lishments for this purpose. Her Majesty makes innumer- able presents at Christmas, not ouly to those near and dear to ber,but also to the members of the various Royal Households. Amongst these gifts, silver and silver- mounted articles usually figure very largely as they offer an infinite variety of choice for the dressing-table, the work-basket, the dining-room,the writing-table,and for personal ornaments. A 1 the world knows both the King and Queen Con sort are devoted to dogs, beside other animal pets, and there are acme that always eccomrany the Court, wherever it goes.even for the briefest stay. On the occa- sion ef their Majesties' recent visit to London, to com- plete the Christmas shopping, no fewer than five or six dogs, and three or four bird-cages, travelled with the Court. Needless to say both the King and Queen study the comfort of their favorites in every possible way,and at Sandringham, and other Royal residences, there is always.a dog's hoepitall and. nursery: provided for. . .

Until quite recent times, the hato-6; restaurants, anl seaside boarding houses, were deserted ai Christmas time, but now, it is no uncommon thing for them to be as crowded as at their busiest season of the year. One reason is that the custcmary family party, which as everyone kaows, sometimes leads to jars and disagree- ments, is, to some xtent going out of favour. Another is the: tendency to take advantage of the few days off to secure a change, and it is fast becoming the accepted creed that a holiday is best spent away from one's family and usual surroundings. Contequently many who are not controlled by family ties, are now found at this season of the year at the public places of enter- tainment.

When the Prince and Princess of Wales were ,ecently entertained at the Guildhall, the Humanitarian League protested against the provision of larks, and pate de foie gras, at the banquet. Certainly there seems no need in these days for the destruction of song birds in order to provide a table delicacy, and the attempt to make the thrush a bonne bouche, is also wholy to be condemned. In former times thrushes were fattened for this purpose and on a few occasions they have recently reappeared on the menus at fashionable dinner parties. As for tate de foie gras, this is provided by a species of cruelty, the goose being confined within a box without power to move, and " crammed " with spiced food until the bird's liver Ott( ills to an enormous ace. If however we knew all that went on to provide the luxuries ot the dinner table, there would perhaps b 3 many more cf us nclined to become VPflt tirians.

_ . Vegetarians are said to be increasing in number, and they may certainly claim to be making half-way con- verts of the many people wha go in for fruit breakfasts - This Custom has row a large vogue amongst !Imlay women, roany.of whom practice severe self-denial with regard to diet, for tho sake of their appearance. They eschew tea, sugar, wine, and all dainties, besides going in for fatiguing exercise, and live strictly upon a regi- men consisting very largely of vegetables. The eating of nothing but fruit before mid-day is, however, more wide'y adopted for the sake of health, and there is no room for two opinions about its wholesomeness, or ben( - ficial effect, especially to those who at other times are large meat eaters.

The " ready made " departments are, without doubt one of the most remarkable developments of modern shopping. A very little while since, well-dressed women would never have dreamed of patronising them, but tprough the exercise of steer good ta ite, and by offering ric ally worthy models, reale of the most beautiful materials, leading shops have induced quite modish individuals to alter their opinions on tt e subject. Ready-made blouses, coats and ekirts, evening gowns, all are possible nowadays, moreover, no tremor of alarm need assail the fashionab'e woman, who requires a toilette of any description in a hurry—for models are made in many sizes, and it is nearly always possible, at the cost of a little patience, to find one t 3 fit at once, and perfectly. Many society mothers, who have two or three daughters " out," are this winter dressing them alike. This has long been the custom, of course, where twins are concerned, but in any cane the effect is distinctly good. Many a pair,or trio of sisters, though fairly good looking, and well set up, would be quite unnoticeatle, ifigowned differently,but dressed aliket tt ey accentuate each other, and the simplest toilet becomes striking. The idea has a certain amount of extra enema attached to it, but the effect well repays for all this. Though lace dresses are rather waning in fashion, the lace coat, and the lace bolero continue to play their part in dress, especially with tea gowns, the former with the full belted variety, of some soft clinging fabric, such as ciepe de chine, or chiffon, over which the lace coat bar gs loose, ano the latter with Empire gowns. These, however, are comparatively little worn, despite all attempts on the put of French modistes th " boom " them again. We cherish our waist line, evdn after it has emerged,froto anything bordering on stylish- like, and loose and flowing draperies always savor to us of either mglii c or fancy dress in neither of which the generality of us tel comfortable, or lock at home. The little Russian cat), with or without the small baEques, and the habit tails at the back,are much preferred by up-"o-date dressers to the three-quarter variety. Certainly they have a much smarter appearance, and one can always don a good thick underskirt when extra warmth is needed about tte hips. One reason why the three- quarter coat is to a great ex'ent avoided is the difficulty a wearer experiences in raising s lengthy skirt. More- over, she looks, when endeavouring to do this, exactly as if she had had a very bad twist and would never come straight again. With the short skirt the three- quarter coat is never a succese,h wcver tail and graceful the wearer may be. SomFose once said that the only drawback to cur towns and cities was tl at they were sorrounded by cr uttry. Few will go so far as that in tin ir dislike of rural solitude, but there are a great many people who pref-r any kind of exister ce in the towns, to the dreary dullness of village life. Unfortunattly no one has yet discovered ready means of making country life more attractive to working people. The average villager cannot conceive that his wife) nerds any otner outlook tba n she obtains from her cottage door. raor any other rcc,estion than gossiping with her neighbours.—while he himself discusses things in general at the publichouse. But anyone who will assist in promoting social and intellectual entertainments may do something to com- bat this state of things, and it is at this time of the year that such efforts are most needed to make life more tolerable and attractive in our country towns and villages. MADGEt

===== 0002601_19011227_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LIKE UNTO A HAND.

This is written in mid-September. The short English summer is quite gone. Fading leaf, withering tree and the homeward fl,ght cf tourists, are signs of the season, Fog, frost, rain, snoa ,—t.e.ey are coming. You remem- ber Isst winter ; of 1900 and 1901. Ton weather WE s cruel. Ah ! the thousands it kuled, and the hundreds of tbousanas it malm(d and crippled. Oh, the rough grasp it laid on men at work, women at home, and children in crits and cradles. Coughs that began at Attumn Bank Holiday are racking and tearing them still ; yes, and growing worse as they dig doeper into the poor, tired throat atcl lungs. Many (who knew what to do) were saved by using BPnsnn'J Porous Plas- ters. '7' Others, the majority (who did not know), wb7, even they may yet be relieved by this remedy,—if no. cured. For the soothing and healing power of Becsor.'s Plasters is like fresh air to the stifled, or food to the hungry. They are Nice the touch of a lisnd.

TINGLING WITH VITAL FORCE. No other plaster, no other medicine or application, can compare with them. Coughs, colds, backicbe, rlocum.- tism, lumbago, kidney and liver trouble, asthma, linfluenza—they all go down before Bsnson's Plasters as the Dragon did before St George. Nothing e eis so quick and sore. You can't throw money away on a Benson's Plaster. Everybody is going to use tonal this season. For once popul4rity will keep step with good sense. But make certain you get the genuine. Look sharp when von bay. For sale in Warrington by H M Ashton, 63 Sankey-street. 80-its Ltd, 5 and 35, Bridge- strett, and J R Young, 40, Sankey-itreet.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
eTOCKTON HEATH.

EBENEZER WESLEYAN CRIIRCIL—OR Friday last vzrek the annual Christmas tree and sale of woik was held in the above. For months willing hands had best' busy,and the results of their labour of love were seen in a good display of useful and fancy articles arranged on the various stallqand Chris'mais treo.'At the time aproinrpd for the opening there was a goodly number of friend.' gartered, amongst whorn were Mrs Taylor, Miss Fair- hurst, Mrs:Sherboarn, Miss Phases', Mr Limplough, Mr S B Stringer, Mr Windle,atid Mr Phases,. The proceed- ings were opened with singing and prayer, after which Mrs Tolt, of Warrington, in a few appropiate remarks, declared the sale open. ()a the proposition of Mr Laninlough, seconded by 'Mrs Mos, a hearty vote of thanks was acc,nded the lady opener for her kind Ref- vic,s. No 1 stall was presided rrer by Mrs Moss. Mrs Berry and Miss Jennie Moss. Sunday school stall, the Misses Spencers and Mr W Spencdey. The wedaing cake, Miss Blackhurst. Christmas tree, Miss Mose. The refreshment stall, Mrs 1: lison and Miss Stranger The prone. s were for gener.,l churCh expenses and realised £2l.

()CADBURY'S COCOA can alsykys be replidd dpon for its pnritv. Adulter-ded cocoas are risky And should be avoided. CADBURY'S COCOi is highly beneficial to yogng and old. the delicate and the robust : it contains all the full nourish- ing properties of the Cocoa bean. It Is Cocoa and Cocoa Only. (3)

===== 0002601_19011227_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A QUEEN'S SOLDIER.

BY WALTER WOOD,

Author of "Barrack and Battlefleld," "P+Amnua British Warships," "Through Battle to Pro- motion," "A Captain in the Fusiliers," "A Soldier of the Legion," Ste.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CIrAPTER XXIIL

TROOPING HOMEWARD. Errors, large and small, were not so infrequent in the course of the war that such a mistake as the going of Benn towards the transport instead of the operating theatre should attract attention. As a matter of fact it'did not. , At the hospital itself no one seemed to know or care about the occurrence except Donald and Lizzie, and discovering this to be the ease, the surgeon promptly determined that so far as he was con- cerned the matter was ended. The subject, too, had passed from the memories of the orderlies, and if he sergeant gave it a thought at all: that thought was merely a passing one, and was not, in his own interests, encouraged. It was enough for him that the nurse had undertaken to be responsible for all that might go wrong. For the rest of the day Donald worried himself as to what he should do to cover the mistake, clear himself, if need be, and make things smooth • for Lizzie. He was more than ever admiring her ingenuity and ,resource, and quite ready to sink his own anger in his satisfaction at her success, for now he was beginning really to be glad that he was so easily rid of a troublesome business. "We're not infallible," he said to himself in con- fidence, "and it may be that the man's iron con- stitution will do more for him than my instruments. Anyway, now that he's off our hands and on some- one else's I've no further concern with him. The principal persoirof interest is the nurse. I must keep a sharp eye upon her. We cae't do with this smuggling business as a general thing." Donald did keep an eye on Lizzie, with the result that in less than a week he was satisfied that unless she also got clear of the hospital she would be a bigger trouble than Mark had been. Incessant labour and anxiety had told on Lizzie, and now that the excitement concerning Mark had lessened she was collapsing. The surgeon told her so. She bravely tried to refute his assertion, and to claiin that she was still as well fit for duty as any woman at the station. "But I say no, exclaimed the surgeon, "you're not fit. You're fagged out, you need a rest, and you will have to go away in spite of. all you've said. It would be a very serious thing to have nurses thrown on our hands here. You must go before you're bowled over, and that wilt be before long, too, if you're not careful. I'll see to it. Suppose you start to-morrow ?" "If you insist," said Lizzie, "I shall have to." "I do insist," replied Donnld. "I suppose you'd prefer to go to the same Tlace as the other patients?" He asked the question with an amiable smile. "'Well," said Lizzie, frankly, "if I'm to go at all, yes."' "You can be so useful, too, can't you ?" cona tinned Donald, growing in sarcasm and good humour. "But, mind you, no more performances like the last. That's the sort of thing you can only do once successfully." , "But it isn't necessary' to do it twice," said Lizzie. "Mark will be prefly well all right before he gets home if—if the doctors will let him." Donald laughed. "Come," lie said,"that's a pretty hard rap ; but it's a woman's privilege to use her tongue. Yours is as sharp as a scalpel, and a lot more dangerous. Well, I'm 'going to say good-bye to you now and get it over. We've seen a lot together, and I shall often think about you. Perhaps some day I may be lucky enough to look you up, if this conitry deesn't grip me too hard. It's got 'hundreds of better men in its clutches-tso hard that it will never let them go. I suppose it's the price of conquest." Donald sighed. He was much softer-hearted than he would ever admit or confess, and the loss of life in the campaign had filled him with grief. • "Yes," he added, 'the butcher's bill is heavf. I'm not politician enough to say whether it will prove to have been worth the liquidation. Well, good-bye, and good luck. Let me know when it comes off. Favour me by not doing one thing-.- . don't let him get married in khaki. I shall hate the colour to my dying pay." "It would remind me too much of things I shall want to forget," answered Lizzie, taking as a matter of course Donald's reference to the wedding. "Good-bye to you, too, doctor." She was not an emotional nurse, but there was something Very Much like a catch in her voice and something suspiciously like tears in her eyes as she spoke ard held out her hand. S "Come, you've no need to be in the dumps," said Donald, with a brave show of cheerfulness. "The luck's all on your side. Now I'm really off." He shook hands and walked quickly away. "Think God ! " he muttered as she left. "There's some good things can come even out of wars like \ this. It's made a woman of that girl, and made a man of that Yeoman chap. For anything I know it may, before it's finished, make physicians and surgeons of some of us." Lizzie went away early, next morning, worn out and restless. She was, in truth, over-worked and over-wrought, and even if Donald had not used his good offices to get her removed she must have become incapacitated very soon. When she reached Capetown she was amazed to find that Mark had already sailed for England. If there had been any slowness on the part of transport bodies they were making atonement for it now. Ship after ship was sailing with her load of sick and wounded, so full and so fast that it seemed as if there were some feverish anxiety to clear the country of anyone who could by any possibility be looked upon as a burden. - Apparently it had been assumed that Mark was either well enough to go home or bad enough to enter hospital in his own country. Whatever the cause was, the result was the same—he was actually on his way back to England; and bitter as .her disappointment was at being separated from him in that way, Lizzie was profoundly glad and thank- ful that it was his fortune to be on the sea and not an inmate of the base hospital still. She had missed him, but was just in time to see the smoke of the departing steamer on which sailed, and in time to hear the comments of those who watched. "That old tub'll be a month in doin' the trip," said a soldier near her. "I came out in her an' we were thirty days, an' swinish at that; but, by Jove I wouldn't I just be willin' to do my time in the stokin'-place if I could only go back 'ome with her !" / Lizzie turned aside. There was so much yearn- ing in the soldier's tones that she felt almost ashamed of her joy at her good fortune—almnst ashamed of having Mark blear of the country, and 'of herself for being so near to following him. Mark, too, was enduring mixed sensations. He was glad to get away, thankful to be on the sea, homeward bound, even though he lay on his back in bed; but now that he was going he had almost a fierce regret at parting from a country which had opened out such an amazing life for him, so swiftly turned him from a country ydkel to a man of action and resource; and there was the real grief of knowing that Lizzie was left behind. Before he had been a full day at sea he was so unhappy because of his position that there was a strong prospect of a serious relapse fnr him. M 3 saw this, remembered Lizzie's parting injunction, and made a brave effort to reconcile himself to his lot, and hope that all would be well very soon. Day after day the slow, ponderous ocean tramp, promoted by the exigencies Of war and the dearth of better Shipping to rank as a transport, shoved through the seas ; and day after day Mirk improved in a way which astonished all about him. It was not so much progressing as leaping towards recovery. Within a fortnight Mark was out of bed, before another week had passed he was abr.° to climb on deck and sit there, and in a day or two more he could hobble about and lean over the rail, easing his wounded leg by supporting himeelf on the other. At the end of the third week he was almost tempted to declare that he was a com- pletely cured man, and to challenge anyone approximating his own condition to a,walk or race across or up and down the deck. If there was any merriment he joined in it; arid none laughed louder than he when a convalescent, who was coming home with an arm and a leg short, declared that the ship had lost her way and would never land in England at all. Like most of the rest Mark was seen forgetting the sufferings and perils through which he had passed. His escape from Pretoria became so shadowy at titnes in his remembrance that lie was near forgetting it, and his privations on the veld also began to Appear less serious as the days passed. I Even his wound, improving as it was, troubled him hardly more than one or two severe accidents he had met with in his farming life, and by the timo

===== 0002601_19011227_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
--- • CHAPTER XXIV. '

A SIIRPRISF.

"Well," said the farmer, when the tea-things _had been cleared away and he had handed a pipe and a tobacco pouch to Mark, after filling his own briar, "and how's the war and Prince?" "They're both all right," said the trooper. "Prince in particular. The Major's got him. only hope he'll live to come home safe. I mean both, of course." "Of course," said the farmer, though lie, like Mark, was thinking mostly, if not only, of the horse. "I always said he'd be the best in South Africa," remarked the farmer, proudly. "There are hories an' horses, an' for a country like that, from what I've heard an,' read about it, they want--" "Come," said the daughter, unceremoniously interrupting. "Is this the time to talk about horses? Hadn't Mark better be getting across to Jackson's ?" "Yon seem in a hurry to get rid of me," observed Mark, in some surprise. "Oh, ib isn't that," rejoined his sister, with a curious smile. "I thought they'd like to see yOu, that's all." "Well, I think they can wait till morning, any- way," said Mark. "I'm beginning to feel a bit tired." .

"If Mr. Jackson had known what time you'd get here he would have been at the statiou to see you in," continued the sister.

"Then I'm glad he didn't know. I hate a fuss like that," said Mark, somewhat disagreeably. "If old Jackson will let me alone for a while I shan't bother him. If it's Lizzie he wants to hear about I can't tell him anything that she won't have written."

"Oh, it isn't so much Lizzie he's troubling about as you," said the sister, still with a curious look. She was leaning with her elbows on the table, and her chin was in her hands.

Mark looked at the comely face, on which the light fell softly, and was puzzled,. Ile was rather afraid of his sister, who was quite a match, in tongue and education for her future sister-in-law; and he repressed a sharp remark which he had half formed, not.because he was afraid of hurting her feelings, but because he feared that she, would say something sharper in return. "After all," said Mrs. Berm, who rarely spoke, "it's natural he should want to bear about his lass. l'm sure I've been bothered more than a bit, what with her and Mark." .

said—tTurdaughter, "although I've told you every day how things have gone on, and kept an eye on that South Africa as sharp as, if I'd been learning geography. I feel as if I never want to see another map as long as I live." "That's true; she did. I never saw such a one for ferritin' things out," broke in the farmer, admiringly. "Day after day she's tewed wi' them maps an' papers like a good 'nn. There must be pretty nearly a hundredweight o' newspapers an' picture papers in t' parlour." "And some shocking sad tales there are in 'ern too," said Mrs. Berm. "As for them drawin's— well." Words failed her.

"I've seen 'em," said Mark, grimly. "What surprises me is that anybody should. be taken in by 'em. They're like a lot more things—made to order."

-`-`4.-ye, but," said the farmer, protestingly, "they \can't be all wrong." "How can a man draw a picture of a thing he's never. seen ?" asked Mark. ".And if you've seen a picture here two days after a fight seven thousand miles away, how's it got to England in time to be printed?" "Ah 1" said Mrs. Berm, supportingly. "But if these drawings were wrong," said the sister, who was loth whim her faith in the representations of British valour—especially the Imperial Yeomanry part of it—shattered, "what about the photographs? You know, a camera can't lie." "Can't it?" said Mark, "You should have seen some of the cameras out there, then you'd have known. I'll just prove to you, young lady, how hard a thing like that can lie when it lets itself go. Why, I've known of cases where men have nosed for a snap-shot, and where the picture's been "riven afterwards as one of British troops in action. And surely you. don't believe the silly trashy things they've given in some of the papers of the last bugle-call of a dying ,boy, or .a party, of infantry rushing a kopje with the bayonet. .1 tell you, if a camera chap had tried that game on in actual fighting, even if he hailn't.been shot to bits by the :Boers, he'd very soon have been sent about his business by his own people." Mark spoke quite hotly; but he could have carried his hearers with him with less emphasis. They were very partial judges, ' "It's a sad thing about poor Brigg," said the farmer.

Mark looked swiftly'at his'sister. fro had More than once thonght that there was an attachment between her and his valiant friend"; but he was comforted to see •that, although her face expressed sympathy and sorrow, it was not, the look which she would have had if Brigg had been more than a friend. ,

"Yes," Its said, with a sigh. "It was sad enough, I can tell you. roor rrigg! ;You know *hat his last words were ?"

"Aye," said the farmer. "All the countryside knows 'em too. If it hadn't been for thcm his father wouldn't have borne. up as well ait he has done. He's pretty well heart-broken, hut the way the lad went out, has done a vast deal to comfort him."

• "I shall go and see Mr. Brigg .as soon as I can Manage it," said Mark. "That reminds me," said the sister, rising briskly. "It's time we started . for Jackson's. Come, get ready, Mark. I'll go wiLli you, then you won't get lost.'! "But--" began Mark, proteAlingly. "I think I should just walk across, if I could 'manage it," said the farmer. "Jackson wants to 'talk a bit. Letters an' so on are all very well, but he wants to ask questions." "Well," said 'Mark, resignedly, "I'll go.; but can't tell bins anything 'new." , "Here's .your hat, said the sister, bustling about, "Let me put it on. I She placed the tattered 'khaki headdrdss lightly on her brother's head, and stepped hack to admire • the effect. "It's champion!" she exclaimed. "It'll 'be the 'very thing." "For what?" asked Mark.

"Why, for a night like this," she answered, quickly. "What else should it be for ?" "I don't know," said Mark; "only there -seems to be something very extraordinary going on— something I don't understand." . . . „

":Fancy—all fancy," alto said, airily. "Now izthen, Mirk, come on. We won't he late, mother, unless they keep us." "They won't keep me," growled Mark. "I shall be too sleepy. Old Jackson isn't very bright, and his sister is a bit of a terror. I tell you I don't want to go just now; I'd a lot rather stop at home."

..... "Fighting's made you quite selfish, I see," said his sister. "Here, take my arm, and let me give, you a lift." whey walked slowly to Jackson's farm, and unceremoniously entered. No sooner had Jackson seen who stood before him than he smote the arm of his chair, exclaiming: "Well, I niyver—this beats all !" and fell into what ',seemed an endless chuckle. _ _ _ _

Mark was stupefied. He did not.speak, nor did he so much as offer his hand. "Come," said Jackson's sister--an austere old woman in a terrific black bonnet and mittens— "Come ; enough of this tomfoolery! Sit in , this chair, Mark. He's been like this these last three days. I (19n't know what he's thinkin' oxi. It seems to me there's not but bother wi' young fowk. I remember when my gran'mother---" "Oh, that'll do, that'll do, broke in Jackson. "We want no more about old women. We've heard enough of 'em. Give young uns a turn, eh, lad?"

He turned with an extraordinarily contorted face to Mark, and chuckled again. Mark looked helplessly about him—looked slowly round the room. But no one came to his assistance. Even his faithful sister did not appear te be at all willing to shed light , upon this extra- o dinary behaviour of the old farmer: a man whom Mark had expected to find in the depths of misery. So far from being depressed, however, he was actually in a state of the most unseemly mirth. It may have been fancy on (lie trooper's part; but as his glance travelled round the room, he thought he saw a movement of the parlour door, as if someone: had been on the po nt of coming out of the room I and had stopped short on seeing him. "I was told you wanted to ask me about Lizzie," said Mark, who began nowito wish.that he had , refused to come. "Lizzie! Oh, aye. Ho, ho!" said Jackson. ' "So I do, so I do. I want to know about Lizzie very partic'lar. I just want to clap my eyes on her, then I shall be happy! Only that." "Then I'm afraid you'll have to wait a bit," said Mark. .

"Shall I? Oh," said the farmer, "we,shall sea about that. How is Lizzie, my lad ? " "When I last saw her she was looking very poorly," said Mark, incensed at what he took to be the callousness of the old farmer.

"An' when I saw 'er last she was looking remarkably well. Ho, ho I " said Jackson. He had another fit of chuckling, and his sister, with savage hits upon his back, urged him not to be such an old fool. § "But I can't 'elp it—l really can't," piped the farmer. "Mark were a bit surprised when he went away; but it's nothing to his surprise now, eh, Mark? What 'lid you say if I was to tell you 'at 77

But it was 'not needful for him to say more. Mark stood up as straight as if he had been slio9ked into rigidity, for, standing in the parlous dom4ay was Lizzie herself! She remained there only for an instant. With a cry, she rushed across the floor, and was locked in Mark's outstretched arms.

Again Jackson tried to say "Ho, ho," in a cheerful manner, but his effort resulted only in an alarming croak. Seizing this pretext to get him into the back kitchen, on the ground that he wanted snore and cooler air, the black-bonneted lady led him from the living-room; and, on the feeble excuse of giving help, Mark's sister left the room, 10 that the lovers were entirely alone.

"Come on," said Mark, .r..ating himself boldly in the vacated chair and drawing Lizzie towards him. "Just you make yourself comfortable here. and tell me how it's all happened." "You're forgetting that you're an invalided soldier," said Lizzie, with a happy smile—she had become very hot and red all at once; but that may- be attributed to her nearness to a blazing fire. "Soldiers be bothered I" exclaimed Mark. "As for invalids—do I feel like one ?"

He put a strong arm round Lizzie's waist and drew her towards him; but she refused to under- stand his wish. .

"Well, all right," he said, "if you think it isn't safe enough there, just coins and sit alongside;. there's plenty of room in this chair for two like us." Literally, it was a very loose fit, but they were both much too happy to consider trifling disadvan- tages like that. "Now," said Mark, "jtist you make one or two things clear. There's nobody watching "--he kissed her as he spoke—"and I shouldn't care if people were. You're mine now, my girl; and I never mean to let you go. If the dad, or the aunt—bless her bonnet, where did she get it ?—or the sister come in, never mind 'era. They're only members of the family."

(To be concluded.)

===== 0002601_19011227_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOWLEDGE.

Knowledge is gained with pain and ;Jost with ease. Do any of us remember how we learned the alphabet? Here is one who does. "What is this ? " inquired the tescherOpointing to a huge capital A. The question was repeated, but failed toslicit • reply. "I want you to tell me the name of this letter." said the teacher again. "'You know the name of it,"was the rejoinder. " Yes, I know the name of it," admitted the teacher, " but want to find out whetoer vou know its name or not. "Oh ! don't trouble °tout rap," said the little boy "But it's my businees to trouble about you—l mu trouble about you," persisted the worried teacher " why won't you tell me the name of this letter ? " " Because if I do, Miss you'll only want to know the name of the next one."

Knowledge is power." There is no darkness but ignor- ance." said Shakespeare ; but then Shakespeare never travelled on tha Metropolitan Railway. The most valuable knowledge is that taught by Experience. Thcso unfortunate beings who are racked by the agonies of sciatica will do well to profit by the experience of Mr Croft, of Brenley Farm, Boughton, Faversham. Says Mrs Harriet Croft "In the early part of a cold February my husband had a painful illness. He was very busy just then, and once found it necessary to re- main at his post the whole night through. The weather was wet and cold—so bad that he was thoroughly chilled, and a severe cold resulted. Sciatica the doctor called it,and treated him accordingly; but his medicines failed to do any good. Be became worse, and suffered excruciating pain. Far many days be was unable to put his foot to the ground. We consulted a second doc- tor. and later a. third. One blistered him, the other painted the part affected; but nothing did him any good. In August of the same year a small book reached us, and in it we read of the cure, by Seigel's Syrup, of a Mr Day,who lived at Cowden, Edenbridge" Having written to Mr Day,and been assured by him that every word said About his case was true, Mrs Croft re- solved togive Seigel'eSyrup a trial." Alter the first bottle" continues Mn, Croft, " there was a marked improve- ment, and by the time he had finished the second, he walked three miles and did a day's work. When there's a long spell of wet, my husband nets a twinge now and then, but Selei's Syrup never fails to quickly set him right," Thousands might very profitably allow Mr Croft's ex- perience to serve in lieu of their own. That is valuable knowledge, easily acquired. In connection with our Carnegie Competition we have awarded One Guinea to the following :—Matilda Childs, Medstead, near Alresford, Hants; Edith Gourley, 17 Abbey Terrace, Gateshead; Mrs John Bradshaw, En- glesa Brook, Barthomley, near Crewe ; Ethel Weavers. Halstead-road, Twinstead, Sudbury. Suffolk; Rev G W Bennett, 17, George-btreet, Worksop, Notts.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE Fli-IST YEAR OF, THE CENTURY.

The first year of the Century Has passed the shcrtest day, This year of many sad events Will soon have passed away. The noble Queen we loved so well Is with us now no more, We bear the war with fortitude. But wish that it were c'er. The Cettury began with war, Calamity and Etrife ; In China horrors shocked the world, And da•kened human life. We think the clouds ate breakiog now, That better days are near ; And if we trust in Providence, Whit need have we to !fear. Above the darkest stormy clouds Unseen by human eye, The wondrous orbs of light shine on Through al the azure sky. The old year soon will pass away And winter winds will blow, When it has gone, forever goae, As all on earth must go. How many friends alas we mourn, Since this year's dawn began, Where shall we find unsullied peace And happiness for man. When this uncertain life i 3 o'er Our only hope must be, A better wo,ld beyond the grave Which now we cannot see.

S. KENYON. Warrington, Decomber, 1901.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
AN AGED TREE.

Thi4 lonely tree. how Sere it lie, O'ercome by time at last ; But, 0, what Visions round it rise From out the dreamy past ! When lovely Spring's reviving powers Had cleared the snows away, And waked the birds and early flowers, To bless the lengthlning day : 0, then bedecked in tender green, It stood erect and high ; A glory to the rural scene That charmed the passers-by. The wild birds loved its leafy shade, And sang their anthems there ; While village children round it played With joy that knew no care. And in the Summer's sultry noon, The wayfarer opprest, Would hail its shadow as a boQn, And sit him down to rest. Then in the russet Autumn e'en, When slow the sun went down, 'Twas joy to watch his golden sheen Gleam through its leafy crown. Nor less, to see its noble form, When Winter swept the plain, All graceful bow before the storm. And graceful rise again. 0 happy they who, like that tree, Their seasons so falai. That in their wal s the world may sea New charms, now blessings still. When they, like it, all full of days, No more life's course pursue Men will recall their kindly ways, And bless their memory too. J. H. W. CLINDINNING.

THE NEW POSTAGE STAMPS.—It is notified by the Post Office that on and after January Ist new postage stamps bearing the King's portraits,nt the value of a id. ld, 20, and 63. respectively, will be on sale at the various post offices in the United Kingdom. It is stated t hat, the colour of the new sixpenny stamps being the same as that of the prfesnt penny stamps, care should be used to avoid mistaking one for the other. New stamps of other denominaticus also bearing the King's portrait, will be issued afterwards. All the adhesive stamps of the present issue bearing the portrait of the late Queen will be available ; as awill be the stamps with the late Queen's portrait embossed or printed oa envelopes, wrappers, postcards, and letter card,

===== 0002601_19011227_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
YEAR PRESENTS.

LLAMIE STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. GUITARS, VIOLINS, Bx, Special Offen—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S name inside, Rose- wood, ornamente;d les. 6d. Carriage paid. Best quail*" MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Cage la. post free, ARCHER earn SONS. STi ,JKORGHS' ORBSCRNT TOP OF LORD-STRBRT, RPOOL. Established 184 s.

XMAS AND NEW _ - ‘t '7;

===== 0002601_19011227_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 • : 4011

===== 0002601_19011227_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
(ALL marrs ItEnnITED.)

REVIEW OF THE YEAR.

-...-

===== 0002601_19011227_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
1901 At Home and Abroad.

QUEEN VICTORIA AND KING EDWARD. Incomparably the greatest event in the world's history during the first year of the new century has been that which occurred on the 22nd January, when Queen Victoria passed away at Osborne, and the crown she had worn for 63 years passed to her son, King Edward VII. For many months the Queen's health had been steadily failing, though knowledge of the fact was studiously withheld from the public, and it was not till the evening of Jan. 18th that any official intimation was made of her illness. But the wording of the bulletins of that day and the next quickly prepared the minds of her subjects for the worst. The solemn quiet of awed expectancy with which the news of the arrival of the supreme moment was awaited throughout the length and breadth of her great Empire, and wherever Englishmen were gathered in foreign lands, will never be for- gotten by those who saw it. It was surpassed only by the universal expressions of love for the dead and sympathy for those she had left behind, when at last the news was flashed to the ends of the earth that the great Queen had breathed her last "surrounded by her children and grandchildren." But distraction from the grief which the close of one reign created was provided by the instant necessity of in- augurating the new reign which followed. The Prince of Wales proceeded to London early on the morning following his mother's death, and at a Privy Council meeting in St. James's Palace he was declared King under the title of Edward VII., and received the oath of allegiance of the principal officers of State. In brief and dignified but intensely earnest speech the new King declared that his constant endeavour would always be to walk in the foot- steps of his beloved mother, and that be was "fully determined to be a Constitutional

The Late Queen. The Late Empre The Late The Late President McKinley. Ameer of Afghanistan.

Sovereign in the strictest sense of the word, and as long as there was breath in his body to work for the good and amelioration of his people." On Feb. Ist the remains of the late Queen were conveyed from Cowes to• Portsmouth between a double line of British and foreign ships of war. On the 2nd they were carried across London in the presence of a vast concourse of her mourn- ing subjects, followed by the new King, the mporor of Germany, the King of the Belgians, 1.-0 King of Portugal, the King of Greece, the Queen, and numerous Princesses in carriages, and a brilliant procession of Princes and soldiers. On arrival at Windsor a funeral

service was held in St. George's Chapel, and simultaneously, in St. Paul's, in Westminster Abbey, and in idnumerable churches and chapels throughout the country, the day being universally set apart as one of national mourn- ing. Finally, on Feb. 4th, the Royal remains - were hid to rest in the Mausoleum at Frogmore side by side with those of the late Prince Consort. Next clay King Edward issued a, -series of proclamations expressive of his grati- tude for and appreciation of the sympathy of 'Lis new subjects at home and abroad in his great grief. The King opened the first working session of his first Parliamentin person on Feb. 14th, accompanied by Queen Alexandra. The ceremony, though only conducted in "semi- State," was an exceedingly brilliant and im- pressive one. Among the Acts of the ensuing , session was one enabling his Majesty to amend his title, and this he did by proclamation on -Nov. 4th. His Majesty is now "By the Grace ,of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of the British Dominions beyond the Seas King, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India." Another bereavement befeL cur Royal Family in the death, on Aug. Zrd, of the Empress Frederick of Germany, eldest sister of' the King. The Empress had long been suffering from a painful and incurable malady. •

\ kl/4 ../t•?" A , , V 9 + . '-' 0 ' .4_.' ---->""Alk• , .---.... \ ' . ... ',' , ...r., • -y0f.,.., , 1., $1.1.',P ' fft'ir 'i 4 liV... • 1,,, \ZA!..r, . ...•• - • • ,ss Frederick,

===== 0002601_19011227_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROYAL TOUR.

'Absolutely unique in the history of the world iS the tour undertaken by the heir to the British Throne and his consort during the year that is past. The original occasion of the tour was the inauguration of the new Australian Commonwealth, but the journey once under- taken, every part of the_Empire clamoured to be included in its scope. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York set sail in the Ophir from Portsmouth on March 16th.

The Queen's Funeral: Passing the Marble Arch.

Gibraltar, Malta, Ceylon, and Singapore were visited on the .outward journey, the greatest enthusiasm being manifested here, as every- where throughout the tour, by natives and Europeans alike. The ceremony of opening the Federal Parliament took place on May 9th, at Melbourne, in a vast ball containing some 10,000 people. A round of festivities fol- lowed here and at Brisbane and Sydney. A brief stay in New Zealand, where the Maori chiefs were among the most loyal of the hosts of the Royal couple, was followed by visits to Hobart Town, Adelaide, and Perth. Mauritius was touched on the further journey to South Africa. In spite of the gloom cast by the war the receotion given to the Duke and Duchess

in Natar and Cape Colony was as earnest and , hearty as elsewhere. Crossing the Atlantio Ocean, the tourists reached Quebec in the middle of September. Thence by Montreal, Ottawa, -Winnipeg, Calgary, and, ,Vancouver, they made their memorable journey through the whole length of British North America. The return by way of Toronto and through the Maritime Provinces to Halifax and St. John's, Newfoundland, was, like the outward journey, one long triumphal progress. Both in South Africa and in Canada meetings with native chiefs formed pieturesque items in the Royal itinerary. The tour ended in Yarmouth Roads on the last day in October, having thus lasted seven months and a half. Its value as a means of cementing the affection between the Mother Country and her Colonies and of both for the reigning house is beyond calculation. On Nov. Ist a landing was made at Portsmouth, the King and Queen. with the little children of the Duke and Duchess, having gone out into the Roads to meet them. The arrival in London next day WaS the occasion of a great popular, demonstration. The King's birthday a week later saw the promotion of his son to the title of Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester. The Prince and Princess attended a luncheon at the Guildhall on Dec. sth in honour of 'their return when the Prince made an exceedingly interesting speech on his impressions of his trip.

-."---11.--------1-.-7.-:---; . - 1 Ti \ -___ -.._,------- , i I rIP- rt I] 1 --- .7:----.--",- - ia'.f!---'r •- . . , . , „ ii•, , : „ , ~ , i, . ..,:„.„..,,,,,,„:„,,,..•..,„,..„,„„ ..., at,A .1" ,•.t ;:. 7 - :''-:.' ti i 0 , , 1 i `...... 1 '• r *....v • 1 tA li iksT'c : (', • iIA 1 1 ‘

===== 0002601_19011227_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR.

The 'history of the war in South Africa during the past twelve months has been for the most part a repetition of the incidents of the last three months of 1900—perpetual _chasing& of

Prince of Wales. The Prim

fugitive commandos, successive captures of larger or smaller bodies of the enemy, varied by Boer captures of parties of our own troops, and by a host of indecisive skirmishes in which now one side and now the other appeared to get the best of things. But always there has been a slow; steady, wearing down of the enemy's resources, and, in spite of the rebel accessions to their ranks from Cape Colony, an equally steady diminution of their numbers. Perhaps the most dramatic of the reverses sus- tained by our troops was that at Brakenlaagte in October, in which Col. Benson lost his life. At the same time as they hunted the Boer commandos our troops have been engaged in a systematic clearance of the means of Subsistence from the country side, in the hope of making the roving tactics of the Boers no longer pos- sible from lack of supplies. This has been followed up latterly by the establishment of lines of blockhouses intended to prevent the passage of the enemy into districts already settled. By this means Mr. Brodrick, the Secretary for War, was able to claim in November that there had already been shut in 14,700 square miles of the Transvaal and 17,000 square miles of the Orange River Colony. In the same speech the impending despatch was announced of a large body of fresh troops to replace some of the war-worn men already there. One result of this clearing policy has been the necessity of providing for the non- combatant population which it deprived of the means of subsistence. This has been done by the establishment of a number of great con- centration camps at various points on the rail- way line in the Transvaal, the Orangc River Colony, Cape Colony, and Natal. Owing to de- fective accommodation, epidemics, and the

Assassination of President McKinley.

13 oer ignorance of the laws of sanitation, the mortality in these camps, especially among the children, has been terribly high. Miss Emily Hobhouse, who drew attention to the state of things there, has since been prevented by the military authorities from landing in South Africa, and legal proceedings have resulted. The continued presence of Boer raiders in Cape Colony has been considered to render impossible the maintenance of Parliamentary government there, and the public service has been carried on by the warrants of the Governor. Martial law was also extended on Oct. 9th throughout the whole of the Colony, including Cape Town.. In February last a meeting took place between Lord Kitchener and Commandant Germ-al Botha, at which the former sketched terms of surrender with which Botha, "seemed satisfied." When, however, these terms had be sub- mitted to and revised by Mr. Chamberlain and presented to Botha in their new form, that General declared himself unable even to submit them to his Government for consideration. Since then the Boer leaders have declared that nothing but the granting of complete indepen- dence will induce them to lay down their arms. In May Sir Alfred Milner visited this country on leave of abneuce, and was given a peerage.

4 . , r osV.V47-1 ~.'• ,/ . i'-........"_,.-.. „ At , , e ..,". . 4 • tc -,,, , iff-40- \ , ' 4:•.\ ..... I \\ \, \ i t \ .4, ...n , , , ~_,..,,,, . g "--- A\ \ ~w,) • r- / 14, ...-:;7 King Edward VII. Queen Alexandra. The - tcess of Wales.

I' ',.. ' • . • ' \ 1,/ '-z.-.2"; 11 i i I• , 1 1 i ' 11. ~.11...i :11 \ . . 1j t I ,i, V I 11, i . • t li' •1 :' liq 1,1---; i g ..':,..k. 34.1\ (.-9 ,r.i.t , 4 ---7- -,-,• ' . ,P`'..l :,' '',.o ''..4._ ' :pi ---,' N k• , illgrJ) ' I • ' ‘ .:ki1.,:411•i"4,1!' ,' ....k,--;<,.. • ~.:;,. •, 0! 1.,,,g1 = •ir Aar--- '''' , 'f ....4.\.„7,,,c,:it.,.24./4-4.1._,--7?, „0 -/ .•, • ..i.,-,: ~ ~ \---;-:--.---..---44f •', ~,, ../ •-V li' ,- ',:.,:;,v0i1i• )1 4/ ,7,4 _.,,xillq ~. •,.;)-i. 1 ii,'',// 1- .P' :I','i Ir-•;,PliiMil li I) Iii).:•1 1 • .?4;,,kil 7 . -'O/1 . ' \ , ia 1 it )1 ilAN\'\"/ / The

===== 0002601_19011227_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. McKINLEY'S ASSASSINATION.

The year has been marked by yet another assassination of the Head of a State—an -assassination even more purposeless than that of the King of Italy in 1900. On Friday, Sept. 6th, Mr. William McKinley, President of the United States of America, was shot while on a visit to the Pan-American Exhibition at Buffalo. His assailant, a youth named Leon Czolgosz, who had been excited by the teach- ings of Anarchist lecturers, made his attack at a great reception, while the President was in the act of offering him his hand. The President appeared for some days, with his excellent con- stitution, to have a good chance of recovery. On the seventh day, however, there was a relapse. and death took place early on Sept.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
rHE EXAMINER. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 27 1901.

14t1f. The struggle Nail been watched with the deepest solicitude by the whole civi- lised world, and the sympathy with tie grief of the American people and Mrs. McKinley at its fatal termination was no less widespreaa.* The President's remains were conveyed to Washing- ton on the 17th, and next day 63,000 of his countrymen passed the coffin as it lay in the Capitol. On the 19th the interment took place at his own town of Canton, Ohio. The assassin was tried and condemned on the 25th for murder, and was " electrocuted " at Auburn on Oct. 29th. On Mr. McKinley's death Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, the Vice-President, became, by the provision of the Constitution, President in his stead. He at once declared his intention of carrying on unaltered the policy of his predecessor. He is however, a known enemy of the great Trust; which dominate in- dustrial and political life in the States, and he has set his face against the custom of making official appointments the reward of party ser- vices. The defeat of Tammany Hall at the New York Mayoral elections in November may be regarded as to some degree a result of the new influence he has already brought to bear on the political life of his country. Mr. Roosevelt's first Presidential Message to Congress on Dec. 3rd recommended the exclusion and deportation of Anarchists, the adoption of legislation on trusts, and the conclusion of reciprocity treaties with foreign States.

Britain in the matter, and this treaty was brought before the Senate in December. With the capture of Aguinaldo the revolt in the Philippines has been brought to a virtual con- clusion. Civil war in Colombia has led to an American intervention in Isthmian politics, of which it is difficult to see the conclusion. The death of the Ameer, Abdurrahman Khan, in October caused some fear of complications in ,that restless kingdom. Happily, however, his son, Habibullab, was proclaimed Ameer forth- with in perfect quiet. The Federation of

-

's Last Stand.

Australia was inaugurated on Jan. Ist, and elections took place in March to the first Federal Parliament. With the aid of a small Protectionist majority in both Houses M. Barton and his colleagues are striving to carry a Protective Revenue Tariff in face of strenuous opposition. Several duties have, however, been rejected or reduced. Insufficient rains have again delayed India's recovery from the great famine. The inhabitants of Malta ,have been greatly agitated by an ordinance legalising the English language in the law courts of the island.

Dr. Lara TRADE, COMMERCE, AND

AGRICULTURE.

Tie trade of the year, though still good, slim-s increasing signs that the high-water mark cf the close of the century has been passed. Tha Board of Trade returns of imports for the first eleven months of the year show only a slight decrease in value as compared with the corresponding period in the previous year—£475,506,540, against £477,275,947—but the exports show a decrease of over eleven mi1i0n5—£256,185,112, against £267,839,334. In the textile trades Lusincs,s has remained fairly brisk, but the large profits which cotton spinners realised in 1900 have not Iteen main- tained, and weaving looms have been by no means constantly employed. The various branches of the iron trade have been fairly flourishing, though at one period in the machine-making industry particularly there was a considerable falling off of business, and

lbein

ninny men were out of work. The relations of employers and employed have been almost uniformly good. The Penrhyn quarry dispute, however, still drags on its weary way, and there was a disastrous lock-out in the fishing trade at Grimsby. Here the disputants were ultimately persuaded by Lord Yarborough to refer their differences to the arbitration of a Board of Trade nominee, but not before the offices of the Masters' Federation had been wrecked in a formidable riot. The home Stock Market has been depressed throughout the year, and consols, rails, and industrials are all lower than they were. American and Canadian rails, however, have steadily improved. African mines have maintained their prices in spite of the war, but Australians have been very erratic. An extremely dry summer has had a bad effect on agriculture. There has been a fair crop of wheat and barley, but oats have been much below the average. Hay was, of course, a very bad crop, and imports from Canada have kept down prices for what there was. Roots, too, have done poorly. Cattle and sheep have kept a fair price, and calving cows have been remarkably plentiful, but feeding prices are still going up. Cheese has sold well, and so has such butter as is still made in England. The supply of pigs is still diminishing.

destroyers, ond even more costly lesons have been learnt in military science, and a great im- petus given to invention, through the war. A most important conflict, big with consequences for the future of electric traction, has beem that between the champions of direct and polyphase current for the underground railway in London. now decided in favour of the former.. 3, The seismograph, hitherto used simply to record earthquake shocks, has been •shown to be capable of indicating atmospheric. disturbonces at a considerable dis- tance and so obtains a new value as a weather prophet. In pure scienco also much work has, been done which, however, is apt to be of less gen.?ral 'interest than that of a more practical nature. In biology and botany new species have beeq discovered, some fillingemportant gaps in the evolutionary order. Some interest- ing speculations as to the relation.s of the de— velopment of the brain and the shape of the skull have been called forth by extensive head measurements conducted mainly by Frenchmen. Lord Kelvin has suggested a theory which in— dicates that the total amount of matter in the universe may be about equal to 1,000,000,000 -times that contained in our sun. Professor G. Forbes suggests the existence of a large planet beyond Neptune. Interesting information as to the pre-Grecian and other old inhabitants' of Crete has been obtained by excavations in that island, and the Antarctic regions are being invaded by British and German expeditions acting in co-operation.

.-,-:_- ‘O-H:=::: . 4 ',"1:.: -7 ..., .641. 6.4., , -,, • •,..-t, , ‘... CO"l4ix.,l'.' ...........s„, i , ...w.\\ 4 ,' ti \. -v • , Colonel Benson'.

- _ • • \\\' "ctc••\\\ ,\\ • • 7 •*-\ , 2 Sir Thomas Lipton. Santos Dumont. Corporal Ommundsen. Montagu Hol'

===== 0002601_19011227_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME POLITICS.

The first Parliamentary session of the new reign was devoted mainly to financial measures. The war charges involved the sanction of another large loan and the imposition of fresh taxation. TIN income tax was raised 2d. in the pound, a tit:ay of a halfpenny in the pound was imposed upon sugar and one of le,per ton upon exported coal. This last measure was strenuously opposed by both masters and men in the mining districts. A civil list of £470,000 was granted to the new King, several changes being introduced in the methods of its com- putation. Other financial measures included large additional schemes of expenditure upon the defensive forces of the Empire. A larae measure of Army reform was carried, the main feature of which was the creation of five Army Corps and Army Corps districts, ti) the head- quarters of which much of the routine work of the War Office was delegated. A Bill for setting up new local education authorities met with so strenuous an opposition, that it was withdrawn, and a temporary measure was passed in its stead giving the Municipal and County Councils power to authorise the continuance by the School Boards for one year of the higher grade classes ren- dered illegal by the famous Cockerton judg- ment. A comprehensive Factory Act, a Juvenile Offenders' Act, and an Act renewing for four years the Agricultural Rating and Clerical Tithes Acts were the only other measures of importance which the session produced. The most striking feature of the autumn political campaign was the reappearance of Lord Rose. bery, who, at its close, addressed a great meeting at Chesterfield. An indiscreet after- dinner speech by Sir Redvers Buller in reply to certain, criticisms of his conduct of the Natal campaign led to his dismissal from the com- mand of the First Army Corps at Aldershot. This step caused great popular agitation. A mass meeting in Hyde Park passed a resolution declaring the speech to be the excuse for and not the cause of his dismissal.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN AND COLONIAL AFFAIRS.

The crisis in China, which formed so terrible a chapter in the history of 1900, has in theory at any rate found a satisfactory settlement in 1901. The negotiations between the pleni- potentiaries of the Empire and the represents-

Habibullah -ller. Dr. Ingram, Bishop • of London. fives of the Powers dragged on till Sept. 7th, when the final Protocol was signed in Pekin. Ten days later the Forbidden City was handed over to the Chinese, and was forthwith set in order for the return of the Court. The Court, however, has not yet arrived, though it is understood to have been on the move many weeks. The indemnity has been fixed at £65,000,000, and interest and sinking fund are secured by increased Customs 'duties. Two of the offending mandarins were executed in Pekin last February, and others have been banished by the Emperor. Just. two months after the signing of the ,Protocol Li Hung Chang, its principal Chinese negotiator, died, and with him all prospects of an early settlement with Russia in regard to her position in: Man, churirt. Serious trouble has been caused in the Near East by the refusal of Turkey to carry out her obligations under the concession made to the French Quays Com- pany at Galata. Even the departure of the French Ambassador failed to extract a satis- factory response to the French demands under this head. Nothing less than the seizure Of 71.1ytilene was required to bring_the Sultan to •hi S senses, and to obtain its release the Porte was compelled to give guarantees .for the settle- ment of many other matters of difference be- tween the two Powers besides that which caused the original rupture. Throughout the crisis France had the tacit support of Ru.s.sia, the Czar's visit to France while it was at its height giving emphasis to the fact. After a meeting with the Kaiser at Dantzig, the Czar end Czarina, reviewed the French fleet off 'Dun- kirk on Sept. 18th, and three days later they were present at a review of 130,000 French troops near Compiegne. Great excitement was created in France by the passage, in face of . strenuous opposition, of a Bill requiring all monastic orders and other associations to obtain a licence from the Government. Many religious orders have complied with the new law, but others have preferred emigration. In Belgium Bill has been carried suppressing the gaming tables at the various watering places. The hi-centenary t,f the establishment of the . Prnssinn monarchy was to have been celebrated with great elaboration last January, but the death of Queen Victoria, grandmother of the Kaiser, cut the festivities short. The Queen of Holland was married in February to Duke Henry. of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. The ex- communication of Count Tolstoi and other more • personal grievances provoked riots among the -"students of the Russian Universities in March, and these were put down with terrible brutality • and ferocity by the soldiery. The Minister of .Education was assassinalted, and the Precurator of ' the Holy Synod was, shot at. A treaty re- visine. the Anglo-American agreement respect- ing the creation of a canal from the Caribbean to the Pacific was signed in January, but was so mutilated by the United States Senate as to lead to its abandonment by Great Britain. In November, however, a fresh treaty was. sig.ned. which practically involves the abroga- tion of the whole of the rights of Great

klf ••,' :W' /44 f ~,, \... •• , I 4---.5.- - - . _ . ,-4,- President Roosevelt, ' • Khan. Sir Redvers Bull

===== 0002601_19011227_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
,SCIENTIFIC PROGRESS.

A great deal of useful work has been done in 'the course of the year in various departments of science. .Among the most immediately use- ful investigations are those into the introduc- tion of arsenic intr - • nrticles of human

Santos Dumont sailing over Paris.

consumption. This has been traced amongst other sources to impure sulphuric acid used in the manufacture of glucose, and to anthracite and coke used in the preparation of various food stuffs: 'Dr. Koch has thrown welcome doubt upon a theory which has long been troubling us, namely, that tuberculosis can be transmitted to man by the milk or the beef of an infected cow. The metal aluminium is slowly pressing forward, and proving itself ugeful in new and important ways. Aerial navigation has made, distinct progress,- M. 'Santos Dumont having successfully steered his air ship from St. Cloud round the Eiffel Tower and back. Wireless telegraphic apparatus has been fitted to Atlantic r liners, and the Campania and Lucania have been able to communicate in mid-ocean, though quite out of sight of one another. A terribly costly lesson has been taught us in the matter of the construction of torpedo boat

Into various articles 11119' Aal°lllrllll.ll.-‘',lo.t.'' vortrA• -

_,_............_.....5.-...,,-...--7..--.= . -.4Q... •N ';;.,; 1' --=----- - • ' " ,•X A

===== 0002601_19011227_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
SPORTS AND PASTIMES.

Once more British yachtsmanship has proved unequal to the task of bringing home the America Cup. The races between Sir Thomas Lipton's Shamrock 11. and the defender Columbia were very close, however, and there is every reason to hope for better luck next time. The English cricket champion- ship last summer was a foregone conclusion almost from the first, York- shire out-distancing all competitors with her wonderful all-round style. A. C. MacLaren has taken a team out to Australia which, though far from representative, has so far done remarkably well. Liverpool won theAFootball League Cup in April by splendid form from about the New Year onwards, and though their renewed success this year is improbable Everton are making a good bid to keep the trophy in the Mersey city. The English Cup was won by Tottenham Hotspur, who first made a draw before 121,000 people at the Crystal Palace, and a week later won handsomely in the re- played tie at Bolton. England did indifferently in the internationals with Scotland, drawing the Association game and losing that under Rugby rules. Devon beat Durham in , the Rugby County Championship. The popularity of hockey and its Canadian-born cousin, lacrosse, has increased bv great strides, and golf is rapiQy ceasing to be the monopoly of the well-to-do. Cycling has grown more popular than ever as a pastime and less so as a sport. 'A. A. Chase is the hero of the year for speed, and his forty miles in an hour was a remarkable performance even on a beautiful track, with motor-pacing. Auto-mobilism is increasing in popularity by leaps and bounds, and vast sums have been spent during the year on experiments.' A few running, hammer-throwing, weight-putting, and other athletic records have been made, but speaking generally the year has not been marked by that madness for record-breaking which was at one time dominant in the world of sports. Several American athletes have paid us a visit. A plucky attempt to cross the Channel was made in August by Montagu Holbein, but the task had to be given up six miles short of the English coast. Corporal Ommundsen was the winner of the King's Prize at Bisley. Indoors there has been a most remark- able growth in the demand for billiard equip- ment, full size and miniature, while " ping- Pon " has been taken up with furious energy by the young of both sexes.

OBITUARY. Death has been very busy in high places during the year that has gone. Among heads of States and members of ruling houses the deaths of our own beloved Queen and her daughter, the Empress Frederick, President McKinley, and the Ameer Abdurrahman Khan, have already been referred to and to these .1-oust be added the es-King Milan of Servia.. Statesmen and politicians who have gone in- clude Signor Crispi, the great Italian; Prince Hohenlohe. ex-Chancellor of the German Empire; Count Hatzfeldt, German Ambassa- dor in London; Li Hung Chang, the China- man; Sir J. 11. Dickson, ex-Premier of Queens- land and Minister of Public Defence in the first Federal Government; Sir E. W. Stafford, three times Premier of New Zealand; Sir John Mackenzie; Ex-Governor Eyre, of Jamaica; Mr. W. W. B. Beach, "Father" of the House of Commons; and the erratic Irish M.P. Dr. Tanner. A great permanent official has been lost to us in Sir Courtenay Boyle, Secretary to the Board of Trade. The Church

has lost Dr. Creighton, Bishop of London; Dr. Stubbs, Bishop of Oxford; Dr. Westcott, Bishop of Durham; and the Rev. H. R. Harreis. The legal profession is the poorer bY the deaths of Sir A. L. Smith, Master of the Rolls; Lord Morris; Sir Franklin Lushington, Chief Magistrate at Bow-st., and Mr. Samuel Pope, K.C., leader of the Parliamentary Bar. The Army has lost General Sir A. L. Fremantle; and the Navy Admiral of the Fleet Sir John Commerell,i of Crimea fame, and Admiral Sir Anthony Hoskins. Among departed representatives of literature are Sir Walter Besant, Mr. Robert Buchanan, Mr. W. J. Stillman, Mr. Ignativa Donnelly (of the " Cryptogram"), and Miss C. M. Yonge. In the world of music, Sir John Stainer, Signor Verdi, and Signor Piatti have left us, and in their company may be named Mr. R. D'Oyly Carte, the great operatic im- pressario. Prominent medical men are lost to us in Sir James Piget, Sir Andrew Fairbairn, and Sir W. MacOtrmac. Two explorers have died in Prince Henry of Orleans and Professor Nordenskiold. The year's obituary also in- cludes Miss Kate Greenaway, the charming painter of child life; Mr. J. M. Brydon, archi- tect of the new War Office; Miss Orrnerod, the entomologist; Lord Wantage; Sir Edward Watkin, the 'railway king ; Mr.. George Lohmann, the cricketer; Mrs. Kruger, wife of the Transvaal ex-President; the Duchess of Cleveland, mother of Lord Rosebery; and the Dowager Lady Carew, aged 103, said to have

dnnceSnt the famous uan at Brussels on the eve of Waterloo.

.„.t.:.--7'•-) 1. \ t 41 ~ •' - , " ' ' 3 v( 44r 1 :1 N, • , 4., 1 „...-„,... 0, It - I/ Ni (A ' -,\ i , , , •(,,,,s, ; - ~,t)1, , ) -• i, - -- \ ili 114:4( \ \ NIG, i.,.!- ,•, \\,,, u , -

, The Late The Late Sir Walter Besant. Dr. Creighton. The Late The Late Signor Crispi. Li Rung Chang.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.

A picturesque event of the year was the trial of Earl Russell by his peers, with the Lord Chancellor as Lord High Steward at their bead, for a bigamous marriage contracted in the United States. The divorce which his lordship had obtained ineAmerica from his first wife was found of no effect in British law, and he was sentenced' to three months' imprisonment as a first-class misdemeanant. Mr. Andrew Car- negie announced in June a gift of £2,000,000 for the endowment of chairs in the Scottish trniversities and the payment of the fees of ; '

Ear]

Trial in the

ouse of

poor students there. Dr. Winnington Ingram has succeeded the late Dr. Creighton as Bishop of London. The thousandth anniversary of the death of King Alfred was celebrated in September, when a statue of him was un- veiled by Lord Rosebery at Winchester, his ancient capital. The decision of the House of Lords that trades unions may be sued in the law courts to the full amount of their funds for damage caused by the action of their members created great consternation among the friends of the trades union movement. Disasters on a large scale have been numerous during the year. On Sept. 19th the torpedo destroyer Cobra, while on a trial trip with new turbine engines, broke in two in a gale, and 07 of her crew were drowned. The New York liner City of Rio de Janeiro sank in February at the mouth of San Francisco harbour, and 120 of those on board were drowned. The steamer Islander, carrying returning gold diggers, struck an ice- berg off the Alaskan coast, and over 100 of the passengers and crew were lost. Some 200 lives were lost on the British coasts through the severe storm of November, and another great gale in December caused much further havoc. Between 70 and 80 men lost their lives through an explosion in the Universal Colliery, in South Wales. Damage to the amount of some 4,000,000 dollars was done in January by a great fire in the business portion of Montreal. Another great fire at Jacksonville, Florida, rendered from 10,000 to 15,000 persons homeless. A dam burst in the State of Virginia in June, by which 500 persons were drowned.

-1 f • z _L ; %:-..j,. I • 4 ....-7.- ---- ''' 11::----.• • ,!I -- i= r. 5--- ----- 1-5.-"-- 4, %., •/.1= p . • . , ._,_ . , k ------7-- a ..; : -.... •:- _ z ~-;.....a... 7_ .... ! • - Pill' II foO___< : \l* i . ti‘ ;1 li • 4,,:-.1 1, i !if ill, , 11 1 r, ~.._ _ 4_ •10\11 ,A, " I,lll'. - 1;\:-.--,, 11 ,• 1 4 , ' , 1 „ • v ,f,figt,s 1,11 I i--Ff *I Russell's H, Lords

===== 0002601_19011227_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA SUBDUED

IN TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.

If you are suffering, or if any of your children are suffering from Coughs, Influenza, Bronchitis, Asthma, Sore Throat, or Whooping Cough, Veno's Lightning ' Cough Cure will rapidly cure you. It is a new scientific- remedy of unsurpassed excellence, vastly superior to or dinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. It clears the bronchial tute 3. removes cold from the head, and cures the aching pains of Influenza and Pleurisy, gives perfect ease in breathing and will STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. During the epidemic of La Grippe or Influenza which raged throughout North America in 1897, Veno's Light- Ining Cough Cure reduced the Death Rate to such an lextent that physicians never hesitated to prescribe it. It bas the peculiar effect of rapidly subduing this affliction at the same time overcoming the after effects. CAU noN.—Ask for Veno's Lightning Cough Cure,be sure you get it. The dealer will probably tell you ho has one of his own ; tell him you want Veno's, and in- sist on it. Price is I,lcl and 23 9d. All Chemists.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPEN HALL.

THE DAY Sorrooz.--The annual distribution of prizes took place in the rchool last week. The awards were I given by the Rev R Greenall, over fifty scholars being recipients. The following boys and girls attended for twelve months without a single absence : Janet Fair- hurst, Emily Wheeler, John Maiowaring, Donald Mac- kenzie, Ada Wheeler, Dorothy Eaton and Cleric Eaton After the distribution the school broke up for the Christmas holidays. THE EVENING Scaom—The social in connection with the above passed off last Friday evening. About thirty pupils and friends sat down to tea. Music, dancing and games formed the programme for the rest of the night, a very enjoyable time following.

Professor Dixon in South Africa. Professor Dixon, who is well known as an enter- tainer in Liverpool and Manchester, and who has bppeared several times with marked success at the Parr Hall. Warrington, is at present doing a good work for the benefit of our " Tommies " in Kimberley, South Africa. On November 26th, the first of a series of concerts took place, the proceeds being devotel to providing a Christmas tnat for the sick and wounded soldiers in No 11 General Hospital. The concert, which was given in the Kimberley Town flail, was not so extensively patronised as it deserved to be but we are sure that Professor Dixon's kind thoughtfulness for our dis- abled soldiers in the festive season was highly appreciated in official circles. Much 'sympathy is expressed for the Professor and Mrs Dixon, owing to the recent fire at their residence. Although insured, the indirect loss in music and clothes was very heavy. Describing the fire, one of the South African newsplpers. says :—" It was a question ot saving one from ones friends, as the furniture was bundled out so quickly that it was all more or less damaged.

EYES THAT SEE that is to say, many eyes which were seriously affected. can now see as well as ever through MELLOR'S TREATMENT. Pamphlet Free. MELLOR. Eye Specialist and Gold Medalist, 168, Oxford- street, Manchester. Advt. (5).

„ Vir; T, WILLIAMS.—SPECIALM in MILLINERY DRESSRS and MANTLBS.-74, SANKEY-STREET. and 1. LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

The Vicar-Designate of St. Chad's, Over. The Rev W D. Stables, M.A., who has accepted,at the gift of the Bishop of Chester, the living of St: Chad's Over, has earned a wide reputation as an energetic worker and organizer. He has been assis- tant curate in the :parish of Runcorn since 1893. Shortly after his advent in the parish he was ap- Tointed curate-in.charge of Weston, where he found the day school had to serve the double pur pose of educating :the children and providing a place for public worship. Together with the Vicar (the R3V Canon Maitland Wood), Mr Stables set to work to raise funds to build a church, and the movement, though at first beset with numerous difficulties, at .length took prac- tical shape by the gift of a Site and £5OO from Major Orred. The first sod was cut in February, 1897, and the foundation stone laid on May Nth of the same year by the Rev John Daniel Darby, D.D., dean of Chester. The choristers who responded to the appeal of Mr Stables may be reckoned by thousands, In commemoration of the splendid work of the boys in helping to raise funds to build the church Mr Joseph Spencer, of Ryton, Durham made a gilt to the church of a magnificent organ. At the time the foundation stone upwards of £l,OOO was still required to cover the total cost, but when the building was opened this debt had practically teen met, thanks to the untiring energy of the Rev W H Stables and his earnest band of workers. Be- sides this commendable enterprise .the rev gentle- man has shown much zeal and aggressiveness in in the matter of parochial organization, and it is doubtless his success in this direction which has commended him to the favourable consideration of the bishop in the appointment under notice.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
The Work of the Past Season.

Sir GILBERT GREENA.LL, Bart., presided over the annual meeting of tne Warrington and district Agricul- tural society which was held at the offices of Messrs. John White, Mclver aad Co., on Monday afteraoon. There were also present :—Messrs. H F Greenough (chairman of committee), J Hepnerd (vice-chairman of committee), Joseph Knowles (hon. treasuter), E Gibbon R Cldrke, E Clarke, J Mainwaring, W Fowles, jun., A Broome, James Gould, Joseph Gould, James Tickle, J Whitlow (Broomfields), J Whitlow; (PrPttoo Book), A Pimlott, I F. Taylor, J E Becker and H Beresford Mel- vine (secretary).

_ THE ACCOUNTS. The statement of accounts was presen!ed by the Secretary. The receipts including subscriptions, special prizes, ke., £230 4s 6d : special cionatioo, £250 ; entry tees for exhibits, £153 6s ; admission at gate and grand stand, £135 16e ; and other items making a total of £791 3s 3. Toe payments amounted to £767 lOs 4d ; and included the following items :—Prizes, £565 15s ; fitting itie show yard. £62 ; printing, advertising, &c., £5B 4s Si and judges' lees, salaries and commissions, £5B 7s 3d. The balance in hand on the year's working amounted to £23 12s 11d, which added to the balance in hand at the beginning of the year, makes the total amount to the credit of the society, £52 9s 91. The accounts were adopted. SECRETARY'S REPORT. The SECRETARY read the report as follows :—The twelfth annual show of the above society was held in Walton Park, by the kind permission of the President (Sir Gilbert Greenall. Bart), on Thursday, Bth August, 1901. At the annual meeting last year a revised set of rules for the more beaeficial working of the society was adopted, and the results so far have proved satisfactory The Vice-President for the year was Colonel Cornwall Legh, of High Legh, Knutsford.who has for many years supported the society. The large and much appreciated gathering of agriculturists at Sir Gilbert Greenall'a luncheon is another special feature of the stow. Apart from the show itself the many privileges accorded by the President to all visitors on tne show day in viewing his -iyate grounds and visiting his stables, ko, has created 00 society's annual show one of the recognized great days of the year in the locality. From the very first the members of the society have been indebted to Sir Gilbert for the generous support he has given them,both financially and in providisg a free ground and a most excellent ring. The entries were not so numerous as last year, but it was admitted that the quality of the exhibits keeps on insproviog, So much so that old ex- hibitors considered themselves so far below the average that they made few or no entries. For a local show this is to be regretted, and in some instances the entries. were obtained with much difficulty and considerably ' after the date published for the last day of entry., With regard to a day appointed for receiving' entries other measures will have to be . taken' If the lists bad been closed as announced it would not., have been desirable to bold the show as there were', very few entries. As a great deal ot clerical work has to be got through between the last day of entry and the day of the show it is a matter of the greatest ins— portance that the entries should be received as soon se Possible, and it is to be hoped in future that intending., exhibitors will bear this in mind. Ths shire classes" were considered good as regards the number of entries. There were, however, only a few barren mares in that particular class, as also yearling colts or geldings_ A. ' new class for two-year-old colts was added to the sche dule of prizes, but only four were entered. The drench gelding classes were not as good as last year, and again: there was the utmost difficulty in obtaining entries. The hunters, harness and hackney classes throughout were well filled, and the judges expressed themselves most, satisfied with the entries, some well-known exhibitors . . again taking prizes. Tne cattle classes still keep low in numbers, and it is considered necessary to make the classes more attractive to the neighbourhood. All the . produce classes were badly filled and a rearrangement of these might very well be considered. In the place or the silver challenge cup which was won outright at the 1900 show, the President now offers a £lO champion CUP each year ; the challenge cup for cattle -given by Mr Littleton Dewburat still remains the property of the society. The deficit in the account; is less thar. last year, and there are still hopes that the society may eventually be self-supporting. For a work of this kind there is no reason why the subscription list should not be (hulled, or at any rate very materially 141 increased, and if this could only be accomplished the _ committee would not have the necessity of asking the President each year for a " special donation," to meet the deficit. It was, hewever, expected that this year tnere would be a considerable reduction in the debit balance, especially if the weather had been settled. For some days, however, previous to the show there had been heavy rain, and on the show day there was a heavy downpeur in the middle of the dae which weakened the attenclanee. The prompt and systematic manner in which the stewards carried out their part of the work was again a matter of the greatest satisfac- tion. It ma o not be generally known that a great deal of responsibility devolves upon the st ?wards on the day of the show, and they could easily make or mar the success of the day. The Secretary, in conclusion ' gave an analysis of receipts for the last six years. In 1896 the total teceints were £309 Is ; 1897, £259 4s ; 1898. £285 2; 61 ; 1899, £329 131 81 ; 1900, £464 2s 91 4111 and 1901, £533 16; 61; a grand total of £2,131 Os 5L . The PRESIDENT said there was no doubt that the

priv

shod

backbone of the society was the number of subscribers —as indeed was the case in any soci:ity. He was sure they were all pleased with the report, which showed that the society was growing in a very satisfactory manner. (Hear, hear). The report was approved. SIR GILBERT GREEN'ALL RR-ELECIED PRESIDENT, Mr.GREENOI:33II proposed the re-election t f Sir Gilbert Greenall as president. (Hear bear.) He said they could not have • better gentleman at the head of affairs, Sir Gilbert wished the show to go on, and be not only the first in the district, but the first in Lancashire. (Hear. hear.)

- The re-election was unanimously agreed tc. THE ICE-PRESIDENT The PRESIDENT, in returning thanks, said he had the interests of the aociety at heart, and would do all he possibly could to make it a success. (Efear, hear.) Mr BE-211E11D proposed the election of Colonel Ireland

Blackburn° as vicr-preaident, and said that gentleman had always taken an interest in the welfare of the Society. Mr GIIEENOrGH seconded and the motion was (muti- nously carried.

GENERAL COMMITTEE. ' A third of the General _Committee_ retired and %acre

eligible for re-election. Mr Samuel Davies was elected in the place of the late Mr Peter Davies, and the retiring members of the committee were re-elected en bloc. The committee is composed as follows :—Messrs Richard Ainscough, A. Browne, T Charnock, R Clarke, S Davies, W Fairhurst, H Greenough, J Gould, S Gould, E Gib- bon, James Repberd. W H Jones, .1 Main wariog, H Mawdsley, H Milling, jun., H G Roberts, 3 Shatieshaft, J Tinsler, jun., F Tinsley, J Tickle, Maj 3r Walker and John White ; Colin Maclver (hon. secretary) and .1 Knowles (hon. treasurer). ALTERATION or. =La.

Rule ten was altered to read as tollows :—" AU rx-.

hibits ie district classes must have been the boria-51e

property of the exhibitor and on ins premises for and during one month previous to the date of entry. Exhibits in open classes must be the bons-fide property of the exhibitor at the date of entry."

THE PRESIDENT TIIkNIEED

Mr GREENOUGH. in proposing a vote of thanks to Sir Gilbert Green&llfor presiding, expressed the wish that he might long continue to do EO, (Hear, hear.) Mr TICKLE seconded, and the rote was heartily carried.

Sir GILBERT said be could heartily assure them that be %mild always los found ready when wanted, and ha would do anything he could to assist them in any way. (Applause.) P The meeting then terminated.

COMMERCIAL FAILLIRES.--ACCOrding to '6 Kemp's Mer- cantile Gazette," the number New Bankruptcy Proceed-. ings in Eugland and Wales g netted during the week ending December 21st, was 91 The number in the correepoading week of last year was 53, Ehowing increase of 'l,being a net decreaEe in 1901, to date,of

eczema and other tortl au(' irritations, while Cleanse the surface anon-Mugs with CrTi itching. burning skin. Price. So kV, Oiarmi by )d. NVWHICY a Son-

11

I

p

'7l

I

1 , • . , 1 ;1!.. • I 4 , uate,c4l 182. BABY LIKES IT -- Fs - „ , .t • , • • ;1, ' \ s•• 77 • r CUTIGURA RESOLVENT is SOip:Unnl, S:rse,erat:l:nesd. wholesome that all ages may take It Nitlllt PleaSUre and ^ntlt. Its mission Is to cool and cleanse the blood in ' -.•hertorturtng,disfiguring warni baths with CUTICITRA SOAP . of crusts and se,kles. and gentle 't•7l: CICI.7BA. CiuUnent soothe and heal .n. :.• rwa wrmt:NT, 25. ad.. sli.Chr mi.'s; or. postPshl Loodon. PwrrAlc Dkuti AAP fee, Cue..., Sole Props., liocon. I:. A,. ,t • , , • t ' - • . „. • 111

===== 0002601_19011227_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "Opmtner Oornts

T" - WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRRB SHI EXAMINXB." published every Saturday morning. T" " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, pnbliehed every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. THE -RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. THE "WIDNES Exsurraii," published every Friday morning.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
-PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One charge sure insertion or the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINEIO.

Elomestir Anrbants, cu.

WANVID. good IaBNIMAL SurtvAx.r.—Apply Mrs BCCLE9, Aiooldane. Bryn. Wigan.

WANTED Good General SERVANT.—AppIy Mns TILOMAB AINDOW, Gore Douse, A.Rear, near bonthport.

ANTBD, Strong GIRL as GRNERAL.—Mrs. JONES, 15, Grosvenor-road, WI-alley Range, Manchester.

WANTED Git OERVA.Nr for the New Year— Apply to JOHN PIMBLEY, Magholi, near Liverpool.

)itiTANTISD General Sib/WANT, small ,arnily, good home personal Character, 43,Downice-bragnr, blanches ter

ANTBD respectable GIRL as General, good home, VT have Woman to Wash. —bles. MI.LLER, 10, 'Aster- street,C-on-M, Manchester.

yyrA.NTRD Young GIRL as GENRR&L, abont 18; no famly 58 per week.-10, GRoBY-ROAD, Chorlton- curn-Mardy. Manchester.

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT age about 30 good borne and Wages to Suitable Yer son.-32,5 ASHTON NEW-ROAD, Clayton, Manchester.

yoului LADY desires SITUATIOS as Lomphaiou ; cheerful disposition ; musical ; domesticated.—Apply W H, 352 HVNGERFORD-BOAD, Crewe, Cheibire.

1,17 ANTED. COOK-GENERAL, January Eud ; references; V email family ; good home ; housemaid and coachman kept; £l6. —Mrs. INFIELD, Boston Bank, Hyde, Manchester.

WANTBD COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, Nurses, Severs TV Generals. Some for Master and Mistress only.— BOTTOMLEIre RILGISTRY. Morley-street, Bradford. Yorkshire.

ANTIIID Smart Active YOUNG WOMAN, from the country as Cook-general; age abut 24. Mast have good references.—Apply first by letter 163, WIGAN-LANE, Wigan.

-VIXPERIENCED Male and Female NUNSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—apply NURSES Isamu- rioN, 70, riopc-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address' Nurses."

===== 0002601_19011227_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantell

'USHERS MAY BB HAD at the " hsumma " OFFICE, A..-/ WARRINGTON. 3d. per load given.

A GENTS Wanten.—Penny goods ; sample 3 dozen. Is 6d 11.. gross, ss. —NOVELTY C0.(3.T.), Brltlan-st.. Manchester.

AGENTS wanted everywhere to sell the ' Ideal ' Filter.— Write for sample, blsaraoms. 77, Cavendish-street, Sheffield.

BIM DRIPPING, WANTED any quantity,•state price and quantity per week.—HARGREAVES, 8. Booth-street. West Manchester.

WANTED HOUSEMAID with neat appearance; 16 to 18 for January ; good references. Write to Mrs 316 f MITE, Bright-street, South Shore, Blackpool. A.NTED-TO-RENT - Small COUNTRY CORN MILL VT (not flour) ; House attached ; water power preferred. —WIWDER. 10. Medlock-street. HolmeMeflehestet.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated IE4B. given ; alio Arctic. Red River. Firk ea, Atbara. Matabele, Mashona, Fenian Raid, de.—Major Tombs. Droltwich.

A GENTS WANTED, to sell Hardware. Jewellery, la. Furniture, Clothing, Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.--BERRID6E AND Co. (102) Birminsham.

22/6 WEEKLY.—A salary of 7s. to 225. 6d. offered to either sex (who can write) for their spare moments ; work may be done evenings. For particulars send addressed envelope to U. TalrSoorf AND Co.. 3a. Glen- dower. Torquay.

NVANTBD, Situation as GARDENER (Head); 22 ysars' experience, gained in good establishments in England and Ireland ; 10 years in last situation as general foreman; well-recommended.—J WILLIA3SSON, Iffewsbury- road, Market Drayton.

SANITARY INSPECTOR:HIPS, salaries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Les.ons now commencing for Liverpool and other examinations; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dstes ; ladies eligible.—Apply ROBERT Musnears, Sanitary Science Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper. 'ANT"

W_ 2BD, COW HAIR on or oft the dock. wet or dry; best crice in the trade given ; no overweight required ; honest cash settlement for tons or cwto. ; con- tracts made ; bankers reference where required.— J. GAM- Wilr, Tallow Manufacturer and Wholesale Hair and Skin Merchant, St. Helens.

'THE COMING BOOM IN SOUTH AFRICA.—WANTED 1. SEVERAL PARTIES to join PARENT SYNDICATE now being formed, to take over options on large Blocks of Shares in sound South African Mines, and Valuable options on Gold and Land Properties in the Transvaal. which have been secured upon most exceptional terms during the period of the war, and to form subsidiary c)mpanies to deal with the same.—Address MINING at HornmEtle's,;6l, Cheapside, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
llorOtcs, tEarrtagrO &r.

A LIGHT TRAP HORSE. useful for any kind of work, 141 /14- hands.—Apply JAMES DuNN, 41, Castle Hilt, klbadley. W igan.

SOBIR GOOD SECOND-HAND CART GEARS (Liverpool Corporation) at LEA'S SADDLERY Likwal. 9. Harybone. Li'

_ iverpool.

4.1.. MIND useful COB for BALlL—Pramsuca, Market-street, /...7 llindley. Wigan.

QMART BUSINESS TURNOUT FOE SALB.—Chestnut Mare. 15 hands ; trap almost new. and braae-mounted harness, £26.—MAPP, Buteber, 62, Fylde-road, Preston.

KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MNCdEEit t; Telegrams, " Kenm 11." Telephone, 1,746.

BUSINESS HOURS. 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2)

LETTER 1 HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS J ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS

WILL BE ATTENDED TO AT SA, ST. JOHN-STREET, DBANSDATE.

KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER

WHICH IS THE ;BEST,; CYCLE? WHY THE RALEIGH

FRONI

OFSOURSE W. H. BELLIAN, MAKER OF THE ROYAL ,CAMBRIAN. 115 SANKEY-STPCEET,

JOHN ENISON AND SON, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOHN HMSO has beßn over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher.

PRIVATE ADDRERS :-19. THYNNE-SIR BET.

Itotels, Vparos, Moarbing 05tabcc.

Etuc ef..totk

Obarte.

&mks, Zuointscgeo. at.

''O BE SOLD STOOK and FIXTURES of a YORK SHOP ; 1. best situation in Runcorn; doing steads, trade ; reason- able price taken.—Apply J KAY, Runcorn.

ON saLB, oldest established BLACKSMITH'S SHOP in Oldham,. doing ;mit trade in town; good reasons for CHADDERTON-ROAD, Oldham.

eaucation.

Eot tt.

BLACKPOOL B.S.—At low valuation, Good COMPANY HOUI near sea and trams; present occupier retiring —9. TRAFALGAR-ROAD.

rip() LliT. STABLII and COACHWOUSh. With lofts over I large yard attached cif lannersane.—Aprgy WoODS scug tiolicitors, 65, llorsermarketstreet. Warrington.

itionep.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY , nom £lO upwards—And payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The andersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDIDL HIS OWN NAME. He has Consistently endeavoured to ant in a fair and straightforward manner, and has retelved MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND TIIAN KS from those who have dealt with him.

For evidence, see pamphlets. which, with Prospectus. terms or Adv.uceg, Or'ituy Information desired, will be supplied Free ot Uharge on Application either personally or ty letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OH To THE H}44D UnacE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHE srEK.

gvales b ibate Ertatp

PATCHWORK-300 Lovely Silks, P.O Is 6d.—SETTLE, 34 West Green-road, Tottenham, London.

30a20a23, fireproof. cost £9; accept £3 15s cash. KJ LEVY'S DAFE CO., 05 Frederlck-fitreet, Sunderland.

LIAULKNHES are LARGH CASH BUYERS of Hay and 12 Cloyer.—Apply, FAULXNERS, Merchants, Peedlebury, Manchester.

ULBSI BULBS! at sale micas. Crocus. Snowdrop', 9d; Tullpa,Narclea, la 3d; Hyacinths 48 100 tree.—RlalsuN, FR H S. West Bromwich.

MAINIVd GREISfi FBAS (in p t ackes) are Just itice peas fresh picked from the garden. send postcard for oar- ticalarc —MAINE SG Co., Portsmouth

rllO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, two Freehold I_ Shops with workshops. No 15 and 17 Mill-street and King-street, Warrington.—Apply Messrs DAVIES and Foßewww. 42. Sankey-street, Warrington.

Tl. ADY will sell 12 yards beautiful Black ails, 25g. IA 10 Cambridge-road, London, H.

°sin] c ma and owszedisierz t3O i w CHRISTMASAEO A free, 137 C Ahtt°erLellemt,u'

A CETYLIMII Generators produce cheap and brilliant light for country establiehments.—For particulate apply ACETYLENT SYNDICATE, TrOVitlidge.

IP lt EN-ai TREATMENT OF CONSUMPTION..—Itudg- V wick Sanatorium. Sussex. Pure. bracing air; good, result& guineas weekly.—Apply itESIDF,NTIL PHYSICIAN.

PONOGRAPH (uew), 14s 6cl ; 6 records, second:h , 5s 6d ; 6 new records, 95 ; ell carriage paid ; agents wanted, liberal terms.—PHONOXCItaNGE, 18, Cheapside, Bantam.

AGEINTS Wanted, to sell Hardware, Jewellery. leurrAture, Clothing, goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue tree.—BERRIDOE & Co., 99 Birmingham.

VALUABLE VIOLIN.—Must sell ; lovely old model property late sole Violinist : magnificent rieu solo tone. labeiled Stradivarius Cremona, 1690, perfect preserva- tion ; splendid Dud model bow ; superior lock-up ease, worth £7; c4sh needed, sacrifice, 17s 6d; being genuine, approval before payment. —Mrs. TYLEA, 8 Beach!' Place, Exbridge.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011227_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
lite 4

µ.JEt.-IA4-1

===== 0002601_19011227_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THt4; EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 27 1901

===== 0002601_19011227_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDOW WRLDH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINT MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained far It a most extensive and Increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION —To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithey', who is the only person in possess.on of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the ()Weide I %be' by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Cole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON lb?. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's. London, are engraved on the tiovernment Stamp. Sold in Boxes at 25.9 d. each by most Chemists.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE INFIRMARY

IS THE SHOP TO TAX R YOUR "BIKE" FOR REPAIRS No 30 TOO a MALL OR Too DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS.

TYRES RE-T2E-RRR-Ri-SU--AiD RELINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED.

Cycles built to order f roux Perry's lislte. , • and hater Lee fittings, Agent for PalmerTyres.

NOTE ADDRESS,

D. H. 61:UEST, CYCLE INFIR ARY ,

MERSEY STREET, WARRINGrON,

20TH CENTURY. GRAND DISPLAY OF THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS

AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS, AT " YE SIGN OF YE GLOVE," KEPT EY YE, FAMOUS GLOVERS, MILLINERS, AND FANCY DRAPERS

===== 0002601_19011227_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY, 25 AND 25A, CHURCH S'2REEr

(OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL),

LIVERPOOL.

USEFUL PRESENTS

POPULAR PRICES. GLOVES. Fon LADIES, GENTLEMEN, AND CHILDREN.

LADIES' SEAMLESS RID SUEDE GLOVES, A Speciality at 3s 11,14 per Pair. THE LARGEST AND MOST COMPLETE STOCK OF GLOVES IN LIVERPoOL.

EXCLUSIVE NOVELTIES TO EE HAD ONLY AT 'YE SIGN ON YE GLOVE,"

===== 0002601_19011227_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOVES FOR PIIaSNIPTS WILL BE EXCHANORD

IF NOT APPROVED.

FOR EVENING WEAR, Ladies' SUEDE GLOVES, is C:d to 4. 113 per Pair. Ladies' KID GLOVES, 2s 41 to 6s lid per Pair. Ladies SILK GLOVES, Is 01 to 3s 111 d per Pair, Ladies' SILK LACE MIT VS, Is 0:c1 to 3s 11t per Pair. Children's SILK GLOVES and MITTS. Is Old to is DOLLS' SUEDE GLOVES, 6id PER PAIR. FOR LADIES. GSNTLEMEN, AND CHILDREN.

KID GLOVES, WOOL LINED, FUR TOPS, is lld to 101 KID GLOVES. LINED SILK, la 111 d to 4s lid. WINTER FABRIC GLOVES, 60 to is ilk& SCOTCH AND ENGLISH HAND-Kollrl'ED GLOVES. LEATHER GLOVES FOR CYCLING AND DRIVING.

LADIES AND CHILDREN'S HOSIERY.

LADIES' EVENING HOSE, With Lace Ankles, in Cotton, Lisle Thread,;Spun or Pure Silk.

LADIES' casratitiii,-(31 1.:I;LE THREAD HOSE, Embroidered Fronts, Effactive Designs, Is Oid, Is 3d, is 61d, Is llid, 2s lid and 3s lid. CHILDREN'S EVENING HOSIERY, Lace Fronts, in Thread or Plated Span, Is Cad, is 3id, Is 61d, and is lit per Pair. SPECIAL PURCHASE OF LAMES' PURE SILK NOSH, Black and Piney Shades, 6s lid to 15s lid; worth 105 lid to 254 pair. FANCY JEWELLERY, LEATHER GOODS, PERFUMERY &c.,

FOR DAINTY INEXPENSIVE PRESENTS. FINE ROLLED GOLD BRACELETS. RINGS, CHARMS, MUFF CHAINS. NECKLETS, AND EYRGLASE CHAINS. LATEST DESIGNS.

Ladies' VENETIAN, and ORIENTAL BEADED CHAINS. Ladies' PEARL ROPES and NECKLETS. Ladies' MUFF CHAINS, in Jet, Steel, Cord, Ribbon, and Gilt. Ladies' BROOCHES. in Paste, Silver, Rolled Gold, Pearl, Enamel and Jet. Ladies' MILTS in Satin, Velvet and other Materials. Ladies' CHATELAINE BAGS in Leather, Suede, Satin Jet, Steel or Gilt, Ladies' LEATHER and other PURSES, in great variety. Ladies' SACHETS, Hand-wainted and Embroidered. Ladies' GAUZE, FEATHER. SEQUIN and HAND- PAINTED FANS. Ladies' COMPANIONS, COMBS, GARTERS, BUCKLES. &c. GEOSSMITH'S and BAYLEY & CO.'S PERFUMES.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FURS.

FURS are recognised as good XMAS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. We are noted for SMART, RELIABLE FURS, at POPULAR PRICES. ASTRACHAN lINCKLETS, from ls oid to 5s 11d. GREBE NECKLETS, from 2s llfd to 6s 11d. MARMOT SABLE NECKLE rs. from Is 1113 to 255. THIBET NECKLETS, from 2s llfd to 30s. REAL BEAR & SKUNK NEOKLETS, Se lid to 59. 6d. REAL PERSIAN LAMB NECKLETS, 91 lid to 27. 6d. ASTRACHAN MUFFS. is 110 and 2s GREBE MUFFS, 81 lld and las 11d. REAL MARMOT SABLE MUFFS, 3. 110 to 211. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF BETTER FUR NECKLETS AND MUFFS In Chinchilla, Mink, Real Sable, Fox, Fitch, Real Beaver, Bear, and other Skins, at Special Prices. CHILDREN'S FUR SETS from 2s llfd each. UMBRELLAS. FOR LADIES, GENTLEMEN, AND CItILDREN. LATEST NOVNLTIES to Suit every Purse.

LADIBS UMBRIILLAS, special prices, Is 110, 2s 111 d, 35 111 d, 4s 11d, 6s 11d, Si 11d, lie 11d, 14s 11d, 214 bd. and 25s 6d. 449N1'S UMBRIILLAS, 4s lid, 68 11d, Ga 11d, lOs 11d, 165 lid. las 11d, 21s 6d, to 555. CHILDBRN'S UtdliftbLLAS, is llfd, 2s lid, Ss 11d, and 4s 11d.

GROUND FLOOR SHOWROOM. The ONLY SHOW/100Ni on the GROUND FLOOR to CHURCH-STREET Reserved for LADI kb' and CHIL- DREN'S UNDRROLOTHING, CORSETS, SHIRTS, BLOUSES, DRRSSING bOWNS and JACKETS, WRAPS, APRONS, BABY LINEN, Ac. PRETTY AND USEFUL PRESENTS.

LADIES, EVENING and DINNER BLOUSES, all the Latest Novelties at Prices that absolutely defy com- petition. LADIES' SILK SHIRTS, two special Lots, at 4s lid and 6s lid.

FLANNEL AND FLANNELETTE SHIRTS Ladles' Real PYRENEES DRESSING JACKETS, in dainty colourings, from 2s Hid to 9a 114. Ladles, Real PYRENEES DRESSING- GOWNS, 18s Ild to 425. A Very SPECIAL LOT of CASHMERE TEA GOWNS. lined throughout, and elaborately trimmed lace and ribbon, 211. BETTER QUALITY, In Cashmere and Japanese Silks, 25s to 455. 415 Cashmere or Silk TEA JACKETS from 105 lid to 30s. Silk and Satin SKIRTa, lined or unlined. 88 lid to 63e. Striped Silk MOIRETTE SKIRTS,A special lot 9s lid each Black and Coloured MOREEN SKIRTS, 2s llid to 104 11d. WHITE LACE SKIRTS for Evening Wear, 2s 111 d to 21s, Ladies' SILK and SATIN APRONS, choice designs, 2s 110 to 3e 11d. Ladies FANCY APRONS, is Qd to 35 111 d

_ WOOL FASCINATORS AND WRAPS. SERVANTS' CAPS AND APRONS.

•,JANTS' PELISSES AND WALKING COATS. A tiPLENDIDI LOT OP TRAVELLERS' SAMPLES, just secured, and marked Considerably Below Cost, at prices ranging from 31 lid to 355. A Manufactisrer's Stock of PINAFORES in Silk, Muslin, and Lace, bought at a discount of 50 per cent off will be offered at from sitd to os lid &tell ; wonderful value. A Charming Variety of OHILDIIBN'S FROCKS in Cashmere and Serge, Is Hid to 10s lid. SILK SMOCKS for fivening Wear, from 6s 113 to 355. MADE-UP LACE AND ILK GOODS.

"Anything in the way of lace alway:s makes a very acceptable preseut." LINEN AND LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS LADIHS", OHILDIIIIN'S AND GENTLEMEN'S Ladies' Hemstitched Lawn tiandkercniets,Ti size.ls Cll, is 6.1 d, and 16 Had the Hnif-dozen. Ladies' Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, pure linen. size. Is llid, 2s 60, 23 110, 3s llid, 4s lid, 61111 u, and 6s Ild the Half-dozen. Ladles' Initial Handkerchiefs, every letter In stock ; In Irish lawn le 60 and 2131 d the Halt-dozen ; in pure linen, 2s 11}d the Half-dozen. Ladles' Fancy Embroidered Handkerchiefs, with end without lace edges, Is 60, is llfd, 2s 3d, and 2s 6id the Half-dozen. Children's Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, with coloured borders, 62d, 91d. Is CI I, and Is 60 the Hali'dozen. Gentlemen's Machine Hemmed Handkerchiefs, in lawn, size. is Q.l. Is tad, is I lad, 2s 60 the Half-dozen. Gentlemen's eure Linen, size, 24 bid, 2s llid, 3s 6fd, 3s Hid, 4e 6d the Hali-nozen. Gent's Hemstitched Pure Linen Handkerchiefs, a site, 34 llad, 4s lid, aud 5s lid the Halt-dozen. Dent's Do., size, 4s lid, 54111 d, 68.11 d, and 7s lid the Half-dozen.

HENRY MILES' ADVERTISEMENT CONTINUED.

HANDKERCHIEFS IN BOXES AND BASKETS. Handkerchiefs. in Fancy boxes and Baskets, with or without coloured borders,la bid, Is 3id, 1s 6id and Is llid the box of Half-dozen. Fancy Boxes and Baskets, with pure LINEN HAND- KERCHIEFS, Half-dozen in each. 25 61d, 2s Is Ili& 45 6d, 45 11d, 65 lid and 611 Ild each. REAL MALTESE LACE kIA.NDKIIRCHIEFS, Is Oid to 10, 9€l each.

BILK HANDKERCHIEFS AND SQUARES. JAPANESE HIS HSTITCH ED SILK HANDKER- CHIEFS, with Initials, Is 00, is 60, is ii.d, and 2a Sid each. -

JAPARB3II IMITATION SILK HANDKERCHIEFS. with Initials, tild each. Ladies OOLOURnD SILK SQUARRS. In sky, pink,goll and hello, 6d, Is C.ll, Is 60, Is Ilid and 2s 61d each. GRNTLSMUIN'S SILK MUNFLEUn, is 61 tu 6s 11c1 each.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUFFLES AND CHIFFONS.

NEW SILK RUFFLES, trimmed fur 6s lid to lss lid. The LATEST RUFFLUS, in great variety, from is I lad. each. Net and Lace FICHUS, trimmed cream, white and butter Is lid to 53 lid each. White Chiffon FICHUS, trimmed lace, 3s 60 to cis lid each. White Chiffon FICHUS, trimmed Val lace and black velvet, 5s lid and 6s lid. COLLAR BANDS, in a great variety of styles. from Is

LACE BOLEROS, CHEMISETTES, AND SLEEVES. LACE BOLEROS. from 3s lid to 12s Ild each. CHIFFON SLEEVES, all colours, 5s lld pair. Lees SLEEVES, 2. Hid to 10s 9d per pair. BLACK SEQUIN SLEEVES, Ss lid to 10s 9d. BLACK NET and LACE SLEEVES, 3s lid to 83 lid, LACE CHEMISETTEe, Is 111 d each. The NEW LACE SLEEVES, la 11(1 to 10s lid pair. The FASHIONABLE CHEIIISEITSS and SLEEVES, 6. lid the set. SILK FRONTS. la 1110, 2s 610 and 23 lllcl each. SATIN and SILK WAISTCOATS,Is 114 d to 8. Ild each.

LADIES' SCARFS, TIES, BOWS, &c. :" JUST WHAT THR GIRLS WANT."

s

Ladies' WASHING SILK TIES, 58 inches long, hem- stitched borders, Is Gi'd each. Ladies' NEW STOCK TIES, various colours, Is C 7,3., Is eid, Is llfd Ladies' NEW STOCK TIES, Paisley designs, is Is 111 d, 2s llfd. Extra-long Glare SILK TIES, various shades, Is llfd. New SATIN STRIPED TIES, 4s 61d. White Washing SILK TIES, hemstitched, frilled ends, is Ilfd. White Washing SILK TIES, hemstitched, lace insertion 2s 61cl. White Washing SILK TIES, hemstitched, lace applique, is lid, 2s 6fd. Is 'lid. Cream and White Lace SCARFS, 60, to 4i CHIFFON SCARFS, Is llfd, 23 llf, 38 111 d, Black LACE SCARFS, is I Ild to 6s lid. CHIFFON and LACE BOWS, newest shades, 6;d to 4s lid. Ladies' Windsor SILK TIES, is fl I, Is 60. New Cream LACE NECKBANDS, with black and white velvet, is Oid, is 3fd, Is 64d. Ladles' and Cnildren's SILK SASHES, from is 64d. LACE COLLARS AND SCARFS. SPECIAL PURCHASES.

LACE COLLARS, white and cream, Is cia to 5s lid each. Imitation Irish CROCHET COLLARS, in white and Paris, 4s Hid each. The Latest bEQUIN COLLARS, on net or canvas, square and round, Is llid to 9s 113, Real BOHEMIAN LACE COLLARS, lOs 9ci to 295 63. Hand-made Braid LACE COLLARS Is 6.1 d, 15 11;10, 2s 114-d. New Round L 4CE COLLARS for Coats In white and Perla, Is 6frd ta 8s lid. The New ARAB POINT LACE COLLARS, 2s 61.1 to 15s 11d. APPLIQUE COLLARS, square back, long pointed fronts. is 0:i each. Real MALTEbE LACE COLLARS and SCARFS.

THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY, " THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE,"

2,7.) AND 25 A, CHURCH-STREET, (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL), • LIVERPOOL.

TELTIPLIONN No, 7385.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER A VALUER Office and balerooms No. 1, BANK-SINE:lea WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, NO. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON 1300 Di DEPoBITED FOR SALE. New and iif cond-band Prirniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Purnitute. warehoused.

A. 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MAD B SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED OASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat In the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNI: OF ROUGH virtati. A. WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Rona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with est:l2 watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZ 63 with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND CO., wetchmaker, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.E. Sent post free to .I 1 parts of the United Kingdom. In receipt of P. 0.0.

TO EFFECT GREAT SAVING FURNISH AT 131TT6'6, LONDON - ROAD, MANcfIaTER (Just past Station. through Railway Arch) ; ALSO Al PITTS'S, PANTREON, GAy THGRN (Just past Blanchester Central Station). PATRONISED bY ROYALTY. NOBILITY ETC.

PPPEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15/, 221, 28/, 38i. 50, 75, 100. 203, up to 1.000 guineas, have been pronounced by practictl people the PINNACLE Ole PERFECTION. Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, their beauty and value are apparent tø casual inspection, which closer examination sud wear only confirm. Full particulars and NaW ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING GUIDR, containing 700 designs, priced. 50 per cent below elsewhere, post tree. Cash prices ()Lily quotad- Deferred payments 10 per cent. extra.

PUCTS'S DISPLAY OF BARGAINS is certainly unequalled In the provinces. The following are a fait sample, all in really excellent condition : HALL FURNITUBB, consists of Mahogany Hatstand. two Chairs, Side Table, Linoleum, two Wool Rues, three -• Cocoa ilists, Stair and Lobby Carpets ; lot cost £24i for £ll. ' DiNING-11,00M.—Grand Suite, American Walnut, 9pieces, upholstered in first-class manner, an covered with real morocco leather, cost £47. foe £22, Dining 3 able to \ match, massive and bold , cost £7 161.. for £3 lus Magnifi- cent Sideboard, really worth £5O. for £2l, Table for window' recess ; cost £5, for I£2 10s. Overmaiatel, cost £6. for R-3. Real five-frame Brussels Carpet. cost £9, for £4. Real Skill - Rug for 21s. Bronze Timepiece and Figures. £4 4s ; cost.; double. Brags Fenders, Fire Brasses, Fire Dogs ; cost £5.. for £2 Si. Two Vases, 355. Coal Vase, 13a. 6d.

DRAWING-1700M —Exquisite Suite, Chipyendale, nine pieces, covered iu rich tapestry, cost End tor £2O, Xnlaid tlable to match, cost £lO, for Ea. Musts Cabiaet.£2. Card Table, EL is. Overmantel, cost £7, tor £3 as, Velvet File' Carpet, £3 ifs ; cost double. skin slugs, 145 cud 85. Brass Fender and Fire Brasses, cost £5, tor £2 is. Tiled Hearth. fitted complete. fIORNIcI4-11003.1 In real saddle-bags, mounted with rich Utrecht velvet, ocmprises luxurious Couch, easy Chairs. and' Set of Smelt Chairs, Extending Tnbie, Chiffonier, over - mantel, Carpet, Fender, Brasses, complete ; cost £55. for £23.

r BBDROOMS.--,plendid Suite in American Walnut. large Wardrobe bevelled plate•glass, exceptional conveni- ences ; largo Dressing gable, with bevelled plate ; Wash- stand, with marble top ; Pedestal, and tour Chi.s ; Cost £75, tor £35. Massive All-brass Bedstead, with spring mattress, new bed, bolster, and pillows ; cost £l6, for Ks. Toilet Service, 15s 6d. carpet, Bearthrug, aUCI ienoC cost £5, for 555. TRHBB OTHER BEDROOMS similarly famished in Clhippenstala, Mahogany, Satin Walnut and Decorated ; KITCHEN FLJRNIXUKIL complete,

PITTS'S POPULAR :PlANOS.—Magnificent Difi" play or NNW INSTRUMBNIS by best makers 10.11/ guaranteed at CONSIDISKABLY UNDER uSULL' YILIUES. Alio SEUORD-HaND PIANIDa in good ceudlti°ll Clearance imperative ; no reaionable f.ffer refused.

131TTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BED DIN Gr.—Largest 1 and best arlectione, being elearal out at giving 'WI prieee. hare (lance for cheap num 110 not =Luis tnent rue atter.

111DITTS'S CARPS AND FLOOR COVERERS. —Urand display. All Britiah makes, choice de- algae, ninny a which exclusive, exquisitely bioned colourings. Laid and Fitted Vree ot Charge,.

PPIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES MAIL CAlaa, Lamps, China, Glass, B.rchenware lableißllliaros, Bagatelle. Magniteent selectiou. Astoutut ing

QAMUEL PITT S, MANCHESTER LONDON4IOAD (Ardwick, and L(tagbight thus). GAYl:flUith (ail Uny-road Cars pass door). lirtablislied 1845. National Teiep...ouo 1124.

, •••'...? —.al" • ' • - .

EAD] T 1 FAD. 51 EAD.

EAD EAD EAD tl EAD

E"

E' I. 9d. Proprit

DR tin] t covere riH] 11..) CIE croup,

cH CL! Cu'

We practil Woe a' Lion Ii a feel! rmed all oi effect'

that I Mann and ti DIM] CA

—Cat Dr. J. 3,BEE say b Sol

C I

Ct 19

~

:ME'

AND- Ilid. rid to

from

tnct

wds bed.

ritn 'BR Ily rx Ca vlll na- sab Gal

MI.

ZE coo ;he .nd Iy te

)er sd- ily tit

d. •et, LI.

tb \ )sf 5. In

it lc io ,r A II G

1..

EADE S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. " Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Toven.E. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. " Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 53, New Lloyd-street. Kirkstall-road, Leeds. E'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to hsalth."— IL Kelly, 58, Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days."—E J Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS • CURB LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeds. VADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. "1 recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat tbem."—Stepben Webb, 35, Parkside-street, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philip Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. E ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got relief."—A. T. Page, 28, Abbey-street, areenhays, Manchester. F ADE'S GOUT PILLS. TDB SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxford-street, Coalville East. Leicestershire. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURB. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- woo Vs-heath, Sussex. EADE'S GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; if that is so yours are worth a guinea a piti."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocicsbridge, Deepcar. -FADE'S GOU r and RHEUMATIC PILLS 124 Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles. Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or sent poet free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232. Goswell-road, London.

7 Lo i

DR. J. COLLIS BROW NE'S CHLORODYNB. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. rfiLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to V be the most wonderful:And valuable remedy ever die covered. OHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for 1L../ Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CLILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases-,Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and is the only specific in Choteraand Dysentery. CIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. CIILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, Ltc. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horncastie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other ramedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNR."—See Lancet. let December. 1864. CAVIION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. Catrriox.—Vice-Chancellor Str W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was. anioubtedly, the inventor ti CHLORODYNR " dna that the story of the defendant NREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See ;fines, 13th july, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 44., Es. 9d., and 4s. 64. None is enuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm inc Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

rOME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, kJ 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD. and 83. PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public "tie to," and these ^ou always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to salve you faithfully—to please you always— these ate our ambitions, THERE'S ONLY ONE PIANO-SMITH IN MANCHESTER. Send to SMITrt for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU, PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS be. 01. TILL PAID FOR. 1 Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange. YOUR HONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFA.OTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 2) years, sua:l Sly goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied; and it ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. 3.EITFI. 34. 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS Yunsits SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH : 35, Railway-road, , ST. HELENS 99, Corporation-street.

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HO RSEM AR K ET-STREET, WARRINGTON. TEL: OLD ESTABLISHED PROVIDER FOR SANTA CLAUS CORDIALLT INVITE THE PUBLIC TO COME AND INSPECT THEIR GRAND DISPLAY OF CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. FOR OLD AND YOUNG. TOYS IN ENDLESS VARIETY. DOLLS ALL AGES SIZES. AND PRICES. SLEEPING DOLLS. P4LKING DOLLS, DOLLS DRESSED AND UNDRESSED AT PRICES TO SUIT EvERTRODY. IRONSIONGERY DEPAETRENT SPLENDID SToCIC oF CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, &C. CNUETS AND ALT KINDS OF ELECTRO PLATE AT VERY LOWEST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SK ELTON'S LIMITED, HOE S Pni ARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

I

IT OF WINNING NUMB RS FOR THE DRAWING- OF PRIZES for the SACRRD HEART CHURCH, WARRINGTON :-151. 1747, 1377, 598, 662 214, 568. 5?9 2183, 1653, 1346, 1173. 1243. 1361. 1453. 135') 494. 802. 574. 1830, 716. 30, 672. 2066. 1763, 1392. 123,1517, 1977, 1754. 1404, 950, 615. 1767, 2153, 363, 1208, 633.

PARR HALL WARRINGTON. CEIRIST3IAS HOLIDAYS, r.RTuRN VISIT AFTER AN ABSENCE OF TWO YEARS OF JOSHUA DYSON'S DIORAMAS,

AND GIP3Y CHOIR. THS; ORIGINAL AND PREMIER PICTORIAL AND MUSICAL ENTECRTAINMENTt, TRAVELLING RSTABLISHED 1885. oprarnisra CHRISTMAS EVE, DECEMBER 21Tst, 193 EIGHT DAYS ONLY, UPWARDS OF 101 MAGNIFICENT PICTURES NIGHTLY, 103,

PROGRAMME : . CIIRIiTMAS EVIL DEOII ABER 24n1, PICTURESQUE WALES. CHRISTMAS DAY. DEAR OLD ENGLAND, SPECIAL MUSICAL PROGRAMME INCLUDING SACRED SELECTIONS. BOXING. DAY, DECEMBER 26m—SOUTII AFRICA FRIDAY :—PARIS EXHIBITION, SATURDAY AT 3 THII BOER WAR, SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8 THE BOER WAR. ON SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29Ta, TWO SACRED SONG SERVICES, FOR PROGRAMME IND PARTICULARS SEE HANDBILLS, MONDAY DECEMB.4R 302 a, AUSTRALIA. 'TUESDAY DECEMBER MD', LAST ENTERTAINMENT AMERICA, IN THE 00-OPERALIVE HALL, SANKEY-STREET, 20 TALENTED ARTISTES 20. NEW SONG 3 ; NEW SKETCHES ; NEW PICTURES. ANIMATED PHOTOGRAPHS. . EVERY EVENING AT 8. .SATURDAY 3 AND 8, POPULAR PRICES. S. is. 6.1. AND 3d.

JONN VIVALKER AND CO., BiCIVSEY STREET, WARRINGTON YRISTM3 OF ALL DESCRINIONS WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

It appears, from the A Record Storm. meteorological reports, that the gale of the 12th just, which brought down the telegraph wires, cutting off a great part of North and West Britain from all rapid exchange of intelligence with other parts of the kingdom, and threatening to leave the world in ignorance of the great Chesterfied oration of Lord ROSEBERY, was a record storm in its way. It seems that it takes a rare combination of unto- ward weather to bring about such a disaster to telegraphic communication. Gales, and even hurri- canes, alone will not suffice ; the keen wires, if free from superincurnbrance, are proof even against fierce cyclones, of which four or five visit these islands annually. Even the record blizzard of ,the century, on January 18th, 1881, or the Tay Bridge storm of December 28th, 1879, f ailed to accomplish all-round destruction to telegraphic communication. The first essential factor was the snow, which must be of special quality and condition—not the light crisp, feathery article one sees on Christmas cards but not at Christmas ; sleety snow, in the melting mood, which, as so frequently happens, is decep- tive, for it no sooner touches the wire than it freezes and adheres, gathering in thickness and in weight as tho sleety hours pass. Should the operation cantinue long elough, and be accom- panied by a gradual fall of the surrounding tem- perature to freezing point, then the wires get into prime condition for the approaching storm,which is to sweep the puny works of inere man to destruction. They become the nucleus of long, pallid streaks of solid ice, horizontal icicles stretch- ing for miles and miles, reaching a thickness of as much as three inches, with an ornamentation of vertical pendants at intervals. In this condition, strained and overladen with the unusal weight of 11b. per foot, the gale finds them, and makes splendid havoc along nes which, once begun, is easily carried to amazing lengths, which are limited only by the absence of the conditions stated. In the gale of the 12th the unfavourable conditions pre- vailed across the Midlands, and thence northwards so that the consequent disaster was very general. Fur such mischief there is apparently no remedy so long as overhead wires are used. These are superior for short vibrations, and, therefore, for telephonic and quick telegraphic work, to wires laid underground, which are aff3cted by earth currents, no matter how well insulated. The remedy used in Germany is a duplicate set of wires underground,which are applicable both for strategi- cal purposes under Government and for taking the place of the overhead wires when these are broken or deranged by storm or other acccident. To adopt this method over the field of our Post Office operations would mean an enormous expense, which the Department are not likely to be willing to face for a considerable time to come. By the time they are in a position to do more than con- template it, perhaps the war will be over, and by that time possibly Signor IVIARCONI may have Isomething more to say upon the subject.

The Nemesis that The Telephone Charges. pursues slackness and extravagance, an d which generally overtakes its victims, is hard on the heels of the Government Tee Postmister - General has had no peace since he unwillingly gave to the public the agreement he has made with the National Telephone Campany. Not that the withholding of the documents would have made any difference, for L erd LONDONDERRY'S hand was forced, and the contents of the agree- ment were already known ta the pa olic through the:medium of the Press before the,autherised text appeared in print. His lordship has been so much the victim or the fellow-conspirator of the National Telephone Company against the public weal that the agreement has been produced as a completed instrument, signed, sealed, and effective which cannot be gone back upon and cannot be altered till 1905. But the public refuse to accept this view of the situation, and have gradually been gathering their forces with the intention of giving effect to this view. When the City of London unites with the County Council to con- elemn the action of a Government department, that dep irtrn ant and its chief are in a perilous position, and the Government itself is not safe. Not only is this so, but the conference which the LORD MAYOR of London welcomed to the Guild- hall consisted of two hundred and thirty-eight delegates who represented eighty-one local authorities, governing a superficial area of six hun.dred and thirty-four squ ire miles with a popu- lation of six millions,and a rateable value of nearly fifty millions. This unispe demonstration of all the interests had one further feature of importance. In a long and able debate, in which every form of argument was used to discredit the action of the Government in the matter of the teleptione nego- tiations, only a solitary voice was raised in pallia- tion of the Government position ; and the resolution which declared for a real, active competition, protested against the Past- master's scale of charges, and expressed regret that he did not consult the despised local authorities before practically giving himself away. That resolution was unanimously received and adopted. That is a demonstratioa of public opin- ion which the Government cannot well afford to disregard, and yet it places them in a very awk- ward corner. In 189rP Mr HANBURY told the House of Commons that the Government meant to" popularise the telephone system, and throw it open to the old country, to ricl, and poor alike:, These infrequent and spasmodic gushes of demo- cratic sentiment by Conservative Ministers are always suspicious, frequently ominous. The fol- lowing year found Mr. flaNeunv tossed on to the Board of Agriculture to tend the turnips and live stock of the nation, Having rid themselves of an inconvenient Minister, the Government seem to have thought they were free from the policy he had announced. Under their favourite method of government by departments, a little shuffling of the cards was all that was necessary to justify a change of attitude from competition to co-opera- tion, and from the democratisation of the tele- phone to something quite the reverse. It has been the Government's crowning effort in their pet hobby of endowing "private enterprise." It may seem strange that those who are so in love with the hobby when it takes the form of water or trams should so seriously object to it in 'phones. But the relation of mum, et hum, is still a power- ful factor in determining the attitude of the ordinary citizen; and when the City man finds, as one of them said at the Guildhall, that an article like the 'phone, which not only affects his business, but enters into the comforts of his daily lie, is deliberately kept up in, price—ah ! then the case is different.

There will be general concurrence with the view expressed by the chairman at the meeting of schoolmasters at Cambridge University, that there is great danger of the question of secondary education slipping into the vortex of party politics. There could be nothing more undesir- able, and it would be well if the Government learnt wisdom before it is too late, and made up their minds to put forward the matter in an un- ' contentious form. It is desired on all sides that ' secondary education should be dealt with; the subject is very much in arrear, and there is no further time to be lost. Why, then, should it be encumbered with the large questions of national education, the suppressing or superseding of the school building, and., the future of primary edu- cation ? It is certain that this wide field of opera- tions cannot be covered satisfactorily in one measure. It is well that members on both sides of the House of Commons should be requested to deal with secondary education as a purely non- party question, which it essentially is; but how can they honestly give such a pledge, if the whole of the principles underlying our national system of education are to be plucked up by the roots, and others substituted therefor ? It is evident that the first duty lies with the Government, who ought to bring in a Bill dealing with secondary ' education alone. This is all they have any chance of passing, and to attempt more will only lead to the whole legislation on the subject being post- poned for another year.

The trade-union workmen, who have been twitted in the Press for their unreasonable opposi- tion to new machinery and labour-saving contriv- ances, will now be able to retort that this phase of unreason is no confined to their class, but is shared by the bloated capitalist. No sooner has word come that wireless telegraphy has been tested, and found to answer for transmission of at least one letter across the Atlantic, than the ominous intelligence comes to hand that the experiments of the inveLtor have been interdicted by the Anglo-American Cable Company. who con- sider that Mr. Marconi is poaching on their pre- serves. The company, it seems, have a monopoly of tho telegraph service, under an agreement which terminates in 1904 ; but notwithstanding the near approach of that—perhaps in consequence of it— they object to allow the operations to proceed at St. 'John's. It is true that the operations are only in the experimental stage, and that the results are as important to the science of the world as to the interests of a particular syndicate; but the corn- pany will have none of it. Dog-in-the-manger like, they will not allow Marconi to go on alone, nor do they oiler to join him in the enterprise. The ground:is theirs and they warn him off. For- tunately Mr. Marconi is a sensible man as well as a skilful inventor. He will not seek to dispute the company's claim—which might be disputed. He will carry off his instruments elsewhere, prob- ably to Nova Scotia, where the experiments will be continued. In 1904 probably the Anglo• American Company will find in him a powerful competitor for the conveyance of transatlantic telegrams. We make progress fast in these days.

There are few savings banks in the country which have made such steady and continuous pro- gress as the Warrington Savings Bank. Founded so long ago as 1818, the bank has had an un- interrupted career of success and at the present moment the number of depositors reaches the satisfactory total of 12,894 with 25,228 transac- tions during the past year. Such a large number of depositors—exceeding one- fifth of the entire population of Warrington— hears ample testimony of the thriftiness of the, poople in this district. A feature of the past year's business has been the large amount of Govern- ment stock bought for depositors amounting in the aggregate to £3,736, which is the largest amount of stock bought in any single year since the bank was established. In addition, there are a number of depositors who have invested their savings in Warrington Corporation securities. Of the stability of the bank there can be no question. The amount due to depositots is £352,323 6s 3d, and the whole of this amount is covered by actual deposits with the National Debt Commissioners. In addition, the bank has a substantial sum in the hands of the treasurer as well as a valuable asset in the value of the bank premises which are freehold.

UHF EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 271901.

CRAWFORD'S ‘4' ALEXADRA " JUST

141.41, .111 N. • SH art

===== 0002601_19011227_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CURB A COLD IN ONR DAY,

Take La;aily-e-iroroo -Quinine Teblets. All Druggists refund the money it it fails to cure. ls. lid. The genuine is stamped L.B.Q.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT. A Provincial Letter.

The great festival is past. From the joys of Christmas we shall in three more days have turned to the welcoming in of the New Year. The ring- ing of church bells will once more be heard in the provinces, varied by the music of bands playing the time-honoured tune of Auld Lang Syne ; and the birth of the year 1902 will be duly heraldel as were all its predecessors for a period as far back as any of us can recall. And assuredly the pleasing sentiment, and the bright hopes that are signified I by the church bells, and Oa endeared scotch song, I are both natural and appropriate. It is well at the present moment to reit,ember, too, that one basis of the feeling of goodwill at Christmas-tide is the sense of duty discharged, not grudgingly but with the glee that arises from a warm heart. Our newspaper columns to-day show, as they have so often done before, that if the well-to-do have feasted, so also have the poor. It can be said for the rest of mankind that at this season the very poor among us are never forgotten. Not only the more or less public institutions, but many pri- vate instrumentalities are brought into operation for the help and solace of the suffering and the un- fortunate. The latter means are nose the less effective and useful for being silent and unobtru- sive, but in many instances are for these reasons all the more acceptable and opportune. They wear at Christmas the steady glow of specially active sympathy with those who share little or not at all in this world's gear. It is, indeed, through these private and unpretentious agencies that we get B fuller glimpse than at any other time of what the " open hand," whether the right or left, does in the shape of the twice blessed gift of real charity. Yet it is but a portion, and perhaps a comparatively small one, of that which is done at this period of the year through the many cb.hannels to which all classes contribute, and so help to realise the poet's ideal of the whale' brothsrhood of man,"

New Year's Day generally brings with it certain new laws, or amendments of existing laws, and ' on Wednesday next the Factory and Workshops Act of the present year, and likewise the Youthful Offenders' Act, will come into operation. Tus former is of considerable importance to all persons in the country coacerned in manufactures, work- shops, and business enterprises in which numbers of persons are employed. It is also of interest to members of the various municipal councils. One of the changes in the law to be observed by Dis- trict Councils is, that if they fail in their duties the Home Office may cause an inspection to be made as being authorised to enforce the provitions of the Act, District Councils may make bye-laws to provide means of escape from tire, and generally regarded, there is in the Act an attempt to prevent accidents by measures of prec iution, instead of by merely punishing offenders when such accidents occur. An important alteration is the raising of the age of protection for children to twelve years, but probably the most drastic Tchange is in the large powers given, with certain safeguards to the Home Secretary for the control of dangerous trades. In sections 79 and 80 the powers of the Home Office to make regulations are enormously increased, SO much so. indeed, that the Secretary of State may practically declare what trades are dangerous or unhea thy,and henceforward very much will depend in fact upon the decisions of the department. The regulations give it the power to limit, prohibit, or to control the use of any particular material, or any process of business considered by it to be dan- gerous or unhealthy; and the Act renders liable any occupier of a facto-y, or his contractor, if he allows clothing to be made by outworkera where there is small-pox or scarlet fever, while section 100 gives the District Council power to prohibit homework where th ere is infectious disease.

I.ln regard to the Youthful Offenders' Act, it may be said that this is one of those useful pieces of legislation which have for their object the care of young persons in danger of becoming criminals, either by wrong-doing or the neglect of their parents and guardians, or by the operation of laws which unnecessarily send them to prison. It is a short Act, providing that any coart of summary jurisdiction, on remanding or committing a child or young person may. instead of committing him to prison, remand or commit him into the custody of any fit person named in the commitment who is willing to receive him—" due regard being had to the religious persuasion of the child"—to be so detained until thence delivered by due course of law. The Act was passed in August and local authorities in many parts dale provinc,.B are now registering names and addressesl of " fit persons" to he entrusted with the care of remanded or committed young people. It is agreeable to find chat some of the offences a conviction of which has hitherto been allowed to stamp a child as a felon are to do so no long-r.

Underground telegraphy is a subject which hasbeen brought: very prominently before the public, par- ticularly in the northern provinces,by recent!stcrms The Postmaster-General, having been memorial- ised in reference thereto, holds out as little hope of any effective measure being adopted by his depart- ment, as he did when waited upon by an influential delegation on the telephone charges question. But in this case Ltd L3ndonderry has a little more reason on his side. For it is generally remnised that there are financial and tec-mical difficulties in the way of burying the wires between important districts at the present juncture, and that people in the provinces have to content themselves as best they can with the Postmaster's assurance that the dPpartment will keep the suggested sch •me for , underground wires constantly before them, in order , that, where posible, such wires may be laid down, ' A public agitation in favour of a complete system of underground wires would a year or two ago have been carried on with vigour and earnestness; but within the past few weeks events have happened ' that may give Pause to the more enthusiastic advo- cates of the disestablishment of overhead wire. The Post Office authorities are probably not blind , to the possibilities that have been opened up by the latest triumph of the Marconi system of wireless telegraphy, which may at some future date be used for the transmission of inland messages, as well as for transmarine inter-communication. The action of the Anglo-American Cable Company in enforcing its right to stop Marconi's experiments in New- foundland may be accepted as conclusive proof that transatlantic wireless telegraphy is not regarded by practical men as a mere scientific plaything. Whether the Company reconsider their decision or not, these things point to the anxiety there is to re cognise wireless telegraphy as one of the great forces of the future ; and the general attitude un- doubtedly affects that of the British Post Office towards the new discovery, and has brought to bear upon the authorities an amount of restraining influence which they will not find it very difficult to justify.

The sequel to the late Grimsby fishermerfa dis- pute,which lasted so long and became so embittered has been furnished this week in an award by the arbitrator, Bir Edward Fry, which is substantially a victory for the men. All the new conditions im- posed by the Owners' Federation are discarded by the arbitrator, who decides that the old conditions shall be resorted to. The decision will no doubt occasion surprise to those who believed that the owners occupied a practically unassailable position. The owners' arguments were said at one time to be powerfully supported by the entries in their books, which were freely submitted to the examination of impartial witnesses during the progress of the dis- pute. Sir Edward Fry's decision, however, after I careful examination of the case from both sides, , quite upsets this conclusion, and suggests that the ' responsibility for the temporary dislocation of the Grimsby fishing trade rests upon those who acted as the advisers of the Owners Federation. it is not often that predictions as to the ultimate issue of an industrial conflict are so completely falsified as they have been in this ease. The full text of the award in this singularly complicated trade dispute must be awaited with unusual interest by many students of domestic economy.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES. THE BAZAAR AT BRUNSWICK SCHOOLS, RUNCORN. The proceeds of the bazaar held last week in aid of the Wesleyan Circuit and Trust Fands just ex- ceded £5O.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
INTRODUCED

WESTON POINT MEN'S BIBLE CLASS.

In connection with the above class a most suc- cessful meeting was held on Sunday under the presidency of Mr Griffiths. The customary address was given by Mr Greenhalgh, who choss a suitable Chri.stmas topic. St Paul's choir rendered several carols and a recitation was given by Mr Men.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE ON " KEATS " BY MR. W. DOUGLAS.

On Friday evening at the dllesmere-etreet Debat- ing Society, a lecture was given by Mr W Douglas on" Keats." The lecturer gave a brief biography of the young poet's life and touched with particular emphasis on his romantic love and courtship. His love letters, he contended, were among the choicest of literary writings, and were too sacred to be sub- jected to indiscriminate criticism. A vote of thanks to Mr Douglas for his lecture brought the meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
lIELP-IN-11.A.ND ;BENEFIT. SOCIETY, RUNCORN.

The annual meeting ot this society was held at the headquarters, the Rutter Vaults, Brunewick- street, on Friday evening. After a hot-pot supper the Secretary presented the financial statement, from which jr appeared that the year's income amounted to £3O lis 33, and the expenditure to £1894 leaving an amount available for dividend of ICis 21 per member. The Secretary stated that owing to a claim made that day oa account of a death the dividend would be reduced by le per member. The officers were eter wards elected for the ensuing year.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUELTY TO Cix LDRE:k7 AT WIDNES.

At the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, Julia Fowler, of 2, fligh-street, Wic!nos, was charged fl 3 the custodian of four children with neglecting them.—The police stated that visits had ben paid to the house, and the woman bad apparently no visible means of subsistence. On one visit three men, two of them being supposedly respectable married men, were found in the back yard. The house was always dirty, and devoid of furniture ; the woman was addicted to drink, and the chil- dren, aged respectively, 2,3, 6, and 11, were often left to run about almost naked.—tt was alo stated that the police had had to find clothes for the youngsters, and that the out-relief given by the Guardian, of the Poor to the women had been stopped on account of continued drankennes-i.- -The Bench sentenced the woman to a month's hard labour, and directed that the children should be taken to the workhouse, with a view to their adoption by the guardians.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, Strctre.Efs SUNDA:I7 SCHOOL, RUNCOR,N.

On Sunday afternoon, an interesting event took place in connection with the St Michael's Young Men's Bible Class. Upwards of 30 young men gathered in SI Michael's vestry to present-, Mr Joseph Hunt,one of this oldest members of the cla,s who has recently been married, with a handsomely : bound family Bible. Mr Douglas, the class teacher :after a brief reference to Mr Hunt's long connection with the class, called on Mr T Clarke to make the presentation. Mr Clarke congratulated the young men with regard to the numbers who attended the class, and impressed upon them the advantages of meeting together for their mutual welfare. He ap- pealed to them to give their teacher every support, aud to make the class an example to their fellow men. He asked Mr Hunt ti? accept the Bible as a token of their e.teena, and hoped that he would make good use of it for his spiritual benefit. Mr Hunt warmly thanked the class for the gift, and brietli, acknowledged the kind wishes for the well- being of his wife and himself. He would value the sacred book all his life. SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

On Saturday evening, the annual meeting was held in the Greenway-road Sebool. The president (Mr fleesom) occupied the chair. After the ordin- ary business had been transacted, the election of officers took place, with the following result :—Mr Alfred Noden. president; Mr George Powell, associ- ate ; Messrs E lgar,Wilkinsan. anti John Fawld.3, conductors ; Mr James Johnson,financial selrotary ; IMr Thomas Dutton, assistant secretary ; Mr E Key, jun recorng !i secretary ; Messrs Jweph Walker and John Coake,% sentinels ; Mr Daniel Be-; brown, treasurer ; Mr Thomas R Whyte, chaplain I.lfes;ra Thomas Clarke and Alfred Noden, sick stewards; Messrs George Powell and John Coke, auditors ; Messrs Thomas ileesom, Alfred Noden and S.amnel M Templerley (Lostock), trustees. Mr Thomas R Whyte was elected patron of cadets and Mr Edward Key, secretary. The followinFr, officers were selected as representatives to the Cheshire Grand Division to be held a'. -Runcorn in January : —Messrs Thomas Cooks, Coornss Clarke, Samuel Tomlinson. sen., John Dunbabin. S M Tern- parley, Thomas Dutton and Edward Key for the cadets.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
- LOCAL IVEDDING.-GREENWOOD -STATHAM.

An interesting leeal wedding took place at the , Runeorn Parish Church oa Saturday morning at eight o'clock. The contrlctine parties were Mr Fred Berry Greenwood, of Manchester, and Miss Agnes Statham, of Greenw iy-roal, Buicorn. Toe bridegroom holds the position of engineer for the Runcorn section of the Ship Canal, while the bride who is well known and respected in local circles,con- ducts the Young Ladies' Bible Clags at St Michael's Church. The Ceremony took place from the residence of Mr George Hewitt. Percival's-lane and notwith- standing the early hour,there was a good attendance of well—wishers. The bride, who was gracefully , costumed in a grey travelling dress and a grey end ' white toque,was given away by Mr G Hwttt. Miss May Johnson attended as bridesmaid, and she was charmingly attired in a grey dresa, with black pic- ture hat. The bridegroom was accompanied by Mr Tarbuck, of Manchester, who acted as best man. ' The Rev. ES Oliver, curate of St. Michael's, per- formed the marriage ceremony. As the wedding party left the church they were showered with rice and confetti, and hearty good wishes, The happy pair immediately made their way to the station en route for Bournemouth, where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride travelled in a long grey cloak trimmed with fur. They were the recipients of a large number of handsome presents. SHOCKING NEGLECT BY A WOMAN AT RIINCOHN. On Saturday morning before Messrs. W. Timmins (in the chair) and R. H. Posnett, William and Mary Ellen Clarke were charged with having neglected their six children in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering.— The evidence submitted by Inspector Hackett and corroborated by Sergeants Brewster and Gregory, showed that the prisoners' house in Bridgewater-street, where they had lately resided, was in a shockingly dirty condition. When they removed the female prisoner stated that she was going on tramp with the children and their whereabouts were not ascertained until Friday when it was found that they were residing in Shaw-street. Sergeant Gregory scaled the wall and afterwards let the other witnesses in. The sight was an appalling one The children were almost naked and very dirty and the woman herself was in a most filthy condition. The fire was a pretty good one but there was no food in the house save a quarter of bread. There was no furniture and the children slept on a flock bed on the floor.—The Chairman de.cribed the case as one of the worst he had ever known in the whole of his experience. He had seen the children in the police cells and the eight wa most heart rending. The man was getting £1 13s per week of whicn .£1 went to his wife end the home affairs should have been conducted differently. The man would be sentenced to one month imprisonment and the woman to three montns.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

COiltillited Page 7, RUGBY. VVABBINGTON BEAT LEIGH.

The return match between these teams was playel at Warrington on Christmas Day before 4.OJJ spectators. Very wet weither in the morning had made the ground in a terribly sloppy condition. Leigh arrived with only 13 men but they eyentntlly managed to make up the full comple- ment, though Molyneux and Causer were absentees • War- rinaton had Isherwood off, and the vacancy was filled by /lock, nhall.

Dunbavin started for Leigh against a slight breeze. and Morrison failing to hold the wet ball, tke visitors got a foot- ing in the home half, Dimbavin passed out to Davies who was, however, promptly upset by Dickenson. A couple of I penalty kicks for Warrington changed the venue, Hallam punting well into the Leigh quarter. Exchanges between Hallam and, Klght resul ed in the latter mulling on the I line, the Warrington forwards only just missing a try wader the posts. Dunbavin cleared to half way, but a pass from Hockenhall to Fish resulted in tise latter running down touch and centring, Play once more settling near the Leigh goal. Fish tried at, goal from a penalty but failed. War- rington kept up a hot attack and Burgess stealing away from the scrimmage gave Harris a timely pass, the wing man scoring finely at the corner after a powerful run. Hallam took the place kick and hit one of the up- rights with his shot for goal. Leigh responded with a for- ward rush which called upon Hallam's defensive powers. The visitors worked hard for a score and Dunbayln twice dropped at goal from scrimmages close In. The second time he was eucceasful, and the Warrington men immedi- ate:y rushed to the other end, where Burgess popped the bail over the bar in similar fashion, to the delight of the crowd. Kight intercepted a Warrington pass and ran half the length of the field. before Dickenson and Harris could check his career. Hoekenhall immediately carried play to the other end where the Leith full Arica missing his kick, Town Son had a walk in but failed to field a rather awk- ward catch, and the wulstle went for knock-on. Flay was mostly in Warrington's favour to the interval when the score was. Warrington 1 goal 1 try (5 Points), Leigh 1 goal (2 points). J Swift restarted and Warrington were soon on the attack again, the forwards dribbling half the length of the field in clever style. Burgess, Hockenhall,and Fish passed smartly, the latter running to the line before he wee upset. The home attack was maintained, and Burgess picking up from behind the pack dodged through the ...eigh ranks to score a sple odid try in good position, which Fish failed to improve upon. The reverse stimulated Leigh. who bore down on Hallam with a rush, the full back saving pluckily while full length on the ground Hockenhall next got hold and dodg- ing Davies, passed to Fish who sprinted finely until Roberts got him by the collar and pulled him in touch. Hallam followed up his own punt and nearly dribbled over the Leigh Tine. Dunbavin ran back to the Tauter If sg, and here Davies got hold and made a long run Into the Lorne half, Hallam finally grassing him. This was Leigh's last effort, and the final came with Warrington winning by 1 goal 2 tries (8 points, ; to Leigh 1 goal (2 points).

WIDNES V. RUNCORN. ANOTHER WIN FOR WIDNES.

The initial meeting of these old-tune rivals took place at Lowerhou.e-lane on Wednesday. Great interest wes evinced in the engagement, which attrscted a large crowd. The Chemicals pressed hotly on the line and Hughea made a mark for Tilley to land a beautiful goal. The home team again wended their way to the line, and trom a eceamble Aspey got over. Tilley added the extra points. A combined rush by the whole of the Widnes team entled in Douglas dropping on the ball near the corner for 0 May to land his third goal. Jolley placed the oval over the hone line bat 1-1111,bes kicked the leather dead just a. Walker was drop Ping on it. laalf•time : Widnes 3 goals 2 tries (12 points). Runcorn nil. Peacock rest Med. the ball going into touch. The kick and rush g amelwas the order for some time until Butterworth broke away, and Runcorn scored. The much needed additional points were added. The Cheshire men now had the buit of matters, and the game was fought in the home territory. Widnes were again penalised, and Wil- kinson placed a goal. Tilley got over from a kick by Peacock but Walker kicked tics ball from hit hands. aesult : Widnes, 12 points; Runc an. 7 pints. BROUGHTON SANGERR V. SALFORD.

At Salford on Wednesday. Broughton Rangers one try, Saltord nil.

_SWINTON V ERLDFORD.

At Bradford on Weduef day. Bradtord 8 points, Swinton nil.

' BATLE' V. .17DPERSTIELD. At Firtown on Wedaeoday. Tae game ended in a point- ead draw.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN V. WARRINGTON.

TER LINNETS BEATEN AT HOME.

There was an exceptionally large crowd at the Irwell Lane enclosure on Thursday afternoon to witness the return match between the above clubs. Party feeling ran strong, considerable interest: being evinced in the cwntest owing to the home team suffering threat at the hands of the sturdy Warringtonians some three months ago. A large number Of people crotsed the bri fge from Widnes. quite 6,000 spectators witnessing the, kick-off, among whom were a vary large sprinkling of the fair set, and about 1,00 people from Warrington. A fair breeze blew from end to end en 1 with the exception of a n 'sty piece of slush In the middle, the ground was in good condition, considering the heavy rains of the previous days. Both had strong teams and the suit shone out brilliantly when the reap retire skippers led their teams on the field. . _ .

Warrington : Hallam. full back ; Fish. Hoekenhall. Dick- croon and Harris. throe-quarters ; Burs s and Townson, half-backs ; Taylor, Hien. Morrison, Pall, Hdmondson, S wift, Boardman and W Ashton. forwards.

Runcorn a Furnival, back : Moran, Butterworth, Warder and Wilkinson. three-quarters ;3 Jolley and J Richardson. half backs ; Farmer, Lightfoot. Walker Langley, Williams, Moulton, Tomlinson, Gayter. forwards. Runcorn won the toss, and elected to platy with the breeze, Swift starting for Waavington twenty-seven minutes late. The ball went in touch and Jolley kicked to Fish who missed the ball and Dickenson saved near the line. The Warrington forwards broke the first scrum and carried the ball a few yards. Burgess then grassed Jolley. Hallam took a penalty and Itlcheralson marked, Farmer kicking short tor goal. Hallam was pressed again but cleared finely, I Burgess, Townson, and Fish passed, the latter kicking to centre. Jolley next rnistieldecl and was dropne I in his own half by Ashton. A lot of enthusiasm was shown on both sides and play was very keen. Warr ngton were attacking when Burgess got penalised twice. once for picking out. Halls:. was tackled near the line,bnt Morrison touched down Wilkinson marked again and *oaten failed at goal. A five yards scrummage gave Runcorn a chance but ths Warrington forwards carried the ball. Farmer next had an easy penalty hut failed miserably. Warrington got possesssion again bnt Townson's transfer went wrong ant Hockenhall oniy just saved as Warder came up. Runcorn had most of the game. Moran being tackie,t just outside. Still another penalty for Runcorn Jolley this time landing a [goal amid cheers. War- rington several times touched down from long punts and at last got to centre again. Runcorn poised w4l. Butterworth doing gaol work but the ball went forward. Warrington re- sponded plucklly,Dickenson making e goal run. Richardson missed a pass and Warring an again got to the Run corn roarter,Jolley punting back. Half•time, Runcorn one goal ; Warringtor I di. Farmer re-started and Taylor hut in a good return. War- rington at once taking up the offensive. Fast play followed. Hallatn making a grant clearance when pressed. The Runcorn forwards played a grand game and drove Warring- ton back. Even leap ensued, Jolley at last knocking the ball dead. Warrington packed on the line end a poor kick by Richardson resulted In Burgess grounding behind the posts. Fish landed a goal amid great cheering. Wearing- too were now ahead end the utmost excitement was evinced liuncnrn rallied and entered the Warrington half. Burgess next kicked down and Moulton mulled, Warder had to touch down. Fish got a penalty near ouch, and failed only by inches. Later he tried again and felled. Play was soon being contested In semi-darkness, Runcorn having as mush of the game as their opponents. After a warm attack by Runcorn iVarrlngton got down again, Furnival only just saving in the nick of time. War- rington scrimmaged no the line, Burzess dropping at goal. War rington still attacked and Fish took another penalty,but the range was too long. It was difficult to follnw the play, the sky had become so much overcast, but litmcnrn were soon seen on the aggressive once more. A hot attack we, set up on the Warrington line, Hallam having his hands full to keep the home forwards out, lie proved safe once more, however, said Burgess led the way back TO centre again. A. stineng run by Jolley gave Runcorn Ihe upper hand and they strove hard to get the lead. Burgess was hnrt and left the field, Eden taking Isis place. This mishap roamed the Warringto s men and they rushed Runcorn taaCK to n utral territory none more, A minute later the final sounded, leaving WArrinfiton victorious by 1 goal I try (5 pint') to Runcorn I goal (2 points). HULL V BROVOKTON RING 014.

Played athull on Thursday. italf-thne 7. —Broughton nattgers 2. Unlt nil. Fir:mt.—Broughton Rutgers 2 points, Hull nil.

HALIFAX BATLEY.

Played. atlitAx on 'Mind ky Ra.f-time n—ilalifax 5 pts.. Batley nil. Final.—Halifax 5 p into, Batley nil. HUDDERSFLF:LD v BRIGEOU3E RasoFuts. Played at Hu idersfteld Thum lay. Halt-tinas :-1-rud- derstield nil, Brigim INA flamers nil. Final.—H Idersfield points, Brighouse Rangers oil.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

EARLESTOWN BARROW. (LANCASHIRE LEAGUE).

I Played at Darlestown on Saturday in true wintry weather. Owing to the late arrival of the visitors.the start was delaye4 threelnartees of an hour, and thirty fire minutes each way had to be played. The ground was covered with snow, arid the recent frost made it extremely difficult for the players to keep their feet. Barrow won the toss, and decided to take advantage of the slops. Dawsoa setting the ball in motion in the presence of • bout 603 rpectators. The start was sensational, as after the game had been In progress little more than a minute. Higgins opened the scoring for the visitors. Chew having no °twee of saving. This enlivened matters, and EarlestOwn made tmcks for the visitors goal across from Bartley, leaving Leach In possession tk, nice opening, the inside man's shot missing toe bar by inches only. Settle got away on the home right, but his centre was headed away by Dockerty. and in a trice the ball was at the other end. Walker shooting againit the bile of the net with terrific force. The visitors displayed splendid combina- tion, considering the state of the ground, and they caused the home defenders endless trouble. Dawson fastened or, the ball an I tapped it to Barlow, who made the score.. level. Half-time—Barrow 2, Barlestown 1. Final Barrow 3, Bade'- . town 2. NEwros-LE-WILLows V. BURSLEM PORT VALE RESERVE. Inc CoNtnIcaTION.

These tams played their first match In the Combination table at Newton on Saturday. The grout we very slippery owing to the recent snow and keen frost. Burslem played their full strength, whilst the homesters were only moder- ately represented. Newton won the toss, and Holcroft kicked cff downhill for Burslem, who were sccm operating in the home quarters. Raynor sent them bftek, and good play on the part of Ellison and Hill changet the venue, but tbe vlsitors returned once more, Raynor doing the needful by stopping a dangerJus rush. The Newton men showed some good combination. Hill passed over to Billington, who shot well, Davies saying. Newton were eventually driven back, but they soon showed their determination to master the situation ; but Butler just missed by Inches. Eurslem came away, but lost a good opening. Newton attacked strongly, 1 and as a result of s tussle in the gealmouth one of the visitors struck the ball with his hand, From the ensuing

WAN

MEM

penalty Butler scored. Soon afterwards the Port Vale came uway, and a foul put them dangerous, but offside neutralised the kick. &astern, still undaunted. Random and Ho'croft equalised. the point being allowed notwithstanding an appeal for offside. The visitors kept up the pressure, and Holcroft banged the ball In, but struck the crossbar. From the rebound Brown sent through. Newton tried to equalize, but the grand defencs of Chadwick prevented a score. Bursiem again came away, and made a combined attack on the nome goal, but Horrecks cleared finely, and Newton changed the venue to Burslem goal. Play was well contested. Newton made a combined attack on 13nrslera , citadel and Billington shot into Chadwick. Seceral fouls to Newton put them on the aggressive, but Watkin robbed. Kenny, and Horrocks receiving, ran down the left wing. Half-time :—Buralem Port Vale 2 goals. Newton-le-Willow. 1 goal. Immediately on the restart Billington ran down on the left wing and centred beautifully, Butler finishing up a fine effort by placing the ball in the net. Rushton broke loose on the right wing for Rursienz, and shot, Simpson meeting the ball and scoring. Play was of a ding dong character, and keenly contested. Burslem frequently at— tacked and Brown shot well, Horrocks just saving. Final; Bursiem Port Vale 4, Newton-le-Willows 2.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS AT RUNCORN.

For another twelve months Christmas is a thing of the past. It cannot be said that Christmas weather prevailed right through ClirVcmas week but the atmospheric conditions, on the whole were quite in harmony with what one expects on this occasion. Prior to Cnristmas Eve so keen a frost prevailed that it was with difficulty ped,strians could walk the streets, while horse traffic was brought, literally to a standstill. Christmas Eve and Christmas Day witnessed, however, quite a change. A sharp thaw sat in which quite spoiled the anticipated skating at the Runcorn Park. Nevertheless a few daring youths made a vigor- ous attempt to cut figures on the ice with the result that they cut different figures in the water quite opposite to their expec- tations—and sorry figures they were too. Happily nothing worse resulted than the pleasure of steno- , tog three feet deep in ice cold water. Skating for all practical purposes was completely spoiled. On show night toe frost was keen and cutting. and made the well lighted shops look still more brilliant, packed as they were, with their new Christmas goods and novelties. Generally there is a feeling among tradesmen that there is a distinct falling off in the purchase of "Christmas Joys" compared with previous years. To a certain extent this may be due to the fact tbat many works did not pay their men on Christmas Eve but deferred payment until the end of the week. As is usual Christmas Eve saw tbe usual number of brass bands and parties of Christmas singers. iany commenced operations early in:the evening and did not finish until day broke on another Christmas Day, At most of the places of worship services were held and , there were also parties and social gatherings held in connection with them. Very few went out of town, the London and North-Western Rail- way station being closed, most people, preferring to spend their Christmas at home. Boxing day was mild and pleasant. Many people journeyed out of town to Liverpool and other places where facilities were cffared for amusement. Christmas, it may be said, was spent in much the same fashion as in previous years, and, on the whole, doubt- less it was spent with as much joviality as in the larger towns.

SA.LVATION ARMY CHRISTMAS TEA. On Ciaristmis Day the Army held a tea meeting, at which over one hundred persons were prsseat. Captaitt Yoang superintended operation., and the tea was a cm,pl-te suczes3: Thanks are due to the donors who so liberally subscribsd. Sir John T Brunner, as usual, was to the front with a donation of three guineas. Addresses were afterwards given.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY FATALITY AT WIDNES.

Old Footballer Killed.

- -...--. On Christmas Eve the mutilated body of Frederick Plumpton, of Hough Green, near Widnes, was bind on the Cheshire Lines Railway near the Ball of Dittan be- tween the Widnes and H nigh Green stations. The deceased had been a been local sportsman, and at one time was captain of the Widnes footbel team. He also played boa Warrington, and was very well- known in bon towns. He was only abut thirty years of age. He leaves a widow, woo is the daughter of Mr LI Dale the wel;-khowin cricketer. The facts have been reported to the coroner, and an inquiry will be held.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. [BY A CORRESPONDItNT.I

Warrington added one moLe toßuncorn's growing list of defeats on Thursday at lrwsli-lane, which was a bitter pill for the locals to swallow.

FOOTBALL

The start was twenty-five minutes after time') owing, it is stated to Mr Priestly, the referee, being late, and when the teams entered the enclosure the crowd was surprised to find that the Linnets had doffed their green jerseys and arrayed themselves in white. The opening stages of the game were much in favour of the home contingent and it took the visitors all their time t stave off the vigorous attack. An imitation of Association tactics threatened to end disastrously for Warrington but the visiting custodian proved sure. In the scrums'''. Warrington got the ball out repeatedly and screwed the packs in fine style. Run— corn though having the best of matters com- bined but indifferently at the crucial moment. The first. points fell to the home side in the shape of a goal after two previous efforts had been made in 4 the same direction. Once and only once during theo first half did the wirepullers make an excursion into the Runcorn 25 and then they were sent promptly to the right about. On the play of the first half Runcorn were undodbradly superior at every point,the best men on the field being Tomlin- son and Gayter forward,who followed up splendidly, and Butterworth and Jolley behind, the last-named playing a wonderful game.

With the wind against them in the seconi ball' it was anticipated that Runcorn would cut but a sorry figure. They rose, however, to the occasion/ right manfully with fine defensive play and made periodically desperate at•acks on their opponents lines. The play became fast and exciting and some pretty work on loJth sides was witnessed. A poor kick by Richardson let Warrington in and a con- verted try was the resiet. It was however, one of those tries which savour more of good luck than goo 4 manigement. Warrington had by far the best of the game during the second half and were greatly helped by a freshening breeze. The latter portion of the game was played in semi darkness and Runco:n seemed to wake up just when it was too late.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. EI&NURB

MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON, SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD.

TELEGRA:kI9 :—TOOLU. 'WARRINGTON. TELEPABSE No. 222. H.

GEORGE

ENRY LEE AND

CO., LTD. BASNET I STREET, LIVERPOOL. PARIS MODELS IN MILLINERY AT MODERATE PRICES, NOV KLTI ES IN MILLINERY. Ting NEW AND EFFECTIVE FELT riaszz ziIISLINE HATS. • IN;THE LATERT AND MT STYLISH FORMS ? SMART FEATHER TOQUES IN A GREAC VARIFE CY OF STYLES AT VERY EIODERATII PRICES. NEw kJosTEmEs COATS AND SKIRTS, WALKING,DRESSICS. TEK LATEST NOVELTIES_IN LAI)IE 111ANTLES, YOUNG LADIES ./AcKliTs. EvENiNG CLOAKS, THAvOLLINLI CLOAKS. &c.

A SPECIALITY. LARGE TYPE FOR

MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTER. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS, THE; MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTICKS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS.

A SPHOIALITY.

POSTERS, IWINDOW-BILLS, ,11010 AND CIRCULARS. ACCOUNTANTS AND SOLICITORS' REPORTS. , EDUCATIONAL WORKS AND CIRCULARS. PAMPHLETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, de.3. JOHN WALKER & CO. - I BRWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AI

===== 0002601_19011227_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
$ I i $ i t I $

===== 0002601_19011227_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19011227_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
D

===== 0002601_19011227_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
GEORGE HENRY LEE AND

Co. LTD., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ARE ROW HOLDING

===== 0002601_19011227_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THEIR ANNUAL SHOW OF

SEASON'S NOVELTIES AD USEFUL FANCY GOODS EMBRACES REAL SILVER GOODS ELECCRO PLATE OP THE BEST QUALITY. FITTED DRESaING BAGS AND casss,

TRAVELLING BAGS, PORTMANTEAUX &(.3, BRASS AND COPPER WARE. LEATHER WRITING IJASES AND DESKS, AND POCKET BOOKS. SMOKERS' CABINETS, MEDICINE CABINETS &c., CHOICE CHINA AND BRIC-A-BRAC. TOYS, ROCKING HORSES, GAMES CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS, LACE AND GAUZE FANS, UMBRELLAS AND WALKING STICKS. LAMP SHADES, CUSHIONS, COSEYS, EMBROIDERIES &c.

ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE SENT ON REQUEST. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND

CO., LTD.,

BLSNETT STREET, LIVERPOIL.

..,, B: 4 yr..:-,;.•''N.--.',.., r .i,4,,.,.._._,,,:,:. :::_i.-..-.67„____ • DIFFERRNT - C+7

===== 0002601_19011227_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
:EDUCTION INPELCS i rOlt

N AN-I)-73S CENT BIJUN &RS. 0 A,L• DESCENT MANTLES. _

N ^ AN-11-ESCEN C-HIMNETs. INCANDESCENT GLOBRS. ALL RINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. OF COLOURS AND PATTERNS. rLASS GLO) _ BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED AT AD kMS 80 ST. JAM ES PLACE. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFRRENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. A DAM S. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SM ITH DOWN-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

PBE-i

THINK OF YOUR SOLE and heel this coming winter. dive into 5. LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. and have your feet covered with a pair of ARTHUR EVANS'

63. CD., Si. CD., or Twelve Bob Boots. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

PENDLEBURY AND COSI PAN Y,

12 & 14, W INWICK STREET,

===== 0002601_19011227_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL CONSIGINMENT OF

SPRING ROCKING CHAIRS,

BRUSSELS CARPET, EMBOSSED VELVET,

SADDLEBAGS, ETC.

BABY CHAIRS IN GREAT VARIETY.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SEE OUR WINDOWS THIS WRBK.

SPECIAL BARGAIN

===== 0002601_19011227_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THII CHRISTMAS TRADR.

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY,

(NEAR CE.NTRAL STATION)

WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL SHOW

PICTURES AND FANCY GOODS,

===== 0002601_19011227_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR CHRISTMAS.

PENDLEBURY AND CO.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD,

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSTIY-STRERT. WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually:attended to.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound BEGLIgH LEVER on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 12a 6d. Liverpool Agent : R RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE, LivEßFoor.., CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STAMM Alsu WAL IMAM WATOHEIS in Gold, Silver and -tilled at Lowest Prices Current.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES, &C &C., .TO W ILLIAII TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD bnEET). LIVERPOOI

• 11. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY litiLLS AND TBLEPHONES.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTI M ATBS GIVEN.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING PHoELD WHITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONIC 4853. ESTIMATE! FREE AN• LITANCE. BAR TABLES. COUNTERS FITTINGS to.

-.MKAMINER PRINTING WORKS, CONOBRT BILL AND PNOG RAMOS. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. may be bad In a iewbeurs.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
".

===== 0002601_19011227_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES MINOR OASES. Warrington —Borough Court.

MONDAY.—Before MT. F. Monks (in the chair). Councillor Smethurst, and Amore. Birchen, Hayward end Thornton. Case DISSIDIRED.—David Wood was charged with having assaulted his wife, Jane Wood. on the 14th December.— Complainant said she did not want to send her husband to I Prison. as be was very sorry for what he had done.—The Chairman said she had better stasis the (tots of the case and let the magistrates decide.—Complaineat stated that on the night of the 14th that . her husband had had some drink and he struck her with a stick.—Defendant said his wife had been drunk every night for a fortnight, and he denied having struck he--Toe case was dismissed, and the Chair- man alvised the oomplainant to become a sober woman. SUNDAY FOOTBALL IN FACTORY-YARD.—Charles Stewart 5(1. Facrory-Ane : Joseph Rylands, 11, Glasshouse-row Thomas Smith. 95, Glasshouse-row ; Brnest Hands. 31, Pectiry-lane Weishy. 22. Bailway-aquare ; William Miller. 35, Glasshouse-row, John Oultram, 17. Baxter-street, and William Lowe, 64, Bostock-atreet, were summoned ter playing at football in Faetery.yard to the annoyance of passengers on December 15.—P,C.'s Clough, Whitby and Muiroy proved the case.—The lads were playing at the game near the Mission connected with Holv Trinity Church and numerous complaints had been received of the annoyance which had been caused to the worshippers.—Bach derenclant was fined ss.—The Chairman said that if the defendants were summoned again for a similar offenoe they would be much more severely dealt with. The full penalty was 4111, or a month's imprisonment in default. ..a'he magistrates were determined to atop this nuisance to worshippers on a Sunday. CHIMNEY ON FlRE.—Mary Joynson.3). Lythgoes-lane, was surnmoraed for allowing the chimney of her dwelling-house lo be on fire en the 13th Dimembe..--The Chief Constable said that the husband was in South Africa and that the defendant was very poor —The case was withdrawn in these circumstances. _ _

MatzrrErtaNcE Cam—Henry Clifton. Pierpoint-street. was snmosone,t to slum e4ose why 12c should not be ordered to contribute to the maintenance of his son. who is an in- mate of the High Town 'mint School. He consented to pay a shilling a week, and an order for that amount was made against him.

Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY.—Befare Mr. 11._Inalson(in the chair) and Mr. R

H. Posneti.

SNOWBALL TERIWING.—WaIter Haddock was summoned or throwing snowballs on Sunday evening In Greenway- roe L.—Superintendent Ennion proved the case, and on his rc3monendation the youth was dismissed with a caution.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WINTER SCOURGE.

Influenza cornea with the winter, and tha winter is upon U 9. People are always liable to contract colds and chills at this season of toe year, especially if the body is weak. Colds and coals, influ”nza aod winter ailments, if neglected are often followed be serious and dangerous illnesass. Mrs Stockhill, 3, Hope Terrace, Norton, Malton, Yorks, writes stating that her son bad a aevere attack of influenza, which left him very weak. After- wards pleurisy set in and the doctor gave up hopes of his recovery. Aire giving the lad all kinds of medicine without any material oeneflt, Mrs Slockhill fortunately cried Dodd'A Kidney Pills, and in a few weeks be was well and back to his work.

Toe terrible effects of influenza may be warded off, and the equally trying after effects may be speedily allayed, by taking Dodd' ,4 Kidney Pills. lithe kidneys are well, the blood is purified naturally and the body is fortified against disease. Keep the kidneys well and the life stream clear and you cannot have influenza and its after effects. The eoly certain kidney cure is Dadd's Kidney Pills, • medicine that never fails. Thousands of sufferers, whoie constitutions have been shattered by influenza and the terrible low depression which freque-t Iv follows it,have found a speedy cure by taking Dodd'a Kidney Pills. I Dodd's Kidney Pile are 2i 91 per box, of al' Chemists, or post free on receipt of prica from the Dodd' Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, EC. Be sure of he name, D-)-d-d-'o.

Military Commission.

Friday's " Lindon bazette " conr,ained the fol— lowing :—Militia Infantry.-3rd Battalion the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment), Basil Cuthbert Christophers, gentleman to be secnnd lieutenant,dated 21st instant. _

Sudden Death in Sankey-street. The sudden death is reported of Mr Bradshaw who was for a considerable number of years manager of the public baths in Legh-etreet. He I was walking along Sankey-street on Sunday evening, at about nine o'clock, when be was seen to stagger and fall to the ground. He wa4 picked up and taken to the Infirmary, where it was found that life was extinct. Death of Mr. William Grimshaw. On Monday morning, at Rocktield, Grappenhall- after a painful illness, borne with Christian forti tude, Mr William Grimehaw passed away. Residing near W arrington for many years, he was well- known to a large circle of friends, and highly esteemed for his strict integrity and kindliness of heart. Mr Grimehaw was for many years cashier, and afterwards a director of Mackie and Clrcpany Limited. .

===== 0002601_19011227_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Harriers.

The Sankey club held-iheir-annual Christmas handi- cap on Saturday afternoon, the run taking place from the Sankey schoolroom. Notwithstanding the bitterly cold weather, and the frosty state of the ground, twenty-three out of the twenty-five entrants put in an appearance. No trail was laid, a road race of fully seven miles having been decided upon. The limit lads received • start at the rate of a minute per mile. Twenty-one prizes were offered, and a number of con- solation prizes were afterwards given. Joseph Riley was first to make an appearance, and after a very fast race succeeded in getting home in front of T Devlin by about 100 yards, the same distance separating second and third. The times and order of finishing of the first six were :—J. Riley (21min.), 1 ; T. Devlin (scratch), 2 ; J. Potts.(2l min.), 3 ; F. Cowap, (2± min), 4 ; D. Green (imin.), 5 ; S. Parsonage ( min.), 6. The winner's time for the whole distance was 441 minutes, this being easily beaten by Devlin, the second man, whose time was 42 minutes. The handicappers are to be complimented on their ex- cellent work, the various starts giving every satisfac- tion. There is Security in I A the'

You wouldn't take back ten times ycur money and wash with some other soap than Fels-Naptha. Your Grocer offers you what you paid for it! 2-.lld. a bar. Fels-Naptha soap

Peninsular House Monument London E C

smile flooded the chamber. No sound was heard save the subdtied murmur from the streets below —no sound save the intermittent sob of the depart- ing spirit. The old man sat motionless. He heard the faint breathing—"the wave of life ebbing to and fro," and how the spells of bilence each time became longer. But he beheld not. how suddenly the child's eyes opened and fixed themselves upon his unconscious face! She cast her regards aloft with a smile. At the same instant her breath ceased. The mist bad pused from the star ! Now, explain it as you will, but at that very moment of her departure, the old man too followed her glance upward. His restless hand became motionless on the divine page. lie murmured the name of his darlinp as though he beheld her face at last. Thep his breath also ceased and their clasped hands grew cold together. So they were found, hours afterward, in the dusk of the night, their faces the same in unspeakable bliss—their eyes fixed upon the same spot above ! With tears the icy page was seen, and the old man's icy finger pointing to the words—" For Thou wilt light my candle : the Lord my (God will enlighten my darkness." such is the simple story of the blind Scripture reader and his little grand-child whose faces you may see in the beautiful picture of Dyckma

. ant nrops on toothbrnila every InorEnag • •

===== 0002601_19011227_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
aiRTER'S

Small Pill. Email Dose.

cure Sick Headache, diholsness, To,t,icl Liver. hull- gesl ion . Constipation, Dizziness. Yurred Tongue. They Touch the Lis er. LI be ate tilloy are

ITTLL IVER PILLS sEr-ii,nce

===== 0002601_19011227_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Will Sweeten um Breath all day, and make :11 the clitrerence be. tween—

good Teeth and Bad Teeth. Whit* Teeth ttnd Yellow Teeth. Pretty Teeth and ugly Teeth Complete 'in Toilet ^,se, Tcoth tew4or. ado.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
'IHE EXAII.IINER FRII)AY, DECEMBER 27 1901

IHE BLIND SCRIPTURE READER.

[By W. H. Leathwood, Author of Tales of Many Colours &c.]

Have you ever seen The Blind Beggar of Dyck- mans—have you seen the beautiful picture ? It represents an old man of commanding stature of venerable appearance, whose snow-white beard sweeps down upon his breast—whose face and sightless eyes are raised to heaven. Shrinking at his side and clasping his hands is a fragile girl— delicate,golden-haired,and beautiful. Her attitude is full of grace like a bending flower, but it is the grace of childhood of weakness of dependence ! Her brow is madonna-like.her mouth mournful and sweet—the curve of her neck beautiful. But it is the child's unfathomable eyes which are altogether indescribable. Their expression as they look ' straight from the canvas is like the glance of Reynolds's angels—incomprehensibly deep as though fixed upon unearthly mysteries. They are filled not with sadness and solemnity, but with the spirit of these, too deep for words to describe, Un- like the old man whose blindne4s is the shade of the Almighty, she looks out upon the world but in her regards too is that Almighty shadow which, like Death the gate of Life, seems only a thin film through which we discern her soul and heaven. The old man is blind—the child almost blind to the world about her. They are one in their spirit, in their helplessness. Youth and purity side by side with age and blindness. Could anything be more pathetic? As we gaze at the picture we seem to hear the tumult of the world about them yet also we discern the Divinity which hedge; them round and through whose still radiance no evil can pierce to hurt their souls !

Now this description of Dyckmans' picture is the very portraiture of the blind Scripture-reader and his lictle grandchild whose story I am about to relate—though to most people it may not be much of a story after all. There was the same majesty of form and face in the old man, the same ineffable sweetness iu the child. They were alone in the world which is so great—they were helpless where all are so hard and cold and heedless.

The place where the old man used to sit during the afternoons and late into the evenings was by the wall of the big city cemetery, which for some distance forms one side of the wide street. Here be had a low stool and when the rain fell fast a big umbrella. lie had also a thick waterproof cape. But these things did not prevent him getting very wet sometimes, nor keep the bitter cold from chill- ing his blood and stiffening his ageil limbs. During the bitter winter days, when the icicles lay stiff upon his beard the pallor of his face becams such that face and beard were her ily distinguish- able. Of course it was only in the summer time that his grandchild was with him or in the very warmest days of winter. At other times he sat alone thinking about her. When he was not read- in :z he would continue in this way for long spells, silent with his eyes fixed on vacancy. sometimes, at such a moment, when he was troubled to know whether she was in safety his lips moved awl then you heard faintly the deep prayer—" Lord, rescue my soul from their destruction. And my darling from the lions I" _

Here, then was his place. day by day, by the wall of the great cemetery. Tnere were many passers- by and much traffic, for, though the street was mostly composed ol private houses, it connected two great thoroughfares of the city. Behind him was that great silence of the dead with which he so often communed. lie was a familiar object to most eyes. They glanced at him carelessly and passed on The bright sunlight, the noise and con- fusion, the varied sights and sounds, the hours of labour and of business, all these conspire to close the souls of men and to render their minds heedless of poverty and misfortune. And the old man felt this instinctively. During the daylight hours he seldom read, but sat silent as I have said—s mysterious temple of meditation—in the midst of the busy throng. Sometimes, at rare intervals, a hand wool I steal out of the tumult, touch his own with a small offering and immediately pass away into the night which surrounded him ! Then the old man would start with a blessing and sit ponder- ing for long after trying in his own mind to picture the giver that he might know it again in eternity. " It was a good bean," he would say," or a suffer- ing one, for none other in this moving life would see the old man."

The doge, however, ulnae frequently, and licked his hand.

But when night drew on apace, and the day de- parted, and darkness with its mystery settled upon the busy streets, and the pas-era-by became fewer and fewer, and business was at an end for one day more,—and men, with the depar- ture of light became more thoughtful and serious then the old man's work day began and he lifted up his voice in the stillness That wonderful voice of the Scripture-reader—it ' was the fitting expression in depth and volume— of his noble counten ince, his lofty presence 1 More than this it was the voice of his very soul, that soul, which deprived of the garish light of the world sat daily in the presence of Him Who has covered Himself with light as with a garment. Who sows light for the righteous and Who makes His face to shine upon His servant! It was a voice of great manhood, which, in Fin Oriental city, would have made of him a muezzin to chant the glory of Allah and of the Prophet. It was a voice which had the additional power, if we may say so, of his lost sight. For the eye speaks—the eye has a langu- age, but the eye of the Scripture-reader had never spoken. That is what we mean when we say that his voice had that additional power of his lost sight. It was the one and on!yr expression of the old man's coal!

Imagine this wonderful voice, by night, rising from the dark wall of the cemetery. Where he eat there was no lamp for at least a dozen yards for be needel no light to read his book of Psalms. If you walked along the pavement quite close to him you beheld his dim form in tue gio ma but to pass- ers-by on the opposite side he was merely a Voice like that, voice in the wilderness of old. To those who knew of the cemetery being there it was addi- tionally solemn; and though many, even at night, would pass heedlessly there were deeper natures whom his voice arrested—who stood breathlessly night after night and li•tened as to a voice from the dead. " What man is he that liveth and shall not see death 7 Shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave?"

I have said that only in summer and the warmes days did the old man's grandchild sit with him She was very delicate. Bat she suffered no pain— she experienced no ill-health as we understand the word. It was simply that her heavenly spirit had been clothed with an ever-wesikening body of th frailest texture which would presently fade from her like a thin mist from a star, leaving it to shine at the time appointed. Looking at this beautiful child it was easy to believe in an immaculate incar- nation ! Sin had never touched her. Communion with the world she had never known, Life passed before her eyes only like a troubled dream. She beheld it ever with a gentle sorrow, as something which came between her and Paradise—as some- thing which would inevitably pass away, leaving her sight bright and clear. With every recent year of her life she had become more spiritual—with every year her strength decreased ! Her face be- came thinner and mere ethereal ! Her eyes were more unfathomable !N When she was about fourteen she lay down on her bed nicer to rise again ! It was the mist at length passing from the star! They told the old man she would soon die and be ' said nothing. But now, during the day, he never left her, only at night-time did he stAal forth for an hour and sit by the wall of the cemetery. What his thoughts were none could tell. He never spoke nor read, His voice had been heard for the last time in that busy street—and his eyes had no language. With his dumb look fixed on vacancy, motionless, as one dead,his book on his knee, he sat. To see him thus one might have fancied that life had already departed, but that, every now and then, he started and passed his hand weirdly across the mystic pages. He was groping in the dark for the fingers of God! _

At length, with the decline of a summer day, the child lay dying. The old man sat by her side, his book on his knee, one hand moving across the open page as usual, the other clasp- ing her thin fingers. The sun, silent and glorious, looked from the west. His breathless

===== 0002601_19011227_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
A VERY GOOD REASON.

" How do you feel, Maude, this morning ? " asked a pretty girl of a friend, oa tha morni'ig. following a Christmas party. .

" Perfectly vP retlhed ! " came the reply as a curly head was raised from th 3 pillow. " G.tc a splitting headache, feel quite washed out and gueis I look it How do you feet? You look as bright and lively as if dances and Christmas oonfecionery were unknown." "In fine form" was the response •' But I took a couple of Bite Beans before turning in. That's the reason." . .

For the headache, weariness, d3oression, dry n3auth Indigestion, and sleeplessness resultieg from Christmas eating, Bile Beans are an unfailing remedy. They gently relax the bowels and rellev3 the system Of the cangested condition which ccoalions headache. dizzi- ness. and that feeling of dulness, while they also tone up and stimulate the digestive organs which have been temporarily deranged by the overwork which Christmas dishes freely partaken of have thrown upon them. If you would like to try Bile Beans without incurring any expense, out out this par, write across it the name of this paper, and send it with your full name and ad- dress and a penny stamp to pay return postage, to the Bile Bean C's Central Distributing Depot, (ireek•street, Leeds, Yorks. Your wants will then be promptly satisfied.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Cairo-Street Chapel.

On Sunday evening the Rev E W Lummis, pastor of the above place of worship continued his discourses on Unitarianism, raking for his subject on this occasion A Unitarian's thought of Christ." The sermon was istened to with interest by & fairly large congregation.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Golborne-Street Baptist Chapel.

Large congregation s assembled at the above place of worship, on Sunday, when sermons were preached, morning and evening, by Mr Herbert Dunnico, of Bolton In the morning the sermon was necessarily short the Dreaoher having been delayed on the railway on his journey from Bolton, and the service was partly over when he arrived at the chapel. Special Christmas hymns and carols were heartily sung, the collections realizing a satisfactory sum.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Legh-street Primitive Methodist Chapel.

On Sunday, at this chapel, the choir. assisted by friends, gave selections fro in Handel'; " Messiah." The chapel was filled to overdo wing, and the service was heartily enjoyed by all present. The principals were Miss Alice Bridge, Miss Eva Miller, Mr John Corrin, and Mr E H Pearcs, A.L.C.M., Miss Bridge, who is the possessor of a fine soprano voice, sang with great fer- vour the beautiful soles and recite, "There were Shepherds " "Rejoice greatly" " Come unto Him " and " How beautiful are the feet." She undoubtedly sang the solo. " Rejoice greatly " the best, and must be con- gratulat on vie aimless she has attained. Miss Eva Miller sang the recit and aria " He shall feed his flock," very effectively, and her sweat mezzo- soprano voice was especially suited to the soh, alloted: to her. Mr Jshn Corrin sane the recit " Comfort yo " and the aria " Every valley," the recit and aria "Inc was out off" and " But Thou didat not leave" in whicii his pure tenor voice was heard to advantaqe. Mr EU Pearce, A.L.C.M. was especially successful in his solos and recits. "For behold darkness" " The people that. walked" and the fine inspiring bass solo. " Why do the nations." The choir has on former occasions sl•eady made a name for the attack and precisi In with which they deal with difficult choruses, and they sang the choruses " And the glory " " Oh thou that tellest " For unto us a child is born " Glary to God," " Behold the Lamb of God " " All we like sheep " " Worthy is the lamb " " Hallelujah." Mr Albert Spruce connucted the choir successfully through the choruses, in a skilful s.nd careful manner, Mr Fred PodmoreM.LLLM. accompanied all the solos and choruses on the organ, without th 3 aid of an orchestra, and 'also payed the " Introduction " an d the" Pastoral Symphony" with taste and expression.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Christmas Choral Service at Wycliffe Church.

At Wycliffe Congregational Minch, Warrington, on Sunday evening, the annual Christmas Chiral Service was given by the choir and friends, assisted by a large orchestrs. There was a large congreg,ration. Toe de- votional part of the service was conducted by Mr George Wallington, one of the deacons. The musical service opened with ths uver,ure from " Ttv tilessiati." Mr F Hickman presided at the crgan,and the instrument ilists were .—First violios,Mert H Pearsoniand Mr W Brown ; second violins. Mr A Knowlas and Mr T Wallington ; viola, Mr G Johnson ;i1 bass Mr R Whitfi4d. The duties of conductor devolved upon Mr W 13 Payton, IMus Bac, the organist and choirmaster. Mr A Griffiths' pure-r,oned ter.or voice was heard to advan- tage in the recit and air " Comfort ye," and " Every Valley." The choir then gave with splendid effect the chorus " And t glory." Mr W El Wailingt was very R,rcesmful in his interpretation of " Thus , salth the Lord." Mrs A E Longshaw then contributed II the diffl suit recit mid air " Bebod a virgin " and " 0 Thou that tallest " aril the choir joined in the chorus. which brought the air to a fitting climax Mr A Cotterili and Miss A Travis both male their first attempts at sol 3 ein.ing in oratori, and were fairly sucr.essful Mrs R H Pearson was in good voice and gave an efficient rendering of the recit " Thera were Shepherds "and the air" I know that my Redeemer liveth," the last named being especially well given. I' wo short quartettes " Since by man came death " and "For as in Adam all die " were also sunz, taken part in by Miss L Knowles, Miss Travis, Mr Griffitos and Mr Wallington, The choruses were given with preei din and effect and reflected great credit upon the choir and conductor. The collection wag on behalf of the choir fund.

Ordination of Deacons at Warrington.

The Lord Bishop of Liverpool hold an ordination of deacons at the Warrington Parish Church on Sunday morning.:lt is a considerable time 0003 a similar aervice took place at Warrington, but, no doubt owing to the intensely cold weather, the congregation was not a large one. The order of service set forth in the Prayer Book was gone through, commencing with the sermon which was preached by the Rector (Bev Canon Willis.) The rev. gentleman took for his text "And all that sat in council looking steadfastly on him saw his face as it had been the face of an angel. And he kneeled down and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not thia sin to their charge. And whea be bad said this he fell asleep." The Rector said that such was the appearance and such was the death of the first and greatest of the deacons— St. Stephen. He proceeded to recall the circumetances of the appointment alai death of St. Stephen and con- tinuing said that looking back for nearly two thousand years they could find that from that time to the present there had always been the order of deacon. The Rector now spoke upon the office and duties of the deacons and of the estimation in which they should be held by the people. am asked his hearers not to despise nor yet to flatter the deacons but to help them by kind appreciation of their efforts and also by prayer.—The candidates having been I presented by the Bishop the Litany was sung and was followed by a celebration of Holy Conainunion, tne ordination taking place after the reading of the Epistle. The following candidates were duly presented and ordained :—Rebert Henry Barclay, B A, Wadbam College, Oxford, licensed to Seaforth ; David. Rhys Jardei, of the London College of Divinity, St Johns's Hall, Highbury, Reprised to St Peter's, Warrington ; Frederic Herbert La Trobe, B A, of Owens College, Manchester, in Victoria University licensed to Sutton ; Harold Arthur Holt Lee, B A, of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, licensed to St Nsthaaiel's Windsor, West Derby. For the colonien under commission from the Archbishop of Canterbury; Gilbert Harding, of St Bonif ace Missionary College, Warminster.The Gospel was read by the Rev El A H. Lee newly appointed deacon. The Bishop er as attended by the examining chaplains, the Rev H G Gray, M A, Principal of Wycliffe Hall,Oxford (who presented the candidates;)and the Rev. Morley Stevenson,M;A,Principal of the Warrington Training College ; and the Rev H E H Protya, MA, domestic chaplin. The service was a very impressive one, the choir rendering the choral positiens most creditably. Mr F M Darby pre- sided at the organ. . . .

In the evening the Bishop preached to a large congre. gation from the words : " Watch ye and keep them 1

until ye weigh them at Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the Lord,' Ezra. viii. 23 After speaking:of I trio treasure which had been committed to the five dea- cons who had been ordained that thy, his lordohip said to-Jay it was equally true of every age that a storm was raging round the Word of God, but they need have no tsar of the result. As Bishop Westcott once well said, " The Bible wil. take care of itself." Tnis was not the first storm to which it had been exposed, and it would net he the last. Some present were old enough to reine:nber the terrible onslaught made Ilion the New Testament by a singularly gifted and in tt-llec tual set of German scholars. They would remember how the faith of men even in this land was staggered. Had the New Testarneut lost any of its power ? No, and Be of whom it spoke seemed to stand out before the eyes of men more real, and vivid, and clear, than ever He did before. The, New TesLa,ment had passed through , the tire and had lost nothing, and so it would be with Books of the Old Testament. It might he that on some , points they might have to alter preconceived notions which were not justified by the Word of God, but which were simply the creation of a pious imagination or of enthusiastic devotion ;but of this they might be quite sure, that when criticism had done its very worst, and had spoken its last words, the children who would come after them would own the Books of the 01,1 Testament as they owned the Books of the New Testament, as indeed the word of the livieg God. Allusion was made by his lordship to the dangers which lay before deacons, against , which they had to be on the watcb—inoonsistency, unreality, and indolence. It was inconsisteney which , ruined the influence of many a clergyman and lay worker. Chriitians were men who were watched, and if the world saw that they professed one thing with the lip and acted contrary in the life, they laughed at religion and the Maeter was scorned. Unreality took the heart out of their message,and to-day the Church of England was mouroiue because so comparatively tew men came forward an offered themselves for this hi, h office and holy work. Men told them that the cause Was that the payment was small, the truth was so uncer- tain, that worldly callings offered far higher induce- ments. He believed that God had scattered through t land hundreds of young men in the English Chore wham H,s voice was speaking, and whom His spirit was calling, and whet were waiting to have the way opened before them to the ministry. It was the duty of lay- men to look out good and fitting mon and do their beet to help them into the ministry, The Bishop alluded to the tact that one of the fiveldeacons was a towneman of their own, Mr Harding, who was going to Western .ss ustralia to carry the message of the Gospel.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARR!NGTON CABMAN'S DEATH

Collision with a Trolly Pole.

Mr Brighoure, county cvroner, conducted an inquiry in the Parade Room at the Police Station on Monday afternoon respecting the death of Sarnialf Bell, a cab- driver in Warrington for many yeare. On Saturday.the th inst, the deceased was driving a cab along Konts ford-road when the veaicle collided with an electric trolly pole. He was thrown to the ground and so badly injured that he died on the 19th inst., at the Infirmary to which piano he had been removed for treatment. Mr Browne appeared for Messrs Robert W Blackwell and Co, Ltd, the contractors for the erection of the trolley poles, Mr Stanley Wilsoo, deputy Town Clerk for the Corporation, and Mr Conncr for the relatives of the deceasei.

Sarah Bell, the widow of the deceased said her hus- band was 56 years of age and resided in Cairo-street. He came home at 11.30 p.m. on the Saturday in ques- tion bleedmg from a wound on the cheek. He appeared to be' stupefied and in a dazed condition." She asked him what was the matter with him, but he was unable to tell her. Be went to bed, but on the Sunday became worse. She sent for Dr Geary, who ordered the man's removal to the Infirmary, where he died at twenty minutes past ttiteN on Thursday last. . . . _

Richard Warburton, 'bus driver: said on Saturday, the 13th inst• he was driving towards Warrington along Knutsford-road when he passed deceased, who was driving a cab. While passing, deceased's cab caught a pole which had been recently erected for the new tram- way. There was no light on the pole although there were a number of other poles supplied with light. It was very dark at the time. In answer to the Coroner, Mr Browne stated that the poles were 40 yards apart. Witness said the deceased was on the near side, and there was a space of 9ft. be- tween the crolly pole and his side of the road. Be and deceased passed on the same side of the trolly pole. Two of the trolly poles had no lamps on at all. The near wheel of the cab caught the pole as far as witness could make out. The deceased could have come nearer to witness if he had liked. By Mr Coiaxoff : There was no one to direct the traffic or to point out danger. The Coroner : There was plenty of room to pass between the trolly pole and the parapet ?

Witness : Yes-, sir. The Coroner.: Where is the danger ?

„,_ Witness: We were bath passine at the time, and my 'bus would_take_the light from him.

James Ellis. of KuuCsford-road, said he was driving a 'lmo from Warrington to Latchford on the night in question when he saw that an accident had occurred. The deceased said that he had run into a pole which had no light on it, hut he did not appear to have been bort. Deceased went on witness's 'bus till they got to the terminus, whea he walked home.—By the Coroner : There would be danger if there was no light on the pole. There was no one about to see whether the lamps were kept lighted. There was a man higher .up the road to put thelamps en the poles at night. Henry Isherwood, in the employ of Messrs Blackwell and Company, said it was his duty :to clean the lamps, light them and put them on the poles. On the night in question he had not a lamp for every pole •, there were two short. He reported the matter to Mr \rouse, the representative of the firm. If the firm had supplied him with the lamps be would have put them up, but Mr %rouse said he could not find lamps. Mr BtOWLIE explained that the lamps were on their way from London and only came on Monday morning. Thl Coroner : If that is so that is a case for another Court, and it is not a question of criminal negligence. This is all we have to inquire into. Dr Mort, Ben., Rouse Surgeon at the Infirmary, gave evidence as to the cause of death.

_ William Vouse, a storekeeper in the service of Messrs Blackwell. said he came to Warrington before the trolly poles were, put up. Eleven were placed from the com- mencement of the widening of the road to Blackbear Bridge. T,.ey wanted 12 lamps, but could not get them from London. The lamps that were put on he got in Warrington. There were no danger lamps in Warring- ton. They were red 'danger lamps that had been ordered. Ile could only get plain white hurricane lamps. Be applied to Mr Ewarr. the tramways con- tractor, for lamps, but that gentleman hadn't one to spare. The danger lamps from London were the safes,. rho Coroner : If the lama Old been othere probably the accident would not have occurred,

Mr Brighouse then addressed the jury. and said be thought they were entitled to say that the se?.ident would not have ari.en if there had been a light on the Pole. and that any other question must be fought out elsewhere.

The jury were then left together to consider their verdict.

When the Coroner, witnesses, Szc., had been rc-ad- mitted, the Foreman said the jury were of opinion that the death was owina to an accident, but that it would not have occurred if there had been a lamp on this par- ticular pole.

EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT. TRATICAR WITHOUT A DRIVER

AT T. HELENS.

There was an extraordinary imsident, at St. Helens on Saturday night in connection with the Derbyshire-hill car, which stated for Parr shortly b4ore eleven o'clock The car was proceeding at a great pace down Bro ad Oak-road into Chancery-lane, when, one of the passengers desiring to alight, the conductor gave the signal to stop, but this was disregarde d. The conductor on going to the front piatfrui found that the driver had disappeared, and the car ;was gaining speed and dashing along the road, which is at the best narrow and som,- what dangerous for traffic. The passengers hs- ammo greatly alarmed, and jumped up for the purpose of getting off the car, and in the struggle several people sustained cuts and bruises about the head and fans. The canductar stopped the car as it was approaching the Free Library at Parr Stocks, and told the pasiengets that if they would sit Still he would take them on to the tramway depot,whers they could report what bad happened. This was accordingly done, and later the passengers were taken home on the car by another driver. The conductor stated that the driver, John Heather, was on the car when it started, and he could not toil what had become of him. He was perfectly sober. Early on Sunday morning the tramway company's officials had heard nothing further of Heather, hut during the day it ^rams- pired that he had been picked up in a numbed and un- conscious condition by two colliers, and taken into a house near Parr Church. When the poor man revived he stated that he had become exceedingly cold and his hands were numb, and when passing through one of the loops where the cars pass the jerk of the car threw him out on to the road, and he received injuries to the Mead and face, and was for some time stunned and unable to move. It is also stated that another of the tramway drivers collapsed on Saturday afternoon when starting his car in Church-street. TBUSS.—New washable waterproef is the most suitable for tropical climates ; it Is light, clean,coel, comfortable, and durable ; can be worn whilst bathing. WH ITH & WRIGH C surgical Instrument Makers, 93. Belisha w-street, opposite Top of Bold-street. birerool.—Adat.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR MONEY BACK

If Holroyd's Gravel PI,Is re not a positive cure for Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Gravel, Wind, Dropsy, Water Complaints, Gout, Kidney Disease, etc, Try one box Is. lid., all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, Cleckheaton, Yorks.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. THE only place some people have to go is back to work.

THE apparel of b proclaims the man to be what he is not.

DOING WELL.—" Is he a prosperous physician?" "I should say so. He manages to collect nearly half of what is owing to him. WIIEN he talks in his sleep it is about the only time a man can get his wife's absorbed, undivided attention. THE EXCEPTION.—She: "All the world loves a lover." Despairing Suitor: " Yes ; excepting the other fellow who loves the same girl." WHEN a bride wants to make the best of the old articles of trashy furniture handed down to her by her kin, she calls them "heirlooms." EXPERIENCE may be a good teacher, but she is a very slow one: when we have learnt her lessons we are ready to die. OFTEN So.—"What is investigation, Uncle Jim ?" " Investigarion Why, it is hunting up a let of blame and fixing it on somebody else." Miss CARRIE ONN : "Oh, there's Cholly Fitzin- hedd 1 And look, Nettie, just look at that ridicu- lous dog he has with him. What in the world does he drag that animal about for?" Nettie Guy: "Self-protection. People used to laugh at him, now they laugh at the dog." PROUD MOTHER "Oh, John, the baby can walk 1" Cruel Father "Good. He can walk himself to sleep at night, then." MAUD: "Why has Lilian giving up wearing rational costume? Did George object?" Ethel: "Oh, no; he said he approved of it, because it would prevent her attracting any other man's admiration."

COMFORTING. - Bridegroom: "I'm afraid we shall look so happy and contented that everyone will know we are just married." Best Man (con. solingly): " Don't worry, old fellow ; it will only be for a day or two, you know I" "THEY say a carrier pigeon will go further than any other bird," said the lodger, between mouth- fuls. "Well, I think I'll have to try one," said the landlady; "I notice a chicken doesn't go very far."

Mr.. MONEYBAGS (decisively): "My daughter is not the right age to get married." Mr. Hardupp (permissively): "I quite agree with you about that, and every year makes it worse, you know." A DEFINITION BY A SUFFERER.—" Pa," said the small boy with the inquiring mind, "what is an optimist" "An optimist," replied the sallow•faced parent, "is a man who never had dy.pensia." ONE ADVANTAGE.—" What is the use of looking for the North Pole?" "Why, after it is found it won't be necessary to send any more expeditioni to look for it."

SITOGNSTED.—Mr. J. : ." What would you sug- gest, doctor, for insomnia ?” Dr. Pillsbury : "I would suggest that you attempt to sit up with a patient and give him his medicine every hour for a few nights."

No bouar oir Ir.—Williamson: "Do you believe that hanging prevents murder?" Henderson: "Of course. Why, there have been lots of men who would have been killed if they hadn't been hanged." THE SAME BUT DIFFERENT.—Doctor: "Women, you know, are very subject to attacks of nervous prostration." Mr. Wicklow: "Don't men have it?" Doctor : "No ; men have irritability." . .

MOTH= (reading).: "An inventor h-as just patented a machine that will toss a man 500 feet into the air by simply touching a spring." Pretty Daughter: "Goodness gracious I Let me destroy that paper before papa gets hold of it." TliE MAIN POINT.—" It strikes me that 'Daily Humour' is a rather peculiar name for your new publication, Scribbler, and doesn't tend to inspire confidence." " Yes ; but just remember, my boy, how quickly a rumour gains circulation." TRIED AND TRUE.—Mother : "I gave each of you boys an orange. Charlie, you said you wouldn't eat yours till after dinner, and you, Jack, said the same. Have you deceived me?" Charlie: "No, mother; we didn't eat our own oranges. I ate Jack's and he ate mine."

A LOOPHOLE.—Papa : "Such a wedding as you want, my dear, will cost a heap of money." Daughter: "Then what is to be done, papa?" "You will have to be married without my consent."

" OPP WI"IM.—A miner was badly injured one night, and, on being taken to the infirmary, was told by the doctors that he must give up the ale he loved or lose his leg. Looking ruefully down at the injured member, he said—" If this 'ere wound can't stand a sup o' good yale, him and me must part company. Off wi 'im "A. : " WOMAN has undergone a great trans- formation of character in the last three hundred years." B.: "In what respect ? " A. : "Why, in those days of the Inquisition it was sometimes necessary to put her on the rack to compel her to divulge a secret 1" MERELY TEMPORARY.—" Milton Jiggs writes such lofty poems, and his conversation is so ordi- nary." "Well, when you see a man sitting on the top of a tall step-ladder, you don't fancy that he Sits up there all the time, do you?" "MR. A. : "I've got afad, too, don't you know. I collect old and rare violins, Come round and see them." Musician: "Do you play?" Mr. A. : "Bless you, no; not a note 1" Musician (enthusi- astically) : " I will come." " Yonre husband looks like a man of great self- control," remarked Mrs. Gadd to Mrs. Gabb. " Well, he hadn't much when I married him," re- plied Mrs. Gabb ; "but," she addod, with a cold. steel look in her grey eye, "he's getting it." "Bur you ought to forgive his pulling your nose. He was so intoxicated he didn't know what he was doing." "Didn't know what he was doing 7 Do you mean to tell me when a man hunts about for ten minutes until he finds tho tongs and pulls my nose with them, that he doee'nt know what he is doing ?" AN ATTRACTIVE PROSPECT.—The Cook (answer- ingradvertisement for help) : "I never wor-rnked in a flat before." The Maid (also answering advertisement) : "Don't you like the idea?" The Cook: "Oh, I'll thry it. They do be tellin' me yez can have fine ould rows wid de janitors."

ACCOMMODATING. --• Mr. Slimpurse : " Wha— what did your father say when you told him we were engaged to be married?" Miss Beauty: "He was most kind. He said if you would call for him to-morrow with a carriage—l think he said your carriage—he would go with you to look at any double-fronted house you think of buying for me to live in."

ENCOURAGING.—" Did I understand you to say that dress you admired so much to-day was a dream?" inquired Mr. Scroogely. "lee," answered his wife hopefully. "Well," he pro- ceeded very kindly, "you keep your mind on it when you go to sleep to-night, and maybe you will dream one ot your own." "THAT'S a very clever idea of yours, Miss Nellie." "What is a very clever idea' Mr. Dolley ?" " Wearing a big hat at the theatre and exasperating everybody in your rear until the curtain rises, and then relieving their anxiety by taking it off and placing it in your lap." Yes, I know; it is a good plan. It attracts attention both to my hat and to my hair."

ERVANT "Oh, miss, that Mr. Borem do be coming here again. There's no use him y'r not at home, fur he'll just push past me an' say he'll wait till yea do come back." Miss Beauti "Then for mercy's sake, tell him plainly that I'm engaged. Do it in such a way that he'll not try to stop." Servant: " Yis, mum." Mr. Borem (a minute later): "Is Miss Beauti at home?" Ser- vant: " Yis, sor, but she do be ingaged, an' the felly she's ingaged to do be waitin' in the parler fur yea wid a club." " FATHER," said the beautiful girl, "George Fitz-Montmorency will call on you to-day." The old gentleman started from his chair and brought his list down on the table with a violence that indicated great; indignation. "For three years," went on the fair girl, "Mr. Fitz-Montmorency has played forward in his football team." The old gentleman was about to bring his fist down again and swear, but he paused. "He is the champiou boxer of his college," went on the girl, "and he holds the intercollegiate championship for middle- weight wrestling." The old gentleman sank back into his chair. "He will ask for my hand," said the beauteous maiden. "He may have it," re- turned the old gentleman, with what sounded like a sigh.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHES I RAIL

CHRISTMAS SERVICES.

The number of Free Churches which 1 services on Christmas Day has increased of

years, and is increasing. We rejoice e:

at this, says a writer in the Free Cher Chronicle," for with Christmastide the hearts the people are peculiarly susceptible to ti appeals of the Gospel. Even the most worl, hardened men feel an unwonted kindliness al tenderness at this greatest and most joyo festival of the year. The case of Scrooge Dickens's Christmas Carol' contains an valuable lesson and suggestion to ministers the Gospel. Old Scrooge had been what' call a hard nail throughout the whole of ti year, but the gracious and. kindly influences the season had melted his hard old heart. WI can doubt that this was the time of g times when the Gospel of Christ might me easily have found entrance into his wither heart i'"

A " BOOMING " BOOK. Gipsy Smith's Autobiography; just publishei by the National Free Church Council, is enjoY ing a very great sale. The whole of the firs edition was Subscribed by the trade before th volume was ready. And as we write we learn tha' the second edition (the fourth thousand) also completely sold out. There is every hood that, with the exception of a few or. popular novels, this autobiography will be th book of the present publishing season. Gifis Smith has an interesting and romantic story t' tell, and by his missions to all parts of th country ho has won for himself an immeas and a very sympathetic public.

"UNCONSECRATED 7 OR "GENERAL." Those who heard Dr. Parker's famous Cronr well sermon will never forget the passage lei which he told of the account he had receive for the deepest grave he ever dug—an Bccollo, headed "'Unconsecrated Ground." The use 01 this term "unconsecrated" has always giv° great offence to Free Churchmen. A number of Free Church Councils have already secure the deletion of the word and the substitutiona " general " in its place, and many, others are pressing hard for this reform. Recently a col- respondent wrote to the British Weekly Or gesting that the Free Church Council shoula take the matter up. If the writer had made an thing like careful inquiry he would have discovered that the Free Church Council° had interested themselves in the subject lorg ago, and that where the reform has bee° obtained it has been almost invariabli through the instrumentality of the Councils. FLUTTERING THE DOVECOTS. Canon Henson, of Westminster Abbey, he,! created a great stir in the dovecots of the Chore.' of England. Fancy the doctrine of Apostchef Succession being denounced from the pulpit eo the Abbey! It is a staggering conception. this is what Canon Henson has beeivloing. has been saying what Nonconformists have b°ll, saying for a long time. Says the Cano,u "The doctrine of Apostolical Successo is based upon a foundation which crumblee at the touch of critical investigatiell If we could renounce that obstinatA fiction, we should at least have secured the external condition of Christian reunion. long as that barrier remains fraternity is a futile hope. The conception of a ministry succeedieg to the sacrificial functions, and perpetua.tnig: I the sacerdotal character of the Jewish priest' hood is utterly opposed to the apostolic coil' ception. The ministry of the Apostles was pre. eminently the ministry of the Word."

Acton Bridge—' 20, 535.1 2U. 8 litur and Hillho 7 15 8 5 a 925.' Birmingham ( 5. 2 5, 5 20. 7 20 illoadays eXCept4 Birmillgtlanl (NI 155,11 52. Sund Blackburn -5 lundays $ 43. a 5 Blackpool-5 2 17, 8 50, 9.40. isturaky. Bolton— 8 25. r 17, 920, Sunda: Carlisle-5 20, 35,954. a leaves Cheste..-7 1 19, 4 22,5 7,6 4 Collins Green— ' 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 2 Crewe—a2 58,, 20,7 20. n 34. '/Oepteel. bofl Daresbury-7 3 Sundays 844, ao Derby (Milan( 22,6 5,1152.6

when -required harlestod n-5 12 7, 1 15,2 35,3 Eun4ays.7 408 3E Fiddler's Perr 320 515,6 17,74 Frodslaam-7 3' 744 1014. Su (larston Wheal 5.2 10.4 C 5 1 9, 9 55, 11 22. 2 . usaturaays excel (3lasgow-5 20; leaves 2 10 on Holborne-5 45 9 55. Sunda s 8 Hough Green- -21Q,4 u,5 296 15, 9,31,11 22,2 39, 9 Irlam and CM I.lridftyB 8 45, 10 Latchford-F 5 9 be, 10 49. 12 36 9 27. Sundays 8 Liverpool (L. 9 25,10 55, 12 7 Sunday 35, 5,1 High Level Plat Liverpool (Fr( 11 63, 1 66. 3 20,( Liverpool (Oa 113, .2 10, 3 18 Sundays 4 30, 5 10 18, 10 20. 1( Liverpool at 50 is London A.L. 11 67, 1 6,2 O. 5 b),londays except London (Midis 55, bll 52. Sur bltondays Lynam (From 104912 36.1 14, Uundays 850. 3 31anchester (L 9 19, 925,10 4,41 7 17, a 5,9 20. 10 7 57 Train High „ Manchester (Ft 0, 958. 1049, tinda;-s 8.50, 3 bdanchester (CI 7065 11 '43,11 55 10,7 66, 8 13. °'ltidays 8 45, 9 100. a Saturday sloore-7 40,10

r4O 20 9 43,f 17 9 S Padgate-7 0. '2,710, Sl3, E Preston-5 20 150,6 26 7 17, 1 154. bleavea at Runcorn-7 AO

9-;;;;;•—(foi. Pe 10,2 58, 4 0, 5 2i 0.1122, 2 39, E

ly, cYLo 'days Sheffield Mid: I 55, .32 55,3 13,41 had Ihuredaya St Helens- -55, 2 3534 35.8 43 a 9 5. Southport (CS a 30, 0, 533 6 Saturday only. Thelwall-6 15 5 33, 4 11, 518, daturdays 01113 Widnes (Chesl 10, 2 58, 4 0. 5 !lays 9 0, 9 31, 2

'idnes ( It ar,

201-5-1" ail

Wigan-a7-2- 5 26. ` 59, 3 50,4 50, 5 , 35, 6 0, 3 54 .

Acton Bridge' 8 3J Sundays? f. Altcar and 1411 8 24, al Itcepted Birmingham 35 a.; 40 5 50.7 Birmingham 045,7 15,10 34 1 Blackburn-8 aril:Lamy*. 8 (:).2 lackpool (T 1 IF, 5 23 7 O,IC t Blackpool (C < 65,4 53 6 50. at 9 on oxturdt. Molton--6 66, 10,5 55, 8 355 a saturdays onl r . '4.garlisle—al2 42,2arylava Chester-7 2.t 4,60,5 10,5 15, 6 Cullina Greei t 10, 55. 4. 1.1 I.Ca,m. 7 15. P. Crewe-4 45. 45 640. 85 paresburv-3 7 21,am, 745 Derby-8 12' Bundays 1 25. liarlestown-1 12 43 3 43. 411 , o•Sundays E iddier's Vei tl 4. 6 2.664. 9 Frodshan-7 "undays 6 56. a. Ganda° (Che' 1Z 56 U. 3 2 GlaagGw-10 90.0 43 Sun.; Hough 0 16,S 21,6 4 9 10. tlrlam and C "lirlays 3059. lattchf ord. 2 0.1 55.422. b! 33,723. aSa' , Liverpool (2n: 71 0,50.1 5. 1. 3. 7 30,6 20. 6 30, Via Widnes .35.3 35 4 20. E 10.45, aSsturd.s Liver Pool (C 1 3; 9 35 10 3( .1; 23. 749 vu,ll 30 girrat a T,•endon (L r .12 0 Sondi -431140a(M1(11al 9.15 2215. 9"' t LYrnm—s 7, • 14,b5 33,5 E 9 - BatUrdaye OT Manchester b 2 1%1 5, 35 "Unday... 8 0, 2 Manchester *3 40, 55 5, 160 Vizaturdit3 ,ITlll"•thoster ZB. 10 20, 1( t r 6 .7 %._0.9 5,930.1, middlewlell- - 56 ,Newton-6 7.464u8n 5, da

tiklicer —7 I vp, a 43 4 35 "a. 3 37'. 5 7. qt-0411 A 1-8 ' :tordars on t Iloleng— .4 30 5 "5 t ponthoort— ' 9 5 10 0. Si ,ThOw4ll-1 4 2. 0 -9. 7 19. nqA .7fean—.6 3, "•-zjl_2_____s • 53

'lTltlining wt. 4bitNe. Re2o L., are, Elm

===== 0002601_19011227_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION CAMPAIGN.

The most absorbing topic, next to the W' in the coming session of Parliament will be education. The Government ha s definiteli pledged itself to the clericai party so bring in bill. It is, at the present momeni, impossible to forecast the details of the measure, but tile spirit of the Government's educational polid has been made abundantly manifest by the bill on the subject that they have already passea", a spirit of hostility to School Boards and el• subservience to clericalism and sectarianisol' The National Free Church Council has issued manifesto on the subject, declaring for gni- versal School Boards, no tampering with the Cowper Temple clause, the creation of on° local and directly responsible authority ill areas of sufficient size for all grades of education, the abolition of religion 4 tests in schools and training colleges provided or maintained by public funds, and; adequate representation of the public on the managil bodies of Voluntary Schools. The Free Chare' Councils have set themselves the task of cease- less inculcation of these views upon tli° people. , One Federation has arranged fer no fewer than one hundred meetings. tention is that the Government shall clearl)(4, understand, before the bill is introduced, is the Mind of the people on the matter. THE FIRST MAN IN .SCOTLAND. Principal Rainy, of Edinburgh, who is 11 almost universal consent the first man in Scati land, though ho is very little known south ee the Tweed, has promised to take part in tilt, annual meetings of the National Free CharcP Council at Bradford next March. Dr. R3jeol was the principal instrument of the nnktla which has recently been effected _ Letwee(-1 the Free Church of Scotland and the Unite,, Presbyterian Church. The combinel called the United Free Church, has a bership of nearly half a million, which nii“, it, relatively to the population of Scotland, 'Ol e far the strongest Nonconformist Corrimuniono the kingdom. Principal Rainy, .while he " been a very influential teacher of studen of does not possess many of the qualifications , a popular preacher. His fame rests mainly 0. his achievements as an ecclesiastical statesrelcl He is a man of unaffected simplicity' 3110 1; humility of character. His appearance tc,„ Bradford is anticipated with the keen9st ; rest. . REV. J. G: GREENHOUGH, ter 14 The popular Baptist preacher of Leices leo now on his way home. Ho was to We gr. Australia somewhere about December 10.• Greenhough has sent home a few intereslt'irt• letters about his experiences to the .f.llOO, Times, the official organ of the (-Lenora' , ea Mr. Greenhough's travels have been verY 'PI sant. He has been well received bY brethren at the Antipodes, and has bee. was to be expected, the prey of several viewers.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.. st . „ 16 English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade Itegilding a Sp44l4lltY' Large StO°o of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATiniEN B,LOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and eu,arge44 %.4011 Pages. JUST PUBLISHED. 4fge 4VI s, With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamP Imporhr of Girths. Stoek lots free on application. H. MORELL, 17 arid 18 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREETI BLOOMSBURY, LOSOOPI Warehouses : 11, 13 and 13, Nears Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : Rabbitry. 1441"3'

===== 0002601_19011227_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
AILWAY TIME T,BLE

WITS

which .ased of exceedi ree

he ble to nost wi ldliness lost joy Scrooge ins an

ninisters en what 'hole of I ifluences Lcart.

lie of

might is witht

is enl of the 1 , before 3 learn tousand)

)very a, few Ain be

m. Gil

:ic story Irts of

lons Cr passage ,d recer an accol ['lie use

A nuiV dy sec

stitution. others

ntly a Veekly .cil shol had -

7ould ha' 1 Coune ibject 1( has -

;ouncils-

Abbey, the Chi f A,

le pulpii

ption. ; have . ie cano

cruta estigal obstii )cured

r is a ful

rpetuati

ish prii stolic 3s was

o the nt will definii bring imp-

re. but the nal

by the F passet ds and

is isstled r for

:bority

pro Vi' adegt maw ee Cll of r

apon Mrtoa

1I c 1 cod, V.

a in south rt

he bets 1.."; e:1 ; a ich rnuni°" el. 110 stucleo4'f ; • oattelis 1/ -aainlY " ta'

!city - 0 ranee 1/ not int°-

iS ,icoster have "fP 10•• 3terestil:l 0 paptis Tainati' verY :„ by h." been, r 3ral ini

NOS.

rgeet t 0,41$ LalpS•

IN, W•C'

;,..-

EVERY WOMAN .end two stamps for our 32 page IlluBtratellßook ‘44llllng valuable Information how ail Irregularities and .ions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple Recommended by eminen Physicians, as the only S'lre. and Genuine Remedy,'Never fai.s. Thousands of Ur P. BLANCHARD, Dalston Lane, London.

WM& • which ,ased of '4 exceetT .. tar _c ree 13 he .ble to c .it nost tt 5,1 alliness Alai Ida; lost if 11- t Scrool., rtir ins an I 1 ainisters t en what 3 'hole of It, lfluence. Lcart. ale oi 20„ Wept alight Dare is witi. :unda; a (hen i plibii 2 ', :il, is et Bl 127 of the , befort ? 3 learn : tousand‘ 9. a 93atl wery GI a few 4 le- f Ain be in. a 2 10 :ic story 9_31 414 Irts of eundk 11 9 ! 9.. Li :RAL." 101.1 s C 6unda- Itigh passage la • LA- (7 rece: . an accc 1- rhe use vays .. -Liverpool A nun. la, dy sec : ilionda, •. r - • stitutior, „ 1„ others • 'DI) 7. 1 ntly a Veekly ' .i4anici ar : - , .cil sly' .: 1 ' : 7 ; had '7 t ;ould in. 6, 9 0. 1 Cour ibject ' re 10, IMF 7.., in . litua,, 10 louncilb, .. • Abbey tir the Ch 6 r a , f A IE3 pulp 6 : ption. '‘.4 a ,doing _ ; have Sato se Cat s 0, S Only 1 cru,,,- :estiga acid obsti ' Sr 141 , )cured ' 8:' Onion. risa ft 0 6atarday _ Thelwall-6: E 14 4 33, 4 11, 518 rpe-.. to g' ' %6aturdays on , Widnes (Che, risu pr - , 10, 2 58, 40. : oStOliC r 4Xya 90, 9 31' 2 Texty. .ls was e Widnes (L. a: 20, 5 15,6 17,1 , Wigan— 520. `.., 59. 3 50,4 50. 5 a O the : _ 'la will 78 Ti. dofin if ~ keton Bridge- ' 33 Sundays 755 bring t) Aiwa'. and 141111 le 8 24, alO 1 excepted. re. but e--1 Birmingham (L nal ci 35 a 4 40 5 50,7 25. • Birmingham (M by tht. 'lll t 45,7 15,10 34 11 25 -, 81ackburn-8 30,1 F passc • , %Dula". s 0,a2 2. 5 Is and ()'• , larkpool (Talbot tariat 0, . Is. 523 7 0,100. s ~, Blackpool (Contra LS iSs1.10(1 13' 4MA53 6 50, a 8 15 ✓ for 111' t.g3 on 6''t:rs(ls4-1P 40 E , olton-- . . with the 2 10,5 55, 8 35301.0 50. 0 wtturdays onl.r. n of A :;tga.rasie—al2 5, 6 4 :hority ill 4 42,Sundays 12 5 adr , Chester-7 25845 I 1.1 de! 6.50,5 10,5 15, 6 35, 73: roll, on,' eoliins Green-6 3,C. =,.,,,j t 1.0, 35,4. 1. 5 38. 6 . prOW.LI'. lea.M. 7 15.P.Ta • adec tate .erewe-4 45. 609 0,6 3D, . ; nia.r. 011 g _Daretburv-8 16, 10 1' Cl, ireb 4 21, a.m. 745 P.m• ee Dethy—;i3 12. 9 35. 10 :. of ase" Imatalays 125. 7 30, 6 23. the , llarleatown-6 58, 7 1 upon - 42 42 1 42, Z '3. 3 14. 5 e f 'r ,w-reil 412 clSandAvs 8 33.9 52,5 e .iddier's Ferry la Pe-di 'll'ilc lir "4. 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sun& ,•11 dl c !11, •,,. Vrodshara-7 55 9 1,15 231 n 13 dsys 6 56,a.m. 720 .1 .ce. it, %%4,3" Garston (Cheshir ine, :,.r. 256 2 1.1. 3 2, 4 49. 5 - 0.9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 40. 6 5 Vilit3gow—lo 0.2 0.2 1. 5( ~ Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 ''.oo i 5 11 41 9:10 42 Sundays 9 40. '7 na i 4,..0fr x liough Grepn-7 45. 810. - , I L soul- 0? '416, 5 21,5 7,7 11,7 33, r'l V. it in 016 4rlam and Cadishead (On ,6, ,reli Priedre 10 59. 6 53, 4 SO, 10 q.) ii, ustehtord 8 14, 8409 29 I )r. laillf , 0.1 55,422,, b 5 41. 67, 6 4'2 33,7 23. asaturdava only. he .ail ~ , Liverpool (yin Varlestrovnl- g, '1 050 1 5 130 3 0 450 5 Fetv-i3 73 • • • , • • . ' a a 0,9 W. 6 30, a Stondays onl, 10 t ii. -8 via 'Mettles (T,. a N 91 1011, 35,3 35 4 20. 5 23.6 5.8 30. an i 1.0,45. aiAttirdaV 4 only ; a O.OIIY ! Liverpool (Chet:hire Linetl— We 32 9 35 10 30, 11 15.1.1. "Alt ich ala- 8, 2 30. 241 35)) a rtn, 455 5 a bi , "t!,11 33 Sunovs 7. 1. 90. 2 30. .tid , f ' 3 Tondon (1, & N s'o-5 36 7 1 WV ' ' L.,11) 12 0 Sundays 10 0, 5 70. 12 e h( -11don(litidlan,11-5 15. 9010 9.15 /2 15. Son-EY's! 3 15,12 0, a Stlll . Lyren.„..s 7," 8 32, 9 14, 9 aati 54. • , 14,55 33.5 f 9. 641, 726. 9 33,11. I 'B'ttirdays only naturdays e7co nail 1 Ntartth„ter (L & N.-N7.)-7 t:L. 0, .2 10,1 5, 1 35 223. ti *Di- , 'tindstvq. 8 0;8 39, 79 O. 60. 10 iciti 6716- 2 112anchester (London-r0ac1....0 1-7n2i, ran gi4 3,50. b 5 5, b ~5 20, 65, 6 , 0 - ioo bet„rdar, excepted. aSator nOS g .r"rehester (Pheshire Ligov,3-1 4 nB. 10 30, 10 35. 11 30.1.2 30, 1.2 1 g 7,'2. 5 30, 6 30, 6 38. 730 8 30. '„„v 9 5.930 1040.4 4.0.2 0.6 5.6 35 8 ' middlevrich—S 48, 2 39 66. L•ie, Moore-6 56.96. 11 9.12 14,3 47.5 47eton-6 55.7 25 8 42. 9 8.9 99, 1 111 , 01 7,4 48 5 10,' 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 1C ,11 47 3 31 9 39,10 0. 3 4 %I . -undave . lte e° 2 Itii'llter —7 54, 8 28. 9 37. 10 2 e , le . 3 43, 4 35. 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 7 25, 8 ' „lOW kB,_ 3 37. 57, 9 24. all: ' az'neEll3l3-8 25, 1 15, 1 55, 6 55, a 3 5 : ler re: *V- , kturd,rs oniv. 2 Bri• !n,—Cl') 6 55;8 0, 8 2_3, 9 1 0; p...--. 4 . 35.6'4;7'90.5. 525,6 10. 6 Si. 725. 35. :ter g f1,./i-,tort —8 5. to 10.1.1 5.1.2 25. 1 E .V: '-9 6 100. Sundays. 90. g 0.8 0, ThAlwan_ g 10.8 36, 918, 9 58, 11 ,s "".. 2,a• 4 '2. 1,3 37. 6 3. 6 45, 7 31, 937, ..----•# ‘... 7 19. ~,I.tnr lays only. Ciatuni ty, 1 , 27. i4l---6 33, 8 1.5,9 2.6,a 9 '6, 10.0, i. •-•-____3_s_:_-___. 5252.22 11 3 . so3° 6ri 160 1 . Ell:1091d Li Zll'llnin 11-'truetlf i tlatioa‘ (wiles. c 1 it I 1 i

===== 0002601_19011227_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
DECEMBER. FRObd WABRINCITOB

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 23, 10 20, 12 6, 15, 55 535,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. sa.r and Hillhouse -7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25. a 3 30,a 40. 6 15, 1585 a 9 25.. Sun 'lays 9 31.2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 23 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 625, 5 20, 7 20. 2134. Sundays 258, 10 16, 4 5,11 35 Mondays excepted. bAonclays only Birmingnara (bdidland)-5 51, 70,9 58,11 55,12 55,3 7,5 22 55,11 52. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 4205 15 Thin Blackburn -5 45. 835. 958, 11 42. be 15. 4 50,6 26,8 50. lundays 843. a 5 35,6 o.a via Preston b 2 10 on Saturdays Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42, al 15, 3 50, 4 50.3 28, 17, 8 50, 9 40. Sundays 843, 3356 0. a leaves at 210 on

.urday. Bolton— 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 1 15, 332. 4 26, 6 43 1.7, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m..5 15, 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays .35,9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays Cheste:-7 if, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 1131,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.23 319, 422,5 7.6 4.7 44,10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 1.1 35, Collins Green-7 5. 85, 8 35, 10 10,12 7. 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25. 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe—a2 58,53 23, 7 10, 8 28. 9 45,10 23, 11. 57, 1 5.2 5 ,7 23. 11 34. Sundays 258, 10 154 5.11 35. aMondays lepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20, 3 15, 57, 84, 744, 10 14 itmdays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (331d15n8)-5.51,7 0 8 46.9 53,11 55.12 65, 37, 4 17 22,6 65,11 52. Sundays all 15 am, a 420 ,515 p.m as spot 'hen required Earlesto n-5 45. 75, 8 5.3 25,8 35, 9 25, 10 11.1050, 11 55 7, 115.2 35.3 40 3 50, 5 15, 33,7 2 " 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 Jundays.7 43 8 35,8 43.a.m.5 106 0,7 57,9 b p.m Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25. 9 45, 11 53,1 55 20 515, 6 17,7 41, 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40, 8 0. Frodsham-7 37,9 510 23. 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 4 22, 57, 6 4 44 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cbeshire Line3l-7 15, 757. 831.9 5, 10 6 12 0 5.2 10, 3C 529 7s. 851. 595. d 1025.11 39 Sunday , 955, 1122, 2 39. 7 10, 9 13. 10 18. dSaturdays only Jaaturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 57,11 42.11 55, alls 4 509 55.Sandays 957 leaves 210 on Saturday. Golberne-5 45, 7 5.8 36, 1055, 11 55, 1 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 14 ' 55. Sunda s 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 757. 8 31, 95. a 9 30, 105. 12 0, 15 10,4 0.5 296 15,7 5, 715,8 0.9 25,b 9 40.a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 31,11 22,2 39. 918. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted :lam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55. 82, 7 10:9 15 .4ndays 8 45, 10 14, 315. 515. 935. Latchtord—From Arpley Station-6 20.7 22. 80, 8 35, 90, 58, 1049. 1236. 1 14. a 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13, 78, a? 45, 27. Sundays 850, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa. 5La 5 255, 75, 85, 825 25,10 55, 12 7 2.35 340 5 15, 6 33, 7 8,740, 9 25,10 30. unday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From ugh Level Platform. ((Mondays excepted. bMon lays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform) —7 SO, 825, 10 1 53, 1. 55. 3 20,3 15,6 17,7 41, 9 Sundays 95. 2 40, 80 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 10 26, 12 0, .13, 2 10, 318, 40. 555. 85, 911. 10 3)411 20 1139. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 3. 9 55.1122,2 83,2 39. 7 10, 623, 9 18 18, 10 23. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to verpool at 50 minutes past true hour. Loudon aL. 84 N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10. 8 23. 9 45,10 20, 157, 15,2 0. 5 20, 11 34. unclays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, 11ondays excepted. anondays only. London (31i8150d)-5 51,8 46. 9 58. 11. 37.12 55, 3 14a, 5 22, 65, 511 58. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays Ily. 531ondays accepted. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0.9 55 49.1236, 1 14, a 2 23, 335, 4 11, 5 18. 613. 78, a 7 45. 9 27 andayss 50. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. 6: N.-W.) 545. 75. 85, 8 23, 8 35. 19, 9 25,10 4J,10 55,12 18. 2 23,135, 3 32, 4 26. 5 32, 64 3 17, 8 8,9 20. 103;'. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 411. 843 5 15, 60, 57 Ff.= High Level Plattorm. Manchester (From Arplev Station)— 617 7 22,? 57. 832 0, 9 3, 1049. 1 14, 3 13. 411. 613. 78, 9 27, 11 40 anda;•B 8 50, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 ; Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55, 98, 955 055 11 83,11 55, 12 55, 1 55,2 55, 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 4 551:3,7, 55, 315. 3 55,9 15, 955, alo C. all 15, bll 49, all 59 ludays 6 45, 9 37. 10 14 30, 3' 15.5 15, 118,5 059 25 935 0. a Saturdays only. bSaturdays exceptel.l Mdddlewich-7 40, 1(3 2). 2 55. 5 35.7 20. No Sunday trains Moore-7 40,10 20.12 5, 1 5,255.5 33, 723. Sundays 10 15

Newton-le-Willows- 83 10. 5 45.7 5.8 5, g 35.a9 19. 10 20 r 40, 10 55 11 55, 12 7.1.3 18,1 is. 2 59. 3 32. 3 50. 4 26, 4 15, 20, 6 43,1 17 9 20. 9 55.10 30. Sundays 3 10, 7 40, 8 43 a in 35 5 15, F. 0.7 67 9 54a via Kenyon Mondays excepted Ez:..dgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 1035,11 23, 12 30, 1 40,3 55 28, 7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 3 45. 10 14, 7 41,5 15. 935 Preston-5 20, 5 45. 8 35. 9 55, 11 43, 11 53, 51 15, 350 50,6 26 7 17, 8 50, 9 4009 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 54. bleavea at 210 cia S iturdays. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 AO, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1 55, 3 23. 515, 6 17. 7 41, lankey (for Fenketh)-7 15. 753.98. 10 5, 11 5. 12 0 1 5 J,2 58, 40, 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 35, 9 25. a 9 40 810 25, Sundays O. 1122, 2 39,8 CS, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted b3aturdays nly, cffi.oldays only. (CIA.) Sheffield (blid:and) via Walley and Dore Line-8 46 )0 55 55, az 55,3 13,4 17, 6 55. Sundays 9 37 a m 5 15,a ruesdays lad Thursdays only. St Helens-7 5, 85. ft 25. 1( .0, 10 55. all 53. 12 7 15, 2 35 3 40. 515, 633. 7 8.7 40. 926, 1033 Sundays 35,8 43 a 9 5. 2 40, 6 0.951 a via Widnes Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a? Al 11 2, 125 30, 80.5336 15,7 15,8 5,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855, a - only. all-615, 7 22,3 0.8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a3 23, aa, 411, 5 18, 613. 7 8,07 45,9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire LineB'l-7 56, 95 11.5, 115, 120, 15, 10, 2 55, 40, 5 29, 6 15.7 5,8 5. 025. a 9 40, blO 25. Sun- lays gO, g 31, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. Miturdays

Widnes( L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, lu 9, 1103,1 55, 20, 5 15,6 17, 7 45,9 48. Sundays, 95,240,80. Wigan— 5 20, 545, 75, 835, 9 56, 1555,11 50, 1 15. a 3 10 59,3 50,4 50.5 20. 625.7 17.850,9 40.9 t. 3u0i1y3,13 43. 35. 60. a 54. a 3aturdays only

TO WARRINGTON FROM. &don Bridge-6 30, 7 40. 852, 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 720 8 33 Sundays 755, am 4 42 p m. Ahem. and Hillhouse-11 24,12 44, 2 12, 42, 4 13, 5 55, 8 24, alO 17, Sundays 920, 2 21.8 22. aSaturdays eZc'Pted Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10550 720 9 17, 12 25. 2 35 a 4 405 50,7 25.5undays 3 10,1241. 7 0. aThureiays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42, 850 11 48. 2 23. 445.1 15,10 34 11 25, Sunday 415, am 40. 1525 p.m Blackburn-8 30,10 49, 1230,1 55, 347. 753 a,9 5, alo 15. S 0,a2 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston larogpool (Talbot Road) —B5, 8 45. 955. 1040. 11 40 1 40 IS. 5 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 2. 1 35 5 12, 7 37. B• lackpool (Central) —7 25, 8 25.8 57.10 0,10 21.11 25, 15, 4 55.4 53 6 50, a 8 15. Sundays 7 10. 115,4 57,8 25. a leave at 9 on ieatoreaye Bolton-5 55, 640 7 55, 835. 9 10, 10 25. 12 10, 25,4 15 10,5 55, 8 35,a 5050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 p.m a anturdays only. s.tarlisle—al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40. 4 22. 5 55, 6 42.Smulays 12 5 a.m., 2 0, 8 41.4550n.1,.01 excapted. , Chester-7 25.8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40.11. 40. 1. 55. 2 10, 3 0 ..50,5 10,5 55,6 35, 736,850,8 50,Sundaye 232,4 30.6 30,6 55 Collins Green-6 39. 79. 8 42. 10 23. 11 23, 1 33, a 2,0, 3 538, 6 23, 6 36.7 47, 9 6.10 46. Sunday

1.61.• ..m-Ti 15.P.m• Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30.8 13.9 24, 1116, 11 31, 2 2S, 3' 5 415 45 640, 85. 90. Sunday% 4 55. 710. 245 4 10. 920 Daresburv-8 16, 10 17. 11 is. 2 pz, 5 53. 8 48. Sundays 21,am, 7 45 p.D3• Derbv-;8 12. 935. 10 7.1 12, 3 32.4 0.4 47, 7 5 8 23 7,9 35, 9914d0y1 125. 7 30, 6 23. 6 55. alivlapt 410n,14y3. Rarleatown-6 58, 7 13, 846. 9 15, 945, 10 26, 1 2421 42. z '3. 314. 5 15. 5 52. 630 7 33, 8 8 9 20110 36 412 o.SundsTs 8 33.9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45,7 24a Saturday. ualy.. 7iddler's 'Ferry & Pe-sketh-7 12. 95. 9 45, 12 3, 2 9, 327 -4. 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 22.2 57. 52. 4Vrndsharn-7 55 91,10 1, 11 1, 2 31, 4 11, 536, 657. 831 ds-vs 6 56,a.m. 720 D.Tn• Garton (Chesbir Inesl-7 23. 7 54, 90. 1 50.10 48 12 n ,12 56 2 51, 32, 449. 6, 5 55, 6,1, 724 9 1 sp.iiv, 9..9 'laslZovi-I0 0.2 0.2 1. 555. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 5 50, 9 5.0 in I tiolborne-.-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 23 2, 41. 436 30 712 4▪ 950 42 Sundays 9 40. 75. , Rough Green-7 45. 8 10. 99. 103. 1055. 1.9 130 2 201 2 16, 5 21,6 7,7 11,7 33, 9 15. Sundays 823.9 23, 323 4 54, 4 4 9 10. 4tlam and. Cadishead (C.4..,%11-7 35 9 53.4 59,73 50. 11 27 Jtdays 10 59. 6 53. sS, 500.' Ustchtord 8 14, 840929 10 2 'll. 16, 1 20. al 45. 211 n 55.422. b 5 41. 67. 6 49,7 31.9 41 27. Snrtrlays 823 4.7 23. aSaturdave only. Bp....,nr(lacs excepte.i. , Liverpool (vin Varlestawnl-12. iS 0.7 51. 80. 8 35.925 41 0,50,1 5. 1 30, 30, 4 50. 5 35.7 5. R 25. 11 15. Sunday 30.9 20. 630, n ltorulavA bSa**urians only. Vis. 'Mettles (T., N W. 5-6 26, 8 21. 95, 9 50,12 25 125 2.35,3 35 4 20, 5 23.6 5.8 30. alo 45, sunda.:7s 7 35, 2 1 01 7 15 10,45. aisturdav s Only Liverpool (Cheshire VTI6O-5.21, 710. 7 41321, 8 37, 8 49 zg9 35 10 30. 11. 15.11 ..0.51 01. 11 51 12001.170 2 70 ,1 30 2 4 1 3,3 ' k 230. 2 4') 350 a An, 4545 30 36, .7 0 al 33 ernnrcrs 7;v01....... 59 105. 27301.20.601042250 562301,58, 321,185345,195.355 (L N u lz 0 Sundays 100. 530. 120. A -,ll4cm(Midland)-5 15. 90. 11 5.82 01 0 1 1 O. 5 0,6 45 -45 3215. SonAscs' 3 15, 12 0, aexcept. Monday% ▪ Lyrnm 7,532, g 14,9 54. 11 3, 111. al 37. 5. 250 !14,b5.-3-3.5 g. 641, 726. 33,11 19. Sunda s 8 15,2 23 715 - Qaturdays only 1/Sptunisva exnspte,l. 1 14411vheater (L & N.-W.)-7 45. 35. 8 30,9 59 40 10 45 821110,1 5, i 35. 2 40, 3 45. 4 0.0.5 19. 6 0, 7 5. 8 0, 9 20, 10 40 114avq. 80.8 30, 79 0, 60.10 40 alleheste.r 'l'.,ondon-roadl-7 25.750,9 85, 1035. 12 .351 5a 20, 65, 6 50, 855. 5045 Sundays' 7 Z 1 49 6,3stnrclaTs excepted. aSatnranTs onlv• 11.131.,*rehcster.(Phethlre Linco-1 45, 720. 8 30, 49 5' 933 4•I0 30, 1035. 1130.12 30, 12 50 130. 2 30, 330, 430. 530. 6.30, 638. 739 8 30. 8 35,11 0, 150. Sumilv 9 5.93 n 1,0.1 0.6 5.6 35 8 30,9 40. a Saturdays only kiddlewich. -5 48, 2 39 66. 56,96, 11 9,12 14.3475 0.7 1;.5r411Y5.8119. 4 58 ,"„ewton_3 55.7 25 3 42. 9 8.9 99, 10 9,10 22.11 8,18 40 1 58, 48 5 10,' 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 30. 8 09 15, 955 11 4, 47,8undays 3 31. 9 49,10 0. 3 43,7 20 11 52 riSaturdays

Kev-7 53, 8 28. 9 37, 10 80. 11 24, 12 AS, 1 41 3 43, d 35. 5 21.5 31, 6 22, 723, 86 9 32. Scalays. 837 ba 3 37 5 7, 9 24. ie!-"effi ---8 25,1 15,1 55.6 55, a 3 55. ;11.urdnrs mix% t • le.ionf,-8 20 6 58,.8 1 8 23, 9 0.11 in. 11 11 23 7 45, 35 "' 7.0, 5 25,6 10. 6 55, 725. 350 10 33, 4.lcut% y 50, 9 5. •..,n‘lti-irt —8 5. In 10.11 5.12 25, 1 53, 2 53. 3 55. 6 33 7 0 5 10 0. Sundays. 9 0. '% 0. 8 0, h.lgall_F 10.8 36. 918, 9 58, 1113 1 15. al 41. 29, i;)'' 4_ '2. 1,3 37. 6 3. 6 45, 7 31, 9 37, 11 23 Suniays. 8 19, • t 19, a . t artiy. b3Aturd ty4 uxcentoi. a 11 33, 6 15,9 36, 9 .6, 10 0,11. 22, 13 15, 1 a 5, 2 30 25 •51, 5 10. 7 5, 0 0. 11 3' •

Sundays, 8 10 6 10

===== 0002601_19011227_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

WA.RRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

Fixture for Season 1931-1932. FIRST TRANI. DLTE. CLUB. GROUND. 19)1. Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields 7 Batley 14 Bradford .... ..... .. ........... 21 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 25 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home postponed 23 Halifax away 5 3 3) St. Helens ...... . ....... Dec. 7 Batley away 0 10 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfielk, home 5 U 25 Leigh A"' home 26 Runcorn 28 Widnes 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home

4 Hull 11 Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Bangers home Feb. 1 Salford home /3 Huddersfield .... . away 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes Aar. 1 Salford 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cap Tie 23 Good Friday 24 South Shielcis 31 Wigan .. Aprils Wigan 12

19 Champions v Rest... ...... 26 Final Cup Tie

===== 0002601_19011227_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

DiTE. CLUB. GROUSD. 1901. Points For Ag at Sep.77 Hull . . away 6 8 14 Lcigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11 0 28 Warrington Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 3 14 Brighouse Rangers away 12 5 19 St. Helens 23 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lanes. 8 8 Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley . home 13 5 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire 13 3 Dec. 7 Huddersfield Al=l 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland In Cum. 14 0 21 Broughton Rangers 25 (Xmas Day) Brouuhton R home 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home 23 Salford home 1912. • Jan. 1 Hull home 4 Broughton Rangers

11 18 Lsigh away

_ 25 Hunslet . away Feb. 1 Oldham 8 Brighouse Hanger. 11 (Shrove fuesday) Halifax 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradfori 8 Salford 15 Cup Tie Leigh av sy 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Tie 12 Semi.final Cup Tie 19 -Champions V. Rest 25 Final Cup Tie

lANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

WIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 191. Points For Ag'et Sep. 7 Roohdale Hornets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 28 Altrincham hltne 28 0 act. 5 Morecambe away 7 0 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan L'26 Birkenhead holm, 16 7 TO Lancaio.iro r. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 Stockport sway 2 0 9 Barrow home 13 4 16 Altrincham 23 3) Millom home 7 2 Dec 7 Hull Kingston Hovers 14 Lancaster home 29 5 21 Lancaster away postponed 23 (Christmas Lay) 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 1902. Jan. 1 4 11 Barrow . away 11 Lanca, v. Cumberland, in Lancs. 18 Radcliffe 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Horliets 8 Wigan away

- 15 Morecanin. home 21 Mar. 1 8 St Retells home 15 Cap Tie. A3kaat 22 Cup Tie 29 Can Tie April 5 Cup Tie 12 Millorrt

ST. HELENS. D iTE. CLUB. GROUND. MI. Points For Age t Sep. 7 Wigan . away 2 8 14 Lancaster hme 4 0 21 Widnes home 2 5 2g Rochdale liornets away 9 2 Oct. 5 B arrow borne 3 7 12 Stacknart away 0 3 19 Runcorn home 0 2 26 Lancaster away 4 17 26 Lanes v Cheshire, In Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Raicliffe away 19 0 11 Warrington home 9 17 16 Birkenhead 25 Mill Om... away 8 6 31 Warrington away 5 11 Dec. 7 Badollffa , 14 Barrow away 5 7 21. Morecambe 25 (Chri.tmas Day) 25 Bank llotiday) 1 23 Wigan 1902. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 • Altrincham away , 11 Lanes. y Cumberland in Lancs. 15 titockport home Mar. 1 Morecambe home 8 Widnes away 15 22 Cup Tic. Hull Klopton R.... away

Cure of Couch, Chest, and Bronchial Disorders by DR. LOCoCIC'A POLMONIC WAFERS —From Mr. Mallett, Angel Inr,, Ault.. near Yarmouth:—' For upwards of four years I, suffered item a very bad cough, and soreness of the chest. I was frequently unable to turn myself in bed, but the Wafers never failed in affording me almost instant relief.' In Asthma, Consumption. Bronchitis, Coughs. Colds Rheu- matism. and all Hysterical and Nervous Complaints, instant relief and a rapid cure is given by the Wafers, which taste Pleasantly. Sold by all druggists at Is IL, 2s 9d., 4s, 6d-, and its per box.—Advt. (8).

LOULIIqF Xlll AND BIZEATET.--Thorongby cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prennts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 'es. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per 3ar for the Florilins "iPowder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— ildst

--VA-LUAELE 131(3,10VERY FOR THE if AIR,-1/ your hair it turning grey or white or falling off use. the MExsolg RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every ease, grey nr white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautlfnl, as we las promoting the growth. Price 3s 6d per botti B. A d To MOTtIEM.— 'qrs. Wins low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions at mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the r oorsufferer inamediatoly. It la.pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oniet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain and the little 'cherub awakes "as height as a button." Of all Coemists Is lid per bottle. .Advt. CLARKS'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and rains in the back. Free from Mercury. Ustablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendord through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland ,Counties DrugOompany Lincoln.— Advt. The Health and Vigor of an individual depends on the guantlity and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work there are thrown into the blood waste products. and if these be not eliminated but(through'any cases detained in the blood) they influence nutrition and funcsica and finally produce organic disease." " Humanitarian." In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Bezema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of won- derful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture sold everywhere, at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless mitations and substitutes.—Advt. (5).

===== 0002601_19011227_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

• WARRINOTON V. HUDDERSFIELD. One of the few matches played on Saturday was that at Wilderspool where Huddersfield and Warringtoot were en- gaged. The visitors arrived half an hour late and only upon taking a vote among the players was it dealded to play, the ground being very hard in some places. Huddersfield were without Driver (forward) and Burgess took Townson's place at half beak in the Warrington ranks, the latter not having fulfilled all the regulationsias regards work. There were about 3,000 spectators present. Mr Benton of Hunslet was the referee,and the teams lined out as follows Huddersfield: Beadyhough, full hack; L;Deere W Dew- hirst, Larard and Kitchen, three.guarters ; A Marslen and F Dowlairst, half-backs; Conley,E V Chambers.F H Chambers, Littlewood, Knight, Furness, ;Naylor and Sutclif a (captain), forwards. .

Warrington : Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son and Harris. three-quarters ; Allen and Burgess half backs; Boardman. Morrison, ICdmoudaon, Fell, Eden, Ash- ton, Taylor and J Swift. forwards. Sutcliffe started for Huddersfield with a light breeze in his favour and play was at once (wriest into Warrington quar- ters. Deere received a pass but was held, by Fish. Then Burgess broke away finely from the scrum, he and Fish running finely to the line, though the wing man was too much obstructed to get through. Huddersfield soon cleared. Kitchen running strongly into the home half where he was grassed by Hallam. Warrington attacked again. Burgess and Harris menacing the Huddersfield line. In tact the lat- ter would have scored but for taking the final pass forward. Warrington were showing the most attractive f o Abell, and Morrifion had hard lines in not leading to something tangible after a splendiairun. Good dribbling by Fell,Edmondson,acd Swift found Huddersfield napping. Dewhirst, however, just gathered the ball in time. Burgess put in some smart work, and almost got past. He now came under the censure of the touch judge, but after a long lecture by Mr Itenton.the referee, he was allowed to re-enter the field. A moment , later the same touch judge stopped the game in consequence of the rude remarks of the spectators.whom his really strange decision had irritated, and the referee had to threaten him with his displeasure. The game proceeded after the incident. and the play was chiefly at centre. Once more the referee had to warn the spectators, and it was perhaps fortunate the whistle blew soon afterwards for half-time, and the obnoxi- ous touch judge croased to the opposite side of the field. The score sheet was clear at the interval. Swift restarted and Warrington at once entered the visitors' half, Burgess brake away grandly and passed to Harris, who scored a minute from the start Fish landed a goal amid loud cheering. A brief visit was paid into the Warrington lhalf:by Huddersfield after this reverse, but Harris dashed uff, and got to the quarter flag, then Fish dribbled over the line, and would certainly have scored a try had he not been deliberately pulled back by Kitchen. ia penalty kick was awarded, but Hallam failed to get a goal. Play continued interesting, and Hudderafleld were playing into a very advantageous position, some dan- gerous passing movements being made byithe Yorkshire three quarters' A long attack was brought to a close by an 1113131.10- ces sful drop at goal. Huddersfield were however attacking again as they had a very fast Bet of threeqoarters, and Larard made a very dangerous dribble. Warrington only just savings try in the nick of time. A fine forward drloble came as a welcome relief to Warrington. and half way was reached. Burgess had a grand chance of opening out the game by the resulting scrimmage, but threw for ward and spoiled the chance. The home threequarters again showed up well and Harris was the means of again giving Warring' ton a distinct advantage. Later in the game Burgess was hurt,and had to leave ths. ficld,Fiah taking the half Sack.and Eden the three-quarters. He eventually resumed nod play was of an,even character..

Final.—Warrington, 5 points ; Huddersfield nil- RUNCORN V, BROUGHTON RANGERS.

The first meeting of these teams in the present season was fixed for Saturday at Runcorn, but owing to the severe frost which had set in the ground was unfit for play, and the match had to be cancelled. _

- SALFORD V SWiNToiv. Salford opened their new ground at Weaste on Saturday and played a match against Swinton. About 17,000 specta- tors were present. Both clubs played their strongest team and a vigorously contested game took place in which Salford managed to secure a lead in the later stages of the game] and kept it to the finish. The play on the whole Was very I disappointing, and neither sets of backs showed anything like their true form. In the first half Swinton had a little more of the play than Salford, and Davies and Morgan gave their three-quarters plenty of opportunifiss, but before they could get going properly the Salford three-quarters had nipped in aptl broke up their combination. The same kind of thing happened when Salford got possession. and the game ms rged into one of strung tackling and scrummages. When half-time arrived there was no score, and it was only towards the finish of the game that Lomas managed to drop a goal from his second attempt which won the match. Even after this reverse Swinton had a splendid opportunity to moss the Salford line, butlValentine threw It away by trying to break through himself itastead of passing out to biampson, who had no opposition. Although Swinton tried desperately to get on level terms they were not successful and the game ended ia a win for Salford by two points to nothing.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
HELL V. HUNSLET.

In this game at H—ull'atle;•hOtne-:id-e.'s clever tactics pnt them In a ,commanding position, Thompson scored, the place kick failing, and then Jacques kicked a penalty goal. Hunslet now gained some ground, and after smart passing Baggott scored. Goldthorpe cleared a strong forward rush. I and the play was evenly contested hereabouts. The Hull halves made gocd openings, but Hunalet's tackling was sure. Parry at length got over for Hull,but the try was disallowed. Half-time luii, five points ; Hunslet, three. After the interval Hull were the better team, but could meet with no success, safe tackling and long kicking keeping Hunslet's line intact. Franks started a flue movement which led to Hull scoring a try and goal. The play was then repeatedly under the Hunslet posts, but Goldthorpe at length effected temporary relief. Hambrecht made repeated strong bursts. Mitchell just clearing, and towards the close Hunslet's efforts were confined to keeping the score down, the result being ;—Htsil three goals and three tries (15 points) ; Hu:islet, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19011227_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPET!

TION.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
SUMMARY OF RESULTS.

G. T. P. G T. P• *Barrow RESULTS TO DATE.

For. Agst. P. 1717. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Widnes 14...14... 0... 0...27 40-174-.12 4- 36...28 Wigan 13...11... 2... 0..27 43-174...13 6- 44-23 Barrow 13.. 8... 3... 0-24 23-117...14 9- 55...16 *Stockport ll.. 7... 2... 2...15 17- 81... 5 1- 13...14 St Helene 11... 6... 5... 0...16 17- 83...12 11- 57 ..121 Birkenhead 12... 6... 6... 0...14 21- 97...14 2)- 88...12 Hull K.Rovers 7... 5... 1... 1... 9 12- 54... 5 3- 19...11 Millom 10... 5... 4... 1...18 25-111.. 1114- 61-111 Lancaster 15... 5... 9... 1...22 17- 95...17 23-103...11 Rochdale H'netslo... 3... 6... 1... 9 8- 42... 5 14- 52... 7 Morecambe 14. 2-11- 1- 9 16- 65...22 21-107... 5 *Aitrincham 14... 1...12... 1... 4 2 - 14...36 66-270... 1 *Radcliffe 12... 1...11... 0... 4 7- 29...33 55-231.- 0 . *Radcliffe, Altrincham, and Stockport have each had two points deducted for breach of rules. The Radcliffe v. Barrow match not being finished is not Included in the above table.

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON GUARDIAN "v. TRINITY,

On Trinity ground on Saturday. Ail interesting game resulted in a victory for Trinity by thrce goals to nil. The score would have been a much larger .mie but for the splendid saves of Monks. the "Guardian " custodian. WILDERSPOOL CENTR&L V " GUARDIAN' RESERVE. At Arpley. Final : Wilderopool Central, two goals ; Guardia.. Reserve, nil.

Lancashire League. RESULTS UP TO SATURDAY.

Goals

PM Won Lost Urn PoTA-id Pte Damen -... 0 . 0 ...23 ... 5 ...16 Barleatown 11 .6.. 3 ... 2 ...25 —lB ...14 Southport Central Wigan United lO ~ 5 . 4.. 1 ...12 ...10 —ll Stalybridge Rover's ...... (Thorley St Helens Town Barrow Rochdale Town 10 .. 4 . 4 . 2 ...17 ...I5 ...10 Workington lO 3 . 4 . 3 -.21 ...19 ... 9 Haycteck ll . 3 ... 6 ... 2 ...15 —l3 ... 8 Prescot ll . 2 . 6 .. 3 . 7 ...D ... 7 Bacup Warrington ll 1 . 8 . 2 .. 6 ...26 ... 4

HAYDOCY V. WARRIN(STON. This return match was played at Haydook on Saturday. The ground was coated with snow, and there,was only a poor

VEILS Direct from Paris ; Latest Novel- ties, 61. 9d. and 1/- each. - MADAME WILDER, 11. BIOUVIGO R Street,Bseston, liotts• 3Z2

6 PHONOGRAPHS, Graphophones,Gramoploones, e oflAv Zonophonee. Cash or instalments. Accessories • r- and Machine Parts. Records exchanged. Write for full particulars and IiStc—METEOPOLITAK TALKING ?dAcarNE Compsyr,lo6, lenner-atreet,Loadon,S.l3

===== 0002601_19011227_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 27 1901

attendance, the visitors being thirty minutes late, and only started play with nine men. Two 35's were agreed upon. Ditohfield started for Haydock, and Forsbaw ran the ball over the line. and Fielding was pulled up for offside. Harri- ll= ran down for the visitors, but Gleave kicked out. Bask tested Hobin with a grand shot, which the custodian cleared well following with another a minute later ; and Fielding missed a grand opportunity by shooting outside. The visitors could make no headway. and Fielding centring well. Banks scored for Haystock after twelve minutes' play. A second goal was scored for Hay- dock. Hobin really having no chance, Warrington then worked down, but shot past, but coming again forced a corner off Grime. Another player now appeared for War- rington, making ten. Raydock pressed again, and Robin saved grandly twice in Succession when apparently beaten. The viaitors' backs defended well. Play slowed down again, but just before the interval Haydock pressed again and For- skew scored a third goal for Hay:dock. Upon resuming, For- !haw tried to repeat his performance in the last minute of the lint half, but was however, given offside. Jones defended grandly, being ably assisted lay Hobin. These two players alone kept down the score. A complete bombardment was kept up on the visitors' goal. Almost every home player made an effort to score. Result :—Haydock, three ; War- rington, nil.

A STAGE DUEL

Results in a County Court Action for Injuries at Warrington.

At the Warrington County C.'.; net on Thursday, last werk before his Honour Jud go Bowen Rowlands. K.C., Anna Do Grev,an actress,broueht enaction against Marie Dagmar, proprietress of " A Life's Revenge" Company, for £5O, damages for personal injuries. Mr Browne appeared for the plaintiff, and defendant ',was repre- sented by Mr Glover. of Smethwick. Mr Browne:said plaintiff was engaged to take the part of Marcia Vittoria (a Red Angel) in "A Life's Revenge,'' a play which was presented at the Royal Court :Theatre, Warrington, during the week com- mencing September 30. The chief scene was one in which plaintiff and Miss Dagmar fought a duel with swords. On the first night the duel passed off ao well that the performers were recalled. Oh Tuesday night for some reason or other that they could not find out or imagine, the duel was a terrible affair. In the fight Miss Dagmar had to disarm the plait tiff, throw away her sword, take hold of the plaintiff by the throat and force her to her knees. On Tuesday night, instead of doing this, it was alleged that Miss Dagmar not only forced plaintiff to her knees, but pushed her head heck until it teuched the staee. Plaintiff called out " You to hurting tne,7 but defendant took no notice and con- tinued to shake her. She subsequently dragged plaintiff to her feet, and threw her forward, causing her to fall net the stage. Plaintiff felt vets' great pain internally, but she managed to get up again and re- sume her sword. She was, however, unable to con- thane the duel, as " eveilthiog around her was swimming," and she at length threw down her sword and fell on the sta.:T. The curtain was rung down, and there was uproarious applause, as the people thought it was good Wing, whereas it was acting in reality. The audience accorded a recall, but defendant refused to go on the stage with the plaintiff. Plaintiff was taken to her dressine room, but ultimately resumed h-r perform- ance* She suffered great pain during the night, but she again went through the duel scene on Wednes,lay. That night nothing extraordinary occurred, and plaintiff was complimented oa her acting by Miss Dagmar. Plaintiff also played or Thursday and Friday evenings, but on Friday she was taken ill, and Dr Peacocke had to be called in. Plaintiff was ill for a fortnighe, and had suffered great ag,oriy. Continuing Mr Browne said they all knew it woul'i be said that if an actress took a part, she took it with all he risks. Granted with all ordinary rills. But sup- osing an actress had to be shot at and the other person n a passion or otherwise put shot in the gun, that was not a risk she would undertake in signing the cent, ace for the engagement. So it was in this case Plaintiff en- gaged to go through the duel merle but en!), as it was played at the rehearsals and on Menday night. She nevereugaeed for the risk of being put on her knees and her head bent back till it bemped the floor. That risk was never dreamt of and the duel on Tuesday even- ing was fl most extraordinary and cruel thing. naPaintiff gave evidence in support of th'is statement. She said that during the first round of the duel defend- ant was talking to herself, and said that if She got hold of her (p'aintiff) she would put her down. She seemed to be in a great passion. In cross-,xamination plaintiff denied that on Moaday, Tuesday, Wednesday, andahursday evenings her fight- ing was "very feebly done." She was not " fighting the air." She did not complain to the stage manager of the affair. Mr Henry Houghton, a property man at the theatre corroborated. Dr Peacocke havingleiven evidence as to plaintiff's injuries the case was adjourned until Saturday, Janu- ary 9let.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

The Sale of Work at Fairfield Schools.

The children's sale of work in aid of the purchase of school furniture for Fairfield Schools was re-opened on Saturday afternoon by Mrs J Buckton. The room was prettily decorated and the stalls were well filled with useful and ornamental articles.—ln declaring the sale open, Mrs Buckton said that that effort on the part of the girls to help themselves was worthy of their warm support7and encouragement.. They heard a great deal now about free education, and she was inclined to think that parents were apt to forget their responsibili- ties sometimes and to leave the cost of the educa- tion of their children to others more :than they should do. She thought that the effort of the girls of the school and their parents for they of course were going to buy a great deal of what was there was most praiseworthy. The teachers from Miss Taylor downwards deserved the greatest praise, , Toey might say they had done quite enough in gaining such an excellent report from the Inspector but to this they had added their help in preparing that 03ale. Shel hoped the efforts of teachers and girls would be crowned with success and a very satisfactory result obtained.— The Rev AS Cameron movel a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs Buckton for bet kindness in coming and stated that Mrs Buckton was quite the most suitable person to open a sale of work at Fairfield, not only because she was so eloquent a:speak er,but also because Mr Buckton waQ quite the most im- portant person connected with the school, giving as treasurer a great deal of time and trouble to the work. The managers also wished to exprecs their appreciation of the enthusiasm and energy dis- played by Miss Taylor and her staff in working up the side cf work. The ditliculty of mainraininz Voluntary school.:in a state of efficiency was always great, but had others been es enthusiastic and as go-ahead as the teachers of the Fairfield Higher Grade Girls' school there never would have been any difficulty. The vote of thanks was carried with acclamation.—Mr. Buckton briefly responded —The total proceeds, which were in aid of the purchase of school furniture, amounted to S5O.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
T/lIJUE.c or t+onancLibners Bakers, Grocers, Drapers. k,c. Best value ever .44.14 F t tiered Write for List.—STOICES AND Hour, Leicester.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ULIN

===== 0002601_19011227_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
BUY ONLY LONDON WATCHES.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
, • , London TcHEs ..,} \ • ).` •^1 , Made . '

Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. The "BANK" and "LUIItiATE " are the Best Value made, and Excel all others at the price. In Silver Cases. In 18-et. Gold Cases. BE

NOTE:

r', N\ ~.;-)1 i i 1:* ‘. . .....,, , BENSON'S , POST FREE : In Silver Cases. ity . "ir , - ... . 5. 5 , •••--T.','.2.,'• - -a-...., ~,,,,,,;,. ~... il4._ 1 I ' I" • V • 1 \ • ~L -4 ' Marked, •-011 DER FOPM

,c,, 15 ..

===== 0002601_19011227_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER

"BANK"

J3EST LONDON MADE. Three-Quarter Plate ENGLISH' LEVER Chronometer Balance, fully Jewelled, Keyless action, Crystal Glass Cases, in Sterling Silver, £5, or in strong 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5. SELECTIONS OF WATCHtS OR JEWELLERY SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF REFERENCE. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELSICRY TAKEN IN ESTRANGE. WATCHES and JEWELLERY of all kinds sent Free at cur risk to all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable _ _ _

at G.P.O. RENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. ALP CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, " IMPERIAL " di SILVER PLATE, & CUTLERY. Post free.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
12.12

W. BENSON p op

THE STEAM FACTORY-

AND PARTICULARS OF "TEIE TIMES" SYSTEM POST FREE.

BEST. CHEAPEST. and STRONGEST. London made THREE-QUARTER PLATE English Lever Watch, Thirteen Jewels, Chronometer Balance, Patent Large Barrel and Damn and Dust Proof Ring Band, Massive Silver Cases with unbreakable Crystal Glass, double the Strength and Value of any other £5 6s. Watch. Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, £5 6s.:—No. 1, Gentlemen's (as Klustrated) ; No. 2, Working Men, Railway Men and Miners': No 1 Ladies'. In massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, Gentlemen's, £l2 12s. Ladies', ZiO Silver English Levers, London Made, from £3. 3.0 s

62 a 64, LUDGATE HILL, MK

===== 0002601_19011227_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S "LUDGATE"

WO Rl' S-2 A G tfi EN EA A ISOM.

..,-... .40.,......H ..._ ...„. ~.,..... ~,..„..9 ... et? , ' rr• - . -.‘ . ' I "1:.Z.. 'Vtaf -.,, , ~ i ..-% 4 - .4.:*... .),.: ,_ ~,,..... : • :%, . • ' --1).: PIL 4' ,

FOR ALL

===== 0002601_19011227_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind.

Weak Stomach, Im

aired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor Tames BEECHAM St. Helens, Lo.ncashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d, each, with full iliiection.s. Sold everywhere.

Ft'

LTD,

for II

akigue, Post Free.

;11IN CUAI

1* Carriage

reps otkprwise

a. 01,11.1-a AGE, Ltd., 1301413011 N, LOWDOPT,

1- 100i''.1,04t:1C.003CC

DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL :PILLS.

Are justly celebrated all over the wort d as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains the Back, Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy 0, other Deposits. Stone In the Bladder. Discharges. Diseases of ne Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. ltlany cOmpialuts. sup pos ad t'..) be nervous. otten arise solely from contamination ot the blood with certain impurities which should have b een carried off by the kidneys. livery package bears the Government stamp, with the words, °FALTER DR IiOOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her s.le.esty• s n. Commissioners. Price is. lid. and 2s. Pd. -A al\ 31,dirine Houses, or post free from Proprietor, o\\Ord llotze. 11, IfOrd-eallSre. Land,:m.

MANLY MEN!

ipon3avoar..,i.44:-.F...t;:dtgt,aOCSCOCer4OOCIC•ZO.r.SOOCCOOOOOOtSC4.2OOOII 1 FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, GOLF, RUNNING, 8 0 - and al? -11P0RT.39.6 RET.iiSrrrES may be obtained of 0 le, /PTA , . raTiri• 7ik:".'f'r Ar_2sBl:!___ 154, -ii,v.f ,: • " AN Agi';:ii Eilrlii 5 -,',...... %iliw= . %.071—.6.,...A.,...:L::...1,,....&.t•mt."471,1F....: i 9 Tim Cheapest, nest, and Most Liberal I-reuse in the Trade.

Why suff.r.• from pains and misery caused by Hervonsness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTIMOITY. Specimens of letters received, dud cvarnnteed genus " I cannot find words to express aw maa„,m am. I used to think I never would gec curet I wish I land seeo your advertisement at first. I should have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." I cave carrild out your Instamtions, and am now per fectiy well.—J.F." . Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamp.. 3. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Croat Russell Street, London, N'T.C, Send at onee and be cured. 121 Years Continuous Succeed

a „4. 0 I

===== 0002601_19011227_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6',

===== 0002601_19011227_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
B

===== 0002601_19011227_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPTON HOUSE, LIVERPOOL.

FATHER CHRISTMAS

IN THE ENCHANTED GROTTO.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE SPLENDID GROTTO PAEOEL, CRAMMED

wrrg JUVENILE TREASURES,

PRESENTED BY THE FAIRIES-GRATIS !

THE YULE-TIDE FAIR :-

50,000 ' 2d. Each to 333. 6J. All Sorts I and Siz-s. The Little Folks DOL4 I I Enchanted.

TOYS. 500,000 TOYS.

MECHANICAL, MUSICAL, MILITARY,

MAGNETIC. DOMESTIC, AGRICULTURAL.

IN ENDLESS VARIETY.

" PING - PONG, ' ABLE GAMES BILLIARDS, ani all the AND

N:ov el lie S. Never failing PASTIMES. I I Funds of Amusement.

MILLIONS OF XMAS CARDS . AND

NEW YEAR CALENDARS,

Including 'TWO WHOLESALE STOCKS at HALF

PRICES.

80,000 I PEICTt.UfRIESBi AdN.D SSTOcIrS ; ing Illustration 3 ; Interest BOOKS. I Inexhaustible.

SEVERAL TONS OF CUTLERY, At SPECIAL XMAS PRICES, including 390 :DOZEN TABLE 'KNIVES. 23., 11d. and 3s. ,93. .1 Doz. ; worth 43. lid. to 53. 11d.

25,000 I In STERLING SILVER I and ELECTROPLATE

ARTICLES I Lovely Designs: forming

EXQUISITE XMAS PRESENTS.

/79 r io I.I.4ARGE CRATES OF CHINA, EARTHENWARE, AND GLASS, INCLUDING THE FOLLOWING CHEAP SPECIAL LOTS :-

150 TEA SERVICES, 40 PIECES,

12s. 9d. the Set ; worth 253. 61

190 DiI‘TNER3 SERVICES, 54 PIECES,

325. 6cl, the Set ; worth 493. 61 190 pAIRS OF IV TASES;

BEAUTIFUL WARE; MANUFACTURER'S SAMPLE PIECES. Prices 101 d. to 23i 63. Each. 140 ;ENGLISH CILAS-S TASES, l_A - Sid. and 61d. Each: worth 101,3. to IL Oid.

200,000 FANCY

FOREIGN FANCY GOODS.

PRETTY ARTICLES for

ARTICLES

XMAS PRESENTS

===== 0002601_19011227_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
the TOILET AND HOUSE

DECORATION, LEATHER

GOODS, ART NEEDLE-

===== 0002601_19011227_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WORK, TRINKETS in

Gold, Silver, and Precious

Stones; PERFUMERY, &c.

AT SPECIAL XMAS CHARGES.

'THE COMPTON HOUSE HAMPERS

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS 1

FOR

THE HALF-GUINEA HAMPER. THE GUINEA HAMPER. INCOMPARABLE VALUE.

=I(MAS

1901:

A MANUFACTURER'S STOCK

X_ 3IAS NOVELTIES S 4,500 _ SANTA CLAUS STOCKINGS

3d. to ss. Each.

G,OOO FANCY CASES OF

CHOCOLATES.

id to 3s. 31 Each.

AND OTHER XMAS GOODS. MUCH TOO NUMEROUS TO MENTION.

VALUE THOUSANDS OF POUNDS.

COMPTON HOUSE, LIVBRETOL,

===== 0002601_19011227_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
•NommINIIIM'MIMIIMMI

U NN lOSITIES,

IJovs, like March, pram ozsen coma in aice lion and goes out like a lamb. _ _

Tins evil that men do lives after them; the good they publish while they live. Taz man who is slow and sure is bound to get there, even if he arrives too late. ONE trouble with pronounced views is that they are apt to be too frequently pronounced. BRAINWAVE : "He'll have to give up literture. „ Heartsurge : Health failing r Brainwave "No

—hair." TiE Bibulous Man (glancing in his mirror before retiring) : "That's the first time—(hic)—l ever knew I was twins." A CILEEE.FEL view of life depends on knowing which end of the telescope to look through on different occasions. IT may take a long time to teach your conscience that you can't be dictated to, but it can be done if you keep at it. Tire year 1400 is likely to be a period of much suffering. It isn't a leap year and nothing rhymes with it. A MAN never more sincerely congratulates him- self than when he realises that he has narrowly escaped making an ass of himself. A DAILY paper says there are fifty thousand muscles in an elephant's trunk. It was evidently packed by a woman. " I DON'T think Phil Graves will ever set the world on fire." "Oh, I don't know. He is an agent for a new make of oil stoves." Too INSECURE.—Maud: "Do yo. pin your faith on Charlie" Ethel: "I'm not satisfied with pinning—l want a good hard knot tied." WEEN the world allows you to attain a re- spectable mediocrity in anything, you may feel satisfied that you are being comparatively well treated. Now that there are women burglars, the average man will be even more careful than he has hitherto been to dress before he goes to see why the burglar- ziarm is ringing. EFFICACIOUS.—First Serenading Idiot: "What shall we sing to awaken her?" Second Serenading Idiot (brilliantly) : "We might try 'Sleep, my lady, sleep.'" A SURE Siker.—Funny : "I think it will interest her to near of Jack." Amy: " Decidedly ! I've heard her say that she never wanted his name niceiioried in her presence again." AN engaged girl never believes it if her friends tea her she is too good for the man concerned. Altsr marriage she is opera to conviction. As IT STOOD.—Mrs. Nagleigh "I suppose you are eatiefiea now that you made a mistake ween oa married ma." Mr. Nagleigh "I made tee mistake all right, but I'm not satisfied." IN Asiosnisat CLAS.3.—Jiggs : " Pshaw ! any man of ordinary intelligence ought to be able to sse that." Biggs : "That may be. But under- ,: and, sir, that I'm not a man of ordinary intelli• geitee." jUDGING THE MAN.—" They say Jobson has in'nerirsel a fortune." "That must be a mistake." "What makes you think so ? " "I saw him less then an hour ago, and he was perfectly sober." 7ce're. ONLY CHANCE.—Mrs. Peck : "Henry, I wish you would break yourself of the habit of talking In your sleep. It's very annoying." M. Peek "But, my dear, you surely wouldn't de- prive me of my only opportunity, would you ? " "I DON T believe in allowing domestics to get the upper hand. I make my servant keep 'ner place." "You are lucky. Ours never does for more trian three weeks." OR.LIANI;;ATION.—" I'm g-g-going home at once to mamma!" "My darling wife, what has hap- pened ?" "M -Mr. Jones w-won't buy Mrs. J-Jnnes the spring b-bonnet she wants, and the W-Wives' Union has ordered us all out on strike.

On I'm so unhappy I 800, boo I" BOBBY "Hurry up, mamma,'unch. is weedy." Mamma: "Oh, what a word! How do you spell 'unch ? " Bobby: "You don't spell 'uncit, mamma; you eat 'unch." TEA AND COFFEE.—May be removed from linen if it is soaked in warm water as soon after they have occurred as possible, and then soaped and rubbed. They will disappear at the next washing. To CLEAN DECANTERS.—The simplest means of cleauing a wine decanter is to put a handful of silver sand into it with a little water and well rinsed. HE.—" I do believe that some women go on the stage solely for the pleasure of taking a new name." She.—" I—sih—there must be an easier way than that I" "YOUR mamma's got awfully little hands, hasn't she, ,Jimmie?" How do you know?" "She shook hands with me yesterday." "Well, you never had 'em smack you!" " THEv tell me, Grimley, that your daughter sings with great expression." "Greatest expres- sion you ever saw. Her own mother can't recog- nise her face when she's singing." SHE "If it was necessary, and I were your wife, would you go through fire and water for me?" H": "Do you think it would be necessary?" She: "It might." He "Then I think you had better marry a fireman. Good evening !" "Do you believe in this talk about discovering a man's character from his handwriting?" "I do," replied Green, with a sigh. "Ever know of its being tried?" "Yes, and with fatal efficacy. The experiment is most successful when the hand- writing is read aloud in court. "I'M sorry, Mr. Timpany," said the leader of the brass band to the bass drummer, "but we shall havo to dispense with your services." " Why ? " " Way ! You ask me why! A man who has got so tat that he can no longer hit the middle of the drum asks me why!" 'l,Vinun : "Say, pa, didn't you tell me the other day that it was wrong to strike anyone smaller than yourself?" Pa "Yes, Willie, that's what I said.' Willie: "Well, I wish you'd write nri' teacher a note to that effect. I don't think he knows about it." DESPAIRING LOVER: "Bertha, have you nothing to say in answer to the letter I wrote you last Thursday? Da you know that all my future is bound up in your reply to that letter?" Fait: Maiden: "I haven't looked at it, Horace. Nexr Tuesday is my day for opening sealed proposals." ANXIOUS MOTHER: "My dear, it's perfectly abominable the way the men hug you at these dances. Now look at that couple coming this way. See how respectfully that gentleman treats the lad' he is dancing with. He holds her almost at arms' length." Daughter: "But, ma, they are married." Manzwit has never been in the habit of punish- ing his children, leaving that disb.,i,reeable duty to his wife, and the other day one of his numerous progeny became very unruly, and ha was obliged to say "Flora, if you don't keep quiet, I shall have to whip you." "Pooh 1" retorted the little three. year-old, with a contemptuous toss of her dainty head, "you isn't the mother." REVENGE.—Wife (from the window): "Well, I declare, John, I wouldn't spend time sprinkling the dust in our neighbour's backyard—especially when they are people who talk about us in the way they do." Husband: "That's all right, my dear; their pet poodle was washed this morning—now he's out there rolling in the mud. Trust your husband, my sweet, for thoughtfulness." Mr.. MUMPS (on the look-out for a suitable estab- lishment): "Here is a place advertised that. will just do for us." (Reads) " To let, fine business premises, with an area of 5,000 feet.'" Mrs. Mumps: "I will never consent to it, Mumps, never! An area of 5,000 feet! Why, my servant, girls would be able to harbour the whole of the Metropolitan police force. No, no ; no 5,000 feet areas for me." LADY OF THE House: "Listen, Charlotte. I am going to give a supper and a dance. Now, you will have to show what you can do, so as to keep up the credit of the establishment." Cook: "With pleasure, ma'am; but I can only dance the waltz and the polka. You will have to excuse me from the quadrilles." A WEATHER-BEATEN member of the tired frater- nity, who had lost a leg and had it replaced by a wooden substitute, stumped his way up the main street of a Lanarkshire village the other day, and paused at the door of the first likely-looking dwelling. Knocking at the door, which was opened by a brisk, businesslike housewife, tho man began his stereotyped whine: "If ye please, mum, 1 lost my leg—" And before he could un- fold another word of his tale the sharp retort came : " Aweel, ye didna lose it here 1" Alid bane went the door in his face. The GLI-SPET DISTILLERY, Situate in the finest Whisky- producing Di striat Of Scotland, is the property of W and A Gllbey. This Whisky is made entirely from home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in his Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to matere,and sold by Wand A Gilbey's agents in every town at 316 d per lannle. TABLE. FLOOR, and HANGING LAMPS of every iescriptlon.—J B CURLAND,lror.monger,wridge St,Adrt. MIST HOOTS vonALL.—UI4DRR THE CLOOR.—Ad ASK for CUNNINGHANCS HIGSS-CLAS3 MINERAL WATERS.—.Advt. ST AIMS'S A I CRYSTAL OIL, the best & safest lampoil.—J S. GABLAa D. 51 to 55 Brid bt, —Adrt

===== 0002601_19011227_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 27, 1901 LIBERAL WORKERS.

am concerned it never was my ambition to creep into parliament by methods of that kind. (Hear, hear.) If you had chosen to send me, trusting me to represent the best interests of the working class, and indeed all classes in the town I should have felt highly honoured, but on any other terms I would much rather not be chosen. (Hear, hear.) You are good enough to overlook those shortcomings and in spite of these great difficulties we polled within 26 of the record vote on our side. In that 1 say you did amazingly well, and it is chiefly the most intelligent and capable part of the working class that we have to thank for that result.t4Of the capitalists and large empolyers in our neighbourhood I am sorry to say, there are but few nostadays who give us a backing. It ought not to be so (hear, hear) ; it used not to be so once upon a time. (Hear, hear,) Lord Rosebery—(loud cheera)—has de- precated that condition of things which he has described as ranging all the" Haves" on one side and all the" Have nots " on the other. (Hear, hear.) Still if it is to be so here we must face the facts, and as things stand it seems to me the fortunes and the future of the Liberal Party in Warriugton are really in the bands of the elite of the working class themselves. We must face the situation, and if I may say so, with all respect, I think if you will soberly consider what these reforms ahead of us mean, noe to the lucky moneyed few but to the whole nation, these educational reforms,these practical and feasible temperance reforms this housing of the poor, and this allied question of the taxation ct land values—(cheers)—if you really con- sider the immense practical benefit that they mean to the workers of this country I don't think that as a great working class constituency Warrington will be satisfied to go on for ever taking what is done for us by hard working Liberals in other parts of the country, and fail to take part in the work themselves. (Cheers). - LORD ROSEBERY'S SPERM. . . _

I know we have been divided oci the; question of the , war. To a certain extent there have bran differences, , but these differencea have been chiefly in respect to past 1 events, and I do think within the last week there has been a very significant change in the political atmosphere, and there is no doubt the brilliant speech to which I had the pleasure ot listening at Chesterfield— (cheere)-13as helped very largely to clear the air and we are very much nearer unity than we have been for many a long day. (Laughter.) Let me mention Some of the main points on which we Liberals are all united. First of all we intend now, as we have intended from the first, te give our army all the baekine we can. (Hear, hear, and cheers ) We admire the way in whico our army has fought this wearing, trying, protracted struggle. %Yea:sympathise with them and we admire their courage, their tenacity and their work, (Cheers.) And I know lam speaking to every man here when I say that we know very well Tommy, Atkins is one of the best of good lellows—(cheers)—and he and our army as a whole have fought this fight with all the kindliness and all the chivalry that is worthy of English people— (claeers)—and I will add,with all rho humanity that has been possible in view of the policy it has been their duty to carry out. (Bear, heat). I think I speak for you all here when I say I know we consider one of several colossal blunders and fatal mictakes which this govern- ment has made has been their demand for unconditional surrender—(near, hea.ro—terms teat you or I in the same pcsition would never listen to, terms that ought never to have been named. (Hear, hear). After the capture of Bloemfontein and the fall of Pretoria when we had an opportunity to make terms, when these people were crestfallen 3nd beaten—but not des- perate—(hear,hear)—then was the time for a true state-- ma n a genuine diplomatist, to build the bridge over which a brave toe might • have climbed down. (Cheers). Then another point which you wll find emphatically laid down in Lord Posebery's speech he empbasises both the need for conceding large and liberal terms of amnesty when peace is made and his willingness to make terms. (Cheers). [paw negotiations can best he opened up is a question. But any man who looks to the future must see that for our own sake as well as for the sake of those ill-fated people it would be tar better, if possible, that terms to which they were an assenting party —(hear, bear)—terms based on the incorperation of these countries in the Empire—(hear, hear,)--should be made, than that the struggle should be fought to the bitter end and finally develop into a case of saigner an bianc. Well I think, therefore that al cf us, both those who accept Lord Rosebery's speech in toto and those who accept, if not all, the greater part of it will wel- come this speech of his. We welcome it on more grounds than one. In the first place the purport and tendency of the speech is in the main tbe highest possible tribute to the courage and sagacity with which in his respons- ible position Sir LI Carapbell-Bannerman—(cheem—has fought a most difficult battle for Liberal principles. (Applause). In the second place,and naturally following from this the speech makes for unity in our party, and most important of all,fcr peace in South Africa. (Cheers.) TUE LARGER PATRIOTISM. have only one more topic to mention before I sit down, and that is in reference to Lord Ressbery him- self. I for one think we owe him a considerable debt for a great achievement of bis during the last ten or twenty years. If he has done nothing else he has done a great deal in helping to spread the gospel of what I like Sc call the Lareor Patriotism. (Hear, bear, and cheers.) The opinion that obtains to-day was not always the average opinion of the country. There was a time when good friends of ours of tire Manchester School looked upon the development of self-government among our colonies as tending in the direction of separa- tam. And this opinion was be no means confined to this, that ;or the other section in polities, because you had that eminent statesman Lord Beaconsfield saying that the " Colonies were a millstone round cure neck to be got rid of" (" Oh, oh.") All that is changed now and among the many forces and men wbo have helped to bring about this change during the last two decides, I venture Is say there is; no one to whost the country owes more in that respect, yes, and from whom the country looks for more yaluatle public service, in the future than Lord Rosebery. (Cneers.) Thanks to the brilliant and gifted statesman we do appreciate I believe as a nation, the magnitude of the legacy and the heritage of this great Empire which has been handed down to Us whether as politicians to consolidate and to develop or as soldiers to strengthen and defend. (Cheers.) I was talking some time since to a very able man iu America, Bishop Potter, who had just, when I met him, returned from a tour round the world, and I asked him what had struck him most in that trip. Bishop Potter said, "What struck ma most is the way in which ene hundred thousand of yon English people are able to keep in order and to govern three hundred millions of Orientals in India and tilt! erkehdistto me, there is no parahel ory of the world, and all thing arellmtha for B ur suchm a b a" the world knows we govern these dumb nana„, not merely to this country's advantage, but to the advan- tage, of those poverty stricken countries themselves* (Hear, bear.) That is a stirring fact for us 'all to think of. (Cheers.) SANE IMPERIALISM.

There are prints in the now Imperialism with which I for one have no sympathy. Ido not like things like the Jameson Raid—(hear,hear and loud cries of 'No')— and I do not think—it you puG it on no higher ground. I do not think it is good policy for us to griand white- wash the chief authors of a }tali like that, still less to take them to our Universities and heap honours upon them. (Ilear, bear.) And I have no belief whatever in the New Brummagem diplomacy. (Rear, bear and laughter)—that preceded the war, neither hive I any sympathy with a good part of the government's nolicy that has been in force since the war unfortunately began, but,and this is an important point,' am not going to let them fasten upon me, and if I avore you I would not let them fasten on you eithev, that name of Little Englander because you take that view. (Applause.) We have as much pride in our Empire as any of them have, but all the same it is not Jmgoisrn. It is Imperial- ism, hut it is sane Imporialiam, Ind holding those views I for one think the country owes Lord Resebery 3 °Teat debt for the fine spirit with aihich be has developed these sentiments of a larger patlictisin throughout our nation. I think his return to ad.',ve politics has helped greatly to clear the ground, lane that we shall before very long see Liberals and Liberal imporialiga of all ranks working together fr the good of our common ' cause. I give you gentleman, " Success to that cause in Warrington" which I will coeple with the names of ' Councillor Tinnion and Councillor Evans. (Applause.) The tnaot %Val then drunk with enthusiasm.

PLAIN SPEAKING BY couzdiEticiiii—TlNNlON. Replying to the toast, Councillor Timms/ said :—Mr Crosfield and fellow-workers it the Liberal cause in Wartington.—Till I came into this room to-night I did not know that I should he expected to make a speech, and certainly did not think I should have the honour of replying to such an important Vast as the" Welfare of the Literal party in Warrington. "1 should like to thank Mr Crosfield on my own behalf, ind I am sure on your behalf also, for providing this excellent entertainment for the inner man as well as the intellectual entertain- ment we have bad this evening. I am exceedingly •pleaFrd and more than gratified at the fine meeting we have is this Hall, of the hard workers in the Liberal cause. When I first came here tc-night and saw the large number of men and the sort of roan they are, I only felt more surprised than ever I had before that we could not give a better account cf ourselves politically in WarricKfton. Gentlemen, the blame is not with you, I know where it is, and if I live very long we will have It altered,—(hear, hear,)—.iicl I trust to you to alter it. (Cheers.) It seems to me that it is a most unfortunate tiling that ws should have such pplendid material as we have lafte, and use I.; so badly. I have been called one of the leaders of the Liberal party in Warrington ; what I want to be called is one of the workers of tha Liberal Party in Warrington, and my advice to you is this. You hlve it in your power to say to those who are in charge of the forces of Liberalism in Warrington, •• Tots must make an alteration." We will never do what we should do if we disregard all the material we have in our handa,and go on in the haphazard manner that we bays dote in the past. Mr Croefield spoked the past,l want to speak of the future.lf I were youl should say to those called the leaders of the Liberal party in our town "If you are not prepared to take this matter in band and reorganize the whole of your machinery from beginning to:end, and start afresh, get

out of The way, and let somebody else have a try." (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19011227_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Supper at Parr Hall. Address by Mr. A. H. Crosfield.

Mr A. H. Crosfleld entertained at the Parr Hall, Warrington, on Saturday evening, some four hun- dred of those who most actively supported him at the last Parliamentary election in Warrington. The hall was gaily decorated with flags and bunt- ing. An excellent hot-pot supper was served by the Winmarleigh Café Compans to which full jus- tice was done.:Messrs Crostield's Brass Band played selections during supper. Amongst those present were Mr A H Crostield, Alderman Shaw Green, Councillors F R Roberts, William Roberts, Plump- ton, Tinnion, Peacocke, Ellison, Wilkinson, James Evans, Messrs T Birchall, J W Hayward, .T.P., William Furness, J Podmore, C Jackson Holmes, J Mountield, J Clayton (secretary.) After the removal of the cloth, several toasts were proposed and duly honoured.The proceedings throughout were of a most enthusiastic character and an interesting programme of music in various forms was much appreciated. The musical pro- gramme was as follows :—Song, " Mary of Argyle," Mr A Griffiths ; song, " True till death, Mr Berry ; trombone solo, "Village Blacksmith," Mr E Smith ; duet," Excelsior," Messrs W H Ireland and E Pearce; whistling solo,"Il Bacio," Mr W Whittaker; ventriloquial selections, Mr A Grounds ; Lancashire sketch, Mr E A Sanders ; selection " Here's health unto His Majesty," Apollo Male Voice Choir (con- ductor, Mr T 13rough); comic song, Mr Grounds. All the items were exceptionally well given, and credit is due to Mr W H Payton, Mus Bac, for arranging such an excellent programme. THE FIRST TOAST.

On rising after supper to propose the toast Mr CIIOSFIELD said: I have three toasts to give you and the first of the toasts is one that is received with heartfelt loyalty and satisfaction by English- men in every quarter of the Empire. You and I know very well that this heartfelt loyrlty to the English throne has been intensified and increased during the long reign and noble life of our late Sovereign. (Applause.) I think we have evidence, and good evidence too, of that loyalty in the acclamation and enthusiastic welcome with which the Prince and Princess of Wales were received during the memorable tour they have just am- pleted through tbe3Empire.(flear,hear.)l think that loyalty too is increased by the dignified urlsanity, the kind and genial disposition of our Sovereign himself,and I am quite sure that we all thoroughly appreciate and admire the way in which he has de- voted himself with all his' strength to the new responsibilities that have devaved upon him. Of Her Gracious Majesty the Queen, I will only say that Englishmen have always had a very warm Corner in their hearts for her ever since she first set :foot on Albion's isle. (Cheers). Gentlemen, it would be superfluous for me to enlarge further on this toast ; I give you the " Health of their Majesties the King and Queen." (Applause.) The toaA was received with musical honours.

"THE PRINCE AND PRINCESS OF \VALES."

Mr Coosimmo then proposed the toast of "The Prince and Princess of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family." lie said : I have already alluded to the tour of the Prince and Princess of Wales to so large a part of our Empire, and in this I think we have a striking example of the way in which our Royal Family recognise the'duties and responsi- bilities of their great position, (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, I give you " The health of the Prince and Princess of Wales and the rest of the Royal Family." (Applause.) MR CROSFIELD AND LORD ROSEBERY'S SPEECH.

THE. DIFFICULTIES OF THE LAST ELECTION. After some music, Mr CROSFIELD rose to:propose the next toast. Be said : The last two toas,tB 1 have given you were somewhat brief, I am afraid this will be a little longer. But first let me say, if you will not think it cracking up one's own wares or should I say blowing one's own trumpet— (laughter)—that lam exceedingly glad our works band are able to give us such first rate music as they have treated us to. (Hear, hear.) Also I think that last:solo on the trombonejvvas reallyfexce,fienb. (Hear, hear.) Well this third toast I have to pro- pose to you, and I do not think the evening would be complete without it, will cover more ground, ' and perhaps the spirit may move you to speak to , it in between the items of the musical entertain- ment which is provided for us. I dare say the I spirit will move you, because there is one charac- teristic common to all Englishmen and that is a slight tendency to loquacity after we have dined (Laughter.) I may say that is a trait that is common to the English speaking race, or as they prefer to say on the other side of the herring pond, to the Anglo Saxcn race and I heard an uncom- monly good story of it when in the states, which if net a chestnut to you all I would like to relate. One of the best American speakers, perhaps the best post-prandial speaker they have got, is a man who is well known to Us in England, I mean Mr Choate the American ambassador. (Hear, hear.) And there is another rival of his in the States who is said to run him pretty close as a wit, and whom I had the pleasure of meeting when in America, Mr Chauncey Depew. Well, Senator Depew is n very sharp man, and one day when he was filled with admiration of Mr Choate's readiness and wit he said, "Really Choate, you're a marvel. You are like one of those penny in the slot machines ; put a dinner in the slot and up comes a speech." (Laughter.) Mr Choate replied," Oh ! Well really Depew you're built the other way; in your case put, a speech in the slot and up comes the dinner.' (Loud laughter.) In thinking over the few remarks I have to make on politics to-night, I do trust that if I should bear any far off resemblance,—very far off.resemblance—(a laugh)—to either of these distinguished men it may be to the former rather than to the latter,because I should be very sorry to interfere wkh the internal economy of anybody here (more laughter) especially after our friends at the Winmarleigh Cat& have done so well for us. (Hear, hear.)

"SUCCESS TO THE LIBERAL PARTY IN WARRINGTON." The toast I have to propose to you is " Success to the Liberal Party in Warrngton." (Hear, hear). That toast is a prospective toast, but the first thing I want to say is decidedly of a retrospective character, because what I want to do first is to thank you very cordially and very sincerely for the remarkabl3 backing you gave me, anti the good work you did in the last election.— (Hear, hear—a voice : Only half a job,') I am only sorry we have pet Rot the three thousand three hundred electors, or as many of them as this place would hold here or I should have liked to take this op- portunity of thanking them also for the way in which they stuck to their colours at that most difficult time, certainly the most difficult time within my personal recollection. (Hear, hear.) Ido not want to detain you too long, but I should like to run over some of the main obstacles we had to contend against. I will tell you what I thick was in the first place in the minds of most of the electors ; most of them were saying to them- selves "Well the Government has got us into this mess and they must get us out of it." (Hear. hear. "Quite right.") Then the Government stated as an actual fact that the war was over and the constituencies tock the view that the peerle who had had the conduct of the war ought to negotiata the settlement. (Heir, hear.) I can assure you that vvas with us because I know that some of those Warrington Liberals who would have been with Us—and influential people too—on these very grounds withheld their support, and that I think Waff the main factor we bad to contend against. (Hear, hear, and cheers). Then the second point is the way they published from the house tops the announcement that every seat given to the Liberal party was a seat given to the Boers That is to say according to this not too scrupulotra Party cry, two- fifths it not three-seventt sof the English people voted against their country, an outrageous proposition— (bear, hear)—which comes the worse front those who complain of any speeches calculated to Rive encourage- ment to the enemy. (Hear, hear.) The third point against us, in the last election in which you took such a vigorous and capable part is this, our political machinery was not quite in as perfect order for working as we hope to EPA it. Our machinery must be got into better order. (Hear, hear, and cries, of " organisa- tion.") The fourth difficulty, if I may put it that way, which counted against you Was what I rsay call the personal equation. You cannot get rid of the personal equation, and I know very well if you bad a candidate able to devote his whole time to polities, with more leisure for it and more wealth and more political experience you would have made a much better fipbt. ("Po, no.") It is very good of you to say " No " in that way, but I am afraid the fact that business still takes up more than halt my time mustlhave handicapped you. (" No,tio ") Then I knew there is an impression that every soap pan is a gold mine. Well I wish it were. (Layghter.) I am sorry to say this is one of the many popular illu- sions—(laughter)—and it has therefore not teen possible for me to act ,in the friendly hints that are given in respect ta what is called

" NIINSIFG THE CONSTITIIENCY." I must say however, in passing that we have such a healthy growing bairo—(laughter)—that it is rather too large a child, I think, to rt (vire coddling—(bear, hear and laughtcr)—and speaking seriously so far as I

===== 0002601_19011227_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NEED FOR REORGANISLTION.

Mr. EROSFIELD said we bad jea7VerTi;oor candidate, the hest part of the whole show, gentlemen, is the candi- klate—(loud cheers)—and I hope the workers of the Liberal Party will no longer think it fair and honest to ask Mr Crosfield to give his services unless they are pre- pared to help and re-organize their material to the best advantage. There has beau misunderstanding,. but I believe gentlemen, the time has come in Warrington, as in the country to make a reckoning, the time to sweep away all the differences of the Liberal Party, and to come together and find some way and some means of doing our sham as loyal Britishers to help forward the van of progress, in this empire of England. Now, gentlemen, it will; net be done by talking, by you sitting here and shouting. (Hear, hear.) You leave all to start in your wards and do your duty there, and when it comes to re-organizatien you must have a say in the matter. A lot depends on you, and it will be your own fault if you don't insist on Me matter being taken in hand. lithe Liberal Party will come forward deter- mined to be thoroughly in earnest, the result will he such a political upheaval in ‘Varrington, that we will he able to say after the next election Warrington will e'ebe represented in Parliament by a good Liberal, and that Liberal Mr, Crosfield. (Loud cheers). , Now, gentlemen I should say a great deal more, but it is not my intention as there is a heavy programme to get through ; but I do say this starting as we have to- night when everybody seems to be of one mind, and we have been a happier family than we have been for some:time,let us begin now, If there is any individual in the way he must go. We are determined to have a Liberal party which shall be a Liberal party not in name only, but in reality. I am williog to work, and others are willing to work bard for our party here, and if you will ,do the 'same do your best for the Liberal cause, you will be doing rho greatest good for your town aad country. (Applause.) SPEECH BY COUNCILLOR EVANS. A HOME MADE CANDIDATE. Councillor EVANS said : I only want to supplement in a few words what Couneillor Timaion has said. I have been thinking to-night of some of the men now dead, win first announced the programme of Free Teals, which at anyrate has made this country what sae is. And as I looked at your faces I said to myself " Snrely the cld stamp of man has not died, and left us nothing to do." No gentlemen, there is plenty of work to be done, we have got to carry for ward the work they started, aid to make this country more prosperous and more happy than it was when we came into it. The old idea for politics of" Open your eyes and shut your mouth, and see what we will send you" ii dead. Men will think for themselves, they will not follow a leader, wherever he like. The politics of the 1863 election , are not the same as those of to-day. Now we have , innumerabielsectione to deal with, and I would like to see the Liberal Party so reorganised as to be wide enough and deep enough to take in all ranks of thinkers 'among Literals ; thew who think as Ido and also those who are a little advanced. The Liberal Party has been spoken of as a " fag-end " The Liberal party is going to play an important part in this country. (Loud cheers). I want tho Liberal party wide enouge to include all these sections fcr I believe they are a'l sincere in what they say and what they do. (Cheers). I regard this as the initiatory for the re- organisation of our party. (Loud cheer-). We have had several ohndidates come to us for elec• tion and they have 'been called " Carpet-Beg-men for said our Opponents they stayed with us only during election time. Bat now we have a candidate of our own reiping, Mr Croefield is home made, and if we do our work properly we will be represented in Parliament by our home made candidate. We have had candidates, too many candidates, to bring up. We don't want a candidate who has been brought up, we want a man who is saturated, and permeated with Liberalism for it is such men—men like Mr Crosfield, who working for Liberalism will make not merely Warrington bat Eng- land. (Loud

, COUNCILLOR PLUMPTON PROPOSES A TOAST. Councillor PLumvrori. then rose and proposed that they should drink jolly good health to Mr Arthur Grog- field. Mr Cresfield, be said, was not unknown to everyone present ; they bad looked for a candidate of their own making,and they had got one in Mr Croatiald, a man who would stand by them and whom they all admired for his pluck. They must admire the zourage with which he had fought the last election ; fighting hard at a time when he knew he had not the slightest chance of winning. He was pleased Mr Crag. field had heard Lord Rosebery's speech at Chesterfield. He believed that that speech would do more towards uniting the Liberal party than any speech in his time. As had been said that night there was much work to be done in Warrington for the Liberal cause. Every man must work in hie ward, and not only work himself but use his influence to induce other men to work also, for the Liberal interest, and he believed if they did that, after the neat election Mr Crosfield would be their representative,

MR. WILLETT SPEAKS. Mr WILLETT, in seconding the health of Mr Crosfield, said the question had been thrown out how could they work to return Mr Crosfield. If they meant to do that, if they meant the Liberal party to have aay real atrength lin Warrington they must re-lrganitio themselves. Mr Crosfield was a good Liberal who had the best interests of the working clue at heart, and he knew from con- versations he had with him he was the man for the working men of Warrington and they must put him in Parliament to represent them, and he was sure that if every man would do his 'duty they would have him returned at the next election. He bad very great plea- sure in seconding Mr Crosfield's health, which was drunk amid much enthusiasm and the singing of'• He's a jolly good fellow."

MR. CROSFIELD REPLIES. In replying Mr Crosfield said : I really do not know how to thank you for your kindness. It just puts the finishing touch to what so far as I am concerned has been a very jolly evening, (Cries of" For Us all ") and I think for that our thanks are chiefly due to the artistes who have given us this delightful programme. (Cheers.) We have appreciated their skill, enjoyed their music and we thank them all. (Cheers). Last, but not least we are indebted to the gentleman who has brought our artistic friends togetlser to give us this treat.l have often benefited myself by the sound level beaded common pense as I have appreciated the cheerful tact of my old friend Councillor F R Roberts.(Elear, hear.)But to-night we are all, as I am sure you will agr6o with me, greatly indebted to him for such a pleasant evening. (Cheers.) The proceedings then terminated with the singing of the Naticnal Anthem led oy the band from Messrs. Cresfield's works.

EARLESTOWN & NEWTON TEMPERANCE CRUSADE AT EARLESTOWN. The meetings held in connection with this crus- ade were continued on Friday and Saturday even- ings, but the very inclement weather interfered largely with the attendance. The crusade was brought to a close on Sunday evening by a meet- ing in the Wesleyan Chapel after the usual service, There was a very large attendance over which the Rev E C Bocock presided. A powerful address was given by Mr Tomlinson, the Missioner, which was listened to with rapt attention by those present

===== 0002601_19011227_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
MR S WOODS AND THE NEWTON DIVISION.

A meeting of Labour leaders was held on Mon- day night at Haydock in support of the candidature of Mr Sam Woods for the Newton Division of South-west Lancashire. Mr Twist proposed a resolution expressing the opinion that Mr Woods was a fit and proper person to represent the cause of Labour in Parliament, and promising to use every effort to secure his return irrespective of party or creed.—Mr Reed seconded the rtsolution, which was unanimously carried.—Mr Sam Woods said he had just Coale from a meeting at Garswood where similar reaolutions had been Passed. Hitherto be had always stood a; a Labour-Liberal canditure, because it was no use having three-cornered fights; but while there was no one else in the field he had a porfect right to come out as he did. Nobody could dispute his sympathies with the working classes. Under the new arrangement of the Miners' Federation he came out as a Labour candidate, and he had been largely promised the support of the Cons3rvative working men. He was deter- mined to press forward his candidature in the terms of the resolution, and if they would only work together, and get all ideas of sections and fads out of their minds, and with a good register and organization they would win the division.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Presentation to Active Service Volun-

teers at Runcorn.

I A most interesting gatheving was held on Monday evening at the Runcorn Drill Hall, the occasion being the presentation to Privates Chadwick and Timmis, I Active service volunteers, of the South African war I medal and the silver watch and chain subscribed by the townsfolk. The inclement weather interfered with the attendance but the spirit of the audience indicated that feeling stilt ran high with the patriotism shown by the volunteers. Mr R a Posnett, chairman of the Urban Council, occupied the chair and he was supported by Captain Ashton and Captain Timmins. In • few well- chosen words Captain Ashton presented the recipients with the war medals amidst a burst of applaule,remark- ing that they had been sent to him from Chester. He wished that the honour had fallen into more capable hands.He was proud ofthe men and hoped they wouldlibe successful in their future careers.—Mr Ii H Posnett, as representing the inhabitants of Runcorn also struck a happy vein when he said that the time for words was over. They wanted deeds not words in order to finish the war sobich was costing so much blood and treasure He was genuinely pleased to present the watches to Privates Chadwick and Timmins.—Votes of thanks con- cluded a meeting btimful of patriotic feryour.

===== 0002601_19011227_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS RUGBY FOOTBALL.

• By." Ovalist."

_ One of the few matches played last Saturday was the one at Wilderspool between Warrington and Huddersfield. The whole country was frost bound and play was possible on very few football grounds. Only three fixtures under the Northern League were ful- filled, the other two being at Salford and Hull, where the grounds had been carefully pro- tected against the frost. At Warrington there had been no protection at all beyond nature's bounteous covering of thick turf, and it was rather remarkable that play: was at all possible. With the exception of a patch in the centre the surface still had plenty of spring in it and the home team were all anxious for play. Huddersfield arrived half-an-hour late and were for sometime doubtful about playing on the frozen surface but eventually they decided by a majority of the players to risk life, limb, and points.

There was net a very large crowd, many, of the usual enthusiasts concluding that as there *lta skating at various places there could hardly be football at Wilderspool. Still there would be between 3,000 and 4,000 present, which was not bad considering all the circumstances. Both sides were well represented and a fast game was witnessed. Huddersfield are one of the few Yorkshire teams which go in for quick passing, and in their style of play they much resembled War- irington. The homesters were rather the more adept in the art of combination and in the first half they had very hard luck on• at least two occasions in not scoring. Fish and Harris both got within jumping distance of the line, but were not allowed to jump. Huddersfield also made some good runs but up to the interval there had been no score.

Starting the second half with great dash Warrington soon got well into the visitors' half. Burgess broke clear away from a scrimmage at the 25 line and running to the line passed to Harris who scored easily near the posts. Fish landed a goal amid cheers from the pleased partisans of the home club. From now to the close it was a fairly level struggle, the Fartowners making several gallant attempts to get through, Deere and Kitchen both being stopped near the line. War- rington should also have had another try as Fish dribbled over and was deliberately held back with the line at his mercy. The referee, Mr. Renton, only awarded a penalty kick, which came to naught. War- rington maintained their lead of 5 points to the close.

Hallam deserves most praise on the winning side, for he played a really fine game right through, his vis a-vis Readyhough being little inferior. Isherwood and , Harris, Allen and Burgess also did well. Dickenson and Fish were hardly at their best, but running was certainly a matter of some difficulty on the frozen turf. I must also compliment the Warrington forwards on a vastly improved display. Deere was the most dangerous man in the Huddersfield team, but lie was well looked after by Fish. At three-quarter Hudders- field should give a good account of themselves before the season closes. They possess a fast quartette in Deere, Dewhirst, Larard and Kitchen. The halves are only moderate.

The Christmas Day match was to a great extent spoiled by the weather, which was of the vilest description during the morning and none too pleasant afterwards. Water had settled on the ground in huge pools, and football was often farcical in the extreme. It greatly pleased the crowd to see some unfortunate individual in shirt and pants go sailing through the muddy mixture after a vigorous tackle. Both Leigh and Warrington began rather gingerly, but when once they warmed to their work the mud was forgotten and football earnestly played under difficultifs. Warring- ton were soon seen to be the best side and by smart play had credited themselves with a goal and a try to a goal at halftime. Another try was put on in the second half and Leigh failing to score again were beaten by 8 points to 2 points.

The game was by no means uninteresting to watch. Apart from the laughable incidents associated with it, there was plently of good football shown,though every- thing was against combined movements. Every inch of the ground was well contested, and Warrington deservedly had the advantage as a general thing. Burgess played a magnificent game and had a hand in every point scored. He began by outwitting the Leigh halves and giving Harris a chance which the speedy right wing made the most of. Then he dropped a goal in response to one from the foot of Dunbavin, while in the second half he scored a try with a fine single-handed effort. All the time he worked—and looked—like a nigger, and must be con- gratulated on one of the finest displays he has yet given. Townson gave him capable assistance and filled Allen's place with credit. It was thought that Isher- wood would be badly missed, but Hockenhall rose to to the occasion and did very well in the centre position. Hallam wee again tip top and saved Warrineton on many an occasion when a score looked probable. fielding of the wet ball was remarkably fine.

Leigh were quite the inferior side, their combination contrasting. poorly with Warrington's. Dunbavin was the best of the lot, and did a lot of very fine work for his side, while Davies and Kight, the two wings, were next in the order of merit. Forward the teams were well-matched, Warrington quite holding their own against a heavier eight. Altogether the result of the game was very satisfactory to Warrington people, for a rather severe defeat at Leigh was avenged.

Warrington's triumph over Runcorn on Thursday was a source of ecstatic joy to thousands of their sup- porters. That they might win was generally admitted. but the great majority of the 1500 people who followed them hoped for rather than expected such a result,even though the Linnets had had the worst of an encounter with tVidnes the previous day. An immense crowd assembled, the match being the only one in the dis- trict, and I am glad the coffers of the Runcorn club were so well replenished. There must have been 7,000 people round the enclosure at the lowest estimate, and their sympathies appeared to be evenly distributed, judging by the enthusiastic cheers each side got when schue exceptional tit-bit was provided.

I must repeat what has been said before this season. Runcorn are not the Runcorn of old. The defence is as solid as ever, but the attack has woefully diminished in efficiency. The Linnets have changed their style of play to their own disadvantage. Formerly the bicks used to combine with!beautiful accuracy, and supple- ment the work of the forwards by scoring tries. Now i they appear to think that kicking s better than passing and as a result a passing run is seldom seen, and the ultimate outcome is failure. Kick and rush is old- fashioned and well nigh obsolete, and I really am sur- prised to see Runcorn resorting to such a poor style oi play. They have the material for better things, and if they desire to win they must play scientific football the football they used to be famed for.

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES OF TB.E BLOOD. CLEANSES the system from all impurities, CURES PIMPLE 4 ON THE FACE. CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES. TESTIMONIAL. Messrs. BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the eftleiency or your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered from a Iliad leg and dropsy for some lime, and had been In the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comnarison to others led me to give It a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy. that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do. (Sigv ed) G. P. SOLOMON. PRICES is. AND Is. 9.1. PER BOTTLE. SULPHUR TABLETS CONTAIN ALL THE VIRTUES OF THAT OLD FASHIONED REMEDY. PRICES 6n. AND 11n. PER BOX. Containing double the quantity usually sold. COMPOUND SARSAPARILLA PACKETS, Composed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, iallaiaCUM Wood, Xezereon Boot, Licorice, to. 8n PER PACKET. Makes one qu rt. Full directions enclosed. BOOTS VARNISH STAINS. Give a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany. etc. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one opamtion. Usual 6d Ain for 4d.,is size for 81., 2s 6d size for is 5i per bottle. FURNITURE CREAM. Gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogar2y and French-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks. 6d bottle for 41, is. bottle for 7d. BRUNSWICK BLACK.

Will make Ironwork of the cornm—o-n-eTt *kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine of patent leather boots does to a well dressed women. 63. size for 4d.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT. A. used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Delora tors. Has the original brightness, of G,ld, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, Is. bottle for Md. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTO N. 6. BRIDGE-STREET

===== 0002601_19011227_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
tetter4 to the itor. N.S.P.C.C. Work. Dear sir,—Allow me through the medium of your columns to acknowledge with many thanks the gifts of cast off clothing received from various friends durinc7 the past few weeks. Our inspector is continually meeting with children suffering through being insufficiently clothed and though our work is to bring the parents to ik sense of their res- ponsibility the present sufferings of the children demand immediate relief which such gifts enable us to apply. Eloping that during the cold weather otters will send any clothing they may have to give. I ma yours truly, A. El. LEE. 34, Parker-street.

• Runcorn School Board Election. Answer to the "Church Times." ante Sir—The "Church Times "has published a most mendacious and slanderous attack upon the Progressive party and their policy at the recent School Board election. The IChurchtTimes " says "The so-called Progressives have refrained from no vile charge or epithet to win their way. This is a very sweeping charge. What is there to support it? The only evidence in tha article is a distorted picture of the Boden—firth controversy which is made to appear the chief ground upon which the election was fought. The meetings of the Progres- siva party and the Church party were reported fairly fully. I cannot find in them one reference by the Pro- gressive candidates or their supporters to the incense and absolution question ; but I do find one statement which drew forth Mr Baden's detailed accusations and which, by the way, has not yet been answered. I have in my posgession about 40 handbills published by both sides. There is only one that refers to the Bode° business. And this is not issue Iby the Progressives. It is a bill headed "Incense " and states " I have never either in public or private ministrations burnt: or used! incense. Any statement to such effect is an absolute falsehood." Then follows the signature (Reverend) Id B Firth, M.A." (Why not " priest " on this occasion ?). As a matter of fact the Progreg- sive candidates refused to have anything to do with the Firth question. From the beginning they asserted that whatever bearing the incident might have upon a highly objectionable system of proslytieing it had nothing to . do with the election. The speeches and handbills show distinctly that the election was fought chiefly upsu firures which had been used by Canon Wood arid his colleagues to exalt de- nominational schools and discredit Board Schools. Rasult canon Wood was compelled to publicly acknowledge these figures to be wrong. They show that: even after this acknowledgement on the very morning of the polling day, the church candidates repeated the falsehood in a handbill. They show that the Canon's phrase " strategy of truth" was acted up to by the &lurch party at the last election an at the election ot 1898, and that the progressives revealed the meaning of such a policy in all its naked ugliness. They show that Mr. Posnett had to repel a calumny promulgated by handbills having the names of the Cnurch candidates at the foot. They show that the church party felt that the facts recorded against thews by the Progressives were shaking the ground beneath their lest, as it were, and they were reduced to the expedient of blowing their own trumpet be' describing their own Jesuitical replies as " grand 'r " splendid and the like, as though for fear that the ratepayers would apply some other adjective. The Church party repeatect!their old tactics on throwing dust in the eyes of the people, t ley did not succeed, and now with all the venom and bitterness engendered of defeat, make the" Church Times" the medium of a sweeping charge without an atom of evidence to support. it. It the re- cords of the election establish one thing more clearly than another it is that the proeressivea entered the con- test with clean hands ; that they placed oducatioa far above mere parochial politics aed petty local jealougies, and their magnific-,nt victory is not besmirched by one foul stain. Were the Church pasty's appeal to the higher instincts ot the people Their own speeches and hsndbills reply trumpet toned " no." In their anxiety to retain their falsely won position ' in order to sustain their own selfish interests, they attempted to excite the cupidity of the people by drawing frightful pictures of the cost of Progressive education. Mr Hall Caine might have just gone through the Runcorn election when he made his speech at Manchester a fortnight rago.Never.he said, had the Church been in the forefront in emancipating the people from slavery of brain or muscle. And the attitude of the Runcorn Church party made all for their own power by allowing things to remain in their pre- sent chaotic and unsatisfactory state, and never one step towards that time so freely advocated by the Pro- gressives, when every child shall have the opportunity of a free, wide end generous education for its own sake and for the sake of the nation. The " Church Times need have no concern because the education of the young people of Runcorn is entrusted to a Progressive majority, The religion taught in the 13;ard schools may be without distinction of creed, but the children will be trained in honesty that tears to ohltt..reci arcontitant. truth without prevarication, and honour that will make ansouas for w.og doie.Yo.ears truly, IMPERIALIST.

A GOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVANT CA. write or call to Mies HABBISox, 6, 01(lhain-street Manchester. Established 1862. WANTED. GENERALS and GIRLS. places; excel- lent wages.—Call or write to ?dna HARRISON. 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

beet

WANTED COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, WAITRESSES, for Manchester ; excellent wages ; call or write to M 159 HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WANTED smart reliable ZITHER AGENTS.—AppIy, by letter to G. PHILLIPS, 218, Oldham-road, Hoyt on. Oldham.

TO OR BALBI, LANDAU and BROUGHAM; meellum site; In good order; roomy and light; cheap ; room wanted. —23, T.a.por-no.a.n, Wrexham. - - - ----- EN-ODNDZCORNERRD GOVERNESS CAR,Rtyllsh Lb COB and Tan Harness, win sell tozetber or separ at room wanted.—Mna PARKINSON. Imperial Hotel, Lord-st:eelr.. Preston.

qlO EN SOLD, cheap, Sable and White COLLIE DOG, IF taken at onee.—Seen at 55,31Aata-noan, Rice-lane, Walton, Liverpool,

VOR SALE.—TOBAOCONIST AND SWEET BUSINESS. Main street ; terms moderate.—Apply J WILDE, 26, Bridge—street, Earlestown.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PILIVATE I):ENTISTRY. TEETH. APPointments unneeesaaryant may be arranged. TEETH. All coneultatlons tree. TEETH. Bach patient Informed b4.forehand the vit work required, TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderato charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendau:s. TEETH. P-Juless lizotpc;3lanroaure hitherto by the itt3 TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,0110;g:01ms weekly.

Exors. of the lath - J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST BY BEAM

MR. MA.DDISON ATTEND 3 ST. HELENS . .GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 pm,

WARRINGTON SAN/LEY-STREET

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RIINTMEN, 31. BRIDGE-STEEL-2

TSURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTRWICH-18, AFTLEMARIEET-STREEV FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

DEATHS.

Jogs CRO3FIELD. —At 5 a.m. December '26th, JoLn fiald, or Walton Lea, Warrington, younge.t son oi the 151 Joseph Crostield, deceased.

FRIARS' GREEN, Warrington Opt 19E43 Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD. (late Essentagtis.) S. T. WARD AND Co, MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, Szc., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, 31,,nuavv.f arEtt te, Torats Tablets, Pulpits' Fouts, Heldstunes to Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLRANIND EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.

I

.... Warrington.—Printed and Published by Josns WAX Ktart AI CO. at The Examiner General Printing Works,' Bawler' 409 street, and published by them at tbe same Plane and , , also at The Examiner Office Vietoria-road,Wangns , 32, George-street, Sr. HELMNO and ,5.1 MILL'ILet-Street " BARLESTOWII, in the Countv of Lancaster and also at 114,13, at. BUN COR N. in Mei Couniyof.Cbester, Dec. 27 1901

1 e s 4t:tr et 01'. e late'

===== 0002601_19011227_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WES ',HAAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER 29TH. At 10.30-liev. W. O. 3. NEVILLE. At 6.3o—Rev. O. H. HOrKBN. All welcome. Hymn pooki provided.

COUNTY BoRoUGH W ARRI N GTO N, TENDERS are INVITED for the supply of. UNIFORM CLOTHING for the Police Force for the year 1902. Strength of Uniform Branch, 65. Forms of tender and specifications ratty be obtained on application to LUKE TALBOT, Chief Constable. Chief Constable's Office, Warranton, December 21st, 1901. THE RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL, OF RUN- -a- CORN.—PRIVATB STREET IMPROVE HENTS, STOCKTON HEATH. 'The RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL of Runcorn INVITE TENDERS far the LIIVIiLLING, PAVING, METALLING, and FLAGGING, of GASKELL-STREET and LEONAR D- STRE ET. Stockton Heatb. Plans, Specifications, and Quantities may be seen on appli- Cation to Mr. Robert Garnet:, 45. Sankey-street, Warring- ton, the Council's Surveyor, from whom conies of quantities and forms of tender may be obtained on depasit of 10s. 6d. which will be retnrned en receipt of a bonalide tender, Sealed tenders endorsed " Tender for private Street len provemer,te, Stockton Heath," to be delivered at my office not later than SATURDAY, the 11th day of JANUARY, 1902. The Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest 'or any tendr. F. ASHTOir, Clerk of the Council 71, High strest, Rnneorn. 24th December, 1931.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OF WARRIFGTON.) SA:s.iITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS, BEG TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OUEEN STREET, EARLESTOV,TN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A SIOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBMG, PAINTING. GASFITTING, WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATI'ENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. Aaztrrs FOR ",WELSBACH "INCANDESCENT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES Frceu.

CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE. 33 MARKEI STREET, EARLESTOWN ESTABLISHED OVER 35 yRARs. FOR CHOICE SELECTIONS OF CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS AND CHRISTMAS PRESENTS IN GREAT VARIETY GO TO THE ABOVE ADDRESS AGENT FOR THE GLACIER WINDOW DECORATION

BOOTS! BOOTS ! ! BOOTS !! ! Givisa UP BUSINESS. LEAVING THE PREMISES. LARGE STOCK OF BnOTS AND SHOES TO BE SOLD AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. ALSO TWO BOOT MACHINES, and a quantity of Iron Lasts, with Knives to match. No reasonable offer refused. Must be sold. LAMBERT 'S BOOT STORES, MARKET PLACE, EARLESTOWN. BUOP TO BE LET. CO UN I 16 V. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CEIESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County,on MONDAY, the 30th day of December, 1901, at half-past eleven e'cicck in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. • The hearing of all appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddiabury,Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all Pasoners committed from such Hundreds, will take Place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 30th day of December, 1901, at half-past eleven o'clock fri,the forenoon. THE Court will he Adjourned to the Court Hoose, Rnutsford. on WEnernsoay.the let day of January,l9o2, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all -appeals arising within the Hundreds ot Bucklow. ' Macclesfield, and Northwicb, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions The Grand and Petty Jury for the linutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Kuntaford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the Ist day of January, 1902, at eleven eClock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester, Chester, 9th December, 1901.

-- JOHN ASHLEY 61, SANKEY KRIM. WARRINGTON. 19 NOW RECEIVING DAILY SUPPLIES. OF THE CELEBRATED YORKSHIRE PORK PIES. YORKSHIRE POLONEY. YORKSHIRE BRAWN. DELICIOUS PORK SAUSAGES. PLAIN AND T ))IA, To FLAVOUR,

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, 12 AND 14, NI TEN-wicK STREET. SEE OUR WINDOWS A VERY SINE 7 PIECE SUITE IN TERRA. COTTA IPEEIZE VELVET. HIGH LOW SETTEE, TUB EASIE9. 10 10s. OD. MARVELLOUS VALUE. PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, WINWICK STREET, WARRINGTON:

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. 31ANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. OTRINGS of the Finest Quality. 1.7 Arrisne Repairing in all its branches. JOHN -BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil OI G. A. Chanot), 57, RENSHAW-STREET (corner of Beacon-street), LIVERPOOL.

HG. DOWLING, • ESTATE, INSURANCE. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTOCOMMISSION AGENT.N. Private Address; 21. Ellesmere-rosd, Stnckton Heath. I JOHN EMSON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, WARRINGTON. FRENCH rOLISHERS. CABINET M.4KERS, UPHOLSTERERS, &C. FiRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP. WORKMEN SENT TO ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. ESTIMATES FREE. - MR. EMSON WAS WITH MESSRS. GARNET AND SONS FOR 36 YEARS. UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS!! THE LATEST NOVE TIES SUITABLE FOR PRIMEI.I LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S, W:IKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES libt,JVßlllol3 IN HAL 7 AN HOUR FROM Ss. 6D, T. BRIERLEY, ( 49 PICCADILLY MANCEIESTED,. THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY Ac+BNTS BICKERSHAW COAL). MAD 01121(Dy AND WEARP : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Qom Sidings and Branch Office; Marson Street, Wareington

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many- I„ MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 205. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed Cl ITACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTEk A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In erery respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. ACDON I, D , 1-.) • • ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLAMES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, u. to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYTANDS-STREET AT MIP9 TURNPR'S. WEDN'ESDAI9, n to 6. LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE ',error 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF TOY BASSINETTES AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A. COTTERELL, BASSINETTE MANUFACTURER, BEAMONT ST. (near Infirmary„ WARRINGTON.

BEING YOUR FEET To 5, LONDON-ROAD, Liverpool, and put them insid3 pair of • ARTHUR EVANS' 63. 6D., Bs. 6D.. or TWELVE 808 BOOT 3. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

QPLENDID Assortment of New. Season's PAT- ,...) TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 61. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderful/y good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

rrHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- A_ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term ot years App.llcation to be, made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, 6111HiCipa1 'Offices, Warrington.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY PRICE? SET 21s SINGLE TOOII-1 2s. 6D.

•,11QEO PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE "OH, YES ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LBECE7STRERT, LIVERPOOL, • THANK YOU.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. 11. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. bii 3Z USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S P RESENTS, 33, AND 41, DALE-STREET. AND 12, .LORD-STREST, LIVERPOOL,

WEDDING RINUS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22, carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sires and shapes, including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCIS AND CO. the Illuminated Cloak, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

NEW YEAR PRESENTS. JEWELLERY JEWELLERY ! ! CHAS. WOLF'S GREAT JEWELLERY DISPLAY. SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. ENGAGEMENT RINGS AND WEDDING RINGS A SPECIALITY. All goal ticketea in plain figures at prices which will guarantee good custom. Please view windows. kfiIARLES WOLF, WHOLESALE JEWELLER, SILVERSMITH, AND DIAMOND MERCHANT, 10, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

TLLUMIN ArthD ADD/Cu:Ba DIE-SEAMPING Fae-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, foam tities &e., copied and lithographed.-13nootcs AND SaN, Law t3ationerall. Queen-street, Warrington.

__- IV-HITE STAR LINE 1"1 ROYAL MAIL STRAMBItf.t. \\*., I.IVIDIPOOL to NI:1W YORK via Queenstown. TRUTONIn...,Wed., Jan. 1 1 CELTIC Wed., Jan 15 GBItIIIANIC...Wed., Jan. 8 OCEANIC !Wel., an 22 Third Class passange at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to 'este?. Imam, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cookspur treet, S.W., and 34, LeadenUall Street, London. 8.C..

XMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSM LTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Sliver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All ttansactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. 1 Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY. Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, As.. Ac., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARgAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEHY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, ito . Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES MC I-OST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS. Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. as RICHMOND OfREET, LIVERPOOL.

11HE MER RIONS (WILL, HARRY AND FRED). THE MERRIEST, OF ALL ENTERTAINERS. Songs, Musical Show, Trios, Comic Conjuring. Parces,Living Pictures.—Terms MERRIONS, Manchester, S. W.

- NEW YEAR! NEW YEAR ! ! PRESENTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, USEFUL AND LASTING. AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY. CUTLERY, POCKET KNIVES, ELECTRO- PLATE. TOYS. FANCY GOODS. SPECIAL PRICES FOR XMAS TRADE BEST GOODS. REASONABLE PRIORS. For Value cannot be equalled. 2D. IN EVERY 1/- SAVED TO YOU. SASI N. GREEN, THE FISH - MARKET. WARRINGTON. (For upwards of 'lB years with Skelton's, Lti.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, kjIutARETTES, OIsTUFF3. VICES. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCIIBSTHR Establlshed 68 Years

G_EDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best end cheapest ever offered to the Pnb Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister bd., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GBDDRS elm SON. LTD WAREINGTOE ESTABLISHED 1833.

El. GARNER. 8 MARBURY-STREET. Off Rent-street, Latchford, Warrington. :PAVING, TILING, AND DRAINING CONTRACTOR. ASPHALTING WALKS. B.:c. WORK EXECUTED ON SATISFACTORY AND REASONABLE TERMS.

EUSTANCE & Co., HAVE THE FINE S 1 DISPLAY OF SILVER NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR NEW YEAR'S GIFTS EVER OFFERED IN WARRINGTON.

A GENTLE REMINDER. THE M.C.D. HAVE SERVED YOU LONG AND WELL AND RESPECTFULLY REQUES f A CONTINUANCE OF YOUR PATRONAGE. EXCEPTIONAL VALUE IN OVERCOATS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES FOR MEN, YOUTHS AND BOYS. READI MADE Ott TO MEASURE. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT.- 8, AND 10, HORSEHARRET STREET, WARRINGTON,

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST DOT WARE lIOL SE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL PAWNBROKER „P S, EWELGERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAXER9) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE) AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old told and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewel.ery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

FOR NEW YEAR'S GIFTS OR GENEAAL FURNISHING AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES 31A.KE A POINT OF VISITING THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES; 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, ,THE LOW PRICES WILL ENSURE AN IMPORTANT SAVING. ALL PURCHASES OF 403. DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED MIAS AND OTHER CATALOGUES.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS. , . (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCR-M -STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWA7S FLUID! NEVER FADE) TO DE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM GREE MARKET PLACE. WARRING- .

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure 9cithont internal HOOFING COUGH medicine. . - HOOFING COUGH Of all Coemists price 4,; per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS eale Agents: W. EDWARDS CROUP 8.: SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London.

A. Cr. WRAGG, 68 AND I r-rn kJ, WAVBRTREE-ROAD, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL, HOUSE FURNISHER. DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. PIANOFORTES, AC. 'Cash Buyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furniture, An. 36 GUIN EAS.—Upright Iron GRAND PIANOFORTE, by Robert Westphale,Berlin,world-renowned makers, in ebonised case, gold lined, and inlaid panel, massive sconces, patent under damper action, patent check. ivory keys, overstrung, full trichord, a very powerful tone and light touch. One of the finest instruments that was ever offered to the British public. A written warranty for 20 years given ; delivered free. Well worth 60 guinea. WRAGGI. 70, WAVERTREII-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

23 GlUllaNa.o.—SlDELßUsaull. in solid wainutwooo, by one of the best makers in the country ; measures six teet long and eight feet high. On the top of the board stands a massive-shaped silvered one-Inch bevelled plate. supported by handsome corlnthian pillars and side brackets ; contains three cupboards and four drawers ; solid panel ends and handsome carvings' and fitted with solid brass handles. A. bargain seldnrn to he met with.

tl2lO rurned oak (t,olid) AittJAti O. quaint 1. S. design, with cupboards and drawers ; bevelled eilve,ed plate glass bAck, in massive frame. Also Massive OVERMANTRL to match, in perfect condition. Both from gentleman's house at Mossley-bill. Bought In i DAS-street ; eo.t £25. MV price for the pair only £l2 10s. WRAGG, 70 WAVLS.STRRE-ROAD, LIVURPOOL. I R7DINING -4.00:k1 SUITE, in very massi“: tn. carved frames ; richly upholstered in hand- some saddlebags, comprising couch, ladrs and gent's and sot of small chairs, all to match ; well worth 12 guineas ; a bargain.

Walnut wood isIDEBOARD, 41t. long,fitted _OS. with two cupboards and two drawers bevelled glass back support, with massive pillars and brackets ;a bargain. i.---GUINEAS.—Wainnt-eased PIANO, by local maker, t/ cost £36 ; iron frame, ttichord check repeating action. I full eompass,panel front inlaid, sconces. in perfect condition I sweet tone: tuned and delivered free. A bargain. 375.6 D yardsl3ue ebl sy Bordered v eOrAyipPretry. design, equal to new. Skin Hearthrug to match, Is 6d. 216 16s. the very Walnut eflomEDprinOcl:llaSrUgelT4llit.. ' eßrylalcokestWmaal wardrobe, with handsome long robing mirror. with carved panels, several large drawers ; dressing table with side wings and centre dressing mirror support, with cupboards, with shield-shaptd doors, with large and small drawers ; wash- stand with St. Anne's marble slab and back, with shaving mirror, all fitted with Va. bevelled plates and massive solid brass handles, towel rail and 3 chairs ; a bargain. 22 18s. (4D. Ilea? itlllll3ellbtleliti°(El titlebr9),aNclteavno feathers,weil worth twice the money. Also one for £3 189 6d. Come and see for yourself. WRAGG FOR FAIR DEALING. 1.2125. R OOM Chippendalel3 (solid Mahogany ho ga n mahogany); DRAWING- Se frames are of Louis design, with 'eabriole legs, comprising high-low seLtee, pair of tub and 4 small chairs, richly upholstered with old gold silk tapestry ; a bargain seldom met with at the price,well worth 18 guilleaa ; perfectly clean land the upholstery guaranteed. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. I 1 9 GUINEAS.—PIANOFORTE by German maker; Iron .1.e.) frame. triehord, full compass, ivory keys,sweet tone. in walnut case ; just received from gentleman leaving the city. Tuned and delivered free. WRAGG FOR PIANOS. —LIST OF SECONDHAND PARLOUR SUITES. £4 15s.—PARLOUR SUITE, in leather. £5 15s.—PARLOUR SUITE, in saddlebags. £4 7e. 6d.—PARLOUR SUITE, In tanestry.l • £5 18s: 6d.—PARI.OUR SUITE, in figured velvet. £lO ICs,—DINING-ROOM SUITE. In saddlebags. £6 18s. 6d.—DINING-ROOM SUITE, in leather. £5 6s.—DRAWING ROOK SUITE, Chippendale. Come and see our bargains. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 19 GUINEAS. 19 GUINEAS. We are still offering the lest value in Liverpool, PIANOFORTE. in walnut case. by Newsome Bros. Gold ,i tote • gra roateed from 11:1',-.04 to be ti:a best giant; (d... the market by 3) per cent.; 'iron frame, trichord, check re- peating action, full compass, sweet tone, marqueterie panel, sconces; tuned and delivered free ; well worth 35 guineas. WRAGG, 7O. WAVERTREB-ROAD. 21.5. vary Hs u.rtatilxe frames;very hsva handsome sell c° es eEpallraGtßelAyNor nGSp pairs. Taken from Art Gallery pictures. RedLpililintOldsß,SEsandins 375. 6D. FicaenntrllderonPzaei ronoef honks lft. Sin. high ; a very noble pair ; suitable for sideboard or mantel shelf. Sent to any address. 25 153. Pair rithsaniats.orrldoenßg Burr Walnut DshUapCetiEwSph bevelled mirror support, with Carved supports and jewel drawers, on castors ; washstand to match, with handsome marble slab ; a bargain.

210 10 CABINET, solid Chippendale Mahogany S. and very pretty design, with bevelled silvered plates, unique shapes, with cupboard and plate- glass st ors. handsomely carved, with several brackets for display ornaments. A genuine Secondband article, in per- fect condition. WRAGG. 70, WAVRRTREE-ROAD. ViRAGEI. FOR SECONDHAND PIANOS. A. G. W RAGG Will BUY for CASH all kinds of FURNITURE and PIANOS, or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt attention. 63 AND 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL.

PAPER, AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, • SANKEY STREET. CHErsTmAS CAKES OF EVERY VARIETY, WED OR PLAIN, ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM PURE AND WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS. Customers giving in Orders early, can choose their own Mottoes. LANCASHIRE CASH BAKERY CO., LTD. BRINCRE3 BLACKPOOL AND 'HOLTON.

A WISE MAN BUYS WHEN A GOOD CHANCE OFFERS. LEECH BROS. & CO., CASH BARGAIN SALE. 1 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS. OENERA2 AND, FURNISHING IRONMONGERY, GRATES, MANTELS, RANGES, GARDEN IMPLEMENTS, TENTs, TENNIS, CROQUET, &c.. &c. HAMMOCKs, 20 and 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891. (Removing to Deansgate shortly.)

42 DRVONSHIHR-ROLD, PRINCR'S PARR, LIVER- , POOL. Private Boarding House for limited number ;Bear Parks and Bleetric Carl; lace dinner ; terms moderate. Apply Miss STEWART.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORIH WALES. R HOS ABBNY HOTEL, RHOS-ON SBA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea. Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery ; water 'apply and sanitation perfect ; elegant apartments; every home comfort. All I4edrooms, sea view Excellent Golf Links by the sea within mile. High-class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tali apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR HOTEL, GLASGow.)

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO Al 70 7t, HUSTON fiQUARE. HOME CoMvORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. QOUTHPORT.—BUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician : Dr BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with iv:my corutort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trims. Terms from is 64 per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Matutage and Galvanism. J. lit/ODOUR, Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY CLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

FCR SALE, a quantity of good BRISTOL NOS, 13 weeks old. Also good Cart Horse, 16 hands and Harness. JOHN PARTINGTO2i, 12 Walmer-street, Pooistock, Wigan. SM/INDIC Hartz Roller CANARY: in toll rolling song day and night: Ts 6d ; safely pacted.-11. lissigzst. 30, Freehold-street, Rochdale.

-PREMIER and EXHIBITOR of high-class NORWICH 1/ CAS ARIES, colour fed. from 15a to 30a a pair. Three asp! approval. —A. FARRINGTON, 11 East-street. Witton, Blackburn.

BRACE PURE BRED SUSSISX SPANIELS golden liver. 5 Months. both retrieve Dog 335., Bitch 20s. also 12 bore gun by Ritchards. Powelle pateot action wood covered bar locks 7.1 lbs weight. this is a very best gun cost EU. Price £7.—LEE, 105, Lark•lane, Liverpool.

AMES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAHH-STREET. LIVERPOOL, PROSPECTUSES of the SAND FORK PETROLEUM CO., United State* of America, paying 12 per cent, will be cent post free on application.

SPIRIT anOCER's BU IINESS in Belfast for sale ; large corner chop; principal thoroughiare.—WlSHAßT, a3countent. 157, West George-street, Glasgow. PO BR SOLD by private treaty al a going concernia GOOD -1- SHOEING, General Rmithtug. Cycle. and Machinery Business; owner going abroad.- apply L JACKSON, Greenway-road, Runcorn.

VOR SALE, splendid retail high-class FISH, FRUIT, and 1: FOULTAIC BUJINIISS ; front position ; extensive inside and outside trade. Fashionable four-wheeled Lorry, young Horse, 15 hands ; everything £2lO guaranteed genuine to buyer.—Apply 61, PADlsam-viosn, Burnley.

Nps. HUBI.NSWCOMBE has a few vacancies for pupils in yule° production, singing, the piano theory, or harmony. htudents prepared tor Associated Board and T.C.L. exams,—The Rims. dtoCktOn Heath.

Al R. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, LV prepares students for examination in Pfanoforte,Organ, Theory and Harmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 85, MARKET-STREET, harlestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington.

MR. TONI BOOTHIWYD, Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO. AND GUITAR, Specialist in S%ringed Instruments. 9, BUBZ-S'IItBBT, %NABBING...CON. ThEoSit, Amate.tLCer.o.f,%i.t, pParuolf,BeseshourreOhf AlR.MuEsicllsorEgaBrTlat atlidLK4 PIANO, WIGAN, THEOttY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT BUM ICAL FOEM. Upwards of 110 Certificates and Prizes galnen by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE, WArVingloll.

WARRINGTON attAbIDIAR. bCIIOOI,. THE ISIXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY, JANUARY 218 T. 1902. THE HEAD MASTRR WILL BE AT HOME to Inter- view parents on NATWADAY, JANUARY 18TR, and MON- DAY. JANUARY 20i. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, ite. Preparatory Form for boys from 8 to 12 years of age. PROSI'NOTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

IV ASCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 Os. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM BEGINS IUEdDAY, JAN. 14Tir, 1932. Entrance Examination Monday, January 13th, 1902, at 9 a in., when tbe High Master attends to see parents. Prospectuses,furms of application &c may be bad at School. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated In Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4% Od., 3%. 90. and 2e. Sth per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. . OFFICES MAItEIiT STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET', rent 43. 3d Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,Nu. 1 Hank-stroet War' cinema. Telephone—No 55.

£150,000 All,r,t3,lz€,"or oretpot tbedtgeveadn:ril rums to suit borrowers. In .ny put of the country.—J. W. HEADAR, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCEs MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WOREINGIVERN, and all Respect- able Householders. on their own senility, without delay, on Jour simple written promise tn pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABUS DEALINGS. Emily INFORMATION FRISHLY M. COWEN, VICTORIA CRAMBRRS, WIDNES. SOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER; JORN N. GOODwIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty bears.

RONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, ItIER.EY 6TREET WARRINGTON THE ABOV6 COMPANY 19 PREPII.k.iI ,TO advance 1.09111 to respectable househOlders, shopkeepers and others on reason- We terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSINDILTH. DISTRICT MANAGUR. 121. MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT CAST,' SALE. PREVIOUS TO REMOVING; TO NEW PREMISES IN DEANSGATE 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCCUNTS. GRATES, RANGES, MANTELS, CLOCRS. IRONMOISIGERY, HORTICULTURAL lIRPLEMEHT4. PLATE, CUTLERY, BRASS &c. LEECH BROS, & CO.. 22 AND 22, OLDSMILLGATR. MANCHESTER. Telephone 891.

itlarboterg, dr. HIGH-CLASS GAB ENGINES; new design ; latest im- provements. Sizes in stogie, one to thirteen brake horse power.—ELLlan ASHWORTH, Gollyhurst, Manchester. fIAS ENGINES.—I. I and 2 Horse Power, up to date and rellable.-oaLvEav,Albert-rd., Levenshulme, Manchester.

PATH lif T OF F ICA. MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIRS & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton ,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 63. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY OVER 450 GOLD & SILVER JERDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. VOWEL "WASHING, WRINGING, & MANGLINti- MACHINES, LAURI:MY REQUISITES, " DIAPHRAGM " CHURNS. BUTTsIi WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free, THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn, London ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent Iron Works. Salford.

EDGAR V. MORTON, PAWNBROKER AND JEWELLER, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. 18S. GD. PAIR cilLotidn:tlktil..d.isßLl;HOßSES. Large £1 ss. OD. HANDSOME BRASS CURB. li 6D. Tulissmijiastch abase, Set of FIRE L 2 15S. OD. j)LiIEsR&R 7KD Drawer, wTe Hb!:l,Sl 2 Men Top, with Gallery and 4 Oman Drawer,. D. ss. op. IGvAEITH'S.K.EupTeLrioErSSZkeA.LT.HtrAO4 liver cases, Government atamped. ,e„2 17s. 6a ALABDarYz'aSinLong GOLD GUARD. 183. 6D, iltiDYChlinSmall Size GOLD WAICII. £2 178. 60. AGLEBNB sta9mpesaornateverGy Oa? EDGAR V. MORTON BRIDGE Foal', WARRINGTON,

47 Psi set, C lil piece N . lia Tea Re.b:l2lsPr.ineatemctp,i,2Bl., pliseoeptteiackufwasrt. tree.—TllE DIRECT SUPPLY POITERY Co.,Hanky. . _ _ FHHTWORK, carving, bent iron, poker, reponse& bamboo, leather, and picture framing. Catalogue of materials, I,COO Illustration& 4d free.—HARGER BROS, Settle, Yorks,

-IMP POTATO .nd Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety. .1.. J Champion Ranges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Wheels. 100-page List free.—MABBL,TVB, Poland-street, Manchester DIANO FOR SAL.—Overstrung. Full trichord, check A action • a genuine bargain tor anyone; no reasonable offer retina; almost new.—Apply 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington.

SUIIGICAL APPLIANCIIS.--A. new Illustrated List forwarded on receipt of stamped envelope. Quality highest, prices lowest. Testimonials from all parts.--41. DuPSE, 38 broke-road, Dalston, London. N.H.

ej; EA OH. neck lblTarpicla3; ; mboariet?qutailittdyshulnrtereltctied,Afrytes —.Mnough expense on old etdrta..—Note the address,Tnomml WATERS. Manufacturer, 12 Howard-street, Belfast.

DECIAWAY. The Parlour Game ot the season ; very ex _L citing and easily learned ; sults young or old. livery home should have it for the long winter evenings. Post free, SANLEY, 9 Vernon-place. London, W.C.

N STUNG. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Vets, Goal Nets, Sparrow Nets, lentils Nets and flame Nets of every description. THomato Jo/Dawes, Net Warehouse Corporation-street, Manchester.

VEISE.—A Lady or Gent's Silver Watch can be obtained absolutely free of cost; this is a genuine offer; no jewellery to sell.—Write for particulars, aud enclose stamped addressed envelope. to MANAGER. Free Watch Supply Co., 74 Denton-road, Hornsey, London.

HOT WATER INSTANTLY NIGHT OR D.Y. Hot bath for I. in 6 minute,, boiling water in 1 minute ]WART'S '• LIGHTNING " GlsYdlittd. For Gas or Oil Always Inaction at 346, Huston-road, London, N.W. Illus- trated cstalogue, Section 21. post free.

-A !K your Ironmonger for Goidstraw's Patent Pneumatic Burner Cleaner ; no breakages ; no taking to pieces; once clean always clean ; clean one in a minute; boon to tradesmen. Sent anywhere for Is 10d. Adopted by M R Comp.—GoLDerßlw, ltheatre, Chambers,' Derby. (Agents wanted).

9,0 BB SOlD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive I_ Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Lana, with siding to the railway. bui cable for Chemical or other works requiting space.—Address J. Hosxmo, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

ri IRE SIXTY-MINUTH " WORM CURB FOR DOGS.— A safe and certain cure in capsule form ; one size for dogs and one for puppies and small breeds. The " Farmer and Stoeltbreeder," London, says : They are a thorough and reliable cure for worms in dogs." They are a tonic to the dog and certain death to the worms ; state breed ;!free, is d.—WALKER. Ohymisc. Castle Douglas, N.ll.

GALWAY. WHOLESALR SKIN AND HAIR MER- U • CHANT, and Tallow Manufacturer, St. Helens.-720 Poulterers. Rabbit Salesmen and Skin Dealers. Best prices In tte trade paid for Rabbit and Hare Skins ; best Wilds. 2s. 3a. dozen ; Rocks, Is. 3d, dozen ; Suckers, 7d. dozen. Prompt attention, cash settlement and civility; contracts made ; shops regularly attended to on receipt o St. Helens, Is sufficient address. IHOCKHEY-403 Articles for 32s 6d. Yrice-Ifsts BANNRTT, 25 Broom-street, Hanley, StAff..

300 BULBS. free, 2s 9d, 100 Crocue,Snowdropa,Single Daffedils.—Hoirre STORES, Harola-road, Haatlngo. _ RATS I I RATS ! I JOHN JONES, Barney, Dereham,Norfolk, undertakes to clear any place of rata without danger or smell. No cure no pay.

D lIEUDUTIC AND GOUT PASTE —lnward and Out- LA ward Remedy for Piles. Successfully used In my own practice. Is 2d each, post free.—Gr. klineT, Thornton-road, nrAdford.

'COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- -The Corporation are prepared to Let, from the 2nd February next, all that commodious and well-built HOUSE known as the Old Warps, within the borough, containing four entertaining rooms,six bedrooms.bathroom, w c, butler's pantry, Bm, with the lawn, orchard, 2-stalled stable and two coach-houses. saddle-room, 10, Together with the FARM- HOUSE adjoining, with the stables, sheds, and other out-buildings, and about 22 acres of LAND, including two aeresr,of Twiggery and limited grazing of part of Victoria Park. The farmhouse contains living room and kitchen, with dairy and cellar, three bedrooms and two garrets. There is stabling for three horses,l4 loose boxes and sheds,and accommodation for 12 cows. Permission to inspect the premises can be obtained on application at the Old Warps. Tenders for the yearly tenancy of the whole of the premises, or for the House and Farm separately, to be sent in (endorsed "Tender for Old Warps, or Farm,") on or before the 31st clay of Vecember instant. Dated this 14th day of December, 1901. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall. Warrington.

NOUCH OF IDIMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURIMS. HAVE REMOVED FROM CHURCH STREET TO MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

CUNT Y BOROUG El OF WARRINGTON V The SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE of the Coun- cil of the Borough INVITE TENDERS for the DELIVERY of about ONE TON PEE WRECK of WASHE 0 SLACK at Longford Depot for the next six months. TENDERS addressed to the Chairman Of the Sanitary Works Committee, endorsed. Tender for washed slack," must be delivered here not later than ten o'clock Monday, 30th December 1931. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. JAMBS DEAS, A.M,1.C,E., Engineer. Municipal Offices, Warrington. 20th December 1931.

COUNTY BOROUG OF WARRINGTON. The WATER COMMITTEE of the Council of the Borough INVITE TENDERS for the whole supply of WASHED SLACK (about 20 tons per week) of good quality, to be delivered at the Winwick Pumping Station ; and also the whole supply of house coal, to be delivered at Winwick Pumping Station, Appleton Reservoir, and Bank House, in such quantities as clay be required from day to day during the next six mouths. Tenders, addressed to the Chairman of the Water Com- mittee, endorsed, " Tender for washed slack etc." to be delivered here not later than 10 a.m. MONDAY, .3)th De- cember, 1901, All tenders to be clear of strike clauses, and to name the pit from which slac ir and coal will be taken. The lowest or any tender will ttot necessarily be accepted. JAMES Engineer. Municipal Offices, Warrington, 14th December, 1901.

FANCY DR &SS BALL TO BE GIVEN BY THE MAYOR AND MAYORRS3. MR. J. TPH.A4TRKHINE'SOHANS DESIRES TO PTEOCIA INTIMATE ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE. PHOTOGRAPHING OF CHILDREN IN FANCY COSIUMEIS, AND SHOULD BE GLAD TO RECEIVE •PPOISTMENTI AT AN EARLY DATE. IMPORTANT, on December 3 Ab, 31st. 1931,-January 2nd, 1902, the Studio will be open until 10 pm: srEcIAL POPULAR PRICES. J. PARKINSON, PHOTOGRAPHER. DAY AND ELECTRIC LIGHT STUDIOS. EGYPT STREET CHA MBERS, WARRINGTON.

HENRY MILLING!' AND COMPANY, LIMITED, ARE NOW OFFERING A SPLENDID SELECTION OF GROCERIES, PROVISIONS, AND CHRISTMAS SPECIALITIES, OF THE FINEST QUALITY AT LOWEST PRICES. 5, HORSEMARKET ST., AND CORPOR A.TION ST., WARRINGTON.

PRESENTS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS. W. HODGKINSON LIMITED. ,HAVE A MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF EVERY DESCRIPTION OF THE CHOICEST, THE MOST USEFUL AND ACCEPTABLE GIFTS FOR CHRISTMAS. INCLUDING A VERY LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FANCY ARTICLES, PLAIN AND INITIAL HANDKERCIIIEFS, A FINE SELECTION IN LACE TIES, COLLARS AND BOLEROS. SPECIAL LINES IN THE GLOVE AND UMBRELLA DEPARTMENT. ENDLESS VARIETY IN SLIPS AND BLOUSES. SPECIAL—JAP SILK SLIP TRIMIED PRETTY LACE INSERTION PRICE 6s lid. CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS. CHOICE AND BEAUTIFUL DESIGNS IN ENDLESS VARIETY—WONDERFUL VALUE- -10 IN BOX FOR 611 AND Is op THE BOX. W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED. 46 & 48 BRIDGE SF., WARRINGTON.

W. ISH-ERWOOD AND CO., SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. Au., Bw., NOVELTY, VALUE. STYLE, DON'T YOU FORGET IT. SPECIAL DELIVERIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, DENT'S KID GLOVES, SUITABLE FOR USEFUL PRESENTS SILK LINED. Is. llid. to ss. 11d. PER PAIR. SILK LINED FABRIC FROM 100. PER PAIR. BEST VALUE IN THE TRADE, FANCY LACE GOODS, VERY CHOICE LOT JUST TO HAND, LOVELY GOODS AT MEDIUM PRICES. INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS IN CAMBRIC, LINEN, AND SILK, ALL PRICES, VERY USEFUL PRESENTS. LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. THE LATEST STYLES IN SILK SLIPS, IN ALL THE LATEST TINTS mom 6s. 11D. EACH. Special lot of ordinary WINTER SHIRTS, Perfect fit and Style from Is, 11d. to Bs. lid,, all our own make, FURS BEST VALUE, LOWEST CASH PRICES, Kilinski, Bear, Sable, Martin, and all the leading Styles in Necklets and Muffs, Sm. CHILDREN'S COATS AND CAPES, PINAFORES, CHILDREN'S MILLINERY. Sped tl value in these goods, SEE OUR WINDOWS. Millinery, Special lines in Ladies' Trimmed Felts and Trimmed Millinery of all Descriptions. See Windows. Novelties of all Descriptions for Felts, Presents. DRESSING CASES, CARD CASES, and Thousands of Useful Stationery and Smoking Cabinets, Cigar Cases,lArticles for Presents, American Writing Desks, Toys for the Children, Christmas Cards. SEE OUR WINDOWS AND SHOWROOMS, FOR THE SMARTEST GOODS AT THE LOWEST CASH PRICES ISHER WOOD, 24, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

WHAT SHALL THE GIFT BE Only two days are left for you to make up your mind, and do your XMASSHOPTING. GIFT HUNIERS ARE ON THE ALERT. They are out in force searching for the novel, the pretty, the serviceable thing!. GOOD GIFTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION will be found at JAMES ATKINSON'S XMAS .BAZAAR. TOYS, DOLLS. GAMES IN ENDLESS VARIETY for the Children. PRETTY ORNAMENTS, PHOTO FRAMES, WORK BOXES, LADIES' COMPANIONS, PERFUMERY, HANDKERCHIEF and GLOVE BOXES, and a host of our NOVELTIES, all suitable for the XMAS GIFT to your Adult Friends. MANY PEOPLE PREFER A USEFUL GIFT. A GOOD GIFT to give and one any lady will Min is a Good UMBRELLA, we have a large Stock, 4s 11d, 53 11d, 73 6i, 93 61 to 183 6d each. A SEASONABLE GIFT would be a nice FUR SET Necklet and Muff to match), we stock these in a Variety of Furs from 7s lid to 3 Guineae. CAMBRIC AND SILK HANDKERCHIEFS, GLOVES LACE FICHUS, SILK BLOUSES, Ecc., are always appreciated eind useful, we have these at all prices. FOR YOUR GENTLEMEN FRIENDS,I a good Silk! Muffl3r, Umbrella, Gloves. Dressing Case, Smokers' Companion, Matchbox, are always usetul, and a good selection will be found amongst our stock. DO YOU SEND 'PRIVATE NEW YEAR CARDS? We have a beautiful Selection from ls 6d Dozen, also a large Variety of Xmas Cards from id each. JAMES ATKINSON, 7, 11 & 13 BRIDGE ST, WARRINGTON.

1G RAND CIRCUS, QUEEN-S Ltd; ET, W ARRING- A CHRISTMAS TREAT FOR ALL EXTRAORDINARY ATTRACTION COMMENCING MONDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 23nn, THE FRENCH HIPPODROME AND CONTIMENIAL CIRCUS UNDER THE DIRECTION OF EDWIN LESLIE. HORSES. PONIES AND CLEVER ARTISTES GRAND ILLFIMINATED DAY PERFORMANCES. TMURSDAY NEXT Memo DAY), AND SATURDAY AT 2.30 DOORS OPEN AT 2. COMMENCE AT 2.30. WONDERFUL EQUESTRIANS, SENSATIONAL SKETCHES . SCREAMING PANTOMIME AB3URDITY FUNNY CLOWNS, SEE RIG BILLS. EVERY EVENING, (omtuersue DAY EXCEPTED) AT 7.30. ADMISSION le. Bd., Is., Et and 3d. Children half price to all parts except Gallery,

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. RRTURN VISIT OF THU RENOWNED PENRHYN CHOIR, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4ra.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE • RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. • CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGHEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchtord St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardsbaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth......Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerfleld House

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES ! ! CAR MID GES ! ! SAM N. GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRIN GTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALLISTITE CARTRIDGES, LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION. STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTELY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. IHE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAY. SEE THE SPLENDID CUP, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH BALLISTITE CARTRIDGES, BY A MEMBBR OP THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT GUN CLUB. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SAN! N. GREEN, AMMUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, W ARRIN GTO N. (FoR UPWARDS OP 18 YEARS WITH SKELTON'S, LTD.

To W LE'S OHLOEODYN E Renown...l for TOWLE'S CH LORO DYNE coCIUn3GT)Ht iSo,n BRONCHITIS, TOWLE 'S CHLORODYNE T 0 W LE'S C IILORODYNE 24 dSolenanosr Is. TO WLVS CHLORODY NE . ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs In GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AM) OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKEIsPuRS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men, £2 Bs, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST ANN'S .S.QUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

D. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGHSTION AND WIND CURE FLAIIILENCN. AND HEAICIBURN, CUlth ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

Da. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, • INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB LOSS OF APPETITE. CURB DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURB ALL DISORDERS OF THE BY 00D. CURE LASSITUDB AND NREIVOUSNESS.

1) It. SCOTT'S PILLS • Are prep +red only hy W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other rg ed i ein e instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

rrHE Runcorn Examine-, published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers'ete best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and e rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Warrington and Mu-Cheshire Examiner. nub Hiked every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE S. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE ELINIINEIC SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APA.RTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks, 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. DECEMBER 27ra 1901.

SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKY. 2/6 PER INIPERIAL QUART. ALSO IT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6, & 5/3, periquart. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/- & 3/6 per bottle. PORT WINE from is rut IMPERIAL QUART. Bottles Included in all (be above prices. FULTON BROS.„ Wine Merchants 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central Station).

BRING YOUR XMAS STOCKINGS AND FEET, AND PUT THEE INSIDE A PAIR OF ALF. TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL Boors, 451 HoRSEIIARK&T STREET, WARRINGTON.

HEALTHY AND STRONG. When you feel" run down," and can't face your work properly, you have only to take a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, then you will relish your tood and pick up your bodily strength and spirits quicker than you lost them. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is The Best Remedy for Indigestion, Weakness, Nervous- ness. Loss of Appetite, Flatulence. Low Spirits, Sleep- , lessness and Chest Affections. TESTIMONIALS. Dear Sirs, Alltmelyd, I have suffered for years from Weakness, Low Spirits, and Indigestion, and the best remedy I have had is Gwilym Evans' quinine Bitters. I take it every year. and would not be without it for anything.—Yours truly, M. Wuddeus. A WONDERFUL MEDICINE. Sire, 22, Durden-street, Winsford. Some time ago I had the Influenza, and the Doctors could do roe no good with their medicine, so I took two bottles of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bittvs, and it has done me a lot of good. I think Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a Wonderful Medicine.—Yours truly. L MELLOR. PEOPLE TELL TIIE TRUTH. People tell the truth about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, because they are grateful for the good they have derived when suffering from starved, poor, thin blood ;or tbe exhaustion of nerves, and the worries fraca overwork. DONE MUCH GOOD. Dear Sirs, 33, Dunstoc-street, haggerston. Will you he so kind as to forward me three bottles of Gwilym Evans' Qainine Bitters (12s 61) as soon as possible. I feel that tios bottle which I have taken has done me much rood, and I believe if I take three more bottles they will set me to rights again. I am glad to say that I feel much better after taking one bottle.— Yours truly. M. MORGAN. RECEIVED GREAT BENEFIT. Sirs, 8, Campbeb-street, Stockton-on-Tees. Having received great benefit myself from taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters on different occasions, I wish my nephew, who is very weak, to give it a trial. Therefore send me, by return of post, a 45 6d bottle, for whic`i I enclose cash.—Youre truly, R. J. JONES. SAVE YOURSELF FROM IMITATIONS. Save yourself from the flood of imitations that fill the market. Insist on haying the Genuine Article. Look on the lab.% stamp and bottle, and find the name " Gwilyrn Evans." Then you are safe. No other pre- paration is *. Just as good," or " The same thing." Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles 23 9d and 4i 61 each, or will he sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamp', direct from the Sole Proprie- tors :—The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. TABLE TENNIS. The Imptemente for this moat popular game manufactured by Peo. G. Bussey Co. of London, are vastly superior to the foreign toyish produc- tions usually sold under this name. They make an exten- sive range, ask the local Sports Dater for G. G. B. It Co.'s special Table Tennis List. If not procurable, apply to 36 & 38 Queen Victoria-street, London. Factory—Peckham, S.B. —Advt 3.

_ +4 As% /illy% .i 2 rzfuo- ~Aillit, 4 3 Centre Iltaf 7,1, 1111 114410,4%,_-...,45,4a1ir 4 Klynker . eia 1 -..- 3 4. 5 5 Shuteezi . 5/.1

I 4.- - -., ~17 .r.,- ~,,.r Ally Color, 1...° ' 'l\i I ''''fiilir.;'- 1.• Pattern; ~. , . ili . •. , ..... - or Size. Flarinelette, 2/3, zo/- doz. ; Matting Cloth, 2/0,30/. doz.; Untearable. 3/0, 40/- dozen.

_ Shiq Cuards _:, • - 1' KNICKEEIS. ' .. • T. l' (ALL LEATLIP,R) ! N2Vi lei: (31-011/)44 ig.i. 1 10D, 1/6, 1/Sl, ! ~% Navy-1/6,2;0,310 [ ‘k4 2/0,2/11. kJ.J _ Ilia, 5/8 per pair ss p:-...._ .. CHROME. .........el 'The Forward, . , " The SCOT "1 / ..,,Y,, 0/ ) 9/0. s..or-- The Marvel name s.: (1/0) 1016. `Vt7.44•L:'—'Ci pattern browns/- - Poz OTIT-ER PATTERNS AND QUALITIES, REE CATALOG-MI

t, , $4 IF.: ~c 1 79 '' , ~.. tt, • • Pe'''.. +c,•,,, , * AN: ,OF,P‘lwiA4' f 4, 4.rtir •. 445 611,,recivg.R

t WATCH $ want FOR ORM DART WORK. - llnys tlea Carle can gO. a NICKEL- PLATYD. WATCH, arse a CHAIN sntl. CHARM, for selling &len packages of lITIA3THE at Ilvepence each. Hendyour full address including name of Cgunty, by return mill, eed we will forward the Bluino post said and a large premium it No money tualUirecL 13LUINE Co. (DeparStnent ' A 241, Gipsy Road, West 14orsrood, London, S. ~P;REMIEH"CYC;7O 3 SPECIALITY—HELICAL. TUBE. Premier in name and premier in reputation ever since Cycles first MTV] manufactured. Descriptive List Free: Easy Terme :: WORKS—COVENTRY.

MERRY WEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, &c. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. ITERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, RC.

HAVE you A SAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. peru.eps surrounded with inflammation and swollezthat when you press yeur finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are se ollen, the joints being ulcerated, the earns with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to' walk. You may have attended various hospitals cal had malical advice and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send a- once a Postal Order for 2s. ed. to R. W. ALBERT, 73-: Parringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee,: Ulcerated Johns, Carbuncles, Poisoned /lands. attl Bunions. IRegisteredCopyright:k . _ - •

..cIiTC.H LEY& ;;.,..-........'.:......,:iL,',:•4.4 .I:A..R.c,,H,cititl.,.i

cAsk your grocer for Jr! I ~,,I-thfrP.1M.,,,,,-1.:^71, . sym IN i.,.,,,,,, .::01.! .. ...1,,, ___-_-_=.----- "wintimunatt - ,C Co ,r . E E . - -...i...4.• -.''', The Purest and the bert. it .4.-...,' " • .'-'e ' ' 4,1- ry J r&':>.,...'•,;,4*'' , -,,N....5k, , -,..........„ . ...--. A CUP OR A GALLON , CAri BE MADE AS REQUIRED. ZTO N-8(03, It 4 r t i.v ;t....0, 0.4. d' . 44ki 411NDON..

-g....,4,4,:,..i,,,,_,N,,,,•,„,,,-,;,1,...f.1..,;,::::,,:cr4v,,,,,,,,,,- I:'4DON'T COUCH USE ~ il : KEATING'S LOZENGES r, ,q.k.., FOR YOUR COUCH. 1 4 .., 4 " RICY DOCTOR WILL TELL TOL, "there ~ , Is no better Coneh aledicine."—One giVen It ~.; relief : if you suffer from cough try them ~ *f..N. not t InjureDe' they hieittlf!, an Increasing C. sale of over 60 years is a certain test of i.; their value. Sold in 130. tins. ! . 144144411*20104WaVitkr 'fr.'''. nirsWll.4:'.

WOMAN'S UNFAILINO FRIEND k TowLE, sP E N sY EO EY L DILLS 1 FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THF. DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, & 2;9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where OH receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Beware of Imitations, injurious woof worthless.

ID Ti a wonderful water prooter for ales' tBeOLIBOTanEd IpresHerAvßes4 lit ti eat Se . leather Pleasant odour allow Wish- lag with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGH r*-.IT AWA 'IDS. , Dubb in . , ins 2d.. cov g" ~ 1 . (sr. 2 6 of Boot Makers, Sa..d'e,s, Ironmoneers .50c. Mannfnctory East Dulzinch, London.

4)104 A -11-Pg. GOUT A, sE.,„;-. • FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM eCIAT T CA, LUMBAGO. The excruciating INin is quickly relieN ed. vre, Sale effective. All Chemists and Stores at ls. lid. and 2s

THE WANT Ok' TUN UA`k. MAKES STANCHED LINEN LIICH NEW. ri-H E GREATES I 1300 N ever o bored to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory finish to Starched Linen. Laces, etc. does not stick to spider- web - like materials. Once tried always wanted. Used in the Royal Laundries. • Should he need in home. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, at and 6d. Prepared only 'T. CRITCTILEY,:, Blackburn.

THE-NRW FRENCH:RHIUDY. THER A PIONr This succ'ssful and highly . popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals ti 3 Ricord Rostan,Jobert. Velpeau. apd others, surpasses everything hitherto empiovel for impurity of the blood, spots, blot..hes, pains and sWell- ings of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, alseharg.s, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tin., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Null particular. send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARF, L9NDO,, %VW

re ants yias CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEYINC ALL PAM AHR;THRO3BINCIMD SO3R CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. it Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, lili. of all Chemists. EETEAM & Sari, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

11.. S 5 YEARS PROVEN.;EFF(CACY... , tr. 1 k /;TAKs .- - --,- --, v .1 ''' ~'"' .1115:1ED l', • ~„..,. ~, _.....,. i . C ~,,..,:.:, . \.,..,..... . : eogoollio ' .1 6cseficerinseeb 1 k i '',,,i ~- , • . , F,. . - l -..11 ' , . ' ..• • ' •-* ,5 i,,,:. ~,,...4,• - .F., re -- . -.- . ; ' • ;14 -...0 ~., . ~, - 0(?eOLDS•:.,;, • lit ,e 15, . 4.0y4A 6. BRoNatqw ~' i-. oF ALL . EfrusTs t' ,' 1115V-JOLU.TCP.EAT BRITAIN & TNE COLOIIIIS i i UNUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. •:' •••• •• FOR INDIGESTION a ITS EVILS, SICK HEADACHES. BILIOUS DERANGEMENTS. Z. 41 i . ;..) AN AGREEABLE 'APERIENT. • I KAYS TIC PILLS- -:- -1- -:- ..4. 4 .... I CURE FAGEACHE Z. NEURALGIA, I VERY SERVICEABLE IN NERVE COMPLAINTS. r' , t.,.....„-""—.A VOID /M/ TA 770N51:--..-= 4. ~'' • . . ThAtiSRARENT CEMENT, FOR ALLBROKEII ARTICLES. F.c. • . • . E 14 6 ,;

9 a IL, • W 4 PILLS CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS. Nanufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

1 r•••" -I-- , ! a , THE. "REFEREE". . SHIN GUARDS. THE "HO:X(7:1M" 10/6 ...•• .. 1016 All guards stripped across.) 0 613 0 A 3 0 ~.';\*. ' ' .1; ''''.‘; :::,',lgr6 pf...,-..1:41'. 14:C4.;..1&.k.. , (7 0 '...M.,-,t. 1...„ , . 1.... _., ~ t J it. ~ '• .. ".. 7'j.: I Also of,l 7-1 r'l 0u 7: Also 8 ti.i ..sj f.,IT IS I. ss 'l;• a I 11V 1.. i/VIA 11 0 0 rtlig4 , ralgbY r 1. I, ' ~:f: ~ " ' , , ~.' , tty Rugby , .Rugby i 0 . j.. , , ‘ g 0.•••=:- 4.- "744 rCH ZJI .11..41p',. • 444 s . No. A larralLT .erviceable bell. „toot cow-1i,.....• Per !clot In shape. Welted seams. 1. strong linen I, ecanvas°i neuavnue- s hand-sewn cases, complete with best rublit: Waterproof. straps and buckles —9O. - bladder. 2. Leather .. No. a size .- etejNo.S (match site 6'3 c,s Every section stretched and a te.‘ther, onedrh.moiA ... 1/6 * 4 „ ... ... 361 ~ 6 size 2 hammered., .1.. Tan Cape, lined chamois 2,3 " Shin and Ankle Gnarls, from 21- Postage 4d. In each case. S Price 10 6 post free. Postage zd. For other Qualities see list. SPEIAL FOOTBALL BOOTS. COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) 42 ikt, HOCKEY STICKS. 8 • 0 GAME (DK The" 4„., Itegubtlon Ash. Plain ~.. , , • 'ca. herniae, suital,le for aa " " ' yo ra ERBy. Pliable. ' - li \sh, , -,,,. Os., ladies 8; uth% 2Z ~,.. ` Ensures a i 4.... Regulation Ash. Q firm grip and ... \ %,... boiVirlia,),ll.le.:iil 6 _ _ 4N. when kicking. ; ' • . . • 'Ns co ,fr% rt, Brown ' •,mt.,,,.4,..,.-.....,,,...,..-....,—,..„--.,..-- . • o .. c>. 8 linsset Calf. ' Strong Hemp, steam tarred, wood pegs ... 33,1- V Meta's, 6,11 Ditto, Wltil iron pegs and steel rope .- .... 351- a, ' ~), I' outbs',7ll.l Very stout Hemp cord, steam tarred, with • _ Best Ash,sll . Ooi \ 0 \ Best quality wood pegs ... ... e_,!l- cane handle, ,i:' 0,..., to order. D)tto, with iron pegs and steel rope „. ... 90/.. bound and ' • v 12/0 Special cheap (me, with ash pegs and strong '• d Polished, rile.] 14 .4• Scot eli hemp head lines ... ... ... ... 311- to ally club in the 'Re. Chrome, marketall weights. 'oii guarau teed FOOTBALL SUNDRIES. Price, 4/6 waterproof, . 6 6 mews. 8/6, 1 Leather Ear Guards,lllo. Cape, 2/11. Postage 3d, Do, with cork ell ***l 11 10/6, 12/6, Football Goals, from 121- Per set. Carriage extra. Co., cane and rubber baud e. ir• _ The " UNIVEUSA N." Boundary Sticks, with flags, 121- per doz. Carriage The Gazzate" Champion ~ esen. CI,. Men'e, 5j11; Boys', 4111 , extra. 4 3 9 •ra "FORWARDS," extra light, } ootball t lagS (any colour), 416 & 616 doz. Post 3d. Bent Ash *** d* -- Chrome. Sill Brass Intlatota, from 101 d. Postage 3d. and 64. . Oak ... ... ... •_4 6 Strong Web. Foot 101 l Belts, with double straps and „ ~ (extra stout) —sd. Postage, below 101-, et. extra.buckles,- ' . raps a . 100. Postage on single stick,. .m . 4.,,,,N. \ si• 1 . FOOTBALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS. • F 0 OT:(A,LLd eKiNegliCaKEßr S.. . FOOTBALL ..:..., - a . fit,p• ....„ combination of tolo 1 . ' ~,,, ~,.' . - 1-11:•,.. coloursit2. 9 4'l7vz,m, Wdignsdown, 114 ~. ~ „ • •:, opecial designs ii. .., \ , White Lambskin, Y .!.• 't•,',* z,' ' q • ~•4„.„ i )11 Wnite,lllo ... 2110 J,Ezi.R.S.E.YS. .;""""..-Ni` ~., .. . ~... - Colours, ~ .....- Navy Blue strong •k Flannelette— ~Plata colours. . ".‘ ',`,. \ • sit - ''', e k, ~'..„,,, It 4 'l.'ll'' lialrairtlet" .N' ' . - 1/I°Aille ail I in. or 2 in. i--,r,r.,--4 •' g stripes. -sr -,.. --'l'4 t i• '., -4`.. '', I ' aj-, 20 ‘,..„,„, / ..,,:\."‘ All Wool, extra & 4 In. stripes. \, \ \-` 'l"ali".. Sanitary Chest 24 zs ta :iii ~. ,e 1 n g 2)1,29 'S., . \ ~.,', Waistbands,slll Si- 22 2,4 26 '. ~.. ..11C 7i:- Best All Wool. cella colours or halves „..,\‘' ' - ,N. White Flannel,3lll 2 3 216 212 3- i. :40 • t lit. vl.- -.. • „ • • i •• •,•ii reversed, &Eh IV. as . - '',".. Extra strong, dal Stout I collars. White, 36; 1i...,• ... .•.,, 3,11 7.‘ Postage on single OW ,d. "' Poetage 3i, pair,2 pairs 4d. Other ilii.tcr a ,- e.. iI, i. _ _ . _ ...__. --.... .----- Writ- • " Orders over' Paid (unit stated). E.C. I
