===== 0002601_19010719_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
77 C , ;BURCH ST., LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
SAILINGS.

To GREENOCK AND GLASGOW."

" PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW. Atat. Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. 11,4 t. fuly 2.lrd 3.33 p.m. Sat. July 20th 2 p.m. .8.25 p.m rl 11117 c pntah 420 ng.T. 117.1.17221P:...712t))..mm " from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central.) tIP0;a1111(4.11T FARES :—Cabin. lls. ; Return (valid or bElap.°lltl3lo. 16s. 61. Steerage, Single, be. 6d. '%llll-441. RETURN TICKETS, including adrassion to the n (valid for 10 days), Cabin, 14s. ; Steerage, 81. 3d. '41:411,1T1D (Friday till Monday or Saturday WI Tuesday). '• Steerage, 7s.

LANGLANDS AND SONS. I°. lIIISIFORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE h. nv•NI... lAIRY.W!. ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) 1 BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.15 p.m. 1 DOUGLAS to BARROW-8.30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10.55 a.m. Special. 1 Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon Ns Od Trains run Third class and Saloon 15s 6d alongside Third class and Fore Cab:n.llB 6d steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE,— CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, .sr vice versa, c‘n now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon— .......... -198 6d Third-class and Saloon 141 Cd Third-class and Fore Cabin 1.08 Od The joa,ney may be broken at Orange. Ulvereton • (for the Lakes). Farness Abbey. or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer " DUCHESS OF MI oxsonin "Is now on the service. JAMES LIT us lc CO., Barrcw.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1162.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH RESTORA- TION AND IMPROVEMIsiNT FUND. An appeal has been issued for £3OOO for the Restoration and Improvement of the Parish Church. The parishioners have all been invited to contribute but it is believed that there are many outside the limits prf the Old Parish who would recognize the claims of the nifther Church upon them. Subscription, from all such are earnestly solicited. The following amount, have been received or promised. s. d. Lord Lilford Hon Minor Wilson-Patten lion Elisabeth Wilson-Patton lOO 0 0 Messrs Greenall Whitley and Co. /00 0 0 Messrs Walker and Co lOO 0 0 Mr Isherwood 5 5 0 Mr H T Fairslough 5 0 0 Mr J Dewhurst 5 0 0 Rev H A Lester Rev T W Cook 14 0 5 o Rev Wilfrid Stanton Mrs Howard 0 10 0 Mrs Beamont lOO 0 Mr P Price 1 1 0 Mr Abdey Mr W Scotson, junr. Mr J Charlton Parr lOO 0 0 Rev E J Willcocks Mr Walter Ashley Mr Thomas Lloyd 0 10 0 Mr T H Lyon 25 0 0 Rev M Stevenson 2 2 0 Training College Offertory Mr J G Craik Mr 11 T Harding Mr William Watson 1 1 0 Mrs Brundrctt The Rector

942 17 1-0

===== 0002601_19010719_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
1 CHESTER, MANCHESTER, AND LIVERPOOf 1 DIOCESAN INSTITUTIONS AT WARRINGTON. The Anniversary of the Widows' and Orphans' Bane lit Society and Clergy Daughters' School, will be kept at Warrington on WEDNESDAY, July 24th. 11.0 Subscribers Meeting at Training College. 12.0 Divine Service in the Parish Church. Preacher, Rev W L PAIGE COX, SI A, Vicar of Rock Ferry and Rural Dean. 1.0 Luncheon in the Clergy Daughters' School. 3.30. Concert and Prize Distribution in the School by the President. BERESFORD V MELVILLE, Esq.. E.P. Tickets for luncheon 3s each, to be obtained at the doors. Intending visitors are requested to send notice on or before Wednesday, July 17th, to the Hon Sec, REV CANON WILLIS The Rectory, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE

SALE

SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE

===== 0002601_19010719_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
JAMES ATKINSON'S

ANNUAL

, SUMMER SALE

IS NOW PROCEEDING.

EVERYTHING REDUCED.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME MARVELLOUS BARGAINS

WILL BE OFFERED IN

COLOURED DRESS LENGTHS.

MANTLES, BLOUSES, MILLINERY, COSTUMES. &c.

7, 11 AND 13, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
BY POST{ IS 75d per Quarter, 6a 6d per annum IS gd. per Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19010719_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD EVERYWHERE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. Appointments unnecessary arranged_ _ All consultations free. Bacb patient Intone- d beforetancl of work required. sold and other fia4ags at moderate charges. An ?f .0.. also Lady Attendants,.

TEETH. TEETH TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

but may

TEETH. TEETH.

Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. Maker to Daum!. of 10.1:100gallons weekly.

J.

Ilion, of the late H. PARKINSON

(DErrie? BY MCA.M.)I' MANCHESTER- - 46, MOS LE Y-STR 37

(Telephone 1680),

JULY 22ND TO AUGUST 6rEr.

-- 4 re A. WONDERFUL WATCH." 508. A thoronghly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENHLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HA.LL-MARKED CASES), well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Dona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with soon watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Ltuaette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., we tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Bent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

UNDER THE CLOCK

IN

BRIDGE STRSET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD 1300 TS.

IHE WARRINGTON &ATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AIERNTS BICERRSHAW COAL). HEAD OTITICIe AND WHARF e ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office Marion Street, Warrington

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FRITALE CO:4PLAIHT SMITII HRS. Grand-daughter to the Widow ' Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints haw obtained far It a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase Is prepared by Mrs. Smithers. who is the only Person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, Ind signed on the Outeide label by ?Irs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS & SON 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul 4. London, are 'engraved on the Government; Stamp, Sold I Boxes at 28.9 d. each by most flhemists.

ltmßs.

R. tIOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMES'-STEBET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAN EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. Bcc. References :—Werrington Cemetery Chtzreh and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams :—" ROLLINGWoRTH. Latebtorcl."

UMBRELLAS UMBRELLAS /1 TRH LATEST ROVE TIES SUITABLE TOE PRBSEIN LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W4.:.,XING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RisuOVBEED IN NAL/ AN NOON FROM $B. eD, T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, AIA.NCIIBSTER.

FOR GENERAL STATIONERY, INCLUDING ACCOUNT AND RENT BOORS POR 1&01, TOGETHER WITH A VARIETY OP USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL GOODS, GO TO T. C LARK', io EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33 MARREI STREET. BAELBSTOWN.

NIA URICE AND Ma ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHASE I OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver, Old-fashioned Jewellery. Diamonds, Watches. Plate. &a., An. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT TiR 1 FOREIGN EXCHANGE, 47, UDR-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elllot-street). N.B.—Money advanced upon Diamonds, Watches. Jewel le ry. &a., at low rates.

CLOSED FOR SUMMER HOLIDAYS.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
REMOVAL.

OLIVER AND CO.'S FIRST-CLASS BOOT MANUFACTURERS AND REPAIRERS, INPORII THEIR IPLISIEROUS CUSTOMERS THAT THEY ARE NOW CARRYING 8N THEIR BUSINESS AT

===== 0002601_19010719_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
12, BRIDGE-STREET,

LATELY OCCUPIED BY MESSRS BURROWS AND COLLINSON, WHERE ALL ORDERS •RE NOW RECEIVING OUR BEST ATTENTION. Thanking you kindly for past favours, and hoping for SOD. tinnanoe of same,

OLIVER AND CO.,

12. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AURICULTURAL BOCIRTY. •

===== 0002601_19010719_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 12Ts ANNUAL SHOW

MILL BE MELD AT

WALTON PARE, NEAR WARRINGTON.

Or THURSDAY, AUGUST BTa.

ENTRIES CLOSE 17Ta JULY.

-- • APrLr H. BERESFORD MELVILLE, Secretsry, 23, Bold Street, Warringtou*

===== 0002601_19010719_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE SALE

===== 0002601_19010719_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS I.7SE Mc DOUGAILL'S rArarn SELF—RAISING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST. THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901

LADIES' LETTER.

••••••IMEIN••••

UT DUB Nimus, Speaking of sleeves reminds me that a charming one brought to my,notice yesterday was in the bishop style, but quite moderate in size, and on the top of the arm below the elbow there is an opening in V form, which shows a stimulated undersleeve of striped or tucked material. This underpart is arranged on the lining, and a pretty effect can be obtained in a linen or cotton bodice by having the undersleeve and vest of striped cotton, and the overaleeve of plain material. For a blouse in white or pale-coloured silk the tight understeeve can be striped with velvet in black or colour, and the opening over the cuff trimmed round with lace. A black crepe or other soft material makes up very prettily in this style, with an undersleeve of cream lace mounted Olit a white lining.

Cool blouses can J made soft white muslin. The inevitable tuckings are useful in giving them strength and also in keeping them in shape. One I saw 'has an embroidered collar, the second an embroidered yoke, and the sleeves of both widen at ere wrist. The first hat is trimmed with roses, and the second is of "pancake" shape, with a small wreath of ivy and small white heather for trimming. Small flowers and leaves have sne- ceeded,,though not entirely ousted, the enormous ones that have been fashionable for so long A dainty bat is pale tan straw, trimmed with a wreath of bluebells. Another has a garland of ripe corn round the crown and an immense bow of poppy•pink ease. The simplicity of such com- positions as these is all in their favour. No one should ever look as if much intentness of care had been lavished on the toilette. The idea conveyed is not a dignified one.

A nice way of making up cheap muslins is with a skirt edged with several gathered frills and a full bodice-draped with a frill-bordered fichu of the material, arranged to show a small pointed chernisette of either lace or tucked mousseline. Or the bodice may be quite devoid of trimming, different collars and fichus of embroidered net, muslin, and lane being in this case worn over it, according to thelancy of the moment; indeed, if the wearer ism-girt with a good figure, a stock-tie of glace silk vrilt be sufficient finish for ordinary occasions. White sprigged muslin is again to the fore, and very pretty and inexpensive it is. It is really better, -however, .to lauythe muslin by the yard, and have& made. up:at home in a simple, picturesque styie. The ,skitt ran be frilled or trimmed withivradrof lace, and the bodice may have either a rousbn 'bolero edged with lace and worn over a gauze or eitiffon blause-vest or be made in Sam style with lace chemisette. These white frocks look nice with elbow-sleeves, and sashes of pale-coloured chine or plain soft satin ribbon.

prett.

A very useful and ,y blouse is made in black siik, with ivory vest and under-sleeves, and the fancy collar of the ivory silk is appliqué with cream lace motifs. This blouse is arranued on 'a fitted lining of thin texture, which fastens in front, but the right side of the blouse is cut with a sloped extension, which fastens over to the left side, and there is a velvet bow at bust and waist. It is now essential that the costume for a journey, although it need not be expensive, shoald be fairly new, neat, and, above all, suitable. It should, for instance, have a skirt of reasonable length that clears the ground well all round, and which has a sensibly-placed pocket; the jacket should be made so that it will really button up closely if required, and the blouse shoull be free from lace or chiffon trimmings, which look mere raga after a railway journey of a few hours. This summer liaen is a favourite material for travelling dresses, and, although it creases rather too easily to be quite the ideal fabric for the purpose, it certainly looks very nice, and is cool yet sub- stantial. In our ciielate, however, a long journey should not be undertaken in a linen costume with- out a woollen wrap of some kind to put on over it - should the weather turn chilly towards evening. Neglect of this precaution has caused many a bad cold ere now. A dark blue linen skirt, plainly stitched round the hem, and a short double- breastoid reefer coat with either a round or a sailor makes an exceedingly neat travelling costume, especially if it is a little smartened with a detach- able over-collar of embroidered eoru lawn or can vas and heavy linen guipure. The best blouse to wear with this costume would be a soft silk one, which might be eitherikolueer ecru or a pattern in prettily blended colours. White cambric or silk shirts have always a nice appearance with linen coats, bin they get woefully soiled in the train. Your loving Jemrie.

SUNSET AND LIGHTING-UPTIME.—A poist of some interest to cyclists and others was decided at the Scar- borough Mice Court on Monday. James Spence. an ex-police official, wss summoned for driving a vehicle after sunset without being provided with a lighted lamp. According to • constable, the offence was cons_ mitted at 9.37 p.m. on the Bth inst. The defendant die puted the accuracy of the statement to the extent of four minutes. and entered the further plea that there was a vast difference between the times of Greenwich and Edinbumh, and that the sun had not actually set at Scarborough at the time masted. The magistrates dis- missed the summons.

Her eyes slowly came back from that world where she had been, and she saw me at last. I could see the recognition cotnimr like wnter that move' under ice; but no light of love came with it, only a sudden, bleak gleam of horror—or hate, I dared not think which.

"You—you!" she said. "If it had not been for you—" Her voice died, then rose again, chokingly. "To atone—" she cried, aloud. 'Sheila—save—find—you must find--' Her breath went with a gasp. She pressed her hand over her heart, half sitting up, her face con- vulsed with pain. I slipped an arm behind her houlders and laid her gently down again. She yielded • but as her head touched the pillow once more she raised both hands, laying one os each of my shoulders; and then I saw a terrible thing that almost forced a scream from my lips. I held it back by force, but my forehead was wet, and a wave of sickness swept over me.

My mother invariably wore long sleeves with her evening dresses, though sometimes, as to-night, they were of thickly shirred chiffon or gauze.

I knew the reason for this whim of -hers—for a whim those in ignorance of the truth might have called it. On one of those beautiful white arms of hers there was a thing to hide—the same thing which that other woman had so ostentatiously displayed in the theatre. Now, as she lifted her arms, the sleeve fell bat 2 from the right one, cut and torn from wrist shoulder, spotted here and there with crimson. And where the purple scar had been there was a fresh, raw burn, as if the flesh had been cauterised with red-hot iron.

"The West Wing," she panted. "The West Wing." I knew that she strove to say something that she could not utter, and I tried to help. "The West Wing, at home ? " I asked. "Is there something I can do for you there ? " She answered only with her eyes. They seemed to say: " Y es—a hundred times yes " And having said it, they closed. Her hands slid from my shoulders, and, faint and shuddering, I softly laid the poor hurt arm down by her side. As I did so, Swift came forward. I had not heard her enter the room.

"Go and tell them to send for a doctor," I exclaimed. "Quick—she is very ill." Swift went away again. It seemed to me that she was gone a long time, though I do not suppose it could have been more than five or six minutes. I bathed my mother's forehead and hands with the eau de Cologne, but she did not speak or open her eyes. "Have you seen her ill in this way before?" I asked Swift, when she had returntd. "Never so bad," the woman answered, in an awed tone. "But she has suffered with attacks of palpitation of the heart sometimes. She told me was never to mention it to you, and I haven't till nosy. There's some medicine in the next room, I've dropped for her more than once. I think it's called digitalis. Shall I get it now, and try what it will do?"

I nodded assent; and presently Swift came back , with a small bottle.

"The label's been torn off lately," the frightened maid announced. "I can't remember what the dose was. I daren't give it to her ladyship, miss. And, oh, only look at her! Her teeth are locked together. It would be hard to get her to swallow anything now." Somehow the time passed, and the doctor came. Afterwards, I heard that scarcely twenty minutes had gone by between the moment when Swift left me to take the message downstairs and that when he arrived. But the minutes seemed ten times twenty. The doctor was an elderly man, with grey hair and keen eyes, and a quick, concise way of speaking that inspired one with confidence. He asked questions as to my mother's previoui state of health, smelt the medicine in the unlabelled bottle, and put it aside. Evidently it was not what was needed now.

He sounded the heart with his stethoscope, abruptly ordering Swift to get brandy and bring it to him as quickly as she could. Bending his face down, with his ear at the instrument, I saw his eyes suddenly fall upon the fresh burn on my mother's arm. For her sake I could have wished to hide it from him, for I knew how sensitive she had been regarding the scar, what anger she had shewn when once, as a child, I had tactlessly asked her to tell me what it was, and how it came to be there. But I had resisted the impulse to cover up the spot and conceal it from the doctor, thinking that the injury —which must have caused great pain and shock— might partially account for my mother's condition. "What's this ?" the old man brusquely asked, turning with a slight frown to me. "How did she burn herself ?"

"I —don't know," I stammered. "She has been out, away from me for several hours, and only came in a few minutes before we sent for you." "Humph I" he muttered, his bushy brows drawing close together. "She has had a shock, and—the heart is very weak. You are her daughter?" I nodded; for tears choked my voice. "I'm afraid I ought to warn you, then, that she is in great danger. If the action of the heart---" Swift's return interrupted him. But I knew what he would have said, as well as if he had finished the sentence.

"Cut the other sleeve open," he directed the maid. In an instant it was done, and with a tiny hypodermic syringe he injected brandy into the left arm.

This he did again and again, each time raising a slight lump with a tiny dot of red on the top. while I watched in silence, my heart beating fast in my throat. At last her lips moved. "The—West Wing! " she said again, with a fluttering breath. The words ended in a long sigh. A curious, indescribable 'change came over her features. Never had she been so beautiful. Never had she looked, since I had known her, so thoroughly at peace. The doctor's hand was on her breast, his eyes on the wonderful, marble face. For a long moment he did not move. Suddenly, my mother's long lashes quivered, and her eyes opened wide, black as mountain tarns at midnight. Whatever she had seen before, when she had seemed to look through and beyond me, she now saw, or thought she saw, once more. "Mother!" I cried out, sharply. "What is it— oh 1 what is it ? " "My child," said the old doctor, "your mother has gone to sleep. She will not wake again in this world." She was dead. And she had died seeing It !

- '''':,•,.',4:61 lip. . .., .., / ( 4. , /,‘„,-.76K1 1 ~ 45,4". '1 . e2p • '/ ~frr ~ e,,,N ,- ii)i :._;,..7... ~.i i.,„ ~ \ , 4. - -. .. I/ i >N.. -r;- ~'--"0-,•-: // • • 1 r., L- mfr. • /,- be of

1 _. -- • ' ' a. r ~... i.... i„ ~... . ~.„ ....,..,.......t. Aii \\ , ~,

....... _. \ ~.• -4,t..,,,, , ..._- - - .14 t , t/ : /2 \ . \ \\, 1 t ` o s

===== 0002601_19010719_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPIIS.

Tin clock seldom gains anything by striking. WHEN is a blow from a lady welcome?—When she strikes you agreeably. THERE are some things money won't buy— morals and manners, for instance. No philosophy will keep a man from falling in love ; but lovc will interfere with a good many kinds of phiiosophy. A NATURAL MAY.—" Then he did not fall On his knees .when he proposed ?" "No ; he stood on one foot."

"Sandy, are you cold with the kilt?" sandy: "Na, moo; but I'm nigh kilt wi the cauld." JUDGE "Ha vlin't I seen you before some- where?" Prismier : "I shouldn't wonder. I have been hi Borne queer places in my time." Vv'liv can a inan's nose never be longer than 11 inches.—Be.iause if it were 12 it would be a foot.

THE compositor who m.acle the line " Sveet are the uses of adver,ity " ,:cad "Sweet, are the uses of advertising" certainly knew what he waa about. A.B.—"Do you suppose that kings and queens are like ordinary :nortals ?" B—" Certainly. I have no doubt that a queen asks her king if her hat is on straight." YOUNG DOCTOR —" I'm doing very well. I was called up three nights last week." Old Doctor— "That's good ! I hope you never forget to appear annoyed on such occasions?" REASSURING.—Patient: " Look here, doctor, do ycu think you will ever be able to tell exactly what is the matter with me?" Doctor: "Oh, yes; Iwill find that out at the autopsy." BOBBY —"Dad, what is a mutual friend?" Mr. Fog—`• He is generally one who makes it his busi- ness to see that you don't miss hearing the nasty things your friends say about you." MRS. GIBBS : "Your wife is such a sympathetic woman, Mr. Tibbs! It takes very little to move her." Mr. Tibbs : " You're right, madam. Eleven times in four years, and she's looking for a new house now." SHEi: "I could have married either Barr or Scott f I'd wante I to, and both of them have grown quite rich, while you're as poor as a church mouse." He: "Of course. I've had to keep you all these years. They haven't." "SAY, Maud," said Minnie, "did you see Mrs. Jinkle's new vase?" "Yes, isn't it perfectly horrid !" "I dont' know yet. I haven't found out whether it is modern and perfectly horrid, or antique and perfectly lovely." PRACTICAL PIIILOSOPIIY—" Ah, well, Mrs. Jen- kins, them as lives longest sees most ; but as I often says to my old man, says I, a kind word's an easy obligation, and goes a good deal further than a hobnailed boat or a quart pot, says I." EXCITED INDIVIDUAL "Guard, I've been robbed. I left a paper parcel containing five poems on that seat, and now it's gone. Guard— Well, you can write 'ern over again, can't you ?" Excited Individual—" Yes ; but there was a sand- wich in the parcel, too. THE postman left a letter at the house of Mrs. Binks-Jones, whose son is at college. Mr. B. J. : "Here is a letter from Charles." Mrs. B. J. : "Read it." Mr. B. J. (reading): "My dearest darlingest mother " Mr. 8.-J. "Good gracious! The young scoundrel needs more money again." FIRST NEWSBOY: "There goes a gent. Chase him." Second Newsboy: "No use. Just saw him come out of a barber's shop. He'd heard all the news there." LITTLE GIRL—" I'm afraid to go to sleep in the dark." Mamma—" Nonsense, dear. Remember that little angels are with you." Little Girl (10 minutes later)—" I can't go to sleep, mamma ; one of the little angels is biting me." HE : "Darling, will you miss me when lam far away in a foreign land ; " She: "Yes, dear • but you will write to me often, won't you? What a chance it will be for me to increase my collection of foreign stamps !" "You see, my dear," 'said Mr. Younghusband to his wife, triumphantly, at 3 a.m. the other morning, "the moment I begin to sing to baby she is quite quiet." "Yes," said his wife; "she is easily frightened, poor little thing." AN American girl once got Paderewski to give her three of his autographs. "One," she ex- plained, "to frame and hang up in my bedroom, one to carry with me always, and one to paste inside our piano to improve the tone." PROMOTING PEACE.—" I have here," said the caller, "a poem advocating peace." "I suppose," asked the editor," that you honestly and sincerely desire peace?" "Yes, sir." " Then burn the poem." BRIDESMAID: "You poor, frightened darling! You looked scared to death at the altar." Bride "Yes. George trembled so I was dreadfully afraid he'd loose courage and run away." "I TOLD you you couldn't keep a secret, Ethel." Well, I can." "You've told everybody what I confided to you the other day." "I know that: but I've got the secret just the same. They haven't taken it away from me." THE DEPTH oe His MEANNESS.—He had ex- pended every epithet abusing the parsimony of his enemy, and he had at last to pause for lack of breath and say, "You—you—you are mean enough to steal the acorns from a blind pig." THEY had had a little party of guests at the house, and he remarked to his wife, as he was getting ready for bed, that he flattered himself he had acted the part of host in rather a brilliant manner. "I can only recall one brilliant action of yours," she said. "What was that?" "Lighting the gas." NOT EASILY FRIGHTENED.—One must admire the firmness of an absentee Irish landlord. "stop where you are," he wrote to his agent, "and if my tenants think they will alarm me by shooting you they little know the man they have to deal wii h." DANGEROUS SPORT..—An Englishman shooting small game in Germany remarked to his host that there was a spice of danger in shooting in America. " Ab," said the host, "you like danger mit your sport? Den you go out shooting mit me. De last time I shoot mine bruder-in-law in de schtomack." • SHE was standing alone on the beach, at an American watering-place, gazing pensively on the ocean. A youth approached, then paused. "No," he murmured, "I shall not disturb the current of her thoughts. She is communing with the spirit of this beautiful world." Then she saw him, and, turning, said: "I say, mister, how fur does this here millpond go, an' whar'bouts does it stop at ? " A FEW years ago a London member sat down, after his maiden speech, on a new silk hat which he had provided in honour of the auspicious oc- casion, and as he was ruefully surveying his bat- tered headgear, to the amusement of the unfeeling spectators, an Irish representative rose and gravely said, "Mr. Speaker, permit me to con- gratulate the honourable member on the happy circumstance that when he sat on his hat his head was not in it." The call of "Order, order 1" from the Speaker was drowned in roars of laughter. A WONDERFUL SAUSAGE MACHINE. Some Americans were boasting about their inventions aed the wonderful machines to be found in the States. One of them told of the well-known minc- ing machine which, a live pig being introduced .at one end, turns out the animal in sausages at the other. An Irishman, who was not going to have the Yankees riding roughshod over every other nation, turned cm them and said :—" Bedad, we've got the same machine in Ireland, only ours is more perfect, sure ; for if you don't like the sausages you cal., pu: them back into the machine, and, by reversing the action, they'll come out a live pig agin where he weal in." AT a big junction. Ticket Collector (examining passenger's ticket) : " This won't do, sir; you'll have to get out and—" Passenger : "I shall not get out. I refuse to be bullied by you; here is my card ; you have your remedy" (etc., etc.) Ticket Collector "I only wanted to say, sir —" Passenger: "Don't talk to ; you're only a menial; fetch the eation-master." Ticket Col- lector: "It's al: right, air." (Train proceeds, and passenger relates tales of his various triumphs over railway officials.) ' Scene IL—A dark 'and lonely railway platform. One melancholy figure, brooding. Passenger (thoughtfully) : "I wonder if that collector only meant to tell me I was in the wrong train.

DELAYS ARE DANGEROU S. If you suffer from RACKADHE.LITMBAGOJIRAVEL. KIDNEY DISRASB. DROPSY, WIND. WATER COM- PLAINTS etc— you will nod a posltive cure in Holdroyd's Grave: Pills. L Qu'L daisy, try tLem to-day. If not satisfied; money- raturned. Is lid all Chemists. cost tree 12 .stautpa, .Sold by Boom. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLBOKKRATOff. YORKS.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

A GIRL OF THE PEOPLE.

By MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON,

Author of "The Barn Stormers," "Fortune's Sport," "Miss Nobody," "Her Royal High. nese," "Lady Mary of the Dark House," Ste.

SUMMARY OF OPENING CHAPTERS Sheila Cope, in her first season, is taken by her mother to see Sir Henry Irving in "The Bells." During the first interval her attention is attracted to two persons. One is a young man in the pit, neither well-dressed nor remarkably handsome, but Sheila is indefinably drawn to him. The other is a woman in the stalls, who stares up at the box with a curious expression in her eyes. Having fixed Sheila's attention she removes her gloves and exhibits a curious purple scar on her arm. Sheila is startled, for a similar scar on the arm of her mother has been a mystery to her from childhood. Her mother also notices the woman with the scar, and becomes strangely agitated. She rushes from the theatre, and mother and daughter are just in time to see the mysterious woman get into a f our- wheeler and drive away. Lady Cope puts Sheila into a cab, and, in spite of the girl's protestations, gives orders to drive to the hotel, she herself remaining behind. Acting on a sudden desperate impulse, Sheila directs the cabman to follow the four-wheeler of the woman with the scar, instead of proceeding to the hotel. The cab goes slowly on till a vehicle passes it in an opposite direction. A ray of light striking the window shews Sheila a thing so strange that she is near crying out in her astonishment. Lady Cope and the woman with the scar are in the vehicle. Sheila's cab follows, but loses track of the others; and the girl discovers that her driver is intoxicated. Frightened, she leaves the vehicle, and tries to find her way home on foot. A lurking thief, who has seen her pay the cabman, attacks her with a view to robbery, but in the nick of time a hansom drives up, the thief flies, and from the cab descends the young man of the Lyceum pit. He confesses that having seen Sheila and her mother leaving the theatre, he followed, thinking they must be in trouble of some sort. Before he leaves Sheila, having put her into his own cab, he says that the whole of his reason for follow- ing her and her mother can never be told. Sheila drives home in great perplexity, a l very anxious about her mother.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 111. MY MOTHER COMES MOMS.

By this time my mother might have arrived at the hotel, to find me playing truant. If this were the case, I could picture her anger, and I shrank from the thought, for the beautiful, sad woman whom I loved knew how to make herself feared as well. Yet I prayed that she might have been before me, and was ready to endure her reproaches rather than hear that she was still absent.

I fancied suppressed amazement on the face of the hall-porter who helped me from the hansom, and handed up my fare to the cabman. "Do you know if Lady Cope has come in yet?" I ttaked, nervously. "I've only just come on duty, at midnight, miss," the hall-porter replied. "I haven't seen her ladyship." I felt unpleasantly sure that the big man suspected that I had been guilty of some imprudent escapade, which I was anxious that "her ladyship" should not discover, and from the good-natured twinkle in his eyes, as he held the door open and watched me fly towards the lift, he probably wished me luck. _ .

But in an instant I had forgotten him and his conjectures. I asked no more questions as to my mother's return, but hurried straight to our rooms on the second floor. _ _

I threw my cloak over the back of a•chair, and knocked at my mother's door, softly calling her name in a voice that would tremble.

There was no answer, and I turned the handle to peep in. Her room was in darkness. Perhaps, I thought, she had returned, and gone straight to bed, taking it for granted that I was safely in the house, and not wishing, for reasons of her own, to see me until morning.. I ventured to switch on the light, which was near the door. The bed was empty, the cover temptingly turned down, a silk night-dress and robe de chambre laid ready by the maid, who would be waiting at this very moment for her delayed

...... There was just one hope left, and I pressed the bell connected with the little room occupied by my mother's maid, Swift. In a moment she appeared. "Oh, miss," she began, "I was just beginninc, to be afraid something was the matter. Her ladyship maid you would be coming straight back after the theatre."

"Then she hasn't sent any word ? " I asked. This had been the one hope I had still relied upon. "No, miss. No word has come for me. Isn't her ladyship with you ? " "She—she has gone with—a friend," 1 faltered, trying to make my voice sound natural, for mother was not one who would tolerate having her private affairs discussed by a servant. "I came back alone. But—l thought she would have been at home by this time, or let me know that she was not to be expected till later. No doubt it is all right. Only I—l can't help feeling a little anxious." "Oh, if her ladyship is with a friend, there's nothing to worry about," Swift cheerily assured me. She had been with us for a long time, ever since I was quite a child, in fact, and I would have given much to ask her a few discreet questions, for it was just possible that she was more in mother's confidence than I was. But I put the thought behind me, and steeled myself in patience. "You look as white as a ghost, miss," the maid went on. "I do hope you haven't got a chill. Better have a cup of chocolate, and let me get you to bed. By the titne you're ready, her ladyship's sure to be here." "I'm not at all cold, and I'm not sleepy," I protested. "I don't feel like being undressed yet, thank you. you can go to bed, and when Lady ' Cope comes I will do everything that she needs. If she should be ill, or really want you, why, of course, I will ring, and you can slip into a dressing-gown. " Swift murmured gratefully that she was "much obliged for my kindness," but though she decorously retired, there was that in her eye which told me she did not mean to avail herself of my permission. I had spoken calmly, I flattered myself, but I had not been able to conceal from her experience that something unusual had occurred, and doubtless she intended to wait, clothed and alert, for any emergency. Never shall I forget the next hour. Though I had said I was not cold, I shivered with a nervous trembling, and mechanically sat down by the fire, stretching out my hands towards the blaze, which Swift had stirred into renewed life. On the mantel stood a small clock, that ticked in a whisper, and every quarter-hour uttered a silver note. The hands scarcely seemed to move; days have passed more swiftly for me than those lagging quarter'hours. I imagined my mother trapped by a villainous plot into which she had fallen ; murdered even, it might be—for crude tragedy did break into peaceful lives, even in this opening of an enlightened century. As I so thought, the deep silence of the room was ruffled by a faint, all .but inaudible, sound. It was as if someone outside had brushed against the handle of the door in going by. I sprang up, and. cunning across the room, threw the door open, just in time to catch my mother in my arms as she swayed and fell forward. She was a Juno in height and build, while I was a slender girl, whose forehead mune on a level with her chin, if we stood side by side; yet— somehow I held her. I laid her down, and sank on my knees beside her. I was quivering all over, and for a moment was powerless to move. When I could rise, I rang the bell for Swift, and rushed to my own room for eau de Cologne, I was back again before the maid could come, bating my mother's forehead, and begging her to speak, in a strange, weak little voice, that did not sound like my own. Suddenly she opened her eyes —those wonderful eyes, with the haunting shadow that hid their depths. She was gazing straight into mine, yet I knew that she did not see me, and felt, with an eerie chill, that she was looking through Me at something else. So unearthly was the expression of the white face that involuntarily I turned my head over my shoulder, half expecting to see that someone had stolen noiselessly into the room, to stand close behind me. But no one was there. Her lips were moving stiffly. I bent over her as she lay among the cushions, and her breath, as it rustled past my cheek, was cold, or I fancied it. "The scar—the scar!" she was whispering. "After—all—these years. What a fearful revenge! It is—my death." 4411Snther!" I cried, my voice breaking into s sob. "Don't say that; you shall not die. I am kete—vour Sheila."

===== 0002601_19010719_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER:IV.

A SOUND AT TIIII DOOR. Only one thing I recall distinctly in connection with that night, after the moment that brought the knowledge and shock of my mother's death. It 'Seemed a trifle to stand out, while other matters, niore important, perhaps, receded into the barb ground of my mind; yet the great events of life are reared on a foundation of trifles.

When my mother's beautiful dead body, in all its bravery of mist-grey crepe and glittering stars of steel, was lifted from the sofa where I had laid her down to die, I noticed something that had passed unobserved before, in the excitement of her coming and her sudden illness. I had half carried, half dragged her from the door to the lounge, after she had fallen against me, Tainting, without removing the cloak that lay loosely over her shoulders, and when I placed her on the sofa, the wrap lay between her and the nest of cushions.

When they took her away it was still there, and as I stood staring dazedly at the place where she had been it was stulldenly borne in upon me that this cloak was not the one which she had worn to the theatre; I had never seen it before.

She had 'gone out in a long, primrose-tinted wrap of satin, brocaded with great marigolds in shining threads of gold. She came home to die in a short wrap of lustreless black silk, lined with a deep shade of purple. I shuddered at sight of the thing, remembering the black, jetted dress worn by the woman with the scar on her arm, the woman whom I could not help secretly regarding as my mother's murderess. I could not bear to see it lying where mother had lain, and in a sudden passion I seized the black, purple-lined garment and flung it viciously frr— the sofa into a far corner of the sitting-room, where it lay in a heap on the floor. Next day my cousin, Roger Cope, came. He had inherited my father's title long ago, and was Sir Roger Cope. An estate which went with the baronetcy had also gone to him; but he had never lived there. The old home by the sea, in Doreetshire, which I loved, had been my mother's. She and my father were ch.tant cousins, and , though Roger had inherited the title, as next-of- kin, after my father's death, he was even more nearly related to my mother. Very little money had gone to Roger with the title and estates, for my father had been poor, my mother rich. and the new Sir Roger Co m let his

place in Dorsetshire, living in town, lie was a aolicitor, and since mother and 1 had come to London for my first season, we had been twice invited to tea at his delightful old chambers in the 2enaple. When we were ready to leave the Coburg Hotel— Swift and I—for the sad journey down to Dorset- shire, the maid came to me at the last moment,

carrying the black, purple-lined cloak in her hand. "What is, it miss ? " she asked. "I never saw

it before. It can't be yours—or my poor lady's. Was it—what she wore home that night—by mistake, perhaps? " "Yes," I answered. night--" I was about to add that the thing should be left in the hotel, where perhaps the owner would one day come to inquire for it, when I remembered that I might reproach myself later for letting a possible clue to the woman in black pass out of my hands. "Give the wrap to me," I said instead. "I should like to look at it." Swift laid the sombre folds over my arm, and - examined the purple lining for a pocket. There was one on each side, that on the left long and narrow, for the reception of a fan; that on the right only large enough for a purse and a handkerchief.

" She wore it that

I plunged my hand into one after the other, and at first thought that both were empty. But into the corner of the purse-pocket was pushed a tiny, crumpled bit of paper. I pulled it out, smoothed it between my fingers, and saw that I had possessed myself of a small slip cut from the column of a newspaper. "Lady Cope and her only daughter, Miss Sheila Cope," I read, "are spending the season at the Coburg Hotel, in Carlos-place." This gave me a new idea. I rang and sent for the manager. Of him I asked if it would be possible to find out, even now, whether anyone had called to see my mother while we were at the theatre on the evening of her death. In a few moments word came back that a lady

had called. She had seemed greatly disappointea at hearing that Lady Cope was out, and had inquired where she might be found. Our box. for the theatre had been ordered by telephone from the hotel, therefore the lady had been informed that we were at the Lyceum. The lady had been tall, dark, dressed and cloaked in black, and she had come in a cab. She had left no name, and nothing further was known about her. But it was enough to serve as an answes to the question I had asked. The woman in black had gone to the theatre in the expectation of seeing my mother, and for that purpose alone. The meeting had not come about by chance. No one save the doctor who had attended my mother, Swift, and myself, knew that anything mysterious had happened that last night. Though the doctor had asked a question or two, and frowned in a puzzled way at the burn on her arm, he had not hesitated to certify that she had died from an acute attack of the heart disease which had troubled her, menacing her life for years. Any sudden shock would have aggravated this disorder, and the doctor was certain that some such shock she must have received. Beyond this he knew notitina, save that she had been absent from home for a few hours. Swift was aware only that her mistress had not come back with me, and had returned later in a dying condition, while my knowledge was not of a kind to establish proof of foul play against any person or persons unknown. I did not even believe that there had been actual foul play. I thought that there was a mystery; that some news of a disturbing nature had been revealed to my mother ; that she had learnt some secret which had come upon her with a great shock. I wished to find the woman in black, not through a hope of bringing her to justice, but because I was sure that my mother had tried to repeat to me the secret she had herself heard. I could think of nc way of learning it, except from the woman who had shown the heart-shaped scar; and though I shrank with physical loathing from the thought of seeing her again, with her cat-eyes and wicked smile, still my reason told me that I must endeavour to do so if I could.

itly mother had liked Roger Cope, but I did not like him; and I could not bring myself to confide in him, establishing a new intimacy between us by relating to him the events of that unhappy night. I resolved to depend upon myself alone, and when I found the newspaper cutting in the pocket of the cloak, discovering, too that the probable owner had called at the hotel, I would not encourage the impulse to rid myself of the hateful garment. I determined to take it away with me to the country, and decide later upon a way of using it as a clue to the mystery. Perhaps I ought to have applied to Scotland Yard, calling in the assistance of the police. But I was reluctant to do this, for I felt that such a course would be abhorrent to my mother if she could know. Besides, there was really little to tell which could make the case seem an important one. So I kept the cloak, already vaguely forming a plan in my mind concerning it. We went drearily down into the country, taking my mother's body; and Roger Cope went with us and was very kind. Then came the funeral; and it was on the night which followed that my memory begins again ty paint vivid pictures of events. I was tired out. A pall of desolation had fallen upon my spirits and I had gone early to my room. Old friends of my mother's had come to me and tried to be kind, but it was a great relief to be alone. _ _ _

I had thought that when I had sent Swift away and was quite by myself, above all things in the world it would do me good to cry—to cry till I should be spent with crying. But when I stood by the window, in my long white cashmere dressing-gown, with only the cold glass between me and the furious storm, the relief I had been looking forward to would not come. I had no longer any desire for tears. I could not even concentrate my mind upon my sorrow. Suddenly I thought of the West Wing and the broken words my mother had stammered. Had she meant that I was to search for something and find it in the West Wing ? The West Wing was the oldest portion of a very old house; but there was nothing mysterious or secret about it, so far as I knew,

The chapel was there, unused for many a year. There was a great picture gallery, which was also ballroom, and had a gallery for musicians at one end. There were three or four little Avainscotted rooms which had once been sacred to the family priest as long ago as the days of Queen Mary. These connected with the chapel by a private stair- case, and my mother had used the prettiest root in the suite, octagon-shaped and mullion-windowed, for a study. She had liked writing letters and reading there; and when she had been in the "octagon room" it was tacitly understood that she ,was "not at home." Nobody was allowed to break in upon her writing or other studies.

Tliere were other rooms also in the West Wing; huge, lofty bedchambers, only occupied when we had a house-party, a thing which seldom happened ; !though once in a while, when Roger came for the shooting, people had been asked, to please him. Old servants, who had lived at Arrish Mel! Court in my father's time, soon after his marriage with my mother, could tell of gay doings, and the West Wing rooms full of guests, who Armed in the picture- gallery below nearly every night. But my father had died abroad when I was a baby, and we were travelling on the Continent, I had been told; so that the West Wing had few bright associations for me.

If my mother had meant to send me on a mission to the West Wing to discover something of importance to her interest or my own, I thought ' that, without doubt, I should begin my quest in the octagon-room. Probably many papers of hers were kept there, and only to-day I had come into possession of a bunch of keys which unlocked, among other things, the drawers of the old escritoire at which she often wrote. I would have given almost anything if she haa been able to finish the sentence broken short death, for I could not bear to feel that there was an ardent wish of hers which I might not be able to carry out. But I could only do my best to guess at her meaning, groping in the dark; and as the sound of her voice rang in my ears like an echo from the past, I was pricked to eagerness in the desire to carry out her instructions—at once, with- out delay. It was not yet eleven o'clock and no time would be better for my quest than night, when there would be no prying eyes about, no whispering tongues. To-morrow, at half-past ten, Roger was coming to Arrish Mell Court, from the inn at the village of Lull, close by, where he was spending the night. He had said that he wanted to have a talk with me on business of importance; and, as he had been my mother's lawyer for the past few years, I fancied it might have to do with money matters. I had begged for a respite of a few days before business of sow sort need be discussed. but Roger had urzed

===== 0002601_19010719_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Princess Henry of Battenbrg, who has been abroad with her cbilthen, since soon after the death of Queen V,otoria,is exwcred back at 04nome Cottage early next , month. The rumours that the King intends to sell the Osborne domain, or at least part of the property for building sites, are cf cowse, quite erroneous. Apart from the instructions which the late gleen Jeft with respect to o,tiorne it is scarcely likely that a place so historically associated with one of our greatest Sovereigns, would be allowed to Come into the market. Moreover, it may be el.:.ubted whether the King is more than a nominal tenant for hfe, as it is well known that Princess Henry has extensive rights over the gardens and park. . . _

Cowes will, of course,somewhat suffer from the Royal mourning,and indeed!the Regatta has been unfavourahly affected in this way tor the past two or three years. Last year this was cuised by the death of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg on July 30h, and to whose memory a granite monument, ordered by our laos Queen is about to be erected in the gardens at Balmoral. The year before Queen A'exandra. then Princess of Wales, was suddenly called away to atrend at the bedside of frr dying mother. On this occasion the fact of Osborne being closed will be sufficient to cast a gloom over the Regatta week, as though the King and Queen will prob- ably be present, their hisjestioa will remain on board the Royal yacht during thcir stay there. Lord and Lady Grey have intrcaluced a new methad of giving afternoon entertainments. By their invitation some four or five hundred guests assembled at one of the variety theatres, to witness a biograph performance, the pictures showing the Royal funeral, the Royal visit to Australia, the South African war, and various other suhl ets. The idea of using the theatres for special afternoon performances, seems likely to be taken up by Society, since it obviously relieves the hostess, in search of drawing-room amusemenrs,of a good deal of trouble, Among others who were present at Lord and Lady Grey's parto, were L ,rd Roberta, the Duke ard Duchess lof Portland, the Duke and Duchess of Ahercorn, Sir Deighton Probyn, and Mrs Joseph Chamberlain With the hot weather have come the usual complaints from many on the clergy, with regard to the very small attendances at the mai rrity of the services, Uncpp,F. tionably much might be done to alter all thid for the better. Shorter services, and better ventilation for example, would be much appreciated by those of u - accustomed to a very different condition of affairs. The Bishop ot Peterborough in his charge to the clergy at Kettering, qucted a new and original reason for the discontinuance of daily services. One clergyman stated that be had held such services for years, but the only people who attended were his wife and he, and at last he was obliged to discontinue the services honause the lady refused to be addressed any longer as "Dearly beloved brethren." There was however a third course which an incumbent is said to have adopted in similar circumstances. The only person who attended was th.- verger, and the clergyman having a strict regard for literal truth, and exactness, began the exhortation lac saying "Dearly beloved Roger,the scripture moveth you and me in sundry places, • At recent fashionable weddings, cenfetti has not been much in evidence. The newest notion is to throw after brides tiny silver hntse-shoes.starnoed out of stout paper. Pink rose Dk.tals strewing the sides of the path (for they stain cl-iinato white shoes) and the bright silvered horse-she, make a pretty mixture, and are expressive of kir dly and appropriate wishes. The frshionable colcurs seem to be pink and green. Not that other hues are neglected, hot these have the predominance Al a colour nothir gis prettier than rosy pir k, and nothing mnr, trvirsg to a sallow, ruddy or sunburnt face Only delicate blondes, anti those with clear complexions shou'd ever wear pink, which by the way is charming against silver-white hair. In pale green bright or soft in tone, thn yellowest among us have a complimentary hue. It should however he chosen carefully.for there is much variety in it,and near the face,blaek velvet, é .ru lace or7white chiffon, shou'd.. interpose White chiffon is never trying if tipped with black. A green and white striped silk gown a blank picture hat of reasonable siz,, aback and white ruffi • and a green sunshade lined with white chiffon, can toe worn by a'mosr everyone, whatever their colouritg, or the number of their years may be. The pict ore hat just now is of fine straw, but as autumn advances, black velvet will return to favour. Certainly it is most In( earning, and it wears fairly well Trimming for ti ewe hats will again take the form of long, sweeping ostrich feathers, quite in the old style. These plumes are not cheap to buy, but they are always a wed investment, for they re-curl, dye, clean, and re-dress,many a time. When the mode changes, feathers park away with carbon, in small space, and when they are again valued, a few shillings at once changes the laid by stock into fashionable trimming& 'I he hollow square. nr Icvnge shaped pastilles, with which gowns of all colours and textiles are beirg sprit k'ed at the present time, are now to he had separ- ately at all drapery establishments. Oa lace, gain •, or chiffon, which must look as if it had never felt a finger's touch, these catches must he lightly pasted. A little of the paste used rather thickly, not in a watery condition, fastens them well to these fripperies, and on holland, cloth, or silk, a stitch right through them, and well fastened off, at the tack, secures them firmly. They do not appear costly, these pastilles, but it must be remem- bered that for sprinkling a whole gown, a gross of them gees but a little way, and that next season if that same costume is In be worn, all these tiny additions that mark the date, must be carefully removed._

I clea

Sufferers from hay fever will not derive much corn. fort from being told that there is no certain cure for this peculiar form of malaise, which makes the best months of the year a burden and a terror to so many people. Those who kr,ow nothing about it, are quite unable to adequately sympathise with those who do, nor have they any idea of the extent of suffering it causes. In Germany where this complaint is even more 1' revalent film in this country,it has recently been the subject of szieutific investigation, and it is caesed, we are told by the pollen of the fl >wering grasses float- ing about. Bay has not so much to do with it, as the dried grasses are harmless, but on the more important question of remedies, so far, no easy Cure has been dis- covered. It is stated that the only thing to do is to get away to the sea, or acme high mountainous district but this advice is of Use only to the favoured few, who are able to pack up and go.

111,

" MADGE "

CONTINUAL CM2Es IN LANCASIIIIIE.—Errery week fresh evidence is reported in the newspapers Concerning the wonderful cures effected in Lancashire by Dr W,lliams' ; oink pit's for pale people. These pills have cured PIo I:a l 3 s id 9 ;1:1;1C:es rn arising nag': xf To. rheumatism, and sciatica a m impoverishment Of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bore's and lungs, anaemia, pale and sallow Com- plexion, general muscular weakness, loss of app7tite, palpitations, pains in the back, nervous headache and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. The,- are genuine only with the full name Dr Williams, Pink and bPyDkrPWillisllfioamr Ps'alMe ePdeiocpiniee'Caonmdpaarneve,°l446bnyoelbhnerrnniqVrgia'duct London, E.C. at 2s 91 a box, or six boxes for 13s 9'. Pink pills sold I,nPe or from glass jars are not Dr ae found Williams' pink pil!S licerlir them only in the pink closed wrarrer s &hove degeriberi. n this nag will be details of another rernarkah4 cure in Manchester. -41 P

Preachers who have Baptist ton atone of an On Monday on hi.. 91st birthday, the Be, Jchn Spur- r? eOdne, edr to!rat .h theiaid uienfto exten- sion of the euuth Norwood Boptiet Church, and made a long 3peoch. At Dunstable, on Monday. two gentlemen %rere accos- fel by the Myer of a motor car, who offered to give th' . m a tide. They entered the car and were driven through the town, where drainage excavations are in dprroiN!erresosi thlenctarr rang to avoid tuning over a dog the n int ) a trench, and all were thrown out. The two strangers were both seriously injured,and lay unconsciotn undrr the machine, one with a broken leg. Both were removed to Luton Ho.pital, where they remain. floe driver et the ear was unhurt, and resumed his:11;1mq? to Stafford •

===== 0002601_19010719_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
that everything must remain at a summon= well the matter had been thrashed out betvreen adding that he was only stopping at Lull for the, purpose; so that I had consented to see him, if. would probibly keep me talking long, and would have to be invited to luncheon (since life must IA on in the usual way, even in a house of sadness); therefore, if I put off my visit to the West Wing now 1 muSt wait, at all events, until to-morreif afternoon. I had sent Swift to bed, and I was sure that 1/111 other servants had gone to their rooms also— probably fast asleep by this time, for it had be • long, tiring day, and we were very early people $t Arrish lklell Court.

I took up a branching silver stick, holding tire candles, from my mantel, and went into the corridor outside my bedroom, which was dinitf lighted for the night by one hanging lamp. At the end of this corridor was a baize door, which opened into the West Wing. I was not a cowardly or superstitious girl, for my mother had brought me up in stern creeds, and I had no fear of going at night into a part of the house which happened to be unoccupied. Witb. out a quiver of the nerves I opened the baize door, and moved from a region of comparative light into one which would have been dark but for my two' flaring candles. I went on, threading my wall' through several intricate passages, past the empty, closed bedchambers, until finally I arrived at tht door of the rooms which had been sacred to priest and chaplain. There was a legend that these and the private staircase which led down to the disused chapel were haunted by the uneasy ghost of a certain priest, dead in the days of Oliver Cromwell. He wag supposed to have betrayed the master of the house to the enemy, and killed himself in remorse, ever after walking by night up and down the stairs or through his old rooms, telling his beads amid wringing his hands. But I had almost forgottes this story, and there was no thought of it in mf mind as I grasped the handle of the door. Suddenly, as I was about to open it, I hese,* faint stirring on the other side.

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19010719_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEATING THE TICKEI COLLECTOR. A Manchester Railwayman's Story,

" Yes, our lot is not altogether a happy one," Said the ticket collector: " We have to be constantly on 08 watch for the smart ' individual with an old ticket, en iinitation ticket, who tries to get past us in &Atte the many daily crushes at the gate. Snarp, shrewd eye° are r, quirPd for the ps,st, and it generilly rrquireS clever individual to outwit the ticket collector." The collector went oti talkiqe, and his story I"! worth printing. Not much eludes a aailway mall° shrewdness, and it is not difficult to see that inti god could be retied on as fact. Ahout two years ao, it appears that Mr Charles Bubll now a ticket collector in the service of the Lam3ashile and Yorkshire R Olway Company, and living in apart' ments au 37, Emmett-street, DI- wton Heath, stat'onnd at Stourport, Worcestershire. Later at cured his present appointment, and came to resid? the above addrea., 11.! 13 4 marrle.l man with two Oil.

tograph Although it was .._ _lmbent on Mr Bubb to tak- uP re•odeuce in N wton Heath, hi,. wife did not like CAii!y, and preferred tl rs•main at the obi W .rce tershire, at any rat.) tor a year or two- There was another reason for her staving at StourP°rt' d facts he detailed te the Msuchester reporter, who ale 4m in the f word. " Wile," n •" 0 o,,du is thirty-one years of age. mer. ,sides wit Sspioeunrypienlri childot,w ibisatorl e cbrcesi,ermits .weve Alter h two chiloren ~t N, 9. Herre the face bath 12. ollorfe 6e- bsl:;re suffered from lang ur and general exehYaeu3 dstulilon.aiale,l4-ealsl in no condition re take up tor residence in this monotonous Manchester. Months passed lors ti ere was no improvement. She csrsulted doctor, who told her she was s.ff,ring from anfr3/iii's and indeed shoo was quite bloodless. After some rants of treatment she went to another doctor, but for twt,oo months got no better, and bed gradually become 11",ee more than skin and bone.l occasionally went over to "ot her,and she has been twice to Newton Heath. I alcs°o despaired of my wife's recovers-, she had become of weak. M4cing known my wife's health to a friend mine he recommended me to get her Dr Williams' P.;‘,130 pills for pale people. He said he had taken them louhld he was very ill from the same complaint, and Vasil done him a great deal of good. He believed they 're the very things to put her right. I determine she should try them. I went to Mr Sherratt's, che'23.3110, ./ Queen's-road, and got a box of Dr Williams' pink Pi re taking to the chemist about them, he said they very good pills. Well, I sent the box to my wife Ptir vately, and told her to take thern,and le' me knew tb ffeet. She used that box, and wrote telling me seemed to be doing her good. Pleased at the reSnitt A sent bar a second box. The improver-ale, t contionere day by day. Overjoyed at the prospect of her eat recovery, I wrote and said I would semi t • s. a third bo!:i before the second was done. She replied that I gee; not be at the'expense of‘joirg so, as she could get tbei herself at the stores, near where she lived, She gtite third box, and to cut the story short, I may tell 4°4 that tbe three boxes completely cured her. After beillso ill and under medical treatment for a whole year, ,s°ur was cured hy three boxes of Dc Williams' pink pills t pale people." " How lonc is it since she regained her former 1003 and strength ?" " About six or seven months ago. The result, there' fore, is permanent " a Mr Bubb then went upstairs and brought el- portrait of his wife prior to her illness. noo The reporter could not refrain from Commenting or her pleasant features and honey appearance. "And she has not taken any more of Dr Willistat pink pills since the third box?" "No, but she al wars kept a box in band in case there should be a return of the complaint." ttl "Had she taken much medicine before beginning take Dr Williams' pirk "Yes, many and many a bottle." tbO "Do you know anyone else besides your wife and - At person you have mentioned who has received We' from taking De Williams' pink pills?" 014 "The landlord of the public-house near here tor them, and his wife told me they had done him a s'7sol derful lot of good One of the neighbours takes the and speaks well of them. I may also add my testimony. Some time ago I got very low-spirited 11.7/6 depressed, and I thought that as Dr Williams' pink Pot had cured my wife they woull do ma good, so I tract() a box. When I had taken half of them I was llitocl better, I never had a clearer memory in my life. thought from the rapidity with which my Wi"h"ee better, that she had been 'putting it on a bit,' but '4v" I saw her there was no mistake about it. They also me a wonderful lot of good." prie Mr Bubb, who is thirty-,10,ht years of age, and 111„„,t• specimen of a strong., healthy man, said he felt D'ocl rate, and was about to spend part of Saturday $ Sunday with his wife at Stourport." "I suppose you have no objection to your natneS $133 arldreoees being published P" elOt " None whatever ; I think it my duty, after sew the health of my wife restored, and from the belie let ha we received from them myself, that I should.oielc r• hers know about the efficacy of Dr Williams' o,ife Bs for Pale People, and to-morrow I will ask mY o go and sit for her portrait, and lot you have on' pc early as possible. I have already recommended Williams' Pink Pills to a lot of people."

,i;e° coo

" ' fie

-0- bier COMMERCIAL FeitzeEe.—According t " KPMP cantlie Gavnte," the number of New Bankropte'cosit ceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the rres' ending July 13th, an 69 The number in the Oreoe ponding week of last year wae 87. showing a Ire of 18, being a net decrease in 1901. to date. of

LARGh GUITARS, _ as. Special Offer. ITALIAN MANDOI , MAKIDI'S name 11 wood, ornamented ; 12s. 65. Carriage paid. A SONS. ST ANORGBS' ORBSONNT. TOP TBERT. 1848.

t

~ --k----';;A------ k••', ' ~ .; '" ....^-..., . —) ~..., --.0.--- 1 /1 //:,/ ///''///' t• 't 1 ill Il / IM • C Mas BUBB. From a Note it was incur- *

..,...,,..- 39. --- ---- t!)_-_--i-.-.._ :{-.Atr :-4--,,-1, a'' 00!,i Bea te" IS MAN lot STOCK OF - ' VIOLI NS, f Ousr,„r 'OLIN% 'lnside, 0 P" ARCiIitOSIY OF -

. ..I hUPOOL. Establiebed

• • ,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
10......--

%.......

our ri Pseuc RES & him tion Reath Ram nem ter o %yea

Web span brid; ~ /

argu, to th that cur i subji brici; obta Cour tow cult: the ?tee' o

osp o_che

like of li

reltB unti brid brid

peel brid

tiol3 OUR brU

1- -v- Wal

posi bey use obe

twc ly are at • if tga lia

ren

I Yoi

41 fini sit: thwi I a e all to as at Re th on - in ch all ot

V! ni in i

===== 0002601_19010719_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A • r

===== 0002601_19010719_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
tree pri nth, 'or the g. woulA

===== 0002601_19010719_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
ust

rdt Sit —wee beer • pie $t tWdimly LO dee At the which

irl, for Is, and of the door, EA into Ly two "1 empty, at tht priest

private ?1 were prieet, fe 'Yrs,

house e, ever airs or Is and rgotteg in my

torY,

ae." said y on Ctie, •ket r sAtre ,cool eY e" quire

via 6 )ry v WO: -ho story

les BO13 Linasnire n apart.. n, 000 ron 13- resict?t Iwo chit'

up th° tome io There

rt. Tbe lo clued

at, tberr

tiog uP°ll WiWOO' ass there nning to

3 and I haw' here el. 31 a aes my ° rited e,rio pink P"ot I bougve was clu''d Fe. "V wife g°o hut svbe'd y also cP d•°B 4t. felt f'red rdaY

iarr ci iesi

er berle'let arare ' •te mV ye one pc gaded

Vet' coP'- fro ,prc,7oeeic the ,rer irdeccor.esße

OteejOS' gusrloor lide:11 ~01,9. 01"1,0317 0.

I,

4l; 1,2,. ""a r

===== 0002601_19010719_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

The Question of Finance.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A Way out of the Difficulty.

From time to time we have published interviews With a local manufacturer who has placed before our readers his views on local topics under the Pseudonym of " Stisy Bee." Coming to the town as a stranger he has pointed out what appeared to him the weak points of our municipal administra- tion and has euegested remedies. Some of his sug- gestions have been or are being carried into effect. Knowing the strong position he has taken as to the necessity of a new bridge over the Mersey, a repor- ter of The Examiner" waited upon him this week to get his opinion on the rejection of Mr Webstet'e scheme for the canstructien of a single- span steel bridge in substitution of the existing bridge, "I have read very carefully," he said " all the arguments which have been adduced in oopositien I to the scheme for a new bridge, but I must confess I that they are not very convincing. I beartily con- cur in the remarks of the Mayor on this important subject. If the Council were of opinion that a new bridge was neceeiary when there was a prospect of Obtaining a portion of the cost from the County Council, it is hardly square or businesslike for them now to turn round and to refuse to face the diffi- culty because the financial burden will fail upon the Corporation. I hope the decision at the last meeting will not be considered final. The subject le one of pressing importance, and is of far treater urgency than even the erection of a new Police station, technicil schools or a small-pox hospital. A new bridge is wanted if the tramway scheme is to be a success. The present bridge is like the neck of a bottle through which the traffic of five converging streets pours. I fail to See the reason of any further widening of Bridge-street .tureitll steps have been taken to construct a new bridg l cantilevers on the existing gee, wohue gldßou fg :Cot c it ya n. iy be a temporary ex- pedient for delaying the construction of a new bridge, for in the course of a few years the Corpora- tion would be called upon to do what I contend they ought to d) new, and that is to or ct a single span bridge at that point. A single span bridge will have an advantage which the present one has not. Warrington is only just beginning to realise the valuable asset it has in the river for carrying put- Poses, and I believe the upper reaches of the river beyond the present bridge might be more largely Used for this purpose if it were not for the obstruction to traffic by Warrington bridge. The two but; resses erected in the bed of the river great- ly impede navigation. The Corporation themselves are sufferers in this respect for they have a wharf at Howley which could be more convenisntly used if there wete erected a single span bridge. Then, again, what is the value of the agreement with the Manche-ter Ship Canal Company as to the mainten- ance of a 41redged channel if no effort is made to remove the existing obstacles in the river." But what about the financial considerations? You caanot have a new bridge constructed under £20,000 " Well, the whole question resolves itself in*o a financial one. Everyone surely must see the neces- sity of a wider bridge, but the recent rise of Sd in the .£ on the rates has rather frightened the Council. lam not at all satisfied with the present way in which the finances of the town are conductel." In what direction would you suggest reform ? "The present system of municipal finance, although it may benefit legal gentlemen,is not right towards the great mass of the ratepayers who are entitled to receive the best efforts of the Chairman and members of the Finance Committee and the Borough Treasurer. It has been admitted, I think, that quite recently there was a temporary overdraft on the tank of something like £120,000 upon which - interest at, the rate of about 41 per cent, was being Charged. I temporary overdraft of such magnitude and at such a high rate of interest is not good finance. In fact it is very bad business, and Would not be tolerated for a week in many towns." What is being done elsewhere' in this matter? " I am coming to that. In all progressive towns where the liabilities are large owing to the numer- ous municipal undertakings it has been found ad- vantageous to create municipal stock I could name 50 first-class municipalities where this method has ben adopted. With your assistance I iive advocated it in Warrington for several years now but, no move has yet been made in that direc- tion. The C oporation are still advertising for loans. I was told a few years ago that the Corpora- tion were able to negotiate loans at 2t per cent in- terest. That was not so bad but I am certain that the , Corporation are not borrowing money at anything , like that rate now. The average rate of municipal stocks is 3 per cent and I feel sure that a consider- able saying cook' be effected in Warrington by the creation of stock. If other mueicipalittes have found it advantageousewhy should not Warrington? 'They have had the same difficulties to face and un- less there was something to be gained they would not have trcubled themselves about Corpora- tion stock. The result of the present system is the payment of a high rate of bank interest whilst the process of negotiation iq going on and the payment afterwards of a higher rate of interest on loans than Would be necessary in the case of municipal stock. Such a scheme as I am advocating cannot be carried out in a day. It requires to be very carefully thought out and put on the market at the right moment." And do you think the savirg effected would be anything like the amount required to pay interest and sinking fund on a new bridge? " The coat of the new bridge to the rat-payere Neve estimated to be a penny in the .£ on the retes. That amount, I believe, could be saved by the crea- tion of municipal stock. There is an excellent opportunity for the Finance Committee to do a go..d stroke of business for the ratepayers. I believe a longer period for the repayment of a large pot tion of the money borrowed could be obtained Tie Municipal balance sheet just issued by the Bcrolgh Treasurer shows a consid,rable excess of assets over liabilities, and proves that the Co, poration are not, anly able to meet, all liabilities, but that the pros •nt generw ion is being called Up^rt Z,o pay more than a fair share for the improveuatn;,B which will be handed dowo to posterity."

===== 0002601_19010719_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR'S BANK, LIMITED.

Report of the Directors. The report and balance sheet of Parr's Bank, Limited, for the 30th June, 1901 has just been 6sued. An extraordinary general meeting of the Company will be held at the Bank premises, Win- wick-street, Warrington, on Thursday, the 25th inst., for the purpose -of declaring dividends and conducting the ordinary business of the Company. The Directors, in submitting to the shareholders the balance sueet of the Bank at 30th June 1901, certified by the auditors, have to report that the position and prospects of the business continue to be in every way satisf ictory. Inzluding £95595 10, 5d brought for- w .rd at 31st December, 1900, the net balance of profits, after pro- viding for all bad and doubtful debts, and rebating the current bills at 5 per cent. 256550 7 6 From this sum the directors recommend : A dividend at the X s. cl. X s. d rate of 19 Der cent.

g s. d.

per annum for the quarter ended 30. h June, 1901,2ayab1e, free of income tax, on Ist August .—.— 69516 5 0 A dividend at the rate ot 19 per cent. per annum for the quarter ending Mb September, payable, free of in- come tax, on let November, to the shareholders whose names shall be on the register on 10th October

139032 10 0

The transfer to bank premises account... 20000 0 0

Leaving balance to be carried to next account —....---

139032 10 0

97517 17 6

A braneil of the bank has been opened at Market Drayton. CECIL F. PARR, Chairman. COARESPONDENCE.

To THE EDITOR OF THE WARRINGTON" EXAMINER."

Dear Sir, I have recently been imposed upon, and I wish to issue a scud of warning. Doubtless most of your readers are acquainted with the fact that two gallons of most delicious, thirst-quenching, home-made lemonade can be made in a few minutes from a aid bottle of Eiffel Tower Lemonade. It is, I telieve,sold by most grocers. I have been in the habit of using it with the greatest satisfaction, but going into a 'shop a few days back for sorne,l was recommended to try another make, as being better. I was persuaded to try it, but to my great dis- appointment found it was most inferior. This was most annoying, as I wanted it for a party. I have since ascertained that a larger profit can be made by the trader by supplying an imitation instead of the genuine article. Thinking others might be imposed upon in the same way, I thought I ought to warn your readers not to be put off with inferior makes when they ask for the genuine article. I am, Yours faithfully, A READER.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON -GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket. Warrington had Northern for their opponents on S and, all things considered, acquitted them- sealtvner3dacYreclitably in bringing about a draw slightly in their favour. Northern sent down a strong eleven whilst the home team was minus the assistance of E A Connor and Dr. Smith, two valuable members. They however had secured the services of W M Siloock. The 'Northerners had first turn at the wicket and were all out for the respectable total of 199. Warrington had complied 159 for five wickets when play was brought to a doe°.

--- G Holt and W E Stacey were the main support of the visitors as far as batting was concerned. Both players hit out freely, and singularly enough each made four boundary strokes. Altogether Holt put together 62, whilst Stacey placed 53 to his credit.

----- The Rev J Burroug,h had the misfortune to be hurt after knock ng up 8 runs, and was obliged co retire. Airey. Boucher and Ellsworth were in capital form, and piled on 17, 14 and 16 respectively.

--- Warrington had two hours in which to save the match and they took full advantage °tithe opportunity'afforded. J Callon was in grand form and had rattled up 67 when he was bowled by Shutt: He succee3ed in hitting eight lours, and there was not a faulty stroke in the whole of his innings. ‘74 Pochnore, Gibbon and J W Bibby also accomplirthed some very acceptable work, scoring 29, 25, atm 27 respectively.

-- The second eleven' encounter with Northern also ended in • draw. but in this case it cannot be said that the draw was iu favour of Warrington. Northern declared their innings after putting together 236 for 7 wickets. and Warrington had knocked up 87 for 9 wickets when play ceased for the day. Plinston was ;he top scorer for the visitors his innings being productive of 30 not out.

Cycling. A case of considerable interest to members of Volun— teer Cycling Corps was beard at Eccles on Monday. It appears that Ernest Warburton of Weaste, with four other members of the cycling corps of the CI) V .B.M.R. on the 3rd inst rode through Eccles on their bicycles at ten ten p m• Warburton had no lamp, but rode in the milt of the other four who had lights. On Monday he was charged at Eccles with riding without a light, and clairn,d he was entitled to do so, being a Volunteer on .+uty. He cons not in uniform. Captain Evans, ad- jutant, giving evidence in behalf of the defendant, said the men were on duty from the time they left their holies until they returned. It was not necessary for them Ito he in uaiform: The defendant produced his drill bosk. and pointed out that the case Came under the heading of " night Marches." The case was dis- missed without costs,

BLISTIO STOCKINGS, KNEECAPS, &C.—For Vario se Vein and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs. Sprains Ac ; they are porous, DOA in texture, and inexpensive, and are drawn el like an ordinary atocking.—Prieee 46 6d, 7e 6d, and lOs 6d each.—Postages free.—WEITE AND WEIGHT BUM' sal Instrument and Trussldakers, 93, genhase-stree - X 91411fireet, Liverpool,

SEPTEMBrat 7. Halifax v BrArgtston R Salford v Brighouse R Hunslet v Bradford Warrington v Batley Leigh v Oldham Hull v Runcorn

SEPT MB 4/i 14. Broughton R v Hull Bradford v Warring on Huddersfield v Swinton Brighouse ft V H unalet Runoorn v .Leigh

===== 0002601_19010719_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Kii;i" v sOldhim

SRPTEILBEB 21. Oldham v Huddersfield Hunsiet v Betlev Runcorn v Halifax Warrington v nroughton Leigh v Balton% Hull v Brighouse Rangers

SEPTEMBER 28. Swinton v Hunsfet Bradford v Oldham Huddersfield v Salford Brighouse Rangers v Leigh Warrington v Runcorn Batley v Hull

Oorossan 5. Salford v Bradford Swinwn v Broughton Oldtusos v Brighouse R Runcorn v Leigh v Warrington Hull v Halifax

OCTOBER 1.2. Raiford v Halifax Oldham v Ru .corn Huddersfield v Bradford Hunslet v Brighouse R Warrington v Swinton Hull v Leigh Batley v Broughton R

OCTOBER 14 (Um'lay.) Brlghouse R v Runcorn

OCToBER 19. Bradford v Hull Halifax v Huddersfield Brighouse Rangers v Batley Warrington v Oldham Leigh v Hunsiet Broughton R v Salford

°arm:vim 26. Bradford v Brighouse It Huddersfield v Broughton R Mangle. v Warrington Leigh v Swinton Hull v Salford Batley v Halifax

NOVEMBER 2. Broughton Rangers v Leigh Salford v Batley Halifax v Bradford Hunslet v ••winton Runcorn v Huddersfield Warrington v Brighouse R

NOVEDIBER 9 Broughton R v Hunslet Swinton v Halifax Bradford v Runcorn Huddersfield v Leigh Brighouse R v Salford Hull v Oldham

NOVEMB ell 16 Broughton R v Brighouse R Swinton v Bradford Runcorn v Batley Warrington v Hull Leigh v Hallf ax

Novmoms 23 Salford v Leigh Swinton v Runcorn Huddersfield v Oldham Halifax v Warrington Hunslet • Broughton Batley v Bradford

NOVEMBER 30 Salford v Hull Brighouse R v Swinton Huns let v Oldham Leigh v Batley

DECEMBEII 7 Broughton IL v Bradford Oldham v Leigh Huddersfield v Runcorn Halifax v Salford Hull v Swinton Batley v Warrington

DECEMBER 14 Oldham v Warrington Bradford v Leigh Halifax v Hull Hunalet v Huddersfield Swinton v Batley Brighouse R v Broughton R DECEMBER 21. Salford v Swinton

'IHE AAMINEIt, FRI )A Y, J ULY 19 1901

===== 0002601_19010719_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MARCH 8.

Broughton-TEM:Wm; v Oldham Salford v Runcorn Brighouse Rangers v Halifax Warrington v Hunslet Hull v Huddersfield Batley v Swinton

Lancashire County Union.

At a committee meeting of this Union he'd In ISlanehester the dates for the Junior Cup-tles were arranged as follows:— First round, January 25th; seeend round, February 15th. third round, 81,reh 8; semi-final, March 31st ; final' April 19.

Lancashire Senior Competition. A committee meeting of this body was held on Tuesday in Manchester, Mr 3 Welsh (Stockport) in the chair. The resignation of the Broughton Rangers Club was formallY tendered and accepted, the Rangers of course now being members of the Northern League Altrincham, Lancaster, Birkenhead Wanderers.and Morecambe were all admitted to I membership, but the application of Tyldesley for a similar Privilege was deferred for &lasi ieration until the next meet- ing, which will take place on Tuesday next at 5.30, after I which the fixtures for the forth() ming season will be arranged. Messrs if Collinge (Rochdale Hornets). 3 Under- wood (Wigan), and J H Smith (Widnes), were appointed as a sub.iornmlttee to adjudicate on the fixing of dates. etc, etc., whilst the following permits were granted; U W Haile Bigrigg (Cumberland) and Trevaael Parton (Cumberlandj.' to play with Stortkport. and F Barker (lon 61) to play 74 Widnes.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
,-.•,-- BOWLNG.

Newton Division Challenge Cup Competition Earlestown v. Newton le-Willows. ELAM at BARLBSTOWN. EARLEsTOWN. NEwT3N. P Talbot 2l L. Bartlett J Bedworth P Caldwell 2l J Vatnee ... 10 J. McMee lB T Boardman 2l S Thompson 2l W Holeate l9 J Barlow - 21. J Holcroft J Morris 2l T Ilarri•on l2 13 Powell lB WM/Hie 21

Tot 4 l2l

===== 0002601_19010719_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Total 162

Oldham v Halifax Runcorn vHroughtort Warrington v liuddersfield Leigh v Brighouse Hangers Hull v Hamlet

DECEMBER 25. Runcorn v Broughton R Warrington v Huctdersield Leigh v Brighouse Rangers Hull v Hunslet

DECEMBER 26. Brsdrord v Hunslet Huddersfield v Brighouse R Halifax. v Batley Runcorn v Warrlutton Hull v Brouihton Rangers

DECEIVE CR 28. Broughton R v Halifax Swinton v linddersfield Oldham v Hull Brighouse 11 v Bradford Runcorn v Salford Batley v Leigh

JAtitTagx 1 Broughton R v Batley Saßoni v Runslet qwinton v Oldham Halifax v Broughton R Runcorn v Rnfl wArring'on ,-13,e1f1,1 Leigh v Haidereflald

JANUARY 4. Broughton R v Runcorn Swinton v Leigh Oirlhtna v Salford Braclforl j Bat,ev Huddersfield v Hunslet Hull v Warrington

3&NUARV 11 Swinton v Brighouse R nidhAm v Hunsw Hurl 'et-afield v Warrington v Halifax Leigh v Broughton Rangers

JO/TWIT' 18. Swinton v WarrinatOn Braaford v Broughton 11 Halifax v Oldham Brighouse R v BuclderEfleld Huila let v Salford Leigh v Runcorn Hull v Batley

Jewu LRY 25

Broughton R v Warrington Salford v Oldham Bradford v IltridArofleld gantlet v Runcorn Leigh v Hull Basle," v Brighouse Rangers Halifax v Swinton FEBIESST 1. Broughton EV owinton Runcorn v Oldham Halifax V Leigh Warrington v Salford Hull v Bradford Batley v Huddersfield

IfgustuA.RY 8. gvainton v Hull Oldham r Broughton R Bradford v HalifaX Hudieraffelrl v Warrington Hunsiet v Leigh Runcorn v Brighouse R Batley v Salford

PEBRI/ARY Broughton R v Huddersfield Bradford v Glalbrd Halifax v 'Runcorn Brighouse R v Oldham

FEBRUARY 15. Salford v Huddersfield Oldham v Batley Halifax v }Omelet Brighouse R v Warrington Runcorn v Swinton Leigh v Bradford

E 131117 LIM 2. Swinton v Salford Oldham v Bradford Rnnelet • Hull Batley • Runcorn

1%1 ems 1. Salford v Warrington V Swinton Huddersfield v Halifax Brighouse Rangers v Hall Runcorn v Bradford Batley v Runlet

===== 0002601_19010719_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
AT NEWTON.

ELRLESTOWN. F Mottram A Lomas R Sherlock Clough R Partington J Savage R Anderton J Gee -

..—.. ____. NEwros. 18 H Crouchley 2l 20 J Ball 21 II Ho gate 21 F Frost . l5 15 W Lord 15 W Perry 2l 19 11 uennox 19 3 Rimmer ....

_ Total 151

Total ..... . .... . .... 148

Championship Semi-final. Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association. NEWTON-LE-WILLoWS V. WA hRIVGTON NORTH.—A; Rid- eliffe on Saturday last—Soore:— NEWTON. WARRINGTON N. T Gorse G Me Oorsniek l6 & J Jones 2l L Liptrott J Williamson W Fairelougli T Fairelough J Lennox It Lennox 2l It Anderton 3 B.nnett ............. ........... 20 I Allison JMcCormick A Clough J Holdcroft

219 223 Majority for Warrington 4

.11.4 ES AND INDIGESTION CURED.

If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms; Fistula sass/ follow. KEUTY'S CURE s the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, and bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cure for Chronic Indigestion Sold by all Chemists In bott es is. Itd Post paid from xsurx AND co. HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR. Arthur H. Grosfield.

EL'.] Sir,—l wish in the first piece to Malik you for } our courtesy for publishing in last Saturday's" Examiner" and offering spacrein your issues lot next Saturday and Saturday week, letters oci the war of really inordinate length. Some Liberal friends of mine will not assent to my conclosiens, but whatever the inferences we draw from them we shall all agree as to the importance of getting at the true facts of the war. Whether they point to the war as having its origin Ia the relief of oppressed Ditimiders, the defence of English and Im- perial iatereste,and the resistance to a Pan-African Con- spiracy ; or whether the inference is th it originally it was engineered by the influence and machioations of a few powerial and unscrupulous men in Sou-iii itrica, let us be clear about our evidence. We shall gain noth- ing by living in a fool's paradise or playing the ostrich and hiding our heads in the sands (of Afric4.) "MY COUNTRY RIGHT OR WRONG" is a sound patriotic doctrine if the question is one of support:, sympathy and unlimited backing, to an army in the field ; and what man or party of any account,hes withheld either ? But when it is broadly hinted that this doctripe coyer a Government's policy- as well and should stifle discusision, then Liberals Bey "No." Bad as things are they would have teen worse If the Govern- ment's policy had not been checked by Liberal criticism. That checked if it did not put an end to a system ot farm burning which was admittedly a mistake ; it stopped the practice of giving half rations to the wives of fighting burghers ; and in these and other particulars bee mended the Government's methodsof carryineon the war. .In this matter history is repeating itself. During the Crimean war John Bright was hustled in the streets of Manchester be- cause he condemned the war policy, and I know—for my father was present when he made the re- markthat Bright said he felt it was almost hopeless to address meetings in time of war. It took fifty years before a Conservative Premier told us thee we put our money on the wrong horse in that war. It will not take five years to convince us that we have backed a worse policy—a poliay soiled with the trail of finance—this time. , In the, American war, which bears, I won't say an ominous but in some re;pects a striking and significant parallel to the present conflict, Fox But e and Chat- ham, who had the courage of their opinions, condemned the Tory podoy of Lord . North's Government. Were they "on their oquatryeeside " or against it ? Every- body knows that up to a late period of the war a settle- ment might have been made and would have been made had Lord Chathana been in power. But the majority of the nation, biased:in their judgment by the same appeals t o the instincts of " man the fighting animal," of which we have had BO much of late, and misled by the wer fever, were against him the Lb ol r ndEd :of nop rri ter hee dhraodvheita. way, and Americansand by g n a to insisting satiirnernoea a policynd d e dealt to f the heaviest blow it has ever received. Jingoes triedfar-sightednp Press s. thnoe racket teal statesmen eanswedi discussion takni :ban: t just te hn fresh the o as Liberal ,rr in the eighteenth century accused our wisest and most ly tsh message om Bothafo r i nwdaesp e sentn d - F section—r iet recent demonstrations of the m cwee: —were Therresponsible fact itbhl fort th not in June but as far back as February 28th ha; cut the ground from under those who would fain start this Cry afresh. ms anyone: suppose that if the Liberals in this country were silenced to-morrow it would have any aporecieble effect on the Boem in the field? Probably very little, and as likely as not It right help to Make cryatt they texny:g wasrne party—or the et raised tryingenemi nye oa tndi Idea them one degree more deseerate. Because it must not te forgotten that,having in so many instances destroyed the family ties, the homes and thestake in the country of the burghers, they are now despe.ateassFvmeraoentmihn.sotirhslotetuevmdgehaorlyyyn be replied that as they are bent on fighting " for their own Independence" the chance of a settlement is hope- less. Are we not rather beating about tße bush over this word "Independence ?" Canada calls herself prac- ticallyabo,commencement mim hesitate deeplye efinnnetdi oenemp loyalieesnne du eos nmsf theirt terms ehamirennmbddwesety.pwernethEnt ehidt snnee ennKceßEvomer rptsi ee I h. e iet-ch eYaeett madeßotha it quite clear as • preliminary that incorporation in the Empire was a sine pea non to any settlement. What seems plain enough is tnat if any settlement is to be made we shall need to guarantee the Boers—not in the dim and distant future, but in some specified time—a full measure of their own self-government under the English flag. I will not write further at the moment on this matter of terms beyond saying that it is by no means certain that if one of our finest diplomats and statesmen, a man like Lord Dufferin, who would not be distrusted by the Dutch and the Boers, were empowered to offer just and reasonable terms they would be refused. After all the Boers know what the terrible alternative of "fighting to a finish" means to them, One sometimes wonders if the Tory papers like the " Daily Mail," that so vehe- mently advocate it, consider also what it will mean to or, and the desperate things which desperate men will do before " the finish " comes, If one points out to Conservatives that the Boers may prefer to go on:fighting to the death rather than accept unconditional surrender, as often as not one is told in reply that the further we exterminate them the better. To say nothing more it is just as well to remember that the greater part of the 'Transvaal will either have to be populated by Dutch farmers or remain a famine stricken desert. Settle and ; ceitivat- it English farmers will not—we know that from the best authorities on the spot. Surely,therefore, terms in place of force should be the final remedy and means of terminating the war. In the letter you published last week I have attempted to describe in rough outline what the war means, on the one band for those who pay for and criticise it at home on the other, for those who suffer it on the spot. It will not improve the political conditions of South Africa. It has burdened our finances. It has cost us tens of thousands of lives. It has involved our own soldiers in our mis-managed hospitals, and the Boer families in the mis-managed csmes in a degree of ERisery that beggars description. It has been one long disaster for both races, it will remain in history a mere , record of uncornpeneated suffering. This is now more and more widely recognised and opinion has changed since the days when so many people at home wished for war, and so many in South Africa laid themselves out to provoke it, while Downing-street went lightly into the contest as though to avoid it were not worth an effort. So recently as lest 0 eober Mr Chamberlain boasted that if he were Its author it would be" a feather in his cap." Even he would not say that .to-day. A month before it began Sir Alfred Milner telegraphedthat British South Africa was prepared for "extreme measures." The President of the South African Lea,gne, the " Loyalist " organisa- tion, even boasted in a public speech at Capetown, that his body might " claim the credit of brineing the war about." For months before it came the English papers in South Africa advocated war as the only remedy. The " Times" when negotiations began to take a fatal turn actually congratulated itself upon onr narrow mane] from peace. The "Saturday Review " I remember took :the same line, and no doubt if they were looked up, we should find a great number of Conservative papers say- ing much the same. All this is forgotten to-day. Even thick and thin supporters of the Government's policy prefer to throw the responsibility for the disastrous algid the cosmopolitan struggle on the Boers, Well, In a sense no doubt the Boers are largely to blame. In the first place, if Mr Kruger had been more tactful and nWneelifizmann lcersoswsdus oPnictreaendinwigihtthhgarveaetevar success. Probably men like Joubert and Louie Botha would have done better. In the second place, be took the fatal step of declaring war. But even that impossible ultimatum which silenced the peace ratty in this country does not make the Transvaal the real aggressor; if, that is, we con- sider the course of events that immediately preceded war. The first thing to ob;erve is that the popular notion that we had the choice between fighting or "knuckling under to Kruger" is an entire mistake. Because he had in fact yielded. as Mr Caamberlain has confessed, " nine-tenths "of our demands. About the other tenth there was a rniaunderstandines and the negotiations came to a staodstile and here it was that, as Mr Morley told the country at the time, Mr Chamberlain made matters so much worse by raising bis terms during the negotiations. Because having set out by demanding the franchise, when this was on the point of settlement, he proceeded to drag in other matters. That:was bid : Further negotiations followed until on September 22nd, Mr Chamberlain announced that our Government would" formulate its owo proposals for a final settlement." The proposals were actually formu- lated by the Cabinet. What they were we do not know, but clearly this dispatio, which was promised (but never sent) was of the nature of an ultimatum. Why was It net sent ? Our military preparations were incomplete, Thr Boere were kept waiting for almost three weeks in igeorence of our proposals. But troops were hurried out to the Cape and drafted from India to Natal. Our forces which had been concentrated in Ladysmith were moved north on September 25 h to Dundee; close to the Trans- Vaal frontier. It Was this march which, as the "Times' baa admitted, in a letter from its special correspondent (published 18th November) induced Mr Kruger to think , about issuing an ultimatum. But even after this clear hint Mr Kruger hesitated. He clearly did not wish to declare war without seeing what our final prrposals really were. On 07,tober 2nd, the Boer Government telegraphed to enqaire whether the dispatch promised on September 22nd WaS not yet ready. Everything hung upon this momentous document. The weeks went past, and still it was delayed, and still our military prepar aions cnntinued. What inference could the Boers arrive at when Mr Cnamberlain merely telegraphed a curt reply to the effect that his de.patch WS9 not yet ready. On thei following day another step was taken which sth. further showed Mr Chamberlain's hand. A semi official announcement was publisnel on 0 ;tober 3rd in all car papers to the tf!ct that Parliament would be

i !misery

summoned on October 17th. It was generally assumed that this extraordinary session was a prelude to the calling out of the treserves, the voting of military supplies and an eventual declaration of war. Meantime President Steyn was eagerly offering his mediation, and the leader of the Africander Band, Mr Jan Hofmeyr strained every nerve to save the situation even at the eleventh hour. A final provocation .rendered their efforts futile. On October 7th our Government issued a proclamation definitely calling out the reserves and summoning the dreaded meeting of Parliament. Then —and not till then—the catastrophe happened. Two days later (October 9th) the Boers issued their ultima- tum. It was s fatal step, a foolish step, but what could we expect. We had convinced the Boers that we in- tended war. Were they to wait inactive while we chose our ow u time for the conflict? Were they to quietly at still while- we assembled our troops at their 000 r? The wonder rather is that they delayed until we had fetched our regiments from India. It was our Government which really made the first appeal to arms by its menacing movements in Natal. As Bacon has said, "There, is, no question but a just fear of an .imminent danger, though there be no blow given, is a lawful cause of war.'

===== 0002601_19010719_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THB NIOGOTL&TION&_

• But the war, it is constantly said, is due to the fact that President Kruger would not give way to our just demand. Our demand was from the time of the I Bloemfontein Conference onwards that the way should I be smoothed for those Uitlanders who wished Co divest themselves of their Britials Citizenship, to do so by • becoming burghers after having resided in the Trans- ; vaal for five years. And Mr Kruger did give way not , very willingly perhaps, but still gradually and not very , • slowly he did give way. Our demands were formulated in May. By July he had offered a seven years' retros- pective franchise free from conditions. By August he • had gone still further. On August 22nd he offered the five years' retrospective franchise for which we had asked ; eight new seats in the Volksraad for the Uitlanders giving the Rand ten members in a Chamber of thirzy six (mere than we had demanded) ; equal rights in the election of the President, and as to details he welcomed friendly suggestions. His conditions in making them concessions were, (Ist) that the present intervention should not constitute a precedent for future interference in the internal affairs of the Republic,(2nd) that controversy regarding the suzerainty should be tacitly dropped, (3rd) that arbitration, from which foreigners were to be excluded, should be recognised in future disputes. Surely these were reasonable terms. The proposals were what we had demanded. The conditions were not novel. We had just come from the Hague Conference after pledging ourselves to arbitrate with China, Servia, Turkey, &c,, why should we refuse to arbitrate in future with a civilised power like the Transvaal, especially as the proposed court was to exclude foreigners ? As to non-interference WP had pledged ourselves to this in the convention of 1881 and 1884. . • The stipulation about suzerainty was the stumbling block, but as we possessed the reality why fight for the name,especially as we abandoned our claim,to it in 1884. As Lord Salisbury said (October 19, 1899,) in the House of Lords," in order to get that hateful word out of his convention he (Mr Kruger) made considerable territorial and other sacrifices." As recently as the 31st December 1895, Mr Chamberlain him- self in a despatch to the Chartered Company referred to the Transvaal as a "foreign state with which Her Msjesty is at peace and in treaty realtions." It was not until 1897 that he revived our claim to the suzerainty. The question is really a legal one, a ques- tion susceptible of documentary proof, and it is pernaps • worth while to quote the opinion of Sir Edward Clarke, —as we alliknow a great lawyer and a staunch Conserve- ; tive,—on the matter. HA says,"For any British Minister, . since 1884, to assert that this country had a suzerainty over the Transvaal was not only a statement made in defiance of fact hut also a breach of national faith." (19th October 1899. House of Commons).

THE REAL CONSPIRACY. Why then did not Mr Krugm's offer of 22nd August put an end to the dispute? He gave us all we professed to want, and in return asked only for a confirmation of the status which we had granted in 1884 to the Trans- vaal by a convention which made it a sovereign state subject only to our right to veto its treaties with foreign powers. What answer did Mr Chamberlain give? Immediately on receiving this despatch (26th August) he stsod on the front steps of his villa at Elighbury and made the most violent speech he had yet delivered. He complained that Mr Kruger " procrastinates in his replies," " dribbles out reforms like water from a squeersd sponge," and "accompanies his .offers with conditions which he knows to be impossible." He then announced that the l• sands were running down in the glass," and concluded by threatening thatif Mr Kruger did not yield very quickly we should not be content 66 with what we have already offered." These amiable phrases were telegraphed oct to Pretoria. What impres- sion could they possibly produce upon the suspicious old President who had once before seen his Republic annexed by an English High Commissioner? That speech meant that Mr Chamberlain would neaten and bully, that he would not hear Of compromise that there Could be no give and take, that there was no finality in our demands, that it was useless for the Boers to make concessions. The despatch which followed the speech was more carefully worded, but it was utterly ambiguous. Mr Chamberlain says be meant it as a " partial acceptance." Mr Kruger took it sea refusal. No doubt he interpreted the obscure wording of the despatch by the plain language of:the speech. At all events, Mr Chamberlain refused Mr Kruger's not unreas nable conditions. That was the last real attempt at negotiation. Two weeks later Mr Chamberlain announced that we were preparing an ultimatano—an ultimatum which was delayed by the backwardness of our military preparations No, the real question at issue was not the grievances of the I llitlanders,nor the five years' franchise. The" Loyalist" party in South Afrina was determined to overthrow the Republic. On the 29th August 1899 the Johannesburg "Leader," a paper founded to foment this agitation by Messrs Belt and Eckstein, wrote in its leading article under the very eyes of the Pretoria Government :

- _ " The abolition of the Republic is not the end whim we anticipated and hoped for; ; yet we fully

_ recognise the necessity for the step in-view of the hopeless attitude of this Government." That was what Mr Rhodes was really driving at. As in 1895 at the time of the Jameson Raid,so in 1899 the Capitalists and their dupes had determined to make an end of the independence of the Transvaal. No con- cessions would have availed, and the Boers at last made up their mind to face the facts. Sir Alfred Milner had heartily entered into the spirit of this little game. He has admitted it frankly. At a farewell banquet at Cape Town on May 7th 1901 he said, •• Flinching from no sacrifice and turning a deaf ear to people whose endeavour Was ever tending to confine and smother the one cardinal point in a mass of side issues, the British people had gone straight upon the way on which they bad set out from the first,to make an end of the business once and for all, to make South Africa one country under one flag and with one system of law and government." That then is the blunt truth at last. The franchise was a mere "side issue," the "cardinal point" the real aim of the"lovalist" policy was to destroy the Republics for ever. And yet we pretend that the Transvaal was the aggressor.

THE CULPABLE EMBRY. Looking back over the course of these negotiations it is indeed impossible to resist the impression that Ur Chamberlain went to work hastily, angrily and hotly. It is clear enough now that misunderstanding after mis- understanding helped to wreck them which a little patience and tact would have smoothed over. We know from the letters of Messrs Fischer, Merriman and Chief IJustice de Villiers that the Dutch of Cape Colony and ithe Free State were all the while urging Mr Kruger to ' show a tractable disposition. But Sir A Milner made no attempt to use their good offices. He was throughout on the worst terms with his own Cabinet, he suppressed Itheir memorials against *ar, while he quoted and em phasised the violent leading articles in the papers con- trolled by Mr Rhodep and his financial associates. Of Mr Cnanaberlain's negotiations, Sir Edward Grey, has said they were not "diplomacy at all." Surely that admission carries with it a severe condemnation, If the Jameson Raiders bad been punished as they de- served, if the Colonial office bad cared to clear itself from the suspicion of complicity in that erimin a adventure, if the negotiations had been carried out with temper and tact, who can say that the war would have Cottle about? There was no need for haste. The Ilitlanders were making money unmolested when the negotiations began. Life and property were perfectly safe. They could well have waited another three or six or even twelve months for their votes. That was the view which We all took when the question WAS first raised in the spring of 1899. On March 20th in the House of Com- mons Mr Chamberlain himself ridiculed the incitements of Sir Ellis Ashmead Bartlett and laughingly inquired whether that hot beaded patriot" expected us to go to war with the Transvaal." He reviewed all the stock grievances—the Edgar case, the Dynamite monopoly, tne demand for the franchise, the general unrest—and Yet his conclusion was that interference would be neither "dignified "nor " expedient." and he wound up with the announcement that be" did not intend to take any very strong action." His own party took the same view. The " Times " for example said next morning "Inter- ference is inadvisable. . • . . Such a policy wculd not carry public opinion in this country with it. •. . The Boers must be allowed still to go their own way. Time is not on their side." If interferenee was inexpedient in March, what made war necessary in October ? If time was on our side in the Spring. what i compelled us to force the pace n the Autumn ? The answer is that the clique of financiers who controlled the South African Press had resolved on war. They obtained the ear of the High Commissioner ;it was in their name that be called for" extreme measures." Six months of heated telegrams, violent speeches and manu- factured outrages served to mislead opinion in this country and stirred up the black cauldron of hatrtd and misery in South Africa. London, July Bth, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
METHODISM AT STOCKTON

HEATH.

A New Chapel to be Erected.

Laying of Memorial Stones. Saturday last witnessed an important event in the history of Independent Methodism, when the ceremony of laying memorial stones on the site of the new Provid- ence Chapel to be erected at Stockton Heath, was performed. The site of the new chapel is at the end of Chapel-lane, and it is proposed to spend £1,200 upon the erection. About the year 1806 the famous American Evangelist,Loreize Dow,visited Eagiand,and conducted a Mission in Friars Green Chapel. Warrington. In com- pany with the late Mr Peter Pnillips he came out to Stockton Heath, and seeing a barn near to the site of the proposed new chapel, expressed a desire to preach I there. A series of services were held. As a result, a society was formed, and services were conducted there I until 1827 when the present chapel and school pre- mises were erected. The Sunday school opened in the barn is believed to be the first in this part et Lancashire' or Cheshire. However that may be, the Sunday school has continued its work without a break up to the present day. At this barn chapel, the first total abstin- ence society in England, it is claimed, was formed. Consequent upon the growth of the neighbourhood, the increased number of scholars bas made it necessary to use the whole of the premises for Sunday school work. It nely be added that all the labour of tbe ministry, the chapel and the school is voluntary, and that,though the members of the society belong mostly to the labouring class, the present chepel and schcol are free from debt. A large assembly gathered to witness Saturday's pro- ceedings. The Brick-street Independent Methodist Temperance Band was in attendance and played selections of music and also accompanied in the singing of the hymns. Mr R. B. Woods presided and was accompanied on an improvised pleform over the foundation by a number of prominent ladies and gentlemen connected with the society. After devotional exercises and the singing of a hymn, The Chairman delivered a brief address in which be referred to the early history of the movement. After extending a hearty greeting to all present, he said : We are able to fix the date of the commencement of our society with perfect accuracy. In December, 1805, Lorenzo Dow end his wife left America on a missionary tour to England. In the spring of 1806, Peter Phillips of Warrington was on business in Liverpool, and while there he attended a service conducted by the American Evangelist. He was so impressed with the preacher's power and disinterestedness that he invited him to visit Warrington. Mr Dow says he went to Warrington, found a pious people worshipping in a small chapel (Friars Green) called Quaker Methodists, because they are so simple using plain language, and holding class meetings. The Evangelist conducted service in the chapel two and three times a day,and God so owned the labours, that 40 members were added to the Church. On May 30th, 1806, about the time of the death of his only daughter, whose remains were laid to rest in Friars Green chapel yard, he received an invitation to preach in the barn, then standing near this site, and the work was so blessed of God, that the Warrington preachers of this denomination continued to visit the People and formed the Church, which for the past 95 years has continued the work of the Freest of the Free Churches. In testimony of the value of the work done by Mr Dow, at Warrington, Lowton, Lymm, and this place an address was presented to him this address was. signed by R Harrison. R Mills, tV Mo , Gullets, Peter Phillips, G Britnelow (relatives of Mr Mills I and Mr G Brimelow we have with us to day); and over 100 other members testified to good received. The evi- dence of the founding of the Sunday school is not quite so clear as to date. But it is certain the father of Mrs Brirnelow, who is to lay the first stone to day, was a scholar in this school about the years 1812-14. And a succession of faithful men and women have continued this beneficent work, until it is generally acknowledged that all the old families of the district have been in- fluenced for good by this auxiliary • In March, 1830 three years after the erection of the present chapel, Mr' G H Birkett of Dublin, and Mr W Wood of Manchester' members of the Society of Friends visited Warrington,: They were deeply interested in the temperance ques tion, and for several days made every effort to secure a room for the purpose of lecturing on this subject. As no room was available, Mr T Eaton offered them Providence Chapel for this purpose. On April 4th, 1830, the following pledge was taken and a society formed :—" We whose names are subscribed believing that intemperance with its attendant evils, are promoted by the prevailing opinions and eractices of society with regard to the use of intoxicating liquors, and that decided means are called for, resolve to abstain from the use of inebriating liquors ourselves, and dis- suade others from using them, and by all proper means to discountenance the cause and practice of intemper- ance." This is believed to be tie first total abstinence pledge. And in 1834 a former scholar of the Sunday School, Mr R Mee, formed a society in Warrington, with one pledge of total abstinence. This society is believed to be the oldest of existing societies, and emanated I from Providence Chapel. From its inception until now this church has continued to interest herself in the ' moral, spiritual and educational interest of the people. And as the rural aspect of the locality passes lute a residential centre, our Sunday School bag become too small for the scholars sent to us, and our chapel accom- modation quite unequal to the demands. We are, there- fore, compelled to build this place, and use the whole of the older premises for Sunday, echool, and educational work. We believe thie same faithfulness and disinter- estedness in service will characterise the men and women upon whose shoulders will be the burden of the future work, and we are fully satisfied that the glory of the latter house will exceed the former, because the mis- sionary spirit is strong in the churoh,and the educational advantages of our children are consecrated to the , Master's service. (Applause). The memorial stones were then laid in the following order :—Presentation of trowel to Mrs W Brimelow, by •Mr Turner Hartley ; firat stone laid by Mrs Brimelow, of Bolton. Presentation of trowel to Mns J by Mr W Price: second stone laid by Mrs J Mounfield. of Stockton Heath. Presentation of trowel to Mrs T Hartley, by Mr J S Riley; third stone laid by Mrs T Hartley, of Colne. Presentation of trowel to Mrs R Henshall, by Mr T Backhouse ; fourth stone laid by Mrs Henshall, Warrington. Presentation of trowel to Mr J Crumblehulme, by Mr Joseph Mounfield; fifth stone laid by Mr Crumblehulme (President of the Connexion). ,Presentation of trowel to Mr J W Woods, by Mrs Bray- haw ; sixth stone laid by Mr J W Woods, Birmingham. Presentation of trowel to Mr R Lee. by Mrs W Shaw ; seventh stone laid by Mr Richard Lee, of Wigan. Pre- sentation of trowel to Mr James Ince, by Mrs R B Woods; eighth stone laid by Mr James Ice, of Lovrton. Congratulatory speeches were made, and the hope was generally expressed that the erection of the chapel would be attended by the good results anticipated by the founders. Several hymns were sung during the pro- ceedings and a collection was taken. Public Meeting

A well attended public meeting was held in the even- - log, a large marquee having been erected for the pur- pose in a field adjoining the site of the new chapel. Mr Joseph Mounfield occupied the chair and amongst others present were Messrs J Crumblehulme (president of the connexion), W Brimelow (Bolton), R Henshall, (president of the circuit), R B Woods J Mort and others. It the outset the Chairman said Mr Brayshaw had just handed him a paper which showed a result with which they would be perfectly satiefied. Their cash in the bank amounted to £76 185 9d, while the collections and donations in the afternoon amounted to the excel- lent sum of £l3B. (Applause.) That was a record collection in connection with the Providence Chapel. (Hear, hear, and applause). He hoped that smile time they would be able to do even better. They were extremely pleased with what had been done that day ;It gave them very great encouragement to receive such sympathy. They had heard that afternoon the history of their chapel. Those who be, rd it would be satisfied that they had reason to be proud of such a record. They had in it an encouragement to go on. If they let the present opportunity slip they might have to wait a long time tor it to come again. (Hear, hear.) It was neces- sary for them to feel their own needs and Sr quirements. The very fact that they had over 80 Sunday school scholars to be taught in:a room 20 feet by 14 feet and barely eight feet high showed that they badly needed more accommodation. They bad been compelled to use the chapel for Sunday school purposes. a thine which was very undesirable. More room was also required in the chapel. On the previous Sunday night the building was quite full. He had also known when they had had to put torms down the aisks during ordinary services. There were not only their own requirements to be con- sidered, but there were the requirements of the village. They bad to keep up with the times or sink. They were now making a bold move to take a foremost plan among the Nonconformist chapels in the village. He was pleased to see the noble way in which their friends in the Church of England had come forward to help them. They bad shown their sympathy by practical help. He thanked the members of the building and chapel committees, and prayed that God's blessing would rest upon the effort in which they were engaged.

KEEPS THE

tn the new chapel they would bare seating annum= dr lion for 280 people, and would be able to seat over 300

f occasion required it. (Applause.) Mr John Crumblehukce, president of the Connexion, said he was pleased to be present to witness the stone laying of a new church in that locality. Be quite agreed with the Chairman that that step had not been taken any too sox]. He thought that it might have been taken earlier. He congratulated the Stockton Heath church people upou the sympathy and pracical help they bad shown. He believed that the best part of Methodism bad been reared in the country N!liages and he found that in this part of the country their church was realiz- ing its position and responsibilities and bad made up its mind that it would be among the most aggressive sections of the Connexion. The Connexion meant to be aggressive, Christianity could not be stationary. If a man or a woman was a Christian they most grow, and

iritia -Church was to be what Goa' through Christ intended it to be it must grow, and progress. What were the essentials of success in a Christian ? First, loyalty to Christ ; second, loyalty to the leaders of the church, and third, love towards one another. Those three Essentials practised in any church would certainly bring about success. The Chairman said they had raisod -£l3O and that meant practically that they bad got with the cash in hand, a sixth of what they wanted. He asked them to rally round the people there, and to give them all the help ;they could. In conclusion Mr Crumblehulrne said he should like to see the day when the Chairman would lay the foundation stone of chapel number two. (Ap- plause.) Mr W Brimelow, of Bolton, gave a brief history of the church, and mentioned in connection with its foundation and progress such well-known names as Lorenzo Dow, Thomas Heaton. William Yates, George Peck, Thomas Eyes, and others. After the choir had reodered the hymn "Fading away." Mr Robert Elensball addressed the meeting, and spoke particularly upon spiritual work before the church in the future. The anthem" Onward Christian soldiers was then sung by the choir. Mr R B Woods proposed that the thanks of the assembly be tendered to all those who had so liberally and nobly rendered their services. Mr James Mort seconded and the resolution was carried with applause. The Chiirman having returned thanks the meeting concluded with the singing of the Doxology. It was explained during the proceedings that two of the gentlemen (Messrs J Worthington and G Hunter) announced to address the meeting were unavoidably absent.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A PINT LEMON BLANC-MANGE FREE.

For the benefit of those who appreciate a good Blanc* Mange, we wish tt., make it as widely known as possible that a pint of most delicious Lemon Blanc-Mange, deli- cately tinted, and exquisitely flavoured with Lemon can be made from a id packet of "Buffet Tower" Lemon Blanc-Mange Powder. You should obtain it from yeur grocer. But for those who cannot get it we may aay that Messrs Foster, Clark and Co., 3796 "Eiffel Tower'. Factory, Maidstone (who are also the Imakers of the celebrated "Eiffel Tower" Lemonade), are wisely sending sufficient to make a pint free on receipt of a postcard—we say wisely, because those who once try it will certainly continue to use it.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The meeting of this society on Sunday afternoon was presided over by Mr. William Light. In the course of a brief address, the Chairman made an earnest appeal to the men to declare themselves on the Lord's side. Mr G F Heaps, of Manchester. delivered the address. and spoke upon the value of seizing opportunities.—The President(Rev John Yonge)announced that two members were leaving them for distant shores. Mr Elijah Lunt was proceeding to Australia, and Mr Buckley, of the St. John Ambulance Brigade, had just returned to South Africa for hospital work* Re was sure they would follow both members with interest in their new spheres of life. —An organ solo was contributed by Mr W H Payton, Mus. Bac. Mr Webb and Mr Whitfield also took part in he service.

WHY SLEEP ON HARD BEDS

when you can have a well-filled full-sized PRATHER BED, BOLSTER, AND TWO PILLOWS. Guaranteed Purified Feathers, delivered Free to your door in wrapper, at giving-away-price. 33/11 THE _ LOT. Cash with Order. Direct from the Mills. THE ORIGINAL CASH FURNISHERS, 70 QUERN STREET, CARDIFF.

TO WLE'S CHLORODY NE Renowned or TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE CoCnOimUZigon. BuorromnS, row LE'S CHLORODYNE Asthma, NFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spurns. DIARRHCEA, TOWLE S CHLORODYNE 4 doses for U. ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE 140 OTHER.

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY

===== 0002601_19010719_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BELLS AND TELLPECNES.

ESTIMATES GIVEN.

BUY YOUR BRUSHES,

FROM THE WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO 19, CHUM SIM:ET, WARRINGTON WE HAKE EVERY °ESC/OPTION OP BRUSHES. UALITY AND PRICES DEFY COSIPETITION

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &en &e., GO TO WILLIAM TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP TOLD bTI1881). LIVERPOOI

TEL N.PRONE,

JOHN FINLAYSON. THE POPELAR JETnELLES, HORSKMARKST-STREET, ViTARRINGrON IS NOW SHOWING all the latest and newest designs in GOLD AND SILVER

JEWELLERY, PLATE,

for the present season.

KELLIE'S WATCHES

RACE TRH WORLD. UNCHALLENGSD AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMBKREPING.

- ALL EIAND MADE. 21, NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KHLLIB has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained the highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory ter compensated and adjusted Watches.

MR. &SWIM 21, Ft TTERMARICRT- cIaRRBT WARMS GTON, HAS RE-OPBNHD AND BIM TO THANK MB PUBLIC FOR PAT FAVOURS.

Zig "ezamtner Aeries*

THE •• WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE Extlfran." published every Saturday morning. THE "EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAM/NER published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" "WIDNES EXAM/I1311," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ....... Os. 64. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. odl 27 36 45 64 I ls. 64. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. Od.

.

Dom oerbants, dr. NANTIID Go)d GENERAL, age about 18.-107 s, GROVE- STREET, Liverpool.

WANTBD, COOK-GBNBBAL.-Apply, 33, ADELAIDE STREET. FLEETWOOD.

_ IVANTBD, good MINIMAL SEIIVANT.—AppIy to Mrs. BTOCKLEY. Vine Farm, Biakerstafte, Ormskirk.

WANTED good GRNERAL, no washing: good refer ences. 27, ASHToN OLD-BIAD, Ardwick, Manchester.

ANTED at once GENENAL Servant, voun g and active for a small family.-35, ALBERT-noAD, Withington, Manchester.

_ WANTBD COOK-GBNBRAL ; family three; go oti references remilred.—Apply Mrs DIGGLE, Higheeld, Frodsham.

IVANTBD for Southport, good SHRVANT, good wages, references.—Mss HZYES. Cemetery-road Post Office, outhport.

. WWANTED. 000K-NHL; good situation In %Var- rinkton ; wages £lB,—Apply Migs HUDSON, 19, irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED. COOK GENHEAL, by 25th, for business house.—Apply WATSON AND WAUGH, 14. St. Ann's, place, Manchester.

ANTBD GENERAL SERVANT, age about 20, easy i V V place, no children.—Apply Mum.nie, 1 Lathbury- road, Queen's Park, Manchester.

AVIIITTBD GOOD COOK-GBNBRAL ; plain cooking; small family ; housemaid kept : country place,—Mna ItIAROLD BUCKTON, Hollies Hey, New Brighton.

-WANTED GENERAL ; three In family; good wages, travelling expenses paid.—Address ELLERSLIS, Dowald-road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

47 ANTED ,c once GliNlittAL. able to wash, fond of V V children; good wages to suitable person . • personal leeference,before noon.-78 81E1SIEW-ROAD, Liseard,Cheshire.

ANTBD. Good PLAIN COOK, or Cook-general, age 22 to 30 ; Housemaid kept; family four ; good wages ; , V V reference.—Write to LANDOUR, the Beeches, West Didsbury Wear Manchester.

?XPERIENCED Seale and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NUTVIES TIOX, 70. Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses." IV ANTED. experienced COOK-GRNENAL, small family, / V housemaid kept.—Apply stating age and wages required.—Mrs. STONE. Waveney, Wilbraham-road, Chorlton- scum-Hardy. Manchester.

?IrTitantrti.

TTEAMSMAII Wanted.—Apply, W. ii.AUMMA, Oliver's Farm, Altear.

-- WANTED ERRAND BOY, age 10. -Appty IzAbasmit OFFICE, Warrinßton.

QTRADY Young MAN to recommend; Farm work, 9s Ik.l week and live in, good character. Miss TRENTER, Holy well, Dawley. WAR MEDALS wanted. dated 1848. £2 given; also Arctic, Red River, Firket, Atbara, Matabele, Masbona Fenian Raid, ac.—Major TOMBS, Drtitwich, 1 ,IVAR MEDALS WANTED dated 1848, or earlier £2 given; also Fenian Raid. Arctic Red River, Firket Atbaraldashona, Matabele, &c.—Ma.roa Tomas, Droitwlch.

,

WANTED, ICO fat, wornout HORSES weekly. for foreign trsde ; warranted to be destroyed ; price from £1 to .£4.—Womam DRANSPIELD,Hat and Feather Hotel,Oldham. 6 ARDENER, expet fenced, age 31, married, seeks Situa- tion, either bead or single-handed ; good references.— Apply. JOSEPH OAKES, 5, Lurzon-road, Foulton-le-Fylde, . Lancashire. AATANTED LADIES AND GENTLEMEN to form poi, T trait clubs, Warrington and district. experience unn,cessary, liberal terms.—P.aßlLlNauX, photographer, Egygt-ereet, Warrington. _IN.GENTS WANTED for Clarke's Patent Boot Protectors or Clinker-toe Tips the masterpiece of wrought

clinkers —ms and samples 6 stamps. —IMPROVED BOOT, PROTECTOR CoMPANY, Heanor, Notts.

WANTED ORDERS for any kind Drawn Thread Work, - _ • 6d each. Ladier

zit _

t".O, c • , , ;.t

. Crewel, or Croehet Doyleys from _ own materials used if desired. sample er pattern b)ok, sent on appro. Address L., Beenzont Piaci, Harriet-street, Strettord Manchester. tLEE 1:3, Travellers. also smart Young Men, Shorthand 4...) Writers and Shop Assistants wanted In every town throughout the won,. Vacancy List, home and foreign, 3d. stamps.—Address letters to SECREI:ART, Universal Office. 62, Hubert-grove, Stockwell, London. 910 FAR tIiItS—WANTAD a regular supply of NEM 1. MILK about 103 doz. per week. delivered morning and evening, state lowest price and full particulars to Box No. 1300, EXAMINER OFFICE, Bewsey-street Warrington. Replies to he in not later than July 24th, 1901.

SZARITARY INSPECTORSHIPS sAlaries £lOO to £250, numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing tor Manchester and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dates ; lathe; eligible.—Apply RotiERT MrSHENEI, Sanitary Science 'leacher. Sunderland. Name paper.

BLACKPOO...—APARTMENTS. facing the sea, view of three piers.—Mra. ELITE% 9, Tyldealey Terrace. Promenade.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
410 Ilt tn.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od.. 3s. 9d. and 2s. 8d pet week. BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s. 3d 83HOWLEY LANE,irent 55. GRAFF KNHALL COTTAGE with large garden, rent 3s. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. I Bank-stroet War' aington. Telephone—No 55. 1110 LET good HOUSE in Derby-street, rent 45 6d.—Apply 1 WOODS and Sort, Solicitors. Horsemarket-street Warrington. TO LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.— Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket.street, Warrington.

•

LUCK-HP sHOP 1O LBT Padgate, ,it Butcher. Groce Ac.. rent 4s oar week clear.—Apply, JOSEPH $ GAR LAnn. Bridge-street Warrington. Cl,O LBT.—CORNER SHOP and Dwelling House Parker- . street (4 bedrooms) —Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street. Warrington. .; TO BE LET or SOLD good SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, on bedrooms, bath Sm.—

"1.4 k

good road. Cour ty—ratea. tour .9pply 37 ORFORD-ROAD. Warrington.

•

91'0 BE LET an excellent dwelling HOUSE; rent £36 Apply J. HIRRISON, 6. Woodbine Terrace, Latcbtori ; two minutes walk trom station or omnibus.

910 LET, S 1 ABLif and COACH-HOUSH, with lofts over Ji large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—App'y WOODS & Sox, Solicitors, 55. Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

VADE S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. "Since taking your pills I am a different man.'— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. FADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. " Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford. 53. New Lloyd-street. Klrkstall-road, Leeds. EL'ADE' 6 GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to h Palth."— m. Kelly, 68, Norttrumbeasnd-street, Poplar. EADES Gour PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days.' J Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. " I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taklng your pills,"—J• R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Lee,d3. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. "I recommend your pllls,aa there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost Phiiio Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater. W. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE LIMBS. I could get no rest, so got your Dills and soon got r ef."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, jlbcbester. E.st GOUT PILLS. .THE SAFEST AND MOSP EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham. Oxford-street. Coalville East. Leicestershire. pan GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURB. I. After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Sulam VIM'S +Jour PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox: it that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar. VADE's GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Bold by all Chemists, In bottles, is. lid. and 21. 9d.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADB. 232, Goewell-road, Loudon.

TIRLAMFIRS HOUSH, 1, Empress-drive,Central Promen- L ade. Douglas. Isle of Man. splendid Sea Views ; Board and Residence trom be to 54 6d per day. COMFORTABLE A PARTMIINTS and private SITT INCI-ROOMS, iss Km hi &N. Proprietress.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
otel,3opro, Moarbing estabs.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
gpartrunts, jtamrObtb itiouseo Zrr

===== 0002601_19010719_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
YTHAM.—PRIVATE ROMS for INVALIDS; case no object.—S6. WEBTBY-STRE ET.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
-- MORBOAMBIS W.B.—MISS CROSSLEY, 73, Albert-road, public and private apartments.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
COLWYN BAY.—Gilbertville Boarding-house, facing sea, centrally situated.—Mrs. JORDAN, Proprietress.

CILEVELRYS .—A PAUTBIHNTS, Publia and Private; near k_i ears ands ea.—Mrs PARTINGTON, 2, The ()resent.

BLACKPOOL. Comfortable APARIMENTS, piano, near Central dtatiou and Geo.—Mrs J. TOMLINSON, f,9 Hornby-road.

T LANINIDNO, Comfortable Public or Private Apartments _LI minute from Pier, moderate, ALLNUT, Girton House, Alostyn-street.

QOUTIIPORT—Mrs Lea, Hawthorn Lodge, 28, Saunders- KY street ; Superior aspartmen.s. close prom, and parks ; terms moderate.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Grand COMPANY HOUSE. well fur- nished. Rent, £22 10s. Ingoing low.--3, CHARLES- street. Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LAKES.—APARTMENTS. sitting-room, two bed- .l.. rooms, to Let.—Mrs. MURPHY, Park-terrace, Heath- walte, Windermere.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMIifiTs, public or private. with or without board; piano.— Mrs. MASSEY, 14, Caunce-street.

II HYL, N.W. : Westholme, 6, Blver-street.—Superior APARTMENTS, pleasantly sltusted, three doors from Promenade.—Mrs NARK.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
A BERYSTWlTH.—Comlortable APARTMENTS ; healthy /IL situation ; bath, terms moderate--Mrs. Casamm, Pantycelyn, Trinity-road.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
K 1701: BND. PLIIHT WOOD Public or private apartments nuir sea, accommodation for eycles.—Mße COOK Oaklea, (late of HArpurbey).

DOUGLAS, Isle ot Slan,Mitd BA 41PORD, Trafford House, 11, Itmpress Drive, APARTMENTS with or without board, near to shore and bathing ground.

'MEW BRIGHTON.—Mrs DAweosr. Egerton Villa, 80 11 Egerton-street. Near Ferry and Promenade ; Com- fortable APABT MEETS. Terms moderate.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MOREGAMBH W.II —APARTMENTS at 11,14 s WILLMAN'S 22, Avondale-road, near the sea, west end pier, trams, and new Alhambra Palace, terms moderate.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
LIAHIBOURNB near Bsrmouth. Comfortable APriIcT- MBNTS one minute from beach, golf, tennis, bathing Bracing climate. Mae KKEGAN, Manchester House.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
COU VI NTRY APARTRNTS, pleasantly situated, two minutes walk trod' railway station ; good trout stream. Mrs. GREEN, Forest•yiew. Union Mills, near Douglas.

PORT BRIE. ISLE OF MAN, APARTMENTS well furnished ; every convenience ; near beach and station ; terms moderate.—Mrs KENNAUGR, Central House.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
B&NGOIS.—APARTMANTS ; sitting-room, two bedrooms; moderate charges ; view of Menai Straits ; 10 minutes' walk from pier.—tdrs WILLIAMS, Ckter-Meddyg, Bangor.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
LACKPOOL.—Mrs. CRABTREE, 93, Bgerton•road, North Shore; moat bracing and healthy part of Blackpool. Superior and homely APARTMENTS; bath and piano.

N.w lIRIGHTOSI.—Five minutes' walk from station or boat; piano.—Blra. JAMES. Tower-view House, 97a and 101. Victoria-road. Reliable A PARTNIHNTS. Terms moderate.

DOUUL-ta.—hgerton House. b, Cutrenue-terrace, Central Promenade. Facing the sea; tea, bed and breakfast, 31 64 Private sitting-room. Miss CORLETT. Proprietress.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
m OBECJAMBIL—APARTMENTS Delightfully situated. 111. overlooking the beach ; with or without board —lO. MA.utsc PARADE. 101pLACKPOOL.—Comfortable, Homely APARTMIINTS.- 1.) DRS THICKW3HTH, Ossett House, 26, Vance-road, um' Central Station ; Flan°.

SOUTH SHORK, BLACKPOOL—Private APARTM WITS. close to sea, pier. and trams ; terms moderate,—Miss SinToN, 22, Wittmell-road,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRID Y. JULY 19, 1901

Apartnuntolfarntobal illousecOrt OOLWYN BAL—Oomfortable APARTMHISTd ; seven minutes from pier; with or without board.—Mum, Craigieburn, Grove Park.

MORECAMBE. —MRs. BELL, Fernhill, 63, Alexandra- road, W.E. Cheerful Apartments ; public and private Bitting-rooms ; near Bea.

L)L Aa CmKu amusements. za.ritaiTit, coooa uNge aaar east atten- dance dance for two, 2s per day ; piano.

DLACRPOOL.—Mrs. OWEN, Bewley House, Lord-street, _L) North Shore. Close to Station. Trams, and Sea. (Late of Bewsey-road, Warrington. A PART u RNTS with or WITHOUT BOARD, Beds 28.- 11 Mrs JOE OBLLMEBS. 3 Nutford Place, Castle Mona- avenue, off Promenade, Douglas.

JJLANDIIDNO.—BeantIfuI situation ; well-aired beds bath; reasonable items:—Misses STBATrost, Fron dirion. Rosebery Avenue. Craig-y-don.

rI"OWYN-ON-SRA.-IDomfortanle Apartments, close to the 1. beach. Ten minutes walk from the Station. Mae- PHILLIPS 1, Neptune Villa, Towyn.

NTORTH WALES, FURNISHED or UNFURNISHED ..11 HOUSE to let or sell ; Apartments or Board,—Basca- STONE and Co., House Agents, Colwyn Bay:

eturatton.

JJHAWING and PAINTING, out door Sketching, Still-life elementary brushwork Fse —Alas CALVERT'S CLASSES, are now open, 5, Friars Green, Warrington.

U NIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—A most minces ful Boarding School for Boys. T TAHERWOOD, MA., LL D.. D.C,L,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ORECAMBE.—Mrs. WILKINSON, 63, Sea View Parade Ili Superior APARTMENTS, public and private; cycle accommodation; reasonable terms, bath, piano.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
oate 5 'Op tiribate Crisp

Otorks, Zufstnegiws. cu.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FISH, CHIPS, &c. splendid business; 11l health ; rent Is 6d clear.-14A. UPPER DUKE-STREET, Hulme, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
il_ool3 BUSINESS; CHIP POTATO SHOP, Rent 101 clesr. three bedrooms. !se, ingoing ,860 —7B, Tatton- street. Salford.

BUTChliti'S BUSINESS—best thoroughfare iu Birken- head, Splendidly fitted—web trade—owner retiring.— Apply PARK 10. Newby Terrace. Birkenhead,

Tell= FISH aid CHIP POTATO SHOP for Sale, good stand. doing go xi business, good reason for giving up. Apply CHANDLER 92 West Derby-road, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD ESTABLISHED GROCERY BUSINESS (Gorton), suit Wholesale or Large Dealer. Stock and fixtures at valuation.-47, PARBFIELD.BTREET, Rusholme, Manchester,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
OSALE,a Bay PONY, 11 bands, 5 years old.—Apply 104, UPHOLLAND•ROAD, Billlnge, near Wigan.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
VIVO-WHEELED BRHAD VAN; good condition, cheap, suit 15 hands—McLEon, Burscough, Ormskirk.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ON SALE, BAY MARE, black points, about 16 hands, 4 years OId—WILLIAM THOMPSON, 97, High-street, Skelmersdale.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
(IN SALIN MUTH (11 hands) age 5, quiet in harness and to kJ ride, can trot well.--54 NORBITRY.STREET,WeSt Leigh, Leigh, Lancashire.

IGHT PHAETON in good condition ; Lampe and -L.l Cushions complete, V.—GREEN BANK, Gatley-road, Cheadle, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON/ SERMON, LECTURE, SALE, and othlr POSTING BILLS

PROPRIETORS OF THE

CONCERT BILL AND PROGRAMMES. PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN,

JOHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS

FOR PRINTIYG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

lIRWSRY STREET, WARRINGTON. EXECUTES,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obareß.

/Rano.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
OLL BNR.—A quick. safe cure for stoutness. Price ls 3a, NOBLE GRAY, Caldecot, Cambridge. STAMMICRING Cured by correspondence or personally.— N. MASON, 68, Manor-road. Clissold-park, London. N.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ERCITA ElONS,logues. Sketches up-to-date. Is 1./ Rosebud Reciter, —WARD,I37 Attercliffe Common ; Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
FOEBIQN STAMPS.—lmmense stock for disposal, seise-- tions sent. Would purchase collections.— BRIDGER 65. Bishopsgate Without, London, 11.0

===== 0002601_19010719_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
pHOFITABLII tioods.—Jewellery, Hardware, Bedsteads. Furniture, Clocks. Wholesale Illustrated Catalogue ree,-13ERRIDGE Co.. (102) Birmingham, Bstablished 1878.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
e-hester:

===== 0002601_19010719_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
I 0 BB SOLD, GAS BNGINB H-Brake-power ;as good 1. as new; san be seen working.—Hoonwur, 77, Market- street, Earlestown.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

All the advantages of co-operatlon may be secure,i without trouble 13/ customers dealing with BOOTS, the CASti PRICE DISPENSING CHICEISTS, who prepare Physicians Prescriptions and Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, Or equal to an Immediate dividend nt 50 per cent. on the outlay.

OVER 200 BRANCHES.

BACH BRANCH IS CNDRII THR ILINAGEMIINT cF A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STRBET WARRINGTON 6. BRIDGE-STREET

ALSO AT 6. ORMSKISK-STRBET, ST. HELENS.

BRIDGR-STREiRT, RUNCORN, & 20, ALBRRT-ROAD.

WIDINES.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eptles,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FRES WHEELS. Specially screwed to suit old hubs, 8r post free.—PEnvEara CLl,Tett COY., Coventry.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
1:5 BICYCLES £5

100 SHOP .SOILED BICYCLES

WORTH £lO 10s.,

NOW OFFERED FOR ONE WEEK ONLY,

,R 5 EACH.

This Of er Can Never Be Made Again. so Come Quickly and Buy or You will have Cause to Regret.

Remember livery Machine is P sleet. and You are

Dealing with an

OLD-E3TAIILISIED Friof.

HARDIE, LIMITED,

BERRY STRETT, LIVERPOOL,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
T. ALLEN AND SONS.

(OF I WARRINGTOW.)

SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. BEG 10 GIVE NOTICE THATt ITHEY HAVE IOPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OETE EN STREET, EARLESTO WN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VARNISH. AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING. PAINTING, GASFITTING, A. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORK MANS HIP. REASCNABLE PRICES. AGEzasivoß- "IWELS BACH " INCAYDESCIEST LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FII

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT

PITTS'S, LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch) ; ALSO AT PITTS'S, PANTHEON, GA Y THORN (Just past Manchester Central Station).

GREAT BARGAINS. CLEARANCE IMPERATIVE. ENTIRELY IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFIT.

PINTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 22k, 281, 381. 50, 76, 100, 200, up 1.000 guineaa. apeolally augmented in Quality and Quantity of Articles, for this Sale far SUBPASbBS OTHERS. Full' particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUID containing 700 designs, priced 50 PER CENT BELOW ex- pensive city firms, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent.

PITTS 'S DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.- Astounding Display of Suites in morocco, saddlebags, velvet, and otter costly fabrics. For instance, splendid Suite, American walnut, covered wi h rich Utrecht velvet, coat £45, Pitts's price, £l5 10s ; handsome Sideboard to match, cost £25, Pitts's price CO 10a. Extending Dining Table, coat £7 for £3 3s. Grand Suite. American walnut and Arabian saddlebags, cost £5O guineas. Plates price £lB. BilagnlS-ent brown Oak Suite, in real morocco leather, cost 60 guineas, Pitts'a price 25 guineas. Colossal solid Oak Side- board to match, profusely carved, cost £B5. Pitta's price £36. Serviceable Suite, in real leather, £7 10s, cost £2O. Another in velvet. £8 Bs. cost £22. Sideboard, three bevelled plates in back. £4 5.; worth double. Scores to select from. Side- boards, Dining Tables, Dinner Waggons, every size, make, and design, in endless profusion, at giving-away prices.

PITTS'S DRAWING-ROONI, FURNITURE.— Superb collection of choicest designs, such as Chippen- dale, Shearton. Adams, Louis, &a.. &a., in rosewood. beauti- fully-Inlaid Circassian and Italian walnut, &c., upholstered with every conceivable variety of coverings, including Genoa and frieze velvets. brocitelle, cordaine. &c.. &o. Chippendale Suite In dark mahogany, cost £53; Pitts's price 24 guineas. Overmantel to match. cost £l5 ; Pitts's price 6 guineas. Also Cabinet, °cat £55 ; Pitta's price 20 guineas. Italian Walnut Suite. in rich velvet, cost £35 ; Pitts's price 10 guineas. One in tapestry, cost £3O ; Pitts's price 12 guineas. Another in Embossed Velvet. cost £2l ; Pittsb price 8 guineas. Sitting. room Suite, complete, cost £2O ; Pitts's price 9 guineas ; has coach, two easy and small chairs, in'mahogany and hair, or leather ; sideboard, table, carpet. fender, %rid Are brasses ; a marvel, well worth securing. Cabinets, Overmantels, Occa- sional Tables, &c., &c. Grand value.

PITV'S BEDROOM FURNITURE.—By far the largest and best selection in the prOtrinCes. Over a hundred SUMS, solid wood throughout, all complete, in satin walnut, American walnut, Spanish mahogany, ash, and other fashionable wools. Grand solid American Walnut Suite, complete. cost £65 ; Pitts's price 25 guineas. Splendid Satin Walnut Suite, cost £45 ; Pitts's price kt 3 guineas. Ash Suite, cost £25 ; Pitts's price 11 guineas. Bntire contents of Bedroom. cost £2O: Pitta's price 9 guineas. containing wardrobe, pair of toilet tab'es. chest of drawers, pedestal cupboard, towel-rail, three chairs, toilet glass, brass- mounted bedstead, mattresses, wool bed, bolster, two pillows, carpet, fender, and toilet ware, all complete. Massive all brass Bedstead, cost E 11; Pitis's price 6 guineas. Brass-snoupted Bedstead, spring and wool mattressess, full size and quality. for 3 guineas ; worth £3.

pITTS'S BEDSTEADS & BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Flare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them and rue after.

piTTS'S CAMPETS & FLOOR COVERINGS.- Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs, mtny of which exclusive; exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge,

IDITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSO EITES Mail Carts, Lamps, China. Glass, Earthenware' Billiards. Bagatelle, lc, lc. Astounding value Well worth inspection. QAMUEL PITTS MANCELESPER, LONDON.KOAD (Ardwick, Belle Vue, and Longsigh4 Cars), GATTHOBIS (11 City•road Oars pass door), Rational Te!epnone 1124,

br-,..7;7.: • , 44444:

===== 0002601_19010719_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
penal

===== 0002601_19010719_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
g§giless bp Ruction

===== 0002601_19010719_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE form in which Lord Rosebery's Lord ROBEBERY 130 Manifesto

chosen to put his pro- nouncement on the present situation of the Liberal party has its advantages. The exaggers' tion of colour and effect whieh the excitement and other attendant circumstances of a club meeting must have produced in a speech under the auspices of the City Liberal Club has been avoided. The letter may be taken as a plain, unembellished statement of the matured opinion of an authority and will receive that consideration due to an ita. portant emanation froraksach a weighty source. From the author's point of view, the statelnal:: of the case and the reasoning founded upoa IC perfectly sound 4 Ebr five years the noble has effaced himself for the good of the part)! ? which he was for a short time the Leader, not I° the expectation but in•the hope that some solution might be found of the difficulties which were rend" ing the party. He has no desire to return to the arena of party politics—indeed he declares that he will never again voluntarily do so : but, taking advantage of the agreement lately arrived at by. the party managers. to allow freedom of speech without prejudice,.his lordship sets forth in clear and well-defined outline his views of the situation These views are, of course, those of an Imperialist, who sees not in tile war alone, but in the much wider question of E nip ire, the root of the present difficulty. It is well that this point brought out out with sufficient clearness, because it i 5 one that will have to be taken account of even after the immediate question of the war is settled' • It is the permanent question which will remain' and must be faced, and it disposes at once of tile vain hope that when the war has been ended all' he trouble will disappear. It is che issue upon' bvhich the country has decided in favour of the , Unionist Government, and upon which it will re' peat its decision unless the Liberal party can coo' solidate•its views upon a firm basis with regard te' it. It is the broad question of regarding the growing Empire from the modern point of vie' as against the narrow view held and expounded by Mr. LABOACRIERE and Sir WILFRID LAWS°. This is the practical question to which the partY has yet to address itself, and find out its bearinge if it isto have any chance of surviving as a part9' With regard, to the war itself, Lord RosrunaV ie as ranch an extremist as is Mr. Ltovn.Groitol, Either the war was wrong and morally bad or I " was not ; either its methods are barbarous or the, atenot. If the former be the case, the war ought to be stopped; if the latter, it ought to.be prose' cuted with the utmost rigour to the 'aitter end' These are the views of Mr. STEAD and ikr..LLair. GEORGIE ; but, unlike these gentlemen,Eord ROO; WIRY does not profess at present to be practiev He is simply enouncing a great principle. IP does not shew the Liberal party, a bat° way; he seems to regard this as impossibl64 and the prospect he holds out of theluture de; veloptnent of the evolution of thought from wilictit the party is suffering is pebsimistic enough. 017 all: cannot agree to sit on the philosophic perc,,' ' and from the seclusion of tho contemplative Ng' produce beautiful theories of how the psychic work in their mysterious weaving of the wen °f human destiny. Men in tha ordinary walks ee life are first practical. They will find that Clic theory of the noble Earl logically results in furthet. disintegration and ultimate pulverisation; bi2o, they will not court such a fate if they be Men are not logical as a rule. They are guidedtbe impulse quite as much as by reason, and in est complicated mixture of human motives the at'. theory rarely reaches its legitimate concl091(100 But, in the main, whose men take sound corn° - If 0,0 sense as their guide they generally "'et there!oce the Americans say, all the same. In the 5135' 1:13 of an alternative solution of an immediate 110„, practical kind it is difficult to see what svisg better course could have been adopted hYe 0 leaders of the party than that which has joA bewed taken; and while every latitude should be 5110 .60. for a free interchange of thought on the g` question of Imperial policy, it is to be 11(

I

I

0:31),(1 0114

z r c

1 1 I 1

,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Loss 07 L. k1ii.A.231- c.

obtained, 3ertain ifl ad vigour organs et ty, Wine !n, and

Mcclictne lawtapped amp]:

p.c. dis.l

liv Strong anteed). , and ['ER.

IiESTBE

DITIOIIS

DAYS CATIONS

lESTES.

....mm...••••`' -_-----.

r

I

11° section of the party will commit itself to any rash action which may have the effect of destroying the working arrangement that has been arrived at.

The Evening THE two-edged nature of School Minute. the thrust which the Govern- ment has made in the vitals 01 the School Board system of education, by means Of the minute issued by the Board of E iucation Or the regulation of the evening continuation Schools, was well exposed by the debate in the Rouse of Lords on Monday afternoon. Applying the keen edge of restriction to age, the Board had severed the vast majority of the pupils from the evening schools of the School Board, with the result, as blandly expressed in the letter of Sin ,3.°1:1N GORST'S secretary, that the schools cannot long survive the stroke. With the other edge an Outlet has been opened for a complete subversion 01 the principles of the Education Act of 1870, so gross as to be declared illegal by both LORD BRAY and EARL SPENCER, and apparently on very good rinthority. In their eagerness to provide a sub Vention for the Voluntary schools the Board of Zducation have gone the length of applying the grant which they have withdrawn from School Board pupils above fifteen to pupils of all ages in anY other kind of school. Now, it was a principle Clearly established by the Education Act of 1870 that the Parliamentary grant was to be given only to schools which came under the designation of public elementary schools, and these Schools were required to fulfil certain conditions 813ecified by the Act. But the Government, while Scrupulously careful about preserving the law to Its letter, and even beyond it, so far as it can be held to apply adversely to Board schools, have no Filleh scruple when the schools of their friends °inside of the School Boards are concerned. Hence it is found that the new minute makes the grant applicable to outside schools of any description, Without any reference to the original designation °1 public elementary schools. It may have been the result of an oversight; but EARL Srexcen,by quoting the wordsof the Appropriation Act,which 'Were altered in 1900, appears to indicate that the Qovernmeat had previously been contemplating their present action and preparing the way for it. It ia I,t - well-known that the restrictive action of the —c'ard of Education on the School Board work is nut a thing of yesterday, and that they did not Wait for the Cockerton judgment for initiating their campaign of restriction and demolition. It is therefore quite reasonable to suppose that the words of the Appropriation Act, which now bear n. general relation to salaries and expenses of the Board of Education, and of various establishments and authorities in connection therewith, and sun- dry grants, were adopted in full view of the cam- Ysign which was then determined on, and is now uerng carried out. As Lord PORTSMOUTH said on Ronday,the real injustice of the new continuation school minute is that it proposes one scheme for Voluntary schools and another for Board schools. Itl3 indeed difficult, as his lordship said,to under- stand the prejudice in the minds of the Board of tducation regarding the Board schools. The great bulk of them have done goed work. Even kr BALFOUR has admitted that 99 per cent of them might be carried on without overlapping; t4erl yet the only justification Ministers can find their action consists of party gibes ar d alleged Nilts of the most trumpery nature. The BISHOP ii4tIEREFORD bore noble testimony to the excel- 40t work that has been done under combined Saanagernent at Manchester, where sectarian jealousies have been laid aside with the most beneficent results, under Mr ACLAND'S code. Sir /LLIAM HART DYKE, Major BA.NEs of South West Ram, and other Unionists who know and appreciate the good work done by School Boards in the cause of national education, have borne testimony which is a sufficient answer to all the silly and transparent taunts of interested members of the Government. If the Government deter- mine to 'carry through their campaign on the present lines,it will not be without ample warning of its mischievous results.

There is said to be a movement on the General Inedical Council for a yet stricter interpretation of the rule which forbids advertisement by medical Practitioners. It is not sufficient that the surgeon Or Physician should be forbidden the use of the advertisement columns of the newspapers which is allowed to the banker, the musician, and even in ,lsrlroe degree to the divine. He must in the future abstain from permitting portraits of him- !elf to appear in the papers on occasions on which, or instance, he has been a leading actor in some great public ceremony, and he must not on any account allow biographies of himself to appear, Whether or not they mention his record as a prac- titioner or his qualifications. The advocates of this new code of professional honour do not seem to see the ridiculous futility of such a proposal. If it is to be logically carried out, the proprietors of every illustrated paper would have to erase,say, from the view of a stone-laying the figure of a surgeon who happened to be interested in the matter, or from a group of town councillors they would have to strike out any physician who may be serving his fellow-townsmen as their elected representative. Nay, a medical man, on present- ing himself as a candidate for the choice of the ratepayers, must expect to see in the papers Counterfeit presentments and appreciative bio- Rrapkies of his rivals, and know that any refer- !Mee to himself would bring dire penalties upon his head. But cannot the General Medical Council Ro further? Why not forbid polished door- Plates, which are certainly an advertisement in their way, and deny successful practitioners those *ell-equipped carriages which advertise the suc- °las, and therefore, presumably, the merit, of their owners?

The tragic death of two young actresses in Eloomesbury illustrates the hardness of the dra- Inatic career in its early stages,even for those whose ' ability gives promise of success. Miss Olga Nether- anle some time ago wrote an article for the benefit = Id aspirants. She told them the conventional idea Of what was required fell far short of the demands. ' -clae popular notion is that an actress must have a Pretty face, a good figure, an emotional nature, ; and a voice that is capable of expressing emotions In all their varying shades. These things are, nowever, only a small part of what is needed. An actress must have a strong physique, an optimism Which will enable her to bear the buftetings of fortune, and—a good digestion. In her early .days = she is poorly paid for the work she has to do, and in addition to the fatigue of the performance in Foot of the footlights, the late hours and the tleated atmosphere,there frequently preparation of new pieces to be done in the mornings; and, for most,there is the touring from town to town— Working six days a week and travelling on the gnnday. All the prizes in the profession are the to obtain, and so triumph is greater for Lae women who emerge from the ordeal with fame and a handsome income. But the truth should be nrn k in order that girls who would enter op th car' eer because it seems outwardly so pleasant raaY not suffer a painful disillusionment. The two Vilng ladies who committed suicide in/ Blooms- .' urY had a splenaid pride,which made them object to +I, I t thought of appealing to friends for help. bl_t•if they had had a little more patience, pro- a°l3, their talents would have carried them along. There

has been no week so exciting as this in World of cricket for many seasons. First of all

it has seen the fall of the mighty. The invincible Yorkshiremen who had not sustained one defeat in forty-seven consecutive engagements during the past two seasons were severely defeated on Wed- nesday at Leeds by Sotnersetshire, one of the lowliest of the first-class cricket teams, It was a most remarkable game, for on the first innings Yorkshire had a lead of some 250 runs, which the Somerset men not only wiped off, but compiled the huge total of 630 runs and ultimately won by a majority of 279 runs. This is not half a beating, but a real honest thrashing, and it is also to be remembered that Somersetshire came as near as possible to bringing about a simi- lar result early in the season at Taunton. Tney have.also heavily defeated the sister county team of Lancashire, and t:iree years ago they knocked Surrey out of the championship in the last match of the season and thus left the County Palatine in possession of the laurels. It is a brave eleven that is capta;ned by the popular SM J Woods. This week's games have also seen a first-class match end in a tie—that between the South Africans and Worcester—who each scored 433 runs. On Wednesday, too, Mold issued a reply to the statements on the throwing question by James Phillips. Some of his argu- ments are very penetrative,while in his concluding sentence the Lancashire express simply bowls the ' umpire middle stump. The throwing question is not ended, however, and the variety of opinion in regard to Mold is considerable. Whether majori- ties must rule remains to be seen.

It is not a very dispiriting fact that the War- rington Musical Society is in debt to the tune of £l5O. Societies of this description are so depen- dent on public favour and the humour of the mul- titude that it is not an uncommon or surprising thing for them to show a deficit, and the members as a rule are not greatly alarmed when they do. Of course it would be vastly more encouraging if they paid their way and made a profit. The War- rington Musical Society has had a bad year, but 'then this last twelve months has been a bad time for most organisations dependent on public sup- port, and a better future may reason- ably be looked forward to. There was little despondency at the society's annual meeting held last week, rather, indeed, a strain of cheerfulness for everybody felt that the deficit could easily be wiped off by a special effort. Mr J Parr, the president,made an interesting allusion to the class of concerts given by the society and ven- tured to suggest that the standard was too high. This seems rather a bold idea but there is much to be said in support of it. Theoretically we carniof have too high a class of music,and in the matter of educating the public taste •up to good music the society has done an invaluable work for many years, but the question which arises is : does the society cater for the best paying section of the public? The answer to that question is clearly, Ni! Quite likely the society would not attempt to cater for ' that section, even though it paid, if doing so involved the lowering of the high class of music which the members have learned to look upon as something not only expected from them, but something it is their special object to provide. Yet the advisability or otherwise of departing from the supremely classical occasionally is worth considering. We all know how popular the operas are. Why should not the Warrington Musical Society make an occasional excursion into the domain of Gilbert and Sullivan? Some such ven- ture would probably be attenAed with gratifying financial results, and the society would not have lowered very much the standard of its music.

The Borough Treasurer's abstract of accounts for the County Borough of Warrington has been published a month earlier :this year, and considering that the financial year only ended on the 31st of March last, Mr Fairhurst is to be con- gratulated upon the expeditious manner in which the numerous accounts have been presented to the ratepayers. The accounts form a bulky tome of nearly 200 pages, but it is not one of those produc- tions which is likely to be read from cover to cover at a single sitting. It is crammed with dry facts but nevertheless it contains some interesting in- formation for the sorely taxed ratepayer. An advance of eightpence in the 2 in the rates will probably serve to stimulate a keener in- terest in Corporation expenditure, and by a study of the Borough Treasurer's state- ment, the ratepayer may obtain some information as to how the rates have been spent. The return showing the assessable value and rates levied since 1857 shows clearly the tendency of the rates to advance within recent years. For the first forty years from 1857, the average rates levied have ranged from 5s 81d to 5s 10d in the 2 whereas the average for the past five years has been 6s 1?,-43 in the 2. This advance has taken place notwithstanding the fact that the assess- able value has risen from £173,040 to £212,853 within the past five years. This increase in assessable value is due to a great extent to an increased assessment of existing property so that the increase in the amount of rates paid is con- siderably more than is represented by the averages when compared with the preceding years.

From the aggregate balance sheet we learn that the total assets of the borough now exceed one million sterling, the exact estimate being £1,183,850 4s 11d. The liabilities to be set against this sum are put down at £858,029 19s id. The only accsunt which shows a deficiency is that relating to the electricity de- partment, the deficit amounting to £867 2s 7d. This deficiency is entirely due to bank interest and commission. The liabilities are £44,960 15s lid and up to the end of March last the income was only £457 4s id. This is the result of the first three months' working and can hardly be taken as a criterion of what the actual results will be. When the proposed extensions have been made, the liabilities will approach £60,000 and the undertaking will require very careful handling if it is to make a profit. The tramways undertaking does not enter largely into this year's account, but it will perhaps come as a mild shock to the unsuspecting ratepayer that the preliminary expenses of obtaining the order have amounted to £1,447. The progress of both these municipal undertakings within the next few years will have an important bearing upon the rates,but at the present moment there is no reason for pessimism. The results may even exceed the anticipations of the greatest optimist.

3 tit- IP •

===== 0002601_19010719_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter. --- Victoria Day, by the bill which is now before Parliament will net interfere with any of the cu tomary national holidays. The object of the measure is to amend the Bank Holidays Act of 1871 and the Holidays Extension Act of 1875 in such way as to make an additional bank holiday to ba called Victoria Dar The sentiment of loyalty which underlies the scheme is admirable, for, while on every hand eff >rts are being made to perpetuate ' the blessed memory of Queen Victoria by concretel memorials, this measure would create a great popu- lar festival in perpetuation of a Sovereign who name must ever be associated with a superb era of British history. Victoria Day, in short means another national or bank boliLlay. So that neither Whitsuntide nor the August holidays are to he dis- placed. It is tolerably clear, though not yet ' explicitly stated in the House of Commons, that Victoria Day will be made to fall between the Whitsuntide and the August Holidays. Either the anniversary of Accession Day or Coronation Day may be the date selected. Both are suitable from the public point of view, because both fall at that season of the year most acceptable for outdoor holiday making. And this will leave unbroken the long spell of work and application lying between , the first Monday of August and Christmas Day.

Members of Friendly S3cieties have a right to feel that they have been badly treated by the House of Lords in the rejection of the Friendly Societies (Outdoor Relief) Bill. One noble lord described it ai being backed, "with 0119 exception," by vote-hunting humanitarians. The result was eo unexpected that it has been received with a feeling of con.ternation among the class directly affected. The argument that appea•ed to influence the peers none of whom can ever have been in a position to dread poverty ia old age, was that this would be introducing a new principle in.° poor-law adminis-

tration, which, of course, it would. This was the great merit of the bill Cheir lordships, however, living in a calm region away from the stress of life as endured by the poor,declined to sanction the change, althoug'a advocated by Lord James of Hereford, Lord Rosebery and others, after having passed through all its stages in the House of Com- mons. There could not be any tangible objection to the measure, which was remarkably brief, and simply proposed to make compulsory hitherto per- missive r-Tulations that in granting poor relief account need not be taken of incomes derived from friendly society allowances up to but not exceed- ing five shillings per week. The wisdom of thus directly punishing thrift is more than questionable.

St Swithin's Day found many people observing the weather anxiou-ly even in this first year of the twentieth century. The forecast for Monday sug- gested showers which, as the day advanced, came not, and those who longed for rain had their hopes in that quarter blighted. The legend of bow the good old Bishop of Winchester prevented his monks interring him in the chancel, and enforced the ful- filment of his wishes by sending heavy rain on July 15th and for forty days after,is now almost forgotten Yet the weather lore that was deducted from the legend, or it; may be gave rise to it, has as many ad- herents now as ever, deTite all that meteorological authorities may say, and have said against it.

Police officers in every part of the provinces are interested in a decision which Judge Waddy has just given, affecting pensions. The Sheffield Watch Committee had refused to take house accommoda- tion and free supply of gas, coal, and water allowed to officers into consideration, in calculating the retiring pensions to which three inspectors were entitled. The inspectors appealed to the quarter sessions, and the recorder, Judge Waddy, pro- nounced in favour of the appellants, whose pensions are consequently increased some £2O a year. It would appear that the Watch Committee bad regarded house rent, and a free supply of light, water and fuel as mere perquisites, or something thrown in as " extras.' But these items invariably constitute a very important consideration in any man's domestic arrangements, and even when "thrown in," are naturally looked upon as part and parcel of the ordinary income.

Dr. Macoamara brought before the House of Commons on Tuesday a matter that has often exci- ted attention in the provinces, but not always so much as it ought to have done. For a long time past municipalities have been hampered in neces sary work by the provisions insisted upon by the Local Government Board with regard to the raising of loans. The first question raised related to the loans of municipalities for the erection of working- class dwellings. Experience proves that the terms upon which municipalities are allowed to borrow check municipalenterprise. It was contended that municipalities ought to build at such cost tha the rents would 301110 within reach of the poorest, and this is obviously true. But the rules of the Local Government Board prevent it. As Dr Macnamara said, "the repayment in the limited number of years now insisted upon made it imperative to charge rents which are prohibitive to the class most in need." It is not the security that is in question ; nor is it the lenders or the borrowers who stand in the way ; but the Local Government Board, which considers it elf the '' trustee for posterity." AS was said in this letter a week or tw I ago, it is not desirable that local authorities should have no check on their borrowing, and should be able to leave the greater part of all loans to be paid by posterity ; but the nature of the security, the permanence of the work to be done, and the moral value of it, are also considerations that might be expected to guide the action of the Local Government Board.

--- Political parties are now actively engaged in ob- taining the claims of lodgers who- are on the old register and entitled to again claim their votes. All lodgers who have been in occupation of their lodg- ings since the 15th of July last year, and are pay- ing not less than four shillings per week, are en- titled to make a claim under this franchise.

Motoring is likely to become still more fashionable by the partiality which the king is displaying for the new vehicle. His Majesty is known to have bought several cars for his personal use, and although he will not, it is said, take any of them with him when proceeding to the Continent a few weeks hence, it is added that he intends to have some cars built for continental use for which they will be reserved. Society will then, of course,want its holiday motors, and things point to increasing prosperity in this comparatively new • industry which has arisen. So that, in spits of all prognos- tications to the contrary, and for weal or for woe to the ordinary pedestrian, the autocar promises to have quite" a future."

Resolutions by Boards of Guardians in various parts of the provinces, regretting the action of the House of Lords in throwing out the Friendly Societies (Outdoor Relief) Bill,are becoming a kind of "order of the day."

Provincial people are, of course, very much in- terested in the debates going on in Parliament relating to the latest education measure. The only strong point made in the House of Commons this week by Sir John Gorst, appears to be in his criti- cism of the' smaller school beards, and here is a curious illustration which cr living up at the pre- sent jancture, must be regarded as striking of its kind. A small Somerestshire village has a school board, of whic4 four out of its five members are churchmen. So this board, in seeking for a master for the board school, decided to stipulate "Church- man preferred," and further decided by three to two that applications should be addressed to the Vicar the Chairman. After this, it must be ad- mitted that it is certainly undesirable the educa- tional area should be so small as it sometimes as.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
m E EXAMINER FRII )A V. JULY 19 1901.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BT 11. CORRESPONDENT.] The special meeting of the Runcorn Urban Dis- trict Council was for the purpose of transacting important business in connection with the Trans- porter Bridge. Everyone would like to bear of a definite date being fixed for the commencement of building operations. That it cannot be long de- layed is a general opinion and the special meeting of the Council, and the fact that the Widnes Cor- poration Committee have dealt with plans of the approaches at 'the Widnes end of the Bridge goes far to confirm it.

Ihe school teachers of the Runcorn Board Schools are ti be hiphly complimented on the success of their prize scheme, and as I some time ago took exception to the quality of the prizes Riven, I must of necessity show my appreciation of the veryl excellent lot of prizes they offered the children on this last occagion. A good many of them passed through my hands and I have nothing but the highest words of commendation to bestow upon those responsible for this year's selec- tion. Those people who have supported the "prize fund" can accept my assurance that the money has been well-spent.

General regret is expressed at the removal from Runcorn of Superintendent Parson. though there is not an individual in the town who regrets his advancement. He has not been long amongst 113 but in the short time at his disposal he has done much in removing snares and pitfalls which too often proved the undoing of the sailors who fre- quented the port. Inspector Hicks, who has been amongst us for a much longer time, also leaves on the first of August, but it is not generally known that the well-known and genial Constable Carring- ton, whose figure is perhaps the most familiar one in Runcorn, is also on the removal list. He goes, I understand, with his prevent superintendent.

Mr 9 Woodward at the meeting of the Board o Guardians took exception to the manner in which the correspondent to the " Liverpool Daily Post had worked out his figures. The matter arose in' connection with a comparsion made by Mr Wood- ward of the " old " and " new" Dietary Order, gr Woodward stating that there was a difference of £l3O or so in the bills for a fortnight and the corresponding fortnight." Mr Woodward also took the opportunity of pointing out "that the compari- son was not a fair one." but still it would do to show there was a distinct difference in the work- ing of the two orders ; though it was not quite so much as the Master had first thoncht it would be. —The " Post" Correspoodent, however, had ap- parently worked the figure out for the twelve months and represented an additional cost of some £3,000 odd on the year. That this was not so, one was glad to learn. Mr Woodward failed to account for the foundation of the report, and could only attribute it to the" hot weather and the indescrib- able, non-understandable, propensities of the printers devil." One would now like to know the true comparison.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNFORTUNATE RUNCORN CONTRACT.

-- - At the London Bankruptcy Court,on Wednesday, an application was made to Mr Registrar Giffard to grant an order of discharge to Vincent James Barton, iron merchant and contractor, of 15, Wallbrook, London. It appeared that the debtor, who had been in business for many years, in December, 1897, entered into a 'contact with the Lancashire White Lead Com- pany, Runcorn to erect plant and machinery at their works at that place for £13,000, payab:e in shares of the company. The order for the machin- ery was given to Messrs Robert Daglish and Co. engineers, of St Helens, for which £2,315 was to be paid. Litigation arose in connection with the goods supplied with the eventual result that Messrs Diglish recovered judgment for £574 and costs, and instituted the preeent bank- ruptcy proceedings. Mr Hough, senior official re- ceiver, reported that the debts were £2,306, but ' that only creditors for £433 has proved against the estate; the assets had realized £100; that the debtor had previously failed 21 years ago, as the result of a railway com- pany having made default in payment for rolling stock supplied b 3 He hal been in business 40 years, and attributed his failure to the law costs of the action (about £950), to bad debts (.£235). and to his profits some years ago having been insufficient to meet his expenses. The offences alleged were in- suffiaient assets and books,continning to trade with a knowledge of insolvency, and a previous failure. Mr Harper, for the debtor, disputed certain of the findings in the report as to the previous failure il,nd the books, and asked the Registrar, having regard ' to the debtor's age, to grant the discharge subject to judgment being entered for a certain amount. The Registrar found the previous failure not proved, and suspended the discharge for two years.

PRIZE DISTRIBUTON AT RUNCORN BOARD SCAOOL. Full Prize Lists. The annual prize distribution took place at the above shoot on Wednesday afternoon. Mrs F. J. Norman per- forming the function in the boys department, and Miss Pritchard, the Elms, in the girls department. The prize fund is raised entirely by the efforts of Miss Kilburn (head mistress) and Mr J F Moulton (head master) and their excellent teaching staffs, by means of concerts and bazaars held during the winter months, and is an institution which does them every credit. Besides the ladies mentioned above, and the bead teachers and staffs, there were also present: Mr J W Lightburn (clerk to the School Board) Mr A Lightburn, and a number of the scholars' parents. The rcoms had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, but the palm in this direction was easily secured by those responsible for the junior boys department. The prize lists were as follows : BITS DEPARMENT. The following boys have obtained prizes for success- ful work : , STANDARD I. (a) :—G Evans, C Lunt, J Thompson, W Lloyd, E Carter, C Ball, W Harrison, T Noden, El Craddock, W Jones, G Penny, A Wilson. STANDARD I. (b) :—W McQuinn, H Sanclbach, J Wettings, F Knight. S Walton, J Garner, W Clare. STANDARD 11. (a) Corr, H Hulme R Garratt. W Hassall, J Ackerley, A Hughes, L Wishlade. T Booth, F Outhwaite, J Foster, F Davies, H Etussey, A Bowman,S Hyde. STANDARD 11. (B) :—W White,El Corker, A Broughton, H Cashin, J Scrag. A Kearialey, J E lwards. STANDARD 111. (a) :—H Roberts, T Steele, A Eden, A Kink:roes, W Booth, S Peers, A Jones, R Moulton, A Rowe, J Martin, E Abel, J Batterworth. :STANDARD 111. (b) :—A Shingler, J Taylor, E Bate, T Uawthorne, W Peacock, T Wilson, P Gregory, E Good- all, D Priestley, G Dugdale. STANDARD IV. (a) :—R Eloose, T S Stringer, rt Rees, A Steel, J Rowbottom, A Watson, R Carter, W Fleet, G Clark, J Kenwright. STANDARD IV (b) :—J Brimelow, J Hayes, H Carter, J H Soragg, H Harrison, R Owen, T Ross, 0 Hughes, K Branch.

STANDARD V. :—B Lunt, R Edwards, W Wishlade, P Handing, J Turnbull, E Davie., T Mounfield, G Walton, J Parry, L Hayes, A Roberts, L Whyte. J Mercer, H Charlesworth, W Williams, P Dunbar/a-id, F Prince. STANDARD VI. and VII :—J G Andrews, G E Higgins, H Burn, JUprose, T Abrams, 9 Hough, F Robinson, R Booth,H Mann, E Scragg. The following boys gained certificates for regular attendance ; STANDARD I. (a) :—W Hankey, G Coatsworth, J Wardle, J Jackson, C Shallcross, T Noden, G Evans, G Penny, W Harrison, F Harrison, S Davies, A Holt, F Ramsden STANDARD I. (b) :—L Hallwood, W Hughes, G Hayes, F Dukes. STANDARD 11. (a) Arden, J Ackerley, C Berry, Bowman, A Hughes, W Morrell, A Moores, J Sweetman, E Shields, W Britland, H Davies, J Summerfielda Ford. STANDARD IL (b) :—W Davies, E Fleet, G Hignett, J Lyons, F Mort, A Ilearsley, R Parker, L Ryder, C Fau'kner, J Edwards, G Parker. STANDARD 111 (a) :—A Eden, E Abel, J W Harrison, A Killcross, S Leach, A Lunt, A Rowe, R Moulton, J Dimelow, J Shaw. STANDARD 111 (b).---J Booth, T Foster, P Gregory, E Goodall, T Hawthorne, B Kiight, E Santley, T Wilson, Chesters. STANDARD IV (a) :—J Rowbottom, W Fleet, H Eledg- cock, G Rands, 'C S Stringer, G Lister, R Carter, S Gavter, W Bignett. STANDARD IV (h) :—J Abrams, H Carter, J Hayes, E Haves, R Owen, S Ryder, J H Scragg, Harry Hardley A Brown, P Ford. STANDARD V :—J Hughes, A Lea, T Mounfielcl, J Mercer, MeN ntou, 5 Owen, F Rushton, L Whyte, A Corker, J Carter, G Cashin, J Gayter, W Griffiths, D Hough, J W Cawley, R J Abram. H Parker. STANDARD VI AND VII :—W Norbury, H Mason, J E I Andrews, E Lloyd, H Mann, T Abrams, E Scragg, E Barker, A Winston. The following, boys gained prizes in Gill's Interna- tional Writing Campetition ;—M Owen, W Ellis, J Row- bottom, H Rees, 13 Dugdale, A Bowman, E Large, F Ranisden, T Rawlinson. The following boys gained certificates in Gill's Inter- national Writing Competition :—J Sheen, J Sutton, W McQuinn. T Clarkson, A Holt, J Bellfield, E Taylor, C Pritchard, W Hassan, H Hulme, J Lloyd,o Pill, El Free- man L Wishlade, A Kr•araley.L Wilding, T Sandland, G Fowles, W Ramsden, E Hayes, G Williamson, G Morrell. W Dukes, J H Scragg, T Ross, J Hayes, 0 Britland, J J W Sefton, B Mellor, G Burton, R Hoose, C Gleave, T Stringer, E Scragg, W Smith, G L. Weedall, A Inman, P Dumbavand, A Corker, E Lloyd, F Rushton, W Nortury. p Lloyd, H W Joh.. SPECIAL Films :—The six successful competitors at the last County Council Scholarships examination re- ceived special prizli in recognition of their success,viz: —Handsome writing case kindly presented by Mr John Littler, member of the School Bard, to Morris Owen number 12 on the list. A beautiful box of instruments also given by Mr Littler was presented to James H R Burn number 16 on the list. The following successful candldates each recPived a handsome book :—John G Andrews, number 31; Thomas Abrams, number 37 ; Samuel Hough, number 40 ; John Killcross, number 42. GIRLS' DEPARTMENT. RELTMOUN KNOWLED ;E :—G Woodier, M Collinge, D Simon.

ARITHMETIC :—F Branch, M Thomas, E Stringer, M Leech, A Booth, M Gnu' h. COMPOSITION AND WRITING :—M Carter, M Houghton, G Burrows, M Nickson, H Jones, A Bailey, P Holt, G Whalley, M Chapman. GE^GRAPHY :—E Moorefield, C Abel, L Cottrell. NEEDLEW UME :—A Eitighes,L Oates, E Booth, E Hazle- horst. M Stephenson. B Coventry, J Neisb. RECITATION Bell, L Astbury. READING StanWaV, C Walker, F Moorefield, M Ritmon, M Winston, E Woodward. GENERAL GOOD WORK .—E Ceilings, L Harrivin, M Walker, F Percival, F Smith, R Spire, E Hankey, E McCutcheon' E Eyre B Hayes, A Garner, L Pendlebnry, M Andrews,C Marshall, N Hopwood, E Harrison, C Gleave, H Tickle, M Stubbs, B Worrell, M Curzon, J Walton, F Bellwood, C Shaw, A Crowther, M Bate. J Collinge, S E Johnson, M Bailey, N Jones, M Clarke, J Watton, T Knowles, L Dimelow, A Ritsen, C Williams D Marlow, W Holland, B Kelly. INDUSTRY AND GCOD CONDUCT ;—A Sanbacb,C Povah, E Jones, A Rvder, E Spira,M Bolt, D Timmins, A Allen, G Dutton.NE Hassellat Findlow,E Marshall. E Martin, A Wilson. N Craddook: E Elamnson, DArllngton, L Clare, E Beal, S Ackerley, M E Hatton, El Jones, F Smith. Artendance and good work.—N Pendlebury, A Owen M EScnith, E Moulton, M Hawthorn, B Simon, M squires, C Horton. L Hampson, H Whittaker, M Harri- son, B E E iwards, C Wainwright, A Hill. A Bibby, E Massey, E Bebbinetnn, H Blythe, E Horton, M Large, B Stringer, E Clare, F Millinger. Grammar.—J Cornea. Neatness.—A Brockbank. At the conclugon of each ceremony hearty votes of thanks were accorded Mrs F J Nc.rman, and Miss Pritchard for their services, the children testifying their appreciation with acclamation.

TNIE PLUCKY RESCIIR BY AN EARLESTOWN CONSTABLE. At the monthly meeting of the Royal flumane Society in London on Monday the following award amongst others, was made. Bronze medal to David Clarke of the Lancashire Constabulary, stationed at Newton Common, for plunging into a disused clay pit Common pit) at Newton-le-Willows in June, and saving a youth, who bed sunk whilst bathing. Clarke on reaching the bank used the Sylvester mo(le of treatment, and in 15 minutes restored the lad to conniousne.s. LAWNMOWERS GfiGUND AND RIIPAIRI3D. Green 'i Mowers itiwitim In steely—J. S. GAILLAND, Ironmonger Bridge-street, Warriagton.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

MUSICAL SUCCESSES.

At the examination Oi the Victoria College of Music, London, held recently at Liverpool, Mr H Ball obtained honours in the senior grade, and Miss I?: Peacock honours in the intermediate grade.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
-WIDNES WAR FUND.

The number of cases on the books has been reduced from 39 to 37. A total of £3,389 as 61 has been paid out, including £l3 193 41 for the 85th week ending July 611, 1901. The amount pre- viously acknowledged was £3,580 17s Id, and to this must be added the sum of .£6 9i 7d which has been recdived for the current week. PuIsILTI vE METHODIST CkIAPiiLRUNCOEN. On Sunday, flower services were held in the above church, the preacher being the Rev W Eyre, resident minister. Special hymns were sung, and the anthem " Consider the lilies" was a distinct musical treat. Toe communion table was taste- fully adorned with' a number of beautiful flowers, which were afterwards distributed to the poor. The collections were taken by ladies, and regarded as very satisfactory. GALLANT RESCUE AT RUNCORN. Bertie Howells, aged seven, of Porter-street,Run- corn (whose father is serving at the front) acci- dently fell into the Bridgewater Canal, whilst play- ing in its vicinity near Halton Crane, on Wednes- day evening. Lucky for him Thomas Horsefield, boatman, was near the spot, and immediately accomplished his rescue, carried him home and brought him to consciousness. This is about the eighth life that Horsefield has been instrumental in saving, and we think that the gallant boatman is deserving of some recognition from the Humane Society. ADULTERATED MILK AT WESTON POINT. At the Runcorn Sessions, on Monday. before Messrs F J Norman and W Timmins,George Mayers, provision dealer, Weston Point, was fined 104 and 244 6d costs for selling milk adulterated with 6 per cent of added water. The case was proved by Mr Albert Timmis, weights and measures inspector. of Chester Castle. For the defence, it was alleged that the milk had not been tampered with in transit from the cow to the customer, and probably the dry weather would account fer its poverty.— Mr Timmis pointed out, however, it was not the absence of the fatty solids but of the non-fatty solids, that the analyst, Dr James Carter-Bell,bssed his report on; when the non-fatty solids were in- sufficient it was proof that something had been put into it

===== 0002601_19010719_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN POLICE CHLNGES.

Consequent upon the retirement on pension of Chief Superintendent Large, of Middlewieh and Northwich, Superintendent David Pearson, of Run- corn, has been promoted to first-class superinten- dent and transferred to Middle wicb. Superinten- dent Pearson has had a distinguished career in the Cheshire force. Prior to being appointed superin- tendent al, Runcorn, he was detective inspector at headquarters, Chester, for over six years, and he unravelled many knotty problems in the detection of crime, He will be succeeded at Runcorn by Inspector George Ennion, of Sale, who is promoted to superintendent. Runcorn is also to lose the services of Inspector Hicks, who is transferred to Altrincham. Inspector Alexander, of Altrincham, is transferred to Sale. vice Inspector Ennion. The alterations will be effected as from the let A ugust next.

FIRE AT RUNCORN. On Saturday evening Mr Robert Wright, super- intendent of the Runcorn Fire Brigade, was going towards Halton, when he discovered some hay on fire in a field off Halton-road. He came back into the town and summoned the fire brigade, who pro- ceeded to the spot with all possible haste. The hay which belonged to Mrs Richardson, butcher, of Church-street, Runcorn, had been cut, and a por- tion of it trussed ready for removal. There were four tons of it altogether, an 1 its value was estim- ated at £l5. The hay was practically destroyed or rendered unfit for use, but the damage occasioned thereby is fully covered by insurance. HOLY TRINITY CHURCIT,RIINCORN. The annual choir sermons were preached It this church on Sunday. In the morning .the pulpit was occupied by the Rev D 'S Bowen. vicar of Weston Point, and the evening preacher was the Rev W C Unwin,curate of Widnes. In the afternoon a flower service was held,at which a seasonable address was given by the Rev El B Firth. Daring an interval the children presented gifts of flowers, to be after- wards distributed among the sick poor of the parish .The scholars also sang a number of specially selected hymns. In the evAning the choir gave an evcellent intsvoretatinn of Sullivan's anthem." Sing, 0 Ileavep," Miss Johnson rendering the solo part very effectively. The offmtories Were for the choir funds.

RUNCORN Pluisix Cffuncir. The junior members of the choir had their annua trip on Saturday last, the favoured resort being! Southport. The party, about 30 in number, in charge of the Rev H B Firth and Messrs F Boraston and J left Widnes soon after nine o'clock, arriving at Southport about 10 30. After a stroll through the leading thoroughfares a move was made towards the Temperance Hotel, where an amazing variety of dishes made glad the eyes of the hungry choristers. After a hearty repast the party spent a short time by the shore, and then proceed- ed by train to the Botanic Gardens, Churchtown. For a time the proprietor of the rowing boats and canoes on the lake was unusually active, but later on the lake was deserted for the pleasures of the museum, conservatory, swings, &c., and about 4 p m the tram was again requisitioned. Tea was subsequently served at ',IIEI Temperance Hotel. The time for assembling at the station came all too quickly, but on the way home general expressions of satisfaction were heard on all sides.

-- FORTUNE-TETLING AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn, on Thursday, before Messrs F J Nor- man and R H Posnett, Mary Smith, alias Gipsy Nell. a smart-looking young woman of eighteen years, was charged with professing to tell the for- tune of,Jane Yates, wife of a chemical worker. The prisoner told Mrs Yates she would show her some- thing to her advantage, and asked for the largest piece of silver in the house. Mrs Yates produced a 'crown, which prisoner pinned in a piece of brown paper, and placed in a tuhibler half-filled with water. Prisoner then breathed in the glass and Mrs Yates saw smoke arise. Prisoner said it would be necessary to place the silver on her planet-glass at home, and she pocketed the money and went sway. but left an old jacket and some cheap lace to show she would come back. Prisoner never returned, and a warrant being iesued, Detective Gregory cleverly traced her to Tyldeslev and appre- hended her.—Mr Knowles, solicitor, Widnes, who defended, said that at a recent garden-party in Runcorn a lady told fortunes by palmistry, and the poor ought not tl be placed in the dock for doing what was allowed to be done under the umbrella of , the rich.—Prisoner was fined 20s and costs, or twenty-one days.—The money Was paid.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

This body held its usual fortnightly meeting at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. There were present: Messrs J Knowles, J P (chairman). and S Woodward (vice—Chairman), Admiral Jones-Parry, Messrs J Mc latyre, T Wright, J Moseley Williams, E A Wallington, J Spruce. P Gleave, C Roylance, E Clarke, G Pilling, H Mawdstev, A E Gust. J Bolshsw,T Ant wise, J .thugley, W Turner, R Billington, with Mr W E Hough (acting clerk), Messrs Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), Mr James Farrington (inspector).

NUISANCE AT BOCK SAVAGE.

Mx J Thomas, Rook Savage, wrote under date July 8, 1901, lodging a serious complaint with regard to a bad stench which arose in the cenre of Mr Griffinas' field at the bottom of the bill there. The nuisance had been in existence some months, but he had not complained earlier because he expected it would have been remedied•

On the letter being read Mr Stoke corroborated the fact that the nuisance was a very great one. Mr Hough said that a copy of the letter had been for- warded to the inspector, and that he had replied it was a matter for the surveyors as it was connected with a public sewer. Subsequently on the motion of Mr Stokes it was de- cided to refer the matter to the surveyors, inspector,and a committee of Messrs Baxter, Darlington, Wright, Chadwick,Guest,and Stoke3,to visit the spot,with a view to effecting a remedy. Mr Linaker also promised to confer with the com- mittee.

THELWALL WATER SUPPLY.

. Messrs John White, Maclver and Company, Warring- ton, wrote under date July 9th with raterence to the Thelwall water supply, and enclosing analysis of water from Thomas Whitlow's pump. This wail, they stated, was used by several people about, including the tenants of the Ship Canal cottages near to. They were strongly of opinion that the proper course to pursue would be for tne District Council to bring the water to the I village from the house at Latchford Locks, and would guarantee, as far as the properties for which they were agents were concerned, to pay any reasonable sum required to make up the interest on the outlay. They thought also that probably Mr Stanton of Greenfield would j oin in this arrangement. Of course, they could not answer for him as they were not his agents. Mr Norman Taylor, chairman of the Thelw all Parish Council forwarded a copy of the following resolution passed by that body on the 15'h July :—" That the Rural District Council be requested to arrange with the Corporation of Warrington for the laying of water mains in the township of Thelwall and for the supply of water to the inhabitants of Thelwall from the new reservoir on High Warren." Admiral Parry proposed that the Warrington Corpora- tion be approached as requested by the Thelwall Parish Council.

J: Mclntyre seconded, and the resolution was unanimously carried.

DANGEROUS STEPS AT LATCHFORD,

The Clerk read the following letter :—" Examiner Office, Warrington, July 12th, 1901. Dear Sir,—l should be glad if you would draw the attention of your Council to the most dangerous condition of the wooden steps connecting Fairfield-road, Latchford, with the high level road bridge over the Ship Canal. The steps are in a chronic state of die-repair, and at the pre- sent moment there is one step entirely missing in the middle, so that a stranger coming down at night would almost certainly have a very bad fall. I myself live in Fairfield-road and use the steps daily, so that I can per- sonally testify to their dangerous condition. I have several times been given to understand that your Coun- cil intended to replace the steps with a properly built stone stairway or winding path, but month after month goes by and nothing is done. The matter is really urgent. If someone is so unfortunate as to break a limb here your Council may regret their culpable neglect when too late. Hoping you will rine this matter has the Council's early attention.—l remain faithfully yours, E. V. WALKER. editor.—G. F. Ashton, Esq." Mr Ashton said he had written in reply to the effect that the Surveyor had been instructed to put the steps in repair. .S4Mr Woodward : This matter was raised by Mr Pill- ing. Mr Pilling : It was ; and the Surveyor has informed me that the work will now go on all right. Tbis was corroborated by the Surveyor and considered satisfactory.

"A MISTAKE SOMEWHERE ¶ "

Mr J W Booth, Bellhouse-lane, Grappenhall, wrote asking the reason he could cot have bis house disinfected. Ile had had one of his children ill with a slight attack of scarlet fever, and had had to send the ether children away. He had written to the Medical Officer and Sanitary Inspector. but no notice had been taken of it. He wanted to know if the disinfection was to be carried out, as he wiBh3d to have his other children home again. Mr Farrington (the inspector) said he had not received any letter, that was his first intimation, and he would attend to it next day.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
MOORE LASE OItiTETTCTION.

Mr W H 'Hunter, engineer to the Manchester 'Ship I Canal Co. ,wrote enclosing copy of correspondence which had passed between the estate agent of the London and North Western Railway Co., and himself re tbe footpath at Moors,—Engineer's Office, Manchester, July 11th, 1901. Dear Sir. Yours of the 4th inat addressed to Mr Wallis has been handed to me. I pre- sume that you yourself do not happen to be ac- quainted with the facts of the case between the Railway Company and the Canal Company so far as the Devia- tion Railways and their collateral works are concorned • The Canal Company has no responsibility whatever in connection with these works, and as the footpath as to which complaint halt been made by the Rural District Council of Runcorn forms a part of them, the Canal Company has no responsibility in respect of it. The whole of the works were handed over to the Railway Company by, the Canal Company in 1893, and subse- quently a capital sum which covered all extra charges for maintenance etc of the whole and which was fixed by arbitration, was paid by the Company. Further the Railway Company h lye 'actually repaired the steps, and have maintained the f. neing of the particular footpath in ques ion, and, as you are probably aware, in an action at law, which arose out of an ancident which occurred at a similar footpath at Moore-lane the Railway Company after having pleaded that the respon- sibility lay upon the Canal Company, withdrew their plea and settled with the claimant. If you refer to the book of reference published by the Railway Company in the year 1896 in connection with the proposed Moore and Warrington widening you will observe that the slopes and footpaths which form part of the work in question were scheduled as the property of the Railway Company. lam forwarding copy of this letter to Mr Ashton, the Clerk to the Rural District Council,—Yours faithfully (signed) W Henry Hunter, chief engineer.— Edward Mackie Esq., estate department London and North Western Railway, Euston Station, N.W. " Euston Station, London, NW. July 4th, 1901. Dear Sir, Footpath at Moore. Further to my note of March 12th, I forward copy of letter dated 21;t March, from the Clerk to the Runcorn Rural District Council also extract from the accompanying enclosure. The matter being one entirely between the Ship Canal Company and the Council, I shall be glad if you will deal with it and send the Council a reply.—Your truly, (signed), E Mackie.—J D Wallis, Esq., Ship Canal Com- pany, 20, Booth-street, Manchester." In face of the correspondence the Council decided to instruct the Clerk to again write to the London and North Western llsilway Company. Mr Gleams And if they refuse to do anything ? The Chairman : Well, write to them again. (Laugh- ter.)

===== 0002601_19010719_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS

The usual fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. There were present :—Messrs J Stokes (chairman), A R Norman (vice-chairman), T Reynolds, T Lea, T Wood, J Douglas, Dr Gastaldi (Runcorn Guardians), the Rural district councillors, with Mr W E H :ugh (acting-clerk), and Mr Joseph Cunnah (master). THE MASTER AND MATRON'S SALARY.

_ The House Committee reported considering the ques- tion of increasing the salary of the Master and Matron, and decided that the salary of the Master be £lOO and that of the Matron £6O. This is virtually an increase of £l2. Some discussion ensued, but it was decided to confirm the actiozi of the House Committee.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER BUSINESS.

Mr J Moseley William _s was unanimously elected chairman of the House Committee in place of Admiral Jones Parry resigned. Out relief was granted as follows: —Runcorn, £B5 ; Frodsham, £24 ; Budworth, £26.

CRAW FOR D gS

CREDI CRACKERS, CRISPAND CREAMY.

MEM

===== 0002601_19010719_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF DR. McKENZIE, RUNCORN.

Dr McKenzie, of Runcorn, succumbed after a long and palatial illness, on Wednesday morning, at his residence, Belvedere, Runcorn. In his early days Dr McKenzie was a student at Aberdeen and Glasgow, and eventually took licence as a surgeon of the university of Glasgow. About 20 years ago he east came to Runcorn as an assistant of Dr Robinson, but a few years later left for the South of England were he practised for some few years: He returned to Runcorn -about ten years later; and opened a practice of his own. He always took a great interest in public affairs, and was at one time a member ot the Runcorn Urban District Council.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
BOATING FATALITY NEAR RUNCORN.

A Case of Overloading.

About 930 on Saturday evening, a sad fatality occurred on the River Weaver, at Weston Point. A party of six young men were rowing along the canal from Rock S3.vage to Weston Point. When near Orme'S Crane the boat upset and one of them, Samuel Rawlins was drowned. The occupants of the boat were: Ernest Moorfield, 44, Irwell-lane. Runcorn; Alfred Rowlands, Rock Savage; William Talbott, Weston:Point ; William Henry Dutton, 15 Stone-street, Weston Point; Thomas William Hulse, Wcston Point. and Samuel Rawlins,aged 22,_0f Mersey-road, Widnes. . .

_ On M,oclay evening, Coroner R Dobson held an in-, quest, at the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point, whither the body had been removed- Mr Louis Rosenberg, repre- senting the River Weaver Trustees; Messrs J B Chad- wick and G Summerfield, the Salt Union, Limited - Mr T A Annett, the mother of the deceased, and the managers of Holy Trinity School, were also present. Ernest Moorfield, 44,1rwe11-lane,a member of Runcorn Boating Club, said he took a boat from the boat-house at Sutton, and was accompanied by Alfred Rowlands of Rocksavage, and by the deceased. They afterwards took in three young men from the bank of the canal, which was against the rule of the club. The boat was I only licensel to carry five persons. Mr Willismq, representing the club, said the secretary told him the boat was only licensed for four persons. . • .

Witness : Five is painted on the boat. Proceeding, he said at Weston Point they met the steamer Chanti— cleer towing the barge Mary, and these made a wave between two and three feet high, which dashed over the bows of the boat and sank it. Knowing deceased could not swim, witness seized him by the wrist and got him to the keel of the boat, which was now floating upside down. He shouted" Hold on, Sam," but deceased ap- peared to take no notice, let tgo, and fell back hate the water. Witness then seized deceased by the collar, and tried to swim aahora with him, but could not do eo,and he made for the boat again. The boat turned over, and witness and deceased went down. Witness, on rising, could only see one hand of the deceased, who sank, and did not again rise. A line was sent to witness, and he was dragged out..

By Inspector,Hicks : He:believedltbe steamer;whistled. No one, as far as he knew, hailed the steamer to slew down. The steamer was going at a good speed. He did not think the boat overturned through having too many in. It would have been possible for one in the boat to have hailed the steamer and him not heard it,as he was watching the bank. Inspector Hicks : Did the steamer and barge stop to , assist you at all ?—No, sir. Inspector Hicks ; Complaints have been made that these steamers put on steam when passing these skiffs. and when they are overturned and the people left struggling in the water. :simply laugh at them How far had the steamer passed when the accident &courted ? —About ten yards. And therefore the crew could have seen the accident ? —lf they had seen it they would have come to us. The steamer and barge belonged to the Salt Union and you are employed by the same firm?—Yes. Mr L Rosenberg, representing the Weaver Navigation Trustees, said the Runcorn Boating Club only paid a small acknowledgment for the use of the water, and un- dertook not to interfere with the trade in any way. Alfred Rowlands also gave evidence, and described the steamer as going from six to seven mdes an hour. It was usual for steamers to travel fast on a Saturday night in order to reach the locks before they were closed. . . . . . .

Ephraim Palk', captain of the Chanticleer. elected to give evidenc and was warned. He stated that when be saw the skiff deeply loaded with passengers, and on tha wrong sicl,3 of the canal, he eased off steam. He did not turn on steam agaia until he Saw the skiff clear of the barge Mary. He bad never seen a skiff so deeply laden be:ore. The Chanticleer was not going more than three miles an hnur. There were no bye-laws as to skiffs on the canal.

- The jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned," and commended Moorfield and Rowlands for their conduct

Funeral of the Victim.

On Wednesday afternoon the victim of the boating fatality was laid to rest at Farnworth. The deceased was born in Widnes in March 1879, and was educated at West Bank School, under the tutelage of Mr Snockly, the present master. He was one of the cleverest lads in his standard. and his master was safe in pre 'dating that he had a distinguished career before him After gaining many local successes, all tending to the calling to which he purposed to dedicate him- self, he eventually secured a scholarship which entitled him to pursue his studies at Owens College, Manchester. While there his course was marked with success, and he gained the warm approbation of the principal and his tutors At the close of his College term he gained an appointment as assistant master at Holy Trinity Day Schools, Runcorn. While engaged there he won the esteem of all by his court- eous behaviour and aff ible manner, and none more regret his early demise th in his Runcorn friends, with whom he came in touch daily. At Widnes he held an important place in the social and religious life of the town. He was the founder of the" Borough Minstrel Troape," and was an athlete, too, of no mean quality, and no one was more enthusiastic In support of the national winter pa-tince. As a Sunday school teacher he was loved ty his class. At 230 Ithe procession moved to Hartle td-street Wesleyan Chapel, where the Rev H Barraclough aonduated a most impressive funeral service. The deceased's favourite hymns were sung. Including" Jesu. lover of my soul." The service ever,the cortege moved on to the'Farnworth Cemetery, There were present; Rev H Barraclourrh, Councillor T Smith, and Mr J B asnett, members of the Sunday school ; members of the Ru^cond Boating Club ; West Bank F C and friends The chief mourners were :—Mrs Rawlins (mother)* Miss Lizzie Rawlins and Miss Nellie Rawlins (sisters), Misse, Annie Newman, Lily Newman, aOl Esther Newman, Liver- pool (nieces), Mr Clarkson (Manchester), Mr B Moorfield (Runcorn). Misses Louisa Moorfield and Annie Moorfield. Representing the Holy Trinity Day School.Runoorn.were : Mr T N Annett (headmaster), with the assistants, Messrs Cox and Pickston, and the Misses Rummer, Annett, B Annett Groome, and between 50 and 60 pupils attending the school. There were also present : —Messrs G Varndell, S Gough, A Tauten, Hall- W Game', H Davenport, 3 Baynham, T Tifoot (representing West Bank F O) ; Messrs J Harper. E Johnson. A Turton and the Misses Roberts. Benbow, S Moore, Perry. Taylor (Hartland-street choir) ; Messrs J Basnett, J 8 Wither (the Sunday school) ; Messrs H G Johnson, T Coop and W Harvey (the Rnneond Boating Club); Mr Peacock (the Widnes School Board) ; the Rev R B Corlett. Messrs 3 Seddon, H S Snoddy. W Jones, and Bride. The bearers were :—Messrs J Hartland. 13 Hartland, B Hartland, J Stocker, J Harper, I Odgers, and J Basnett (superintendent of Hartland-street Sunday school). Wreaths were sent by the Jones family; the Runcorn Boating Club Messrs I Bowers Alfred Talbot (Weston Point), T Hulse, and B Moorfield. An exquisite wreath was also sent from the Borough Minstrel Troupe, two beautiful everlasting wreaths were sent by the teachers of the Hartlard-street Sunday school and the west Bank Football Club.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

"EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WRRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. t 489.

THE Runcorn Examine-, published Friday morn lug. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and offers the beet and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn ing• Widnes contains the largest number of Chemica Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. TH.E Warrington and Hi -Cheshire Examiner. pub fished every Saturday morning. THE Earkstown and Newton Examino, published every Friday afternoon. THE St, Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undormentioned Adver. tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINE Ed. 1.8 WORDS 6D., WANTRDS, TO BB LETS ON SALES, And 3d for each succeeding 9 word The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only, No advera tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED

APARTRIENTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST , ARTICLES FOUND

MOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS W tNTS MISCELLANEOrg SAL FS

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. BEWSHY-STHRBT, WASHINGTON.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING,

• PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING,

IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

-Tyr

t).... (4';

===== 0002601_19010719_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
SUMIIER MONTHS

If you find that yaw system is unable to bear the oppressive heat, and you are almost unable to follow your vocation, immediately strengthen your constitu- tion by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. This preparation makes the weak strong, and gives .new heart and "go " to the weary toiler. It revives the spirits and strengthens the nerves, and by giving tone to the whole constitution, wards eft fevers, and many other ailments prevalent at this time of the year. No family should be without a bottle in the houss. An occasional dose, taken when feeling slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is The Best Remedy of The Age for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness, Influenza, and Chest Affections. It is often asked, " How is it that one single medicine like Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters is capable of curing so many different di3eases ?'' The reply,however,is simple enough. lost diseases have a common source, either in a deranged stomach and its connections, or in weak and impure blood. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, by striking at the root of the evil, by strengthening the stomach and purifying the blood, places these impor- tant life srurces in proper working order, and the disease, under whatever form it may have shown itself, disappears. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold by ab chemists and stores, in bottles 23. 9i. and 43.63.eacti. Refuse to takesubstirures. OUR FOOD.

Constant overworking of the stomach must produce -i-dise4se of that organ. More nutriment is furnished to ; the, body by a small quantity of food well digested than '4tv a large quantity half digested. The only trustmor thy and permanent remedy is Gwilym Evans' Quinine 0 Bitters, which, acting upon the digestive organs, strengthens them and stimulates them to healthy action and gives tone to the whole stomach, imparting, new life, hope, strength, and happiness. Overwork ought to be overpaid. Nature insists upon payment of her dues. Intense devotion to business gives the digestive organs only a bare chance to perform their work. He who T comes in a burry from active, work, rapidly swallows his food and hurries cut again, is piling up a debt which „Nature makes him pay in a painful dyspeptic experience. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will help you to pay, • and sooner you take it the better. Delicate patients • often complain that they are unable to take quinine, as it produces headaches, but it has been established beyond doubt that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has overcome this difficulty, containing, as it does other medicinal herbs of great therapeutic value,such as sarsa- parilla. saffron, dandelion, gentian. ani4 lavender, scien- tifically prepared in happy proportions. Gwilym Evans' quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 91 and 4s. 61. each, by all chemists and stores. Be ware of imitations. The name " Gwilym Evans" must be found on the . label, stamp, and lopttle, to insure its being genuine. When you find the name, then you are sure there is no mistae. The Sole Proprietors are The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Cmipany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

STRANGE AFFAIR AT A RPLEY-ALLEGED ASSAULT AND

ROBBERY.

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before Mr F. Monks and other magistrates, Thomas Garrity, labourer, 7 Spading-street, was charged with assaulting James Buckley Mellor, near the Arpley Cricket Ground, on Saturday night, and with stealing from him 2Ad in money.—Superintendent Monaghan said the complain- ant had been watching some fishing in the thre 0- cornered pit, and was returning home alone by the cricket ground. When at the bend of the road near the river, prisoner came up to him and said, "Give me some money." Complainant said he had none. PriAoner took hold of him by the coat, " topped" him twice with his head in the mouth, and knocked him down and knelt upon his chest. Complainant called out for assistance. Prisoner put his hand in complain- ant's pocket while he was on the ground,and afterwards made off across the fields. Complainant, who was in a most exhausted conditicn and covered with dust, went in search of a policeman. A lady and gentlemen came up to him, and brushed his clothes He afterwards met two men, and pointed the prisoner out to them. They watched him until a policeman arrived, and arrested him. When charged at the Police Station, be replied : "1 don't remember whether I did it or not." He (Superintendent Monaghan) asked for a remand until Wednesday, for the production of the two men whom complainant met after being assaulted.—This was granted. Garrity was again brought before the Court on Wednesday when the Chief Constable explained that Messrs Browne and Crompton had been instructed to defend prisoner and be (the Chief Constable) was informed that neither member of the firm could attend owing to prior engagements. They had asked for a further adjournment until Saturday. and he (Mr Talbot) did not object to that course being taken. The magistrates agreed and prisoner was accordingly remanded until to-day.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

FalDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Councillors John Hobert' and Smethurst, Messrs John Fair°lough, Hepherd, Colonel Ridgway and C. White. DaSERTERS.—Frank Maltinder and Harry Buzzard were charged with deser.ing from the Bryal Field Artillery. stationed at Sheffield, on the 6th inst,—P C. Dennett stated that he noticed the prisoners were wearing milinry boots and accused them of being deserters. They immediately admitted that they were.—nisor.ers were remanded to await an escort, and the officer was recommended for the usual reward. UNLABEILED MaBGARtaE.—On the evidence of Inspector Forman. Arthur J nes, 2. Ph. lip-street, was fined he and costs for exposing margarine for sale which was not labelled. Molnar —Befo-e Mr F Monks (in the chair) Councillor Smethurst, Messrs Birchall, Hayward. Wright. and Thorn- ton.

lA:t7AGE ASSAULT ON POLICEMEN-SCENE IN BUTTER- ArAEKEr-sraEET.—Slchard Clancy and Joseph Clancy, iron- workers residing at 19 Havdock-street. were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street at 10.40 on Saturday night and with assaulting P.C.'s Gilchrist and Wise. Richard was further charged with assaulting P.S. Sen.—P.C. Gilchrist stated that at the time mentioned be was on duty in Buttermarket-street in company with P.O. Wise. He noticed the prisoners fighting and went to separate them. Immediately he saw him Richard erclaimed " It's a bobby let's give it him." Both the prisoners set upon him and kicked him selreral times. P C Klee came to his assistance and the ill"' prisoners got on the ground and fought and kicked violently. '/0•4:- Witness received a black eye.- P C Wise corroborated, and *teed that the prisoner indicted several kicks upon him.— I P 8 Bell said heisaw a large crowd assembled in Buttermarket- ' 4 street, and on going to ascertain the cause found P C Wise 'Struggling on the ground with the first prisoner. Witness ,olitssisted him to get up and helped to take the prisoner to the $ Police Station. Prisoner was very violent and kicked right and left. Both he and P C Wise were kicked a number of times. One of the largest cr,wds witness ever saw on such an occasion followed them to the Police Station.- James Cliffe, Buttermarket-street, stated that the officers were brutally kicked.—Prisoners were sent to gaol for two months with hard labour.

MOT elioac Sr. PAUL'S CRICKET Pavudost.—Two boys named Josiah Clay, 23, Wakefield-street, and William Spencer, 4C., Nicholson-street, were charged with stealing two bats value 30s from St Paul's Cricket Club Pavilion between 8 and 9 p.m. on Thursday the 4th Mot —They pleaded guilty.—Superintendent Monaghan stated that at 8 o'clock on the Thursday evening in question the Pavilion was left secure. The following day it was discovered that an entrance bad been effected by breaking the window and two bats were missing. The matter was reported to the police and Mr Bird. the captain of the club made enquiries As the result of some information which he received Mr Bird visited the house of the first prisoner and asked him if he had a bat to sell. The boy said he had and produced one of the missing bats. On being further questioned prisoner ad- mitted that he had stolen the bat from the Pavilion and stated that Spencer had another. The same night both the bats were sent to Mr Bird. The first prisoner ultimately stated that be got through the window and handed the bats to Spencer—Ths prisoners were senteaced to three days ' imprisonment in the cells. THE CONSTABLE or THE BICYCLE.— Eight youths Lamed Patrick Hart, 124, Bostock-street, Thomas Hum- phries, 4, Priestley-street, Thomas Dilworth, 17, Bostock- street, George Melia, 38, Hostock-street, Ephraim Pea- cocke, 46, Bostock-street. James Houghton. 72 Bostock-- street. James Palfriman, 25 Elizabeth-street and John Daniels, 9 Ernest-street, were summoned for playing at 'banker" at the rear of Bostock-street on Saturday the 6th inst.—Prom the evidence it appeared that defendants busily engaged in gambling near Bostock-street Mission,when P.C. Clough quietly rode up on a bicycle and succeeded in getting quite near to them without attracting attention. He caught one of the defendants who gave him the names of the others and also obtained a pack of cards and is 5d in money which had beets used in the gaming. Defendants were each fried 5s and costa (11s In all.) Bervmee —Naomi Clay a little girl, living at 23 Wake- field-street was fined 23 6d for throwing stoma in Guardian- street onJuly 6th,—Edward Hilditeh was tined 5s for making use of obscene language in Winwick-ro .d on Ju y 7th. TCESIDA7.—Bef ore Aldermen Sutton (in the chair) and Shaw Green, Dr Fox and Mr. Mitchell. AN INVEILRATFC THILF SENT TO PRISON.—NIizt Williams was charged with stealing a letter containing a postal order value As 3d a tobacco dealer's licence and a stamped envelope the property of her brother-in-law James Williams from the house of her husband, 6, Back Stamford-street, on July sth. —The Chief Constable stated that the prosectltor was a travel- ling showman, and on Thursday, July 4th, was at Farnworth. He posted a letter addressed to his mother-in-law at Warrington. and it contained a postal order for 6e dcl, an expired t,bacco licence. and a stamped addressed envelope. The prisoner lived with his mother-in-law and she receir ed the letter opened it and took out the contenta. She cashed the order at the branch Post Office it. Winwick-road.—Prisoner made her 20th appearance, and was one of the most persistent women drunkards and inveterate thieve in the town.—She was now sect to gaol for two months with hard labour. Tnerr OF POTATOIS.—Feter Wordworth. 13, Albert-street, was charged with stealing 20lb Of potatoes valued at is 3d the property ot Baxter Ben., ett, Clapgate Farm. Bewsey.—The Chief Constable said that P C Heddington was on duty near Lodge-lane bridge,shortly after madnieht,and met Wortiwot th who was carrying two handkerchiefs filled with potatoes. He questioned him and he said a publican had given them to him. Asked for his name he said he had none. He was brought to the Police Station—Wordworth said he was drunk ad the time he took the potatoes.—Mr Bennett said be was

were

considerably troubled by thefts of this character, and hoped the magistrates would make an example of the man. The damage done to the crops at this time of the year was very considerable.—Prisoner was fined 20s and costs (21 Be) wit the option of 14 dav s' imprisonment. DRONE IN THE Plitx,—Flubert Glynne was sent to gaol for 14 days for having been drunk and disorderly in Bank Park on Monday night. DRUNE IN COURT.—Mary McLoughlin, Back Stamford- street, was fined 10s and costs for using obscene language on July 9 th.—The Chief Constable said the woman appeared to answer the charge the previous day in a drunken condition and was remanded.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

-- MONDAY—Before Messrs F J Norman and W Timmins. HUSBAND AND WlFE.—Kate Rthel Wood was granted a separation order, and 7s a week maintenance, from her hus- band Thomas Wood.—lt appeared the parties resided at 33, Portland-street. the residence of Mrs Wood's mother, and 'had seen married two years. There were two children of the marriage, both boys. 15 and 5 months old respectively. Defendant was inclined to be lazy, and lost many " quarters" which was a source of friction between himself, hi' wife and mother-in-law. He had frequently threatened to put a hole through his wife; and also to put himself out of her reach, and that he would " lot in jail" be ore be would contribute to her.—The case had been twice fbefore the court, end on this occasion the defendant did not appear. OTHER BUSINESS—James Rose, and Christopher Lewis, youths, of Runcorn. were fined lOs for playing pitch and toss in Pig-lane.—J W Palm, Bdward Dutton, and Percy Royle. boys of Princess-street were fined is 6d for playing football in Cross-street, on the 4th July at 9.30 p.m.—James Whitby, 23. Stanley-street, was fined 4s 6d for allowing his chimney to be on fire.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
A DETERMINED ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE. Warrington Compositor Hacks Himself with a Razor.

David William Jones, a compositor, lodging at 14, Nichol- son-street, appeared before the Warrington magistrates on Tuesday, to answer to the charge of attempting to commit suicide on July sth.—Mr. T S Steel represented the defend- ant The Chief Constable stated that the defendant lodged at the house of Mrs Jones, 14, Nicholson-street, and appeared to have been a very respectable and well conducted young man. On July 4th he left work a little earlier than usual and complained to a fellow lidger:of pains in the head. He went to bed apparently in his usual health with the exception of the pains in his head and everything went well until the small hours of Friday morning when the fellow lodger awoke and missed Jows from the bedroom which they shared. For some time he did not think there was anything unusual in this, as the defendant was in the habit of getting up some- times and going for a walk before. he went to his employ- ment. About six o'clock however, he became anxious and went downstairs. Not finding Jones in the house he went outside and found him in the outhouse in a terrible plight. He was in a sitting position, surrounded by a pool of blood, and had two razors in his possession. There were two ghastly wounds in his throat, one being five inches long, and another wound had been inflicted under the nipple of the breast. There were other minor wounds and the man seemed to have been hacking at himself like a maniac. Dr Joseph was called and subsequently Jones was removed to the Infirmary where he had remained until that morning. He (Mr Talbot) understood from Mr Steel, that acting on medical advice, the defendant's relatives had declined the heavy respon- sibility of taking charge of him. Dr Joseph would tell the Bench that at the time the man committed the rash and deplorable act he was certainly not in his right mind nor was he for some considerable time after. He (ffr Talbot) suggested that the best course would be to withdraw the charge of attempting to commit suicide and charge the defendant with being a person of unsound mind not under proper control. An order could then be made for his detention in the Workhouse for a fortnight and his mental condition would be observed. Idr Steel stated that he had been instructed to appear by the minister and deacons of the Welsh Church where the defendant was a worshipper. He quite agreed with the suggestion of the Chief Constable. Dr Joseph was called and intormed the Court that when he saw ljl,the defendant' on July sth, after he had inflicted the wounds be was maniacal and had to be held down whilst the wounds were dressed. He had attended the man previously and he appeared to be melancholy then. The pains in the head might have something to do with his state of mind.—ln answer to Mr Steel the doctor said he was aware that Jones was in the same compartment as the boy who fell out of the train on the way from Southport to Warrington on Walking Day. The excitement might have affected his mind. Witness was of the opinion that it would be a very serious responsibility for the relatives to undertake to look after him. Mr Pugh Griffiths, solicitor of Carnarvoid, represented the relatives and agreed to the arrangement. Defendant was accordingly sent to the Workhouse Hospital for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ORICKEI.

C±BORGB G. BUSSBY & Co's., famed manufacturers VT Incomparable " Demon Driver" Bats. Every requi- site for Cricket. Unequalled Tennis Rackets. Every requi- site for Lawn Tennis. Best value Croquet. Modest or Superb. High Grade Golf Clubs. Every requisite for Golf. Ask local Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue. If not pro- curable, apply to 36 and 38,QUEEN VICTORIA STREET,LOIIdOO. 1 Factories—Peckham, London; and Elmswell Suffolk. (No. I 12 )

Secre:aries of Cricket Clubs are reque.ted to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must reach the Head Office, liewsey-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

WARRINGTON V. NORTHERN. —This match was played at Arpley on Saturday, and resulted In a draw sli.4fatly in favour of the home team. Score : NORTHERN. W A RRIS4 GTON. Rev 3 Burrough retired J Callon b Shutt 67 hurt 8 B Silcock b Shutt 5 P J Verdon b W Silcock ... 7 Thewlis c Shutt b Thomp- -3 W T Lashmar c Podmore Eon . 1 b Gibson 1 3 Gibbon c Bouche: b Shutt b W Slicock it K Fernie a Callon b W W Podmore not out 29 tilloock G Holt c Pod:note b W b Shutt 0 Silcock W F Stacey b W Sileock 53 F W Boucher a Gibson b .. _ _ .

W Silcock l4 W Atirsy b W Silcock l7 F G Thompson not ont 1 W Ellsworth b Gibson l6 Extras 8 Extras 6

Total '199 Total (for 5 wkts) 159 BOWLING ANALYSIS.

NORTHERN- -

WARRINGTON.

M. li._ W.

0 M. B. W. Wll Sitcock ... 17 2 86 7 Shutt B Gibson l5 3 42 2 F G Thompson 12 4 41 1 W k'odmore Thewlls 7 Ellsworth ... 3 1 6 0

WARRINGTOV V NORTHERN (SECOND ELEVENS.)—PIayed at Waterloo on Saturday and ended in a draw. Score : NORTHERN. WARRINGTON. Rey H 13 Elwell b D C R Adamson c McGinty Plinston 3l b Bentley Rev H Clayton 0&b 14 R Plerpolnt b Durandu.l 1 Pierpoint B S Pilling b Adameon 37 Bentley Schofield b/3 Plineton 8 C J Stone a McGinty b C H Bentley b Allen 4O Duraudu 9 G Poggi b Crompton ll R Brown et Elwell b G Durendu not out P McGinty c Brown b L Fairclough b Bentley 0 Crompton 24 D Plineton not 0ut.... ..... 30 G Altai c Bentley b .. _ .

_ _ Pilling ll J Roddy b Piling B. Hayes not out .... ...... Extras 2l Extras

*rotal (for 7 wkts)236 *lnnings declared closed.

Total (for 9 wktB) 87

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HOUGH GREEN :—This engage- ment took place on the Wire Mills ground, the home team gaining an easy victory. Score : I WIRE MILLS. HOUGH GREEN. Woodcock 0 T F Lewis b FIP Lewis c Snb b Burton 6 Smith 65 Smith b Burton... Burton b Cole 0 Wright b Burton 0 Evans b Cole 2 Calland run out Clarke b Cole Gough b Cole Cook b Cole Ford not out . 26 Cole run out 2 Hawthorn b Smith 6 Baldwin b Evans 1 Williams not out nb Smith Monks 3 Crinekar not out i k xtras 5 Extras 6

Total lO7 Innings declared.

Tani ..

MOIRE V. SUMER WIRE MILLS 2.Tin.--Playid at Moore on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team by eight runs. Score :—.. MOORE. SANKEY WIRE MILLS J Antrobus c Loy b Hewitt run out 1 Bloomfi,ld 0 Pritchard bJ Antrobus... 01 Banner run out ...... .....- 2 Foden run out 2 ! Foster c Clegg b Bloomfield 2 Loy b J Antrobus 2l ! if Taylor b Bloomfield l4 Bloomfield b S Taylor 2 Knight b Hewitt 1 Williams c H Antrobus b H Antrobus b Hewitt S Taylor 0 Loy b Bloom- Morrall I. Taylor field 1 Clegg b Taylor Berry not out, W Antrobus b Hewitt Roylanee c Bloomfield b Antrobus 7 Pritchard 1 Smith b Pritchard 0 2 I Extras

Total CHESHIRE LINES UN GINEERS V ARLEY PARK.— Played a Arley. Score : KNOINEv.Re. ARLEY. John Tdonks a Tindall b H Laidman b Duckworth 5 Smith 6 J. Smith 13 Duckworth 9 Joseph Genders c Love b H Jackson b Duckworth 4 Smith l4 B Tickle b Duckworth ... 4 PR Lawless run nut lO Dr Love b John Monks... 26 J Duckworth c and b Smith 6 R Lever b John Monks ... 3 James Monks b Smith W H Bell run out B Jordan bDr Love 1 Greswell, P Gorman. _ _ .

IS wie.nic-s-c-L-e-v-e-b-Smith 3 did not bat. --- -- S Jenks c Tickle b Smith 3 4 Crozier b Smith li Jones not out Extras l4 Extras 6

Total 7B

Total for 7 wkte... 62

PALATINE (FLETCHER RussaLL'a) v FAIRFIELD.—PIsyed at Manchester-road on Saturday. Bcore

- ------- • PALATINE. Burly b Brown Ball b Dargin N leld b Darien... ........... .... 2 Brown C Whittle b Brand- Steel b Berry Haigh b Dargin Brandreth o Bandit 13 Berry 9 Ryan b Brandreth ...... Whittle not out A 'Veld b Berry Woods b Berry 2 Dargin not out l4 Young run out 3 Robinson b Brandreth ... 1 Besenblgh b Dargin reth Knight o Steel b Brand- _

AIRFIELD.

reth 3 &dm 9 Extras lB

Total 44

_ Total lOl

WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S MISSION (2ND BLEVEN) V ALBERT-ROAD W ESILEYANS. WIDNES.-011 katurday. at Widnes. Score : WORKINGMEN'S MISSION. ALBERT-ROAD WESLEYANs. Morris sun out 5 Day a Morris b Bibby 0 Webb b Burgess Warren b Hollins Woolley a Ferris b Burgess 0 Hollins a and b Bibby Baker b Hollins .. ..... ........ 0 Burgess run out Bibby run out 0 Haney b Wright 4 Wright lbw b Burgess Rigby b Burgess 0 Bennett b Bibby. Ashcroft a Heleby b Hollins 1 Jackson b Webb Bewail b Hollins 0 Helsby not out 0 Littlefare not out lixtras 2 Extras 6

Total 24 Total HAMLVISTOWN V. Sr. HELENS RECS.—Played at St Helens on Saturday resulting in a draw in favour of Barlestown. Miller made a fine scare of 112 not out. Score :

EARLESTOWN. ST. HELENS RECS. T Marsh St Grey b Charles- J Crawley a Sandford b worth G Husband a Parr b Charleswortb e Davies b Cbarleswortb lO Hatton ...... ............. .. 16 Miller not out ll2 0 Grey b Sandford l3 W H Crowther b !Markle... 25 T Alive not nut J Burrell o Grey b Starkie 4 W Sbsw a Davies b Sand- OW Emmett run out 2 ford 2 W Jenklnson b Starkie 1 11 Harper c Husband b H Davies b Harper 5 Jenkinson J Hatton lbw bdo 4 J Addison b Jenkinson... 2 I Saunders not out . 2 W sitarkie not out H Sandford to bat J Downs. P Parr, W Gray did not bat Extras

_ Total for 8 wicketslB3 ' Total B9 EARL xsmowx 215 D v ST. HELENS RECS 2:lo.—Played at Earlestown on Saturday. Score : EARLESTOWN 2ND, ST. HELENS SECS 2ND. 3 Harsh c Pye b Walker... 24 P Marsha Leigh b Marsh 21 J Vernon 43 Proudfoot b H Burrell c Davies b Marsh 5 MOrse J F Reade a and b Moore... 7 G Mlore c Limond b 3 E Rees b Walker W Morse 0 Robinson b Pye 16 J E Walker b Marsh 4 G Leigh 1:, Moore l3 A Robinson run out F Valentine c Robinson b D Ainge b Morse 3 Walker T A Limond b Proudfeot 3B Morse 0 A Tarbuck b Pye 0 3 Fairclough h Marsh 0 A Davies not out 4 F Eaves run out ... ....... .. 8 G Greenall run out 3 P Pye not out F Flaherty b Marsh Extras 9 Extras 3

—Played al. Rainhilt on Saturday. Total Total 42 NEWTON V RAINHILL. Score : _ _

............ . NEWTON. RI/NI/ILL. 8 Henderson c Owen b W Holland b Finish 0 Longtou 34 T Tomlinson c and b H Rylance b Filliston 0 Rylance R Carbon b Longton 36 Filliston c Hindley. b F C Huith std Hewitt b Huish ......•.... ............ 0 Filliston 2B W H Chamberlain b H Barr b Filliston T Williams a Bryan b W H Longton b Bylance 0 Fillietou 4 W L Hewitt lbw b Rylance 10 T Dudgeon le Fiiliston WHHiHndiniedvleyb bLoFnlgiltoisato 4 "L n 7 J Holden c Hindley, b 6 C W t W Herring not out C Perry b Filliston 33 Bryant b Huish 1 J Jessop not out Extra. ............ . 3 Extras l2

Total ............ 129

Total 118

CADEURY'S COCOA has a world-wide reputation as a Ii °ions, strengthening beverage. Itud a valuable nutritive food the says it represents " the standard of highest purity." Always insist on having CADRURVEI—soId only in t" packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted fo he sake of eztrt profit.--Advt. (2)

===== 0002601_19010719_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER, FRIn AV, JULY 19 1901.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON 2ND V RAINHILL 2ND.—At newton on Saturday last. Score

SAINHILL. NEWTON. A Wilson e Hindley b J Pondry b Hall 7 Harrison 5 F Harrison e Johnson h" li Hall b Cooke 23 Hall C. G P Else c Naylor b Harrison 0 A Harrison c Hall b I H L Duncan b Cooke 25 Coppull F Lowe b Tomlinson T Johnson b Tomlinson 0 B'se . 2 W Coppull b Tomlinson-- 4 73 Tomlinson b Hall Irr Crompton not out J Welsby b loinlinson ...... 1 T Wilkinson run out 1 E Hughes c Wilkinson b Hlt Hindley not out 6 Tomlinson T Plant b Cooke 0 Porter b Hall 0 A Harrison b Coppull 0 Extras ll

Extras 4

Total 116

Total 133

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS 2ND V. ICARLESTOWN WESLEYANEI.— Played on the Newton ground on Monday evening. Score : NEWTON. WESLEYANS. W Duigeon c F Clare b T Marsh b ilylance ll Robinson W Herring b Clare 27 James Sudworth b Cooke 1 E Tomlinson b F Clare 6 D H Robinson c Rylance II Rylance a Robinson b b Cooke 0 Marsh ll R A Robinson not out... 9 T Cooke run out . E3 T Higgins b Conke... ...... 6 C F Porter a and b F Clare did not bat 0 Robinson 3 B Glover. T Clare F Parr H Pearson a dworth b D Stokes did not bat Marsh.. D Barr not out 1 It Banks. T Briggs, H Hindley did no:, bat Extras

Extras

Total for 7 wickets

===== 0002601_19010719_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
BILE BEANS AGAIN TRIUMPH. A Wigan Woman Cured. Constipation, Kidney Disease, and Indigestion Ended.

The experience of Mrs R Ziegler, of 2, Withnall-street, Wigan, wbom Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness have cured of palpitation. indigestion, constipation, and liver and kidney troubles after five years of inde- scribable agony should afford an excellent guide to health for other sufferers. '• My illness" said she to a " Wigan Examiner " reporter "lasted upwards of five y ears, and in my debilitated state I used to have a feeling that life was scarcely worth living. For days together I was afraid to eat anything, as directly after- wards I was sei zxl with most horrible pains and other distressing symptoms of indigestion and biliousness. The least effort brought on shortness of breath, and I left me for some time as weak as a baby. Palpitation also alarmed me considerably. I had pains in my back and side due to liver and kidney disorder. My appetite seemed to leave me completely ; and what light food I did take used to remain an undi-

gested load on my stomach. Jed down with a dull, tired fee,ing, a splitting headache, and chronic constipation. I had medical advice and medi- cine on many occasions, but with no good result, as in a day or two I became worse than ever. When I was in the depths of despair I saw in the paper the wonder- ful way in which Chas Forde's Bile Beans had cured a cise just like my own. I corn nenced a course forthwith and a few boxes have made me fool like a new woman. The pain in the head and back very soon went, and I found my appetite gradually returning. There was no more of that depressing uncomfortable feeling after meals. At nights I slept very much better. and when I did rise in the morning I felt refreshed and equal to the day's tasks. My inprease in strength was very soon marked and the palpitation has gone entirely. In numerous ways I feel better in health than I have done for years, and this I owe entirely to Charles Forde's Bile Beans. I can conscientiously recommend theni to other sufferers." Charles Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness are un- equalled for palpitation, indigestion summer fag, bitiouscess, buzzing and pains in the bead, pains in the chest, back and side, fulness after eating, dizziness, sleeplessness, piles, constipation, liver and kidney dis- orders, nervous and general debility, female ailments, pimples, face sores and blood impurities generally. All chemlsts stock Bile Beans; or a box may be obtained for is 1i or 2s 9d direct from the Bile Bean Manufact- uring Co., 119. and 120, London Wall, London, E.C.

e. - •• -.., / i____:: 4 i ."' .Tv-1011.1 yi, , 4 ' •.: 4., . i• To son west • /LIS% 1 A ror .. • • OM 10KAIONIA: ' Then I was weigh(

===== 0002601_19010719_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMON SENSE IN EXERCISE.

-- Probably no sane person would deny the value of exercise. Practically every one believes that exercise is essential to health. But few people get one-quarter of the exercise that they could. For that reason it is important to consider under what conditions exercise is least tiring, ar.d. therefore, under what conditions a great deal of exercise can be got through without ex- haustion. Health is, of course, all-important, and the state of health generally depends on the diet. To attempt any general rules of diet is futile ; what suits one man may be quite unfit for another. Sleep. again, is very important. After a sleepless night people soon eet tired. Occasional sleepless nights may be to some extent inevitable, but they are less fatal to endurance if the air of the sleeping room be fresh.

DON'T FEAR THE COLD.

- - a butan encouraged this atgr audt ht al warm sadly Gymnasia are often kept at a stupidly high Exercise in the cold, dry air is far less exhausting Peoplenthe w a should u al di r themselves, not by artificial means, but by movement. The air should be cool and fresh. tt ignored.ehma np ee rx a e tr:i se . e THE crcttsfs EXPERIENCE. Of mute°• exercise done correctly is far less tiring than exercise done incorrectly. Notice how any one who is learning to cycle will expend three times the amount of energy that the experienced cyclist does. All the different movements have to be done correctly, and they have to be combined correctly. It is this co-ordination, this division of labour, this economical way of working the muscles and nerves, that makes expert exercise far less exhausting than in- expert. The more the correct movements become easy and automatic. the less nerve force is needed. And. besides, these automatic foundation move- ments, if the expression may be used, relieve the mind from drudger?. As soon as they become natural and free from mental effort, the mind can give itself over to enjoying tbe exercise,whatever its form may be. fie who can bicycle without any thought about his balance, etc., can enjoy the scenery. From the heart we may learn a great lesson. The work it does is almost incalculable, and yet we do not I feel fatigue in the heart. Its actioa is rhythmical and regular. Rhythmical exercise is only half BEI tiring as irregular exercise. Hence music and singing may be a great help, and may finally keep away fatigue. USE ME BIG MUSCLES.

Another secret of endurance is to use the large mus- cles of the body as much as pofsible It is just as tiring to bend and straighten the little finger a thousand times as to do some huge movement, for instance, with the hips and shoulders, which may be a hundred times better exercise. I golf stroke may bring into play ever so many huge muscles, and yet be not in the least fatiguing. This is particularly so because the muscles are large and cap- able work. This ,if we consider tbe weight car'rhieois s vI carried, i,eannddhuyrtihnwegatiho kn telaal7 wof muscular exertion, must be accounted heavy work, is not tiring. Another reason why walking is such good exercise is that each Move- ment is a preparation for the next. _

_ VIRTUES OF LAWN TENNIS, ; An instance of this continuity of effort is the tennis stroke. An ordinary stroke may be made with the body facing sideways ; the hand moves from behind and above, and makes a sweep with the racquet, and then ends up with the racquet in theair and the body facing nearly forward This is just the position which we wish to have between the strokes of the games. Thus the stroke itself leads to the waiting position. Another secret of good exercise is to stop before fatigue bar+ reached a serious stage. Different exercises I require different Rules, but there are msny forms of exercise which are better done in a number of short spells rathev than in one long, persistent effort. Worry and hard work use up much nee ve force, and so leave less nerve force for exercise. But, on the other hand, exercise will free the blood from some of its im- purities, and thus counteract the effect of worry. It seems almost as if pure blood were as valuable to exer- cise as strong blood is. In conclusion, then, if you would take much exercise with ease and enjoyment, here is a summing up of the main points. Be careful and temperate in diet ; go to bed early ; breathe correctly ; use light clothing and proper E boecdo the x-rcise correctly ;especially practise the individual parts of it by themselves beforehand un— til they become easy and half automatic; play games or use some other form of competition; move rhythmi- cally; use, if possible the large muscles of the body and let each movement be a preparation for the rest; stop before serious fatigue has been reached, and in some cases, do a little briskly at intervals; last but not least, don't worry during exercise ; throw your whole beast I and soul into the pursuit,—"Science Siftings. "

WARRINGTON WATER- WORKS. Visit of Water Works Engineers. __- Description of the Works by Mr. Deas, A. M.I.C.E. Warrington was visited on Thursday last week, by the members of the British Association of Water Works engineers. The object of the visit was to in- spect the Corporation water works at Winwick and High Warren, where important extensions are now being made, The members of the Association have been holding the annual conference at Birkenhead and the visit to Warrington and N3rton tower comprised the afternoon's programme on Thursday. They journeyed by rail from Liverpool to War- rington,and were met at the Central Station by Mr Deas, Mr Mitchell and Mr Grey (of the Corporation Water works department) and several members of the Corporation. The journey to Win wick was made id waggonettes. Alderman Francomb (chair- man of the Water Committee) Alderman Monks, Councillor AJ Jolley and Councillor Baird accom- panied the visitors who evinced mach interest in I the construction of a new reservoir to have a capacity of 4 million gallons, antin the new engine house to supply an entirely; new ser- vice fur the higher parts of the district, de- livering into a new nigh-level circular service reservoir at High Warren, with a capacity of 14 million gallons. After partaking of light refresh- ments, provided by Mr James Deas, engineer to the Warrington Corporation, the party drove on to High Warren, where an inspection was made of the new reservoir in course of construction, and thence through beautiful Cheshire scenery to the Norton Tower, which, forms part of the Yyrnwy supply of the Liverpool Corporation. From Norton the party travelled by train via Chester back to Birkenhead. The catering at Workington was in the capable hence of Mr. Powys. The following description of the Warrington Water Works, from the pen of Mr Deas A.M.I.C.E , was supplied to the visitors:— In 1846 a Company obtained powers from Parliament .and the Appleton Reservoir in Cheshire was constructed in 1847; the engineer being J F Bat"iman ; the drainage area was 540 acres and the reservoir together with two residum- lodges had a capacity of 50 million gallons ; two filter beds with an aggregate sand area of 1,30 Q square yards and a clear scoter tank holding 350,000 gallons from which the main to the town starts. The level of top water in the storage reservoir wee 13361 feet above ordnance datum. The level of top water in the clear water tank is 114 95 feet above ordnance datum. In 1858 upon the advice of J F Bate- man, the level of Appleton Reservoir was raised three feet giving a capacity of 60 million gallons, and a water area of 24 acres ; a 24 inch culvert was also laid, con- veying the waters of the Hatton and Daresbury Brooks, with a watershed of 820 acres, the available flow being, however, limited to the discharging capacity of the 'above 24 inch culvert to the Appleton Reservoir. No extensions have been carried out at Appleton since the above date ; no compensation water is a iven from this `lreservoir,nor are we limited in any way as to the appro- priation or diversion of any springs or streams. In , 1868 further extensions were necessary so the Board of 1 directors called in Thomas Duncan, Water Engineer to the City of Liverpool, who advised the sinking of the welis at Winwick, in Lancashire ; these works' were carried out by C Ii Beloe of Liverprol as follows:— two wells were sunk to s depth of 150 feet or 40 feet below ordnance datum in the new red sandstone, one well within the engine house and the other immediately outside it ; at a depth of 50 feet from the surface a large chamber is excavated out of the sandstone, which chamber throws the two wells into one from this depth to the bottom ; from the bottom an unlined borehole 18 inches in diameter was carried down to 212 feet below it, or 252 feet below ordnance datum, but this was afterwards plugged up on account of the bad quality of the water from the borehole ; an engine and boiler house, service reservoir, cooling pond and 2 cottages were also erested. ln the engine house there is a single cylinder beam engine, the normal speed of which is 10 strokes per minute, the cylinder is 30 inches in diameter, and the stroke of the piston is 6 feet ; the engine drives two single acing pumps 18 inches in diameter and 4 feet stroke, one of them being situated in the well ; in the engine house and the other in the well outside ; small horizontal engine alongside the engine house acts I as a standbye for the outside pump. The engines were erected by Messrs Yates and Thom. of Blackburn, in 1871. The old boiler house contains 3 Cornish boilers, 6 feet in diameter, and 25 feet long, working at 40113 s pressure- The engine has a jet condenser and a small cooling pond is provided. TM service reservoir is built of brick and concrete and is rectangular in shape, it has a capacity of 2i million gallons. The tops of the covering arches of the reservoir have been formed so as to contain about 9 inches of water with the intention of keeping the water cool inside the reservoir. The level of top water in the service reservoir is 131 feet above ordnance datum. As soon as the Winwick works were available the use of water from Anoleton for domestic purposes was discontinued. In 1878 on account of the rapid growth of the town and district further works were necessary and Alfred Moore of Manchester was called in, and he advised a great number of works but the only one which has been carried out was an extension at Winwick. A new engine house was built containing two single cylinder beam engines by Messrs Daglish of St Helens, diameter of cylinder 21 inches. stroke 6 feet each engine driving a single acting pump, 17 inches diameter and 3 feet stroke, fixed in a well under the , house, at 15 strokes a minute ; a third well was sunk 80 feet from the other two, and connected by a tunnel, in the rock, a tunnel was also driven in a south-easterly 1 direction for a distance of 1,200 yards, the work being carried on from 4 shafts. The level of the invert of this tunnel is 38 feet below ordnance datum. The engines Are capable of lifting 2 million gallons per day of 24 hours. Previous to obtaining' our Waterworks Exten- sions Act in 1892 th'is was the last extension that was carried out. In 1890 the Corporation acquired the undertaking at the price of £278,000. The Appleton and Darestury Watersheds consist of well cultivated lands carrying a not inconsiderable population and in 1868 when the works at Winwick were constructed all domestic consumers were changed over from one system , to the other and Appleton water is used solely for trade and sanitary purposes, so ' that there is practically a duplicate system of mains through the town. Winwick water is also used for trade purposes but if possible and. if the water is suitable for the industry Appleton is laid on. The district of suoply is a fairly large one em- bracing an area of over 40,000 acres and the population actually supplied were in 1861, 34,105 ; in 1871, I 40,837; in 1881, 53,808 ; in 1891, 88,748; and in 1901, estimated at 80,000. From Winwick there is pumped' annually about 550 million gallons ef which amount 90 million is used for trade purposes and the remain- 'ag 460 icmest

leg _milliOn gallons for d,,.._...stia7l3drposes; from Appleton there is supplied 130 million gallons ; giving a domestic consumption of 460 Million gallons and a total trade consumption of 220 million gallons per annum. In 1898 the demands necessitated additional supplies both for domestic and trade purposes, and the Corporation instructed Mr James Deas to prepare the necessary plans, Sze., and to further assist the Corporation Mr Mansergla was called in, and piloted a Bill through Par- liament. Powers were obtained for the various works which are now being constructed from the designs and under the superintendence of Mr Dem, at an estimated total cost of £247,000. The new " domestic " works comprise an entirely new pumping station, at Delph- lane, with a pump well 12 feet 6 inches diameter, and 160 feet deep, at the bottom of which an adit of 6 feet high by 4 feet wide is being driven in a north-easterly direction for a distance of about 1,200 yards there being three working shafts in addition to the pump well. The contract for the well and heading complete was let to Mr George Lawson, Rutherglen, at £24,400. Tne build- ings will comprise engine house. 50 feet by 35 feet, i boiler house 50 feet by 19 feet : coal shed 50 feet by 19 feet ; workshop and store 50 feet by 15 feet, there will also be provided houses for the engine driver and stoker. The water from the new well will be lifted by means of a triple expansion virtical receiver engine actuating two deep well pumps, 18 inches diametet and 3 Feet 6 inches stroke, which lift the water to a cast iron tank under the engine room floor and from thence the water will be lifted by means of force pumps through If. miles of 20 inch cast iron rising main to the Vvinwick reser- voirs. The whole of the machinery will in the future be duplicated, the buildings ico., being made large enough for this. The high, intermediate and low pressure cylinders will have diameters of 35, 22i, and 13 inches respectively, and steam will (be supplied at a pressure of 1601bs. per square inch from two Lancashire boilers 18 feet hy 7 feet, [laving Sirnpsons' Superheaters and Greens' Economiser attached. The engines and pumps are to be capable when running at their normal speed of raising 3 million gallons of water per 24 hours , against 250 feet,and the duty guarantees are as follow : —13.9 lbs. et steam per pump horse power hour 1.5 !be of Welsh steam coal per pump horse power hour. The plant is being supplied by Messrs J Simpson and Co, London, the contract mice being £11,175. The rising main is being laid by Messrs Jowett Bros, Burscough, the contract price being £1,940, the pipes and specials being supplied by the Staveley Coal and Iron Company, Limited, at a contract price of £4,330. At Winwick the service reservoir accommodasion is being increased by a new reservoir whose size is 215 feet by 190 feet and depth 20 feet ; its capacity is ai million gallons and top water level 131,35 feet above ordnance datum. It is entirely of concrete, the roof being formed of concrete arches supported on 11 cross walls. The floor and main walls are lined with Callender's bitumen sheeting, with a facing of inch of blue, wire-cut ruaboa bricks, and he roof is laid with bitumen sheeting to prevent in filtra- ion of surface water. It is provided with the usual inlet, cutlet, scour and overflow pipes and connections to the existing reservoir. This reservoir along with boundary walls, roads, etc. is let to Mr Georgelßell, Manchester, at £22,000. A 27 inch vEnturi meter will

be fixed on the service pipe to the town, so that the rate nf consumption may be continu- ously recorded. An entirely new service Is being put down for the higher parts of the supply district and a pair of Worthington pumps are being fixed in an engine house close to the Winwick Service Reservoirs: The enable house, which is being built by Messrs it W Collin,,Warrington, at £14786, has a com- mittee room and other necessary offices attached; for providing steam for these new engines also the old ones a new boiler house and coal store has been built ;.the boiler house contains 2 Lancashire boilers 30 feet long by 8 feet diameter, and stesaLwill be supplied at 150 lbs. per square inch, which pressure will be redisced down to 40 lbs. for the old engines. Toe high level ser- vice pumping engines are of the Worthington triple expansion type, having high pressure steam cylinders, 8 inches in diameter, intermediate steam cylinders 12 inches in diameter, 2 low pressure steam cylinders 20 inches in diameter, double acting plungers, 7 inches in diameter all having a uniform stroke of 15 inches; each engine actuating pump capable, when running at a normal speed, of raising half a million gallons per day of 24 hours througn 6 miles of 10 inches, and 8 inches diameter rising main, the water being drawn direct from the service reservoirs into a suction stand pipe in the engine house; The engines are being constructed by Messrs J Simpson and Co., at a contract price of £2954 and the duty guarantees areas follows :-25 lbs of steam per pump horse power hour, 3 lbs of coal per pump horse ;power hour. These engines deliver into a new high level service rnservoir at High Warren which is circular in shape 126 feet diameter at top-water level depth 16 feet and capacity I.± million gallons. The top-water level is 340 wet above ordnance datum, the floor, walls sand roof are of con- crete, the roof being supported upon cast iron columns, carrying rolled steel joists and arched steel channels, and expanded metal sheeting; a dwarf wall runs across • the reservoir so

_ that one half is supplying the -district, while the other half is being cleansd out. Ca!lenders' bitumen sheming is used for the walls and floor and also for covering the roof. The contract for this reservoir has been let to Mr C W Davenport; Warrington,at £6,748. The rising main to this reservoir and the service pipes to the town therefrom have been supplied by the Stanton Iron Works Co., at a cost of £6,700, and the whole of the pipes have been laid by the Corporation workmen. Where this main passes cinder the Manchester Ship Canal sub- way, it is formld of lapwelded steel pipes 10 inches diametcr, tested to 500 lbs per square inch in situ. These pipes Were supplied by Messrs T Piggott and Co., Birmingham at £515. All cast iron pipes throughout the works have solid lead joints no yarn being used, and in the case of pipes of 13 inches and upwards in diameter the whole of the joint is poured. The valves and apparatus throughout the works are being supplied by Glenfield and Kennedy, Kilmarnock, at a cost of £7OO. -,4There will be a complete:system of level trans mitten, indicators, and recorders for the reservoirs and wells, the instruments being manufactured by George Kent, London, and the connections, etc., are being I executed by the Warrington Electric Light and Power ICo., Limited. The " trade "works consist of a storage reservoir of a capacity of 170 million gallons on the Daresbury.brook, utilising a watershed of 900 arres.

This will be formed by an earthen embankment 800

yards long, and 65 feet maxhnum height. There will be the usual tunnel outlet and a line of pipes conveying the water to the existing filters at Appleton. The estimate for this reservoir is £lOO,OOO, and the general surveys have been made, and negotiations for the necessary land are in progress. At Appleton two new filters and a service reservoir will be constructed and the existing filters will be reconstructed. Workmen's cottages will also be built. It is hoped to commence these works this Autumn.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
A DELICIOUS BEVERAGE.

The most wholeaorne of all summer drinks is Lemon- ade. Two gallons can be made to perfection from a itid. bottle of " Eiffel Tower Lemonade." Thia well- known article is partly made in Italy in the midst of the Lemon orchards—hence its delicious flavour and wonderful cheapness. To prevent disappointment insist upon having "Eiffel Tower" Lemonade. Of all Grocers, Chemists, etc., or send 4i. tor a bottle suffi cient to make Z gallons, to G. Foster Clark and Co 3,796, Eiffel Tower Factory, Maidstone.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
IS ENGLAND BEING SIDE- TRACKEO.

Another Letter from Mr. e. E. Parker. The following is a copy of another letter which Councillor Bennett (Secretary of the Warrington Cham- ber of Commerce) has received from the Vice-President (Mr C E Parker):—"Quebec, Canada, June 28th, 1901. Dear Mr Bennett.—The marvellous industrial develop- ment of the United States of America concerns us in so far as that development results in supplanting the trade which naturally belongs to England. The advance in commerce of one land does not necessarily imply a re- trogression in another ; indeed it may denote the very opposite.. It is only by examining the question in detail that we can rightly judge of the effect of American progress on our own national prosperity. Will America help to pull us along the track of national progress or will she in the expressive term so often need here " side track " us, i.e., turn us into a siding while she goes bowling by. Her larger population to some extent naturally entitles her to the premier position she has attained as a trading country. It will be a long time before the United States, per capita, has the foreign trade which England has I secured. Our country per bead of population does in exports over twice the foreign trade of which the United States boasts, and more than that of the United States and Germany together. When, however, we take individual markets and particular classes of goods, we find the United States making serious inrowis into iour trade. Our own exports (especially in manufac- tured articles), are practically stagnant. Some are per- ceptibly shrinking, and it is in these very things that the United States is rapidly increasing. When there is / anything going wrong in our national work-shops, it is a convenient and common practice to decry our fiscal policy and ascribe our state of stagnation and America's progress to the effects of free trade and protection. I have taken pains to examine this idea in the light of the facts in both countries, and my view is that the different , policies have very lime to do with the question, and that, at any rate as far as the question of exports is concerned, the country adopting the free trade system has far the better chance, and, other things being equal will secure the larger share of foreign trade. The ques- Clod I know is a very large and complicated one, and far too intricate to deal with exhaustively in a letter of this character. As far, however, as it affects exports it is comparatively simple. I would seek to illustrate how American exporters are hampered hy tariffs, and how, In spite of this additional weight, she is beating us on lines in which we are advantaged by free trade. Let me instance the question of the manufacture of boots and Shoes. All hides imported into the States pay al5 per Cent. ad valorem duty. This duty was forced into the Wilson Bill by the Western States with the idea of pro- tecting the stock raising interests. This naturally 'raised the outcry from the tanning interest that this duty would cripple the export trade in leather. With be hope (a Vain one) of pleasing everybody a rebate of 1.5 per cent. based on the value of the hide was given on leather exported made from imported hides, But it is clear that to have made things fair all round the process should have been carried further and a rebate should 'also have been arranged on exported boots, manufac- tured from leather made from imported hides. This was a practice impossible, and so the boot manufacturer is labouring, Under the disadvantage of having to , pay about 8 per cent, more than an English maaufacturer for American tanned leather. The American tanner, tanning imported hides, can sell to England so mush cheaper because he is recouped by the rebate above named. This is an instance of the anomalies and injustices which are inherent to a system of protection. But in spite of this burden which the American boot manufacturers have to bear, they are invading our home market and securing all the increas- ing trade in our colonial and foreign markets, while we, in spite of being able to buy the cheapest leather from all the world, barely hold our own. Naw. what is the explanation of, and the lesson to be learnt from facts like these P They are not far to seek and may be summarized in part as follows .—The Americans have developed a wonderful mechanical genius far in excess of the English. This, with practical adaptation of ways to means, abundant capital, and an intelligent, scientific and educated labour, has enabled them to produce at a cost and of a quality and style which knows no equal in , the world. Now, the sooner we in England trankly acknowledge this, the sooner will we resolutely apply ourselves to remedying the faults and failings which at present handicap us in the industrial struggle. I have already shown that it is not because of, but in spite of a protective policy, that America advances. If this required further confirmation it would be found in the growing trade between the States and Canada. Canada gives to the mottoes country a preference on goods imported to Canada of 33 per cent, as compared with goods imported from the States, and yet in spite of this advantage the import of this advantage the import of manufactured goods from the States is growing faster than that from Great Britain. I would in this connection refer again to boots and shoes. The bulk of the better class boots and shoes worn in Canada are imported from the States. On asking Canadians why English made boots do not take the place of those from America, I am met with the response that English made boots have no style, and are a bad fit. What is true of the boot and shoe trade is true of a dozen others. In Eoglish manufacture there is little effort made by those interested in manufacture to conform to the taste, style, and may be prejudices of their customers. What I would seek to impress is, that these and like faults are within the power of the English master and workmen to remedy, Were the energies spent in aimless grumbling over our fiscal policy directed to the overhauling of everything that contributes towards the successful manufacture and sale of our own products it °rim Contribute consider- ably towards maintaining or r.ational industrial prosperity,"

should ihuf^

===== 0002601_19010719_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEMAIBS' GLOVES.

We say housemaids', but housewives' gloves would be perhaps a more appropriate name. They protect the hands from scars and ingrained dirt, which are quite unnecessary even in the case of the wife of the mm n with the most modest resources.

Price from Bicl. per- pair.

BOOTS VARNISH SrAINS.

Olve a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, titaining and Varnishing Woodwork at one opsratio n.

Usual fid size for 40., is size for Bd., 2s 8,1 fuze for is 51 per bottle.

FURNITURE O.REAII.

Gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and Ff eneh-polished Furniture with half the usual fabour„Quaranteed net to show finger marks. 6d bottle for 4d., is. bottle for 7d.

BRU.N S WICK BLACK.

Will make Ironwork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine of patent leather boots does to a well dressed woman.

6i. size for 4d.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT.

As used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decora- tors. has the original brightness of Gad, easy a application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, Is. bottle for md.

UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH.

BOOTS BRASS PASTR OR MRTAL POLISH will clean every kind of Metal, Brass, Steel or Iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial Come, usual 21. for Id. is. tins for 4d.411

WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY

AMMONIA. 111 Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help 113 the cleaning of silver, crockery„mirrors,windows, cat glass, but especially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, Am., from wash-boards and floors. Itle also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. is. bottle for M., small trial Size 6d.

HAT VARNISHES.

Before the great picture exhibitions in Lontiou open, comes a day which artists call varnishing daY• The nimble fingers of our girl workers have alio their varnishing day, when they varnish last eeasoul hat to do another turn—Boots Hat Varnishes Black or suitable assorted colours are the best for this purpose. _

Price qd per bottle.

LINEN POLISHING TABLET.

Clean linen seta off a woman or a of* an to bgie advantage than gold or diamond rings. aides 0.0 men's collars and fronts, and all laundry wor,kors best and cheapest be pertormed with Our fr. Polishing Tablet. Price Id & 2d per tablet. Four 2d tablets P —rise. Equal to what is sold elsewhere at three times WV mf ....A o

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LARGEST, BEST, AND CREAPBST. 36, BRIDGE •STREET WAR RIBC/TON. 5, BkIiDGE-STIMET

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER

===== 0002601_19010719_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
IS d SPLENDID REMEDY FOB

ALL DISEASES OF .131,E BLOOD.

CLEANSHS the system from all Impurities. CUNNS PINIPLES ON Dili PAM

CUM ALL lIRUPHONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS.

CURES SOIDIVY AND SCROFDLOUs goESS'

===== 0002601_19010719_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL.

to Messrs. BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure send youa testimonial regarding the efficiency of 9°l° Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered W., a bad leg and dopey for some time, and had in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The price of yours in comparison to others led me to It a trial, and I only think it fair that I should 00' to those who like myself have to atudy econoo/; that they will find, as I have done, a medicine 00" does what it professes to do. gOl/' —(Sigs ed) U. P. soLo—

PRICES Is. AND Is. 9d. PER BOTTa•

SULPHua TABLETS

CONTAIN ALL TUB VIRTUBS OF TO/41

OLD FASHIONBD lIHMEDY.

PRICES 6. &ND 11n. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually 6°13.

hogany, at one

ahogauy he usual

ad orna- ,laae like o a well

===== 0002601_19010719_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPOUND

SARSAPARILLA PACKETS, tifl° Composed of Saraaparilla, Burdock Boot, rer- Bark, Sassafras Bark, Quaiacum Wood, lideOr Root, Licorice, ic,

ap. PER PACKET.

Makes one quart. Full directions enclosed"

By a course of WILLS'

efts BLOOD AND SKI.N POVirDl":",vd ,Blotches, Pimples, Boils, &c., are speedily re'- and permanently cured.

PRICE-6d. AND le. PER BOX.

BOOTS COAL TAR SO,AS'f.

PURIFYING DISINFECTING ! I ,etfe BOOTS COAL TAR SOAP is an excellent c°7-01;lt or the preservation ol the skin, and for rlisl‘ delicately soft and healthy. 2i PER TABLET FIVE TABLETS

Decors- easy of

HASH.

POLISH : or Iron.

for 4d.

help iU low!). cat ag gresta na. It

a Lone too hing daP have alto It aeason'i Liebe' hi beet for

BLET.

to bettor lies' 0t?,,; wor..,kgo )ur 1"-- snt 61. 'eta e as tbe

38. SKIN. 88. 3 BOBO'

pleasure Rey of /01''' fared Vee° had Thol°' me tu gige hould otit4 r econoulf. dlclue tbo . SOLOSOII'

===== 0002601_19010719_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
k

-Crew E. 45 6 Dare' 21, Derb:

cmir itidl

Vrodt thindal Garsi 12 56 2 10.9 1( Waal Uolb. 10 Ca How 18,3 a 5,9 4

411011 d luntatt °llatrut s tlan

===== 0002601_19010719_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAI TIME TABLE

FROM WARRINGTOR

, Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 10, 15, 2 5 20, 535,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. '43a r and Hillhouse -7 15 8 35, all 2.1 25, a 3 22,a4 o, a 15, 47 15 '49 25. Sun lays 931 2 5,8 55. a Stops if require*. 15 pirminghan, (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 93 23, 7 10. 9,45 11 57 25, 5 20, 7 20. 1134. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, 45,11 35 Luondays excepted. ()Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58,11 55, 12 55, 37, 622 55.11 52. Sundays 11 15 a.m. 420.515 p.m Blackburn -5 45, 8 35. 956, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50.6 23,8 50. 813 843. aS 35,6 o.a via Preston 8 ,;'"lelf11001-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42, 1225, 2 10,3 50, 4 50, 717 8 50,910. Sundays 843. 3 35 6 0. ;00Iton- 8 L 5, 9 25, 10 43, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 ir, 920, Sundays 843 a.m..5 15, 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 545. 9 56 11 50. 1225, 210, 450,9 55. Sun- -843'8 3 35,9 54. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23, 1131,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.20 15, 4 22,5 7,6 4,7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 11 35. Collins Green-7 5, 85, 8 35, 10 10,12 7, 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25. 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58,93 23, 710. 825. 9 45,10 20, 11 '57, 1 6.2 5 6 20,720, 1134. Sundays 258, 10 154 5,11 35. abiondays Bzsepted. 1;5:Low-lays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 1225. 220. 3 15, 57, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. 39er83, (Nlidiand)-5,51, 8 46, 988, 11 55, 12 55, 37, 4 17 42, 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m , Earlestom n-5 45, 75, 8 5,8 25.8 35, 925, 10 10,10 20,10 t 2 7, 12 2.5 1 15,2 35,3 40 3 50. 5 15, 5 21,..Q 33," Q 7 40,9 25, 66, 10 30 Sundays,7 408 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 34 p.r. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 30, 8 25, 94, 11 53,1 55. a2O 515, 6 17, 80.9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023. 1225. 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 57, 6 4 44 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 Izon• , Garston (Cheshire lines)-? 15. 757. 831.9 5. 10 5 12 0 t,10,4 0 529 70, 8 10. 9940. dlO 25.11 39 Sundays • 9 55. 11 22, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. baturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20,9 71 15 50,12 25.2 10,4 50 9 55.5 i ays 957 n flolborne-5 45. 7 5.8 35, 1055, 12 25, 1 15, 3 50, 23 714 55. Sunda s 8 43.6 0. Bough Green-7 12, 757, 831. 95, a 9 3U, 105. 12 0, 15 19,4 u. 5 296 15,7 15,8 0.9 25,b 9 40, alO 25.Sundav 9 0,9 31 1 22,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted Ilrianx and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 oundays 8 45, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 935. 9 Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 ill 49, 12 36, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13. 79, a 7 4 5 47. Sundays 850,38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L.& N.-W.)-3 sa, 51, 5 25. 75, 8 5,8 35 4125,10 55,12 7,12 25,2,35 340 5 20, 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. 19nc157 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 843, 3 28, 510 60, 954. From Level Platform. ablondays excepted. „Liverpool (From Low Level Plat(orm) -7 30, 825, 109 • 53, 155, 3 20,5 15, 6 17,8 0, 9 'l3. Standkvs 95, 2 40, 8 0 1 Llverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 10 26, 120, 1,1,4, 2 10, 2 21, 3 37. 40. 6 4, 8 10, 9 11, 9 45, 10 20 n'n4o 11 39. Sunclays4 30, 5 30, 9 3, 9 55.11 22,2 20,2 39, 7 10, S 18,10 18, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to efPool at 50 minutes past tee hour. 1, Lonaon kL. & N. W.)-2 58b, a 3 23, 7 10, 8 23, 9 45,10 20, 6',.67. 15.2 0, 5 20, 6 22,1134. r: undays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, afioadays excepted. ablondays only. LQadoll (Midland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 55, 3 14a, 5 22. 55, 911 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays only. bMondays accepted. I,ollYnrana (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 8„"212 36, 114, a 2 23, 3 38. 4 11, 5 18. 613, 7 8, a 7 45. 927 11QaYs 8 50, 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only len,chester (L. & N.-W.) b 45. 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, .1055,12 18.12 25,1. 15,2 29,3 32, 4 26 5 32. 6 43, 7 57' 8.9 20. 103.). Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. 31,,„rn High Level Platform. 9 0 ester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22.7 57, 832 Sur:d: 08, 1049. 1 14. 3 38. 411. 613. 78. 927, 11 40, 8 50. 3 8. 8 12,11 42 . , Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 2,8 55, 92, 955 `° 55 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 155,2 55, 3 55. 4 55,5 22 5 55. 6 65, 110,7 55, 8 13, 8 5 5,9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 O. 315,5 15,7 18,8 55 9 25 9 35. 10 0. kiddlewich-7 40. 1020. 2 55, 5 35.7 20. Moore-? 40,1020,12 10, 1 5, 2 55,5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 Tr,

Ivf ton-le-Willows- 63 10, 5 45,7 5, 8 5, 2 35.e9 19, 10 20 10 5512 23, 1 15,2 59. 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 20, 6 43. i,ll 9 20. 9 55. 10 30. Sundays 843 a m 3 35.5 :15,, 6 0,767 'laoia Kenyon bilondays excepted od, dgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 35,11 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45. 10 14, 7 44. 5 15. 935 4 y_reston-5 23, 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 2 10. 3 50 9 0,6 287 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 945. 109, 150, 320. 5 15, 6 17, 80, 2 1/ankeY (for Penketh)-7 15, 756,95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 „0.2 58, 4 0, 5 29.6 15, 7 5, 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40 210 25, Sundays 1.1 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bUturdays ouly, cHo.idays only. (C.L.C.) LTheißeld (Slidland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 2 55,3 14,4 7.6 55. Sundays 937 ain 5 15, 12°2; Helens- 7 5, 85, 8 35. 11 .0, 10 55, 11 53, 12 7 2 35 3 40. 520, 633, 78,7 40, 925. 10 30 Sundays .8 43,6 0,9 54 52'0u1hPor1 (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 33, 11. 2, 125 6, 6 15' 7 15 9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855. aSaturdays L.Thelwall-6 15, 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, °B, 411, 518 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. .sturdays only. From Axpley Station. A ,Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95 155. 11 5, 120,, 15, • 258 4 0 529 6 15, 7 5,8 10, 9 25, a 9 40, 81025. a un- -90, 9 31, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted, bSaturdays 42it4nes ( L. andN.-W-) -7 30, 825, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 15,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 95, 2 40, 30. I.gan- 5 20.5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,10 53,11 59,12 25, 115. 2 10 • 6 50,4 50, 5 20. 6 28,7 17.8 50,9 40.9 t 4undays,B 43 . • 6

===== 0002601_19010719_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM.

Acton Brid6e-6 30, 3 Sundays 75,0, 55, 4 42,. 7 40. 852 10 57 '2 0 335 4 45 7 20 I , Altcar and Hillhouse —ll 28, 12 41, 2 45. 7 18. 8 24, 9 57, Sundays 920, 2 21. 8 22. aSaturda vs excepted. Birmingham (L. It N. W.)-3 10,550 720 1.1. 12 25, 2 35 a 4 405 50,7 25. Sundays 310, 1240, 7 0. aThundays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42. 850 11 48. 125 2 45, 5 45,6 50,10 34 11 19. Sunday 415, am 40. 11 19 p.m Blackburn-8 30,10 48.1230.1 55, 347. 750 Sunday., 80. 42 Z. 540, a 9 13, a via Preston ~ Blackpool (Talbot Road) —B5. 955, 1040. 11 40 1 40, 3 15. 0 231 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 12, Blackpool (Central) —7 25, 8 25.9 10.10 0,11 25, 15, 2 55, r 50, a 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 15,4 67,8 25. a leaves at 9on naturdays Bolton-5 65, 640 7 55, 835, 9 10. 10 25. 15. 215. 415 10,555, 8 35,a 1.050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 p.m. a Saturdays only. • Carlisle—al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40, 422, 5 55, 8 42,Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41.aMon1ws excepted. 40hester-7 25,8 45, 9 40, 10 12,10 50,11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 30 a 50.5 10,5 15, 6 35, 735,810.8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,655 Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24. 11 23, 12, 38 1 38, 2 10, 35, 4,1, 5 38„ 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 8 ICa.m. I 15 p.m. Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 33, 2 25. 3 5 415 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 455. 7 10, 245 4 10,921 Baresbury-8 16, 1017. 11 27. 2 62, 5 53. 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-8 12, 935. 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47, 758 7, 935, Sundays 335. 7 30. 6 2a. 655. all xcept Hondays. Barlestown-6 58. 7 13, 8 46, 9 20, 9 45, 10 26, 11 26 142 12 50,1 42, '.3, 314. 5 15, 5 52, 630 7 33, 8 8 920 45036 all o.Sundays 8 33.9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45,7 24a Saturday only, Fiddler's Ferry 84 Penketh-7 1.2, 95, 9 45, 12 3, 2 9, 327 4,6 2,6 54, 9 3.4. Sundays 8 2.2 57. 52. Frodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1. 11 11, 231, 411. 5 35, 657, 8 31 Sundays 6 66,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 20,9 0. e 00. 10 48 12 0 12 56 2 11, 32, 4 49. 6. 5 55, 6 37. 121 9 1 Sunday; 10, 9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 42, 6 51. 8 54. GlasgGw-10 0. 2 0.2 1. 555. Sundays 5 50. 9 5. lrolborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 1223 2.41. 4 38 530 7'..l 10 42 Sundays 9 40, 75. liough Green-7 45, 8 15. 99, 103. 1055. 1.9 1302 25 18,3 5, 5 Zia 6 7,7 11,7 38, 9 15. Sundays 8 23, 15,9 4 9 10. ,Irtarn and Cadishead (Central) —7 35 9 53,5 5, 8 50, 11 33 laundays 10 59. 6 53, 8 40. 100. Latchford —8 4,8 40 9 29,10 2 11, 16, 1 20. al 45. 211 . 4 22, 55 41. 67, 6 44, 7 44. 4 4IL 11 27. Sundays 23 33.7 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdlys eaCep ted. Liver 8 0, 835.9 25 I Pool (via Bariestown)—a2 15 )•7 5)• aa 1 50,1 6. 130, 30, 4 50. 5 35.7 5, 8 25. 11. 1.5. Sunday 20. 630, a idondays onlv. b3a•orday3 only. ItrJa Widnes (L. 12 N.N7.)-6 25,8 20. 95, 9 50, 12 30, 1 25 35 4 20. 5 2).6 5,8 33, al° 43, Sub! la7s 735, 2 1 0.7 15 aSaturday 5 only 81,,,lyerpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 41.8 21. 3 3_12 1 3 3 340 6 935 10 30. 11 15,11 20, 11 10. 11 5012_30. 10 30 zo so. zao3 50 a 30, 4555 3" 36' 6 .snB 308 359 40 , ( 30 ' 1 830. 8 58. 30 Sunays 7 50, 90, 2 30,2 60 4206 3v , 0 it,ondon (L N Vir)-5 15 7 10. 10 25 12 1,2 15 4.15, 5 „2 0 Sundays 10 0, 530. 12 0. 5 0, 645 15'1011(bildland)-5 15, 9 0,10 5.11 1.0 10, 820. Suniays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept biondaay3r, 1.3111m-8 7, 32, 9 20. IS ',55 33,5 19,6 41. 7 41, 15,2 25 7 15 9 54, 11 8, 1 11, 1 7. 25. 250 9 33,11 19. Sunda $ 8 aturda only. bSaturdays excepted. I,slancliesterCL & N,-vv.)-7 45, '3 5. 8 30. 9594013 45 10,15, 1 35,2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 60. 78,80, 9 20, 10 40 8 0, 8 30, 90,6 0, 3043 Saturdays excepted. 2 c.aanchester aondon-road)-7 25,750,9 25. 10 35. 12 351 5a so 340, 655, 520, 65, 76. 855. 5045 SuadAys 730 140, bSaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. 1145nchester (Cheshire Lines) —6 45, 720, 330, a 9 5,9 33 4 4;ta,1030. 1035, 11 30,12 30, 12 50 1 3), 2 30, 330. 4 30, 0t,,..° 30. 63u. 633. 730 8 30. 8 35,1.1 0, 11 0. Sunday ao. 1 4. 2 0.6 5, 6 35 8 20, 9 40,a Saturdays only 81ddlewieh-6 48, 2 -,, 66. rloora_.6 56.96. 11 9, 12 14,3 47.5 0,7 33.Sunlays.8 181.ewton-6 55,7 25,8 42. 98.9 29. 10 9,10 22,11 8. 12 MI, 74 7,4 51,5 10, 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 30. 8 0, 63A 47, Suadays 3). 9 49, 10 0, 3 40, 720 11 919 10 15, 12 30. 1 25, 32.. 4^ 41 921 4,,44..ka9-6 53. 7 56, 8 31, 9 37, 10 20, 11. 36, 143 3-4 43,4 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 837 7, 9 28. ir,°11e1119(1-8 , 115 5, 1 55, 55,70, a 8 20, Sundays, 810 ',..Zaturdays only. Qt• lieiens-6 20 6 55, 8 0. 8 28. 9 0, 10 5, 11 10, 11 20, 12 15 9 165, 2 50, 4 30, 5 25,6 10,6 55, 7 25. d 50 10 30,Suu tay 35,6 55, 9 5. 2 ruthport-8 5, 11 10,11 11.12 25. 25. 230. 3 55. 7 0, 8 5 ~r.t 9 40. Sundays 90, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. 3h7elyrall-8 10, 836, 9 25, 9 58, 1112, 1. 15,1 41, 2 9 2; •• `. 63 645,7 45, 937, 1.1 23. Sunday 8 19, 2 29 5

EVERY WOMAN Elhaald send two stamps for our 32 psze Illustra el B» k :°tlZtai.o, va'u%ble inform ttion how all Irregularities and taemiaions miy be entirely avoided or removed by simple , 4'• Reaommended by eminent Physicians, as the only EliSu". and Genuine Remedy, Never fake. Thousands of -nlculiftle• Mr P. BIANCII/RD, Ralston Lane, London.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
)TTLg•

j 1

BOX •

ally 6014'

ETS,

--- et. ret'3lll ere° I, 310

===== 0002601_19010719_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
mclosed.

1W.103 any

OX. ,etie eat e°6,7,g it 3r 1101‘.--

3 00 "'

===== 0002601_19010719_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
k

5-0 t,.m• 9-10 .• 9-55

===== 0002601_19010719_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LO-30 „

===== 0002601_19010719_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ..

===== 0002601_19010719_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING ROUSE— Rarlestown

S us-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Low ton Stubstinw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave ............

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. arid 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 L.m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 P.m. *These are 7elegraph Offices also

WALL BOSI,B— Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the HaceCOurse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Churcb-et., Golborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St )lary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) parcels are despatched t town at 9a.m. and 6p.0 me as letters.

10 a.m.. and '7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m . 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.30 a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. mid 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

from the, Receiving Officl 1.; from all Sub-Offices at

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOW— By CZllers. Postmen. , 7O ~m.

Bngland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland: and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.--Bast Lancashire Yorkshire, Durham. Northam- beriand, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Prscot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Widu London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and

7-0 a.m.

1.11.30 „ }ll-4b } 12-0

11-30 a.m.

12-15 p. r, .

_ Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland ttlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester ...... London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midl nd, Northern, Sastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, W )olston, Stockton Heath. and Stretton Lonsion & Foreign, South, and S - East _ln Counties •

2-15 , 3-15 -,

6-30 p.m.

THE HURST CASE. An Unsatisfactory Ending.

Mr W J Jenkins has received the following un- satisfacto,y letter in reply to the petition from Warrington in favour of a reduction of the sen- tenc passed on ex-P.C. Hurst fo.• theft. [co.]

i'illiteL-kall, _9th, July, 1901.

Gentlemen,—The Secretary of State having care- fully considered the petition submitted by you on behalf of John William Hurst, who is undergoing a sentence of imprisonment , I am directed to ex- t)ress to you his regret that he is unable to dis- cover any sufficient ground to justify him consistently with his public duty in advisinz His Majesty to interfere in this case, I am gentlemen, —Your obedient servant, CHARLES S MURDOCH, Messrs Jenkins and Company, Solicitors, Bank Chambers, Warrington.

FLOBILINE :---PoE THE TEETH AND I3REATI. - ThOrOttghy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. harden the gums, prevants tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilins '" Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. Add is VALUABLE Die COVERT FOR THE riAIR,—Ii your hair turning grey or white or telling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, In every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we las promoting the growth. Price 53s 6d per bottle.— sld st• To MOTHER3.—Hre. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect Morass. It will relieve the roorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste and produces nature' cmiet steep, oy relieving the child from pain and the l'ttic cherub awakes "as !Tight as a button." Of all Chemists Is lid per bnttla. Advt. CLARKS'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company Lincoln.— Advt.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901.

INTERESTING MARRIAGE AT PADGATE.

Richardson—Bennett.

There was a pretty village weddirig at Padgate on Thursday la,t week, The contracting parties were Miss liettie Bennett, third daughter of Mr William Bennett, of :,,yndhurst, Padgate, and Mr John E Richardson, son of Mr Edwin Richardson, Of Pad- dington House, near Warrington, and carrying on business at Bridge•street. The weather was all that could be desired. The ceremony took place at the Wesleyan Church, and a crowded congregation assembled. Flags and bunting were prominently displayed in close proximity to the residence of the bride's father, and over the entrance to the drive the motto "God bless the happy pair" was erected. Across the road near the Church considerable bunting was displayed, and the gateway of the Church was prettily adorned with ferns and fla were. Inside the Church, the com- munion rails and table were decorated with white flowers and ferns. Prior to the arrival of the bride and guests Mr W H Mus. Rae., played Schubert's air, "Andantino"... a, selection of Handers. When the bride entered toe church, leaning on the:arm of her father, who gave her away, the choir sang the hymn "The voice that breathed o'er Eden." The officiating ministers were the Rev John Gasmen, Peeketh, and the Rev HG Roberts,M.A. The bride was attired in a lovely dress of ivory satin delaine, with transoarent yoke and sleeves of real Floniton lace and mousseline-de- soi. The bodice was trimmed with orange blossom and myttte. She also wore a wreath and veil and a gold and pearl pendant,the latter the gift of the bridegroom. She carried a beautiful shower bouquet composed of arum Wiest, gardenias, lilies of the valley and white roses, interspersed with ferns of various kinds. She was attended by four bridesmaids—Miss Bennett, Miss C Bennett (sisters of the bride), Miss Richardson (sister of the bridegr ona), and Miss Spencer. They wore handsome creme china silk robes, with trans- parent insertions of Valenciennes lace and chiffon. They also wore picture hats composed of white crinoline and sweet peas, with black velvet bows, and carried pretty bouquets of sweet peas and ferns. The bride- groom's gifts to the bridesmaids were gold chains and pendants. Toe groomsmen were Mr Charles Richardson (cousin of the bridegroom), Mr T Stanley, Carter Mr William Hey wood, and Mr John Jackson (cousin of the bridegroom ) Atter the ceremony Wagner's bridal march " Lohen- grin " was played by Mr Payten, and as the happy pair left the church Mendeissehea "Wedding March" was given. The n'aly married people were showered with confetti and rice when leaving the church. The wedding breakfast, sepplied by the Warrington Cafes,Limited,was served in a large marquee which had been erected on the lawn at Lyndhurst, and 43 guests were preset.r. Later in the day Mr and Mrs Richardson left for Carlisle en route for a honeymoon tour in the Highlands of Scotland. The bride's travelling costume was cf beaver zibeline with bolero bodice trimmed with ' panne velvet and Russian lace, finished with gold buttons, and hat to match. The following is a list of the presents : Bride to Bridegroom, oak desk Bridegroom to Bride, West African native gold ring and gold and pearl pendant Mr William Bennett. cheque and Bechsteln piano Mrs William Bennett, household linen Mr Edwin Richardson, cheque and drawing room furniture Mrs Edwin Richardson, case of cutlery Mr and Mrs Arthur Bennett, oak timepiece Mr and Mrs Walter Bennett, case of esti knives and fork and silver cream jug Mr and Mrs Denison Stovin,case of dessert knives and forks Miss Bennett (Lyndhurst), silver mounted oak tray and silver vase Miss Jennie Bennett, China tea service Miss Richardson, silver tea ser.tice Mr Thomas Bennett, flower pedestal with onyx top Mr and Mrs John Bennett, silver fruit dish Mr Joseph Li mnett, senior, silver hot water jug Mrs Harris, case of silver spoons Mrs John Houghton, silver sugar basin and sifter Mrs J 0 Jackson, silver hot water jug Mr Edward Jackson, silver salver Mr Thomas Richardson, pair of Cloisonne vases and bress coal box Mr and Mrs Moreton, china afternocn tea service Mrs, Mr W and arias Heywood, pair of oil paintings Elsie, Marjorie and Willie Bennett, Int-arid° bowl Bennett and Helen Stovfn, gypsy coal pot and brass cos, tongs Mr and Mrs W Bennett(Poulton-'e-Flyde),two pairs of nu crackers Mr and Mrs George Hutchinson, silver mounted vinegar' bottle Mr and Mrs F Wright. bamboo table Brand Mrs James Bennett, copper flower pot Messrs Alfred and Percy Bennett, salad bowl, spoon and fork Mies Bennett (Bruishe Heath,, toast rack Mr and Mrs Joseph Bennett, silver entree dish Miss Bennett (Westlands) and Messrs Fred and Leonard Bennett. silver mounted bread board and knife Miss Florencs Bennett, table centre Mr and Mrs Herbert Hatton; pair of Royal Boors vases Mr and Mrs W Newton. silver and china jam stand Mr John Jackson, pair of fish carvers Mr and Mrs Clarke Deakin, silver cake basket Miss Clara Richardson, dozen embroidered linen handkerchiefs The Misses Moreton, silver sugar basin and sifter Mrs Worthington, brass paper rack Mr and Mrs John spencer, silver fruit spoons Miss Spencer, silver-backed hair brush and comb Mrs and Miss Beavers. case of silver afternoon tea spoons Mr Sydney Martin, pair of grape scissors Mrs Britch, pair of cups and saucers and sugar basin and cream jug Rev and Mrs J Gunnell. Indian d'oyleys Miss Andrews, silver jam stand. Miss M Ockleston, silver Sugar basin, sifter and tongs Mr and Mrs W Roberts, pair of embroidered satin slippers Miss Taylor, crumb tray and brush Miss Ethel Lowe. cushion Mr and Mrs James Evans. crumb scoop Mr Stanley Carter, silver butter knife aud jam spoon Miss Ragiesfleld, hand-worked text Mr Robert Smith. silver salver Mr. Mrs and the Misses M 441011, copper kettle and stand Miss Louie Britoil, pair of glass water bottles Mrs Jones, candelabrum Mr W Ball, silver egg stand Mr and Mrs W Harris Wright, silver earl basket Mr and Mrs Frank Harris, silver mounted sugar basin and sifter Miss Louisa Mallett, celery glass and ornaments Miss Law'on, dozen sliver dessert spoons Mr and Mrs Joseph Andrews. flower stand Mr and Mrs R G Henshall. lower pot Mr and Mrs James White, copper kettle The Misses Birtles, picture (Sheffield) ' Mr and Mrs Stovin (senior), pair of silver bon-bon dishes Miss Mary Thomas, pair of sliver salts Miss Jacksnn, Worcester ornament • Mr and Mrs John brass crumb tray and brush- Mr and Mrs Gandy, silver tea spoons Miss Maggie Davidson, pickle fork Mrs James Ford, knitted carving cloths, d'oyleys, etc. Mr and Mrs Dean, pr servine pan Mr and Mrs Haar& copper water jug Miss Ellen Dawson. hot water jug The Staff of B Richardson and Son, silver smoker's corn panion Mr and Mrs Henry Burton, cheese dish Mrs IS Hughes, set of jugs Officers and Teachers of the Padgate Wesleyan Sunday School, pair elf silver candlesticks Rev and Mrs J Grange Bennett, bread fork Miss Maggie Thomas, salad bowl Mr aiad Mrs Edward Dean. silver mounted photo frame Mr and Mrs W B Thornton. pair of brass candlesticks Mrs Thotnton. vinegar cruet Mr and Mrs W Grange Bennett, cake knife Mrs W Royston and f amity. salad bowl, spoon and fork Miss London, Cut glass scent bottle Mrs Adamson. satin cushion Rev C H and Mrs Hocken, drawn linen sheet sham Messrs Joseph and Charles Richardson, silver entree dish Mr John Richardson (senior), silver hot water jug Mist Lydia Richardson. picture Miss Clara Whitby, fruit dish Messrs R Garnett and Sans, picture Miss Gandy, salad bowl Miss May Uandy, poker work medicine chest Rev HG Roberts, Bible and silver mustard pot Rev and Mrs T F Nicholson, silver photograph frame Mr W Hodgkinson, pair of silver rneunted vases I Mfrs Longton. silver sugar basin and sifter Mrs J Gilbert. afternoon tea cloth

===== 0002601_19010719_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 am

===== 0002601_19010719_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p . m .

===== 0002601_19010719_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nil. 10-15 am. Nil.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
}4

===== 0002601_19010719_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
There le Security ia CARTERI

Small Pill. Small Done. Price

- FULL IVER PILLS all ‘tralutely cure Sick To-

===== 0002601_19010719_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
I

A fen Iron' on the toothbrnaA every morning

===== 0002601_19010719_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
sozOboNT

Will Sweeten th 3 Breath all day. and make all the difference be.

----- Headache, 1 tw..^— , ,r 3 Torpid Liver, Indi• Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. fe.:;.,;,,,1.T0u,„,,,,,i.pati.94,,,v Tr)niffciin,ex. White teeth and Yellow Teeth. e Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth • . int be BUSS troy ORO Waal Complete in Toilet ',.5... i. Tooth Powder . wo.

BiiQu?

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE CLARKE'S , WORLD-FAMED _ _

BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OP TSSTIDIONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to aight,and we can with the utmost oonfidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

War:ante to cleanse the blood from all Impwitles, from tehattrer cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin asid Bloc." Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary )11ous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pants, for it removes the cause from the blocal and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 93. and us. ea3h of allShemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DELT i COMPANY sZICOL N. Bswarer of worthless inatations.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
BALANCE SUEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES.

ACCOUNTANTS AND SOLICITORS' REPORTS.

EDUCATIONAL WORKS AND CIRCULARS. PAMPHLETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &O.

JOHN 'WALKER AND CO.. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

BEWBEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

TELEPHONE N. 0489.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
lin-R;uNSP Gm& trik„ , GEM JEWELLERY

Fine Gold LARGES

TOOK OA

;s IN THE WORLD,

£l2 10s:

ENSONS IN CLOCKS Marble,- Ormolu, 9 Wood, etc.,

for DINING, DRAWING ROOlf, LIBRARY, or HALL, £2 to £lOO.

Estimates for Clocks for Churches, Factories, or Public Buildings, free of charge. _

To Visitors to London. An inspection of the New Clock Show Rooms is specially invited.

WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at our risk to Y all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. DENSONS BOOK of CLOCKS, WATCHES from L-P £2 to £5OO. CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL PLATE and CUTLERY, Post Free.

J. W. BENSON, Ltd., The

Steam

Factory,

82 & 64, NOTE. Order

LUDGATE HILL, LONDON • Form & Particulars of "THE TIDIES" SyIIIIAM Of Purchase, Post Free.

...... - .... -... *. . _ ,ioid & Pearl Lace Pin, 10/- :Pine Gold Chain Bracelet, £3 3s. - .: - SELEOTIONS APPROVAL , i Brood 211- Fine Gold di Pearls, 37/- TS

. —.7" k.',14i11,,,i0 ~. ~,.0 ,oF R _IN7 00 -Ewsk'r f_-. .... • 9_ Brilliants . 4111‘.r11.1114;• ~,--1i„,,,116. " c A") • " rilliants and Ruby Pearls SG Rubies. ,-.• B 'earls, 25/- or Somphires, 229 Brilliant, £lO c B ...., • ,......„„ „;; k .„.,/,..„....,. ,•.\_.... ~.,,,,..- .12. k 4.• ' ---------.. ~...... 9 ,p. 0 ' ,-.-.....,.. j tl 1 _.- ,--.. ur . , i I _______ ,-- ? ; „1,11. ); 1 . , I tyl i , • r: 7/ ........ ~. ff.; ' ' 1 ''' £.';',-- •:=-- t ,-,... ,- . z -------"'".., ,- -; .;< - ' , , , __-,mr---:-.--_ - - - 1,-- ,_ 4”,177„11.`3:,i11iE.:1,-,.:OI4WITIZn • .-- Striking Clock, Mahogany Bra 29

,04111.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
"' . . . . ... 4 .. , p,-,, . ' IP , . ..,. --.- %,.., ,t,5. . •f 41. i'`• ' ' ~ ;', '-'''' ip,.... .

WORTH A GUINEA A PDX.

FOR ALL.

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS) Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,.

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

===== 0002601_19010719_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
le Ailments. ,

Disordered Liver, & fOMI

Prepared only by the Proprietor, Twomte E stlier lens, Lancashire, fp - A boxes, is. lid. (5G pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with SiU d66tiousi ,Pold everywheie.

le.f

"tit 01.11114 ft itlfftr,fl.,ltil

;IWr

1

, •

===== 0002601_19010719_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
MO 40 4O 0 MO 00 40 C 9 4,

S40S•II00 44 00 0 c, 00 0 u 0 0* 0

meimeelmeose*4•4444ealio

FOR LADIES a GENTS ARE THE VERY BEST & MOST UP-TO-DATE Pree or Plead Wheels.

Carriage Paid. Discount for Cash. £8 tos. 54/2} ot. Ito too. 17/6 N. LII lis. 19/3 S £l2 125. 31/- £l4 145. 24/6 n. Brake, 11, Acetylene , lan or JUNO Cycles Pageß, setts port fres ..1-IINISTS' CO.. LTD. Without, London, Lozooo. W.

400 s

.. .

'as. .. 15/zo monthly. Lip tbifi 9"l73ll3,l74reertmcwzn,Arw ssevse sad looeseorles ; over 100 MACtilik -1514DOPstrate Street Witt PIIIIIUDELLT CINCIAL

Burritor:if/ n.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Bandy (p- -other Deposits, stone in the Bladder. Discharges. aria Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Hvery package bears the Government stamp, with the words, ..(WALTICR DR ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and Zs. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietcrt Holfard Ramie, Uolfordiquare. Londm • w.o. (41341 II , el 41440 q4.41‘

Vo.)

400 y!..

===== 0002601_19010719_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
- PLEASANT PARAGRAPIIS:

IT is surprising how many things come people de Dot learn from experience. Tun mills of the gods grind slowly, as a rule, but they sometimes get a inJve on that paralyzes some of us. IT is a singular fact that the man who knows it all usually disagrees w.t. the other man who knows it all. A MONOPOLY is a good deal like by a baby. A man is opposed to it on general princi iles until he has one of his own. OFTEN THE CASE.—" The minister weighs his words very carefully." "Still, he doesn't seem to realise how heavy his sermons are." AFTER THE ESTRANGEMENT. —Hobson : "Do you and Chatterton speak nowadays ?" Dobson : " Ho does—l listen." " WHY, I'd like to know," said a lady to a judge, "cannot a woman become a successful lawyer?" " Bdcause she's too fond of giving her opinion without pay," answered the judge. " OCT of work again, Pat: I thought that old Skinflint gave you a job?" "He did, sor ; but Oi'll be kilt afore Oi'll starve to death for the sake of kapin' aloive, son" " GEORGIE, Pin glad to see that you are polite and offer sister the oranges tirst."—" Yes'm— 'cause then she has to be polite, an' take th' little one." HE : " I have called on you seven years, Miss Waite. All this time I have passionately laved you. To-morrow or the next day I shall probably come up and ask you to marry me. What will you say ?"—Miss Waite (confused): "Oh, this Is so sudden!" IT WAS AT THE CLUB. —Waiter (at 11 p.m.): "There is a lady outside who says that her hus- band promised to be home early to-nlght."—All (rising): "Excuse me for a moment." MR. HOOLIGAN: "Shure, 'tis a molghty con- venient arrangement living in wan apartment, Mrs. Finucane. Woi, whin Oi want to go from the dhrawiog•room to the shtudio or the kitchen, Oi just stay where Oi am." ON reaching a certain spot the driver turned round on his seat and observed to the passengers: —" From this point the road is only accessible to mules and donkeys; I must therefore ask the gen- tleuien to get out and proceed on foot. THE MAGISTRATE: "Didn't I tell you the last time that you were here that I wanted to see your face in this court no more?" Weary Wat- kins : "You did, yer onner, and that is exactly what I told the cop." PERKINS: "When I knew Harry he used to paddle his own canoe; but now he seems to be a perfect wreck." Jerking: " Yes; but since then he vt married, and his wife is one of those crea- tures that like to rock the boat." HIS DEFINITION. Little Nell: "What is imagination, Willie?" Little Will : "It is what makes you think a bee's stinger is six feet long." liln RESCUE.—" He shall bite the dust!" hissed the wicked tyrant. "Is there no hope ? " faltered the heroine. "Hark !" exclaimed the hero. "Methinks I hear the clatter of hoofs. Perhaps it is a watering-cart." BANK DEFAULTER: "I would give ten years of my life to get out of this scrape." His Lawyer: "That's about what you will get if I don't succeed in getting you off." FARMER HORNBEAK "You know how old Zeb Flint hain't had no faith in banks, an' has been keepin' his money in a teapot in the barn where he could go an' gloat over it whenever he felt like it?" Mrs. Hornbeak : "Well, what has hap- pened, Ezry ? " Farmer Hornbeak (drily) " %Va- al, Zeb, hain't got no faith in barns now." MILLICENT: "How long did your trip to Rome occupy ?" Madeline: "Oh, a week altogether— there and back." Millicent: "And you saw everything?" Madeline: "Oh, yes; you see, there were three of us. Mother went to the picture-galleries, I examined the monuments, and father studied local colour in the cafés." LORD GLASGOW was once travelling by rail, and tendered a five-pound note to the booking-clerk for a ticket. "Put your name on it," said the youth, and Lord Glasgow indorsed it as requested, putting simply the name "Glasgow," as is cus- tomary, with nobles, and handed the note back. "Here, hi 1 you stupid man I" cried the clerk ; "I want to know who you are, and not where you're going to." HUSBAND (breathlessly)—"l am to start on a trip in two hours, and you can go with me if you can get ready." Wife—" Certainly I can. It won't take me more than 10 minutes to pack, and that will leave me one hour and 50 minutes to dress." "Now, children," said the Sunday school teacher of the juvenile class, "our lesson to-day tells us of the powers possessed by kings and queens. Can any of you name a still greater power?" " Yes'm ' • I can," replied one little fellow. " What, Willie ? " asked the teacher. "Aces," was the unexpected answer. DOLLIE—" I wonder why Love is represented always with wings ? " Mollie—" They are for him to use in flying out of the windew when Poverty comes in at the door. Don't you know that much ? " IsiIINvED—" According to you, I never told you a single truth before we were married." Mrs. Nuwed—" Oh, George, you weren't quite so bad as all that. Don't you remember you always used to say you were unworthy of me ?' MISTRESS : "Not going to marry that sweep after all, Jane? Why, I thought it was all set- led." Jane: "So it was, mum • but the fact is, I saw him with a clean face for the first time last night, and I can't marry him! You've no idea how ugly he is when he's washed, mum." TALK to woman about religion, she sighs ; talk to her of love, she simpers ; talk to her of art, she yawns; talk to her of science, she goes to sleep ; but talk to her of dress, and she will open her eyes and give you the entire attention of her ears. HE KNEW THE SEX'S WAYS. —Mi&S Shopper: "Do you think you will be able to match this ribbon ?" Draper's Young Man (with a sigh of re- signation) "After you have looked at everything else I shall." A DOULTFUL SIGN.—" I used to think my hus- band loved me," said Mrs. M'Bridie, with a sigh. "And doesn't he ? " inquired her bosom friend. " Well, he insists upon our living within his in- come." A RICH but ignorant lady, who was rather am. bitious in her conversational style, in speaking of a friend said—" He is a paragram of politeness." "Excuse me," said a wag sitting next to her, " but do you not mean a parallelogram? " "Of coarse I do," immediately replied the lady ; " how could I have made such a mistake 2" "WHEN are you going to settle this bill?" "We've had a settlement already." " When?" "The last time you called." "How so ? " "Didn't I tell you then that I meant to settle the bill ?" "Yes." "Very well, then; wasn't that a settle meant ? " MINNIE : "Mr. Billie, if I should consent to be your wife, are you sure you would never object to my dressmaker's bills, never refuse to buy theatre. tickets when asked, never—er -in fact, _never object to any expenses which I might wish to incur?" Mr. Billie: "Darling, I swear it r Minnie: " Well, Mr. Billie, if you can't hold on to your money any better than that I must say 'No.'" "Om, papa I " exclaimed little four-year-old Ned. "Look what a bright star 1" "Yes," replied the father, "and it three times as large as our earth." "Oh, no, it isn't," said Ned. " Why do you doubt it?" asked his father. "Because if it was it would keep the rain off."

SUNDAY-SCHOOL teacher (illustrating the "still, small voice")—" What is it, dear children, that makes you feel so uncomfortable and unhappy after you have done something which you ought not to do?" Dear child—" A lickin.' " FARMER'S Wife (of vinegary visage): "Now you get away train here quick, or call my husband." Tramp: "Your husband ain't at home." Farmer's Wife: "How do you know?" Tramp : " Well, mum, I've allers noticed that when a man is marred to a woman wot looks like you he's never at hcme 'cepting at meal times." LITTLE Elmer: "Pa, what is an extemporaneous speaker?" Professor Broadhead: "One who can talk.fluently about nothing without any previous Preparation.

- - An extraordinary c 5 cie scrimmage and accident occurred cn Monday near tl e Ernie des Arts et Manu- factures in Paris. The Prefect of Police had strictly for- bidden races round the building. This. however, was disobeyed by a large party cf fifty. The ground in the Bun Combes is (a correspondent of the "Daily Chronicle' states) exceedingly unequal, the result being that the racers collided with one another. Twelve of the cyclists were much injured. One was taken to the hospital in a dying condition, and a young woman's eye was corn-

===== 0002601_19010719_art0147.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
itt!

===== 0002601_19010719_art0148.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

I

I

I

===== 0002601_19010719_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

Weather Forecast.

The following are the Meteieological Office Fore- casts of weather for the twenty-four hours ending noon to-day :—Light variable airs. Fine, warm, especially inland. rhe Trial of Earl Russell.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
Sentence of Imprisonment-

Considerable interest was manifested in the trial, in the Royal Gallery, in the Palace of Westminster, on Thursday, to which John Francis Stanley, Earl Russell, was duly summoned by the Clerk of Parlia- ment, his peers being his judges on the charge of having contracted a marriage with one Mollie Cook, in the State of Nevada, in the United States of Amekica, his wife being then alive. The accused pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three months imprisonment in Holloway Gaol as a criminal of the first class.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
Yesterday's Cricket.

Close of Play Scores.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Despatch from Lord Kitchener. Boer Officers Killed. The War Office on Thursday morning issued the followicg from Lord Kitchener : ELANDSFONTEIN, JULY 17, 1.40 p m In Orange River Colony Captain Charles Botha, son of rhilip Botha, and Lieutenant Thomas Humoun, also Field Cornet Oliver have been kill d.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
With the Third (Warrington) Volun-

teer Contingent. The Work in the Transvaal.

The following is a copy of another letter which has been received from Private T Davies (son of Mr Coun- cillor Davies) who went out with the third, contingent of Warrington Volunteers :—Vryheid, South Lancashire Hill, June Bth, 1901 : Dear parents, we arrived here as you see on Sunday last all safe after two days' journey, the stopping place being at Blood River where we en- camped for the night. Our section guarded the left side of the convoy. We could see a party of Boers in Scbupers Nek, but these were soon scattered by our artillery. The Hill we are on now is just outside the town, and was taken a,few months ago by the South Lancashire Regiment. Well, after a weary journey, we have at last got into tents which to us is a luxury after sleeping in the open air. The first night at Vryheid was the coldest I have experienced since I came to South Africa, and we had to get up and exercise ourselves in order to get warm. It is a splendid sight here f rem the hill overlooking the town, the night posts being on the edge of the bill, it seems like look- ing from a battlement of a tower. We could plainly see Lucas Meyers' farm at a distance, and several others, and when locking through our glasses we could observe mounted Boers going is and out of the farm houses. This hide and seek business is be- ccming very troublesome and vexatious, and it seems very doubtful whether we shall ever have a good fight at close quarters. It certainly cannot be called war, and it is beginning to strike one forcibly as to why these men cannot be caught? Surely by this time our mounted men should he equally alive to the intricacies of the country so asrito be able to strike a blow with effect. But we men know but little of what is going on and! am longing for your letters and newspapers which I know you have sent me, so that they may throw some light on what is the opinion of the conduct of the war at home. We can only gather frogments of it here. Yesterday we witnessed what may be termed a great spectacle. About 300 Zulus and their chief came and visited us, yelling and performing war dances. Through his interpreter he told Major Adam tbat the Boer!! were taking their cattle, and asked if they might be permitted to fight against them, a request which was refused. If I may venture an opinion, these may be good fighting men in their own way, and amongst themselves, but , they would never do to be placed side by side with the steady. movable, fighting walls of Great Britain, and in this war they will no doubt be discarded. It may be a pleasure to you to know that I, and no doubt others have been recommended for promotion, but owing to the great responsibility of having to gue.rd dangerous positions from attack, they wisely I think gave prefer- ence to older Volunteers. We have much to learn, and our turn may come in time. Sorry to report that Richardson died of enteric ; we feel his loss very much, as he was the youngest amongst us and a smart young fellow. Whitfield and Woculhead (the latter being my pal) have I think been sent home ill. It is no use try- ing to save money out here, for it all goes in dainties of some kind, and in bread when short. Just fancy a loaf of bread weighing three pounds costing oee a shilling. Well now, I don't know how long it will be before this letter reaches you. I hope you have got the others I sent, and I wish the authorities at home would quicken 'the postal deliveries here. TOM.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
---4.- PENKETH.

TANNING COMPANY'S TRIP.—The annual trip of the employees of the Penketh Tanning Company took place on Saturday last. Blackpool had been selected, and a goodly number entrained at Fiddler's Ferry at 5 30 on Saturday morning for a day at the popular seaside re- sort. Blackpool reached,the party disposed of themselves in different ways until the return which landed them safely at Penketh at 10 p m. Glorious weather helped to make a day of extreme erjoyment for all. PRESENTATION. —On Friday night last a very interest. log ceremony took place at the Penketh Infants School. room, when a splendid marble timepiece, with brurze ornaments of Lord Roberts and General Baden Powell were presented to Sergeant A Baker, who it will be re- memtered, returned recently from South Africa. A good number of his friends were present and his com- rades of "F" Co., Ictendea in uniform. Mr J B Aitken presided.and in the course of a neat speech gave a short resume of the position of affairs in South Africa, and said that it was plain the war would not be finished until sterner methods were adopted. Bespoke in high terms of the action of the Volunteers in coming forward as they did. He called upon Miss Tinsley to make the presentation. Miss Tinsley did so in • few well chosen words, and Sergeant Baker made a suitable* response. Mr E G Medley also made a few remarks. At the con- clusion Mr L J Foster proposed a vote of thanks to Miss Tinsley for making the presentation and to Mr Aitken for presiding. Colour Sergeant H T Manley seconded this, and the meeting elosedaThe clock was supplied by Messrs E and A Eustance, and bore the following iescription. " Presented by Miss Tinsley on behalf of the residents of Penketh and Sankey, to Sergeant A Baker " F" Company, Ist Volunt-er Battalion, South Laneashire Regiment, on his return from serving as a Volunteer in the South African Campaign." Sergeant Baker left Southampton with the second draft on May 11th, 1900, and landed in England with the first and seeend contingents on June Bth 1901, promoted from Corporal to Sergeant while on active service.

Excitement, due to a disputed decision while he was umpiring a cricket match at Barton Seagrave, caused the death of John alaycock on Tuesday. During an altercation which his ruling brought about hn had a fr, and was taken borne. Another seizure followed, and Maycock was subsequently found dead in bed. A calculation founded on the price which is asked for acme land in the Strand to he used for widening thn thoroughfare, indicates (says the "Daily Telegraph") the difficulty of improving the main arteries of London. The cost of property at this point is at the rate ot nearly OD' million sterling an acre. In Essex a plot of imilar size can be bought for ES or 2e.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901

EARLESTOVVN & NEWTON.

BABLESTOWN TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION CLASSES.

The following results of the -examination in praitical plane and solid geometryiheld in connec• tion with the above class. have come to hand. Thomas Higgins, and W Hulme E Ist class ; George Bunting E 2nd class.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Poisai Mass.

At the Earlesto-w-n Police Station on Monday morning before Mr W. Collingwood, Thomas Dun- lavey, was charged with being drunk, and a wan- dering lunatic. His wife appeared and promised to loik after him, but the magistrates decided to send him to the Workhouse at Warrington. Thomas Bassett was also charged with drunkenness, and was fined lOs and costs. ST. PETER'S NEWTON CRURCIIWORKERS EXCURSION.

The annual excursion promoted for the benefit of the choir, churchwardeu4 and sidesmen of :it. Peter's Church, Newton, ,11c place on Saturday the destination this year b-. .4 Chester. The party numbering 35, left Newtot - --Willows by train, about 8.45, arrivicg at Cae,ter about 10 o'clock. The first item on the programme was a ramble through the city, round the wails and a visit to the Cathedral until dinner time. An excellent dinner was served at the Queen's Head Hotel, to which ample justice was cone. After dinner they em- barked on the steamer and sailed up the river as far as Eccleston Ferry, where they landed and pro- ceeded to Eaton Hall to view the stately mansion and grounds. Chester was reached again at abdut half past five, when tea was partaken of at the Queen's Head hotel. The remainder of the evening was spent in rambles about the City, and Chester was left behind at 8.50, Newton-le-Willows being reached shortly before 10 o'clock after a most plea saiut outing. CADETS OF TEMPERANCE PICNIC FROM EARLESTOWN. _

The annual picnic in connection with Britain'3 Need diviAon of Cadets of Temperauce,Marlestown, took place on Saturday afternoon to Mick'ahead Green. Something like 150 childrsn and 80 adults took advantwe of the outing and they left Earles- town by the 258 train for Las, Green, clowdiog the carriages in all parts to the discomfort of ordinary passengers. The journey, however, was short, and on disembarking a sigh of relief was heaved by those left behind in ti,e train. A walk of about a mile brought the party to I.icklehead Green which is charmingly situated in the heart of the country, but near to the Blae works of Messrs Rawlins, by whom the spacious field and convenient school house was lent to the society. After romping in the field a short time tea was served in the schoolroom and heartily enjoyed. The remainder of the time was spent in games of various kin Is. Tile party entrained for home about nine o'clock, and reache d Earlestown shortly afterwards, after a thoroughly enjoyable outing. The arrangements were in the hands of the officers of the society.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOwN "'8.?." LEXGUE.

The members of this recently formed league,which has been promoted by Mr Thomas Molyneux, for the purpose of combating smoking, drinking, and gambling, hal a picnic on Saturday to Knowsley Park, by the kind pe7mission of L3rd Derby. At prestsw the memoership of the league numbers 86, and embraces b3y9 and youths from the ages of 10 to 16 years, and this number walked from Earles- town to Haydoek, where they boarded a special electric car and journeyed to Preecot. Here they alighted and walked to the Park, and rambled about the PX'arliiVe and beaatiful grounds until tea was served in true picnic fashion. A very hearty meal was made, under the shadow of the trees and the lads thoroughly enjoyed the sylvan nature of the feast. The return journey was accom- plished in a similar way to the outward, and the day being very fine, the departure from the stereo- typed picnic wcs greatly enjoyed, Mr Molyneux was in charge of the parry and the uccess of the o uting has encouraged him to make further efforts to gather round him many more lads prepared to forswear tobacco, alcohol and gambling.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
UNPROVOKED ASSAULT AT BURTONWOOD.

I At the %Farrington County Petty Sessions, on Wednesday, before Captain Withington (in the chair), and Mr J Ball, James Haverty, Burtonwood, was summoned for assaulting John Kilshaw on the 6th July.—Defendant did not appear.alr E A White appeared on behalf of the complainant and said the offence with which defendant was charged was of a very serious nature. After the magistrates had heard the evidence he thought they would say that the assault complained of was a serious and iowardly one and that in the circum- stances there was nothing in the slightest degree to justify, excuse, or explain the assault. On Saturday night, July 6th, complainant was stand- ing with hit little niece at the door of the Elm Tree Inn, Burtonwood, about a quarter to eleven. His father was the licensee of the inn. Defendant i came rpund the corner, and without making a re- mark of any kind he rushed up to complainant and violently kicked him on the right leg. Immediately afterwards a police sergeant ad constable arrived on the scene and defendant went away. There was no juetification or explanation for tho assault.— Corroborative evidence was given by complainant and Lavinia Hamnett--A fine of 20s and costs, or in default, one month's imprisonment with hard labour w'ls infllcted.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM•

FIVE CROSSES SUNDAY ScHoot.—The annual services on behalf of this sch)ol were held on Sunday, the Rev Robert Renton(formerly superintendent of the Frodelp3m Wesleyan Circuit) preaching morning and evening. Mrs Renton gave an address to the children in the after- noon. The sinning at the several services was much enjoyed, and ri fleeted great credit on the conductor, Mr Joseph fl,orrington. Mr Samuel Baguet, organist, aceompanied throughout. The offertories amounted to E 26 5390. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE —The monthly meeting was held on Friday evening, Mr Charles E Linalt,r presid- ing. A .letter was read from the Railway Company statins, that they did not bold the views of the com- mittee with reference to the Fradsham Station platform. —A letter was also read from Messrs Merryweather stating that their tender for the supply of fire appli-, ances still held good. The Committee was re-appointed I consisting of Messrs Linaker,Mose'ey Willis ins,and Shore who will mstre arrangements as to a fire station. JOINT WATER COMMITTEE —At a meeting held OR Friday evening, Mr Fl Tiley presiding, orders were given for the outside painting of the reservoir buildings, according to specification, Co be done by Mr Barrow. Orders were given to Mr John G Davies, builder, Prod- sham, and Mr John Mayors, builder, Chester, for a sup- ply of water respectively to builder's yard, and for work in connection with the building of the new Parr's Bank. —A letter was read from Mr T D Timmins, churchwar- den, asking upon what terms a supply of water could be obtained.—lt wag resolved that the sexton be permitted to use water from his house tap on payment of 10s per annum—Some discu talon took place with regard to the water charge to the Frodsham athletic grounds, but no alteration was made.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
Boiler Fitter Drowned in Sankey Canal.—Sad Case.

An inquest was held at the Warrington Police Station on Monday evening on the body of Joseph I Warburton (541, boiler fitter, 97, Liverpool-road, which was recovered from the Sankey and St. Helens Canal at Sankey the same afternoon —Bertha Warburton, daughter of deceased, said she last saw her father alive at half-past one in the afternoon. He went out fora walk, but would not let her go with him. He was brought. home dead at half-past two. He bad not worked since November last. On two occasions he had ben in an asylum, and had lately been very eccentric in his rcanner.—Samuel Garrett said that about half-past one he was bathing in the canal, and saw deceased come on tie canal bank and undress. He went into the water. He was going out of his depth and witness shouted " Come out Joe," Ile replied: " I will," and did so. Witness asked him if he could swim and he said he could. Witness went some distance away, and Was informed that deceased had again gone into the water. He went back and tried to find him, but failed. tie afterwards gave information to the police. He believed that deceased went to the water to bathe, and bad no intention of drowning himself.—Miss Warburton, recalled, said she had had occasion to watch her father lately. When he went out be said he would go for awalk, but would sot go far.—P C Wood, Sankey Bridges, said he re- ceived information at a quarter to two that a man was in the canal. He went there and recovered ths, body with grappling irons. Re knew deceased He had been very eccentnc in his ways l ately.— The Coroner informed the jury that there was no evidence the man took hi 8 life. The only evidence, was that be went into the water to bathe.—An open verdict was returned. Lustas BBST GL keg BOOTS Ayr, gl-to UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE OLOOKicii REST BOOTS is LANCIA SliiHE.—Advt KITCHEN EttiNGES, Tile Grates, Marble an 4 Wood Chimney pieces. -J.s. filatistb,ol tcss. Bridge-st—dc'

===== 0002601_19010719_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEERS IN CAMP.

How they are Faring on Salisbury Plain.

Last Saturday and Sunday the members of the local Volunteer Battalion entered Brigade camp at Perham Downs, Salisbury Plain. They left Warnngton in two detachme rats, the first depart- ing at ten on Saturday morning ant the second at seven in the evening. The first contingent consisted of members of toe Mounted Infantry and Cyclist corps, and also a detachment of Infantry, 150 in all. A 'aro crowd assembled .at the Drill Hall and also at the Central Station, where the men entrained. The baggage was also conveyed in the train. The officers in command were Colonel Ridg- way, and Second-Lieutenants Haslain and Avery. Prior to the departure Colonel Ridgway bri,fly addressed the men. The train left at ten o'clock. The remainder of the battalion paraded at the Drill Hall at six in the evening, under the command of the Adjutant, Major Rooms. The men were in full marching order, and wore their field service caps, which were excnanged on arrival at camp for sun hate, which, should the hot weather continue, will be greatly appreciated. Large crowds of people ! assembled all along the route, and as the men marched to the station headed by the band, under the conduc.:orship cf Bandmaster Richardson, their smart and soldier-like appearance was the subject of general comment.. Ti,e Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, under the command of Colonel J C Ridgway forms part of the 30th Brigade, under Brigadier-General the lion Sir Frederick W Btopford K C. 8., of General I Buller's staff. The other battalions fc.rming the Brigade are the let V B Liverpools, 2nd V B Ches- hire, and Ist V B Royal Welsh Fusiliers. The Brigade is 2,800 strong,the s'rength of the Warring- ton Battalion :in camp being as tollower—Seventeen officers, 39 sergeants, 27 corporals, 21 buglers, 656 others, total 770. The officers present are Colonel Ridgway, Major J D Buckton, Cap' (tins J A Edel- sten, F 1 Appleton, J D Fairclough. U R a•osfield, and RSmilla • Lieutenanti E F Wilcocks, H G Roberti T M 'Broadbent, P N Avery and C Haslam ,• Surgeon-Captain, J Adams. S urgeon-Lieutenant J N Patterson, Lieutenant A F G Potter (quarter- master), Major F M Rooms (adjutant).

===== 0002601_19010719_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
WITH THE WARRINGTON BATTALION.

[3y An Ofigcer.]

Punctually almost to the minute we left Warring- ton for our annual Encampment, which this year, takes place at Perham Dawn, Salisbury Plain. Alter many and sometimes long stoppages en route we eventually arrived, at Ludgershall at 5.30 a m Sunday, very sleepy and glad io leave the train to stretch our rather cramped and weary limbs. The camp is pitched in a beautiful bit of country. The individual who has never been to Salisbury Plain would expect to see a flat un- interesting landscape. Quite the contrary greeted our eyes. After a tramp from the station of about three-quarters of a mile we suddenly saw our tents Pitched on a gentle declivity of ths vast undu!a- ting expanse of partially wooded Down about a mile alsead.

The men were told off to their tents not as in former yews, 8 or 9 to each tent, but 20 per teLt• This seems rather too much but the tents are three times the size of the old bell-tents and there is really ample room and to spare, and the inn are very comfortable. Our total strength is 770 and we are the second strongest in the Brigade, The tat V B Royal Welsh Fusiliers having first place with 820. Or Briaade. the 30th, consists of Ist V B South Lancashire Regiment, Ist V B Rayal Welsh Fusiliers, 2nd (Earl ot Chester's) V B Cheshirs Regi- ment and the Ist V B Rings Liverpool Regiment. The men were all served out with Baden Powell's Sun lia'as and new boors to-day in order to be in good serviceable working order for the hard work thst is before them.

MONDAY.—The orders for Monday issued by Colonel Ridgway were :—Company field training under COM- pany Officers ; attack and extended order at 6 a in ; Commanding i_;fficers parade for field training at 9 a in; and Company field training, attack, signals, and section leading at 2.30 p in under the Crmparay officers. The at- tack adopted by our Commanding Officer is the one that was most successful with Goneral Sir Reaves% Buller in South Africa. The men show an intelligent interest in their work and, although it is unusually hard—ths heat being most severe—'Mere is no grumbling; We were on ! parade in the bl,zmg sun altogether to day, 6 hours, and this is the minimum length of our days' work fer the whole fortnight. The heat was so intense during the fore noun parade that the Colonel issued instructions that the officers and men need not wear their tunics and the whole battalion paraded in their shirts and trousers with their Moir, sleeves rolled up. This was a great im- provolneut and the extra comfort was much appreciated by all.

, TUESDAY—The Battalion to-day hat; been doing the same work am yesterday tx:ept that certain Companies were detailed for the defence of different positions and other Companies were detailed to attack tnem. Blank cartridges were issued to the men, and the work proved mot interesting as well as inmtructive.

Toe Battalion Orders for the day contained amongst others the following :—" The Commanding Officer has pleaaure in recording that Lieutenants HG Roberts and TMBr a Meat havepasseri examinations in military engineering and tactics respectively, held in May last. The mounted infantry and cyclists are being instruc- ted in scou..in,g and reconnaisance work, and they are eavering a large area of ground during these operations. ThP battalion is now settling down to steady hard work in all ndthtehelnyn bvnaare to d are taking a keen and intelligent interest

===== 0002601_19010719_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A Fpncial meeting oF the above Council was held on Tuesday morning, when there were present i—Messrs R 11 Plariett (chairman). E Imison, W Elandley, T I>an,El J Once, S Walton, M J Sw eetman,F A Lake (law clerk), and E Marshall (secretary).

TIE TRANSPORTER BRIDGE LOAN. On the proposition of Mr E Imison, seconded by Mr T Dean, it was resolved that the seal of the Council be fixed to a deed of mortgage dated the Mt day of July, 1901, to secure the repayment of the sum of £lO,OOO to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England,and chars- ing the repayment thereof with interest on the Districe Fund and General District Rare,also that the seal of the Council be affixed to an instrument whereby the Coun- cil authorize the said Commissioners to pay the said sum of £lO,OOO to Parr's Banking Company, ro the account of thomas Haddock. treasurer to the Runcorn Uroan platelet Council. (2) That • cheque be drawn for £4O 15s 10d in favour of Messrs Miller, Jennings, White and Forester, for their taxes relating to the aforesaid lean. (3) That a cheque bs drawn on the Treasurer for £2,000 for the purposes of paying the first call in respect of the shares in the Widnes and Runcorn Bridge Company held by the Council.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
_ VANDALISM ON THE RUNCORN HEATH.

Fie Chairman intimated It had come to his knowledge that a certain person had been cutting sods from the Runcarn Heath; as the byelaw s of the Council relatiag to the Heath had not been posted up there he felt they as a Council would floc prosecute under the circum- stances.

Warrington Wire Weaver Hangs Himself. 1 Mr S Brighouse, county coroner, conducted an I inquest at the Police Station on Monday evening relative to the death of William Holbrook (34) wire weaver, 50, Leonard-street, who committed suicide by banging himself early on Sunday morn- ing.—Eliza Holbrook said the deceased was her husband. Ile bad complained, during the last three months, of severe pains in the head. On Saturday she insisted upon hiM going to Dr Langdale. She weat with him and the doctor gave him a bottle of medicine. They returned home, and retired to bed about half past eleven. Deceased could not sleep. She remained awake until three o'clock in the morning, and then fell asleep. On awakening at eight o'clock she missed her husband. She went downstairs and could not find him. She then went to an outbuild- ing, but could not open the door. She obtained the assistance of a neighbour, named Crank, who opened the door and found deceaed hanging inside. On Saturday deceased said to her: "I feel that bad, Liza, I think I would be better dead,"—John Crank, joiner, 54. Leonard-street, said he was called to the house.by Mrs Holbrook, and on opening the door found the deceased hanging by the neck from a cord attached to one of the small beams. He at once cut him down, but life was extinct. Dr Langdale was called in, and on examining the deceased said he had been dead some hours.—The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased committed suicide while of unsound mind. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

BEST BOOTS FOR ALL—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Ad UNnER THE C LOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. A for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL Irsiis —Advt

===== 0002601_19010719_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF .GUARDIANS. Improved Dietary for Inmates of the Workhouse.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr A J Jolley presided, and there were alsa present :—Mrs Clay, Rev J H Riddette, Rev T R Matthews, Dr Murray, Messrs S Davies. A Jolley, G Pilling, William Houghton, A. Brooks' Thomas Ritchie, John Backhouse, William Mather, James Robinson, R Forshaw, J Bilhuge, T H Ashcroit, , a L Bent, wi' h J C Sutton (clerk), S Sutton (assistant clerk). C H Ward (master), and A Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools).

===== 0002601_19010719_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
VIE COST OF REVISING ASSESSMENTS.

Mr PILLING moved the omfirmation of a recommen dation by the Assessment Committee of extra payment to assistant overseers for servic"s rendered in connec- tion with the revision of cottage assessments in their several pa.-fishes required by the committee for the pun poses of uniformity and for preparation of lists conse- quent thereon* Mr A JOLLEY secon led. Mr W Manisa inquired the reason for this extra pe yment. Toe CLERK explained that additional duties had fallen noon all the assistant overseers in connection with tbe recent attempt of the Assessment Committee to have a uniform avessment of cottage property. The assistant overseers had to go round their parishes to ascertain the particulars of all cottage pro- perty and the revision caused extra work in the pre- paration of lists. The work also involved the attendance before the committee oh the assistant overseers on two and r von three occasions. The committee came to the conclusion that the paymews now proposed were reasonable payments for work done. The CHAIRMAN (to Mr Mather) : Are you satisfied P Mr MATHER : Not quite. 1 think it is far too much for the work done.

_ The CHAIRMAN : The committee thought that on the whole the charges were reasonable and equitable. Ele rni,ht perhaps add that the revision was the comple- tion—so far as it was possible to speak of completion in this matter—of an attempt on the part of tbe com- mittee to have an tquitable re-adjus•ment and re- arrangement of assessments and to put them on a fair footing as between party and party. Mr Marna: What is the total amount of the pro- posed payments ? The CLERK : £139 123 6. The work in Warrington was very hPavy. The recommendation Was then approved.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
TREAT TO Ti3E CHILDREN.

Mr Wannsr (superintendent of Padgate Schools) reported that on July 16, the boys were entertained by the members of the Warrington Engineers Cricket Club, their railway fares were paid to and from town, and the boys were most liberally supplied with ginger beer, pies, tarts Szl. Each child r(cdived a pr'zs or a present. Four large bags of nuts, sweets and cakes, and numer- ous presents were sent for the girls. The report was adopted,_

===== 0002601_19010719_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
GIFTS.

The MASTEa (Mr Ward) aokno wl edged the receipt of a quantity of flowers from Mrs Jo hn Crosfield and Al saints Mission, Bewsey-road ; papers Sm., from Mrs Shaw, Daliarn-tane ; and from the Newsagency Office, HorsemarkE t-3treet ; also from the Rev E R Tarbuck and Mr Aahcroft (guardian). AN IMPROVED DIETARY—TEA AND SUGAR FOR AGED PEOPLE.

The Howe Committee recommended that the existing scheme of classification be extended by the formation of a class Bto consist of women of not less than 60 years of a..e whose industry and general conduct in the Work- house shall be fawurably reported upon by the Matron and deemed by the House Com• mittee worthy of such recognition. Inmates in clasil B shall be allowed 2cza. of tea and Bozs. of sugar weekly in addition to the ordinary dietary, this allowance to be suspended in the case of any inmate falling sick and being transferred to the hospital. It was resolved that litis al visable to make seine change in the existing methods of issue and preparation of the special weekly allowance of tea and sugar to certain female inmates and that as an experiment the Matron be directed to take charge of the dry tea and sugar allowed weekly to female inmates in class's A and B and to arrange for the preparation and serving of the extra allowance daily to the female inmates so classified at such hours as she may deem suitable. ------

Mr A Baoolcs moved the confirmation of the minutes. Mrs CLAY seconded, and the minutes were yassed. NEW OVERSEER.

Mr A NEADON, clerk to the Flaydoek Urban District Council, wrote enclosing the official appointment of Mr William Flanagan as overseer in successicn to the late Mr John Piling. THE MEAL CONPRACT. A communication was read from the Local Govern- ment Board consenting to the proposal of the Guardians to chtermine the contract into which they had entered with Mr Elallwood so far as it related to the supply of oatmeal.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
'TEIETRAINING OF PROBATIONARY NURSES.

- -- The CLERK reported the receipt of a communication from the Local G3vernment Board stating that, they saw no objection to the appriintmect of probationary nurses at the Workhouse. The Clerk added that he wrote to the Bcard asking for leave Co make the appointment of probationary nurses without having to 1 report upon it to the Local G-Arernment Board. The ' Board bad replied that they were not prrpared to accede to the request so long as there was no resident medical officer. The Rev J El RIDDETTE aski•d whether ancthing was being done to impart special technical instruction to probationary nurses ? When the Bard was contem- plating the erection of a new hospital it was under- stood that something in that direction was to be done. The CHAIRNIAN : Something is being done. The committee have done the best they could under the cir- cumstances. They have sent out probationary nurses to attend the classes conducted by a qualifird medical gentleman held in connection with the local technical institute on physiology and one or two other branches of science connected with their work. He (the chair- man) though*. the instruction had been very beneficial. The Rev J El Riddette said he was very glad to hear what was going on. THE BEER BILL.

a. letter was read from Sir C Quitter, M.P., stating that the Beer Bill passed the second reading on the 27th March by the large majority of 112, and asking the Clerk once more tv bring the matter before the Guar- dians with a view to requesting the attendance and support of local members of Parliament to ensure the Bill becoming law this session. The CLERK said the local members of Parliament had written to him stating that they approved of the Bill 1: and he did not think it necessary to send a furtlyn. communication. ORDERS UPON TRADESMEN.

The special committee after the consideration of a letter from the Local Government Board recommend that in view of the success of the system hitherto adopted no change be made in the method of preparing and issuing orders upon tradesmen. They are of opinion that the change in the direction indicated in the let ter of the Local Governmant Board would lead to waste in provisions, increased confusion in the tradesmen's accounts and delay in the delivery of the orders. DISFRANCHISEMENT THROUGH MEDICAL

===== 0002601_19010719_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIEF.

A letter was read from the Halifax U4ion urging that medical relief was granted to persons should not dis- qualify such persons from voting in any election of members of Parliament. The Board rmolved to take no action in the matter, LUNATIC ACCOMMODATION.

A letter was read from the Clerk to the Rochdale Union pointing cut the insufficiency of the accommoda- tion in the Lancashire County Asylums and stating that from their Union they had been obliged to send patients to two other different Con _Ay Asylums. The Clerk pointed out that the insufficiency of N uch accommodation I was universally felt but with the exception of one patient at Haydock all the cases from this Union were in Lancashire Asylums. r This was all the business.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
PA DGATE.

FOREIGN MISSION PRIZES.—OR Sunday afternoon, Mr Henry Ward (superintendent of the Wesleyan Sunday school), presented the prizes which had been earned by the scholars who have acted as collectors. Mr Ward in the course of his address spoke of the good work that was being done by the Wesleyan missionaries in foreign lands.

Orford Church.

The annual sermons on behalf of the Day and Sunday Schools were preached last Sunday. In the morning the Rev G Vale-Owen (curate-in-charge), occupied the pulpit and la the evening the special preacher was the Rev W Bracecamp. curate of St. Peter's Church, War- rington,who urgel his hearers to rearm their responsi- bilities with regard to the education of their children. They as church people should support their voluntary schopls in order to keep out the Board school. In the voluntary schools they were sure that religious know. ledge would not be neglected, whereas in the Board school they had no guarantee that religious instruction would receive the consideration to which it was entitled. He underrnod they were £5O in debt. And he asked them to give as liberally as they could in order to liquidate the debt, and to go still a step further by beclming annual subscribers to the schools. He paid a fitting tribute to the noble band of Sunday school workers, wbe in the various pari,hes in the country endeavoured at very often great self-sacrifice. to inculcate into the minds of the children the blessed truths of the Gospel. At each service there was special singing by the choir, the base solo in the anthem, sung at the evening service, being creditably taken by Mr Walter Gorey. The offertories at each service were in aid of the famds of the day and Sunday school.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington.

Personal.

Ciptain K A Macleod, cv-tr.or-Was severely wounded at Mag-rsfoutein where he was signalling either has besn appointed Jeputy-AP:is ant Adjatan' Geneial and staff Officer to the lillicashire and Cheshire Voluutepra n3w encamped at Salisbury

Cipta n U M'Corquodale has been granted the honorary rank of Major in the LancEshire Huss/ rs Imoeli I Yeomanry. He has passed the school of instruction, and was appointed lieutenant in 1886 and captain in 1894 His brother was killed on Stipa %op while serving with Thorneyeroft's Mounted Infantry.

Tart GLEN-SPEY DISTILLERY. Situated in the finest

Whisky-producing District of Scotlan& is the property of W. &A. Gilhey. This Whisky is made entirely trom hortn-{rown Barley and is Kept uhsolutely unblended in tile Majesty's Bonded Warehont,t to mature, and sold by W. & A. Gllbey's agents in ~eery town at 3s 6d per bottle. "Mond Gas."

The Proga terms of thi Power Gs Corporation, Limited,will be issued at ths end of (his week with a capital of ,E 350,000 in one poun I shares with the Right Hon •'ir flenry l'wlrJL P. as ehairtuan,and Dr Ludwig 11ond, of Messrs Brunner, Moud and Co. Limited, and Mr John Brock of the United Alkali Company, Limited, as Vice•chairmen. The company has been formed for the purpose of developing the cheap power and heating gas known as"Mond Gas,"

(SSINDTTES AND MAILCAItT3 in latest Art Shades —J. S. GARLAND.SI. 53 and 55,Bridge-st. Warrington,—Advt Excursion to Gateacre.

The employee of Messrs Forshaw and S3n,boiler makers, Menses-street, had their annual trip on Saturday the place visited being Gateacre.Between thirty and forty employees assembled at the works at noon,from whence they were conveyed by 'buses to their destination.On arrival at Gateacre a bowl- ing main for prizes took place on the green of the Elephant Irn. A substantial tea was afterwards partaken of at the Inn,aud the return journey was commenced at eight o'clock, home being reached shortly before eleven The bowling main prizes were then distributed by Mr Boardman

W. T. WILLIAMS' SALE Commences on WEDNES- DAY NBX r, See Windows for Bargains in M ILLINERY,

MANTLES, COSTS, DRESSES. BLOUSES &C., &C.—Sankey: street and Legh-street, Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Co-operative Society.—The New

Branc.h. in Lovely-lane.

Mr Thomns Birchen pre.sided over the quarterly meeting of the Warrington Equitable Industrial Co-operative Society, Limited. which was held in the Co-operative Ht.ll, t.,aukey street, on Monday evening. There were also present—Messrs A H Rathbone (manw.;ing secretary), W Jeffrey, J Shaw Green (auditor), and a fair number of members.— The following rsport was submitted :—" The sales for the quarter amount to .220 979 Os Id., being an increase of £1,545 I9s lid over he corresponding quarter of last year. The profits, after providing for all liabilities, interest on capital, depreciation, Stc, will allow a dividend of th:ee shillings in the on members' purchases. The new branch in Lovely-lane was opened for business on Wedne•day, Jae° 26:1. Your committee have to express their satisfaction with the results of the two wetkW sales just complettA. They look forward with pleasure, because of the splendid position of the shops and the admirable adaptation of the departmsnts with specially large accommodation provided for customers, for a large development of the business lin the near future, and would ask members to kind- ly their influence in recommending their friends and neighbours to join the society, that they also may participate in its benefits.—The Chairman said they bad had another successful quarter, in fact a record quarter: The receipts had amounted to £20,979, which was nearly £4OO over the last quarter, and £1,500 over the similar quar- ter last year. They hat also opened a new branch store at Lovels-'ans. It had not been open quite three full weeks, but it was doing a business of £3OO a week. They had bought two shops at ritock- ton Heath which would need enlarging a litle. The shops were newly opposite St. Thomas's Church. As soon as they were able to get the tenants out of those shops they would commence business. lie said last quarter that they were doing something over £15,000 a year. This quar•er the dividend and in!erest would amount to £16,300. That meant that they were handing to 'he families of purchasers ..£l5 or £l6 a year each. The society was an incen- tive to thrift.—The balance sheet showed that the receipcs from sates had bean £26,979 Oa Id, whilst the expenditure for goods was .C 20,809 4s 5d.. It was proposed to pay a dividend of £3,778 lOs 9d.— The (Mailman moved, and Mr Jeffrey seconded, that the balance sheet be accepted, and it was carried unanimously.—Four members of 'the Committee, Messrs Jeffrey, Williams, Albinson, and Wadsworth' retired ; but were eligible for re-election.—On the proposition of Mr Emmerson,seconded by Mr Crow- ther, they were re-elected.

S. MICHAEL'S CHI7RCH, RUNCORN The annual sermons were preached on Sunday. The morning service was conducted by the Rev E S Oliver, who took for his text " Behold, my servants shall sing for joy of heart:. In the afternoon a flower service was conducted by the Rev W II Stables, who gave an address to the cldldren. Gifts of flowers were presented by the scholars, which were afterwards distributed to the sick poor of the parish. In the evening, when there was a good congregation, the pulpit was occupied by the Rev T S Lea, of St. Ambrose, Widnes. He took for his text, the words "Young men and maidens, old men and children, let them praise the name of the Lord." Before the service a neital was given by Mr W Groun,ls, cones jag of " Andante " and " Allegretto " (Mendelesohn) and " Cappriccio " (Caripocci). The choir rendered the Cantata Deus, by Vincent, and the anthem, " 1 will call upon the Lord," with the chorus, "Glorious is Thy name," by Mr zart. This was a splendid effort, the parts being admirably sustained by the following :—Messrs S Blundell, S Joynson, W Hop wood,and NI asters Percy Ridge, James Hill, and W Dutton. Special hymns we-e also sung. Mr W Grounds presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19010719_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
Latchford Baptist Church.

The Rev DO Dtvie3 pre ached the annual sermons in connection with the above place of worship on Sunday, when there were good co ragregatims especially at the evening service. A young people's:service was held in the morning, when the children were addressed by Mr Wells, one of the deacons. Mr DO Davies's earnest and thoughtful discourses secured the rapt attention of his hearers. Special hymns were rendered by the choir,and tha collections amounted to over £1.5.—0n Tuesday the annual school trip took place, whbo a visit was paid to frodsham, AboAt 250 scholars and friends assembled at the schools early in the morning and proceeded by 'bus to the pretty Cheshire village,. They were under the care of the pastor, the Rev J F Matthews and Mr Samuel Albinson. The day was enjoyably spent in games and other amusements.

J. FOOLE, r

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANUIdi

MANUFACTURNR, ALLEN-STRRET, WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEenums :—TOOLB, WARRINGTON.. TELEPHONE No. 222.

7. ;

I

iv Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joint WAillir CO. at The Examiner General Printing Works • Beiviod street, and published by them at the none Pgod also at the The Examiner Offices. Victoria-road. reeo 32, 0-corps-street, ST. HELENS and 3. Mariotlogh HABLESTOWN," In the County of Lancaster andalso ati it. RUNCORN in the County of Chester, JULY 19 1901.

a li V 8 8 8

't,

11( at

I

13(

o 1 Itc 18:

I

a. p,

1,1 k e

1:11

sea sher ,OVet after iyeiciana zloneul at g fearfully. .s CIILORO- AND IMITA- WOOD stated MO j, the inventor ct y of the defendanit 'filch he regretted tO ,th July, 1864. and 4e. 63. None la J. COLLIS BROWNS'S ment Stamp. Overwhelm, snlea each bottle ANGLO AMERICA DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL). LID. 13RINCES ROAD, KR WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. CLASS _DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. ..ITU3 AND CONSULTATIONS FREE.

i

===== 0002601_19010719_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
13 OLD-STREET WIA:SLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 21sT. At 10.30 Rev. 11. G ROBERTS. At 6.30 Rev. C. H. HOC KEN. All welcome. Hymn Books provided

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices as ed by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 408.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. 'MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries sty : Actual tnabufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General Bays Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Otiginal Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ATTEND AT St HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 ID 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 ID 6.

1:111CORN FOOTBALL CLUB.—A SPECIAL GENERAL MRETING of the Members will be hold at A EILEY'S.BEIDri•E-STRlOU,Runcorn, on rUESDAY UV/MING-. AUGUST 131 h. 1901, at 7.33 o'clock, for the pur- tb:se of considering the advisability of increasing the Mem- rs Subscriptions. Proposed by the Committee:—Delete Rule 5 and substitute following : —The Annual Subscription shall be, 0-rand ..land,Ps 6d (including admittance to the ground.) Reserved Ts 6d. sePeason Tickets (not transferable) to admit to the unre- :764 Portion of the ground to witness all fixtures, with the g`eePtion of the Northern Union Cup Ties, shall be issued at each. Boys (under 15 years of age), 2:1 6d. Stand Is 6d eXtins, By Order, J. ELLISON, Secretary.

pA R R'S BANK, LIMITED.—NOTICE IS nu HEREBY GIVRN, that an EXTRAORDINARY ERAL MBETING OF THIS COMPANY will be ;so at the BANK PRIMISOS, WINWICK-STREKT, ARRINGTON, on THURSDAY, the 25th day of ,717, 1901. at Twelve o'eloolr noon, for the purpose deelaring dividends to be payable on the 18t 7:l7Gussr and ht NOVBSIBBR ;and conducting the Ordinary <soignee' of the Company. The TRANSFRR BOOK 3 will be CLOSED from WED- t;ZsDa.r. 17th JULY, to THURSDAY, 25th a ULY both '434 Inclusive. By order, JOHN DUN, General Manager. Bvthllomew-Nne, London, 8.C., 15th July, 1901. WARRINGTON CRICKET CLUB SECOND ANNUAL SPORTS WILL TA llg PLACE ON - SATURDAY NEXT, JULY 20TH, ON TIM CRICKET GROUND. ADMISSION 6D AND Is. STANDS EXTRA. SPECIAL ATTRACTION. • 41AND DI 3PFAY OF D tYLIGHIT FIRSOFORKS.

A. AND jvi, M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSM/THS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Chnrch•street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF GENUINE JEWELLERY SILVER. PLATE &O. ALWAYS ON SALE. State your wants and we will forward you lowest quotations by return post. A PEW SPECIAL BARGAINS IN GENT'S GOLD CHAINS. Every Chain is Solid Gold, and Government Stamped on every link. We will forward any article on approbation and return the Cash in full for any article not approved of. A NEAT Set. GOLD CURB CHAIN at 265, another at 35s another at 478 6d and up to £5 10s. ' Very Massive 180 T. OPEN LINK CHAIN £ll 10s (written guarantee to lend £9 10s at any time on this Chain), another 9ct. Chain with Sovereign Pendant £5 10s, (written guarantee to lend £4 5s on it at any time). Al 'LA IN E'S, RICHMOND S I'RE ET, L I VERPOOL.

ROYAL LANCASHIRE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. Patron— , f 14;?' ME MAJESTY THE RING. President— SIR DAVID DANTBLEt BART, D.X. SHOW AT ST. HELENS, JULY 25th, 26th, and 270, 1901. .£2,528 IN PRIZES. 14..110ne Leaping over Hurdles and Water, Polo Bending re. Driving Competitions, linter Making Competitions, 4,11 Lectures, Machinery in Motion, and numerous other • motions. ADMISSION: First Day, 2s 6d ; Second Day, le 6d ; Third Day, Is. Children Half Price. Excursion Trains from all parts. Purther particulars from EDWARD BOHANE, Secretary. Teienhone No 365 Preston. Miller Arcade, Preston. '"---L.Vraphic Address B, bane. Preston." LANCASTER AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. -- WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 218 T, 1501. TPRESIDENT, LEE BOOKER, Esq., J.P. rit ANNUAL SHOW will be held in the GIANT AXE FIELD, on the above date, when upwards of anZ Will be given in CASH PRIZEL also many Valuable °Vali for CATTLE, SHEEP, HORSES. LBAPERS,TURN - IS. DOGS, POULIRY, and FARM PRODUCE. 6. e Special Features, in addition to the Ordinary Prizes, boerthe President's Special Prizes for Cattle. Sheep, and ii:onses: Lord Asistonis Specials. ansoanting to En ; Colonel 8 ter offers Three Specials one In each Horse Section ; Special Prize for Local Hunters, rg,igv,enE.bqy. G 3 Hornny. Captain Ortarod ; Special Prizes presented y Hici„ and W Mitchell, Ebsq.. Shire and flacklieY Horse Society's Medals, Milk Kittens Turn-outs, and other Valuable SPeclals. ENTRIES FINALLY CLOSE ON WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7TH. No ESTE ENTRIES. SCHEDULES NJW READY THOMAS ARMITSTEAD As SON, Secretaries. Auctioneers & Valuers, Lancaster.

• 6/6 AND 8/6 I PLEAD GUILTY To selling three pairs of Gentlemen's Boots for the profit or one, but the boys are coming from far and near to back up my effort to produce really stylish boots at these two price.. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, AND BRANCHES, LIVERPOOL.

b6IIQEG PARDON, EXCUSE 111 E, BUT WHERE DID—," "OK, YES 1 ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' • 'THANK YOU." ERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS 0 Every workman should have one of HACIUB'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 131. (to measure) TROUSEIR3, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO. LIMITED, 65, HyrOrG-theet, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

- 1-LLIIMINATHD ADDRESI63, Dll-SrAMPING Fan-Similes of Handwriting. Typewriting, plans, quan title. &a., copied and lithographed.--Baooga Aim Sm. Law Stationers 11. Queen-street, Warrington.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH. MOUNTED ON GOLD, PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, &a, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. F. HIGHAM ATTENDS AT MRS. BAIRD 17, LEGH-STREEr, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 84, OXFORD-STREET, ST. HELENS. VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TAOICLEI.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss 5d : Hooke to gut. 6dland 84 per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to is 64 per dozen ; gut Casts, three yards 244, 44, 64 and 9d each; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached ore yard 24 two yards 44,three yards 64; Floats,two for Id; procupines Id each; gentles In stook at 3d, 84 and is per be: WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE. MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

LIVERPOOL. & NORTFI WALES. DAILY 5101tNING SAILINGS (Sundays included). tjuST TUDBO daily From Prince's Landing stage, at tu, for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge allowing about four hours ashore at Llandudno, and due back abcut 730 p m Sat (Low Fares). a 0 urdays.—Liandudno, 10 0 a.m. 11 0a m , 1.30 p in. and Pan• To Menai Straits. II oam and 1.30 p.m. 4 'undays.—Llandudno and Menai Straits, 10 40 a.m, 11 10 IL:tad 2 45 P Po lloat from North Wales on Mondays due Liver- L 15 a m., returning at 215 p.m. to above places. r Fares and all further particulars apply to the Liverpool -'`u North Wales Steamship Dopapany, Limited, T G Brew, Secretary, 20.Water4treet, Liverpool. Official Guide, post free. 23 ; or with Map. 3d.

LIVERPOOL AND DOUGLAS STEAMERS, LTD alicorth CALAIS-DOUVRES or LILY FIRST 3/6 Sails daily from PRINCE'S 516 L E ANDING-STAG at 10.45 from "TEEN. DOUGLAS 4.5. RETURN. SAILS DAILY, SUNDAYS EXCEPTED. EXTRA JULY SAILINGs. To DOUGLAS, SATU.DAY, July 20 at 3.30, afternooa. T,..0 DOUGLAS, SATURDAY, July 27 at 3.30. afternoon. rrom DOUGLAS, MONDAY, July 22 at 7.30 morning. VrOmiDOUGLAS, MONDAY, July 29 at 7.33 morning. NONCES. t,Parties living in the country will do well to hook only to erpool per rail, and then take return ticket per CALAIS- she/UVRIIS or LILY on Prince's stage, and gave Many tilliings. The steamers' funnels are painted white with 'tea band round too. Season Tickets now ready. 25s each. tite.RDING-STAGE ; or WALKER'S, 53, Whitecbapel , verpool. Tickets available up to the let September. ,k 4,1 EXPir"

R. CLAMP AND DON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVEL LING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6a, 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ON' MAN _ -------WIG'LESS MAIL SESAM RS (Sundays excepted). 6/6 DAY EXCUR7IW S. 6/6 PROM LIVERPOOL. Fliolki DOUGLAS. DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE. (oh, (Sundays excepted). ••• ... 10.30 am and 2pm I Daily .. ...... 9am and 4pm 'Nays 5 pm & 12 30 night !Mondays 12.30 am(Sun.night) Empress Queen' from Liverpool 10.30 a m and from Douglas 4 p m. Pr DAY EXCURSIONS DAILY. 31anchester—F0re Cabin, 6s 6d; Saloon, Sc 6d. ro Liverpool 10.31 am I From Douglas 4pm due about 2pm I Liverpool due ab0ut...7.45 pm SUNDAY IN DOUGLAS (19 hours). silPackets at Day Excursions Fares are issued by Saturday 41Rht steamer, to return Sunday midnight. IrLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS, Daily at 2.15 p.m. Pk** Warrington Train departs 11.44 am. °Od passengers can brelk the journey at Blackpool. tfliPOol, TO RAMSEY, Saturdays, direct, 12.30 noon ; p,."ouglas, Thursdays. and Fridays. 2 p.m. krl4l/LErWooD and RAMSEY, Via Douglas, Mondays,Thursdays' 'ridays, same times as Fleetwood to Douglas. GLASGOW EXHIBITION. 111 Cheap Day Excursions from Douglas. Illitrated programme of Excursions to Glae,gow, Dublin i„elfast, free, postage id. their Luggage. Live Stock, and Goods con- tor,' subject only to the conditions of carriage of the StrrstY, as exhibited in their offices and on board their II MAN STEAM PACKET CO.. LTD., DOUGLAS, GLASGOW EXEIII3ITION- -14 NOLANDS'

TOBACCO, CIGAR. CIuARETTES, SNUFFS MRS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHHST/1 Established Mears

Axr H I T E STAR LINE ...,,,.,, vv ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Qaeenstown. WEDNESDAY SERVICE. FRIDAY SERVICE. GERMANIC Wed., July 24 I CELTIC Fri., July 26 MAJESTIC --Wed., July 31 I CYAIRIC OCEANIC.-- Wed., Aug. 7I CE f.TIC Frt.. Aug. 30 TEUTONIC... Wed., Aug, 14 I CYMRIC SUEVIC, Sat. Aug. 10 (not calling At QUARIDItOWII), Third Class passange at low rates including Outfit free of Charge to New York Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to If MAY. IMRIE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur Street, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall Street, London. 8.C.,

LANCASHIRE 'WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 128 6d. Liverpool Agent: R RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL, CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver and Gold-f 11154 at Lowest Prices Current.

TT G. DOWLING, • ESTATE, INSURANCE COMMISSION AGENT. Office : 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21. Ellesinere•road, Stockton Heath.

JOHN &SON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STR EET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS. Mr. JOHN EMSON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and bone, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRESS :-19, THYNNE-STREET.

HAVE YOU SEEN THE CYCLE INFIRMARY? IF NOT GO AT ONCE AND TAKE YOUR BIKE FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO SMALL OR DIFFICULT. ANY IdAKE'REPAIRED IN A FEW HOURS. B.S.A. OR EADIE CYCLES .£lO 108. GUARANTEED FOR TWO YEAR& NOTE ADDRESS D. H. GUEST, 47, MERSEY-S ME ET. WARRINGTON.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLISM, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGHEY.NessollfTe. Victoria-rd.,Latchlord Bt. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Saadbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnwnrth Mr J. HOLLAND WATSON.lign.srlield House

THH DRlff OFTkill SEASON. SIMPKIN'S concentrated SARSAPARILLA WINE. ' A Product of the Highest Purity aud .fixcellenee.' G. H. Sharpe. F. 0.8. fid. size makes 1 Gallon of Delicious Wine. Sample bottle post free, 9d. ; double size, is. Agents wanted everywbere. Apply to SIMPKIR'S SARSAPARILLA BREWERY, Walthamstow.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE ? LANCASHIRE I)ENTAL INSTITUTE, 135, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.] WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

WHOLESALE', DEPOT. SAM N. GREEN, (FoR 17PWARDEI OF 18 YEARS WTTEC SKELTON'S, LTD. WHOLESALE GENERAL DEALER AND FURNISHING IRONMONGER: LONDON, EIRDIINGIIAM. MANCHESTER. AND SHEFFIELD GOODS. MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnbll7. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Oanistet 6d.. 10d.., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GIiDDIIB AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOD ESTABLISHIID 1833.

GENUINE 13ARGAINS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT AT YE SIGN OF YE GLOVE. HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S, GREAT SUMMER SALE. SURPLUS SUMMER STOCK 70 BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST. EXTRAORDINARY PURCHASES 07 MANUFACTURERS' CLEARING LINES AND TRAVELLERS' SAMPLES AT SWEEPING DISCOUNTS. DESPERATE REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. GLOVES, HOSIERY, LADIES' SHIRTS. BLOCS ES. CORSETS. SKIRTS, APRONS, CAPS, UNDERCLOTHING, BABYLINEN, UMBRELLAS, SUNSHADES, FEATHER AND COQUE Boa.s, MADE-UP SILK AND LACE GOODS, PIECE LACES, VEILINGS. ENEROIDERIES, RIBBONS, LADIES' FANS, BELTS, GARTERS, BAGS. PURSES, COMPANIONS, COMBS, SACHE TS, BUCKLES, JEWELLERY, PERFUMERY. Ac., Ace. UP-TO-DATE ENGLISH AND FRENCH MILLINERY AT ONE QUARTER THE REGULAR VALVE. SALE ON MONDAY NEXT. AND FOLLOWING DAYS, AT HENRY IVIILES AND COMPANY, AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE." 25 AND 25A, CHURCH STREET. (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL.) LIVERPOOL. rTzLEPaorm 7385.1

GRAND NEW OF ASSORTMENT KERB SUITES BRASS, BLACK AND COPPER, BLACK AND BRASS OR STEEL, WITH FIRE BRASSES, STO.P AND DOGS ALL COMPLETE. ALL NEW DESIaNS AT SPECIAL CUTTING PRICES. PENDLEBURY AND CO. 12 AND 14, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

• W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED. SUMMER SALE COMMENCES TUESDAY NEXT, JULY him 1 A MAGNIFICENT STOCK WILL BE OFFERED AT THIS SALE. which Ladies will find to be an excellent opportunity for buying. UPWARDS of 20,C00 yards of BLACK and COLOURED DRESS FABRICS. ABOUT 15,000 yards of RICH BLACK and COLOURED BILKS. A LARGE NUMBER of handsome BLACK and COLOURED ROBES. ABOUT 250 MANTLES, JACKETS and WATER— PROOFS. A NUMBER of high-class Tailor-made COS- TUMES. THE entire stock of TRIMMED MILLINERY at half price to clear. _A SPLENDID STOCK of Ladles' CAMBRIC, SPUN SILK, and WOOLLEN UNDER- CLOTHING. ABOUT Moire, 120 Ladies' UNDERSKIRTS in Silks, Muslin, etc. (Borne rare bargains) 2ro PAIRS of high-class CORSETS, all our e.. 1 regular goods at greatly reduced prices. AN ENORMOUS STOOK of HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY, comprising Table Linen., Sheets, Counterpanes, Pillow Cases, Blankets. Towels, Tapestries, Cretonnes, Fancy Linen and Lace Goods, etc.. etc. UPWARD 3 of 350 Pairs of CURTAINS to be Cleared, various kinds. SEVERAL THOUSANDS of yards of Beautiful LAOES, SWISS EMBROIDERIES. A SPLENDID STOCK OF LACE COLLARS, BOLEROS. TIES, and the long, now Fashionable, RUFFLES for Clearance. ABOUT 85 dozen pairs of KID and other GLOVES, all greatly reduced in price. 150 UMBRELLAS and SUNSHADES to be cleared. A splendid lot. SEVERAL HUNDRED PAIRS of Ladies' and Children's Cashmere and Spun SILK HOSE for Clearance. • BARGAINS in TRAVELLING TRUNKS. BAGS. HOLDALLS, /Sc. SEVERAL THOUSANDS of yards of TRIMMINGS FANCY BRAIDS, Ac., Ac. W H ODGICINSON, LIMITED, 46,. AND 48, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON.

TO BE OPENED ON SATURDAY, JULY 27TN, 1901, THE PREMISES 57, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. (NEXT DOOR TO THE BRITISH WORKMAN), WITH A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF STYLISH CLOTHING. BOY'S SMART SUITS A SPECIALITY.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 • LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMIT.IIS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (DT ALL THE LEADING MAYERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old acid and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Mosey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, dm., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THE SPRING IS WITH LS. MEN'S SPaING SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. YOUTHS' SPRING SUITS STYLISH AND WELL CUT. BOYS' SPRING SUITS LATEST 1901. SPECIAL DESIGNS. ALL GOODS OUR OWN MARE. ALL PRICES FIXED ON FIRST COST. Le YOU THINK THERE IS NOTHING NEW UNDER THE SUN, JUST PAY A VISIT TO THE M.C.D. 8, AND 10, HORSEHARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. THE NOVELTIES IN CLOTHING THEY ARE SHOWING WILL ASTONISH YOU. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARI: TX STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT STOC-TAKING SALE, THIS DAY AND UNTIL JULY 31st. AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES,T . LIVERPOOL. IMPORTANT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

THE LOW PRICES All purchases over 40s. delivered SEND FOR FREE CO any railway station in ARE FOR CASH ONLY. Great Britain. SALE CATALOGUE.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, • 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PRAMS MASER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. imitable for Wedding and Birthday Preeents, School Prizes, to. Terms Moderate. A PINS CULLER:MIMI OF raoroGRAPHs for Orystolenm and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORREINS -- INKS. . 31.1. , • . • (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW.STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

J. •Sz W. DUTTON* 16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. THE SUMMER SALE WILL COMNBNCE ON MONDAY EXT, J JIJLY 15TH, AND CONTINUE TILL END OF MONTH. THE ENTIRE STOCK WILL BE REDUCED IN PRICE FOR THE SALE. J. & W. DUTTON, 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY-S I REET, WARRINGTON:

of Trading have yielded most satisfactory results, and our business has been built up by systematic- 11, ally keeping faith with our Customers. In other words—by fulfilling all that we promise in our • advertisements, and by giving utmost value for money, the purchaser returns to buy again. Once a Customer always a Customer. Naturally 0117 business is still growing, • .AN 11111/1,-000 4 • • have that happy knack of making countless is friends wherever they go. We merely outline their merits—the goods do the rest. They are made in 7, our own light, airy workrooms, and here are a few of their good points : they are amply full in al size (not the skimpy, slop-made rubbish of un- scrupulous traders), most accurate in fit and cut, , and THREE .GOLD MEDALS have been awarded us for excellence of make and finish. Do you wonder that our business keeps growing? The prices are so easy too, and cannot fail to SUIT yo We should like to send o , our PICTURE LISTS OF COSTUMES. PICTURE LISTS OF MANTLES. PICTURE LISTS OF UNDERWEAR. PICTURE LISTS OF BLOUSES, and, in fact. Picture Lists of any or all the Goods we mauufactnre and distribute. May we send them, Post Free.? Simply drop us a Postcard, mentioning this nzwspaper and addressed— JOI1N\•• NOBLE, LTD PICTURE MI JEPIMANCHESTER eßaov ST MILL.

, OUR --, . SKIN How to Preserve Purify and Beautify the Skin and Complexion. - To preserve, purify, and beautify the skin, and prevent pimples, blotches, blackheads, redness, roughness, yellow, oily, mothy skin, chapping, and many other forms of skin blemishes, no other skin or complexion soap is <1 for a moment to be compared with CIITTICURA SOAP, because no other soap reaches the cause, viz., the dogged, irritated, or injlamed condition of the ?OBEs SAY . , , . ~ I , HAIR, • How to Prevent Falling Hair Scalp • Humours and Dandruff. , Cleanse the scalp and hair thoroughly with a warm shampoo of CM-. MIA SOAP, rinse with warm watei, dry carefully, and apply alight dressing of Curicundi, purest of emollients, gently rubbed into the scalp. This simple, refreshing, and inexpensive treatment will clear the scalp and hair • of crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothedrritated, itching surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, supply the roots with energy and nourishment, and make the hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, and healthy scalp, when all else fails. .E YOUR HANDS . ' , , How to Make the Hands Soft and • ' White in a Single Night. , Bathe and soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot lather of CUTIOLTRA SOAP. Dry thoroughly and anoint freely with CUTICITRA Ointment, tee ' < great skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear during the night old, loofa , kid gloves with. the finger ends cut off. For red, rough, chapped hands, i , dry, fissured, itching, feverish palms, shapeless nails, with painful finger ' , ends, this one night treatment is simply wonderful and a blessing to all '. afflicted with sore, chapped, rough, or tender hands. Cuticura Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, consisting of Cumouna Soar (le.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and The se, as. Aft scales and soften the thickened cuticle, CITTICURA OINTMENT (2s. 6d.), to instantly allay itching, inflammation, and irritation, and soothe and heal, and CUTICURA RESOLVENT (2s. 6d.), to cool and cleanse the blood. A SINGLE SET is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, and humiliating skin, scalp, and blood humours, with loss of hair, when all else fails. Sold throughout the world; or, postpaid of F.NEWBERY & SONS, 27, Charterhouse Square, London, E. C. "All about the Skin, Scalp, and Hair," poet tree. POTTER DREG AND CHEM. CORP., Sole Props., CUTICIIBA REMEDIES. ....

NORTHERN UNION. Northern League Fixtures, An important meeting of the committee of this body was held on Tuesday evening at the Spread Bagle Hotel, Man- chester, air J Oldford p.esiding. A sub—committee consist- ing of NOIIIIIII 3 Clifford, F Lister and 3 Platt was appointed to confer with a sub-committee of the Yorkshire ceulor Competition with a view to removing the present deadlock In Yorkshire football. , The • following permits were granted :—D TraynOr. St. Helens. to play with Swinton; 3 T Traynor, Whitworth, to play ,witih Leigh; Graham Hewlok, James Berry, Chester College, J P Upton, Chester College. to play with Broughton Bangers, The question of' A" teams competition was deferred to the next meeting The most Important business of all was the completion of the fixtures for the forthcoming season. The official list is as follows

_ SION COOL AND REFRESHED 4,05 0-S- -44 - entirely removes. 8, izeg' prevents all SUNBURN, HEAT, ' IRRITATION & ROUGHNESS Bottles M.BEETHAM 3- SON_ 61,1s.,ana2sZa. CHELTENHAM.

FOR HIGH-CLASS PROVISIONS H. P. DATIBISIIIRE'S, 50, HORSEMARRICT-STREBT. WARRINEITON,

SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! SEEDS! 1! YOH VEGETABLE, FLOWER AND FARM SEND TO STARKEY D MORRISON, GOLDEN SQUARE, WARRINGTON. CATALOGUES FREE Ty POST.

fILAS ISLE OF BAN, LINDSAY'S BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT, Empress Drive, Central Promen- ads,and close to all places of amusement. Trams pass. Full board 6s. per day. Allowance dining out. OUGLAB.—CHALMERS' kYORK BOARDING-HOUSE. CASTLE-TERRACE. CENTRAL PROMENADE, facing sea. Tariff on application, Late dinner. DOUGLAR, DOVER HOUSE, MONA DRIVE, Central Promenade, close to places of Amusement and Bathing Grounds, • Trams pass door. Termsi 8s to 6s per day.—H. ARENSBERG, Proprietor.

TSUI OF DlAN.—When driving to PEEL AND GLEN HELEN, DINE at the GLEN HELEN HOTEL. Three course dinner Is 61 ; teas any hour ; string band plays while you dine. Full board 6s 6d a day.

DOIIGLAF —EMPIRE BO3.RDING HOUSR,Castle Mona, Central Promenade, close to places of amusement and bathing grounds;. trams pass door ; term a 83 6d to 6s per day.—Mrs KELLY. Proprietress. DOUGLAS. GRERAWOOD BOARDING ROUSH. First house on promenade, unequalled position, facing sea. Visitors will find this house most comfortable. Very moder- ate terms.—Apply IL WILLIAMION, Proprietress. Telegrams "Gymnasium."

A BERYSTWITH HOTEL WESTMINSTER. high class family and commercial private hotel; central; H sod C bath ; electric light; cycle stalls ; dark room ; every horse comfort; moderate tariff.—E

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 10 LUDGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON EQUARIL HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINBSS AND QUIET- CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNICSIDS HYDRO, Physielan Dr BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every eomfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. I. BOOCOOK, Proprietor. PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE AN." !STANCE. BAR TABLES. COUNTER:. FITTINGS Ac.

HENDRY'S " ROTHESAY " 15 AND 16, LOCH PROMENADE. DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, PRIVATE HOTEL AND BOARDING-HOUSE. Six o'clock Dinner. Terme from be. per day (inclusive), R. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTUARANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRII‘GToN PEOPLE). SPROIAL TERMS FOR PICNIC PARTIES. ZS, CHAPEL-STREET.

INTENDING VISITORS TO NEW BRIGHTON WILL DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT W EBSTER'S PIER CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to suit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) specially catered for. Write at once for Terms.

DLAUKYUOU.—tdre JACKSON, 10, Brunswick-street South Beath; near sea, Central Statiod, and amuse ments APARTaiENTEI ; bed and waiting for two, 2s daily piano. pLACKPOOL.—APARTMBBTS, close to sea and Central tier ; off promenade, Mrs MaaleOLD, 24.YorksbIre-st,

MORECAMBE. B.S.—Desirable APAR rMENTS, delight- ful situatioa, view of bay and mountains. 7 minutes from London and North Western Station.—MfasEB HILL, 93, Thornton-road.

AH HOM from HOME, Sheffield House. 4 Walpole Avenue Victoria Pier, near Jubilee Clock Douglas, i PART- MENTS with or without board, full board 5s 6cl Tea, Bed and BreakfAst 33 6d.—Mrs. TAYLOR.

nOUGLAS. ISLE OF MAN.—COMFORTABLE APART- MENTS, with or without board, at PRAIBIIRTON HOUSE, 6 EMPRESS DRIVE. Central Promenade. Also Private Sitting Rooms —Mrs EASTMAM, PrOprletrtss. MORFOLK BROADS are now beautiful. Seen only at their 11 beet horn yacht or wherry. Pine cabined boat.. sleeping tour, from £6 6s. Reliable skippers. Also charm- ing Furnished Residence to let for July,—H DAR% London- street, Norwich

PPLACKPOOL. Apartments ; home comforts. istch without board. Close to Central Station. sea. and all places of amusement. Putno.—Dirs HALL and DIVEY. 34, Horny rOad.

- UoLACKPOOL. Apartments; home comforts with or I/ without bard • Close to Central Station, sea, and all places of (amusement. Plano —Mrs S. ELTCLIrrE,SS. GroN'e Place, Chapel-street.

BLACKPOOL —Superior House. with or without board 1.1 Buffs, Foresters, and all made most welcome—Send for circular; PALMER, 93, Albert-road. LACKPOOL—Maa I BAILToN, 67 Palatine-road. APART- MBNTI3 with or without board. Near Central Station and amusements. Terms moderate. Piano.

RBYL (North Wales).—Miles of sound clean sands ; finest promenade ; sea-bathing Incomparable; music. moderate terms —Lists (penny stamp) SECRETARY, Town Committtee, Rhyl.

DATING GUEST received (invalid or otherwise) in pretty _L detached Cheshire Country villa, comfortable Christian borne, attention could be given by lady or gentleman, every convenience, liberal table, terms moderate, sweet country.— K; " Woodbine Villa," Lymm, Cheshire.

A PARTNIENTS or FURNISHED ROUSH, It miles from Ll_ station, lovely country, easy distance from noted Pwlibeli beach, three bedrooms, one sitting-room, one dining-room, kitchen and pantry:-2rs EDWARDS, Rhos- bach, N.W.

,TAISIES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAC+II-STRHICT, LIVERPOOL, Have for Sale £BO3 Dock Bond 3 per cent. due 1911.105 Owen Owen 4i per cent. Preference. 50 Edward Young and Co.. (Distillers); 10 }lent Thompson, Preference ; 50 Harmsworth Bros., 5 per cent. preference ; 10 Mersey Rail- way. Ordinary ; 50 New St. Helens Tram, .Ordinary ; 50. James Cottle, Preference. Telephone 6,613.

TU be disposed of, A good FISH and LIMP 13u51ness. Marble slab window. two panes. A. week's trial allowed. For further particulars apply TRAM TERMINUS, 107, Oldhan:- road, Miles Platting. Manchester.

Ingoing, (Wales). Partly Furnished Ten-Roomed k./ HOUSE, SHOP, and STUDIO ; most conspicuous in the high street, suitable for photographer, or Boarding House, Handsome Frontage.—Address, H.S., ExAm/NEI; OFFICE, Warringtm.

RYDER LLOYD AND Ca. BUSINESS BROKERS AND VALUERS. OLD HAYMARKET, LIVERPOOL, (Est. 1837) BUSINESSES of all kinds BOUGHT. SOLD or VALUED (any distance) at MODERATE and FIXED CHARGES. BUYERS SUITED FREE. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. Advice free. Stock-in-trade of any description purchased. CALL, WRITE, OR TELEPHONE 010

31ori5e0, garriageo. VI SALK. Draper'. HAWKING VAN.—Apply 518, 0112. f• MIRK-ROAD, Pemberton, near Wigan.

- - TO BE SOLD, good Circular HANSOM, rubber tyres; 1 and half-bred Clydesdale HORSE, and HARNESS Apply 58, SHAKESPEARE-STREET, Everton. Liverpool.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. 2iDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- ahle Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. H. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. TOOT OF THE CENTRAL BTATIOS. MANAGER : JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MF.RSEY STREET WARRINGTON. TRW ABOVE COMPANY Is PBEPALED TO fidV%63o Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH. DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED, NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATEBNTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advance, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR To TEE HEAD OFFICE :- 00, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

_ THOMAS DOMVILLE PAWNBROKER JEWELLER AND CLOTHIER , 31A rRIESTLEY-STREET. BANK QUAY. WARRINGTON. Money LENT on WATCHES. CHAINS, DIAMOND RINGS, JEWELLERY. and all KINDS of FURNITURE. Below is given a few of our special lines in forfeited pledges .26 6s. ifIrVER Splendid Silver iignigil ENGLISHeLever . Made by Thomas Russell and Son noted makers to the Queen. Specially made to order, fully capped and jewelled compen- sation balance, in extra strong, heavy plain polished, silver damp proof cases. Russells 25 years official warranty, this is a bargain seldom met with. 225. 6D,double; BRASSa CU: Beial fastdesign Brasses to match only 7s 11d. worth ; just forfeited a very Handsome 6s/S. LADY'S LONG GOLD GUARD no worse than new ; will sacrifice for 6.55. .23 wwormthETdoTuAblßeHas?adirrawoefrve iLrypihecaendsiwamineg 10S. glass ; tile back; a bargain and in new condition. Just forfeited a First Class SILVER LEVER r_Yr/S. WATCH. Gent's Flat Crystal Glass; Gold Hands and a perfect timekeeper; made by those famous makers Graves and Sons. Sheffield. No worse than new, S. D. Worth double. Just forfeited. As I_7 6 amble TAPESTRY CARPET, 3yd by 3, in capita , a sacrifice. 40 S hWa nodrstohm 5e et AD guineas. L it Just GOLDustfo GeßitNed.A r very/ln T RING, set with diamonds and sapphires of t!.e finest quality only wants seeing. Payments taken. VER- -383. 6D. MANTEL STANDS, iNlatn Magnificent SW. highaluu atnfl wide, with Bevelled Plate Glass centre ; surrounded by eight other Bevelled Mirrors. A bargain seldom met with. NOTE THE ADDRESS. 3IA, PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. CARRIAGE PAID ON ALL ORDERS. LETTERS ATTENDED FEB RETURN OF POST.

TIRESSMARBRS.—Send for samples of the latest Novelty .L./ in Waveltedge Velvet Ribbons.-19, ItoLsoutr VIAD UCT, London, B.C. Room 26. Quote paper.

u EBB I 1 Cricket and Football Sets, Cameras. Watches; V Alberts, Bracelets, for selling 9 pieces of jewellery. Send no money.—SPORTS SYNDICATE, Crosscauseway, Edin- burgh.

NIVIITTING. NETTING. Garden Netting. Cricket Nets. Tennis Nets and Game Nets of every description. THOMAS Jonason's, Net Warehouse. 38, Corporetion-street, Manchester.

,JUST PUBLISHED. What every Wife and Mother should know. Plain. Is. 6d. ; coloured, is. 9d. We guarantee genuine edition, " Plain Home Talk" and lists free —Boost SUPPLY COY., 34, Balaton-lane, London.

HOMR WORK, by he quickest, simplest, and latert im proved Earth Knitting Machines ; highest wages earned; lists tree..-Hlntisorr MACIEINE CCM, Ltd., 48 Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

OLC COPPER Braes, Lead, and other description of Old Metal; highest prices and immediate cash.—H HARRIS & Sox. Ltd., Barron's Place. Waterloo-road, H.S. Telephone 1377 Hop. Established 1821.

STROLOGY.— YU PURE FONETOLD ; Marriag LA Childreu,Changes in circumstances,Journevs.L,Tacie Ruling Planet, Bcc.—Send birth date. 12 starops,anel stampe envelope, Mr LLOYD, 5, Victoria-place, Trinity, Edinburgh. fl RWDROPS from the Heather. Scotland's favourite classic perfume ; chnrming. delightful, captivating. A wae-drop presented to friends gives a big drop of pleasure. Post free is. 10., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d.—WALKER. Chemist, daitcoats, N. 13

TO CONTRACTORS, BUILDERS and Others. Special _IL Offer of NAVVY and BOX BARROWS. For prices and all further information.—Apply THE WARRINGTON SLATE CC.. LTD. Builders and Contractors Merchants, 33, Bold Street War;ington.

RHEUMATISM AND PARALYSIS. —Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry. Illustrated pamphlet free col receipt of post- card. Address :—PLEILISHERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints. Manchester.

SUFFERRELS from Genito-Urinary Diseases &O. are invited to communicate with experienced Specializt, who guarantees absolute and rapid cure in ail cases Inviolable secrecy and satisfaction. Stamped address for fullest particu: Iars.—SYLVESTER. epecialist,l7s Blackfriars-rd.,London.S.E.

ARMY BELL TENTS, waterproof canvas, 40ft. in circum- ..CA ference, complete with pole, pegs. mallets, runners. lines, in bag, ready for use, 30s. each. Cish returned if not approved of.— JOHN HYMAN & iCo., 19 Leice.ter-square. London, W. Telephone-2312 Cferrard ; Telegraphic Address —' Realistic, London '

- - - - - - - - II 088 dOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately uaed by the Lancashire Manure CO, with Machinery and 24,42 J square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works equiring spage.—Addrese J HOSKING, 16, Fenwick-street verpool.

L. AT POISON.—Amongst the many preparations now Li offered for the destruction of Nate, Mice, Moles, etc.. Sanford's original" Found DeAd " specialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes Is. 2d., 25., and 3s, post free.—SANFoRD AND Sox, Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

STEEL AND IRON SHOOS AND BUILDINGS-21 superior structures comprising open sheds from 32 by 15ft to 63 by 24ft— hay or grain shed 64 by 24 ; complete buildings from 18 by 10 to 100 by 30 , ornamental pavilion, etc. 30 by 24 ; chapel, mission room, school eta, 50 by 25. Very moderate prices. All erected to inspection at IseAc Dixoor AND Co's Show Yard, tiranby-row, Sackville-street, Blanchester, Of6ce, 1. Cathedral Gates.

itlattnrarg, etc. - UNGINES, Lathes. various machinery. Write giving £4 details of WARIA.—BRITfAriIA ENGINE FACTORY. COl.

SALII —Very Cheap, CONFNCTIONERS MIXING V MACHINE, maker, Morton and Sons, Wishaw, also two steam engines, one Manchester Donkey pump all may be seen in operation,—Apply C COTTON, ticotland-road, Warrington - - _ _

ASPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS, new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 n. Ce ntres bft to 2tfit. Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 2ft square to 121 t by 41t aquare. Drilling Radial and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines, Boilers. Tanks, Wood- working Machinery. etc.—PARTINGTON, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G. WILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Ram 55, MARKET STE KET, MANCHESTER. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK GRATIS.

pATENT OFFION MANCHESTER, BEITAILISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIS & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experienoein connection with this Establish- ment and posses s practicalknowledge of the cotton,woolien and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price fid, "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEOROR DAVIES, OM., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A. 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

MR. TOM BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUEZ-STRRBT, WARRINGTON.

lu R. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, .o_l prepares students for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and H4rmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, MARKET-STREET, Eardestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET. Warringt(

MISS B 11 BOUCHIEH, A.L.U.M., is prepared to receive PUPILS for the Violin. Lessons at own of pupils' residence,or at Mr Wadsworth's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms, &a, on application to 33, WIIITEFIELD-ROAD, Stockton Heath.

W ARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM WILL imam ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TH. The HEAD MASTER will be at home to interview parents on SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7th, and MONDAY, SEP- TEMBER 9th. Preparatory Form for boys from 8 to II years of age. New Chemical Laboratory, Sio. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

COVENTRY CRO.iS CYCLE £lO 10s. £l5 15s. AND £lB 18z. WITH 1901 DUNLOP TYRES, FRODSHAM T. BOOTII CYCLE MOOT ST. HELENS A. H. SMITH, 23, CORPORITIO N STREET. WIDNES W. HOUGHTON, ST. MICHAELS TERRACE, DITTON. EARLESTOWN F. HOLT WARGRAVE-ROAD LYDDA H. COPELAND. CYCLE DEPOT, LIVERPOOL HITCHINGS LTD, 74, BOLD-ST MARC /JESTER DEPOT 134, DEANSGATE. TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 10s. OD. AND £l5 15s. OD SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHIN GS L iITED, 74 BOLD URBAN LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

CITCLBS I CYCLES I I— Immense Bargains. Free Blin- k." trated List containing 1,500 New and Second-Hand Machines from 30s. to £5. Marvellous Bargains in 1901 Machines. Five Hundred New Machines, 1901 Make, from £2 17s. 6d. Single Machine at Wholesale Prices. Access- ories of every description at half usual Price. Large List Free, any address. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.— WASAILOW & Co.. Cycle Manufacturers, Weston-super-Mare.

CYCLES, CYCLES. A LARGE SELECTION OF SECOND-HAND BICYCLES TO NE SOLD. ROVIOLS FROM £3. ROTHWELLS 25. 8.5. A., almost. new .£6 10s. CALL AND INSPECT SAME. CHURCHILL'S CROSS LAND, BARIASTOWN,

R. A. GIMES, (LATH OF THE MERSEY CYCLE WORKS) MANUFACTURER OF THE NEW LION CYCLES, 1 MANCHESTER ROM?, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR ALLARD CYCLES. NICKEL PLATING AND ENAMELLING IN ALL SHADES INCLUDING ALUMINIUM AND OTHER BRONZES. HIGH-CLASS ACCESSORIES kept in Stock. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY TO ANY MAKE OF CYCLE, MACHINES SUPPLIED ON THE GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM.

fYRES! TYRES TYRES ! ! t DETACKABLB NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS TOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade 111 60 each. Old outer covers re-rnbbered with best rubber is each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & CO., LTD.. INDIARUBBER bIANUFACTURBES, 20. LOW BILL LIVERPOOL.

SLADE AND CO's., QYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING WORLD RENOWNED MAKES PREMIER, SIEGER, GLORIA, R. AND P., MOHAWK, JAMES. AND GLOBE CYCLES. Price List tree on application. Repairs and Sundries Free Wheels fitted. Cycles on hire Telephone 7094.

BY MR. JOBIV CROOXALL. -- NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. rro BF, SOLD BY AUCTION ny MIL, JOHN cuIooKALL at the WELLING ON HOTEL, EARLESTOWN on TUESDAY the 30th DAY of JULY. 1901 at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, subject to the Gammon Form Conditions of the Preston Incorporated Law Society and the Vendors special conditions the following leasehold property ALL THAT DWELLINGHOUSE AND SALESHOP in the occupation of ffirs. Banks as tenant and THE DWELLINGHOUSE ADJOINING in the occupation of Thomas Hassey as tenant TOGETHEN with the STABLES and OTHER ERECTIONS in the rear of the above and the VACANT LAND ADJOINING THERETO. The whole of the above property is situate in Newton-le-Willows, and has a frontage of 90 feet or thereabouts on the North to the Highway leading from St. Helens to Newton-le-Willows and is estimated to contain 900 square yards or thereabouts. The property is held on lease for the term of 999 years created by an Indenture dated the 27th day of September 1867 at the yearly rent of £5 12s 65. All coals and minerals under the property are reserved. For further particulars apply to the Anctioneer,42, Londoo- street, Fleetwood, or to the andersigned, at whose office a Plan of the property and the said Indenture of Lease and Special conditions of sale may be seen prior to the date of Sale. TURNER AND SONS, Solicitors. 12, Fox-street, Preston.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S WILD AND BITTER ALES lI,LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTER 9 WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be bad In CASE or BOTTLES f rom B. CUNNINGHIAM' WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGh CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. MORES. OWEN STREET.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stook and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVIII9 SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock, A handsome present given to each pur• chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—HUSTANCH AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 4.3, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

FISH FRIERS TAKE NOTICE MC DERITOTT GRIMSBY FISH SHOP, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON, use BEEN SELLING COD AND FLUKE (NONE BETTER) THIS LAST WEEK AT 28, 6n. PER SCORE, AND WILL DO THE SAME THIS NEXT WEEK. FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALE, -SPECIAL- & 94.—PaIr of Elegant THEATRE GLASSES. 41 6d.—Pair of FIELD GLASSES. in nice condition. 61 9d —Pair of FIELD or THEATRE GLASSES (powerful). 6s 9d per Pair.-300 Pairs of Elekant 5-year Gold-filled SPECTACLES and FOLDERS ; different sights. 8s 6d.—Long-range TELESCOPE. 42s Ed.—Powerful Brass (Day and Night) TELESCOPE with Tripod Stand and Case; a great b rgain. Front 4s Ed.-60 Gents HAND BAGS, equal to new. 18s 6d.—DRILLING MACHINE; 10e 6d, ANVIL 38s 64 Blacksmith's BELLOWS and FORGE. Also LEO VICES. &c. AT HUGHES BROTHERE', PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS. 116 TO 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. TELEPBONE 5,171.

THE SAFEST MEDICINE FOR BILIOLS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGEOTION, Wan. SPASMS, Y. SUL BIitATA, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LOS OP APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSPEPSIA, HICA.p,T. BUNN, LOWNESS OY SPIRITS, Ginn/WOO, &C. ' AS A GEBBRAL FAMILY APBRIENT MEDIDINS I) B. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE U NEWALLED, being 'composed of the inett Drugs that Can ',LS" obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they ars certain in their curative effects. They give an healthy tone mid vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activtty, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCUTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead,but insist upon hayinglhe rightthing, which last-tapped in a square green package, By Post for 14 or 34 stamp,: _

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. REMOVING TO DEANSGATE LEECH BROS. & Ca. Al 30 YEARS' TRADING are now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH BARGAINS Gas Fittings, Ac. ' 25 p c. dis. Clocks. Bronzes, ke Marble Mantelpieces 2O Grates,. Ranges, Builders' and Furnishing Ironmonge - horticultural Implements Garden Seats, Roll Or 8, Mowing Machines, lec., ac., 20 & 22 OLD ATILLGATE, MANOHESMR. Telephone 891.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs in GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OP THE MOST RELIABLE PIN DM AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKEEPERS. SILVER KkYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men. £2 Is. (Guaranteed). A Very Large Selection of CLOCKS. SILVER and ELECTRO PLATH. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, M'ANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

KEND AL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTO Telegrams. " Kenrnii." Telephone, 1,746. BUSINESS HOURS. 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2) LETTER 1. HAV CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS f ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONO WILL BE ATTENDED TO AT Ba, ST. JOHN-STREEI, DEANSGATE. -- KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTO.

THE EXAMINER. JULY ,19th, 1901.

WE PUT THIS HERE BECAVE YOU'LL BEE IT AND To REM/ND YOU THAT FOR GOOD BOOTS FOR BYBAYBODY. In all the Latest Styles ivid at the Lowest Prices. ALP FAY LO, CANNOT BE BEATEN. 45, IJORSBYLiaIiKIiTi STRUBP, WARRYNGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OwN TOWNSMAN.

2/6 P H(BOTTILII Pi NI RU DI D.) AL QUART SCOTCH AND 1R1•611. WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QuART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central and Lime-street Stations).

WHICH IS THE :BEST CYCLE? WHY THE RALEIGH OF COURSE! FROM W. H. BELLIAN, MAKER OF THE ROYA.L CAMBRIAN', 115 SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

I - 1 It's easy to make sure I that you are getting Colman's Starch. If you .get it in a cardboard box with Colman's name on, you are safe. A package labelled Colman's is a guarantee that you are getting a starch that won't rot linen. Clothes last longer, retain their whiteness better, keep a whiter colour when Colman's Starch is used. I C oimArfs , STARCH I Sold in Cardboard Boxes. But you must see that Colman's name is on the box.

• HaM2rlG. Warrington and District Homing Society. The members of the above society flew their 6th old bird race from Nantes (430 miles) on Monday July 15th. 19 members sent 72 birds, liberated by Mr J. Timperley (Con- voyer) at 6.15 a.m. Wind N.W. RESULT. Velocity Members Name. Yds per minute. J Edgerley W Lamb 612 H Moston 905 J Edgerley 9O W Lamb 867 B Walker RMoston The following members advised arrivals on 2nd day July 16th. Eta e closed 12 pm, day of toss, H J Jongton at 7.9 a n.,Miller Bros at 7.14 a m, H J Longton at 7.45 am, B Burrows at 8.10 am, Miller Bros at 8.56 a m, 3 Edgerley wins W Moores special prize. Best average up to and incluaing Nantes. Ist Prize, W Lamb 1133 I 2nd Prize, H Moston llO5 3rd Prize, Edgerlev llO3 B Walker 1195

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES. ON MONTHLY PAYMENTS Enormous Stock. New and second-band. From IN. MONTHLY Carriage Poi" 711, paid. Illustrated PRICE sr.; p 4 11 ". LIS'IS POST FREE to .474 117 _ any address. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURINC Co, (1901) Ltd., 45, &recto.. Rd. Liverpool. Branch 23 Manchester St. Liverpool. (Established z 887.)

POSTAL IN FORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can bo piro ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Bewley, Gra openhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad - gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a,m.—Mauchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and SE. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, wad the Isle a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Walat, and Ireland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, outland, Liverpool, Presoot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 2 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Borist ' Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 3 0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cunaberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.--Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, florthwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m. —Frodsham, Frodsharn Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Nevrchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester p m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey EATZLESI.OWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ••• High-st„ Newton POSTMASTER Ddr.Jarnes Jordan Ho ars of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. "'Sundays 7 to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5-4) p.m. The TeleoTaph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to Bi. n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at? a.m., 12-30, LIST OF DESPATCHES wing the time to which a letter can be posted with ordiu ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp' Ordinary MAILS. I Extra Postage. 'id. Stamp I

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, d Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwcod, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Pre scot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool North Wales,Preston,St.Helerts, Southport, and S ..ah Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N:ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING ROUSE, SUB-OFFICES AND IN "ILL Box ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: • WEEK-DIY& Sunday 10-15 a.m., 12-2 1-30, and 8 p.m.

Warrington Field Club. A good mnster of members, under the leadership of Messrs Holbrook and Webster, visited Rixton Moss on Saturthy, and spent about six hours in rambling, collecting, observing the various forms of bird, inseat, and plant life, and enjoying to the ful the delights of an afternoon on the moss in ideal weather. An al-fresco tea, about five o'clock was very welcome, and stimulated some of the members to renew their efforts in capturing spiders and in- sects until sundown. The large and beautifully coloured caterpillar of the Emperor moth (Saturnia carpini) was found on the birch ; a number of very fine cornuta were taken out of the heads of the cotton grass, which affords facilities for the protec- tion of itself and its young,and has been freely used by this spider ; the rose bay willow herb was in full bloom, and its brilliant flowers were in great profusion. Annual Licensing Meeting. The Magistrates at the Borough Police Court on Monday signed a precept fixing the general annual licensing meeting for Thursday. August 22nd.

GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, \ATITH. a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be unproved upon and reduced to a more simple for.. Take some good Compound such a: e . COCKL:6I3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little ,terions coln pa runems, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, • as tested 537 many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down a the best. —Observer. CS or/ K ,O 'LAY LE S FREE EROM MERCURY ANTIBILIOU OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. - For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, 8.7:c

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL =l= INSTITUTE The following Class Prizes have been awarded by, the Technical Instruction Committee, on the recommenda- tion of the respective teachers : COMMERCIAL COURSE —(lst) J Ashton, (2nd) J Haziehurst. COMMERCIAL GEOGRAPHY.—Hpnrietts Atkinson. BOOR-REEPlNG.—Elementary, Miss Landon ; advanced A E Pennineon. ENGLISH LITERATURE.—D Dale. FRENCH —(lst) J B Storey, (2nd) W H Banks. LATIN —P W Boardman. SHORTHAND.—(Ist) F Bruhl,(2ad) Miss E Taylor, (3rd) Miss Austin, (4th) i Whittle. SPANISH.—T H Johnstone. APPLIED MECIIANICS.—(I9t) G T Rushton, (2nd) F White. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION.—EIementary, S Massey; advanced, J L Warburton. CHEMISTRY, TEIE,RFITICAL.—E'ementary, J Snailham ; advanced, N Wl:Hams CHEMISTRY, FRACTICIL Bir Gandy ; advanced, J Bru!II. CHEMISTRY —(Teacher's priz,s) Elementary, J Burn ; advanced. N Williams. ELECTRICITY.—EIementary, J Lingard ; advanced, 11 Alcock. HYGIENE.—J Snailham. IRON AND STEEL —F Hollingsworth. MACHINE Daawlrsg.—E'ementary,H Bennett; a dvanc• ed, 11 arderc. MATHEMATICS- PRACTICAL —(l3t) F White. (2 ad) E P Tuson. MATHEMATICS, PURE —(lst) 8 Swindells, (2ml) J D ' Cannell. I'HYRIOLOGY.—(Iqt) Miss Lawe, (20d) Miss Scott. STEAM.—T T4jlOT.

, :,- --- - " ? „--„':-.:-- ,-,•---„ ); --,' -,'-.,Ar D .-- ~...i.;...,-.,.,: A ''ef'''';,: ''',:. '''::•.:1, qi-.; ~ -:,.---,p.'..,: , :.,,, ."*vr—ve,,,:-`-',40.4--:,..:,,--,,_-,„,,..::...4:.2,-,.,,t4 Y. ....L. f SPECIAL OFFER! q. t THE HEW CHICUAR SUIT t 9 16-in. rrill, Liimt! throuAhotit. 1 41j 1 BLACCarKnagoer isNalkd.V Y. • • In orderlnl, eta!, I/ erisf measurem., and levitgl.. Su tiaraction Orsurrinteed. LN. 7.10 riDY, manufacturer, LEEDS. ' -r-memr,rrrnremm-ArTY.Tr—a.....,:anzetzz=r --0

welvncm uniun ruts unk UAT WUK/S. ; Boys and Girls can get a NICKEL o ELATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and , CHARM, for seWng 1 dozen packages of - 41/. BLUING at Fivepence each. Bend your 1, full address including name of County, by return mail, and We will forward the Bluine, post paid, and a large premium list. No mom/ required. BLUING CO.lDepartment Fl 241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, ohdon, S.E.

CURD From the lint don eit Patirtnit dal masa It Ism oared PERMANENTLY the very u emu, of Epllepny whew every other rrimay had failed. 1 ile. d. and Its., Post Free Thousand. of Teithnonlah. Bowl for a Prce Basorls Bettie,a4 tOi. Write to—lllepartrnen, I.) ltW. Pharrevaerutioal Chemist, Id, High Iltre•t, Elam&

s 4'. ' -4-_*.F., •-,.. ..4*-!,,, -,, ~,,., - ..., . qtet • -, COLOR LESS 0041 . •,: ...:••:: ' FRAGRANT NON-POISnNO:JS ALSO POWDER,SOAPS,, EMBROCATION, &-.. '

The well known vitalizing rlects of a otp of strong Coffee can he Secured dim:fly by using Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence. 76 LT.l4.l:44l.42vo,ll.ltA2AVZiviliv,"/61

Dales 7 ma is a wonderiul waterproofer (A BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. • log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. D übb. London. Tins 2d.. 6d., if. ‘5:. 216 of Boot Makers Saddlers, fronmonecors i &c. Makers, Dukunch, ,

CYCIABB IMMENSE BARGAINS. Free Illustrated List, 1500 New and - Second-hand Machines, 3Cs to £5: 500 - new machines 19)1 make,from £2 173 6d Single Machines at wholesale prices. <2..\.1/ Accessories. Agents wanted. Trade VP-A1.442, supplied.—WaaarLow & Co.. Weston-super-Mare.

HAVE you • A BAD LEO With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen,that when you press your finger on the inflamed f,art it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin YOU have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your mires are swollen, the joints being ulcerated,the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dia. coloured, Or • there may be wounds; the disease, it allowed to continue, will deprive you a the power to walk. You may have attended serious hospitals and tad medical advice and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, fort can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Becalm others have failed, it is no season I should. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 73, l'arringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is aeertaiu remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, liousemaid's Knee. Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned kiand4 8.24' Bunions. ißegristeredCopyright:k -•

_ MERRY WEATHER'S *4,0,-ve%„;Llsi CLASS CARDEN HOSE 6.3 LONG. ACRE LONDON. LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH CLASS HOSE IN THE WORLD.

r..................... Breakfast is often spoiled by 1 the poorness of the Coffee. It i can be made any strength by using SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. • 77 i 0.0+0•0•044-60•••••6•04.0064>

MANLY MEN Why suffeftfrom 'pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send for my book, which shows h and old, can be every man, young be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICIN or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters receicel. aud E " I cannot find words to express wq ,n4"•°' am. I used to think I never would get cure i I wish k had seen y our sAvertiseent at first, I should have saved many pounds.-61.10 M." qv ar int e e genui r I nave carri.d out your Instructions, and am now per fectly Book sent sealed, post free, for two stomps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, firest Russell Street. L)ndou, W.C. Sendst ones and hs (117rei 12 Years Continuous Succeed

.IVIRVOUS DHBILIrY, LOSS OF - .AL POWBB AND lINEHGY.—A gentleman, havin been a great sufferer' will be pleased to forward a Physician's Prescription, which cured him. This Prescription was the result of twenty yeari' raseirch, and sufferers will find it to remove any Nervo. Disorder, of however long standing. It is certain in action end is convenient to use. Send stamp addresse envelope to GEORGE WRIGHT, EN., COltle House, Lee London, &E., and name this paper.

LTHWNEWPRENOH REMEDY. MER A PION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- ' ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tio., etc. Theraplon is prepared In three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particular, send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-NTJARE, LONDOR, W.O

OZONOLS will eve you Four Rich Blessings— HEALTH, STRENGTH, ENERGY, VITALITY. Dr. IZITPEIDT'S • 070NOLS. C, ". Hake Rich, Red Blood. Restore the Lost Bloom to the Cheeks. NEW LIFE! NEW ENERGY! For firciu fagged Toilers. tinhappy Dyspeptics, Nervous De. spondente, sod for FeurAra AILMENTS. To be had from The Ozonols Medietne Co., 1 Polwarth Place, Edinburgh.

-- 0 0 A thoroughly reliable beverage ,0 used in the household, field, or 8 camp, is Symington's Edinburgh 0 Coffee Essence. In small and large bottles from all Grocers. 5

KEATING'S • POWDER KILLS Nao.„ FLEAS.BUCS MOTN.BEERES TINS, 3d, Bd., and is. THE NEW BELLOWS, 9d.

TO pENNyRoyALPILLS ' FOR FEMALE S. QVICELY cormaer ALL- Laltrd3l7LA.lll7lES, ntrsovrt ALL onsinocimuls, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Box es,l/li & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., -4idannfacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. ' Beware o i *rictus and toortideu.

THE WANT 01rnTliki DAI MARES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW. , TER GREATEbI' CR ITCH iEy L BOON ever of- fered to tbe Launches' for imparting an Ivory 11/4 finish to Starched As .., Linen. Laces, etc. 41c does not stick to spider- SIARCH GLOSS Onceweb tried-likismaat7wriaalyss. wanted. Used in the '' ' ' R o 1 Laundries Should be used in house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, at d 6d. Prepared only T. CarrcifiLkx, I Blackburn.

• s . i; • 'r sp,sk "74 Holloway 1;0160, 401 NTMENT* CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNttS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

„ . Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), tondos.

7-4 e. r",-- , CRI , ' • 4 -:- FENNISO • . 1 • . Cycling, PIMP: ' r:A. all Sporting Requisites ~,,,, ~,, , a. _ , ...1 , ' May lae G.l-11.3:111ed of . S i •4•T ... ....ree' „. . . .. _ ..., 9 4 C., k, "• ":„.7, . ' 0 '!'',L ~.- 6 • -- ~........______, ______„: Lid:l,.: . HOLBORN, LOIVI)ON, E.C. ! . THE CHEAPEST, BEST, AND MOST LIB7•EAL HOUSE Fr; THE TRADE. r. ~ Write or Call for Illustrated Catalogue. Prompt attention, riven to att Country Orcit M. t ' Orders over 10s. Catriage Paid (unless,plher,iyise ststed). ... • _____ , TL'IkNIS BALLS. • ~-,,,,,-4- TENNIS RACKETS. The " Gamage." the Bost ll„ ; iu the 114-1-0405„, AlarteS; rid; ulation size ou'il w ig ier S 11' ng t Ayres's "Champion '' .. ~ „ 12 - -.44.ii,,,41,11; • - ,-,•„.„.„,,,..{.11)1r0 N.% •.• ~ 136 The 'lt eferee.Pcit Cbrerod -tdov The E. D. Snack Tennis guaranteed2o;o Racket, . and celnented r • - • • . 76 L!.4.Fi•T•t-r.-"s4g. , ..„ , Darnsire's Practice - . • • Poles-and Nees ccmplet., .. front 9 - 411 Mb Ce‘l;,r Handle 4j% size, 341 : VI,. Fish Tail- ,58 7.--. The I; ama ge "Clpinpi•dt," 6(9; The 'Referee, 91. BATTING CLOVER • The " rifilhorn,!'-eht-eatrung .. .. .. ..• 11/8 White Leather' (,re,. II oblies in 'no " Demon" (Siszlenger.B) • • • • -• •1".111.' —.•• :. BATS.. _ ' GAUNTLETS. • - Half-Cane Handle, size 4.2/11; size 2, 211: size g ./,'.l . . , . ~ , ... s All-Cane Handle, seer 4,36; sizes, 413; Mr_e 6.....• "3.--,,,.• ChaMOIES Lf• i t her, tiv,n A 2 11. - e ii• - • • - . Selected All-Cane, Men's.. .. ... ..41/...iu ..,... .che,mois Ventilated. met; 3.9.; 1.11111 La ..• .• 3(3 7. i ... Superior All-Cane, Men's.. • • • • • • 96, 11.iti . c. i Damage's Yorkshire ' Driver," warranted:• . , CRICKET SHIRTS. - (3 a matte's specia Ily selected 'Referee,' gnsranteed 1703 • . - The" Carnage " Patent Double Spliced Bat „ 18/8 , , All Wool White Flannel-- I CRICKET BALLS. . ~. : . , 0 2,11, 4 11.1 41 The C,!oll Mxt Shirt. WI Damage's Australian, Catgut sewn .. .. •• • 5/- lb uk, Blue • • 2,8 .1:•.e samage's "Referee' 3-scum Match .. .. .. 49 1 Fine W line Matalasse- 4 %/1. / I Damage's "Club" Match Ball. 3 seams .. .. 3/8 '; 04. Composition Batts, Youths', 741.; match, 54 oz. 9d. LI FLANNEL "Eclipse," match size, 19. Postage 3d. tbtl TROUSERV. LEG GUARDS. , - Mill White, 5 11, 8 11, . 4,..5a.c Moleskh; Guards, youths', 3/3; men's • • • • 318 8 11.10 11, 12; i %. Buckskin ttuards, youths', 516 ; men's.• ..5/11 STUMPS. 4 11, 8 11, 91:1. p0".1.,,,d Ash, youths' 26 in., 15; 28 in. 1111; ,9, UMPIRE COATS. Super B erru1e5..26in.,28;.., - gee" ~- - '• • • " •.i in—,..2' 2 ...mews 3111.1 White Duck, all sizes. 611: super quality • • 10 11 ra...:E _ k4z..40 Super 13rszyups, Steel Sh.oes,y_outli.s:,4sB34ren; 8,631 0 916 TENNIS OR CRICKET JACKETS,. ' Ditio,rgito, with Revolving Tops •• •• •• / 711 Plain Colours, C 'dealel Ips ,•• .. ,l .. 3,11.8 C Special i.,id., Colours, In Strip.s, Dyed to Order. Estimates Prig. . ir. - -'•-__LlifigtslK._„-•:•6gFAWr •••-.......d l Iliss--------7.-'-'r4Tiiii- CRICKET OR TENNIS BELTS, ~ -- ---r--—".7;',--1.-..- r./ , i,'„ ;T:;,:- • •—•:;•4-:,:l , . .4..7 Elastic Web, Plain Col,mirs and Stripes, 84. and 1011. ------:-.7-1 , ' „... r 7.7.4. i —1.....,, CRICKET BOOTS AND TENNIS SHOES. v.. - -2' Buckskin Crielcot !icor - 8 9, 10 8, 12 8, 143, 188 .:m- -ej#---*-_--------2--.c.i,_-_l7:-/z ___::-., ' 4 ~..,..„ \. , .., Th,‘" Refe n ree " Tenis Shoe. Tan Calf or White Buckskio : NETS. "188, 14 3,. 1841 -V 4/2.11" Brown or Whi re (74 n gas Sli.les. with Hack Nets . • •• .. .. .. complete from 8 3 _,M,s.' 17,9 ‘k0,141 plain orcorrugared Rubber Soies„ The County Council Regulation Net ;with frort ~il .. 35 - from 26 . A. W. GAMAGE/ Ltd., Holborn, London, E.C.

ESSEX v LANCASHIRE: E9sex, 333; Lanca- shire, 74 for 1 (Ward, 13). YORKSHIRE v. WARWICKSHIRE —Warwick- -320 for 7 (Kinnier) 123. MIDDLESEX V SUSSEX :—Middlesex, 275; Sussex, 79 for 2. DERBYSHIRE V LEICESTERSHIRE :—Leices- tershire, 363 for 4. WORCESTERSHIRE v. SURREY :—Surrey,2l9 ; Worcestershire, 179 for 4. NOTTS v. GLOUCESTERSHIRE : Notts, 403 for 5.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S PO WDE K EATIN GS POW]) R. Kills Fleas, Bogs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bogs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Motto, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NEW BELLOWS, ; Tins 3d , 61., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., I/- NEW BELLOWS, Od, ; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/- }3lls Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) iold In Tins, 3d„ 6d., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows, 9d. KILLS FLEA, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

BEER, SAVE A LIFE AND SEND Is. P.O. • ANTI-ARSENICAL PILLS, CAWLMA CO., SHEFFIELD.

FISHING ROD S, F3rfeite 1 Pledges - FOR SALE. 200 FROM 1/- EACIL SOLID BRASS REELS FROM Is EACH. ALSO SEVERAL PHOTOGRAPHIC L7+NS, AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, DIAMOND MERCHANTS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL FAGTO RS 116 to 12C. BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5171. -- BEST HOUSE FOR WATCH AND JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Tools end Cutlery Repaired, Ground, or Sharpened on the Shortest Notice by Thorough Practical Workmen.

DIL J. COLLIS BROW CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CfILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession tc. be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die covered. OHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known fo Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. IIiLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever. Oroup, Ague. riIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea k.) and lathe only specific in Cholera und Dysentery. CIiLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attackfli of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Pa!pitation, and Spasms. "IBLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural.. gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitifisl FLOM Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND Co., Horneaetle. We have made pretty extensive use of ehlorodyne in our, practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita-, tion In whatever organ, and from wh stayer cause. It induce' a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any othe , remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage ove all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after- effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physiciane that he received a despatch from her Majesty's zlonsul a 0 Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA THINS. CAUTION.—vice-Ohmaeltor slr W.P.Luz vvoon stated thatii Dr. J. COMAS BROWNE was. anioubtedly, the inventor cf "OHLORODYNE " end that the story of the defendano FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted WY say had been sworn to.—See Zimes, 13th July, 1861. Sold in bottles at Is. W., Zs. 9d., and 4s. 6,i. None ill, genuine without the words •• OR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S' CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm; hog Mediesl testimony accompanies each bottle

• HE ANGLO AMERICA DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL). MD. 72, PRINCES ROAD, CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. OSPROTU3 AND CONSULTATIONS FREE. _

SPLENDID SHOW OF FUMED OAK FURNIT UR g SIDEBOARDS, UMBRELLA AND HAT STANDS, ROOK CASES ac., NEW DESIGNS AND BEST FINISH,

SEE WINDOWS PENDLEBURY AND CO., 12, AND 14, THNWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. IF DOUBTFUL WHERE TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE. TRY IP HARROPS LTD., 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON CAN SUIT YOU, CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. DRAWING-ROOM, DINING-ROOM ~I,ND BEDROOM SUITES; BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING, nassitEIETTCTHR: A NDMAIL, c FURNITURE.Aus. (• FEW 111E0P-BOILED ONF.B AT 0081) HARROPS LIMITED, ARE THA LARGEST HOUSE FURNISHERS, in the country and manufacture nearly every article they sell. They supply goods on the easy payment system cheaper than most houses do for cash. MAKE A NOTE OF THE ADDRESS AND CALL HARROPS LTD., 122. BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, • INSPECT OUR STOCK NO ONE PRESSED TO BUY

FOR F 1 RST:CLASS P3IVATO DENTISTRY. TEETH. ADDointmence unnecessary. hut may be , • arranged: TEETH. All consultations free. Each patient Informed beforehand the cost TEETH. work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. ; TEETH. P-,nlese Extraction as hitherto by the mid‘ of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,000 galln weekly. I.xors. of the late J. a. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM MANCHESTER 46, MOSLEY-STRESI (Telephon. '660). OLOSED FOR Cl OUMMER HOLIDAYS. JULY 22ND TO AUGUST 6TH.

MARRIAGES. mt. H EAL—GARNETT. —On the 18th inst at the Wesleyan ChaPA Penketh, by the Rev J Gunnell, Carlton Burwood, 'soon Son of John Heal, Will Hill, London, to Hilda 14St6't Susannah. youngest daughter of HoSert Garnett, J Penketh, Warrington. DEATHS. G ILFOIL —July Ist at Orford-street, Warrington, Ja°ie. anton, aged 50 years. 130 GaCXMORE —July 3rd at Hamnton-street, Warrington, -° Blaekmore, aged 65 years. ',Vysryn— heti)July 4th at Foundry-street, Warringbn, Wynne, aged 80 3. ears. DAINTETH-7uly sth at Hersey-street, Warrington, beth Dainteth, aged 69 years. GREGG—JuIy Bth at Oliver-street, Warrington, JOSer Gregg. aged 60 years. isor HARRISON—JuIy 9th at Liverpool-road, Warrington, 01 beth Harrison, aged 69 years•

FRIARS' GREEN. Warrington Op. lsite Arpiey Stati°lll6 Also at MANCHESTEU-ROAD, '(late Essenhigtis.; O. T. WARD AND Co, MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &CO atm, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monume Tomts Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in (Irani"- Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXIST'S° MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY,

P.

] IS t 1 A

r
