===== 0002601_19011115_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011115_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
-------- UNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION.

A PUBLIC MEETING will be held in GREENWAY ROAD SCHOOL IN SUPPORT OF THE PROGRESSIVE CANDIDATES ON MONDAY EVENING at 8 o'clock. Mn J. WILSON WILL PRESIDE. SPEECHES BY THE CANDIDATES. VOTE FOR MESSRS HANDLEY, NORMAN, POSNETT, PRITCHARD AND TAYLOR.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011115_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
N'

yOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. Places it before those whom you want to reachand Roes direct to the Public, keepajour name before them, serves to make you et Cit known among them, at a Very small coat.

--- LANCASEIIRE COUNTY (LUNATIC ASYLUMS).

--- Alteration of Mode of Contribution to the Asylums Fund by Lancashire County Council and County Boroughs ; Alteration and Amendment of Lanca- shire County (Lunatic Asylums and other powers) Act 1891 and Repeal of Portions of that Act ; Re- turns by Clerks to Boards of Guardians ; Repeal and Amendment of Acts ; Costs of Act. *OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that Application will be made to Parliament in the ensuing Session by the Mayor. Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Man- chester, and the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Boroughs of Barrow-in-Furness, Blackburn, Bcotle, Burnley, Bury, Oldham, Preston, Salford, St Helens, Stockport and Warrington (hereinafter referred to as " the promoters ") for leave to bring in a Bill for the following purpoees or Some of them (that is to say)— Jo Alter the present Basis of Contribution by the Lancashire County Council and the County Boroughs as defined and referred to in the Lancashire County (Lunatic Asylums and other powers) Act 1991 (herein- after referred to as the Alt of 1891) to the maintenance of the Lancashire County Lunatic Asylums and to pro- vide for the future Contributions by the County Coun- cil and the said County Boroughs to the Lancashire Asylums Fund. To Repeal so much of the Act of 1891 as provides for the apportionment of the total amount required for the purposes of the Lancashire Asylums Board and the main- tenance of the Lancashire County Lunatic Asylums (hereinafter referred to as "the Asylums Board ' and "the Asylums" respectively) between the County and the said County Boroughs according to the respective rateable values of the County and the said County. Boroughs and particularly to repeal alter or amend sec- tions 24,25 and 34 of the Act of 1391. To amend subsection (1) of section 26 of the Act of 1891. by substituting therein the words "the first day of April in every year" in place of the words " the first day of March in every year." To give effect to certain resolutions passed at meet- ings of representatives of the Lancashire County Boroughs held j at the Town Hall, Manchester, on the 15th day of March and the 16:h day of April, 1901. To provide for the future contributions to the Asy- lums Board and to the maintenance of the Asylums by the Lancashire County Council and the said County Boroughs in each year in proportion to number and the period of residence of lunatics sent by the County Council and the said County Wsroughs respectively to be Asylums in each year. To provide for the making out by the Clerks of the Boards of Guardians in which the said County Boroughs respectively are situate of returns of the number of lunatics sent to the Asylums from the districts of the County Council and the County Boroughs respectively in each year and to prescribe a form for such returns and to provide for the furnishing of copies of such returns to the County Council of Lancashire and the said County Boroughs respectively. To provide for the inclusion in such lists of all lunatics sent to the Asylums and boarded out or sent to other Asylums or places other than Asylums by the Board. To provide for the making of annual estimates by the Asylums Board of the total amount required to be raised by contributions to the Asylums Fund and for the annual apportionment of such total amount between the County Council and the County Boroughs and to fix the date for the commencement of such contributions. To provide that the provisions of the Local Lemma Act, 1875, shall be available to the Asylums Board for the purpose of raising money under the Act of 1891. and to prescribe the period for repayment of loans so raised. To:authorise the said County Boroughs or any of them to invest any moneys in their hands standing to the credit of any sinking fund or other account in the mortgage cr debenture securities of the Asylums Board. Co amend the provisions of sections 23 and 37 sub- section (4) of the Act of 1891 and to apply those provi- sions to the intended Act. To amend so far as may be necessary for the purposes aforesaid all or some of tbe provisions of the Leeal Government Act 1888, the Lunacy Acts 1890 and 1891, I and tbe Act of 1891, and to save all rights and liabilities under any orders made by the :dommissioners appointed under the Local Government Act, 1888. To provide for paymeet and apportionment of the costs charges and expenses preliminary to and of and incidental to the preparing for and passing of the Bill among the promoters or among the promoters and such others of the said County Boroughs as may be defined by the Bill. Printed copies of the Bill will be deposited in the Private Bill Office of the House of Commons on Or before the 21st day of December nest. Dated this day 15th day of NoVensber, 1901. ROBERT E. FOX, Town Clerk, Blackburn, Solicitor for the Bill ; TAHOURDINS le HITCHCOCK, 20 Victoria-street, Westminster, Parliamentary Agent&

===== 0002601_19011115_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
lOUNTY PALA.TINE OF LANCASTER.

LUNACY ACTS 1890 AND 1891.

The following Justices have been appointed under the Lunacy Act, 1890 (53 Vic., c. 5) for the hundred of West Derby, to exercise the powers conferred by the Lunacy Acts, 1890 and 1891, upon Justices of the Peace In relation to orders for the reception of Lunatics not being Paupers : PETTY SESSIONAL DIVISIONS. RIBEDALE. Holbrook Gaskell, Junior, of Bridge House, Sefton Park,

Liverpool, Esq. William B. Barrett, of Abbotsgate, Huyton, Lancashire,

Esq. Sir William B. Forwood, of Bromborough Hall, Brom- borough, Cheshire, Knight. John Edward Sheppard, of Eastfield, South Back-road. Grassendale, Liverpool, Esq. John Stone, of The Orchard, Eluyton, near Liverpool,

_ Esq: George William Goodison, of 1, Beech Lawn, Waterloo, near Liverpool, Esq. Edwin Cannington, of Beech Lawn. Waterloo, Liver.

. pool, Esq. . Stewart_ Henry Brown, of Quarry Bank, Allerton,

, Liverpool, Esq. James Richmond Paton, of 7, Darby-road, Girassendale, Liverpool, Esq. ORMSKIRK. Edmond Brownbill, of Moorfield House, Melling, Liver- pool, Eeq. Luke Brighouse, of The Chestnuts, Aughton, Ormskirk,

Esq. Richard Ainscough, of Burscough Corn Mills, Lathom, Ormskirk, Esq. John Gallagher, of Claremont, Maghull, Esq. John Coates Wood, of Beacomflad, Derby-street, Orms- kirk, Esq. Richard Shawe,uf Bank House, Ormskirk, Esq. SOUTHPORT. Richard Nicholson, of %Winfield, Southport, Esq. Thomas 0 Clinning, of Elm Grove, Birkdale, Esq. John S Beauford, of The Warrens, Formby, Esq. John Unsvin, of Eaatcliffe Lodge, Southport, Esq. John ForMby, of Formby Hall, Formby, Liverpool Esq. Charles Scarisbrick, of Scarisbrick Lodge, Queen'sroad, Southport, Esq. PRESCOT. William Lees Mc.Clure, of Ivy Bank, Huyton, Henry R. D'Anyers Willis, of Halsnead, Pressor, Esq. Alfred Walmesley Gotham, of Springfield, Prescot, Esq. CHILD WALL. Henry H Hornby, of 17, Beechwood-road, Grassendale, Liverpool, Esq. , Alfred Fletcher, of Ailerton, Liaerpool, Esq. John Bingham, of Elmburst, Wavertree, Liverpool,

- Esq. Frederick a Goesage, of Camphill, Wootton, Liverpool, Eeq.

ST. HELENS. Josias C Gamble, of Cowley Hill, St. Helens, Major. William Richardson, of Rainford House,:near St. Helens, Esq. William W Pilkington, of the Hazels, Prescot, Colonel. Edward P Twyford, of St. Helens, Eq., M.D. John Forster, of Cowley Hill, St. Helens, Esq. Duncan McKechnie, of Ecclaston Grange, Prescot, Esq.

LEIGH. Charles Eckersley, of Fulwell, Tyldesley, Esq. Thomas E Withington, of Culcheth Hall, Warrington, Captain. Robert Joseph Clegg, of Lowton Grange, Newton-IC- Willows, Esq. I John Hurst Hayes, of the Limes,Leigh, Lancashire,Esq. Oswald Philip Lancashire, of Butts House, Leigh, Manchester, Esq. WARRINGTON. Thomas J Gillespie, ot Park House, Newton-le-Willows,

Esq. Joseph Langshaw Wood, of The Priory, Newton-le- Willows, Colonel. James Tinsley, of Daresbnry Hall, Warrington, Esq. John White, of Moore Hall, Warriogton, Esq. John James Sleekly, ofi Daresbury Lodge, Altrineham,

_ Esq. Francis A Frost, of Grappenhall Hall, near Warrington, Esq. Robert Holt Edmondson, of firms wood, Far Sawre y, Windermere, Esq.

_ WIGAN. Herbert S. Woodcock, ot The Elms, Wigan, Esq. Robert S. Daglish, of Heath Bank, Huyton, Liverpool.

_ Esq. James C. Eolsersley, of Ashfield, Wigan, Esq. Cornelius Edward Beazer, of Hindley, Wigan. Esq. HARCOURT E. CLARE, CLERK OF THE PEACE.

County Offices, Preston, 12tb November, 1901.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
11) CA,SES.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, rAwnTßßoxiirts. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMiTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF GENUINE JEWELLERY SILVER PLATE AO. ALWAYS ON SALE. SPECIAL VALUE IN DIAMONDS. A carefully selected Stock of Ladles and Gentlemen's Rings always in Stock. We have now a fine selection of Gent's Single Stone Diamond Rings on view. Also some very choice Half Hoop Diamond Dress or Engagement Rings. Prices from £2 5s to £45. A Magnificent Diamond and Sapphire Heart Pendant, £47. We will give a written agreement to lend £37 on this endant at any time. Gold Chains at lowest prices in Liverpool. Snquiries by post receive prompt attention. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'St RICHMOND brREET, LIVERPOOL.

Ponds,

ASS YOUR MORRELL'S

'ATIONER FOR INKS.

(UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.)

IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP.

ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE! LIMALE TO Bit BAD WHO yaw SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

ST.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
CHANGE OF ADDRESS.

C. H. MILLS

(sox OF " CHOPSTICKS ") THE WELL-KNOWN'

WARRINGTON HERBALIST

HAS REMOVED TO

15 MILL-STREET (OFF THE FISH

MARKET) WARRINUTON.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
EDDES DANDELION COFFEE

G

_ . The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publlr. So:d by all firmer' and Druggists, In Oanistes 5d.. 10d., and le. Bd. each. Wholesale by I. GEDDES AND 80N. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

T. CLARKE, "EXAMINE Ii" OFFICE.

33 MARKRI STRERT.

EARLEST.OWN.

IS NOW SHOWING A LARGE NUMBER OF BOOKS BY VARIOUS AUTHORS. REMARKABLY OHEAP. SEE WINDOWS.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
AGRNT FOR :THE WEE-LiifiN GENERAL

ASSURANCE SOCIETY

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO,, MOSAIC; AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69. ST. JAMEW-STEEET, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PAN EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEaRTHS, FLOORS. &C. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams :—" HOLLIZMWORTH, LatehtOrd."

NOTIOB OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, WILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS. RAVE REMOVED FROM CRITRCH STREET TO

MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co.. LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICS AND WHARF :

ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Skiing. and Branch Office: Marion Street. Warrington

T. ALLEN AND SONS.

- - (OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND

DECORATORS.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
BEG TO GUT NOTICB

THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT ,1 IN ()I:MN STREET, EAMES TOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-P&P ERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING' GASFITTING, c. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. IIEASCNABLE PRICES. AGENTS.,ZoII "AVELSBACH "INCANDESCENT LIG LIM

ESTIMATES irratm.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

ACCOUNT BOOK MANUFACTURERS, &X

" EXAMINER " OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
IF YOU WANT

POSTERS, WINDOW-BILLS, , AND CIRCULAES

CONCERTS, BAZAARS, BALLS,

SALES OF WORK '

TRY

It.joHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
I

" •

Ct 4 ~ .f . 1 , E 0. . . , . . . ',:7. ' .... ~ ',' P • , 4 1 . '4' t 4 , ~, . i .., .7 1 . : ~i .

l

===== 0002601_19011115_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOCJOkLifS PLIENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR PREVENTS INDIGIISIIO N

LADIES' LETTER

My DEAR NELLTE. The camellia is one of the favourite flowers for bats where fur toques are the order of the day. A sable toque has a lovely lace scarf draped round it, and looped high over a bunch of bright red camellias with their glossy green leaves. A mix- ture of fur and very light and summerlike materials characterises most of the hats. Ermine and tulle and a lovely embroidery, composed of painted batiste applied on finest putty-coloured chiffon, and sewn round with palest gold thread, are the ingredient of one of the most successful toques. Another hat is chiefly made of cream- coloured lace, with creamy camellias and sprays of mignonette as trimming. Voilets are as popular as ever, and looking particularly well on brown or tan-coloured felt hats. A charming toque was black crinoline sewn under the raised brim, with tucks of white chiffon and lines of narrow black velvet. The top was trimmed with white chiffon, black feathers, white and pink camellias, and a knot of black velvet. Lace is sometimes brought over the brim of a hat in a way that suggests the " fall " that was in fashion 30 years ago, and soon became so common, carried out in cheap laces, that it disappeared from the well-dressed classes in a very short time. There is no doubt that it is very becoming when well at ranged and not too stiff. Painted quills are 88 much used as ever in millinery, but the atrocity of beaded and sequined quills seems to be over.

I think that blouses are certainly prettier than they have ever been before and give no signs of that extinction which is pr 'dieted to be in store for them. To take some recently noted as ex- amples: The first is in eaot mauve velvet, with front of guipure, straped across with taffeta bands; a sable tail cc Liar goes round the neck, each end fastened by s guipure medallion. The top of the sleeve is fitted to the shoulder by a lace epaulet. On another figure is a blouse of reseda silk transversely tucked all over the bodice and sleeves, the latter falling away from under-sleeves of embroidered net. The front is fastened by rings of dull gold cord over a white silk insertion. A nice blouse is in cream satin, the loose fronts opening over a tucked yoke and vest and under- sleeves of opaline mousseline. A small black velvet collar falls en the shoulders, to match tabs of black velvet, and appliques of black lace run down the fronts and bar the shoulder seams.

Corduroy is again in great Favour as a material for warm winter costuaies. It has much to recom- mend it, being comparatively inexpensive in some of the qualities, very durable, and also in point of colour to be highly approved. ,It has warmth, but is sometimes rather heavy. The class of colours in which it is usually seen may be called fur tones, such as the golden brown of sealskin, the warm, rich btown of sable, the less pronounced brown of mink, the beautiful brown-greys of beaver and otter, and the a ys of chinchilla, squirrel, and opossum.

Fur is used as an edging Lr many velvet anti cloth toques. sable and iti cheaper al!imi—marten, mink, and so forth—appearing to be most popular for the purpose, although chinchill& combines very nicely with both deep violet and mulberry colour. For everyday wear the wide-brimmed sailor shape in rather soft felt is a favourite. The crown is moderately low, and the trimming, in most cases, consists of a large bow of thick soft ribbon, and one or two wings or a cock's plume placed in front. Striped ribbons are often used, especially in black and white, on black felts. Tartan ribbons, too, are seen on a good number of felt hats, and, if well chosen, have a stylish effect. The ribbon generally chosen is a soft twilled one, and is rather •broad.

There are soma forms of jewellery that never become stale though from time to time they are ushered into obscurity for a while. The ropes of pearl that were so popular a year or two ago still. remain in vogue, but there are signs in plenty or the decline of the barbaric chain, which has been decidedly over-much worn, but quaint pendants are in great demand, and hang from necklets that reach midway between the throat and waist. The prettiest litthi buttons are stories, translucent or opaque, set in rims of gold, and furs are brightened with curious mosaic buttons or great cabochons hanging from little chz:ins. A very charming and mysterious effort is produced by the gleam of ruby and emerald globes, apparently unfastened, amongst the laces and the rich fur of a pelerine. Your loving Jr.:rm.&

CHICKLN3' LIVERS when roasted with the fowl are often dried up hard. Here is a more advan- tageous way ot using them. Dust the livers with pepper and salt, and grill them over a clear fire, first brushing the gridiron with oiled butter. Make Borne nice rounds of toast, butter it plentifully, and cut into small squares or rounds, and serve the oars' tin it..

~ \.), ....r,„.. _ 0t.3) ,i--- -I,# _.,-; 4 _, --- ,/ -41 A 74,. - , -' , 0 , '. 'lt ti,;.‘.......'4'-'o4,lii' ---) --...i.r.,!, c 0 . . , ~...;_.: ~..., 2.. ..y. fi., ....,;\ 0 , , • ..r. Ao•-•:- /' • „.,.4........e.-74 -----,-: _ , -

.s4t,':*44; 4 • ; fA• • (^•,,•7. (-; \ Q, .c • / V,,jl, '1 **.%,•,/A • . %%•-; , 4 ; , . ,

.. . -4 --T ( •i''-''':';;..."_•t 1-'l, ' • '''..."3 .- 4' .1-7 -: •' ' ;. I .Y.- ,' :14: ''..4 -.2 , 1 , ' - ' ' ;5 -... . .'-,., ',l'''''.;;c:?,t, • / / '• :r r -,/,, , , ) /, 4,:tifo.' • 4 :. .„..., ~.z.,-,:: •• •., - A. I,ti.-, / i ' • "."''''''' ' ... ' 1W: ~,, ,x•.--r-

===== 0002601_19011115_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

E P PS'S

GRATEFUL-COM F 0 RTIN G.

COCOA

aREAKEAST--SUPPER.

WOMEN'S CHAI.

Within the memory of all but the oldest, the ninth of November has been the occasion of a Royal festival, so popularly known as the Prince of Wales' birthday. It was therefore most appropriate that His Majesty should have seleeted that day,for raising his aen to the familiar and time-honoured dignity of Prince of Wales. Since the title has been in abeyance there has always appeared to be something amiss, and the Royal House will seem more complete now that we once again have a Prince and Princess of Wales. In a few weeks we shall have Christmas with UJ and meanwhile it is gratifying to hear that there has been a hearty response to appeals for presents and little com- forts for the troops in South Africa. The Queen Con- sort is sending out a large number of silver mounted pipes, stamped with the Royal crest. Many dis- tinguished people are also making special efforts, and amongst them the widowed Lady Wauchope who is sending out a present for every man in the Black Watch, her gallant husband's regiment. Even the much abused War Office is once more showing that it is not utterly lest to sentiment, as it is again sending out 150,000 plum puddings, to present Tommy Atkins with a little sensor able fare at Christmas time. At the instance of the Colonial Secretary the Board of Education invites the services of a hundred compe- tent women teachers for the Boer children in the Refugee Camps. It has been frequently stated that the Boer women are even more embittered against the British than the men, and no doubt there must be some rough experiences attached to life in the camps. But Lord Milner states emphatically that the teachers would be most kindly received by the Boers, by bcth parents ancWiildren. The terms offered are £lOO salary, for one year, with board and lodging. It seems an excellent opportunity for capable and competent women who have the courage to go out, and especially for those who would go with an idea of settling in South Africa, but if not the passage home will be paid for those teachers who wish to return at the end of the year.

Since women and girls have taken so generally to earning their own living, they have given less thought to colonising the Empire, though, with their greater experience, they are much better fitted for their work than those of former generations. In Canada and South Africa the demand for really capable women is just as strong as ever, and those who have the courage to go, are sure of meeting with infinitely better chancre than are, as a rule to be found at home. There is also the less reason for prejudice against going abroad, since increased facilities for communication, and regular mails, have made the severances of old ties quite un- necessary. Present choosing is in full swing, and the difficulty with She majority of us is to find suitable gifts for our men folk, gift that will be useful as well as ornamental. This year matters promise to be easier for us in this direction, but that should not tempt us to put off the selection until the last moment, when the best of every- thing will be gone. For those whose purses are elastic, there are silver cigar boxes, with perfectly plain lids, whereon one can nave inscribed the monogram, crest,or facsimile autograph of the recipient. Then there are small cabinets in various polished woods, containing drawers, labelled "Lettersanswered," " Letters Unanswered," " Bills Paid," " Bills Unpaid," All drawers are of the same dimensions, which is • mis- take on the part of the designer. For " Bills Unpaid " and " Letters Unanswered" many men would require a little; extra space. The new match bowls will find , favour among those who object to the odour of tobacco, I In the lower part of the globe is a space for the purpose of holding rose water. At one side there is a circular hole through which the scent escapes, and in this the cigar ash is placed. The fernier overpowers the latter and renders the apartment more habitable, from a non- smoker's point of view. Reports come from Paris that men are to vie with women in wearing conspicuous colours, such as violet, red, and pink waistcoats ! Possibly that beautifully- staged play " The Last of the Dandies" which Mr Tree has produced at Her Majesty's Theatre, has helped to revive the varoties of the early days of Dickens,Dieraeli, and Bulwer Lytton. Young Disraeli, we are told by Lord Dalling, used semetimes to astonieh the friends of his youth by appearing in green velvet trousers, a canary-coloured waistcoat, and equally conspicuous crat. We are not likely to see such eccentricities again, but the merging of the masculine fancy waistcoat into the highly coloured garment, is a distinct advance in the vanities of dress, which are supposed to be woman's exclusive sphere and prerogative. Mr. Ruskin used to say that except in a pretty,grace- ful way, no woman csn draw, but he made an excep- tion with regard to Miss Kate Greenaway, who died the other day, at the comparatively early age of fifty-five. Miss Greenaway was a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in water-colours, and was an exhibitor at the Royal Academy, but it was ;largely to her drawings of children, which were her favourite subjects to which we owe the great improvement in children's style of dress, in rccent years.lNct only did the originate the well-known " Kate Greenaway" 'nodes but she designed the pictures for many popular and instructive books. _ .

A more thoroughly readable, and well-written story than Mrs B. M. Croker's " Anzel " (Methuen and C 0.,) it would be difficult to find. Whether ths scenes of her novels are laid in India. where many years of her life have been passed, or in 'he Emerald Isle, where she was horn, Mrs. Croker is equally at home, and in this 1" sketch in Indian Ink " her characters • .are as usual,

• alive, and 'every scene and every incident, bears the impress of truth. At the present time this distinguished novelist is engaged on another Irish story, the publica- tion of which, her many admirers will eagerly await. The final tcuch to an up-to-date costume, is an ex- cessively wide and spreading bow of tulle, which should appear at the throat, a little on the left side. To be I correct, the tulle should be white, but some there arel who prefer this spotted with black chenille. Others select black tulle, spotted with white, but though more economical, it is by no means such smart wear. Very fine white net does not look so well as tulle of course, but it is more durable, and the process of washing and ironing renders it as fresh and crisp as new—a con- sideration when one surveys the wreck one foggy after- noon will make of a bow of tulle. e The woman who values ner hair would do well to con- sider before investing in the all fur tcque or hat, so fashionable at the morntnt. However well built and ventilated, it is weighty and far from cool wear, and this is indeed an item to consioer when we think of the many hours our headgear rests upon our heads, during each day. Many women never remove it, and if so, only to effect a change, frcrn quite early in the morning to late in the afternoon. Even with the lightest and coolest of hats and tcques, such a proceeding is disastrous to the hair, and a point should be made of removing them whenever possible. Violets are very favourite blooms, and appear on much of the cloth, and fur and chiffon headgear just now. Other flowers employed by leading milliners, are the small dahlia, and the camellia,but the most fashion- able bloom of all is the edelweiss, clusters of whith are mixed with tulle, or fur. Clusters to match also appeal in the tulle bow, or fur boa, and again in the muff. Gold braid glitters on many costumes built in shades of brown. Gold velvet peeps out from under hats and toques, and gold ribbon is used for the twisted loops, worn with evening dress, in the hair. When the tresses are of a warm ruddy colour, the gold lights it up, and suits it remarkably well. The gold roses, Once so fashion- able have disappeared, and one can scarcely regret this, as the effect was often tawdry in the extreme. _

MADGE.

CONTINUAL CURES IN LANcesntrm.----Every week fresh evidence is reported in the newspapers concerning the wonderful cores affected in Lancashire by Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people. These pills have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica ; I also all diseases arising from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, at eemis, pale and sallow com- plexion, general muscular weakness, less of appetite. palpitations, pains in the back, venous headache and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female we simess I and hysteria. These pills are a tonic not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name. Dr Williams pink pills for pale people, and are sold be chemists, and by Dr Williams' Medicine Company, 46,Holborn Viaduct London. 8.C., at 23 9d a box, or six boxes for 133 9d. Pink Mils sold loose or from glass jars are not Dr Williams' pink pills accept them only in the pink closed wrappers as above described. On this pace will be found details of a rsmarkable cure at Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHFORD V. CHESTER "A."

Played at i;t4cl;lo,l—.,;'Saturday. Chester arrived without a goalkeeper, but secured an escellent sub- stitute in H. Carter. From the bully off, the home team rushed down the field, and Grounds scored in the first minute. Throughout the initial half the home team had the best of the game, and had it not been for the defence of the backs and Carter, in goal, the score would have been considerably more. Half-time : Latch- ford, three; Chester nit. The second half was more evenly contested, the visitors bolding their own, but being unable to score. Just before the whistle sounded, the home team scored another goal, and thus ten out victors by four goals to nil. For the home team,Wicks, at full tack ; and Heald, at centre half, were very prominent, while the goals were scored by Grounds (2) Banks (1), and Albinson (1).

LATCHFORD 2ND V FRODSHAM. This match was played at Frodsham on Saturday. The opening stages of the game were in favour of the home team, who tried hard to score, but the defence of the visitors Was very sound. Up to the interval no score resulted. In the second half the Latchford forwards played with much better combination, and eventually Spensley scored, with a splendid shot. Encouraged by this success the visitors again rushed down, and Cliffe scored a goal. The Frodsbam full-hacks played a good game. whilst for Latchford, Albinson, in goal, and Earn- her and Adams, at hack. played prominently. An even game resulted in a win for the visitors by two goals to nil.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, Filth Y NOVEMBER 15, 1901

INTERESTING BAND CONTEST AT

RUNCORN.

On Saturday afternoon at the Runcorn Public Hall an interesting band contest took place under the auspices of the Runcorn Cycle Club. There was • crowded attend- ance. The proceeds were in aid of the Cottage Hospital Fund. The contest was an entirely new departure and proved in every aspect to be an unqualified success. The Secretary, Mr Booth, is to be congratulated on his energy, and, owing to his exertions, backed by an ' equally hard-working committee, there is every reason to believe that the Contest will be but, the 1 forerunner of an annual institution. There were no 'less than eight entries including the following bands : Runcorn Volunteer Band,conductor Bandmaster T Outh- waite ; Frodsham Vol unteer Band, conductor, Band- master T Knight ; Preston Brook Band, conductor, Mr Arthur Withenshaw ; Runcorn S. Edward's Band, conductor Mr T Hynes ; Weston Point Works Band, Bandmaster G Robinson ; Helsby Band, conductor Mr C Bate ; Newton Wesleyan Band, conductor Mr John Brady ; Moulton Verdin Institute Band, conductor Mr T Hodkineor. The adjudicator was Mr J Harper,Widnes, and the first prize was a handsome silver cup ; 2ed prize, £l;3rd prize,los ;best cornet soloist, a gold centre nude!. The test piece was H. Round's "Song of other days." The Chairman was Mr Samuel Tayler, and he was supported by Mr and Mrs H Congreve,Mr and Mrs F J Norman, the Rev F Chambers, and several of the Cycle Club rfficials, The contest commenced at 3 o'clock and did not finish until six o'clock. Preparatory to the bands playing, the adjudicator was locked Ira a room on the stage where he could bear but could not see the bands as they came on the stage to play, so that abso- lute fairness was guaranteed. The playing,on the whole was very good, each band as it stepped on and off the platform being accorded a hearty round of applause from its respective followers. As soon as the last band had ceased playing, Mr Booth (secretary) unlocked the door and Mr Harper was brought forward on to the stage amid an outburst of ;cheerily, and said he was very pleased to find that so many people had gathered there that afternoon in support of so worthy an object. He hoped that the time was not far distant when they would have a Cottage Hespital. Be had no doubt but all of them bad mace up their minds as to which was the winning band. As there was only one judge he had listened very attentivey indeed and if the people had been in his room he could have pointed out where mis- takes had been made. The bands would persist in play- ing out of tune. They played too loud and strained everything. That was the fault more or less with every one of the bands. Some of the cornets did very well but they would persist in getting away and losing them- selves. When they should perhaps have been playing a little lullaby, they permitted themselves to run wild and shouted. He awarded the first prize to the band which played second. (Applause). The second prize to the band which played fourth. (Applause). The third prize to the one which had played seventh. (Applause). The winners in the order of merit were 1, The Run- corn Volunteer Band ; 2, Preston Brook Band ; 3, Wes- ton Point Works Band.

_ The Chairman then said that the band contest was a 13897 institution in Runcorn which be hoped would be continued for many years to come. He was specially pleased that a Runcorn band had wen and hoped they would win it neat year for it could not be theirs unless they.won it twice successively. He (the speaker) would take care that they were not short of funds for a second contest.He was sorry there were not prizes for the eight bands but he hoped it would have the effect of spurring them on to run the winners as closely as possible next year. He was sure the Runcorn people would look for- ward to neat year. He was p!eaaed to introduce Mrs Congreve to them to give the prizes to the winners. Mr Outhwaite, on behalf the Runcorn Volunteer Band then received the cup amid great applause. In turn Messrs.. A. Withenshaw, G Robinson, W Gregory and L Pye received their prizes amid the plaudits of their res- pective followers. Votes of thanks to Mrs Congreve and the Chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BRONCHITIS and ASTHMA

TURNED OUT OF AN INFIRMARY.

CURED BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

EDWARD PUGH, 156, Stephenson-street, North Shields, writes as follows :—" I was six weeks in the Newcastle Infirmary, and was given up ny eight doctors, who said I had Chronic Bronchitis and Asthma, and that I could not be cured. I could not lay straight down in bed ; I had to use a bed rest. I coughed incessantly, was very weak, and had attacks of suffocation at night ; that is the reason I could not lay straight down in bed. I have been off work for two years. Since commencing VENO'S LIGHTNING Couom CURE Ido not need the bed rest, I can lay straight down in bed. I have not the bad attacks at night, neither do I cough ; the wheezing has entirely gone. lam a deal stronger and can walk about, and fPel as though I would soon be able to work." CAUTION.—Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING CORGH CURE; be sure you get it. Avoid the dealer who tries to palm off another medicine. Price is. lid: and 2s. 91. All Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
BOTTLED BEER TRADEMARKS. Important Case at bt. Helens,

Liverpool Agent Smartly Fined.

A case of considerable interest to the bottled beer trade was heard at the St Helens police court,on Monday,wten Edwai d Horrigan, of 31, Islington, Liverpool, district manager of the Pt °mix Brewery Company, Dublin, was summoned under the Merchandise Marks Act with frau- dulently using the trade marks of other firms on bottles of stout and beer. The firms concerned were Messrs Samuel Allsopp and Sons; Messrs J F Eddisbury and Co. ; Messrs Greene'', Whitley, and Co. • Tbrelfall's Brewery Company ; and Messrs William Preston and Sour. Mr F E Smith, barrister, instructed by Mr H L Riley, St Helens, appeared to prosecute on behalf of the Liverpool and District Mineral Water and Ale and Porter Bottlers' Association ; and Mr F A Greer, barrister, in- structed by Meseta Oakkott, Baxter, and Chevalier, of Liverpool, represented the defendant. Mr Smith stated that the complainant was Mr Frederick Bastow, the inspector of the Liverpool and District Manufacturi rs and Bottla'rs Association which was an important erganisation with tumerous member- ship and branches over the country. It existed for the purpose of protecting the interests of members. Mr Bastow had discovered that Horrigan bad been in th,- bab't of eupplying bis customers with beer in the beltles of otter manufacturers. Great importance wa e attributed to the case because the act of bottling beer and stout was almost as important as the manufacture ,of it. In [genie cases an adhesive label bad been put 'over the indelible trademark, hut there was no-guaran- tee that this labe.l would not come off before it reached the retailer.

Frederick Bastow, the inspector, gave evidence that he had purchased three bottles of stout from James Lloyd, licensee of the Liverpool Inn, St Helens, on Sep- tember 281 b. They were Allsopp's moulded bottles,but bore the laoel of the Penis Brewery. The associa- tion had a clearing house and did all they could to see that members got their own bottles, and to see that every brewer bought a proper supply of bottles to con- duct his own business.

James Lloyd, licensee of the Liverpool Inn, said that he purchased the steut from the Pt curds Brewery Com- pany. In answer to Mr Greer, he said a customer was more likely to go by the paper label than by the stamped name of Allsopp's on the bottle. Charles Boldiag,manager of the Liverpool bottling de- partment for Messrs Alisopp, said they did not approve cf otber people using their bottles. He had seen lots of bottles come back with the Pt eenix Brewery label on them, but the bottles mostly belonged to other firme. Messrs Alsopp objected to finding bottles fur other vople to carry on their business witb. The defence was that it was a common practice for a bottler to take anyb3d3 bottle, from a licensed vic- tualler and fill actin with his own Equor when supply- ing that licensed victualler,and to put his own labels on the bottles. The customers were not deceived thereby, and there had been no intention to detraud,or any fais.i application of any trade mark. The maghtrates ultimately decided to convict and imposed a line of £l5 and £lO costs, in the first cases. The other cases were withdrawn.

Earl Roberts was on Wednesday afternoon travelling on the Midland Railway to pay a visit to DrumianiiE: Castle, Dumfriesshire. lie was due at Cullale at 5.45. but information was received that the line was blocked at Birkett tunnel in consequence of an engine going ell the metals and blocking both lines, which could not be cleared until five c'clook. All other trains on the Mid- land line were delayed ler hours._

A remarkable discussion took place at Me Liverpool School Board on Wednesday concerning a statement in a reading bock which it was proposed to-adopt for cue i • the Board echools. The statement was that Leo X tbvatened to burn Luther and his followers at the stake. After a debate on the accuracy of the statement it was decided by 8 votes to 5 that tho book should not poultice be ad.-pted. Ac au icquest held at Heath, near Wskeileid, co vved. needay, a jury found that Mary Elizabeth Else, aged three years, a miner's child, bad died through t, f i imis- adventure,reed and having p a. a tffie ne b applied burnt on y theber m chestoth be yr ian i g onor- once." There is Security in 1 A rev arms en the toothbrush every morning

===== 0002601_19011115_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S

ITTLE IVER zr.ll Dose. PILL Fri"

Itusuhaul), —cure Sick_ Headache,

Sm.-. S Small

===== 0002601_19011115_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ne

SOZODONT

Will Sweeten the Breath all day. and make all the ditlerence tween—

Viliousness. Torpid Liver. Indi• Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. gestion. Constipation. Dizziness. White Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Jarred Tongue. They Touch the pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth Lacer. complete in Toilet b SUSI $407a.2.416V.LVL Too, 2,0. I

===== 0002601_19011115_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A QUEEN'S SOLDIER.

(Copyright.)

1

By WALTER WOOD, Author of "Barrack and Battlefield," "Famous British Warships," "Through Battle to Pro- motion," "A Captain in the Fusiliers," "A Soldier of the Legion," So,

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Mark Benn, the son of a substantial farmer in Yorkshire, volunteers for servioe in the Yeomanry, about to be despatched to Soilth Africa. After the farewells due to his father and his sweetheart, Lizzie Jackson, he duly embarks, the troop also including his friend Brigg. To his surprise he finds Lizzie Jackson at Capetown as an army nurse, she having left England on a mail steamer, which had passed the slow-going transport. Bean and Brigg are in a skirmish with three Boers. Poor Brigg is shot through the head, but not before he has wounded one of the Boers, and Benn distinguishes himself by disarming and taking the three prisoners. In a skirmish some days later Bonn is twice wounded, and is himself taken prisoner. He swoons, and on recovering his senses finds himself in a Boer farmhouse, where he is kindly treated. The next day he is moved to Pretoria.

• 'CHAPTER XI. IN CAPTIVITY. Benn had not been a prisoner for long when he learnt that even if there should be an exchange of prisoners, and he had the chance to take the field again, there was no hope that he would be able to fight, either mounted or afoot; and from that imoment he determined that he would watch for his 'chance and get away from the capital. The wound to his shoulder had soon got well; had been a mere matter of time—long enough to allow the lacerated flesh to heal; but the bullet- wound in the leg was different. This was a stubborn injury, one that refused to improve enough - to enable Benn to get about. The bullet remained in the leg—it had gradually worked behind the knee, and the doctors had refused to trouble with it further for the present. So the missile'remained. in its place, and Mark was left pretty much to his own devices until he was able to leave hospital and hobble about. From the hospital Mark was transferred to the aptured British soldiers' quarters at Waterfall, some distance from the town. Here he found that the prisoners lived in dwellings which had been built in such a way that they formed three long rows, or streets. These temporary gaols were surrounded by barbed wire fences, and the 'care of the captives was entrusted to the burgher guard. To Mark, country-bred as he was, it seemed as if the human beings were treated in pretty much the same fashion as poultry were cared for at home. They had their dwellings to retire to, and were kept from straying by wire fences. He chafed at the degradation of the imprisonment, and became possessed with the determination to escape. There were, too, many indignities and annoyances to endure which it was especially hard for a man of free spirit like hirinielf to bear. There were robberies from prisoners who could not help thems selves, and an amount of needless suffering, arising from the neglect of the captors, which seemed to Mark disgraceful in an enemy claiming to be civilised. There were insanitary surroundings, a lack of medical attention and comforts, and a very poor diet. A smaller matter was that for a long period no soap was issued, so that neither Mark nor his companions could maintain even the personal cleanliness which was essential to health. Dysentery was rife, and many a soldier whom Mark had seen in the prison enclosure disappeared, to be seen no more. He did not pretend to be a military expert, but it did seen' to him that here was wanton disregard of simple duty to himself and fellow-prisoners. A month after his arrival at Pretoria, Mark could walk slowly with the help of a thick stick ; but only for a very little distance, and then with pain and difficulty. Remote as was the chance of his escape, he was inces.antly guarded and as elaborately watched as if tie was in the most vigorous health and able to perform feats of wondrous agility. With the rest of his comrades who had been captured, Mark was kept a prisoner at Waterfall. Occasionally they heard something of the manner of life that the British officers led who were lodged in the &auto Model School—a modern building of red brick, lighted by electricity. These more fortunate captives could buy meat and drink, and get their cheques honoured at the Standard Bank; and as they had orderlies, and were allowed to exercise freely in the covered flagged walk outside the building, it seemed to the less favoured prisoners, who had no means of bettering their condition, that they were in very enviable case. But so far as their food and drink went, Mark could have managed well enough. It was the captivity which weighed upon him with depressing force. The soldiers chafed under its monotony, and daily grew more intolerant of the restraints which their captors put upon them. The bitter humiliation, too, of the position was not forgotten —by Mark least of all, though he was surprised to notice with what calmness some of the captives reconciled themselves to their lot, if they were prisoners, they reasoned, without too much in the way of comfort and enjoyment, they were at any rate in better case than those who had to fight against the unspeakable privations of the war, the perils of the battlefield, and the greater dangers of disease. "I tell you," said Wade, frankly, one day when he and Mark were lounging in the enclosure, "if it comes to that, I thank God I'm out of it. I've had enough of it already. I didn't want a beanfeast exactly; but all the same, I didn't want what we were getting let .in for. We came out with such a flourish of trumpets that I thought we were certain to be looked after all right, if nothing else. But see what's happened—men have gone down like rotten sheep, and the horses got out of condition so much that they were only fit for the knacker's yard. If things have been so bad so soon in the war, isn't it reasonable to suppose that they'll be a sight worse later on?" "That's all very well," said Mark, impatiently; "but war's war. Fighting and sickness, so it seems, are bound to come. It's this nailing that I object to. It sickens me.ptararWtp eoufscaawsnarn theyetfsedrsi:defio,nr,geisyse o u, Lsletl,vse si ifiosrt lase t timn g u eh thema anyway,' said Wade. "five and take—we bag some of their lot, they bag some of ours." "I don't know about our bagging them," said Mark, bitterly ; "but this place is pretty well glutted with British. You'd think from the look of it, that so far all the taking's been on their side, and no giving." • "Fortune of war," said Wade, stolidly. "Besides, they've got so many Regulars pinned up here that I don't see why we—only Yeomen— should be disturbed. If it doesn't disgrace them, I don't see why it should us." "Only Yeomen ! " echoed Mark.l"Same old story I Even here there seem to be those who think that we're only playing at soldiers. I tell you this, as soon as ever I can manage it, I'm going to get back to the fighting line. It's for us to shew that we're just exactly as good soldiers as anybody else." "But you can't manage to get back to the .fighting line," said Wade, placidly. :,"A bird might as well try to get out of its cage." "Birds sometimes do," answered Mark. "And get killed for their pains," observed Wade. "I'd rather be killed than go on like this, protested Mark. "Well, that's where we differ, Berm. The living Yeomen here mayn't be the finest of fellows; but anyway they're a dashed sight better off than having their bones picked on the veld. If I get back to the company in proper order, well and good; if not, I shall just stick here till I go away in the natural course of things. You take my tip, arid make your mind up that you'll do the same." "Not I," growled Mark. "I'll keep my eyes open, and cut at the first chance. You seem to think a lot of this place—what price the disease ?" "It's a good thing you've got a gamnay leg," said Wade, ignoring the question, and by way of ending the talk. "There's no telling what folly you'd go in for if you could get about on your pins all right. Now, don't you worry yourself any more —the worst of you quiet chaps is that when you do break out, you're like volcanoes." He had meant that this should end the conversa- tion, and had already turned his back upon Benn, when he suddenly faced him again, and with an admiring guffaw exclaimed : "By George! But you're a cute young dog ! I shouldn't have thought yoted got it in you. I see through it now as clear as daylight." • "Through what ?" asked Berm, bewildered. "Why, 'your game, of course," said Wade, with a joyous laugh. "I'm a chucklebend not to have thought of it before. it isn't hack to the front you want to get—it's to the girl—that girl of yours Tot saw on the doe): side."

"I —I--" stammered Mark. "Now then, don't deny it! It won't wash,* exclaimed Wade. "Besides, what's the good of saying it isn't true, with a face like yours? Confess—isn't that the real truth? Aren't you sick for the sight of her ?" "I should like to see her," Mark admitted. Bronzed though his face was, it went a deeper hue 1 as he said the words. He had been clever enough to conceal his real purpose, but was too simple, ' when directly charged, to get out of what he took to be his difficulty. The simple truth was that while arguing with his comrade, he really did believe that his chief reason for wishing to escape was to rejoin his company and get back to the front; but strong as duty and further service were, love and Liz were stronger. "I knew it! "continued Wade, triumphantly. "I felt it in me, only I couldn't put it into words. And so you're really that bad after her, are 70P r I thought you were of the don't-care sort; but at'. waters run deep. Well, she's a jolly plucky girl to come out, and I'll be bound she'll be worth more than a dozen of the swell loafers put together; but, all the same, you'll be a madman to try and get away from here before your time. Even suppose you gave 'em the slip, how are you to hobble on with a leg like yours?" "I shouldn't mind the pain," growled Mark, who, now that his secret was discovered, felt a strange pleasure in being able to discuss his plan freely; besides, it was an intense joy to speak of Lizzie, even with a hopeless bachelor like Wade. "Now, look here," said Wade, in the manner of an experienced person giving advice and warning to a raw youth, "I'll put the case before you in a nutshell. You try to escape, you're seen, and you're shot down. "But I'm not bound to be seen," persisted Benn. "This place isn't so sharply watched that a man can't get away." "All right," said Wade, readily. "You get past the guards and the outposts, you're not shot at; you're strong enough to make your way on to the veld. You've had pluck and energy enough to get you through so far, also grub enough to keep you alive. You fall down on the earth for a nap—when you wantko get up and walk, you find that your leg gives you such agony that you can't stand. What then ? "

Wade paused dramatically, expecting Berm t.. 7". complete the picture. "It's your story, not mine," said Mark, quietly. "The crows get you," said Wade, clinchingly. "All right, they'll be welcome to me," answered Mark. "But I'll tell you this, I'd pull myself along if I could stand at all, no matter what the pain was—not even if it was enough to make me sweat blood."

For a long minute Wade stood and stared at his companion. Then he said: "I thought of calling you a donkey, because I fancied you were mulish, but I won't. You're one of the right sort, an' I hope you'll null through and meet the girl. Remember me -to her. I liked her look, as far as I saw it. Here, put that in your pocket, you'll find 'em soothing when you're a bit down in the mouth. They're the sort of thing we'd only use at home to raise a nuisance, but here things are different." He produced a carefully-preserved packet of cheap cigarettes—ten for twopence retail, at home—and offered it to Mark. "There's the matches, too. I shan't want 'em," added Wade. He spoke as if he were doing a mere matter-of- fact deed, whereas he was actually offering, as a gift, his most valued treasure. Benn's eyes glistened. Instinctively his hand went out to take the gift, almost priceless now. But he withdrew his hand and checked his eagerness. "No, I won't—l won't rob you," he said, jerkily. "I know you refused a sovereign for 'era yesterday, and that they're as dear to you as they could be to me."

"Take 'em," growled Wade. "Let's have no fuss about a trifle."

"I can't," answered Mark. "I know you've been keeping them back, so that you could have a special treat." "If you don't," his comrade threatened, "I'll crumble the lot up and scatter 'em to the winds of heaven."

He cast the packet and the box at Mark, and with muttered thanks Benn, seeing that further protest was useless and knowing that Wade would carry out his threat, caught them both and put them in a pocket. "I'll not forget this," he said. "Come," said Wade, who disliked either giving or accepting thanks, "it's time we shuffled in. People will suspect us of something if we go on yarning here." They had been talking in an open space well away from fellow prisoners and guards, an open space in which they were kept as much by the barbed wire fences as by rifles, and across this they now wilked slowly back to their prison, chatting indifferently. On every hand, it seemed to Wade, there wero insuperable difficulties in the way of an escape— watchful gaolers, cruel fences, locks and bars and bolts. They were, too, in the heart of a hostile country, where all the rivers, roads and railway,' were held by vigilant people. It seemed such sheer madness even to think of trying to escape that involuntarily lie turned to Benn as they reached the building, and was about to warn him again of the folly of a trial. But he remembered what had just passed between them, and:with a sigh he led the way into the prison. There was a hubbub of voices as they entered.

In the commotion what seemed like an inspira- tion came to Wade. lie turned to Bonn and whispered hoarsely: "When you're ready let me know. I'll go with you. After all I'm just about as sick of this as you can be."

CHAPTER XII.

MARINO READ-r 4

+lark did not answer. Curiously enough, he was ~orry that his friend shmild have come to this determination. He was alive to the perils of his undertaking, and knew that, even if he got clear of Waterfall and the capital, the chances were that he would never reach his own people. For this reason he did not wish to have a companion; least of all did he desire Wade, since that trooper had expressed himself in such strong terms against the scheme, and had been so sure of the impossibility of escape. For the rest of the day Mark pondered over the matter. During the night he ' lay awake and thought about it still, and by morning he had quite made up his mind as to what he should He would be perfectly frank with Wade, tell ffsa: that the venture was so perilous that he could not allow him to have a part in it, and at all costs insist upon carrying out his scheme alone. lie made all this clear to Wade after the scanty breakfast. To his vast relief his comrade took the news of the decision very easily. He also had been thinking; lie had, too, suffered in the darkness from fearful visions of the fate of Benn and him- self, and had resolved that while he would keep to his word to go with Mark, if necessary, he would, if the chance came of withdrawing honourably from the position, take it. Mark's behaviour made the task of Wade quite easy. It also enabled him to make some show of insisting upon sharing the perils with him. But Mark refused to listen. "The idea's mine," he said, "and I won't drag anybody in the bother with me. If the thing really is a fizzle, it will be better for:one man only to go under than two." "Of course," said Wade, with feigned reluctance to abandon his position, "it isn't as if I'd a girl waiting for me at the other end. If I were in your shoes, I'd do the same. I couldn't help it." "I'm sure of it," said Mark. "Noz," continued Wade, anxious to satisfy his own conscience in the matter, "it isn't as if .I felt this gaol-life specially hard. I think we're pretty well looked after—as well as anyone can expect t. be ; and there's lots to interest us. You ' a bit of a student of human nature."

would kill me in another month—l most ge* Out of it," said Mark.

said Wade, wisely. "It isn't gaol that's the matter with you—it's love. You see, your girl —Lizzie, don't you call her ?—is a sort of magnet that's drawing you. Isn't, that_so!" _ . .

"I-want to see her," admitted Mark, gruffly. "Perfectly natural," commented 'Wade; "and as I've said, if she were mine I'd go through fire and water for sight of her. But, luckily, I've never been struck that, way. Whsre is she ? ' "I don't know," answered Mark. "She may be hundreds of miles away for anything I know. This country piszles me—there seems to be no end to it. You go hundreds of miles this w:4, and hundreds that, Without getting anywhere, as far as I can tell."

"Anyway, if you do get through all right, you'll be able to find out—you'll have plenty of time. You know, you'll never be fit to fight again during this war, sot even if it lasts another twelvemonth. Make your mind up on that point. Well, you're, determined you won't let me go with you ? ‘.‘l'm sorry," said Mark; "but that's about ft.". "All 40'4," continued Wade, very briskly, now that tho ,Isse.ter was settled to his own satisfaction.

and with so much credit to himself. "nut if you won't have me with you, that doesn't go to say you won't let me help you, does it? We'll put our wits together, and see if we can work out a plan. It'll be something to pass the time. I reckon I'm pretty smart at plans. Depehd upon it, if I'd had the handling of that little affair the other day, we shouldn't have gone off without a rifle or a bayonet. But there, the Lieutenant can't answer back, so I'll say no more." Without delay Wade began to formulate schemes. He had in his youthful days been partial to the literature of adventure, and to romances, and he tried to reconcile his imaginative efforts with the facts of their position. At the outset he proposed that together they should dig a tunnel, beginning at the floor of their dwelling; explaining that he knew where a skewer was to be had, and that French prisoners of war had built ships out of bones with no better tools. Mark repudiated the suggestion :,-withont discussing it. Undismayed, his companion spoke of bribery: an idea which was allowed to drop when it was discovered that the pair could not raise ten shillings between them. Such of their treasures as they had not lost had been stolen from them, a fleecing concerning which4Wade had remarked that it was enough to make a man thankful that he was poor. "If we only had a balloon now, with water and grub, and the wind was fair, there 'd be no difficulty," said Wade, regretfully. "But we haven't. There's nothing for it but trusting to luck. You've a lot in your favour. You're only a limper, so to speak; they don't watch you very sharply now, simply because it never enters their heads that you could possibly do more than hobble. Seeing that you're bent on going, I should wait for a dark night, then clear out—l know a trick that'll get you out of the sleeping-place—and make for the point where that drowsy, dark-bearded sentry is on duty. He seems to sleep half his time. If you can catch him unawares well, it'll be his own look-out. You can't stick at trifles. You know the chap I mean? .Boota, they call him." "What's the name ?" asked Mark, quickly, recollecting vividly all the kindness which the placid woman at the farm had shewn him. "Boota," answered Wade. "He's a farmer chap—his father's one of the burgher guard, too. I have heard it said that they're not so very keen on the business, and that they'd be only too glad to chuck the thing up and go and look after their property. They were commandeered, and sort of sent on at the muzzle of the rifle. They're not considered trustworthy enough to take the field; so they're stuck here, whereon eye can be kept on them. I've heard, too, that the wife of the old man— who's the young man's mother—is a sort of Englishwoman. Their farm's somewhere near that God-forsaken place where we were herded for the night after we were caught. Well, remember what I've told you," concluded Wade. "Be guided by me, and you can't go far wrong." "I'll not forget," Benn promised. "I'll make sure of the chap in the daytime; then I shall know him. I have a feeling, somehow, that he'll be useful." The days passed, but not so wearily now that Bann was pledged to his escape. From time to time Wade startled him with projects for effecting his deliverance; but the schemes were so wild that Mark rejected them instantly. With all his useless projects, however, Wade was a valuable ally. In his own fashion he was as deeply interested in the escape as Bonn, and incessantly watched for opportunities to help him. His face beamed with delight when one day, a week after they had talked the matter of the escape over, he joined Benn, and whispered that he had a priceless treasure for him. 'With this he produced a tiny compass, a little gold charm which Mark had sometimes noticed on a chain worn by Wade. "I never thought of it till just now," he said. "When I was bagged, I took it that my watch and chain would go, so I just twisted the compass off, because I valued it, and shoved it into this hole." held up his jacket, and shewed Mark a small 'hole, big enough to push a sixpence in, between two folds of cloth. "I thought the compass might be useful. Then I forgot all about it till just now. when I happened to feel the thing. Lucky, isn't it?" "It's a God-send," replied Mark. By George, if I only had Prince !" He sighed, and Wade looked sympathetically at him. "Yon may ome across Prince, you know. By the way, old Tally-ho will have him by this time. ,You know he wanted him. Wouldn't it be a huge 'joke if you could turn up at the battalion and politely say to the old chap that if he'd quite finished with Prince you'd be glad to have him back ? " "That's where I shall make for, first thing, all , being well," said Mark. "As far as I can tell, ,our people are about as near to Pretoria as any- body else. It would be a bitter thing if they were first in, and we were out of it." "As for that," said Wade, with a laugh, "aren't we in before 'em ? Well, take care of your treasure—l've kept the skewer for you, and I think I can lay hands on a penknife. You'll find 'em all ;useful. You see, you might easily pin a snake .with a skewer an' trim him with the- knife. It isn't pleasant sort of feeding, but a man's often ,been glad of worse. Then there are locusts, and there'll be lots of chances of slices from a horse. I shall expect any morning now to wake and find that you've gone." Mark had suddenly become more hopeful. ITe was beginning to believe that after all his desperate attempt might be successful, and that he would yet live to rejoin his battalion and Lizzie ; and perhaps even to claim Prince from the Major in some such dramatic style as Wade had pictured. I But at the mention of the name of Boota, and the hints as to his unwillingness to take the field, a fresh idea had entered the trooper s mind. Would it not be possible to secure the disaffected burgher as an ally? No sooner had this thought come into Benn's mind than he set himself to learn all he could as 'to the sort of man that Boota was, and to try and calculate how much he might rely upon the burgher's help, if he should find the young man friendly. He found on consideration that Mrs. Boots had said Several things which could only mean that she and her family had no wish to take part in the war, that all they desired was to be left in peace, and that it had not been very willingly that the two men had left the farm and journeyed to the capital. If she had not put it into so many words, Mrs. Boots certainly had given Mark to understand that if he made known that he had seen her and that she was well disposed towards him, both the son and father, if they could, would make it in their way to serve him. : Wade's remarks, too, were of use. That shrewd trooper knew pretty nearly all the current:gossip of the place, and all the weak and strong points of the people who were set to guard them, and more than once ite had declared that if he had any thought of escaping, and needed a helper in the ranks of the enemy, that helper would assuredly be Boota, the burgher. Wade, on this point, had laboriously explained that it would be a case of humanity, and not bribery and corruption. "The man's heart's in the wrong place," lie said, "from the Boer's point of view. Ile's pro-British, if he's anything, and I believe would rather help a prisoner to get away than try to keep him. Bilk you see, they can afford to have one or two slack chaps like that, for what's to become of a man on the veld, even if he gets clear of this hole ? He can't live on dust and rocks—and, as far as I've seen, that's about all you can catch on the veld. No, they rem ln't bother their heads about the soft- looking bur:;aer ; he's good enough for his post. He's like the man whose heart was in the High- lands, chasing vlie deer, when his body was some- here else." Wade had rambled pleasantly concerning Boots, and Bonn, not knowing who the burgher was, and not then having definitely resolved to escape, had listened idly. Now, however, lie strove to recollect everything that he had heard and seen, and in the end was satisfied that he might set to work to learn how far he could depend on Boota as a helper in his scheme.

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19011115_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISHMEN IN TROUBLE

Thousands of Englishmen are in pain and. treuble every day through Backache, Lutnbsgo, Gr tvel. Kidney Disease, Dropsy, Wind, Water complaints. All these will find a p.sitice cure In Holdtoyd's Gravel Pills. Try one box money returned if Lot satisfied. 11 Lid. all chemists. Yost tree 12 stamps.

HOLDROICD'S MBDICAL HALL Cleckheaton, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN GARLICK-

More about his Hull Transactions. Further interesting details respecting the notoriouS John Garlick's Hull trading transactions were revealed at a meeting of creditors held at Hull on Tuesday...4l2e Official Receiver said that sixty proofs had been ten- dered, representing about £1,700. There was no state- ment of affairs, for the simple reason that the debtor had absconded. With regard to the assets, he bad had them valued, and they were estimated to realise over £1,200. There were very few book debts. When Brooks was arrested at Cardiff some money was found on him—over £2o,—a gold watch, a brass chain repro- sentiog gold, • gold seal, a rule, a knife, and other aiticles, In addition there was a £5 note, and in the house in Corporation-road, Cardiff, there were found three complete clothing outfits. The young woman who eloped with Brooks had returned to Hull with sorne money in her possession, two pairs of blankets, two carriage rugs, and a new hymn-book. (Laughter). This young woman when questioned declared that Brooks had only given her sufficient to pay her railway fare home from Cardiff. Subsequent investigations, however, brought to light the fact that she had invested £lO in the Savings Bank, and had bought herself several articles, including an umbrella, for which she gave a guinea, a travelling tag, and other things. The money had since been appropriated to the estate. As son as che petition was filed appli- cation was made for the appointment of a special maaa- ger. Having regard t) the great difficulty with tba workpeople, among whom there was nearly a riot, and the threat to wreck the premises, it was very desirable that a special manager should be appointed. Mr Wilfred Smailes was therefore appointed, and bad done wonders in the short space of time he had been in that:position. He had discovered assets, which be bad turned into gold, which otherwise would have been difficult to get at. Mr H P Horsley: There is a rumour that Brooks is an undischarged bankrupt from Liverpool. The Official Receiver: It so, I am sorry for the creditors.

Mr Wilfred &tulles, accountant, was appointed trustee to the estate, and five gentlemen, representing the principal creditors, were appointed a committee of inspection. Mr Horsley rematked that the Governor of the Hull Gaol, who had been at Staßord when Brooks was serv- ing 20 months there, had said that Brooks was the Cleverest criminal that he had ever met,

- --- The public examination will take place next Monday.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOSITY REWARDED.

Blackburn Girl's Great Success.

Curiosity is, to a certain extent, ingrained in every human being, but it is generally accepted that tha gentler sex possess more than their fair share. Be this as it may, Miss Elsie Winifred Carter is ready to admit that a little inquisitiveness on her part proved more valuable than she ever anticipated. This young lady is 19 years of age, and she lives with her mother and sister at 88 Bolton-road, Blackburn, being a dressmaker by occupation. In conversation with Miss Carter at her residence a reporter from the" Blackburn Standard and Express" : learnt of the aforementioned curiosity and the manner , in chich it was satisfied. " August has been an unlucky month for me for the - past two or three years," Miss Carter remarked, " for I have always broken down in health at that time, which is the end of the season. I used to come home at night from my work feeling very sickly and exhausted, and ' everyone commented on my pale appearance. This went on unchecked until I became completely run down. Though I took medicine it seemed to have no , effect whatever upon me."

At this point Mrs Carter, who was present, inter- posed and said, " Yes ;my daughter was really very ill, and many a morning I have heard her say, wearily. "Oh, I wish I was not going to work, I am so tired al- ready." In her spare moments she would fall asleep and yet wake up even more exbausteci, which was strange, seeing that she was fcnd 01 being out and about. But I will tell you how the trouble was conquered. In my shop (a chemist's) I sell Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people. 1 you know, and I had decided to take some myself. I opened a box and left it in a drawer in the shop. I subsequently noticed that my daughter seemed to be getting over her illness quite remarkably, and one daY when I went to use the bia of pills I found it empty. I made inquiries,and Elsie told me she bad taken them all. unknown to us. and she felt certain her improvement in health was due to Dr Williams' pink pills." " Naturally," continued Mrs Carter, "we were de- lighted with the result of my dear girl's inquisitiveness which led her to try the pills. She continued to take I them, with the result that she has quite recovered her t 0 00hneter cheeks."dhe health and strengtb,and the colour bas returned the l.ThreeEowmanyinterviewer, e replied Mies Carter, " and.! abionxeaslld,.,id you:take altogether P "asked feel like a different being, and I can now do my as a dressmaker without the old tired teeling,wbile the heavy depression has quite vaniehed and I feel well and deerful."

"And it is your conviction that your present state ef health is due to Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people?" " There can be no doubt about it," was the decisive reply. " And•vou are willing your experience shall be made public ? " _ .

" Oh, yes." replied Miss Carter, " Dr Williams' pink pills have cured me, and I am grateful." Mrs. Carter backed up this statement, and added that she would not fail to recommend them as much as sh e could. The reporter elicited the fact that Miss Carter'S father, who was a chemist at Barnber Bridge at tbe time of his death- 15 years ago, was formerly a dis- penser at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London, and that Mrs Carter was a nurse at the same institution.

,'t,;;,i

hn. wt w. Dr. ta

• •i . . 1

t /

===== 0002601_19011115_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRIUMPH OF THE TRAM. ---- American Millionaires Buying

English Trams, It is found that towss a few miles apart can be con - fleeted together by the electric tram at less cost than ha railways. Having satisficd himself that " that's so,'' the American millionaire sees it coming, and forthwith proceeds to buy trams and build electric light railway - The great work of connecting up popular places iii England is almost a monopoly at present : only two or three companies are seriously pushing extensiocs and forming new electric tramwaN companies. The British Electric Traction Co., Limited, are doing well, and their shares are at a high price. The 'lmperial" shareS are changing hands at no less than £25 each. Once, only a few years ago, it is said they could be got for 7s Bd. What fortunes are sometimes trade! Now we are told that Mr Torn Nevins, the New York millionaire, is taking over the Electric Tramway Ccn- struction and Maintenance, Co., Limited, 34, Victoria - street, S.W. This is one of the oldest, having been formed seventeen years ago. Some well-known pro- moters are to be bought out, and the company is to pioneer a great tramway construction scheme in the North, which is to rival the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway is public convenience and constant service. Mr Thomas Nevins, like Sir Thomas Lipton, another great Irishman, is popular in America, where be has laid thousands of miles of track, and still ranks as a railroad king. He owns forty miles of estates in Ireland, where he is retiring to finish his days, while he amuses lumseli in England by giving us new electric tramways in several towns. In Cheltenham he has built, and is CO running,several lines. What are the Electric Tram W 3 Construction shares worth now ? Are there any brglera or jobbers who know them? Mr Nevins's plans would interest a few nibblers in these parts, who are not blind to the great future of electric traction.—" Blackpool Times." •

• The rain and gale on Tuesday caused an immens6 amount of damage to life and property throughout Vas country, particularly in the North of England Ireland. In Lancashire and Yorkshire many towns weef' Inundated, mills stopped, and railway traffic suspende(t. Numerous reports of shipwrecks are to hand. Sewral vessels have been wrecked at Sunderland. Hartlepo')l' and Whitburn, attended, unfortunately by loss of Of. Three yawls were wrecked at Dover and one sunk lt3 collision, but no lives were lost. A petition for divorce has been entered by Mr Pera Hourtenay, the husband of Miss Marie Lloyd. He cite Mr Alec Hurley as the cr-respondent, A amtence of 15 years' penal servitude was pa's lci Or/ Joseph Blunschi, a SWiE43 cook, at the MancbOter Assizes yesterday, for a murderous aßeautt on Johr! Boyle, the night porttr it the London and North-Wes,BM Hotel, Preston.

LARI MANDOLINES, GUITARS, NS, &c, Special Offer ITALIAN MANDOLINR, MAKER'S name Inside, wood. ornamented; les. 64. Carriage paid. Bast freY MOUTK ORGAN, Velvet lined Case Is• ARCHRII Alm SONS, BT. URORGES' CRBSI' 184 S• TOP OF LORD-STREET...IF iRPOOL. Estiblisbea

- :-;------_-721;5EH1L1 e.. lon STOOK OF VI OLI F OLI;

===== 0002601_19011115_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
• • 7. '7.77 *seie‘ n „ ,e

===== 0002601_19011115_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
After an attack of influenza, pleurisy supervened and I wasted away to a shadow, without the strength of a child. I had a racking cough and, my stomach rejected all food; then medical men stated that I had developed consumption, and after treatment in a hospital I was discharged as incurable. Finally I took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and improved immediately. After five boxes I resumed work, and could enjoy food. lam now actually increasing my weight."

Spoken by Mr. GEORGE HARVEY, Wood Cottage, West Bergholt, Essex, to an Essex Telegraph reporter.

Education Department calling attention to the defic- ency in the school accommodation for lementary pur- poses within the borough. Suggestions were made at the meetihir as to how the deficiency should be provided for, and finally a suggestion, whicn was a fterwards made into a resolution, was passed in the following form That the Town Council should apply for the powers of a School Board so as to enable the Council to supply such deficiencies." They all knew that the Government last year made certain suggestions in this direction, and they had reason to believe, that the powers now sought for would be conferred if this formal a.pplication were made. He need not go into any statistics. Phey had been given before, and all that could be said bad been said in order to show the urgency of the case and the necessity for action being taken, What was proposed would be much cheaper and easier of management than the alternative, a school board. He did not want to frighten anyone by dwelling upon the alternative, and he therefore would move the following resolutions That a Bill be promoted by the Town Council in the next session of Parliament to enable the Council to borrow and apply moneys for the Purposes of elementary education, to confer on the Council certain powers of a school board, and for other purposes," and "that the expense be defrayed in the first place out of the borough rate and ultimately out of money to be borrowed under the provisions of the said Bill." tiouccillor SHILLCOCK seconded. Councillor TINNION asked whether Alderman Shaw Green could tell them what would be the cost upon the rates of working this and alio what would be the prob- able cost of a school board ? He thought it desirable they should know the difference. He took it they would have practically all the powers of a school board at con- siderably less expense. Alderman MONKS asked the Town Clerk whether it would not be advisable to include in this Bill the neces- sary Provision for the completion of the [scheme which the Technical Instruction Committee had under con- sideration for secondary education. The TOW 3 CLERK : It is intended to apply for such provision. It is incluied in the resolution by the clause " and other Purposes." Alderman MONKS said his committee the other even- ing passed a resolution recommending the Council in case this Bill was gone on with to apply for the neces- sary powers and in that way obviate the necessity for a Local Government Board inquiry. Alelerman SUTTON observed that as so many of them had not had an opportunity of going into this question very fully, and in order to enable the Town Clerk and the Chairman to answer the questions waich had been put, he thought it would he desirable to adjourn the consideration of the question. The TOWN CLERK said thers was no time to be lost if the Bill was to be promoted in the next Session of Parlia- ment. Alderman SHAW GREEN said the matter would come again before the Council for consideration. Alderman SUTTON remarked that they ought to know a little more about it. The DEPUTY-MAYOR said the issue was an extremely simple one. It was either a School Board or this reso- lution. He did not think there was any necessity for adjournment. At the ineetiog referred to it was dis- tinctly stated that the correspondence between the Education Department and the town authorities was of such a character as to show distinctly that it was the intention of the Education Department to force a School Board upon thettown if certain requirements were not complied with and that speedily. They were all of opinion that if a School Board could be avoided by some means equally advantageous to the town and consider- ably less expensive it should be avoided—(hear, hear)— and it seemed to him that there was no question what- ever that the proper thing for the Council to do was to adopt this resolution, because if they did not get the powers of a School Board immediately they had reason to believe that their action supported as it would be by people high in authority would probably lead to the Government itself bringing in a Bill to make common the powers of a School Board and confer them upoo municipalities like themselves. In that case the cost of the administration of the powers of a School Board by the Council would be 50 per cent. lees than the cost of administration under a School Board. They would gain in economy and equal in efficiency a School Board. (Hear. hear.) He thought it was:their duty to piss the resolution. Councillor BENNETT expressed himself very strongly in favour of the proposal. The advantage in the matter I of economy, he said, was not the only important con- sideration. It was undesirable to multiply orstanizations, and: both elementary and secondary education ought to be in the hands of the same authority. A Town' Council also could be trusted to administer the affairs of education more broadly and impartially than a School Board, and would be less liable to be influenced by out- side considerations. Alderman SHAW GREEN said the passing of this resolu- tion was a formal matter. The question would have to I come before the Council in detail, and then all particu- lars as far as they could be obtained would be given. Alderman SUTTON : That's all right. The MAYOR (to Councillor Tinnion) : Is that satis- factory ? COURCHIOT TINNION ! It will have to be. (Laughter.) The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. • "Colour Sense."

At the Co-operative Hall, on ruesday,Prolessor W Stirling delivered the fifth of the course of lectures which the Combo Trustees have granted to War— rington on "The Senses : Sight, Hearing and Touch," "Colour Sense " was the subject under discussion. The lecturer pointed out that the im- pression on the retina was not quite evanescent, but could be measured. The inapres4on outlasted the stimulus. Dealing withthe subject of colour the lecturer asked, Had it any use and what use had it in the human body and in nature.? It was said that the all-considerate Almighty had made the colours for their pleasure, but he (the lecturer)was perfectly certain He had done nothing of the kind. Colour was certainly not a mere question of the resthetin art. Many colours were inherent and due to the mechanical and chemical constitution of the substance. There were colours which had no significance in nature, and there were plenty of other colours which were extremely significant. They would see, therefore, that the question of colour was to a large extent a utilitarian question' and the physiological side was the way to approach it. Shape was perfectly distinct from colour. ISome artists had a quick eye for form, and their artistic sense for form was secure, but they failed in the colour. There was a colour sense. There were certain human beings who were unable to detect colour. Colour in nature, was due to a vibration of the ether. When it vibrated slowly they saw the colour which was called red, when it vibrated a little quicker they saw violet, quicker still yellow, and quicker still green, and then blue and indigo. There was no such thing as objective colour. There were no colours in the rainbow, and when they sa-vi it, whatever it might betoken to them, it was merely a natural analysis of the white light coming from the sun, in which its different rays were spread out in the form of an artificial spectrum. In describing the retina, the lecturer informed his hearers that it was a portion of the brain. Pictures were thrown on the screen showing the beauty of its construction. Some interesting experiments in colours were shown in which some colours were retained and others reflected. An interesting lecture concluded with an experiment in light, demonstrating the ease , with which the audience could be made colour • blind. • W. T. WILLIAMS.—SPECIALIST in MILLINERY. DRESSES and MANTLES.-74. SINKEY-STREET, and SANKEY•STREET, Warrington. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS Aso SHOE UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL ATERS.—Advt H. M ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC IS THE KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STRICET, Warrington.—; Advt

===== 0002601_19011115_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN

COUNCIL.

The Scl

Powers of a School Board Sought.

-- The election of Mayor, Deputy-Mayor and Aldermen baying been completed at the annual meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Saturday (reports of which will be found in another column) the members proceeded with tie appointmeat of Comm;ttees for ths ensuing year. THE COMM' ('TEES.

The committees Were elected as follows : Watch Committee.—The Mayor and Aldermen Fairclough, Frencomb, Heaton, Hutchinson, Roberts, and Sutton ; Councillors Burton Greening. Pierpoint and John Roberts. Finance and Estate Committee.—Aldernaen Fairclough, Shaw Green. and Monks; Counaillors Bennett. Forshaw, G-reentog. Hulse. A J Jolley. F R Roberts and Wilkinson. Street Imnrovernent end Lighting Committee.—Aldermen Heaton and Sutton ; Councillors Baird, Bennett, James Evans. Forshaw, A J Jolley, Plerpoint, Plumpton and Wilkinson. Health Committee._ men Roberts and Sutton ; Councillors Baird, Burton,Greening,Plumpton, F R Roberts,. Shillcock. Smethurst and Wilkinson. Sanitary Works Committee.—Alderman Monks, Coun- cillors Btird, Bennett, Burton, Duncan, John Evans, Greening, Shillcock, Smethurst and Tinnion. Paving and Sewerage Committee.—Aldermen Heaton and Hutchinson; Councillors Baird, Burton. Davies, A jo.ley. Plumpton, Rogers, Smethurst and Tinnion. Sch ol Attendance Committee.—Alderman Shaw Green; Councillors Brourh, Davies, Duncan. Ellison, James Evans. A Jolley, A J Jolley, Malkin, Peacock, Rogers, Sampson and Shilleock. Museum Committee—men Shaw Green, Monks and Roberts; Councillors Bennett, Brough, Ellison, Greening, Hulse, A J Jolley, and F R Roberts. Cemetery Committee.—Councillors Brough, Duncan, John Evans. James Evans, Hulse, A Jolley, Peacock, Sampson, Shillsock and Wilkinson. Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee.—The Mayor and Alderman Balton, Fairclough. Francomb, Heaton. Hutchin- son and Sutton: Councillors Ellison, Greening,john Roberts and Smethurst. Markets Committee —Alderman tfutchicson ; Conncillors Baird, Duncan, Forshaw, A Jolley, Peacock, John Roberts, William Roberts, Rogers and Shillcocic. Gas Committee.—Aldermen Bolton. Fairclough and Heaton; Councillors Duncan, John Evans. A J Jolley, Pierpolnt, John Roberts. Shillcack and Manion. Rivers Committee —Aldermen Bolton, Vairclough,Heaton Hutchinson. Monks, Roberts and Sutton ; Councillors Bennett. John Evans and Tinnion. Fite Engine Hommittee.—conneillors "Burton. Duncan. aamrs Evans. A Jolley, A J Jolley, Malkin, Peacock, Plump- tan. W Roberta and Emethdrst. Water Committee —Aldermen' Bolton, Francomb, Shaw Green. Hutchinson. Monks and Roberts; Councillors Baird, John Evans, A J. Jolley and Rogers. Gymnasium Committee.—Councillors John Evans, James Evans, Hulse, William Roberts, Staillcock, Tinnion and Wilkinson; and Messrs Daniel Jones, Hugh Ferguson, John Hesketh, George Vernon, and Thomas Locker. Electricity Committes.—Aldermen Bolton. Fairclough, Heaton, and Monks; Councillors ISennett, John Evans, 2terPoint, Sampson, Smethurst and Tinnion. Trarnvrays Committee —Aldermen Fairclough, Francomb, I,aleaton, Monks, Roberts, and Sutton ; Councillors John °yang, Greening, Plumpton, and Smethurst, r, General Purposes Committee.—The General Parposes s'c'lhmittee consists of all the members of the Council. PRESIDING ALDERMEN. On the motion of Councillor SMETHURST, seconded by Councillor ROGERS, the following presidin; aldermen were oppointed •.—Tswn Hall Ward, Alderman Roberts; Whitecross Ward, Alderman Monks ; Bewatoy Ward, kderman Faired:nigh : Orford Ward, Alderman Hutchinson ; St. Johnia Ward, Alderman Sutton; Fair- - field Ward, Alderman Heston ; Howley Ward, Alder- , an Franco:lob ; St. Austin's Ward, Alderman Shaw and Latchford Ward, Alderman Bolton. REPRESENTATIVES ON COUNTY AUTHORITIES. . The DEPUTY MAYOR moved the re-appointment of Alderman Frane.omb as a representative on the Lance- shire Asylums Bard. He said they were all fully aware cf the responsible duties Alderman Francoinb had per- formed with great satisfaction to them for some years, and he had very much pleasure in moving his re-elec- tion. Alderman 13urcnitssox seconded and it was carried. Alderman SUTTON moved that Alderman Heaton bo appointed a representative nn the Lancashire lnebriatea' Act Board. He said the appointment was a new one and he hsd no doubt Alderman Heaton would perform the duties of the position very satisfactorily. Alia-man FAIRC:,OUGH seconded and it WAS Carried. THE BOROUGH'S CONTRIBUTION TO THE ASYLUMS. A special meeting of the Council Was then held "for the Purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of Promoting jointly with other Lancashire county boroughs, during the ensuing session of Parliament, 'A Bill to amend and alter the Lancashire County (Lunatic Asylums and other Powers) Act, 1891, and to alter the rie of contribution to the expense% of the Lancashire tiVunais Board,' and to pass such resolution or reeolu- if ;la with regard to the Bill as may be expedient, and bar °and adviaanle to apply the borough fund and octchgh rate, tho improvement f und, improvement rate, Councilt Public funds or rates under the control of the promoC tl the payment of the costa and expenses of which ‘°,,g such Bill, and will also determine out of sor 'lob funds or rates the same costs and ex- penses shall be payable, and in what proportion." Alderman Shaw Gnus moved "that the Council do jointly with other Lancashire county boroughs promote during the ensuing session of Parliament a Bill to alter and amend the Lancashire County (Lunatic Asylums and other powers) Act, 1891, and to alter the mode of Contribution to the expenses of the Lancashire Asylums Hlsrd, and that the costs and expenses attending the Same shall be chargeable upon and payable out of the borough fund, and that the Council are hereby authorized under and in pursuance of 'an Art to authorize the application of funds of municipal coreorations and other governing bodies in certain cases to apply such borough fund to the pay- . rnent of such costs and expenses accordingly." He said that by the Act passed in 1891 certain powers were given to the Lancashire county to create an Asylums Board and also to levy certain charges for the expenses thoughnut the county. It had been found that the pro- of toat Act were not applicable to the present day. Many changes had taken place and it had also been clearly ascertained what proportion of lunatics came from certain parts of the county and' that the ; arrangement at the time the Act waS passed was jeep- Dlicable to the circumstances of the present time. It bad therefore been proposed that a Bill, necessary to rahaig4 any amendment of the Act, should be promoted in a nsolose of Commons and various towns and cities (he Mentioned Manchester arid a number of towns) should Promote this Bill. As VVarrington was a county borough ..,ead Part and parcel of the transaction it had been deemed adyitsable that they should be represented upon - this Board. The resolution was to enable them with h.n other towns to promote and share the expense of a I '3lll in the next session of Parliament. Alderman FRANCOMB seconded and it was carried. THE SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION DIFFICULTY. PROpoSED APPLICATION TO PARLIAMENT. THE COUNCIL SEEK THE POWERS OF A SCHOOL BOARD. . A Ineetirg was then held " for the purpose of con- ltylde ericg and, if thought fit, of passing a resolution that Council do promote a Bill in the next sessinn of 11;_rilatnent to enable the Council to borrow and apply oenti-Z nh fort the purposes of elementary education, to an Council certain powers of a School Board, for other purpose'." alde to r 8,13 `Pau Snaw GESEN said the proposition he had it was a very short one, and two or three words Were necessary to explain it. A recent meeting. ,17ciianlisa by and held under the direction of the Conn- ,attended by a large number of influential rate- ', .n, .was held in that room for the purpose of ring a letter that had been received from the

1

• _ r CADB"" r ltitnul tY nY'S COCOA Is a pure. refined beverage, nntritious, *eta. 1',..1141. and digestible. The" Lancet " says it " repre- aduthm"e standard of highest purity." entirely free from npou hUres, such as kola, malt, hops, alkali, eta. Insist lubsti 'wing CADBURY'S, as other Cocoas are sometimes tuted for extra profit. In Packets and Tins only. (2)

I

===== 0002601_19011115_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
loot Accommodation Difficulty.

nu EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15 1901,

the same knowledge and experience in municipal matters but I hope I can promise you that I will do my utmost to promote the welfare of Warring- ton, to preside at your Council meetings, and to the best of my ability to maintain the traditions of the high position to which you have called me, and with God's help and the pood-will and assistance ,of those around me, to fulfil, the duties I may be called upon to undertake, and the responsibilities which may devolve upon me. (Applause.) His ' worship cmcluded by asking the members to accompanying him to the morning service at the Parish Church on the following day. The MAxon said tiat the first appointment he had to maks in his official capacity was that of Deputy Mayor. He appointed Alderman Henry Roberts to the position. (Applau,e.) He was very fortunate in being able to appoint a gentle- man who had with so much energy and talent con- ducted the affairs of the Council during the last two years, and he felt honoured by his kindly accept- ance of the offi:ie. (Ap,lause.) The DEPUTY Nlalcon, woo was received with applau,e, thanked the Mayor for this mark of his confidence, and said be would content himself by saying that having had that confidence bestowed upon him it should not be misplaced. (Hear, hear.) Everything he could possibly do to assist the Mayor in the duties of his office would be most freely laid at his disposal, and he hoped that when the Mayor retired from offi3e, which be trusted would not he at the end of the first year, he would feel that he had had the united support of the Council in everything he had undertaken. (Ap- plause.) Tne MAYOR appointed as his chaplain the Rev. Canon Willis.

be heard people speaking of sales of work and bazaars with disparagement, that there was one side of such movements they did not think about. In the churches there were too few things to bring the young people together, and he believed that if efforts were made to bring them together oftener it would be a blessing to God's church, How many hun- dreds of young people did they see parading the streets ori a Sunday evening, many of them never knowing what it was to go inside a place of worship ? He had spoken to a number of young men in Warrington and they had told him they had nowhere to go to at nights. They had either to go to the public house, they said,and talk scandal or go borne and go to bed. That was not true but still many men thought it was true. One of the bright sides of sales of work and bazaars was that it brought the young people together. They were also a . .

- necessity because they required funds to pay the ex- penses of the church. R 3 daresay some of them thought that if they could do without expenses in connection wi:h the church it would be very nice,and perhaps mart successful, but he did not think it would be so, for they would lose much of the energy which was now neces- sary for healthy church life. The Rev E T REED thanked Dr Harcourt and litre H3rcourt and proceeded to state that the amount paid in rent and ground rent in connection with the church and schcol was £44 103. per annum and ace minted for some of the difficulty in meeting their expenditure. The R,v W C J Neville, the new Wesleyan minister at Warrington pronounced the benediction and business was then commenced.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW MAYOR.

Unanimously Elected by the Town

Council.

The time-honoured ceremony of electing the Chief Magistrate of the Borough for the ensuing twelve months, took place at noon on Saturday. The space in the Chamber allotted to the'pablic use was somewhat uncomfortably crowdea by towns- men interested in the proceedings. A number of ladies also put in an appearance and they were accommodated with seats near the Mayoral chair. Amongst those present were Mrs Henry Roberts and Miss Roberts, and Mrs J C Parr and the Misses Parr. All the members of the Council were present, with the exception of Councillors Brough, Burton, Duncan and Wilkinson. Thera was also a large attendance of officials. When the entrance of the retiring Mayor was announced by the appearance of the mace and sword bearers the assembly rose. At the request of the Mayor all present con- tinued st anding,whilst he announced that as it was the birthday ot the King, he thought it was only fitting that they should express their loyalty and sentiments by wishing him very "many happy re- turns of the day," and health to enjoy the years to come. He asked them to join with him in giving three cheers for the King. The suggestion was heartily responded to and three ringing cheers re- sounded throughout the Council Chamber. The 11favonlhaving formally presented the return of the councillors elected on the Ist November, the Council proceeded to the chief busine,s of the day and that was the election of Mayor. The resolution was proposed by the Nlayor and was couched in the following terms "That Joseph Charlton Parr, Esq., be, and he is hereby elected Mayor for the ensuing year, and until the acceptance of office by his suc- cessor." In moving the resolution the MAYOR said it was not necessary for him to say one single word to recommend the proposal to the universal accept- ' ance of the Council. They had already discussed and settled the matter, and although their business that morning was of a somewhat formal cha actor they were none the less hearty in putting the resolution and in asking Mr Pares acceptance of that very honourable and responsible position. They were quite certain of this, that although Mr Parr was not a member of their body, still his long association with the town, and his interest in all its varied matters, had made his name to them quite as familiar as that of anyone in the distrin They knew also that everything that appertained to the good ot the people would have his cordial support and his active interest. (Applause.) They also felt certain that he would be very loyally, ably. and courteously assisted in the work by Mrs Parr ; and as far as he (the speaker) was conernel he was sure that the members of the Council,with himself, would do all they could to assist Mr Parr during the year to carry out the responsible duties of the position, to teke as much of the burden of the work that should fall ordinarily upon his shoulaers upon their own, and to give him every consideration, seeing that for some time to come at any rate he would be somewhat of a stranger to the duties of the office. (Applause.) He begged to Imove the proposition. He called upon the "Father of the Council" to second the resolution. Alderman SUTTON remarked that after what had been said it might be considered unnecessary and superfluous to dilate upon the merits of Mr Parr or his fitness to occupy the position of mayor. Mr Parr was well known and respected not only in Warrington, but throughout the U ited Kingdom, and any attempt on his part to evtol his good qualities might be looked upon as presumptuous. He would, therefore, content himself by saying that Mr Parr conferred an honour upon the borough by agreeing to accept the office. (Hear, hear.) As they all knew, it was not an unusaal thing for a gentleman in a high position of life to be elected mayor of a borough: it had been done in several cases lately, and it was to be hoped that the inter- est which Mr Parr was about to take in municipal affairs would induce large and influential ratepay- ers to come before the constituents. Notwithstand- ing all the hard things which had been said against the present Council, he maintained that the town had never had a better lot of representatives— (laughter)—thau themselves. (Renewed laughter.l If these gentlemen thought they could do the work better, all he had to say was "Let them come and do it. Let them instead of grumbling so much, come into the Council and teach us how to do better." (Applause.) He, for one, should be very much disposed to be taught and receive a lesson. He had only to say in corroboration of what hal been said, that on his own behalf, and on behalf of the other members, they would do their best to assist Mr Parr and to make his year of office as happy, as agreeable. and as pleasant as it was possible to be. (Applause.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and heartily agreed to. The retiring Mayor and Alderman Sutton and the Town Clerk then left the room, and shortly afterwards returned to the Council Chamber accom- panied by Mr Parr wearing the chain and robes of

office. Having signed the usual declaration, the newly- elected Mayor, who had a cordial reception, said: In thanking sof; for the honour jast conferred the greatest you have in your power to confer, and a greater than I could ever have hoped to receive at your hands, I can only say that while keenly ap- preciating the compliaent, I am deeply sensible of the responsibility which must necessarily accom- pany it, a reaponsibiliy I dared not have under- taken had it not been for the assurance given me in the requisition in which you asked me to accept the nomination, that all the Council would do their utmost to assist me in the performance of the duties of the office. (Hear, hear). My connection with Warrington has been along one, and a happy one, and I may now say a very proud one, for it is a distinguished honour for one outside the muni- cipal Council to be chosen Mayor of an important county borough, such as Warrington, a prosperous and increasing town, embracing so many trades, in- dustries and manufactures, in wbAt, I think, we may, without undue pride consider one of the lead- , ing counties, if not the leading county of England, ' and it is said that" What Lancashire thinks to-day England will think to-morrow." (Applause). You have had many distinguished men as Mayors, since the incorporation of the borough. First and fore- most, our good old friend who has passed away, Mr Beamont ; and lam sure I may say that the last occupant of the mayoral chair, my predecessor, has by his enterprise, his industry, and his indomitable energy, earned the appreciation of not only the Warrington of the pre- sent, but also of the Warrington of future genera- tions„ by the public works, improvements, and embellishments inaugurated under his auspices. Of his work in the Council, of course, I can have no experience, but from my personal knowledge, I can speak of his courtesy and consideration for those, who like myself, are outside the municipal area, but take an interest in the town and its pro- ceedings. In addition to all this, he has ever been ready to lend a helping hand to any charitable institution or any association having tor its object the advancement, the welfare, the education, or the social improvement of the town, being ever ready to place at their disposal the accommodation of the Town Hall, and to give in most cases his per- sonal interest and assistance, by presiding at their meetings For myself I can only say that I hope to follow the good example of my predecessor in all the useful work he has done, and the kindly encouragement he has given to the various good works carried on during his mayoralty. (Applause.) I cannot promise you the same business capacity.

Soak the hands thoroughly, on retiring, in a HOT lather of CVTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely with CUTICURA Ointment. Wear old gloves during the night. For sore hands,itehing,burning palms and paint ul finger ends, this one night cure is woliderfal. Sold by all Chemiete, or postpaid by F. NEWSPRY & SONS, VASIdQL:E. C. POITZ..R C0u,... Sole Pro,, Ite.ton. C. S.

SOFT 0f T wHITE 0 .. .;1.....,..t...„ c ..//4....,..,.., 1,2 'itp,„ HANDS p N•fits,, ' '• ....',...44, .. , 0,1 .g.:•., .... ....:, . ;;;;...,,...71f.'7: t\n,v... ' 01l •.:, 31,,, lit • 1) ''',.:,. ...1. .:, ..„...: . Ji• 9 „•...' '- i..., ; ;ai'll fYi' r.,,....,-,-, .- .v.... - •tvi, `` SO IV) 6,:" :-.. •:: • .....{ _';•_ Y • ` '4.1 '

===== 0002601_19011115_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY'S OPENING CEREMONY. THE REV JOHN YONGE AND RAFFLING AT BAZAARS.

The sale was re-opened on Friday evening by the Rev John Yonge in the presence of a good attendance. In opening the proceedings the Rev E T Reed referred to the completion by the Rev J Youge of the 25th year of his pastorate. He said that such an event was one that ought not to be passed without notice and in the name of the congregation and in this own name he congratulated Mr Yonge very heartily. Mr Reedlwent on to mention the fact that in a copy of the" Reformed Church Record," a journal formerly published in connection with the Reformed Church, he saw an account of the opening services of Emmanuel Church in March,lBB3, and in that account a reference was made to a sermon preached by Mr Yonge, in con- nection with those services.

The Rev Joni.; YONDE, in opening the sale, said that they in the Free Churches honoured Mr Re:•cl and the congregation at Emmanuel Church for the stand they had taken for Evangelical truth against the sacerdotal teaching which was prevalent In a great many of the churches around them. Continuing, the rev gentleman expressed his pleasure that they always seemed to have steered clear of any questionable methods of carrying on the sales of work in connection with that church. Personally he should like to express a word of gratification that the Vicar of Sr. James should insert in the papers so manly a protest against the detestable habit of raffling at bazaars. He (the speaker) entirely endorsed every word that Mr Powell said in that letter and he hoped it would have a very good influence for good in the management of future bazaars in Warrington. It was a very abominable thing that people who were trying to work for the cause of righteousness, truth and goodness in the town should allow themselves to be led out into such very doubtful and questionable paths as those to which he had made reference. If they could keep their sales of work entirely free from those things he did not think they should lose anythingeven pecuniarily, and they should gain something morally. They could not expect the Cause of religion to flourish if they attempted to promote it by questionable and doubtful means. (Applause.) In thanking Mr. Yonge for his presence, the Rev. E. T. REED said he was very glad to endorse all that Mr. Yonge had said about the desirability of keeping out those questionable things from bat tars and sales of work. It gave him pleasure to see the letter in the press from the Vicar of Sr. James'. He thought if they all took a stand of that kind these practices would soon be entirely removed. It was announced that the proceeds for the two previous days amounted to a little over £76.

TOTAL PROCEEDS.

The proceeds for -t-te three days totalled £95 14s. 93.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILIT •

If so, you should know the cause and get a rem&ly. The commonest cause of that wretched, " always cold" feeling is what is known as "liver chill." Good blood means that you are able to stand cold. Poor, weak blood, that you always feel chilly. The blood is often made poor and weak by imperfect liver action. How? In this way. The liver extracts from the blood the ele- ments from which it makes bile. When the liver becomes weakened or sluggish—which often results from the heat of summer—it ceases to extract these substances from the blood. Result- the bile constituents flow all through the circulatory system, the blood is poisoned, it no longer keeps you warm. Your hands and feet become cold, you shiver, feel those miserable depressed feelings, have continual fits of "the blues," and become alto- gether most irritable and "out of sorts." So much for the cause. How about the cure? First put the liver into proper order, and keep it so. Giro it a little help at first until it gets going again. Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for itiliousness do this exactly. They are a liver specific. They correct the liver and help it to do its work. In disordered systems the bile is by their help extracted, the blood purified, and that natural warmth generated which ends for good those chilly sensations. Remember also that Bile Beans are purely vegetable, and that doctors now prescribe them. You may get them from any Chemist for Is. 1 fd. or 2s. 9d. per box: but be aware of preparations represented as being Bile Beans, but which are sold loose in pennyworths.

pia..iiinflj, • _ , „ ? „., . . „ ~,c „.,1/4.,: , ~,„ , „ . :. , ~,,..., ~, , , .‘ .; , . . ~,,,,,..• , ._,....:.,....„

===== 0002601_19011115_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
a, , • , ~,,•.• .......: of, , ei..........: -•.,,:.- , *I r.4ii q .. V N.lo ',•':-.-:,',f,..,41.4.4:,- .-. :EA ."-- IT, -11.1.0USNESS:,: ~ • - -

••••••=l/OMME=I

Ambulance Competition at Warrington. The competition for the Crosfield Challenge Shield was held at the Warrington Gymnasium on Saturday, the following teams competing : O. ldham, Brierfield, Kendal and Blackpool. The judges were Lieutenant-Colonel C 3 Trimble, M.D., of Preston (the deputy commissioner), Dr Thomp- son, of Chester (district chief surgeon), Mr A L Garnett, of Burnley (district superintending secre- tary), and Mr Whittaker, of Accrington (district superintendent). The competition was very keen Oldham and Kendal tying the first time. They then had to undergo a second examination, which resulted in a win for Kendal.— At the close of the competition colonel Trimble in presenting the Shield to the winning team, said that the work done had been far above the aver- age.—The visitors then, together with the men ot the Warrington corps, adjourned to the Patten Arms, where a good repast had been provided by Messrs Crosfield. A capital entertainment fol- lowed, presided over by Mr Arthur H Crcsfield, and some goad songs were rendered. After the usual i toasts had been given, Colonel Trimble referred n glowing terms to the good work done by the St. John Ambulance men in South Africa. He stated that over 2,000 men had gone out to assist the Royal Army Medical Corps,B3o of whom came from Lanca- shire known as the No 4 District. Mr Arthur Cros- field also spoke of the work done by the men. and of the manner in which they ho.d responded to their country's call. He felt proud to preside over such a gathering. Mr Geo Crosfield spoke of the work which he had seen the men doing in South Africa, and although under very trying conditions, yet he said they did their work cheerfully and well, as was proved by the excellent testimonials brought home by the men from both civil and military doctors under whom they served.i Alder- man Roberts (deputy Mayor) looked n during the evening and received a very 'hearty welcome. As the time drew near for the visiting teams to catch theii trains the gathering broke up after singing the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMANUEL REFORMED CHURCH, WARRINGTON.

Annual Sale of Work. The annual three days' sale of work in connection with the Emmanuel (deformed Episcopal) Church, Warring 'on, was held last week. Wednesday was the opening day of the sale and despite the in- clement weather there was a numerous attendance of members of the congregation and friends to witness the opening ceremony in the schoolroom over Arp- ley Station. Texts and mottoes adorned the walls and the stails had been artistically draped. Alto gother there were six well arranged st ails containing a multitudinous variety of articles destined for sale as well as a tea room. In a circular issued on behalf of the congregation it was stated that the debt on the church building referred to in last year's appeal was, by a special effort, cleared off by the close of last year. It was also a matter for deep thankfulness that their missionary student, at the end of his third year at college, was awarded the first honour certificate Of his year. They trusted that at the close of his college course,' hey would have the jay of recording that he had taken his place by the side of other honoured workers in the foreign mission field. The following is a list of stalls and stallholders : Mrs Reed's s;a11, Mrs E T Reed, Mr and Mrs G Norman, Mr and Mrs Matthews; cmgregational stall, Miss Mason, Mr and Mrs William Atherton, Mr and Mrs William Dickens, Mrs Arrnstong. Miss Edith Broadhurst ; Christian Endeavour and children's stall, Misses Annie Booth, Ebel Fledge, Jeaks, Beatrice Carriage, Elinde, Nellie B yardman, Nellie Matthe vs. Annetta Mee and Lizzie Heald, Mr J Hodge and Mr H T Kane; fin aver and trait stall, alrs Albert Smithson, Mies Annie Harding, Miss Esie Taylor, Mr James Callan and Mr Arthur Matthews ; Sun lay school stall, Mrs A Gandy, Mrs 13 übErt Landon, Mrs John Lloyd, Mrs Frank Lloyd, Mrs J Bibby, Miss Clara Lloyd and Miss Alice Miner& ; refreshment stall, Miss Less, and Miss Eva Lees, Misses Allen, Straw, Elsie and Mary Sandy ; tea room. Mrs Henry Gandy, Mrs Bellwood, Mrs Eccles, Mrs Myles and Mrs Banner. Amongst those present at the opening ceremony were Mrs Armitage, the Mayoress (Mrs El Roberts), Mrs John Yonge, Mrs R Garnett, Mrs Clay, Rev E T and Mrs Reed, Rev C Finch, Rev T Bishop, Mr .1 Pecimore and others. After prayer had been offered by the Rev C Fixers, The Rev E T REED, in a few introductory remarks, said he regretted to have to announce the absence of Mr Arinitage, who was expected to open the sale. Mr. Armitage wrote from Newton Bank, Preston Brook, as follows :—Dear Mr Reed, I aim glad that you have got two strings to your bow, and that coasequentle my un- avoidable absence from your sale of work will hardly be felt. You will, I feel sure, believe that I regret I am unable to keep my engag,ment, and would not have! stayed away bet for imperative reasons. I am, in truth, afraid to face the fog, and for a few days have had to wait at home until it cleared away. To-day it declines to clear and I must remain in the house. Mr. Reed proceeded to refer to the interest which Mr. Armitage took in the Emmanuel Church and alluded to the fact that one of the memorial stones of the church was laid by Mr Armitage on October 9th, 1882. His (Mr Reed's) experience of Mr Armitage's kindness did not date so far back as that year, for his ministry at War- rington had not yet reached a period of ten years. At Christmas he completed ten years' ministry at Emman- uel Church and from the very outset of his work in Warrineton he had exoerienced the greatest kindness and sympathy fr im Mr and Mrs Armitage. In the milt of many difficulties and in connection with what bad been a very uphill fight there had always been a kindly sympathy extended to him and Mrs Reed. Referring to the foundation of the Reformed Episcopal Church in 1873 he rated that it was the outcome of the Tractarian movement in this sense that the Tree- tarian movement in this country and also on the other Iside of the Atlantic lei many Evangelical church people to see that it was hopeless to contend against the aacer- dotalism and ritualism within the Church of England in this country and t e Protestant Episcopal Church in America. A number of sincere, whole-hearted Chris- tian men and ministers decided in view of the falling away from the old Evangelical principles on the part of those within the Church of England and the Protestant Episcopal Church of America, that it was necessary to commence a new movement on thorougeholnyscieevnacnegestaitcc: and protestant lines. Like all new movements they had had to contend with great difficulties on both sides of the Atlantic, bat they had endeavoured to per- severe maintaining their testimen? for "their work was progressing in Eagland,Canads, and the United States, and in connection With their missionary work p y work in India, he was honing that their young friend and missionary student, Joseph Callan,would be able to takee s Mrs ainitage to open the sale mp raer n i n e at lhl iant a work,up on on behalf of her husband. (Applause.) Mrs AIMITAGE said she must apologise for the absence of Mr Armitage who could not attend that afternoon without running a risk. She persuaded him to stay at , home and really it was her fault that he had not come. (Laughter). He had given her some words to read to them sad she would do so. They were as follows :—We are very glad to be counted amongst the number of the friends and well-wishers of Emmanuel Church to whom you look on occasions such as the present to take their turn in these helpful offices. You are to be congratulated noon the success which has attended your constant efforts to pay off the remains of debt which were incurred in the building of your church and although it has sometimes appeared to be very uphill work to those who have had the burden of responsi- bility to bear, we may say that those of us who took any share in the rearing of Emmanuel Church have nothing to regret. Church treasurers with whom I have Some acquaintance as a class are generally person- ally afraid of contracting debts which seem likely tn hang over them for years to come, and very properly so if the obligation is greater than can be overcome by , strenuous effort, but on the other hand, debt, and struggle and necessity are better stimulants to exertion and are more formative of strong cnaracter and self- reliance than is the condition of luxurious ease which ' comes when we have all that we require and want for nothiog. We are glad thus to help those who have proved themselves able and willing to help themselves and hope that your sale will realise all you anticipate." In conclusion Mrs. Armitage expressed the hope that the sale would he successful and declared it open. The Rev E T REED acknowle iged the services of Mrs Armitage and intinsated that be had received donations amounting to £23 73 61. (Applause.) Business was then commenced and the result of the day's takings, including the donations, was the raising of the satisfactory sum of £53 12s.

THURSDAY'S PRO6EEDINGS. The sale was ag&in opened on Thursday. Prayer was offered by the Rev J F Matthews, of Latchford Baptist Chanel. In the course of a few opening remarks, the Rev E T Reed alluded with satisfaction to the previous day's results. Alluding to the presence of Dr Harcourt M.D., and Mrs Harcourt he stated that they had not been long in their midst but he trusted that their stay in Warrington would be pleasant and profitable to them. Mr Reed proceeded to refer to the necessity of Christian Unity and stated that he could not understand competition between evange- lical Christian churches. Co-operation ought to be their aim, for said he, they were all agreed on the essential points. Tiles were all agreed that the one foundation of the church was their Blessed Lard and Saviour,Jesus Christ. (Hear, hear.) Dr Haßconer stated that both he and Mrs Harcourt felt that they bad been greatly honoured by being asked to opea that sale of work. They knew the difficulty under which those connected with Emmanuel Church were struggling. When they considered the number of people who never entered a place of worship, and whm he, as a medical man going from house t 3 house, saw the effects of the demon— drink, both he and Mrs. Harcourt were only too pleased to help such a cause. The blessing of God's work was not known as it ought to be. He often thought when

===== 0002601_19011115_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
"Seven years ago town life began to affect my health. I grew pale and thin; attacks of dizziness seized me; my eyes were dim and weak, and indigestion made me turn away from food. For four months I lay in bed, ill and miser- able through bloodlessness, or anmmia, as the doctors called it. Then my father obtained for me Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale

People, and after only two boxes

I felt better. A month later I could run upstairs without trouble F- = -I was a new woman."

These are the words of Miss AGNES M'DONALD. of 12, Cameron Street, Glasgow.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR AND CORPORATION AT CHURCH.

Sermon by the Rector.

:Drink, Gambling and Abuse of God's Day. The new Mayor, accompanied by members of the Cor- poration, attended divine service at the Parish Church on Sunday morning. Fine weather favoured the event, and many turned out in the bright sunlight to witness the picturesque spectacle which attends civic Sunday. Promptly at ten o'clock, the procession started from the Town Hall to the music of the Volunteer Regimental Band. The Volunteer Bugle Band was also in attend- ance and played occasionally en route to the Parish Church. The Volunteers turned out in review order and presented a very smart appearance. Colonel Ridgway Was at the head of the battalion which is now over 1,000 strong, and includes a capable cyclist section and a promising mounted infantry company. The local corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade followed, in charge of Captain Waring, and the large number in attendance ass evidence of the increasing popularity of this useful institution. Superintendent Tamer and his shining helmeted firemen followed, and they Were succeeded by a posse of police with the Chief Constable as marshal of the procession, in charge. The sword and mace bearers (Sergeants Bell and Dean) with their antique and picturesque costumes carried tae Corporation insignia with dienity. The Mayor, wearing his robes and chain of office, rode in his private carriage in company with the Deputy Mayor,the Borough mem- ber and the Town Clerk. Immediately behind walked Aldermen Bolton,Francomie,Shaw Green ,Heaton Hutchinson, Fairclougb, Monks, and Sutton ; and Councillors Baird, Shillcock, A J Jolley, Hulse, Davies, Pierpoint, John Evans, W Roberts, Peacock, A Jolley, Ellison, Rogers, John Roberts, Smethurst. Forshaw, Sampson, Malkin, Bennett,Tionion, and Wilkiason. Tbe officials followed as well as members of the Board of Guardians including Mrs Clay. Amongst the local townsmen in the procession was Mr A H Crosfield. On arrival at the Parish Church, the procession was met at the gates by the Rector, the assistant clergy and churchwardens. Seats bad been reserved in the centre of the church for those in the procession' and when the service began, the church was filled in every part. Tile lessons were read by the Rev. Morley Stevenson and the Rev EJ Willcocks and the prayers intoned by the Rev G W Dickinson, 8.A., and the Rev A F White,M.A. (assistant clergy). Mr FM Darby, Mus Bac.,presided at the organ with marked ability and the singing was exceptionally well led by the choir. The sermon was preached by the Hector from the words Who is wise and he shall understand these things ? prudent, and he Isbell know them ? for the ways of the Lord are right, and the just shall walk in them ; but the transgressors shall fail therein." Hosea xiv. 9. He prefaced his address with a few words of welcome, and thankfulness, that his Worship the Mayor of War- ' rington and members of the Corporation and the other officers and representatives of the State were gathered together in Church that morning and for two reasons ; first because without God's help they could do nothing. They, as believers and as christians. trusted in Gods help. Secondly their preseoce was a sign of the con- tinuity between the Church and State. Might he remind them that for over 1600 years, from the time of Con- stantine, the Church and State had been united, and in this country for more than 1000 years had it been so. And long might it so remain. Might he further preface his address with a few words of recognition and:apprecia tion of the work done by the retiring Mayor and the retiring members of the Corporation during the past two years? It had been an anxious and difficult task during the sad war in South Africsaand they had reason indeed to feel grateful and thankful for all that had been done by the late Mayor. Proceeding, he asked to be allowed to speak a few words of one euragement and of anticipation for the future, and ask all present to pray that God would give grace and strength to the new Mayor that be might be able to act wisely, fearlessly, impartially and efficiently during his term of office. The Rector the,n proceeded to allude to three great national sins—drinking, gambling, and the abuse of God's day. He did not say drunkenness first,but drink- ing to cxe.cesa. The expenditure upon strong drink last year was £160,000,000-1 great increase upon the year before, and the population of the British Isles was about 40,000,000, which gave an expenditure to each petson, man, woman, and child, of £4 per head, and the ex- penditure ot each family would, therefore, be about £25 a year. That was the average. Suppose a workingman who has to feed, clothe, and educ-te his children spend- ing 103 a week ! Men drank much more than was good for them without ever being drunk. What could be done? Coull not the number of licences be decreased ? Could not the number of hours be shortened, especially on Saturday night and on Sunday ? He passed from drinking to gambling. It had been thrown in their teeth that in their Church bazaars and sales of work they encouraged the gam- bling spirit. Ho had tried to consider that very care- fully, seriously and earnestly, and he had always looked upon raffles as a most innocent thing, because he did not think that he and many others had the gambling spirit. Many persons had no desire whatever when they put in a shilling to win an article worth from 253 to 303, but he said to himself that it was possible that others who were putting in their shillings had a gam- bling spirit, and had desired to win. He had, therefore, come to the conclusion that perhaps the wisest course was not to have the raffles, although he believed them Ito be innocent in themselves. He had been told that little boys and girls selling newspapers had been seen at midnight gambling for half-jeeanies upon the pavement, and that parents saw no harm in their chil- dren gambling. Now, if it was true that it was the great curse of the country, and likely ta be a greater curse in the future even than drinking, they should try to do everything they could to stop it. Allusion was then made by the Rector to the abuse of God's day. Now it was timply a day of enjoyment, a day of rest for the body. The workingman said "I have been working six days, I shall lie in bed, I shall read my paper, I shall go tor a walk, I shall go by some excur- sion to the sea-side or into the country," and he never thought of all the trouble and work he was inflicting upon others. This was to be God's day, a day of rest for the body, a day of worship for the soul. People might enjoy themselves still as a whole if they did not inflict trouble and work upon others. In conclusion the Rector stated that one of the objects for which the offertory would be made that morning was the restora- tion of the Parish Church. Many of them loved the old Parish Church—the old Church of Eugland, the old Catholic Church of Jesus Christ. Many bad separated from it perhans in consequence of the fault of the Church, but God grant that they might come back again. Be was sure that in their hearts they did love that old church and would like to do something towards its restoration. There was a great deal yet to be done. At first £12,000 was suggested, but the scheme was cut down to £3,000 beeatue the matter of the schools was of urgent importance, and he did not like toopreasnsthies matter. They had about £1,700 of the £3,00, d h was sure that some of them, perhaps all, would like to eive something that day, that that house of God might be made still more beautiful, and still more worthy of the great God to whose service it was dedicated. The offertory having been taken the service concluded with the singing Of the National Anthem.

were

The King's Birthday at Warrington.

Saturday being the anniversary of the King's birth- day, flags floated from the principal commercial establishments and public buildings in the town. At the annual meeting of the Town Council on Saturday three hearty cheers were given for his Majesty at the request of the retiring Mayor, Alder- man Roberts. The Junior Conservative Club, Orford-lane, was brilliqntly illuminated with fairy lamps in the evening, and rockets were sent up at intervals in honour of the event.

UNDER THE CLOCK rOR GOOD)I3OOTS.—Adv STRANGE'S A 1 CRYSTAL OIL. the beet & safest lamp oil.—J, S. GARLAND. 01 to 55 Bridge St, —Advt.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FE. 7-75-

===== 0002601_19011115_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,t_,- E-

===== 0002601_19011115_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3

===== 0002601_19011115_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAVERY REWARDED AT WARRINGTON.

.:_.t • <=. < - ,f; =_-_ ' feir , 4*.s)„, T.1,4T.0*

===== 0002601_19011115_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Presentation of Royal Humane Society's Certificates.

An interesting little ceremony tock place at the con- elution of an inquest at the Warrington Police Station on Wednesday evening, when the Deputy-Coroner (Mr F A Jones) presented vellum certificates awarded by the Royal Humane Society to William Chumley (12), who resides in Edmund-street, and William Melling, who is employed at Messrs Houghton'a wireworks and lives at 12, Sutton-street. . . _

In making the presentation the Deputy-Coroner stated that the circumstances which resulted in the certificates being awardcd formed the subject of an inquest conducted by Mr Brighouse a short time ago. The deceased, a youth named George Evans, dived into the St Helens and Sankey Canal with toe object of Swimming to the other side but sank. The boy Chum- ley, who was only twelve years of age, thereupon got into the water and went to deceased's assistance. He canght bold of Evans, but as deceased was pulltog him underneath, he was forced to relinquish his hold. Shortly afterwards Melling came up, and without divesting himself of any clothing dived into the canal to find the body. The water at this particular point Was seven feet deep and at times was in a very filthy and foul condition. At the inquest the jury and the Coroner recommended that Caumley's and Melling,'s names should be submitted to the Royal Humane Society for recognition by them and the Coroner had received the honorary vellum of the Society for presentation to Chumley and Melling. Con- tinuing,the Deputy-coroner said he thought the value of the certificates was enhanced by the fact that they were signed by the new Prince of Wales and would probably be among the last signed by him as Duke of Cornwall and York. Addressing the recipieuts Mr Jones said it gave him very great pleasure indeed to hand the certifi- cates to them. He was sure it must be gratifying to them to know that they had done their duty as English- men, in doing all they could to try and save the life of a fellow creature. He knew of no greater act that any person could do than to risk his own life in attempting to save that of another person. Be was sure that as long as they lived they would feel they had done a noble act. It was what they expected all Eaglishmen to do, and the trait in the character which Euglishmen ad- mired was bravery. The Coroner handed the certificates to Chumley and Melling,and the Foreman of the Jury (Mr Jones) offered to frame them free of charge. A colleation was made ' and resulted in the sum of 7a Id being presented to Melling and 4s to Chumley. In returning thanks Melling said he thought that if he had been on the scene a minute sooner he would have managed to have rescued Evans.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
HUMAN FAILURES.

Why is it some people never succeed in anything Want of ability, you say. Yes, sometimes; but we con tinually meet with meo, well endowed with talent,whn never achievP any success. Want of moral character ? Yes, oftener, tint not always ; for do we not every day find multitudes of folks, who, transgressing no law, yet fail to obtain even modest comfort ? Of course we do. How many never du to-Jay what they can put off till to-morrow ? Sometimes a young man debates with himself whetter he shali enter the Army or not until his coll.ge chum returns from South Afr ea wearing the Victoria Cross ; or ponders whether he shall propose to the girl of his fancy or not until We other fellow marries her. Such people are usually just too late to I acquire whatsver they desire. As they enter the station at one end their train steams swiftly out at the other. That one man should be industrious and another idle can be accounted for quite easily. Heredity and early training have much to do with it, but not all. Because of a sluggish liver, many a man has acquired a reputa- tion foe idlmess. At No. 25, MountOrd-street, Spark- hill. Birmingham, lives Mrs. Taylor, wife of a bicycle maker, formerly in the Army. As a wife and mother pf a family Mrs. Taylor has many duties, which must have been sorely trying to lisr during those spells of sickness from which she formerly suffered. "It wag in my head that I was u0u5117 attacked," said Mrs. Taylor on the 9:h of April, 1901, " and I seldom went a fortnight without being prostrated for two or three days at least. Biliousness and constipation were my greatest ills. Sick headache and dizzUrsss used to warn me of what I should have to suffer, yet I kept on my feet until the very room seemed to turn round ; then, when it became impossible for me to hold my head up, I had to lie on the sofa. For 48 hours or more I used to be like this, only arising from my couch to be dreadfully sick. I had no appetite, and rapi,:ly became extremely weak."

To look for energy in a person suffering as Mrs. Taylor used to suffer is like looking for common sense in an Anarchist. This is how Mrs. Taylor freed herself from her trouble. " Having read in the newspapers of the cures effected by Seigel's Syrup, I resolved to give it a trial. The effect was most unexpected. One bottle alone gave me more relief than all the other medicines I had previously tried, and before I had reached the fourth bottle the change was so wonderful I could hardly realise it. was quite a new being. Since then Seigel's Syrup has been our family medicine. My husband and childrcn all take it when threatened with Plness, and we have never yet found it wanting. We regard it as the most valuable medicine in the world, and are not ashamed to let the world know P." In our Carnegie Competition we have awarded One Guinea to the following Rogers,lol, Blackman- lane, Grosvenor Terrace, Leeds : Miss L Driscoll, Dun- manus West, Toomore Post Office, County Cork ; John Heath, Pantg:as, Garthbeibic, Liangadfan, Welshpool ; A Cheater, junr., 35, Georgesstrept, Loughborough. Further awards will be announced in the newspapers from week to week.

The Woolston Drowning Fatality. The remains of the late Mr George Davies (21), who resided at 49, Allen-street, and who was drowned last Sunday week in the Woolston Canal, near Bobby's Locks were interred in the Cemetery on Sunday afternoon,in the presence of a large eon- course of people. The officiating clergyman was the Rev L W Thomas, curate of St Paul's, who ad- dressed words of consolation to the bereaved mother and relatives. In the course of his sermon 'at the church in the evening the rev, gentleman alluded to the sad accident, mentioning the fact that in a short time Miss Sankey, the young lady who was with deceased when he fell into the water, would have become the deceased's wife. The sad event had come upon her without the slightest warning, and he was sure that both she • and the deceased's relatives had the sympathy of the congregation in the sad loss they had sustained

RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

The fortnightly meeting of the above Order was held in the Greenway-road School on Eaturday, under the presidency of Mr Thomas Eteesom. Thera was a good attendance of officers and members. Mr Edward Key, sen., who was formerly an active worker in the division, gave an interesting address in which he referred to the three years he had spent in Wales. He said that though Wales was more temperate than England there was much drunkenness to deplore. He mentioned cases which had come under his own observation, and con- demned the so-called moderation in drink. At the close of the address the following officers spoke on the subject. Messrs Thomas Cooke, Thomas J Holt, James Johnson, Thomas R Whyte, and Thomas Clarke. On the motion of Mr D Bisbrown, seconded by Mr Samuel Tomlinson, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Key, and he responded in suit- able terms.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
v , , 0 V 1 i I i it f e gt ' 1^ .1 ... ... , . 1 i ' t .. , 1 a 4 t 1 ,r. • ~. -t , , , 1 .1. , , , • ..,t „ , , 4 . r . . 1 ' . r ~ ;1 , • , „rill. N . 'f ) ~. . • ..• 1$ i .„.. - - A ' . ... t ee:.: .t ~ . 1 , 1 j i ... . .. . t . . . . , I' ,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe o,7amtntr go tries

TIE " WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE' EXAMINER." published every Saturday morning. TilE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON ExAMINEB, published every Friday afternoon. TIl HE "ST. zmors ExAmmsu," published every Friday afternoon. THE " RUNCOUN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. rrHE " WIDNES EXA3iIrER," published every Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. Efrie charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE; BXAMINEII.3.

WANTEDS. TO BE LT' I' WORDS VD., ON SALES, 3 And 3d for each succeeding 9 words The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Demotic .otrbanto,

WANTED, GENERAL at once (Catholio).—Apply 144, lizsv HiLL-LARE, Preston.

WANTBD good GUNBRAL, 28; wash.—BAGLE Tuer-street, Oxford-street, Mantstiester,

viTANTED Good 000K-GENELIAL.—AppIy MRS. PILL- ING, Mere-brow, Weave/tam, near liorthwieh.

VV A.NTED, good GENERAL, age 18 ; reference required. —Apply Ere. LEAH, Market-place. Broad-heath.

V4.lll:D.CE;asfpoouori. in family. Ar eVrene Ges rHNegtairitedL.-2911 Warrington.

WINTRD, respectable GIRL, as General ; fond of chil- dren ; good home for suitable Girl.-34, CUARSOCIC- STREET Preston. _ -

_ —— - )11-ANTED Good GHNERAL SERVANT, age 18 to 20; email family.—Apply DM; Sairam,Parktield, Penning- ton. Leigh, Lancashire.

WANITID HOUSBAAID-WAL111.1166, small [amity wages £l6 to EA.—Apply DIM HUDSON, 19, Ir lam- street, Warrington.

'WANTED, HOUSEMAID WAITRESS at once; five in family —Bin.ciMOOD, 33, Edge-lane, Onoriton-cum- liardy, Manchester.

WANTBD GBNERAL for small family, no children, small wash, good wages to suitable girl.-66 BRIDGE. STREET. Cheater.

WANTED immediately WAITRESS, comfortable situa- tion ; wages £22.—Apply HISS HUDSON, 19, Irlam- street, Warrington.

75. per week or good (I.lsNl3tta.L 4in family ; washing ; boy also. nurse girl kept,-6, GROvE-EITICKET. Arclorick Green, Idanchester.

---- WAIMEA). at once, superior CIRIVIRALS, good wages ; excellent situations,—Apply KIN HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

KITCHUNMAID Required ; wages commence 94 £l7,with board no beer), lodkings, washing, and uniform. - Apply to the SUYERINTENDERT, County Asylum, Prest- wich, near Manchester.

-- A GOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVANT write or call to MISS HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WANTED, GIRD 16 or 17, as General Servant; good borne; help given; one Iady.—WHITEHEAD, Cam- bridge-road, Bowdon, Manchester. NVANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT. age about 2) UREENALL, Blue Bell Inn, Downall Green,. North Ashton. Newton• le-Willows.

ItVRW BRIGHTON.—WANTIID. Country GIRL as il GENRRAL, able to wash.—Apply 2, WESTMORELAND- BoAD, Reabank-road. New Brighton.

WANTED names and address of all Domestic SERVANTS in Warrington district.—Post card replies only to Mr 'MILLER, 60 Priory-street, Birkenhead.

.i. . a.,

-- WANTRD, respectable GIRL (Protestant), 14 ; to help in housework ; orphan preferred. Mrs. Couans, 192, Cornbrook-street, Moss Side, Manchester.

WELNTBD, GRNERAL for Southport; family foot; no washing ; no cooking; age 23 to 24.—Mrs. BRENNAN, Claremont, Churchtown, Southport.

WANTED NURSE or Mothers Help; healthy, intelligent; state lowest wages. Mrs ABBOTT Ovoca, Branting- bam-road, Whalley Range. Manchester.

WANTED, GENERALS and GIRLS. best places; excel- lent wages.—Call or write to MISS HARRISON, 6, Oldbam-strePt, Manchester, Established 1862.

WYANTBD HOUSIMAID-WAITHESS for beginning of December ; family of three ; wages £2O ; good references.—Apply by letter only. FAIRLAWN, Sale.

ANTBD a good General SIiIiVANT. one from the country preferred, Good wages to suitable person. Write or APPIY, GaSICELL, 20 Darlington-street. Wigan,

IVANTBD COORS. HOUSEMAIDS, WAITRESSES, for Manchester ; excellent wages • call or write to Miss HARRISON. 6, Oldham-street, Manches.ter. Established 1862.

ANANTED. for a Cottage Laundry, good LAUNDRESS; widow with daughter, or two sisters preferred;— Apply Mrs. W. MEwriras, Hawkwell-place, Pembury, Kent.

177UHRIENCED reale and Female NURSES at a L.I moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES Iwenru- TION, 70, Hope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address •• nurses."

Mt anttb.

IDROFITABLI4 HOME WOUK either sex: no references required.—Write H. KNITTING Co., 50, High Holborn, London,

WANTED AT ONCE. 15 Good BRICKLAYERS.— Apply W. MoSe Sc SONS LIMITED, New Boot Factory, Sandon-road, Stafford.

AGENTS wanted for the sale of gold filled Alberts. muff chains, and bracelets ; weekly payments or Cash ; good commission ; no risk.—AiNswoaTtt, Wholesale Jeweller Northgate, Blackburn.

AGENTS WANTHD.—Electro-Chemical Chimney Cleaner no sweeps or brushes required ; chimney cleaned any time of the day; no getting up early cold mornings ; agents coining money. UNIQUE MANUFACTURING COMPANY, Rotherham.

22/6 lertirerXLsYei—twhs aol a reva no f w 7 sr tteo) 2!s.r 6 dt6eoiffrereepdatroe moments; work may be done evenings. For particulars send addressed envelope to M. TBUSCOTT AND Co., 3a, Wen- dower, Torquay.

QELNITABY INS1'ISCT011:-H1PS, ss.laries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dates ;ladles eligible.—Apply ROBERT MUSHENS, Sanitary Science Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper.

W• HODGKINSON LTD., 46, AND 48, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON. DRESS DEPARTMENT

NEWEST COLOURINGS IN FRIEZE, 2s. 9d., PER YARD IN ALL SHADES, AND BLACK.

SPECIAL PURCHASE OF COATING SERGES,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
IN NAVY AND BLACK

Is. ed., Is. 9d, 23. 31, 2s. 91., 0 43. 11d.,

per yard. JAPANESE SILKS, 23 inch 41d., per yard. 27 inch 37 inzh ....—.... 2s. 6d., per yard. TUCKED JAP SILK IN BLACK AND WHITE.

3s. 6d., per yard. 1 PATTERNS POST FRB. POSTAI. ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTIVITION.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOKS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE •Tv LITANCE. BAR TABLES. COUNTERS FITTINGS &c.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest donnd IifiTGLISH LBVIIR on the Market. Prescot FltOtOry 20 YHARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from - Hunters from £2 128 64.

Liverpool Agent: R RUBES, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL, CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALXHArd WATCHES in Gold. Silver and (old-filled at Lowest Prices Current.

31/otelsi, VpOra, Moarbing estabo7

sa partments, jurntsbe ouses trt

HARROGATE, Comfortable APARTMENTS near to Baths Wells, and Moor. Winter terms.—KLAN)). 143, Cold Baths-road.

eStoth

PIGRONS ON SALIi for shooting any number from 20 to 300. particulars and prices.—Apply to ECILERSLET, Ivy House Farm, Lowton, Newton-le-Willows.

POWERFUL well-developed and pure bred ST. BERNARD DOG. three years old : real beauty ; price £7 ; seen any day.-32, DENToN-DRIVE, Liscard, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
'bare.

'Mk, ttstntsses. at.

TO BUTOHMlS.—Splendid Business for sale. suit two brothers ; £l5O inclusive.- BROOKER. Tunbridge Wells.

nthdly L 55 ilvt eLdr., ;BILJ:C. aB UwTeeCili Be if ie'!:3l.7a I N EOSyS, ; 84381 e stone-lane, Birl.enhead.

CONFECTIONBRY, Dinners, and Teas For Disposal; cheap it taken at once. 11l health cause.-361, STRET— FORD-ROAD, mulme, Manchester.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

WINTER FASHIONS EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. JOHN W ALKER AND CO., EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS LICTION SALE BILLS AND CATALOGUES.

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS.

may be bad In a fewhours.

JOHA WALKER 154,0 CO.,

EXAMINER OFFICE. TELEPHONE No. 0489. PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES.

PROGRAMMES FOB CONCERTS.

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Izc. PROGRAMMES FOE BAZARS.

PROGRAMMES FOB SALES;OF WORK. MIVSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

PRINTIYG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, JOHN WALKER & CO EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY-STRRET, WARRINGTON.

gvalto up Vrtbatt Erearp

fIROCKBRY.-401 Articles for 325. Price lists free.— k./ BENNETT. 25, Broom-street, Hanley Potteries.

HOUDAN, Faverolle and bl. Orpington Cockerels, ss. and 7s. 6d.—RECTOB, Charleton. Kingsbridge.

Q / —CHRISTMAS CAROLS, music and words, post free, 'Jr 41.—WARD, 137, Attercliffe Common, Sheffield.

ALL WOOL.—Navy Blue serge. 45 inches wide; 6 yards for 711. 6d.—STUDHOLME. Wood Green. London.

PHOTOGRAPHY.—Trade Printer and Enlarger. Amateur work done.-88 Edith Grove, Chelsea. S.W.

CARTERS ! HOIISHICII&PERS ! Send le. for a Book of Valuable Stable lieelpes.—R. TULLY, Druggiet,theetinge.

TUST Tli THING..-13.P. Tie, jewelled ri—ng included, t.. 1 le. Id.—JoHN HINDE. 1.83, Stocirwell-road, Loudon.

LAUNDRY.—Glazing linen like china. No Polishing irons, also stiffening.—Write lAIINDBY, 134, Liseard, Cheshire

lOVELY Silks, Velvets. 100 large pieces, ls. 6, Prints Is. Pree.-,llown, 31, Chremont-road, Sparkbrook, Birmingham.

AMES' 9ct. GOLD WATCH AND ALBERT, £3; JLI splendid bargain —G.,E. FOWLES, 88, Durham-road, Birmingham.

VAULKIVERS are LAR4E—CASH BUYERS of Hay and 1: Cloven—Apply, FauLKNEres, Merebants, rendlebury, Manchester.

TIC BEND for Photo Catalogue of lovely Lace Curtains, chreet from looms. Bargains. Free.—BILNER'S. Hyde Park, Leeds.

ITElLS.—Direet from Imris ; Latest Novelties. Bd., 9d. V and Is. each.—BlensmE VILER, li, Broughton-street, Beeston, Notts.

5,000 NICKEL SILVER TEA-SPOONS.--Sample of 6 for Iocl. (approval),l.wonTEß, 30, Church- oao. Stoke Newington.

'TOMATO GROWING FOR PROFIT. Read now and .1 commence early, By post 60.—Addrees BROCKLE- HURST, Florist, Ruthin.

PATCHWORK.—AstoundIng value I Large parcel a most lovely Silks. poet free for le ; worth trebIe.—SETTLE, 34, West Green-road, London.

'IRBY PARROT, red tail ; warranty given for talking; Or month's trial, my Het ; 30s. Indestructible Cage, 6s. Easy payments.—TßOPlOAL AVIARY, Morecambe.

4 7 PIECE DIENER SET, printed, 21 piece Breakfast Set, 21 piece Tea Set, 21s ; samples, is; particulars free.—THE DIRECT SUPPLE POTTERY Co., Hanley.

NAME engraved on pretty aluminium Card Case, and 100 neatly printed ivory Cards, 21. id—SALTER, 35, St. George's-road. Forest Gate, London. (A nice Xmas present)

MUSIC! Grand special offer; 20s worth beat songs dances and pieces,le 3d post free,complete ; Catalogue FRl6B.—RuTTEße,Publistiers (Dept T) Moorland-road,Leeds,

QURGICAL APPLIANCES.—A new Illustrated and Des* 1.., criptive Price List forwarded on receipt of stamped envelope. Testimonials from all parts of the world.—W. GIoonI3OI.TRIV, Brookside Villa, Grange-street. Hull.

91HE - SIXTY-MINUTR " WORK CURB FOR DO4S.— .1. A safe and certain cure in capsule form ; one size for dogs and one for puppies and small breeds. The "Farmer and Stockbreeder," London, says: "They are a thorough and reliable cure for worms in dogs." They are a tonic to the dog and certain death to the worms ; state breed ; free, ls M.—WALKER, Cliymist, Castle Douglas, N.D,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
TH EXAMINER, FRIDAY.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ifiatigHtrE, etc.

design, N thirteen

lIIGH-CLASS GS BNGINES ; new ; latest Im- provements bizes in stoek, one to alrteen brake horse power.—ELmus ASHWORTH, Collyhurst. Manchester.

eouratton.

MILMARRY EVANS, Tenor Vocalist is open to accept engagements. For terms apply 25, RI.WLINS-STBEET, Fairfield, Liverpool.

10-IN BANKRUPTCY. RE JAMES ALFRED EWEN. WHOLESALE LADIES' OUTFITTER Aid BABYLINEN MANUFACTURER, 25, COLQUITT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

2.-MANUFACTURERS' CLEARING LOTS, SPECIAL PURCHASES, AND TRAVE:JLERS' SAMPLES, Secured at Extraordinary Discounts for Prompt Cash. _ SALE AT

===== 0002601_19011115_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY'S " THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE." 2' 0 a AND 25A1 CHURCH STREET

(OPPOSITH PRO-CATHEDRAL), LIVSRPOOL.

MESSRS. HENRY MILES AND COM- PANY have pleasure In announcing that they have purchased from the Trustee in Bankruptcy, through Messrs, Tranter, Dolby, and Co., Account- ants, 24., North John-street, the ENTIRE STOCK- IN-TRADE of JAMES ALFRED EWER, 25, Colquitt-street, at DISCOUNTS of 15 and 34 PER CENT.OFF MANUFACTURERS PRlCES—that is, for every 20s of Bvren's Goods, HENRY MILES & CO. have only raid 10s. 4d. As the Bankrupt had not been long in business, the Goods are in first-rate condition. Together with OWHN'S STOCK will be offered some EXTRAORDINARY CLEARING LOTS, Special Purchases and Travellers' Samples, bought from several British and Continental Manufacturers, at big discounts.

THE BARGAINS AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE," ON MONDAY NEXT, AND FOLLOWING DAYS, WILL ECLIPSE ANY OFFERED BY

HENRY MILES AND CO. SINCE THEIR GREAT SALE Or EDWARDS'S STOCK.

GENUINE BARGAINS IN LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S UNDER- CLOTHING, STOCKINETTE

UNDERWEAR, SHIRTS AND BLOUSES, SKIRTS, CORSETS, SILK AND WOOL SHAWLS, DRESSING GOWNS AND JACKETS, BARYLINEN AND NURSERY REQUISITES, CHILDREN'S MILLINERY,

PINAFORES, OVERALLS, CAPS, /APRONS, CHILDREN'S COATS, PELISSES. CHRISTENING CLOAKS, LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S GLOVES AND HOSIERY.

UMBRELLAS.- FURS, FEATHER BOAS, RIBBONS, LACES, MADE-UP LACE GOODS. LACE, LINEN, AND COTTON HANDKERCHIEFS,

MILLINERY VELVETS, BLOUSE 'f AND MILLINERY SILKS,

LADIES' BELTS, BAGS, PURSES, COMPANIONS, SACHETS, 'FANCY CHAINS, FANS, RINGS BRACELETS, BROOCHES, BUCKLES. COMBS, PERFUMES, &c.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
SEE OUR WINDOWS.

GRAND DISPLAY OF AUTUMN AND WINTER NOVELTIES. IN THE LARGEST AND MOST 14E6.11TIFUL SHOWROOM IN ENGLAND LATEST MODELS FROM PARIS AND LONDON. THE BET MILLINERY AT THE LOWEST PRICES.

SALE ON MONDAY NEXT, AND FOLLOWIN4 DAYS. ,

HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY, "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE,"

25 AND 25A1 CHURCH-STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CAT REDRAL) LIVERPOOL.

TIALEPHONB No. 7385.

CATALOCIUNS PION ON APPLICATION.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
NOVEMBER 15 1901

llnciassifieb.

WANTED good MINIMAL ; three in famtly.-29, AL3f.l.- ROAD. Birkdale, Southport.

)1,11 ANTRD,a respectable CURL for housework ;able to wash —31,614Di-14.ms, Longsight. Manchester.

WANTED, Clean, tidy GIRL to assist with housework.— Mrs DUNBABIN, 51, Wilitefleld-road Stockton Heath.

WANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT, and to assist in the bar; referenoes required.—T BAILEY, Bouverie Arms, Chester.

IitirANTBD strong GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy J. BLUNDELL, Packet iloube Hotel, Buracough Bridge. near Ormskirk.

NVANTED Two General SERVANTS; wages £lB per annum.—Apply MaTnom, Isolation Hospital, Augbton, Orm a kirk.

WANTHD, CrICNBRAL for small family; must be good cook; wages according to experience.-126, LISCARD- ROAD, Liscard, Cheshire.

WANTED COOK-GENERAL good references, early riser, Housemaid kept. State wages,AnmsTnoNel, Fern Lea, Oakhill Park, Liverpool.

WANTED Superior General SERVANT for small family; some washing; good wages.—Apply 137, KINGSLEY- ROAD, Princes Park, Liverpool.

ALL CLASSES Servants, Generals and Girls at onca ; good wages and places.—Write or call, 7, atimanvON-STEEET Cheetham, Manchester.

WANT iID WORKING HOUSEKEEPER. for two gentle- men, must be good. cook; wages £l5. —Hiss HUDSON, 19, Iriam-street, Warrington. WANTED, Catholic (English) SERVANT; one lady; plain cook and sewer.—Apply MISTRESS, Claughton House: Standishgate,Wigan.

IVANTRD GIBNERAL, protestant; a girl from 16 to al, from country preferred. J. SUMNER, 4, Westmor- land-place, Scotland-road. Liverpool.

1/7 ANTED respectable General SERVANT, age about 18 ; wash, duties light ; small family. —Apply, 32. Albert- road, Heaton Chapel, Manchester,

WANTED GENERAL (respectable) ; no washing ;treated as one of the family ; easy place; £l2 to £14,-34, DOROTHY-STREET, Edgehill, Liverpool. WANTED, good plain COOK, Kitchenmaid kept; good situation ; near Warrington ; wages £25 to £3o. Apply Mies HUDSON, 19, IL-lam-street, Warrington.

WANTED, Experienced GENERAL ; all duties; no family; goo 4 references required.—MßS COCHRANE, Peel House, larimsbaw-lane, Newton Heath, Manchester.

Ivvaart gooa tibia anat. ann. v A-rocestant ; abstainer. Small family ; good wages ;no children ; comfortable, Christian home ; other help.—Mrs OAKES, 47, Orrell-lane, Aintree, Liverpool.

WANTED BARMAN; aged about 20 or 22.—Apply T COOPERS ARMS, Bevney-street, Warrington.

DRAPERY. Wanted an APPRENTIOB to the Drapery Business to live in or out.—Apply, T GRIME, Bridge- street, Warrington:

WANTED RABBIT ac.. SHOOTING within easy dis- tance of Warrington.—Apply by letter with terms to J. G. C. 49, liankey-street. Warrington.

NI/ANTED by a respectable married °Duple a CHILD TO NUMB or would adopt the same with small pre- mium.-4. William Hopwood-street, Blackburn,

rpo LET, Comfortably FURNISHED HOUSE. moderate .1 terms to careful tenant, references requlrecl.-90, OLD Lolmox-noln. Stockton Heath.

QCOTTISH THRRIlifi PUPS, on sale pure bred, full pedi- gree, CHEAP.—OLEGG, 9 Corporation-street Preston.

cis EALE, NURSERY, Rocndala , going concern, 6 Green- ‘.../ houses with piping, will sell cheap.—STOTT. 359 Edward Street, Rochdale.

BUTCHIiIt.-215 weekly ; cash trade • everything £2o, 112, LivEneeor..,sosn, Patrieroft Dflechester.

CONFECTIONisRY good stand ; sure living ; what off ere? 112, LIVETIPOOL ROAD. Patrteroft, Manchester.

HANSON, rubber-tyred. Manchester number, cheap.-72. MIDLAND-STREET, Ashton Old-road, Ardwick, Man- chester.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED

CONORRT BILL AND PROD- RANEMIES.

'BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMMERCIAL PRINTING

WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM

PANIES. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING,

PAMPHLETS.

PROGRAMMES.

POS TERS. STATEMENTS. JOHN WALKER & CO.

&alto bp quction

By MR. JOHN ,MAGINN.

BY MESSRS. THOS. DETP.HURST AND SON:

GEORGE PA YNB, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINN BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL- OR TO IHE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,

mANcaEs

SOC•

I 1 1

rW 999 00 61 'NJ° qed% VILLA, two Itutertaao ,nelusive rent £2B.—TooP— eton. ov- --nt to be Adveli of Deec9o, —l.

-

1

IT is second nature to Tory Democracy. Mr WiNsroN CHURCHILL r to espouse Tory Democ- zacy. It has the sanction of hereditary descent t in his case, and that counts for much to the Con- servative mind. It is not surprising, therefore, to find that in forecasting the future of the Unionist party, as the hon. gentleman did at the Constitu- tional Club, he should ascribe to the democratic element in Toryism the position of the " pre- dominant partner" in what is still euphonious],; termed the Unionist alliance. There is, no doubt, ' a strong root of Toryism in the democracy that is illiterate and uncultured, and seeks only its °vn. It cannot rise to the altruism of the Liberal ' doctrine of the greatest good for the greatest num- ber; it strives only for the particular good it desires. Renee on occasion it is attracted to Toryism by a community of aims and sympathies. But it 18 a case of extremes meeting, and it may well be doubted if a lasting; alliance can be constructed out of elements whose interests and tendencies are . diametrically opposed, though sometimes they May meet and unite on an opportunist basis. Mr. ' Cutatounr. meant, really, something of the same sort when he said that the provin .1e of Liberalism Was the promulgation of abstract ideas, and the Province of Conservatism was the practical appli- cation of these principles to the circumstances of , daily life. If this description of the situation were correct there would be no dispute—or very little dispute—between Liberals and Tories. It ' Would be simply a difference of opinion as to the . opportune moment for granting certain practical advantages to the mass of people. No doubt that is what many well-meaning people , understand by their Conservatism—or Unionism, as they now prefer to call it. But history is i Proving every day that the positionis quite other- w " Ise—that there is a sharply-defir.ed line of • demarcation which separates both the aims and ' methods t of Conservatives from those which are essentially Liberal. The underlying principle of government by the aristocratic and , moneyed classes ; its constant aim is the repres- sion of the Power of the people. The principle of 1 Liberalism is government by the people for the . people. When, therefore, Conservatives say they are a party of practice and not of theory, it , simply means that their theory, or guiding principle—for it is the, same thing—not being , popular with their friends the Tory democrats, has been waived—put aside for the time being k. —as the price of power which may be given or , withheld as the democratic element is appeased or . opposed. Such a party, of course, is in danger of losing its principles altogether ; and as it can't be for ever borrowing its opponents' ideas and mas- querading in stolen clothes, it is led into peculiar i difficulties. It is refreshing to come across the , ' simplicity with which Mr. CHURCHILL shows that . this is the difficulty his party experiences with _ regard to educail-o-n—. It was time, he said," to formulate definite Conservative principles on , questions like education." So that principles— , therefore theory—are necessary after all ; but When Conservative principles are formulated on , ~ education and like questions, such as housing, temperance, and old-age pensions, will they be in , accord with democratic ideas? That is the &fa- t culty which Tory democrats find Aver facing them. lir a osroep btuhtr o. tw ne ltdoetmh el ede do eg ti ne atbyeccraenatinee a. dfeesriireer be-for r lug allowed to share the same table.

real

THE ordinary public as a Parliamentary Pro rule care little for the cedure. discussion of procedure

in the House of Commons ; it may be good enough tor discussion among politicians, it is thought,but it is too intricate and tiresome in its details for " the man in the street" to take the trouble of Tasking its acquaintance. It is a pity this indiffer-

"1

ence exists, because without a genuine interest on the part of the electorate Parliament will not take the trouble to reform very much its own proced- ure. Many people must be puzzled to understand why bills come up time after time for discussion, and after lengthy debates are not heard of again till another session, when the question is again debated with more or less result. So the farce goes on, and many subjects have an almost annual outing in the House, only to leave off where they began. The fact is that, in spite of all the reforms which the country has seen since the first great Reform Bill of 1832, the House of Commons in its internal affsirs is one of the most conservative institutions in the country, and some of its old and so-called time-honoured customs are upheld Ely none more stoutly than the Radical front beach men and others who, sin- gularly enough, glory in" the traditions of the House" as if they were far beyond the touch of the profane hand of reason or common sense. There is, perhaps, some excuse f®r this, because the law and practice of the House of Commons are, in a sense, unwritten, and yet are of legal and moral obligation as complete and binding as any statute law of the realm. The fabric of precedent, indeed, is regarded as a fetish, and like all fetishes, it frequently stands in the way of improvements that are necessary to progress. Much discussion is now being given by statesmen and politicians to the subject, chiefly on the ground that, although the House of Commons sits on an average some- thing like nine hours a day, it cannot make a respectable show :of business done. Sometimes this is put down ,to obstructive talk; but if the true reason were really probed to its core, it,would probably be found that it exists in the fact that the methods :of the H 01193 are antiquated and obsolete in almost every particular. Take the ' mode of dividing the House on a vote. It is well- known that each division takes fifteen minutes, in which:every member has to leave the House, walk through one of the lobbies, get his name marked off, and return to his seat in the chamber. This is a tedious process, and yet divisions are repeated and multiplied in an inexplicable manner not only on the action of the wilful obstructive, but by reason of the rules of the House. Sir HENRY FOWLER, the other day, informed his hearers at Wolverhampton that in a ses- sion of one hundred and eighteen days few than thirteen days of time had been occupied by members in walking through four hundred and eighty-two divisions. Surely some of that time might be saved for the public service. The form of voting might be altered and simplified, and the occasions for voting reduced. The repeated formal appearances of Bills in the house during their pro- ceedare might be abolished, and business placed on something like the level it occupies in other places of business. That is probably what business men in the constituencies would demand if they took any interest in Parliamentary proceedure. In the meantime the few who can justly claim that designation in the House of Commons, and who are aware of the abuses that exist, might do something towards placing the business of the House on a more effective working basis.

Runcorn is in the throes of a School Board election, which is being fought with the utmost keenness on both sides. The "sides" are, of course, those representing church and state versus pro- gress and educational freedom. There is little of the latter in voluntary schools and not much more in Board schools when the governing body contains a majority of churchmen as has been the case at Runcorn for the past three years. The Church party obtained control at Runcorn on the strength of the cry "Down with the rates," which is just about on a par with the discredit- able piece of electioneering that won the last general election for the Government. The cry then : "the war is over" was only true in one respect. It was all over South Africa and it is yet. The same at Runcorn! "Down with the rates" has not saved anything for the rate- payers and they will be twice foolish men if they allow themselves to be again misled by the specious arguments of Canon Wood and his associates. They will get their interests far better conserved and their children far better educated under the regime of the Progressives, for whom we advise eery ratepayer in Runcorn to vote on the day of the poll.

----- The death of the Dowager Lady Carew removes from the list of British centenarians another of its most famous names. Only a few days ago the death of Mrs. Hanbury at the age of 107 was re- corded. Lady Carew had not quite reached those years; but at 103,:and before the rapid failing of her powers within the last few weeks, she poss- essed health and spirits rather suggestive of the autumn than of the winter of life. She was in no ordinary sense a link with the past. She was born before Bonaparte had even been declared Consul, and she was within a few miles of the field of Waterloo when the great Emperor was finally overthrown. She was, indeed, one of those pres- ent at the famous ball at Brussels on the eve of the battle immortalised by Byron. On 1/.0 reign of Louis Philippe she had vivid memorie;—as is only to have been expected,seeing that then,in the bloom of her Irish beauty,she was one of toe most charming of the ladies of the French Court. Her sprightly wit more than one chronicler notes; and she was famous also, it appears, for the wonderful 'gowns of Irish poplin with which she set a new fashion among the Court ladies. At Waterford she was highly popular, and Irish men and women of all ranks were proud of this great lady, with her white locks and her winning manners. She was a tie with the age of Wellington, and even of Nel- son, Of which there now remain but two or three in the whole kingdom. idenl

The report of the Chief Labour corresponu. A of the Board of Trade for 1900 shows that trade- unionism suffered very little check last year, not- withstanding the admitted failures of several strikes and other events adverse to the movement. The membership of all trades unions is returned as 1,905,116, an increase of 10.1,217 on the pre- vious year. This works out as an advance of 5•8 per cent., and on a comparison with other years shows that the rate of increase was somewhat slower than in 1899, but quicker than in 1898, a res.ilt mainly due to the growth of the coal-min- ing unions. Women now make up about 6:12- per cent. of the total, but their membership is almost entirely confined to the cotton trades. In the number of unions there is a slight falling off, oc- casioned mainly by the dissolution of some of the smaller bodies and the transfer of their members to the larger ; but only fourteen societies made a formal transfer of membership. It is to be re- gretted, indeed, in the interests both of capital and labour, that this movement for the unification of the unions in the respective trades is not more pronounced than at present. It is admitted by everybody that a great deal of friction is caused in the industrial world by the multiplication of unions with a membership of a few hundreds only. It is these bodies from which rash action usually ?tarts. The great unions have a sense of responsibility, and have as their officers men who, if at times they find it impossible to control the passions of the crowd, are generally gifted with foresight and almost statesmanlike ability. The arrest at Cardiff of John Garlick who escaped from Stafford Gaol in February, 1899, has aroused fresh interest in that notorious personage. It was in the early part of 1896 that he paid War- rington a visit and opened" business" in his own. particular style at Lythgoes-lane under the alias

===== 0002601_19011115_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY NOVEMBER 15 1901.

of:John Grant. Local tradesmen have good cause to remember his short but all too long stay in the town, for a number of them shortly afterwards became conscious that they had been" had" by a ' swindler of the most vicious kind. At the subse- quent bankruptcy proceedings he was brought 1 out of Walton Gaol to give evidence and he unblushingly unfolded a career of crime which was as black as it could be. Since his escape from Stafford Gaol where he was serving a term of imprisonment for obtaining money by false pretences, he has been victimising the good people of Hull in a manner similar to that exper- ienced by tradesmen in Warrington. He has given abundant evidence of his vitality and ingenuity since he cleverly escaped trom prison and those who have come across him will be prepared to admit that he is a man of "brains." He is, in fact, a striking example of a man's ability being applied in a wrong direction and his countrymen have reason to be glad that he is again in the charge,—and it is to beihoped securely—of a prison warder.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT. -- A Provincial Letter.

By the Birthday Gazette of last Friday it did not appear that the list ot honours conferred was un- duly long, as has sometimes been the case, and names will no doubt occur to the mind of the reader of persons which he will feel ought to have been there. But their turn has, perhaps, yet to come. , "Taffy" at least must have considered himself a happy man, on the ninth, since by far the most important of the King's birthday honours was that which announced that the Duke of Cornwall and York takes the historic titles of Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester Welshmen in particular are glad that the title made familiar to them, and to the nation at large, by the present king is revived, although it has the effect of rendering out-of-date the Prayer-books that were new but a few months since. The brand new Prince of Wales has already show by the public spirit which marked his splen- did and successful tour round the Empire that he realises the spirit of the noble motto of his new , title, " Ich dien." According to Sir H Nicolas, six Royal Princes have been born Duke of Cornwall who were never created Prince of Wales, a title which dates from 1281. In the present age, how- ever, which has become so habituated to speak of the Heir-apparent as the Prince of Wales, the ab- sence of that title from the Royal list had been missed more keenly than many have, perhaps sup- posed.

--- Temperance Sunday does not appear to have been so generally observed in the provinces as is desir- able, from the temperance point of view. Sunday being the next day to that of the Mayoral elections is scarcely a sufficient excuse, inasmuch as it would apply with equal force to London, where it is said that the day was observed as Temperance Sunday in many of the churches, sermons being especially devoted to discussing the subject in its various bearings upon religious and civic life. There is at least as much and as good reason why Temperance Sunday should be generally observed in the pro- vinces as in:the metropolis. Two years ago a deter- mined "crusade " was being carried on in all parts of the country in favour of legislation against the sale of intoxicating drink to children. It was pointedrout that additional legislation was not needed, that the law, as it stood, if carried into effect, would do all tbat was required. The agita- tion. fashion-like, changed, and war has since been waged against juvenile smoking. but while the de- mand for cigarettes proceeds by leaps and bounds, that movement, too, shows indications of flagging. Temperance Sunday efforts to stamp out the sale of intoxicants to children, and to suppress juvenile smoking have all been fashionable, and like the fashions in regard to dress or the Blue Ribbon Army, appear to have their day.and then disappear before the advance of another all-absorbing "whim on the part of excitement-mongers, to be again scarcely seen or heard of

People accustomed to think of the probability of what they read being true are scarcely surprised to find that the reported "drugging and robbery epi- sode 'on a south coast railway has been followed by a confession. Yet the story will have been of some , benefit it it helps to impress upon the public mind the wisdom of the adoptten of the Corridor princi- ple. In a corridor carriage, except it was occupied only by the victim and his assailant, the safe com- mission of a crime would be almost impossible. The railway carriage criminol abominates the corridor just as the burglar hates the light. That the corridor carriage will yet be generally adopted,even on slow and local trains, is probably but a question of time. The passing of the old rolling st3ck will, on the majority of railways, define the time-limit.

--- While, in Yorkshire and in parts of South Wales, towns have been suffering from a decided scarcity of water, and local authorities are obliged to limit the supply, the tarmers, by way of change, have ceased to grumble and are actually congratulating each other on the splendid autumn they have enjoyed, right up to the lap of winter. The fields, they say, have been "dry," and worthy of cultiva- tion ; the cattle are tit and ready to clear up the remnants of the autumnal grass crop without tread- ing the soil in the least. Thus, what is loss to manufacturing and " business " towns, proves to be the gain of agricultural districts and the farmers. English dairy produce is stated to be very slow, from the trader's point of view. notwithstanding the short " make"; and'the reason, it is added, is not far to seek. It is put down to the imports.

There are few towns in the provinces that have not suffered from the Revolver Nuisance and the presence of the man who, although he has no hesi- tation in pointing a rifle or pistol at another, is in- variably innocent of any evil intent because enabled by the present state of the law to plead that he " didn't know it was loaded," or " only did it in ' fun," when he sees the consequences of his folly. The statement recently made by the Birkenhead coroner on the subject is good, as far as it goes, but does not go far enough. All that the Excise authori- ties do, apparently acting under legal advice, is to see to the collection*of revpnue, and leave the "carrying of arms" consideration to the police, or anybody whom it may concern. What is needed,is an alteration of the law so as te place authority in in the hands of the police, and to make the "point- ing "of fire-arms at others a crime, Otherwise the peril, and the "nuisance." must be perpetuated,and go on for ever.

Seldom has the old ssying "it never rains but it pours," received more ample and striking verifica- tion than at Blackburn, one of the towns which had been affected by the water famine, where on Tues- day the inhabitants were made to suffer severely by the downfall and presence of too much water. the river overflowing its banks, and the centre of the town being flooded to the depth of four feet. The gale was not, of course, equinoctial, but the forcible expression of an independent cyclonic de- pression of unusual area. 2or Ireland suffered as severely as Scotland: and the English provinces as both. One peculiarity of the sharp visitation was that the wind in certain districts was accompanied by rain, and in others by snow. Snow fell notably in Westmorland and the Midlands, and in Scotland, while there was a tempest of rain in Ireland.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSEY-STREBT, WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually:attended to.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION.

Meetings Next, Week. As will be seen from our advertisement columns a meeting in support of the Ratepayers candidates will be held on Wednesday next week. The progressive candi- dates will hold a meeting on Monday evening in Green- way-road School at which Mr J Wilson will preside. We also refer our readers te the election addresses of the Rev J Chambers and the Progressive party.

" Progressive " Meeting. On Friday evening at the Brunswick School the Pro- gressive party held a further meeting in suppott of the canditure of Messrs S Taylor, W Handley, F J Norman, J Pritchard and II H Posnett.—Mr S Taylor occupied the chair and there were present on the platform—the Revs G E Cheeseman, Alfred Wells, W A• Eyre, J Osborne, M.A., and Messrs F J Norman, J.P., R H Posnett, J.P., A. It Norman, J.P., J R Frith, J Wilson,W Handley, and J M Frith. The Chairman said he was sorry to announce that Mr. Griffiths, the principal speaker, could not be with them owing to illness. Mr. Handley said it was a difficult thing to appear as an apologist. He had been with Mr. Griffiths on the Monday previous and he was then looking forward with pleasant anticipation to coming to Runcorn. He could, however, promise them that Mr. Griffiths would be with them before the 27:11November. (epplause.) Mr Handley then read a letter to the effect that Mr Griffiths was detained by illness. He, Mr Handley, was pleased to say that they had a gentleman, Mr Cheeseman, Hinton, Liverpool, who was a strong educationalist,and who woul I be able to enlighten them on the education question. Toe Chairman who was received with applause, said that some three years ago they ran five candidates on progressive lines. Unfortunately they were beaten on the cry of " Down with the rates." It was utterly without foundation to tell them tney were going to lower the rates. They knew perfectly well that the rates had not gone down. He had no doubt they would now have some other cry. They would have some good trump card to play. Last night they had two hours of it and from the discussion they were quite able to judge what plank it was going to be. When the Church party got into power some three years ago they turned Mr Pritthard out of the chair which he had occupied for 12 years. They gave him marching orders and put in his place Canon Wood and made Mr. Imison vice-chairman. The Pro- gressive party were rendered powerless and they had practically no voting power and therefore they had to grin and boar it. It was a most humiliating position. He would far rather let then) have the whole nine mem- bers than the five. They might protest but they were quite powerless as far as voting went. When they can- vassed the people last election the people said that the side who were to lower the rates was the one to vote for. For the last three years the Voluntaryist party had had the sole control and keeping in view the cry of down with the rates, he would read them the monies which had been got from the rates for the three years previous to their management. In 1896, 1897, 1698, when Mr. Pritchard was in the chair the money they had had from the rates amounted to £4,950 and for the last three years it had amounted to £6,150. Down with the rates ! (Laughter and applause). They could not keep the rates down and they knew it. The Rev A Wells: It was:the is strategy of truth." (Laughter). The Chairman : Anything you like, these are the facts. They might cheat an Englishman once, but they could not do it a second time. It would no deubt be put before them in a form that would almost make them believe their cry. They would probably say "We I will turn our sehoola on your hands now, and then where will your rate be." He told them that if they did so it would be one of the best things that had happened for a long time. The ratepayers should go to the Beard Schools and look at them, and then go to the Denomi- national schools. The children from 4 to 14 years of age had to spend the best part of the life in school, and they should spend it in schools which were thoroughly efficient and sanitary. If they were to turn the schools over to the Board he challenged whether the rates would go higher. tie would go further than that and give a guarantee that if they got the same grants fee the schools as Board schools that for three years the rate- payers should not suffer. At the Halton-road school they paid £3O for the use of it as a Sunday school, and In such an event they (the clerical party) would have to pay their share. Had they looked at the back of their Poor Rate ? For the first five half years it was , 41d, but in this the sixth half s ear it was 4 I. Was that down with the rates? Rev A Wells : ft is the Irishman's rise. (Laughter and applause.) During the last year said the Chairman the Voluntary School bad received £3,356 from taxation every penny of which the working man helped to pay. The working man had no control over that. Was that just, or right or was it fair play ? He did not object to them having it PO long as they were doing good service with it, but ' he strongly objected to denominational school managers taking possession of the schools of the ratepayers. It was the reverse of business t) put them in charge of their own schools and the Board as well. Ere did not think the ratepayers would put them in power again. (Applause.) Mr J R Frith said he was pleased there was going to be fight and hoped that the voluntary party would be turned out of power. The Rev G E Uheesman, who was received with loud applause, said that he understood there was a battle rpyal on Thursday night at the Runcorn Board meet- ing. One of the members, he had heard, was a Canon and the result was that the Cseon was spiked. (Laugh- ter). " The strategy of truth " was a favourite maxiM of Canon Woo' a and in spite of whatever might be asserted the true reason why the clerical party wanted to dominate the Board was the better to enable them to keep their own schools alive for religious propagandism. The conscience Clause was practically powerless aid to send children to schools where they were taught doc- trines contrary to those of their fathers was an outrage. In the 14,000 national schools in England only church- men need apply for situations as teachers. A School Board, when not dominated by the priest, never asked any question relating to their religious convictions. A candidate as a teacher was judged purely on his merits as an educationalist.Taxation and representation should go together and if they were hOping to maintain Canon Wood they had far more right to control his schools than he had to control the ratepayers. Perhaps his nostrume)f the "strategy of truth " to confound the people would be trotted out again. But the expenditure on education was one oflthe most useful expenditures for it equipped them to fight in the great industrial war. The School Board taught the Bible—the greatest of moral books—and gave their employees the best salary. The reason why the Voluntary Schools were worked on cheaper lines was because the teachers were sweated. (Applause and shame.) He hoped the Pro- gressives wsuld win the day: The Rev Alfred Wells said the other day he had the Christian courage to preach a sermon on "Nonconform- ity not Schism." If necessary he would preach it again and again, so firm were his convictions on the religious and education question. He had no objection to sectar- ian schools provided they would pay their own way. But he refused to be taxed to keep up day schools where doctrines were being taught to children contrary to the religious beliefs of their parents. They (the Progressives) would not go in for the "strategy of truth " doctrine. Let the other side bring their charges. They were bringing them against him (the speaker), but that was a light matter. (Laughter and applause.) He hated alie and he had a profound contempt for the lie that was half the truth, for it was aver the blackest of lies. The rev, gentleman then spoke about certain correspondence which had passed between him and the Rev Mr Stables, Weston, or certain church children which attended the Wesleyan day schools. If he could not get a decided answer he would publish the whole of the correspond- ence in the press. He had been accused of being a bigot but this was absolutely untrue. He had given the church children permission to a ttend the recent mission at Weston, but he could not let the whole of the school go. He trusted that between eight in the morning and eight at night they would be at the palling booth and vote for the progressives. Mr R. B. Posnett, one of the candidates said he was in the unfortunate position of being the 10th candidate. He was only a little one and he hoped to slip in with the nine. (Laughter). He felt they must do their best for the education of their children. The rich and the peer should have the same chance. He stood before them to represent the best interests of the ratepayers. He would have nothing to do with any party cliques but would do the best for education that he possibly could. Mr F. J. Norman then stood up and received quite an ovation of applause. The Chairman: I should Jike to:say the hero of the day. (Applause). 11A. Voice: And the vicar is not here to shut him up (Applause). Mr Norman, when the noise had subsided, then said the hour was too late (cries of go on ! go on) to say anything. Producing a bundle of Volnntatyist election papers dated three years ago, Mr Norman said they acted on one gentleman he knew like a red rag to a bull. He would not have his name printed on staff like that for all the wealth there was in Runcorn. He had had bis innings last night (Thursday) and it was a pretty good one. He wished they had been there. They knew that on School Board matters he was one of the most Peaceable men in the world but it was fated that he should be one who should struggle to resist the evil in- fluence that was corrupting their educational system. The Runcorn Board at present was far different than when Dr Gastaldi and Dr McDougall were members. Those two gentlemen always put education first. If the churchman would put education first and creed after- wards he was quite prepared to retire. He would have other opportunities of addressing them at length and he hoped that the rate Payers would support them. A vote of thanks was afterwards passed to the Rev G

E Cheeseman.- The meeting wss most enthingastic and there was a very large audience.

Meeting of the Catholic Interest.

.. On Wednesday evening at the Catholic Schools Mill Brow a meeting was held in favour of the candidature of the Rev Fattier Chambers. There was a fair attend-

acce. Mr Imison was in the chair and he was supported by the candidate and the Rev Father McGrath, Warring- ton. The Chairman said that tha Catholics had the right to claim the same privilege that other people enjoyed. It was unreasonable that Nonconformists should be able to receive the religious education they desired for their children and that Catholics and Church people should not enjoy the same privilege. (Applause). The Rev Father Chambers bad been a thorough loyal supporter of the interests of toe ratepayers. The one thing which affected the ratepayers at the present time especially was the expense that education entailed. He would not depreciate the value of education but they should not overlook the cost of it. Workingmen at the present time had a difficulty in making both ends meet cense- coently economy should be practised. It was univers- ally admitted that Voluntary Schools were cheaper than Board Schools. Everybody felt the burden of the poor rate. Father Chambers was one of those who had done his best to secure efficiency and economy. They had done nothing to reduce the usefulness of the Board Schools but had dose everything required for education without unnecessary waste. Father Chambers said he asked to be returned in justice to the Catholics of the town. Could another gentleman have been found he would gladly have re- tired but the Catholic priest was looked up to in edu- cational matters. Education in order to be thorough must be accompanied with religion. (Applause.) The good formation of a child's character was ,necessary to make him a good citizen. This could not be formed with mere secular knowledge. There was, of course, dogmatic teaching but religious knowledge was given with it. Every school under the Government had given with it a certain capitation fee called" Tee grant " which was estimated according to the results. Then there was the fee grant. This was given because there was no charge for teaching. Then came the crux of the difficulty. The Board demanded from all the people alike the payment of rates towards the Board School. The Board came forward and said they wanted so many hundreds ot pounds per year to work the Board Schools. The Voluntary schools neturally asked was this fair ? The present Government then allowed them the Aid Grant, but was it to be compared to the other, on the one hand they got as much as they liked and on the other about half as much from Government as they applied for. The aid grant did not come from the ratepayers as taxes, but from an old whiskey tax that was levied on whiskey t 3 which no doubt their ancestors paid. The money was in the hands of the Government and they applied it to educational purposes. The voluntary contributions with his school totalled to £55 103, and because there was not sufficient to meet the expenses of the schools there was what was called an overdrawn balance. That year he had had to raise between £5O and £6O. The Pariah Church had an overdrawn balance of £4s2;Newtown,L33 Trinity £5OO. If these sums had to come out of the rate- payers it meant increasing rates for Runcorn. Rather than give their schools up to the management of the Bard they would keep hera for the sake of religious education. It had been urged that the parson wanted to look after his own interest. At Weston they had an overdrawn balance of £lOO and, though he did not wish to boast, the greater part of that amount afterwards: came out of his own pocket. He asked for their support. The Rev _Father McGrata afterwards addressed the audience. Votes of thinks closed the meeting.

Meeting of the Church Candidates.

On Tuesday evening in the National Schools Runcorn, a meeting on behalf of the candidature of Messrs Cunn- ingham, Icnison and Littler and the Rev Canon Wood was held, Mr W Timmins presided. He was supported by the candidates and the Rev Wl3 Stables. There was a large audience. The Chairman expressed the wish that the ratepayers would put the voluntaryist candidates at the top of the poll as they had dons three years ago. The Rev Canon Wood, who was received with loud applause said he felt like a martyr because he was one of the best abused men in town. During the whole of his ministerial career he had never had so many hard things said about him and he really did not deserve them. He would not deal with the qiestion in a trivial manner for it was one to be studied seriously. At present he would deal with the manifesto which bad been issued in the Wesleyan Magazine. He would have replied to "the appeal " in the " Parish Magazine " but as it would not he issued until after the election it would be too late. What he was saying was intended for Wesleyans only, not as an attack but a reply.Doubtlese many Wesleyans would agree with him. The address in the Magszcne was to the effect that the primary object of Methodist poliey in the matter of elementary education was the establishment of Board S:cl000ls everywhere which was of special importance in rural districts like Runcorn where Wesleyan people had no alternative to the compulsory attendance of their children at Anglican Schools. Runcorn was not a rural district. There were 1,118 children in Board Schools in the town, and he was astonished to learn in Runcorn that Methodist children were compelled to go to the Church school, They were nct compelled to send their children to the Church school. (Applause). The next paragraph read that a School Board dominated by the clerical party was not an ideal state of affairs. In reply be would say that it went without saying that a echo,' dominated by the Progressive Party was not an ideal state of affairs. It was no argument, merely assertion. The next para- graph read that by clericalism was not meant the Church, but something entirely different. That was equivalent to suggesting that there was some difference between their clergy and themselves. That could only have been published with the intent to do mis- chief. The address went on to assert that , clericalism was the fanaticism of a priestly caste thrusting itself into a temporal domain. What was the temporal domain ? He should think the School Board. (Laughter.) Did it mean paying rates. He never thrust himself in that—(lsughter)—nor any one else cared to be toruat in that " temporal domain." To call them " priestly casts " was merely throwing mud. "It attempss to determine by spiritual preroga- tive questions in the civil sphere." Did that mean he WI s attempting to make them elect him on the School Board by some spiritual power. (Laughter). The magazine also said "It recognized in the education ot the children a ready means of acquiring power, hence the desperate attempts it is making to control educa- tion." This was not true, They did it because they thought it was the boat means of doing good. He pro- tested against the constant imputing of bad motives to people. (Applause). Whatever they did or said Re always asserted that they were not doing or spoaking that which was true. Such sagge3tions stung and were not forgotten for years and yoars after. He trusted that everybody would keep their tongues in restraint and not say hard things. He thought the town was very well settled in school until it became enlarged, and he hoped it soon would b increased commerce. They might need more in the futare but not at present. They would give their strongest opposition to erecting more Schools because it could only be done by increased expense. In the bill mentioned in the magazine article the schools would have been managed by the priests and churchwardens. Yet this " magnificent project that was wrecked in the House of Lords by the Bilhopa "was the very thing they, the Progressives wanted. The clergy would have bad full control and the hie was thrown out by the House of Lords. He (the Vicar) did not know whether anybody there had evor proselytiied from the Wesley- ans hut most of them could remember cases in which the Wesleyans had proselytised from them. The article further stated that " Our Mr Perks, MP. last year called the attention of the Education Department to the declaration which required the signature of a school mistress stating that she intended finally to separate herself from the Wesleyan body and return to the Church of England." Be (the speaker) had written to the Secretary of the National Society about the matter and read the reply which stated that he (the secretary) bad never seen or heard of ' such a document. (Applause.) Mr. Posnett had stated that he (the Vicar) was having his son taught by a clerical tutor. Mr Samuel Taylor sent his son to be educated at Alvanley Vicarage. He was not abusing Mr Taylor ;he Mr Taylor) was a very wise man. He (the Vicar) had devoted most of his life to education and for anyone to assert that they did know what they were talking about was ridiculous. He then quoted from one of the local papers a speech delivered 3rd December 1898. "It was an old saying that there was no strategy which confounded peeple so much as the strategy of truth. Their party printed and issued the truth, and throughout had said what they meant. They took for their motto ' keep up the Voluntary Schools and keep down the rates.' " That was what he said and rlthat was preciseley what he meant. The words "strategy of truth " were being re- ported all over the town by mischievous tonguee. Every child in the town should be able to rise from the bottom to the top of the ladder. The Progressive candidates were not the largest ratepayers as had been asserted. The Manchester Ship Canal paid £435 for the last half year, Land N W Railway Company, £177 M A Company, £l2O ; Haan Council, £5O ; Gas Company, £lO2 ; Co- 2m2eir : atimver TSaoyelioert,y,32ll.93s; 40der hies; t0n5,1213 Nornaan,22 6s 8 I;Mr J Pritchard,in conjunction with his brother,22 Ils ;Mr W Handley with Mr Rhodes, £1 93 ; and he the (Vicar) paid £3 13s 33 and beat them all. UMr Cunningham said he told them plainly he meant to support the voluntary Schools. The rate three years ago was 93 and if the Progressive had aired their fancy ideas it would have exceeded 9d. The Church party said "down with the rates "and as the ratepayers appreciated them three years ago they would doubtless do so again: They had religioue liberty in Runcorn and believed in the workingman's child having the best of everything. Votes of thanks closed the meeting,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

INTERESTING PRESENTATION AT WESTON. On Sunday afternoon at the Men's Bible Class held at Weston Church, the Rev W II Stables at the request of the Royal Humane Society presented Mr Ernest Morefield with a certificate for his splendid conduct in attempting to rescue from drowning the unfortunate man named Samuel Rawlins, Widnes, whn was drowned in the Weaver Canal in July last. DEATH OF AN OLD HALTON RESIDENT. One of the oldest residents of Halton has just passed away in the person of Mr George We'shy, who resided at Halton-road. The deceased, who had been employed at Messrs Ochleston's tannery for quite 60 years, retired on a pension about live years ago. He was well-known as a steady work- man and a faithful friend, and was held in high esteem both by the firm and his fellow-workmen. His death took place on Friday afternoon, after about three weeks' confinement to his bed, during which time he had received the unremitting atten- tion of his medical attendant, Dr. Robinson. He was a member of the William IV. Lodge, Manches- ter Unity of Oddfellows. RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. In connection with the Halton Branch, a social evening was held in the Court beet Room on Mon- day. The attendance at tea was very large, while at the concert which followed, the room was filled to excess. Mr Harry Gill, of Liverpool, won golden opinions for his humorous selections, and was en- thusiastically recalled for each item. Mr T Shall- Iross was similarly honoured for "The Volunteer," while his rendering of" The Cavalier's Song" was delightful. Mr J Clare sang two songs in very nice style, and Master J J Lunt gave a tasty rendering of " The Chorister," aud another item. Mr T Clara was well received with a humorous recitation. The duties of chairman were ably discharged by Mr T H Priestly, and a practical address was given by Mr W Millington. Mr W .8 Dudley also spoke, and the usual votes of thanks closed the proceedings. For Private CHRISTMAS CARDS Bee MoßraLL's, Reweey-street.—Advt.

DIED IN BEM SLEEP. On Tuesday morning at the Runcorn Police Court, before Ar It Dobson, coroner, an inquest was held touching the death of a child named Margara Pendleton, 9, Queen-street, aged four months.-31r Cooke was the foreman of the jury.—Charles Pendleton stated that the deceased was his child On Sunday she went to bed with witness and his wife: She had had a slight cough for about four days.—At 1.30 his wife asked him to take the child and he found her quite cold. They at once went for some neighbours, afterwards fetching a policeman. The child was insured but the policy had lapsed.—Mary Pendleton, wife of the last witness corroborated. She had rubbed the child with camphorated oil for the cold.—Dr W Bethune stated that he had made a post mortert examination of the deceased who had died from pn-umonia.— A verdict in accordance with the evidence was returned.

--- ANTIQUE Wrought IRON and COPPER WARE. for wedding presents, etc.—GARLAND, Bridge St,—Advt.

_ MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. - In connection with the above mission the first opening of the s-ries of weekly concerts was given by Mt W Byfleld's Concert Party. There was a very good attendance. A good number of masters of vessels and several of the seamen and apprentices from the grain ship at the lay-bye which had been paid off that day were present at the concert which was greatly enjoyed. Doubtless it was a treat to them, after a long voyage. A capital programme was gone through consisting of songs, duets,recita- tions, violin solo and gramaphone selections, many of the items being encored. After the interval Mr Clare's slight of hand performance was much ap- preciated and several other songs were given. Mr Shaw proposed a vote of thanks seconded by Mr Evans, to Mr W Byfield and his concert party. This was carried with acclamation three hearty cheers being called for, which were ,given in grand style. The singing of the .National Anthem brought the proceedings to a close ' The following is a list of the items rendered; " Tne Holy City," Miss Garvie ; selection, piccolo and piano, "Laburnam Waltz" W Shaw, jun.. and Miss Lily Shaw; " Roses beneath the snow," Mrs ' Gatley ; The sailor's grave," Mr F K Boraston ; " Under the hammer,' Miss Turner" Market on Saturday night," Miss L Gibson ; "The sikioper," Mr 0 Horton; "The longshore man," Mr F K Bor- aston ; "You show me your slate," Mrs L Shaw; "By the sad sea waves," Mrs (Utley. The accom- panists were Messrs Boraston and W Grounds and the Misses L Shaw and Garvie. The chair was occupied by Mr W Byfield. NOTHING- NEW ONDSR THE SUN ? E 3. THERS IS Mellor's New System of Treating Diseases of the Nye is absolutely unique. Thousands of Cures. Book FREl3.—Mera_ort. Eye Specialist. 235, Oxford-street. Manchester. (12).—Advt. WESTON WESLEYAN BOLE AND MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. On Monday evening the weekly meeting of the above was held when Mr J H Spiby uf Widnes, read a paper entitled The makings of a man." Mr John Macleod occupied the chair. The essayist at the outset said it was not his intention to inform them as to how one could become rich or even how to invest money to advantage. His aim would be to show how it was poseible to become a good man. It was imperative upon all that moral force should be in the ascendency, Which combined with qualities such as the exercising of the faculties of observation would do much towards the attain- ment of success in life. Man was not measured by his stature but by his intellectual attainments. In order to succeed it was essential that young people should study in early manhood and thereby acquire,a store of knowledge which embraced such subjects as theology, biography. and science, the acquisition of which gave an impetus to effort by means of which together with adherent faculties tehuechyaosundg maneterm determination, fully equipped for the race and energy, of life and achieving of success. "Tis not in mortals to command success ; but we will do more, we will deserve it." He, the essayist, felt all should be in- spired with those words, even amid the incessant struggles and trials of life, and should " rise on the stepping stones of their dead selves to higher things.' Instances were quoted of England's great men who after repeated failures were eventually successful in attaining the highest pinnacle of fame. Disraeli's repartee while addressing the Rouse of Commons that a daywould come when he would be heard was indicative of a determination which in after years was fully demonstrated. The temperance question was one which was exercising the minds of all who had the welfare of their fellow creatures at heart. Much was hoped fram legislation, yet it was almost impossible to make men sober by Act of Parliament. What was needed was that the populace should be educated to higher ideals—the acquisition of which would enable man to avoid the pitfalls and shares of life.—Man's environment was entered upon at some length, the question evolving as to whether environment tended to lower the moral standard, or id there were a hidden source within which enabled man to overcome the degrad- ing influences which surrounded him.—An animated discussion followed, when A Cross, J Spruce, J Brown, W Hazleburst and others took part.

CRAWFORD'S

"ALEXANDRA BISCUITS,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
INTRODUCED

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD The Final Flourish.

Ethics of Electioneering. Three years ago the Sectarians captured the School Board, and during their period of control seldom has a ripple disturbed the serenity of their contentment. The last monthly meeting was held on Thursday, November 7th, and was quite a coutrast to the usual placidity of the proceedings, for the "waters were troubled"almost from the start. There was in fact a "full dress debate" arranged in " due and solemn " form as the Freemason woula say, upon the want of accuracy of Mr Imison, Chairman ot the Finance Committee, and upon the ethics of electioneering. Mr Pritchard was the only absentee member, and the expectations of the publio may be gauged by the fact that the members of the Press equalled the members of the Blatd, and there were in addition Mr Lightburn, the Clerk and his assist- ant, Mr &Reed Lightburn. The Board Room is not a large one, and it was not long en the atmosphere was sultry in more senes than one. The scope of the debate was shown on the agenda and Mr F J Norman opened the proceedings by requesting froth Mr Imison an explanation of a statement la.-! had made at a Board meeting in May ; namely that the precept then issued was £5O less than last year ; and consequently there was ground for congratulation on the part of the rate- payers. This statement had no foundation in fact ; the precepts for the past three years were exactly the same —£2,050 per annum—Mr Imison replied that what he said, or meant to say, was that the precept was £5O ' less than the previous half-year. There was cause for I congratulation in the fact that although the Board had done more work the rate was not increased.—Mr Nor- man retorted that the great cry of the Church party at the last election wan " down with the rates," and to say that they were getting more for their money would not satisfy the poor deluded people who had expected a reduction in the rates. He moved a resolution that the Board considered Mr, Imison'a explanation unsatisfac- tory and he set it forth in writing at the instigation of the Chairman, who then scrutinized it with the exacti- tude of a pedantic pedagogue, dotted the I's and crossed the T's, as it were. before it met the approval lot his scrupulosity. Mr. Handley formally seconded the motion , in order that it might be discussed, remarking that Mr. Imison bad practically withdrawn his statement. Mr. Imison de- nied this impeachment and added that he could point out many cases for congratulation. The Chairman trotted out the good old excuse that probably the mis- take had been made by a reporter, which drew from Mr Norman the observation that the reporters of the three local newspapers had all made the mistake. The Chair- man condemned making public business turn upon the veracity of individual members; it was a course which he hoped no one but Mr Norman would pursue because it could only lead to bitterness of feeling. He had heard outside that Mr Norman had suggested that the conduct of those gentle- men who did not agree with him on the Board was founded upon a want of truthfulnesi. Mr Norman ac- cepted the statement with a decisive " hear, hear " and the chairman then reminded his brother members that he was also vicar of the parish, at the same time ex- pressing his belief that Mr Norman was a religious man and addressed to him a " solemn appeal " that in the matter" which has to be fought out and will be fought out and has been fought out on honest lines," Mr Norman and those who thought with him would not embroil that town with feeling and cause bad blood that would last for years and years but give each other credit for honesty and for truth. Mr Norman replied that he was as strongly grounded in his convictions as the vicar was in his and what he complained of was that matters were put in such a way as to codvey a wrong impression to the outside people, His religious training had perhaps given him an idea of truth different from other peoples. It had been said in Runcorn •• There is an old saying that the strategy of truth is the best way to confound the pL,ople." He had nothing to do with strategy of truta ; he told the truth as straight as he could, and in many quarters he had spoken strongly with regard to a bundle of rubbieh that he carried about with him. Here Mr. Norman displayed a big bundle of election hand bills issued by the church party at the last election and he proceeded to challenge the Vicar t make good a statement that the taking over of the Wesleyan schools by the Beard had put an extra 41 in the £ on the rates It the Vicar could prove that assertion, Mr Norman undertook to withdraw all be had said with regard to , the election literature. If on the other hand Mr Norman pre,ved as he hoped to prove, that chat statement con- veyed a totally wrong impression to the people, he and the Vicar would understand one another better in the future.—The Chairman said there was nothing in that leaflet he did not maintain to-day.—The discussion on ' this subject was ended by vote. Only Mr Norman took the affirmative, four were against and three members did not vote.

Now followed the consideration rl what may appro- priately be called "eection ethics." At the last election, Mr. Norman explained that the Church party said the School Board rate was 9d in the £ ; the Progressives said it was 7i; and he propodnded this proposition. In the last year of Mr. Pritchard's chairmanship,£l,7oo was drawn from the rates; last year £2,050 was drawn from the rates. Mr. Imison had described the latter sum as eq.:a! to 411 in the £ for the half year ; what rate then did the former suet represent. Both Mr. Imison and the Chairman cleared up the mystery by stating that at the election the Church party were dealing with the current rate, a rate levied a week or two before the election which equalled 9.1. for the year. The two parties were dealing with totally different figures, and added the chairman it suited the 3 church party to deal with the current rate. Mr Norman made some scathing re- marks at this method of conducting business. To deal with prospective expenditure was altogether irregular. A. Beard ought to stand or fall by its previous three years' work. If the chairman of the Cc-operative Society at the next annual meeting of that body would put on one side the official balance sheet and begin to talk about something purely speculative of the future, no matter how remote, he would establish a reputation for eccentricity, to say the least of it. The chairman again assumed his lecturing tone to Mr Norman whose policy, he said, was to close up voluntary schools, and to show how this policy was at variance with the Wesleean body he mentioned that the Wesle,yans at Northwich were building a new school. Mr Norman rose to reply, but the Chair- man would not listen to him and curtly ordered him to sit down, and Mr Norman, perforce submitted, observ- ing that the Chairman always most unfairly used his I powers in the chair,. Mr Handley, however, rose to • "put the Canon right " on the Northwich matter. The Chairman's remarks, he said, might convey a wrong impression. The Wesley-Ins of Northwich wire building a new school, because through subsidences, the property on either side of the school had fallen away, the school had been shored up !several times and was positively dangerous. The Wesley ans were not building a new school as a matter of educational policy, but as a matter of necessity.—The Chairman : You don't contradict that they are building a new school P.—Mr Norman t No. but he contradicts your inference, the impression you would have created as to why the Wesleyans of Northwich were building a new school. It is the • strategy of truth again. t This closed the electioneering business of the Board

and the financial t itcrnent for the past year was pre— sented : and Mr Itnison pointed out that the balance in hand was £941 3.7 e 3L—Mr Norman said the ratvayers would not agreo with them in taking money to Parr's Bank and keeping it there. A perusal of the Voluntary School balance sheetq showed a very different policy. A precept of £l,OOO for the current half year was ordered to be served upon the overseers.

COUNTY B OROU

OF 'ARRINGTON

THE MAYOR and MAYORESS will bold an AT HOHIV^ on THURSDAY, the 21st NOVHAIBBR, 1901, at the TOWN HALL. where they will be happy to receive visitors from 3 to 5.30 p.m. Town Hall, Warrington, November, 1901.

%TANiID by a Young Lady Situation, as S HON i'H A ND VV TYPIST.—AppIy Box, S., " Bxaminer " Office, Warrington.

TLIE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS. either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, municipal offices, Warrington.

, WHITR STAR 141N13 ROYAL IRML STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Q aeen down . WEDNESDaYISERVICE. FRIDAY SERVICE. MAJESTIC Wed.,Nov. 20 1 CYMRIC OCEANIC Wed., Nov. 27 I CBLTIC Frt., Dec. 13 ThirdOlass pasaange at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. I Apply to lemar. Imam, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur I treet. S.W.. and 34. Lealenhall Street. London. 8.C..

TABLE, FLOOR, and RANGING LAMPS of every iescriptlon.--J S GARLaND,lronmonger, Bridge St,Advt.

H. IL. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC Is Tar KING OF TONICS —63, SLNEET-STREET, WeaTlEgtoll.—(AdVt.) PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE OLOOKIFOR BBS 2 BOOTS ut LANCA SHINIL—Advt

For Private CHRISTK&S CARDS set Moue:Ll:a. Bewsey-stseet,--Adv t.

I

I

.

I

I

It?,, GEt / , , • tf .m..,.., tit 11

1 : 4 I ' ~' •. I ' 1 ! 1 , i t 1,4 1 , i '• l' " 1, 1- I''1:1

4

I

• ,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the IVIAGISTHATES

UNHAPPY Boma LIFE. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday before the , Mayor and other magistrates. the adj,urned case was heard in which Elizabeth Hclbrock, 47, Watkin-street, was charged with neglecting her children.—Mr Browne,l who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C.' said the defendant's husband had been a teetotaler tot 15 years. The cause of complaint against the woman was drink. She was before the magistrates on August 19th, and her husband thought then that if she were given a chance she w4)uld turn over a new leaf. She, herself, promised that she would take no more drink. lhe case was ad- journed for four weeks. During that time she made only one slip. A further adjournment was applied f 07, and granted, and that very same night she was drunk. A. :week afterwards also she was found drunk by a police officer. The time was midnight, and she had a baby with her. She was summoned, and fined for the offence. She was drunk again last week but one. For a week she had been ill and unable to leave the house. The chil- dren were not actually neglected, because tar Holbrook's mother lived at the house, and looked well after them. The motiier would have nothing to do with them, and was away from borne continualls--Mr Holbrook gave evidence and said that on one cceasion his wife came home late, blackguarded him and tore hia clothing. He gave her all his waves. At one time he began to pro- vide the food for himself, but she threw it out of the house and quarrelled with him for not giving her his 7r.eney. He had t' no life " with her, and desired to be separated from her.—Mr Browne said that Inspector Hackett had come to the conclusion that no good would be effected until the woman was sent to prison.—lt was suggested that she should be sent to a home.—Mr Taylor Police Court Missionary, promised to get her into one for six months, and after some persuasion she consented to go, but it was afterwards found that as she had a baby enly three months old she would not be admitted to the home. The magistrates decided to send her to prison in the second division for a month SCHOOLBOYs' COATS STOLEN FROM SANKEY BOARD SortoOn. At the Warrington 02casional Court on Tuesday, before Mr F A Frost, a woman named Mary Elizabeth Cro4s, of no settled abode, was charged with having stolen on Friday certain articles of clothing valued at 119 61, from the Great Sankey Board School.—Evidence was given to the effect that Mrs Clarke, wife of the headmaster of the school, saw the prisoner going away from the school with a bundle under her apron. She informed her husband, and he ordered the boys who had brosight overcoats to go into the room where they are usually kept, when it was found that two overcoats and a coat had bem taken. Mr Clarke went after the prisoner and caught her in Liverpool-road. She had the coats under her apron. She said " I gives in. lam taken." He handed her over to PC Dugdale. and in answer to the charge nf theft she made no reply.— Prisoner now said she reserved her defence. She added that she had no defenc,.. She was committed for trial to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions. She asked when the Sessions would be he'd, and on 132ing told early in D,cember. sail it would h a Inn.' rest for her. She only wished she had stolen something more Valuable.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

"Rheumatism has afflicted me from the age of thirteen. I have been treated by many doctors, also at St. Bartholomew's and the German Hospitals, with dis- couraging results. Racked with pain, I had to be fed, and carried about the house. Friends recom- mended Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and I tried them with benefits far beyond my expectations. The rheumatism has gone and I am in first-rate health."

Told to a reporter of The an by Mrs. II')I-LAND. 2Sa, Ewart Road, Forest Hill, London, S.E.

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold by most chemists and '--_--_--. medicine dealers, price 2S. Pd. a box, six boxes for 135. pd.. or post free from Dr. 'Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London.

Mersey-street.—The Chief Constable said that about seven o'cloek on Monday evening Mrs Scattergood was having tea with the family at the rear of the premises and heard a noise In the shop. On going int') the shop she Saw the defendant Finch coming stealthily from bebind the counter as if he was going to make his escape from the shop. When he saw Mrs Scattergood, Finch very craftily turned round and asked her if she had any pegtops for sale. Mrs Scattergood said she hrd not and the boy left the shop After he had gene the woman found that 30 penny packets of Cigarettes were miseink and information was given to the police. It transpired that both boys had been seen In Mersey- street shortly after seven o'clock dividing packets of cigar- ettes and they gave serval packets to a man named Loundes. Ultimrtely they were brought to the Police Station but owing to their tender years were allowed to go. home. It appeared that the same evening Finch had been seitu on a shop counter trying to get into a till.—The boys were ordered to receive six strokes with the birch.

Vtl ----= "1,,,e. •' ~ ,„, ----___---7-. __...=2 41T- •' 1, 7":77:: = ‘,", • 1 •-..... ..- - - I 7-i-, . F±: E , - •-_-...- = ------

===== 0002601_19011115_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington 80-ough Court.

14oNns.Y.—Perorc the Mayor. Mr S Charlton Parr (in tho chair). Aldermen Roberts. Sutton. Heaton and Hutchinson Councillor Smethurst and Messrs F Monks,R T Fairciough,

Birchall. Hepberd. Wright and Thornton. FIRST CASE BEFORE THE NEW MAYOR.-51-ry TOWey. Stamford-street. was charge.' wi'h having been drunk and disorderly in Gee-street. at 10.55 on Saturday evening.- The Chief Constable said that this was the first case before the new Mayor. and as the defendant was an old woman in not very good health. he would with their permission with- draw the ease.-The Magistrates agreed, the Mayor expressing the hope that it would be a warning to the woman and that she would not come before them again. A PAUPER'S DISGRACEFUL CoNDUCT.-George Wilson, an inmate of the Workhouse, was charged with having related to perform the task allotted to him, and also with having damaged a suit of clothes, the property of the duardlans. Mr Shearer appeared on behalf of the Guardians, and said that the prisoner was admitted onThursday last. He was put into a "ell and set to Meek stones. On the Friday morning the porter found him absolutely naked, he having torn his clothes to pieces. Another suit was found for him but he refused to break any stones. On Saturday ke refused to do anything at all and tore the clothes provided by the Guard- ians to shreds and also cut his boots. He said he wanted to go to prison. He was a very bad character and would have destroyed anything that came in his way.-Prisoner was sent to gaol for three months with bard labour. DOMESTIC INFELICITY.-Benjamin Taylor, Elton-street. was charged with assaulting his wife Catherine, on the 23rd October. -Mr. Taylor said that her husband was continually 111-using her, and on the 23rd nit. he hit her in the face. When the summons was served he again abused her and. threatened t) cut her throat. Prisoner had been away from herlfor three weeks. While he was away she had been at work, and he tried all he could to atop her from getting a living. Prisoner was sent to gaol for a mrith.-51Irs Taylor was granted a separation order with 5s per week alimony. FINED FOR CRUELTY Lo A HuIOIE -Thomas Taylor. 25. Turner-street. was charged wita having worked a horse, whilst in an unfit condition in King-street.-Insnector Print stated that be was on duty in King-street and saw defend• ant in charge of a horse and trap. Noticing the animal was uneasy. he examined it. and found a sore under the saddle three inches long and one and a half wide.-Defendant was lned 103 including costs. A BAD CNA RACT ER. -ThOrnaS Troy. last from Manchester. was charged with sleeping in a abed in the coalyard of Messrs Pearsen and Knowles. Tanners-lane. at half-oast twelve that morning, having no visible means of subsistence and further with using threats tovards a watchman named Michael Comer. -Comer stated that he was a watchman in the employ of Messrs Pearson and Knowles. He was on duty on the company's premises early that morning and found the prisoner sleeping in a shed. He hat no right there and' witness handed him over to P.C. Monks. While he was being taken to the Pollee Station prisoner said he would break witness's neck and when he came out of gaol would And someone who would break his face. Witness was fre- quently on duty at night by himself, and he was afraid prisoner would do him some injure.-Prisoner said he came into the town on Saturday and was quite destitute He went t 3 his brother's house but he refused him shelter. If the rnaglatrates Would let him go he would leave the town. The Chief Constable said the prisoner's career was one his- tory of crime since 1855. He had had various terms of im- prisonment ranging from a month to five years' penal servitude. The last time he was before the magistrates was in September, when he was sent to gaol for a month for begging.-The Mayor said the magistrates conside,ed it a very dangerous practice for men to sleep out in this way, but a worse feature of the present case was the language used towards the watchman. The magistrates had decided to in- dict a month's imprisonment. SINGULAR CONDUCT OF A Womln.-Maria Backler, 8, Quay Fold, was summoned for breaking windows at the house of Edward Edwards. 79. Bank View, Fox-street, on October 30th.- Defendant did not appear and the case was heard in her absence.-Mr Browne represented the corn- nlainant and stated that Edwards formerly lived at Walsall where his wife died. Defendant was engaged by him to nurse his young child and subsequently he came to War- rington. Defendant who was a married woman, broke up her home at Walsall and followed complainant to Warring- ton, and she had been continually harrassing him. Com- plainant had married a perfectly respectable woman. and defendant persisted in saying that they were not married and called them filthy names. She bad smashed the windows at the house several times. and in March was sum- moned, but one of the magistrates paid the fine. On the date in question complainant and his wife were awakened by the smashing of glass. Edwards got up and saw the defendant going away. He followed her and found she was under the influence of drink and her arm was bleeding from a cut caused by smashing the windows.-The magistrates imposed a fine of 40s and costs. TUESDAY-Before Alderman Sutton (In the chair) and

Hutchinson, Mr Birchen and Dr Fox, SMART PUNISHMENT FOR WIFE ASSAULT.—AIfred Tomkins, 6, Edward-street, was charged on a warrant with assaulting his wife Annie on November sth Mr Browne represented the complainant and stated that on the date named, prisoner who worked at Hallam forge, came home and began •• kick- ing op a row " He hit his wife in the face, bit her thumb, threatened her with a carving kaife and thrashed his sons. He had previously been sent to gaol but be had been no better slice he came out.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour, and his wife was granted a separa• tion order with an allowance of 12* per week. BOYS BIRCHED FOR IHEFT.—Two boys named Stanley Finch, 27, Winifred-street. and Thomas Cogan, 95, Sharpe- street. were charged with stealing 30 paaketa of cigarettes of the value of Zs 61 from the shop of James Eicattergood, 126,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

Before Mr B 'raison and Mr S Taylor. INDECENT LANGUAGE.—Sarah Ann OTMeS Wag charged with using indecent langitge on the 2nd November. Fined 5, and costs (9s 6d) or in default 10 days.—Lily Jones wee tined 5s for a similar offence.

DRUNKS —Thomas Newton, Penketh-lane. and William Newport, fireman on a steamer, were each fined 5s and costa or seven days for being drunk.—Sergeant Cooper and P C Gilpin provel the cases. VACCINATION CASES—Edward Herbert Kniveton, Green- way•road, and Alfred George Hayes, Churolo-street, appied for vaccination exemptions for their children.—Both april- cants stared they losirl conscientious objections.—The applications were granted. TEMPORARY LUTHORITY.—MIbert Robin' on, Bridge-street, was grarted temporary authority to sell wines at a shop lately occupied by the executors of Isaac Speakman.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
••••....illimax.m.• LIFE ALMOST UNBEARABLE. --- Five Years of Suffering Ended. Mr. Edwards, after Heart Trouble and Backache now Feels Like a

New Man.

Mr. Richard Elwarda, of Chapel-street, Bottesbrd Noqs, has had an experience that is by no means un cornmon. He suffered continually from pain at hi heart for six years, and also from a seven:: pain in th back, so bad at times that he could not straighten him self. Many a time Mr. Edwards could not go abou his work at all. Many medicines were tried and different doctors, without any relief from either trnutl,. " I had really given up all hope of being cured," Mr. Edwards writes. But a change came be was induced to try Dodd's Kidney Pill,. Since then he has felt a different man and can go about his work with pleasure. Mr. Edwards found the right cure because the whole secret of his suffering was the kidneys. Heart troubles are the most violent symptoms of inactive kidneys, and pains in the heart are nature's protest against over- working this, the most important of all the vital organs of the body. If the heart has to pump through the human system blood clogged by impurities which the kidneys should have removed—it naturally becomes weak, and dangerous symptoms are likely to follow. Set the kidneys right by taking Dodd's Kidney Pills, and the pressure on the heart is removed. The distressing feelings of pain, giddiness,choking sensations and short- ness of breath disappear, and the body is left entirely healthy. Dodo's s Kidney Pills have cured thousands of cases of heart trouble. Dodd's Kidney Pills are sold by Chemists, 2s. 91. per box, six boxes fr 135. 93. ; or sent posl free on receipt of price by 'rho Dodds M.!dicino Co., 23, Farringdon- avenue, London, E.C.

WARRINGTON. Local Spiritualism. A public teaparty was held in the Spiritualist Hall, Bewsey-street, on Monday evening, the edibles for which were contributed by the ladies engaged in the promotion of a sale of work, After tea an entertainment was held. After a few introductory remarks hy the Chairman, Nliss Ethel Chapman, of Stretford, opened with a pianoforte solo, "Rondo in C major," for which she was encored, and in response played " Yorkshire Bells." Later on the same little lady gave a selection, " La Poupee," and was again encored, when she responded with Haydn's " Harmonious Blacksmith" with varia- tions, which was loudly applauded. Miss Chapman also accompanied several songs in capital style. Miss Edith Sherburn sang " Daddy" in such a manner as to secure an encore, and in response obliged with "The Cows are in the Clover." which was well received. Mr Sberburn gave a reading entitled " Editha's Burglar " in a telling manner, and was followed by Miss Furnees, wno sang "'a hen there's love at home," and later on she sanein an equally pleasing manner " Hearts and Homes." Miss Lily Gallop recited very effectively " The Indian with his dead child " (encored) and "The Orphan." Messrs Ciayton and Stout sang the familiar duet "Larboard Watch," and, being encored. " All's Well." Mr C Furness recited in his inimitable style " Owd Shunt," and had to respond to an enthusiastic encore. The whole programme was thoroughly enjoyed. Lantern Entertainment in St. Paul's Schools. On Monday evening a lantern entertainment was given in St. Paul's Schools, Kendrick-greet, by the Rev L W Thomas and Mr Robson J Chorley. A large portion of the pictures were from photographs taken last Walking Day Portraits and views of the Vicar and Mrs Tarbuck. St. Paul's and All Saints Sunday Schools, teachers and children in procession, lorries loaded with infants, and the various schools assembled in front of the Town Hall were thrown on the sheet. There were also pic'uree of the children at play and at tea in Bewsey Park. Teen followed a miscella- neous set,showing Sunday schoolteachers at Lien- gol'en, All Saints' choir at Rh),•l. and All Saints' football team playing a match,and soon, ending up with some very beautiful slides made by Mr Charles and Mr John Chorley, which elicited great applause from the assembled company. The entertainment was varied by songs and instrumental music given by the Misses Chesworth, Miss Nellie Armstrong and Mr Ormsby. The programme concluded with the singing of" God save the King." Presentation at Cockhedge Mission. At the close of Cockhedge Mission Sunday School, on Sunday afternoon, Mr Hall, superintendent, on behatf of the teachers and senior scholars, pre- sented to Mr Andrew Scriven a splendidly-bound teacher's Bible, bearing the following inscription : —" Presented to Mr Andrew Scriven, on the occa- sion of his leaving the town, as a token of respect, by his class and workers of Cockhedge Mission Sunday School, November 10th." Mr Hall alluded very feelingly to the loss the mission would sus- tain in parting with such an earnest and faithful worker as Mr Scriven had been during his stay amongst them. Mr Scriven, in a few well-chosen words, thanked Mr Hall and subscribers, remarking that the I:lrusal of the pages of the Bible would alwa3 a ren.und him of the many pleasant hours he I had spent in connection with Cockhedge Mission. Industrial Developments at Leigh. It is authoritatively announced that the Wigan Coal and Iron Company are expending over £20,000 on developing fresh seams at their West Leigh mines. The extensive anchor cable works, Leigh, are now completed and electrical cable manufactur- ing will shortly commence on a large scale. Fifteen thousand pounds have been expended on buildings and £20,000 on plant. It was originally intended to establish the works at Gorton, but the company have acquired eleven acres of land at Leigh,and ex pect within five years to erect indiarubber work-

===== 0002601_19011115_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINER FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15 1901

===== 0002601_19011115_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERMEN RE-ELECTED.

The Proceedings at Saturday's Council Meeting. Considerable interest centred in the first business transacted by the Warrington Town Council under the presidency of the newly-elected Mayor on Saturday, namely, the election ot aldermen. There were five aldermen whose terms of office expired: —Messrs Henry Roberts, W Bolton, R W Francomb, R Heaton, and T Hutchinson, and all sought re- election. A circular had been sent to each member of the Council by Mr E L Fleming, Secretary to the " No Municipal Trading "Committee which has re- cently been conducting an agitation against muni- cipal trading, direct or indirect by members of the Corporation, calling attention to the resolution passed at the meeting of the ratepayers held in the Co-operative Hall. The circular concluded as fol- lows :—" On behalf of the committee appointed at the first meeting! have now to call upon you to give effect to the wish of the ratepayers in regard to the re-election of Aldermen on the ninth inst." It was anticipated that several Councillors intended to make personal explanations at the Council meeting, and there was an unusually large attendance of the public. In the Council there were four absentees— Councillors Brough, Burton, Wilkinson and Duncan each of whom was re-elected on November Ist. The voting was by ballot, and the papers having been handed round. Councillor TINNION said that before they pro- ceeded with the election of aldermen he asked to be allowed to make an explanation. He bad received a circular from the "No Municipal Trading Committee " in which they dealt by resolution with what they termed serious charges against prominent members of the Corporation, and then they went on to ask that the whole of the mem- bers of the Corporation should vote against the retiring aldermen. He was present that day to give an explanation of why he should decline to do anything of the sort. (Hear, hear.) According to their own resolution they asked that the Local Government Board should make a thorough investi- gation into these charges, and then evidently doubt sprang up into their minds, and they wanted to know who were the responsible parties, if any. He &dined to do what he Considered an un-English thing, and that was to condemn a man before he had heard him. (Hear, hear.) He considered that if the members of the Council voted against the retiring aldermen, who were all eligible for re-election, they would do something that was unfair, because they would be asked to condemn them before they had had an opportunity of having that thorouah investiga- tion which he and every other member of the Council would th&roughly welcome. There was another matter be wanted to bring forward, and that was that on November 9:h, 1897 every then re.embrr of the Council pledged himself to the following document, and he thought it had been signed by every member of the Council who hadibeen elected 'since that day :—"We the undersigned members of the Warrington Town Council, hereby respectively agreelto observe the rule of seniority amongst the members of the Council in the election or re-election of the present or future aldermen of the borough." Under those circumstances he could not see how any body of men could expect them as honourable men, having signed the document, and knowing so we'l its contents to go against their word. He should con- sider that any member who voted otherwise in the cir- cumstances guilty of a gross breach of honour to his colleagues. Therefore. that was the reason he intended to vote for the re-election of the retiring aldermen. (Hear, hear.) Councilor BENNETT did not think the pledge just named by Councillor Tinnion should be binding under all circumstances. If he considered that his duty called upon him t vote against the aldermen he should do so. Alderman Surrox said it was not usual on these occa- sions to do more than make an explanation ; but he considevd that Councillor Bennett had made a speech. if everyme was to be allowed to make a speech there was no tAling when the discussion would end. It was quite contrary to the customs to make any speeches in reference to the election of aldermen and he thought th,y should refrain from doing so that morning. Councillor BENNETT said that it was not his intention to make a speech but:he did not consider that:the pledge was binding under all circumstances. It might be his duty to vote against it. It was however, un-English and unfair to condemn a man before he had been :tried and at present, he should vote for the re-election of the retiring alderman. The aldermen then retired and the Council voted. The papers having been handed to and examined by the Mayor he announced that every member whose paper had been handed in had voted for the re-election of the five aldermen. He declared them to be duly elected. Councillor Pierpoint was the only member who did not vote. The aldermen were then called into the room and informed of the result of the voting. They each read aloud and signed the usual declaration of acceptance of office. Alderman ROBERTS Ira returning thanks said :—On behalf of my colleagues and myself I have been asked te return our thanks to the Council for this expression . .

of their confidence. I think it is perhaps unnecessary for me to say that those who know us best have the utmost confidence in us, and tbe vote this morning is some reply at any rate to the unnecessary and scandal- ous charges which have been circulated during the past few weeks. (Hear, hear.) I personally thank the Council for this mark of their confidence, and express those same thanks on behalf of my colleagues. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19011115_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

SANKEY GREEN' A.F.O. V. MOOD-LANE WANDERER 9.- These two teams met on the ground of the first-named club on Saturday last,and the'result was a win for t'ee homesters by 6 goats to none. F Foeter 3, H Hawthorn, 2 W Head I.scorel goals for the winners. SANKEY WHITE STAR V. MILL-LANE ATHLETIC 3.

This match was played on the grourti of the former in fair weather. The White Star won the toss. and Smitb kicked off for the horaesters. After playing a hard game the White Star were defeated by 2 goals to 1. The goal for the White Star was scored by Llewellyn.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PENICETH SCHOOL OLD BOYS V. PENICETH.

The retarn match between these teams was played on the village ground on Saturday. Youde, Dudley and Sinclair scored for the School and Bowyer for the village. Half- time, three to one. For the first quarter of an hoar from the resumption the home team swept everything before them, and before five minutes had elapsed had scored No. 2 goal. Bp_,..eouraged by this they again attacked, and a lovely centre bowyer was headed into goal, and the scores were equal. From a scrimmage in goal Dudley unwisely used his hands, and the usual penalty followed, placing the School a goal behind. The visitors kept up the pressure, and three minutes from time Youde with a brilliant shot that just went under the hitt' made the score equal again. They made energetic attempts to get the winning goal, but the defence prevailed and time arrival with the score still equal.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Lancashire League.

WARRINGTON AGAIN DEFEATED,

Warrington Visited St. Helens on Saturday and sustained another defeat. The Town kicked off with a slight breeze in their favour, and after alternating opening exchanges. Warrington were placed ol the defensive. A couple of corners fell to Warrington and Hoy saved well, enabling Leigh to get away on his own. He centred and Roberts scored.twhile M'Guffie shortly afterwards put on a second from a penalty, Leigh haying been fouled. Although so much in the rear Warrington were not dismayed, and they attacked vigorously, albeit their combination was defective and ttey were forced back, the Town nearly scoring from a corner. Aspinall saved an header from Roberts. The for- wards got possession, and found Wainwright and Stirrup in splendid form, and the Town left from a pretty pass by Houghton were only kept out at the expense of :a corner. Wild kicking was indulged inifand Lynes was beautifully robbed by Wainwright. Half-time—St. Helens Town two ; Warrlngton,lmil. During the second half the game was of an even description and no further goals were registered, the Warringtonians attacking occaslonally, hut their play in frank of goal being very wesk. Final—St. Helens Town, two; Warrington, nil.

WARRINGTON AND !DISTRICT ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Position of the clubs up to November 9%, 1901.

Goals Played Won Lost Dwn For Agst Pts. Bewsey All Saints St. Auetina Warrington Trinity *Burtonwood Latchford lO . 2 . 3 . 5 8 ... 9 ... g Sankey' Albiona Runcorn Parish Church Latenford Britannia 7 . 3 .. 3 • 1 .10.„ 8 ... 7 Stockton•Flaath liariestown Amateurs 8 ... 3 ... 4 ... 1 ... 17 ...17 ... 7 St. Mary's 8 . 2 . 4 • 2 .)5 ...10 ... 6 Daresbury 8 . 3 . 5 . 0 .17 _l9 ... 6 Frodshani Parish Church 9 ... 2 ... 6 ••• 1 ... 16 _2B ... 5 Guardian A.F.C. Richmond. A.F.O .... .. .. *Two points deducted for playing an ineligible man.

ou plaints as to the general!) unremunera tire s e rAi ol Although complaints a few vessels have done well, there are character of the fishing from Grimsby sines the resump- tion of work. Many boats have done much less than pay their expenses, and Several are being laid up. This is bad, both for owners and men, the latter seeing their hoped-for poundage vonirh with considerable concern.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
1 111111t1. ).11)1412 ____‘ .. :_n •

"The SCOT"

*** Seerelariets ofFootball Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must reach the Head Office, Bewsey-street Warrington, bet ore 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

SOUTH WEST LANCASHiRE COM- PETITION. -- Warrington Win at St Helens.

Warringtoo were without a Northern League fixture on Saturday. but instead they played St Helen • at Knowsley- road in the South West Lancashire Competition. The day was fine and there was a crowd of some 2.003 people to witness the engagement between these old rivals. The home team were without Barnes while Warrington had to substi- tute Burgess and Duckworth at half-back for Allen and Hockenhall.whtle Ratcllffj tookiFista's place on the left wing Mr. 3 Priestley was the referee. Warrington lost the ton and started play against a strong breeze and immediately attacked. Harris got hold and run- ning down touch he punted across, where Isherwood fielded smartly and ran in behind the posts, scoring a sensational try. The scorer took the goal kick and hit the post with the ball, This roused the Saints who forced play to the other end Harris ran out to the centre, but the visitors were penalise.l Lre failing at goal. Warrington were pressed for some little time, but removed to centre. Carney here got away, and after passing by Thompson. Briers and Doherty, the latter got over, but was called back for a pass toward. Duckworth kicked out from a scrimmage on the line, and Foulkes took a free kick, hut again the two points were not forthcoming. From another free kick Foulkes kicked down, and the ball was scrummaged in front of goal. The visitors were kept busy defending, but Foulkes again failed at a free kick after several of his men bad had very hard lines in not crossing. The St. Helens forwards and half-backs were playing very strongly and Warrington had to give several minors. Duck- worth and Isherwood ran the ball splendidly to the St.Helens twenty-five, but keen forward work quickly returned Hallam got away on the other side, but St Helens were again back to the Warrington line, the wind giving them great assistance. Kennedy and Morris were unfortunate in being held on the line. b t in the next minute Hunter made the best use of a loose ball, and dodged over, scoring a try, from which Lee kicked a good goal and placed St Helens ahead. This success came very welcome to the homesters. and the forwards hat really deserved it. Re- starting the St Helens men again swarmed to the War- rington 25, This success was quickly followed by a dropped goal by Foulkes almost from half way. Hunter restarted play by a good run. St Helens still kept Warrington de- fending. From a scrimmage in front of goal Foulkes made a mark, and Lee put On another goal, greatly to the delight of the spectators. For a miunte or two after this Warring' ton seemed all at sea, and Hallam had his hands full to pre- vent further score. Close on half-time, however. Isher- wood stole away from the scrimmage at his own 25, and after a grand run passed to Dickenson. who scored and reduced the points against the Warringtonians. Half-time —St Helens, 3 goals 1 try (9 points), Warrington 2 trio! (6 points). St Helens started the second hslf, and the excellent form of their forwards was at once showa by an attack on the Warrington goal. The visitors were penalised, but Foulkes failed at an easy place. Burgess removed play by a fine run but his pass was not accepted. Then Warrington attacked hotly. Harris and Ratcliffe both haying tries disallowed. Warrington pressed for some time, and Burgess dribtded almost over from a scrimmage. Foulkes ran the ball out beyond half way. Warrington returned and Dickenson scored after good passing, Isherwood kicked a goal, thus placing the Warrlngtonlans ahead. Warrington were now going well, and Harris scored within the next few minutes Duckworth also scared a smart try, no goal resulting. St Helens now, after these reverses, played up strongly. After a good run by Fairborn. the ball was carried over Warring- ton's line, but the St Helen; men were unable to get over it St Helens had a shot at the Warrington goal, but a free kick by Hallam cleared the danger. The match was exceedingly interesting all through. Isherwood made a grand run, but Foulkes collared. The St Helens forwards dribbled back, but the Warrington men had now the upper hand. Final.— Warrington, 1 goal 5 tries (17 points) ; St Helens, 3 goals 1 try (9 points).

===== 0002601_19011115_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

BRADFORD v. RUNCORN.

This match was played at Park Avenue, before about 7,000 spectators. Bradford played Ward for Boyes, sad B Smales for Feather. A strongish wind blew straight down the ground towards the city, and the home side, winning the toss, rho% to play with the wind. The opening was tame, but in time Murgatroyd made a good run, Bradford getting an attacking position. Houghton's defence was conspicuous, sad though Rradford were mainly on the attack Butterworth had hard lines in nut scoring, The game beataine very keen The first score came to Bradford, Murgatroyd and Sinton making an opening, frcm which Laidlaw scored a try. L ft Wood failing at goal. Runcorn improved after this, but the game was still unpleasantly keen, and a man on either side was Cautioned by the referee. Half-time arrived with the score—Bradford 1 try. Runcorn nil. With the wind with them Runcorn, on the resump- tion began to attack. Players on both sides had been apparently advised to keep their tempers. and Houghton, who at the close of the first half had been kicked in the face, was able to resume. The Cheshire team adopted kicking tactics, and were materially aided by the bad fielding of the Bradford men. There were occasional Spurts on the home side, but at last Sinton had a kick charged, enabling Butterworth to score a soft try, from which Farmer kicked a goal, Jolley shortly after dropped another goal, and Farmer. with the Bradford team well beaten, ran in a try. and placed a goal. Result :—Runcorn 3 goals and 2 tries (12 points), Bradford 1 try (3 points). Teams : Wilson, halfp Bradford—Ward, !sack ; Pollard, Murgatroyd, Heseltine iSenanaal ens, yaond . and iinton, three-quarter backust;t. B Mars backs ; Broadley, Laidlaw: H Smales. Wright and Wood, forwards, Williamsit u ncorn. half backs ; htown:l Walker, ckr;arlinaicehr, a rLdsigonht, f oßot. uttLerawngolretyh: Warder and Wilkinson, threeluarter backs , Jolley and Gayter. Woods, Moulton and Williams, forwards. Referee, Mr Williams. Salford. Touch judges, Mr A Brooke Brighouse and Mr J If Skinner, Halifax,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HULL V. OLDHL3d.

In this contest at Hull Oldham rushed the scrummages, but superior back play gave Hull the commanding position. Williams brought relief. and Driscoll ran well for Hull. Oldham, however, scored a penalty goal. Continuous scrnm- mages left the teams evenly balanced, Jacques securing a penalty, and thus equalising the score, Hull then started a grand passing movement, tne resulting try being disallowed. Oldham were penned. and Thompson scored for Hull, who led at half-time by five points to two. After the interval Hull cleared an ugly rusk, and had the best of the sub- sequent play. By fine passing Parry scored at the corner for them, Oldham's display being disappointing, Williams and Lees mulling the only chance they had in this half

E-

. -- , . _,

= This is the experience of Mr. VERNUM, back of Ez: is, New Spring Street, Brookfields, Birmingham.

Agonising pains in the arms, like rheumatism, sent me to a doctor; then I tried hospitals, but all seemed useless. I gradually lost the use of my limbs and could do nothing for myself, not even feed myself. I found I was para- lysed. My wife had confidence in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and got some. After four boxes I regained use of my fingers, and then recovery was rapid. I .took twelve boxes altogether and am now well, and can walk twenty miles."

===== 0002601_19011115_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD V BRIGHOUSE RANGERS.

This match was played at Brighouse, befora only a moder- ate number of spectators. The borne club had done very badly in the League, and it was generally anticipated that Salford would easily account for them. Such proved to be the case,and when the game came to a close Salford had won by tha great margin of sixteen points. Salford, three goals and six tries (24 points) ; Brighouse Rangers, one goal and two tries (eight points).

===== 0002601_19011115_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SWINTON' V HALIFAX. - - - -

This match was played at t-o-n.-17;f•ore a fair number of spectators. Halifax were strongly represented, but Swinton were without Lewis, who was injured last week against Hunslet, and his place was taken by Cooper, whilst Davies reappeared in the team at half back. Swinton won the toss, and Halifax commenced the game. The home team quickly attacked, and the backs got going with a combined move- ment, which ended in Messer reaching the visitors' line, Where he lost a certain try though passing the ball forward Halifax defended ' finely for some time, but eventually Cooper got an opening and scored a try for Swinton, which Pre,ton improved The Swinton backs continued to mono- polise the play, and after Hampton had been brought down on the line by Nicholls. Cooper again scored an unimproved try for Swinton. Then Halifax had a short spell of attacking and from a punt out of touch. Riley caught the ball and scored a try. which Little easily improved. At half-time the score was eight points to five in favour of Swinton. Re- suming, the home team for some time kept up a determined attack on tha visitors' line, and from a capital round of passing between'Davies and Morgan, Valentine scored a try for Swinton. Shortly afterwards Swinton were penalised, and Little placed a goal for Halifax. Cooper scored another try for Swinton, and the game ended :—Swinton, one goal and four tries (14 points) ; Halifax, two goals and one try (seven points). 1117DDER5FIELD V LEIGH.

At Huddersfield, before 7,000 spectators. Both teams were as selected, and a fast game ensued. Molyneux started for Leigh, who attacked vigorously, but the Huddersfield forwards replied with a grand dribble, which ended in Balmforth sc-wlng near the posts. Larard easily improved. Huddersfield attacked again, and a'ter fine passing on the part of Rawnsley, Larard and Winpenny, the last-namel scored behind the posts. and Larard again augmented. Leigh then played up strongly, and after p losing between Dun- bavin and Johnson, Davies scored at the corner, no goal resulting, Then Kitchen ran half the length of the field, and scored. Larard kicking his third goal. A fine dribble ended in Balmforth scoring again, but this time the Place kick failed. and at the interval Hudder.field led by three goals and four tries (18 points) to a try (three points.) On resuming Leigh showed a vast improvement in their play, and Duabtvin kicked across to Davies,who scored,and Dun- bavin kicked a goal. Right passed badly thrice when Manley had a clear run In each tima. Molyneux landed a penalty goal. Kitchen mulled, and Davies raced up. and scored his third try for Leigh. Dunbavin failing. Toward the close Dunbavin had a glorious chance of scoring under the posts but he unluckily knocked on. Result :—Huddersfield. thre goals and four tries (t 8 points) ; Leigh, two goals and thr e tries (13 points).

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION. --- SUYIMARY OF RESULTS. G. T. P. G. T. P. Wigan Widnes 2 3 13 Barrow Rockdale Hornets 0 0 0 Stockport Lancaster Hull K. Rovers 2 3 13 Altrincham 2 1 7 Birkenhead ..... 0 1 5 RESULTS TO DATE. For. Agst. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Widnes 10.11.. 0... 0...18 27-117... 7 3 25..21 Wigan lO.. 9... 1... 0 ..22 23-128... 9 4 31.28 Birkenhead 10.. 6. 4... 0...12 22 90...11 16— 70...12 .Btockport 9. 5... 2... 2...13 15— 71... 4 1— 11...10 Hull K. Rovers 5... 4... 0... 1... 5 8— 34... 2 1— 7... 9 Lancaster 10. 4... 5... 1...22 13— 83...10 12— 56 9 IMillom 7. 4... 2... 1...10 12— 56.. 8 11— 49... 9 1 Barrow 9. 4... 5.. 0...18 19— 93...13 7 47... 8 8t Helens Rochdale li'nets 8... 2... 5... 1... 8 7 37... 5 13— 49... 5 Morecambe 10... 1... 9.., 0... 6 13— 61...18 18— 90... 2 *Radcliffe 9... 1... 8... 0... 4 4 20...32 45-199... 0 *Altriacham *Radcliffe, Altrinohani. and Stockport have each had two points deducted for breach of rules.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE RUGBY COMBINA- TION.

WARRINGTON "A" DNFEAT ST. HELENS.

These teams met at Wilderspool on Saturday afternoon, before a good attendance of spectators. Play opened in favour of Warrington, and Lawless had a difficu t shot at goal after two minutes' play. The locals still attacked, but (I stubborn defence was forthcoming, and by easy stages St. Helens got dangerously near. Knight being eventually com- pelled to save. Townson was foremost in some clever work, but another bold effort by the St.Helens backs saw a visiting forward drop a clever goal. Warrington retaliated, and following a smart passing display Scott scored at the corner. Play went directly in favour of Warrington, and at half time they led by three points to two. During the second half II the Warringtonians pressed hair'. but their efforts lacked finish and numerous opportunities to score were missed. No addition to the score was made, and the home team thus won by a try to a goal. SkLFORD TROVWCE FLETCHER RU6SELVS.

Fletcher Russell's visited the Royal Borough on Saturday, and experienced a severe trouncing. Fletcher's were rather poorly represented. Davies started for Salford. who were at once aggressive, and from a pass by the Welshman Smith slipped over. Smart passing between Davies and Smith was neatly stopned by Brown, and after a long inset by Webb, Hignett removed the game 'to the visitors' quarters, where Bone scored from a pass by Harter. Davies failing to improve Fletcher's pressed at the restart, and after passing amongst the backs Webb got over at the corner, Brown's shot going wide. Half-time :—Salford A," four goals six tries (23 °into) ; Fletcher Russell's, one try (three points). The econd half went all in favour of the home team and tries were scored by mith, Davies, Howarth, and Bone, goals being placed by Daniels,dignett and Davis's. Final result : Salford •• A," six goals eleven tries (43 points) ; rletcher Russell's, one try (three_poix.sts)._

===== 0002601_19011115_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
10:TWCORS "A" c;. WIDNE3 "A.'

This fixture took pla3e at Rancor-n on Saturday in grand weather and before a falr crowd.. Runcorn startet and Immediately rushed to the visitors' quarters, where play was located for a time. A passing bout by the Runcorn backs gave Flanagan a chwe, bat that player knocked on. Widnes then broke away in fine style, but their passing was faulty, and they were brought up for a forward pass. Run- corn again became dangerous, and Brown was pulled cli-iwn near the line. From now to half-time. Way was even, but certainly not of class order. The interval was sounded with the score sheet blank. On the resumption. Runcora imme- diately pressed, and hot work ensued in the visitors quarters. After a few minutes' play. Jones sc ired an unconverted try. Liv-ly play followed. and Brown scored a try, which was unconverted. Nothing further was scored, and Runcorn ran out winners by two tries to nil.

Lancashire Junior Leaßue. Ituriconri RECREATION V LATCHFORD RANGERS.

At Runcorn. Playing down the slope Recreation attacked, and the Rangers were leaky in clearing their lines. Dan- barM made a smart run but fell a few yards short. From the ensuing scrummage. Price scored. The Rangers now kicked and passed cleverly, but made little headway. Half- time : Runcorn Recreation, one try : Latchford Rangers. nothing. During the second half the Rangers did the major portion of the attacking, and a clever running passing move- ment resulted in Bate earning a try, from which Hewitt added the extra points. Following this came a cleverly dropped goal by Platt. and the Latchford team won by two goals and one try (seven points„ to Runcorn one goal and one try (five paints).

===== 0002601_19011115_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
....____:_____ ...,_____ ~. __=_,-_ r -7,--,_ =____ if „, „•,..„,. --,-_,____ , , , ~..__, ...., ,_. = ,_-__. _ ...__.„ ,___ _.,,....,------ , _ ..,/,,,,,,/ „,,__y, ~,/,,, 1 ..,,,,,,, _____ _____,___.----"0,,,,,, „,., ~ 'I, _._-____=__-_ _ ," ,:„,, ~,,,,/ , i, - __

===== 0002601_19011115_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

Fixtures for Reason 1901-1902. FIRST TRAM.

CLUB.

GROUND,

DATE. 1931. Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradtord 21 Broughton Rangers away 6 6 28 Runcorn Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov E Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home 23 Halifax away 30 St. Helens ......... ........ Dec. 7 Batley away 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield home 25 leigh 26 Runcorn 28 Widnes away 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home

4 Hull 11 Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home Feb. 1 Salford home 8 Huddersfield 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home liar. 1 Salford 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good FridaY 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan 12 19 Champions v Rest 26 Final Cup Tie

RUNCORN.

DATE.

_ . Points For Ag at Sep.37 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11 0 28 Warrington away 3 10 Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 3 5 14 Brighouse Rangers 19 St. Helens __ 26 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lanes. 8 8

_ Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire Dec. 7 Huddersfield 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland In Cum. 21 Broughton Rangers home 25 (Xmas Day) Brougghton B home 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home .'l3 Salford home 1902. Jan. 1 Hull home 4 Broughton Rangers away 11

18 Leigh away 25 Hunslet away Feb. 1 Oldham 8 Brighouse Bangert_ _._ away

li -s-Gove Tuesda'Fi Half= aws-, 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar,l Bradford 8 Salford away

15 Cup Tie Leigh away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Tie 12 Seml•final Cup Tie 19 Champions v. Rest 28 Final Cup Tie

===== 0002601_19011115_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT NEW COCOA.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
COCO

TAKEN COCOA-CONSUERS BY SURPRISE

If you use as much as you would of other cocoas it is too strong to drink.

THAT IS HOW QUALITY TELLS.

Anton SID, 5 35 Alkar at 47 15 8 nirnair 8,25. lOC:nada] Birrair 6 55,11 5 Blackt °44days Blankp 7,17, 8

Liver( '3. 2 : 44nday 1018, 1( Ll_ ev rpo, ~LOII4C 57. 1 -'4ollda. Londc 65. II

4y.10 b Lyrar, 49,1 a tituday t Mancl 19, 9 ;17,8 : 57 Pc timid 9 0 Fy...! _9

===== 0002601_19011115_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
MAZAWATTEE

COCOA

is therefore the cocoa that

Nature's Choicest Nutrient.

14,1

• 1 a, a S 11 1, js Qi a, bq a 2 /If,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
SPELLS ECONOMY

CLUB.

and this is how it works out :

GROUND.

DATE. 1901.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITII

1 WIDNES. CLUB.

GROUND.

FOIT For Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 14 Birkenhead away 16 21 St Helens away 5 28 Altrincham home 28 Oct. 5 Morecambe away 7 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan 26 Birkenhead home 16 ?6 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 Nov 2 Stockport away 2 9 Barrow home 13 16 Altrincham 16 Lancs. v. Yorkshire in Yorkshire 23 Millom home Dec 7 14 Lancaster home

21 Lancaster away 25 (Christmas Day) 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 1902. Jan. 1 4 11 Barrow away 11 Lancs. v. Cumberland. in Lancs. 18 Radcliffe 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Homets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home 22 Mar. 1 8 St Helens home 15 Cup Tie. Askarn 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 5 Cup lie 12 blillom away

ST. HELENS.

DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Polllo4 For a Sep. 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster hme 4 5 21 Widnes home 2 y 28 Rochdale Hornets away 9 / .Oct. 5 Barrow home 3 5 12 Stockport away 0 19 Runcorn home 0 26 Lancaster away 26 Lancs. v Cheshire, in Lancs. 8 Nov. 2 Radcliffe away 19 11 Warrington home 9 16 Birkenhead away 16 Lancs. v Yorkshire.in Yoras. 23110 m away 39 Dec. 7 Radcliffe 14 Barrow away 21 Morecambe away 25 (Christmas Day) • 26 Bank Holiday) 28 Wigan 1902. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets home 4 Altrincham away 11 Lancs. v Cumberland in Lancs. 15 Stockport home 18 25 Feb. 1 8 Millom home 15 Birkenhead borne 22 Mar. 1 Morecambe home

J

8 Widnes 15 22 Cup Tie, Hull Kingston away 0 a OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT.—Many peol"ne ;rid or disused false teeth. Send your teeth to Fraser. Ltd., Princes-street, Ipswich (estan. 1.833). Will remit the utmost value return or o's" j 0° offer. Largest and oldest buyer old false testh I • world. U a 511 pILES AND INDIGESTION - - If you have PILES do not neglect and allow thern to assume worse forms ; Fistula may follow. KEUT Y'S CURE uorarift; is the only safe and effectual remedy for lnwod' ors t,D and bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a chler it is Blood, and causes them disappear like 0110afgestI°° to positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic fro. Sold by all Chemists in bottles ls. lid rost 1,0 KSIITY AHD CO. H&LIFAX.

Atto 3,) s Alte, 7 19, eleePt litrzt 45 a; flirt b 45,7

, IF. , Ia BL;., 4 55,4 • S )• 3011 10.5 taturd Carl qz,s,

.50,5 , oon 4 10. 'Cc.

r;ar, 21„ tthEi idund

4, 6 Fre Stin

12 btl 8 0,

IZ 1 I'l4 40 sac,

1114 4.11 go

B't 4%81 s 81 4 St 35.1 8 4

2 22 12

toil ohs kit It!, %to

!

I

===== 0002601_19011115_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
4t4.,fid EVERY WOMAN tend two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book "ostru '4( valuable information how all Irregularities and Iheitt,:ti°n+ taly be entirely avoided or removed by simple r,146. V r R"°nlclended by emineW Physicians, as the only Genuine Remedy, Never fai.s. Thousands of -44als• Mr P. BLANCHARD, Mist= Lane, London.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymrn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southnort,Prescot. Wigan, Onus- kirk Whin ,s. & Earlestoun London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and, . .. I

_ Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlaegow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, 8c Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, lastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, PadgaLe, W oolston, Stockton I Heath , and Stretton Lon.lon 84 Foreign, South, and S-, Ras t :.rn Counties

===== 0002601_19011115_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESIOWN AND

HEAD OFFICE High-t, , Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan Hours of I Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. 1. Sundays? to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.43 p.m. The 'CeleoTaph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 81, n , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL PosT.*Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at? a.m.. 12-30,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPATCHES

wing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp Ordinary MAILS Extra Postage. ,td. Stamp

Ash.ton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, GoThorne, Lowton, & Winwiek. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blickpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwcod, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail 10-35 a.m, Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham. Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool. North Wales,Preston,St.Helens. Southport, and S. ..sh Wales ... 2-20 p.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick ... 8-10 Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, 3tockport And all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... 8-10 SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

5-0 a.m.

1 -10 -,

2-15 p.m.

4-30

CLEARED

RECEIVING HOUSE, lEE ()LE RECEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown 1

SITN-OFFICES AND W ALL AS FOLLOWS: • WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUB-OFFICES*Ashton .................. Collins Green ......... *Go'borne ............... Log ton ..................... Stubsrmw Cross ......... Winwick.., .............. *Wargrave ............ .

WALL Bore. 6— `,.;Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the liacecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-St., Golhorne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) parcels are despatched Ii town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m me as letters.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m.

'id() a.m. and ,6;20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 n.m. 6.0 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are 7elegraps Offices also

10 a.m., and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

Sunday 4.30 p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. NH. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

5, 10 a.m.. 12 noon, E 7 p.m. 6AO p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 am. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 am.

, . from the, Receiving Office Eules- s.; from all Sub-Offices at

===== 0002601_19011115_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Vireßß INGTON. The AttendanCes of Members of the Council.

The Corporation has published a return of Coun- cil and Committee meetings and attendanc es of the members from 9h November, 1900 to 30th October, 1901. The following are the totals : The Mayor during the period named (Alderman H Roberts), 233, Aldermen Bolton, 67, Fairclough, 128 Francomb, 33, Green, 112. Heaton, 186, Hutchinson, 148, Monks, 153, Sutton, 83. Councillors Baird, 125, Bennett 102,Br0ugh,26,Burt0n,94,Davie5,64,Duncan, 103, Ellison, 78, John Evens, 168, James Evans, 82, Forshaw, 42, Greening, 117, Hulse, 78. A J011ey,136, A J Jolley, 146, Malkin, 51, Peacock, 81, Pierpoint, 41. Plumpton, S, F R Roberts, 24, John Roberts, Ds, W Roberts, 62, Rogers, 116, Sampson, 48, Shillcock, 89, Smethurst, 163, Tinnion, 101, Wilkin- son, 69. In the case oE Councillor Brough, he was not appointed on a committee until May 7th, 1901. There were 15 Council meetings and 12 meetings of the General Purposes Committee.

HOW IS IT TAIT " CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE has obtained such great popularity" is a question which has perplexei many. The answer is. that it is unquestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill has brought to light. Thousands Of wonderful cures have bf en effeoted by It. For Scrofula. Scurvy, Eczema, Skin. and Blood niseases. Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the eft acts are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s 94 per bottle aware of worthless imitations and substitntes.—Advt. 2. FLOSILINx r--VoR TAE TEETH AND BREATH. - Thoronehy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevants tartar, stops decay. and gives to the teeth a peculiar parley whiteness end a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price I;,61. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilins Powder. of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Adtt VALUABLE DB Z,'OVERY FOR TRX SiAll2,—li your hair is tnrning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we las promoting the growth. Price ;38 per bottle.— Ad st. To MOTAER9.—Mrs. Wino low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the r oorsuffcrer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural (inlet sleep, my relieving the child from pain land the little cherub awakes t. as bright as a button." Of all ChAmista la lid oar bottle. Advt. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upWards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, or all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company Lincoln.— Advt.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
7-0 a.m. 1045 „

}ll-30 ~

.111-45 } 12-0

12.15 p.m.

2-15 , 13-15 ~

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 a.m.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
8-30 ~ 9-15.. 'l4

THE MUNICIPAL TRADING

AGITAI lON.

Correspondence between Alderman Monks and Mr, Norbury Williams.

An Inquiry by the Latter Suggested.

November Bth, 1901.

The Editor of the "Examiner."

Sir,—l wrote Mr Norbury Williams last week, taking exception to his remarks at the two meet- ings recently held on the question of " Municipal Trading.' Mr Williams carefully evades my main point, but fills five sheets of paper with questions which, as he wrote them, he would know 1 could not answer. _ _

_ Under the circumstances it will only be a waste ef ;line to continue the correspondence further and so far as I am concerned it is closed. _

Unfortunately I am not at liberty to send Mr Williams' letter, since his telegram this morning reads:—"Correspondence not closed yet.l am reply- ing to you." However, my letters will be understood, and I shall feel obliged by your publishing them in to- morrow's issue. I have no uesire to add anything by way of comment. Yours truly F W MONKS,

Warrington, November 1, 1901. S. Norbury Williams, Esq., Manchester. Dear Sir,-1 venture to write you respecting the agitatina that is being carried on here against members of the Council trading with the Corpora- tion. While agreeing cordially with the underlying principle involved, and the efforts that are being made to improve the status of municipal work, 1 do most strongly object to the methods and lines that have so far been adopted by the leaders of the movement. . .

From the commencement nothing but vague charges have been made, reflecting upon every member of the Council, until they culminated lin your very unfair and. I would add on behalf of those most immediately concerned, very unjust comparison with Manchester. Having been a member of the Council for 11 years,l nave a close and intimate knowledge ot what has been going on, and I not only assert that most of the stacements made, as to illegal trading are entirely without any foundation, but that the work of the Council has been carried on in a way that would secure your commendation rather than censure, if you were fully informed as to the facts. While listening to your speech on Wednesday last 'at the Parr Hall, I felt that you had an imperfect knowledge of fbe circumstances, or you would have spoken very differently. One version is often good until the other is told Even the prisoner at the bar is allowed to make a defence before the judge passes sentence. But so far as I know the leaders of this movement have never yet attempted to hear what independent members of the Council have to say on the other side. You yourself came to a public meeting prompted only by Messrs Dodds, Fleming and Pemberton, who naturally enough state their case , to their own advantage..

I ask you is it fair, is it honourable, for any out- sider, no matter what his experience may have been in other towns.under other Conditions to come here and make statements that reflect upon the character and integrity of the whole of the members of the council without making independent enquir- ies to ascertain bow far the statements are true? The movement here is generally understood to have arisen out of personal quarrels, and certainly has all the appearance of such, notwithstanding the denials made. One naturally hesitates to intervene or allow oneself to be mixed up with a disagreeable matter of this sort, and there has not yet been an opportunity of doing anything without incurring such a risk, or I would have taken some step before now. I know other members of the Council who bare refrained from the same reason. I feel sure there is a large proportion of the members who agree with me, and would heartily welcome any fair and reasonable inquiry, say by yourself, to enable a full statement to be made public; one that would satisfy every ratepayer in the town. I have ventured to wrie you in the hope that you may be able to clear the question of the per- sonalties that have so far prevented the general public from getting at such information as would enable them to form a correct opinion as to the charges made.—Yours truly, F. W. MONKS.

Warrington, November 7th, 1901. S. Norbury Williams, Esq., Manchester. Sir,—Your letter of the sth asks a lot of ques- itons to which I am unable to reply, not having the necessary information nor any means of obtain- ing it. Had you agreed to my suggested enquiry you would have been able to satisfy yourself not only in regard to these particular items but also upon the larger question as to whet ground or reason there is for the y resent agitation. I have nothing to denounce, because I maintain the facts as put forward by you, and your friends, are not a true statement of the case. You evi- dently did not vr6h the public to ges at the truth, feeling possibly the agitation would collapse with- out obtaining the result des;gned by its leaders. On the general question of municipal trading I think I have as high an ideal as amyone and would not hesitate to publicly denounce anything that was illegal or improper, but I am quite unable to follow to the length you seem willing to go as regards trading with limited companies. For instance because Mr Hall is my uncle, and a co- director of Monks, Hall end Co.,Limited, and at the same time a director of J Buckley and Co., Limited,l (of which by the way I was not previously aware) then I must retire from the Council,or the firm of J Buckley and Co.. Limited be debarred from any further trading with the Council. This to me is the height of absurdity. If such a standard is to be adopted then it will almost make municipal govern in ent impossible. The law permits a corporation to enter into con- tracts or trade with all limited companies, notwith- standing that a director, manager or share Colder may be a member of the corporation. I see nothing improper in this. The system may be open to abuse, but what is there on this earth that. is not ? Ihe remedy in my opinion, is not an alteration of the law, but in the opening of the eyes of the public to the possibility of its abuse and the crea- tion and maintenance of such a high moral tone and standard of purity as will prevent any man

endeavouring to use his privileges as a member of the Council to the advantage of himself or his firm. iny movement for attaining these objects will have my cordial and active support. In conclusion, I would only say so far as War- rington is concerned, the council has been singularly free of any attempt at regular or persistent trading on the part of the members, such as has been dis- closed in other towns, and if any illegal trading has taken place at all, it has been so occasional and trivial as to pass unnoticed and without remark. Now that the matter is closed I propose sending my letters to the press for publication and shall be glad if you will telegraph in the morning before 12.0 if I may include yours. Yours truly,,___

F. W:kONKS.

P S.—My father authorizes me to say Mr has not given you a correct version of what passed between them in regard to the position of the Mayor.

....-....r.---...

1.0 G.T. No. 1 Convention S. W. Lancashire. The quarterly session of the above was held on Saturday in the Co-operative Hall, Leigh. The session was presided over by Bro. G Clarke C Conn. (Earlestown). There was a very: good attend- ance of representatives from Warrington, Earles- town. Widnes, Ashton-in-Makerfield, Leigh, Wigan, St. Helens and other parts of the Convention Area After the opening ceremony, Sister Mrs Firth, V D of Barrow, and Bro E Newman, D,S.J.T. were re- ceived with the usual honours. The C. Secretary Bro Smith, (Ashton) reported the lodges to be doing good work, throughout the convention area, and a new lodge was to be opened in Leigh and one to be re-opened at Ashton. The C.S.JT., Sister Mrs Woods, (Ekileetown), reported on the Juvenile Templars saying that the temples were holding their owu but could not give a full report as all the temples had not sent returns, Bro Turner CB S re- ported on the Brewster Sessions and regretted that magistrates seem to lean to granting licences for the sale of drink to so many football players and hoped this would have the consideration of the meeting. The reports were adopted after some discussion Bro Clarke reported on his visit to War- rington, and hoped to see the lodges in that town once more to the front in Good Templar work. The report was supported by Bro. Sheath (Warrington), who said he hoped in the near future to see the lodge and temple again up and doing, The report was adopted. After the vote of thanks to the Leigh members a very pleasant session was brought to a close, after which the members sat d own to a good tea, A very good meeting followed. The chair was taken by Bro Clarke, D.E.S. Songs and recitations were given by members and friends,and an address was given by Bro Parr.

COMMERCIAL FAlLlTRES.—According to 66 Kemp's Mer- cantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Pro- ceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending Nov. 9th. was 74. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 93. showing a de- crease of 19, being a net decrease in 1901, to date, of 183.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1901.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN:

Why suffer- from pains and misery caused by Bervousnesl Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly eu, without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aui 9ear mteed g enui I cannot find words to express ow ,non.. a, am. I used to think I never woold get cure! I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shoLid have saved many pounds —G.F af." I nave earn iid out your instructions, and am now per fectly Bonk sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93 , Great Russell Street. London, w.C'. Sendat once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succeed

===== 0002601_19011115_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FItIiNuH:BIIIIRDy.

TII ER A PION. This suvessful and highly popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpean, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood. spots, blot-hes, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges. piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tin., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, Hotnitc-NuAcE, LoxcoY, w.c

===== 0002601_19011115_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
REDUCTION IN PRIDES

FOR Br ANDESCHNT BURN BRS. (.1 Ard DBSCRNT MANTLBS.

INGANDESCRN CHIMNEYS. INCANDESCENT GLOBES. ALL KINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. OF DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED

AD MS 80 ST. JANIES PLACE. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERN'S BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS.

AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT.

J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

DR. J. COLLIS BROW NE OHLORODYNE.

THE ORIGINAL- ANDONLY 'GENUINE. LORODYNE is admitted by the Professi on to o be the moot wonderful .and valuable remedy ever die covered.

cHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for ./ Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrheas and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CLILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. 011LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer. Toothache, Meningitis,

From Dr. B. a. BOULTON AND CO., Horneastle.

We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upnia It as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whstever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to Dosses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects.

" Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's donsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOE°. DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist Deceaber. 1864.

-6---AUTIoN.—BEWARE OF PTIEACY AND IMITA- .TIor.a.._ _ _

_ CAIITIoN.—ViCie-ObAlacenor lir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was. anioutnedly, the inventor cf "GGLORODINR " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to say had been sworn to—See 'Zinser, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. Ig., Es. 9d... and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the wor,3s OR. J COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Govmnment Stamp. Overwhelm, bog Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

HENDRY'S " ROTHESAY 15 AND 16, LOCH PROMENADE. DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, PRIVATE HOTEL AND BOARDING-HOUSE. Six o'clock Dinner. Terms from bs. per day (inclusive).

• , PI: ,r- •-• . 0 , 7;3.; -.7.•,,., kV* k , ~1

===== 0002601_19011115_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
R. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

"TENDING VISITORS TO BRIGHTON WILL DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT W EBSTE R'S PIFR CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to suit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS.

Schools, Parties, isiToriee.:(l—sr-g—e -171;m" all) specially

catered for. Write at once for Terms.

ENDAL, DIILNE. & CO., MANCIIESTER

Telegrams, " Kenmil." Telephone, 1,745.

BUSINESS HOURS. 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2)

LETTER I HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS J ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS

-WILL Bli ATTENDISD TO AT Sa, ST. JOHE-STREET, DEANSGATE.

KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE

MANUFACTURER. ALLEN-STRERT. WARRINGTON.

SLII:GHTER YARD. LONGFORD.

TELEGRAMS s —TOOLE, WARRINGTON.

TELEPIIONE No. 222.

fYRES I TYRES ! 1 TYRES! ! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPINCIr OUTER COVERS FOR

D'UNLOY RIMS. Cheapest simplest and best cover in tbe trade ; lie 6d each. (Ad outer covers re-rnbbered with best rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations bo the trade. Beat price given for waste rubber.

POLLARD & CO., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS. 28. BIitURSWICK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES,I:&c.,: &c., GO TO ILLIAII TODD,

16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD STREET). LIVERPOOI

HARR3P BRO :. AND COMPANY FEWTENERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS.

PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND SEATING. BUIDGE-STREET MAL.CRESTER. Lists Free.

elep hone --285-77

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY, 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY

BELLS AND TII'LEPHONES.

ESTIM ATES GIVEN.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURRES OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow rite) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 2.15. WA.LEEFROOF HOLD-ALL

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET.

12, LORD-STRELT, LIVERPOOL.

TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 105. OD, AND 215 15s. 0n

===== 0002601_19011115_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS

lirreaiNGs L mITED, 74 BOLD STRERT LIVERPOOL.

CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE I3Y POST.

WHICH: IS THE :BEST; CYCLE? WHY

THE RALEIGH OF COURSE

W. H pp • 1.) ELLIAN,

MAKER OF THB ROYAL CAMBRIAN, 115 SANKBY-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
t .i. .. , 1 i. -, ~.... ,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIES. Is A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD. CLEANSES the system from all Impurities. CIIRES PIMPLES ON THE FACE.

CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES. TESTIMONIAL. Messrs. BOOTS.--It gives me much pleasure to send youa testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered from a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had teen In the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give It a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy, that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do.

(Signed) G. P. SOLOMON. PRICES is. AND is. 9J. PER BOTTLE.

SULPHUR TABLETS

===== 0002601_19011115_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAIN ALL THE 'VIRTUES OF THAT

OLD FASHIONED REMEDY. PRICES 6D. AND lln. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually sold.

COMPOUND

SARSA PARILLA PACKETS,

Composed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacum Wood, Mezereon Root, Licorice, tc. an PER PACKET. Makes one qu rt. Full directions enclosed.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS VARNISH STAINS.

Give a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, &e. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one oparation. Usual 6(.1 size for 4d., 1e size for 31. 2s 63 size for ls 51 per bottle.

FURNITURE CREAM.

Gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and French-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks.

6d bottle for 4d., is. bottle for 7d.

BRUSSWICK BLACIi.

Will make-Ironwork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine of patent leather boots does to a well dressed woman. 6d. size for 4d.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
JSIORGAN'S GOLD PAINT.

Aa used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decora tors. Has the original brightness of Gold, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, is. bottle for Md.

UNRIVALLED AIETAL POLISH.

BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR MBTAL POLISH will clean every kind of Metal, Brass, Steel or Iron, and Is invaluable in household use. Trial size, usual 2i. for Id. is. tins for 4d.

WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA.

Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver, crockery,;mirrors,windows„cut glass, but especially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, Sm., from wash-boards and floors. his also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. is. bottle for 10d., small trial size 6d.

HAT VARNISHES. Before the great picture exhibitions in London open, comes a day which artists call varnishing day. The nimble fingers of our girl workers have also their varnishing day. when they varnish last season's hat to do another turn—Boots Hat Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted colours are the best for this purpose. Price 41d per bottle.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST.

35, BRIDGE-STREETWARRINGTOSI, 5, BRIDGE-STREET

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE:COMPLAIN 1.3 AS SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow 1, Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtains d for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchaser should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared, by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the nole Wholesale Agents." W. EDWARDS & Soft 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul s. London, are 'engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold In Boxes at 25.9 d. each by most ChsrnistS.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND

CO., LTD. BASNETr STREET, LIVERPOOL. PARIS MODELS IN MILLINERY AT MODERATE PRIORS,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY,

THE NEW AND EFFECTIVE FELT FRIEZE ZIBELINE HATS, IN THE LATERT AD MOST STYLISH FOP.M9 S3IART FEATHER TOQUES IN A GREAT VARIETY OF STYLES AT VERY MODERATE PRICES,

NEW COSTUMES COATS AND SKIRTS, WALKING DRIISSES. THU LATEST NOVELTIES IN

LADIES MANTLES,

YOUNG LADIES JACKETS. EVENING CLOAKS, TRAVELLING CLOAKS. Ac. RICE TUES.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

SHE "Why do they call a battleship she' ?'• He :_" Because there are so many arms about

her." PASSENGER "This train is very slow, guard." Guard: "Yes, sir; it's them sleeping carriages behind."

BELLE: "Would you allow a man to kiss you ? " Maude: "Urn—well, I think it is our duty to—er— make allowance for the weakness of mankind, you

know."

....,, ... PPOFESSOR (to his wife): "I never know how to take you, Amelia. Two years ago you were dy- ing for that hat, and now I've bought it you dont'

liZ) it at all!

DOCTOR: "Troubled with insomnia, eh? Eat something before going to bed." Husband : "Why, doctor, you Once told her never to eat anything before going to bed.', Doctor (with dignity) : "That, my dear sir, was in 1895. Science has made great strides since then." "Are you sure that I am the only man you ever really and truly loved ? " She: "Perfectly sure. I went over the whole list only yester- day." A PLEASANT SErRERISE.—My dear," said young Mr. Marage," what is this dessert, anyway ? " "It's called surprise pudding," replied the dear young thing. "I tried to make bread, but it wouldn't rise, so I just made a nice wine sauce for it and made it do for dessert."

"Now that I have promised to be yours for ever and ever," she said, as she looked up into his eyes, "tell me, Harold, if I am the only girl you ever loved." "Ah, my darling," he replied, "can you not content yourself with the assuranee that you are the only girl who ever loved me ?" "Come here, Johnny! I'm going to give you a piece of—" "Oh, mamma, is it apple pie or custard?" "How dare you interrupt me, Johnny! Come here; I'm going to give you a piece of advice." MAMMA: "Well, Johnny, I shall forgive you this time, and it's very pretty of you to write a letter and say your's sorry." Johnny: "Yes, ma; don't tear it up, please.' Mamma: Why not? Johnny: "Because it will do next time." MAGISTRATE: "You are charged with running over an old lady while scorching. What have you to say in regard to this awful accident?" Defen- dant: "Awful accident? Why, a little thing like that doesn't hurt a good bicycle like mine is!" WiFx : "I'm going to run across the street just a minute to bid Mrs. Jones good-bye." Husband: "Well, you'll have to hurry; the train leaves in three hours." . . .

CHATTERTON : "I've decided to go into business, Miss Weatherbee." Miss Weatherbee : " I'm very glad to hear it, Mr. Chatterton." " Yaas, I've made up my mind to become a farmer. Think how jolly it must be to go out of a mawnina and see the butterflies making butter, and the grasshoppers making grass—and—all that milt of thing, you know. HER CHARM. —He : " She seems to have a lovely disposition." She: "Why do you think so?" He: "I never see her that she isn't smiling." She: Well ?" He: "'Well, doesn't that show a good dis- position?" She: "No. Good teeth." His Loss.—" At the Jaeksons' last evening I up- set a glass of champagne over Tom Binks' dress suit." "Ruined it, I suppose ? " "Why, of course. Dress suits don't help champagne a little bit." PROFESSOR : "Too bad! One of my pupils, to whom I have given two courses of instruction in the cultivation of the memory has forgotten to pay me; and the worst of it is, I can't remember his name!"

--- • "THE indications are," remarked the man who was looking at the sky with an expression of great wisdom, "that it will be cold and raw." The man who has trouble with the servant problem meekly inquired: "Which are you talking about, the weather or dimier ?" His QUESTION. Young Fiddleback : "Miss Gadway, there is a little question I have long been wanting to ask you, but every time the words have risen to my lips there has been some interruption. Do you"— Miss Gadway : "Do not hesitate, Mr. Fiddleback—Clarence." Young Fiddlebakc : "I was going to ask you, do you think a pug dog has any brains ? " A VALUABLE MAN.—Strawber "That was a pretty good trick that we played on a gas com- pany in the North. A fellow there disconnected his meter, put a rubber tube round it, and for months they didn't discover that he had been robbing them." Singerly "What did they do with him them ?," Strawber : "They made him one of the directors of the company." TEACHER "If any pupil can answer, let her raise her hand. Well, Mary, you may tell." "Please, ma'am, I don't know." Then why did you raise you hand?" "I couldn't help it, ma am. Uncle John gave me this bangle last night." "It is an awful thing to be married to• a funny man," said she, sobbingly. She had told him to get her some kid curlers while he was in town, and he had sent her home a pound of sour apples. • YOUNG LADY t "Gardener, don't make a flower. bed there It will spoil our croquet ground." Gardener: "Can't help it, miss. Them's my orders. Your father says he, is bound to have this garden devoted to horticulture, not hus- bandry." AN APPROPRIATE COSTUME. -" I am going to a masquerade ball this evening, and I want an appropriate dress," he said to the costumier. "What is your business?" "Oh, I am a milk- man." "Au ! Then you'd better put on a pair of pumps and go disguised as a waterfall." DELAYED Too LONG.—" I think I'll get my wife a cookery book," said the young man. How long have you been married?" asked the expe- rienced one. "Six months." "Too late. You ought to have bought it the first week. She will take it now as an indication that you no longer

love her." Kum LUCK.—Mean Man: "I'll never lend Thompson money again:" . Other Man: "Why not? don't mean to say he hasn't paid you ? ' Mean man: "Paid me! Why, he paid me two days after he borrowed the money. Didn't even give me a cbonce to say to my friends that I'd be lucky if I ever got it back ! ' A. CAREFUL WomAN.—" Speaking of women with saving dispositions," said Dixmyth, "my wife's in a class all by herself." "How so ? " queried his friend Hojax. "Last week I bought an upright piano," replied Dixmyth, "and my wife made a beautiful green plush cover for it, so the polish wouldn't get scratched. Yesterday she made another cover of linen to go over the plush to prevent that from getting soiled. Next week I suppose she'll make a calico cover to protect the linen. Oh, I tell you women have great, big, fertile minds." "DARLING," said the young man, is he tenderly raised the lovely head from the place where it had rested an hour or more, got up, sat down again on the other side of the beautiful maiden, and once more drew the golden curls to his bosom, "you have no objection to this slight change of position, have you ? " "No, Alfred," she murmured softly, "your heart is on this side." "Yes, my angel," responded the young man, his voice trembling with deep feeling, and my vest will now get worn alike on both sides." "WE'LL have to give up the idea of puttin pictures in the parlour, Jane," remarked Old John Turnipseed, as he threw the bridle under the table. " Why ?" asked his. wife. "Too dear! Why, I priced one in town to-day, and the dealer sez, sez he; That's an old master; its price is £600.' " ' Why,' sez I, it looks like a secondhand pictur.' " Yes, it is,' sez he. "Then, thinks I, if a second hand pictur costs that much, it's no use to price a new tin. So, Jane, I reckon we'll have to hang up a few mottoes, and the like, and let the pietur s go." MODEST REQUEST.—There are some disadvan- tages which attach themselves to persons who have become famous. These, however, often have their ludicrous side. It is said that at one tune Henry Clay, the American statesman, was travelling in the West, and stopped overnight in a little log cabin inhabited by an old man and his wife. After breakfast the next morning, his old host, who had been in a flutter of excitement ever since he learned who his distinguished guest was, said he would like to make one slight request before the visitor de- parted. "Couldn't ye," he said, with evident anxiety—" couldn't ye jest make my wife an' me a little speech before leavin' us?"

SPECIAL VISIT TO CREWE.—Mr. Thomas Ison, Oen (of Lion's Eye and Ear Dispensary, Leed 1871, will visit the Royal Hotel, Crewe, eaantdatuusrbiesdt Wednesday, November 20ih, hours 11 to 1, and may be consulted on all eases of failing sight and bearing. New treatment without operation. Sufferers should avail themselves of the present opportunity of consults Um* Spectacles adapted for weak or defective sight. Those unable to avail themselves of a personal consulta- tion, should write to Leeds for printed foirn of questions forwarded free. Letters to be addressed to 71, GREAT I GEORGE-STREET, Leeds.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

of inviting the Corporation to attend " Divine Service with him on Mayor's Sunday both at the Parish Church and at Wycliffe Congregational Church." As the Minister of ths latter place of Worship, it is perhaps fitting that I should point out that what Mr Alderman Wright really did in the matter of the Corporation visit to Wycliffe was not on Mayor's Sunday, but on the occasion of the re-opening of the Church after renovation. The pro- cedure of the double attendance at Worship on Mayor's Sunday was adopted by the late Mayor, Mr Alderman Roberts, who having invited the Council Ito attend his own Church at the morning service, I invited them also to attend with him at the Parish Church in the evening. Mr. Roberts thus manifested the fact that although, as a Nonconformist, he gave honour to his own Church on the Mayor's Sunday, he desired to show respect also to the Church to which so large a number of the Council were attached. Thus Mr. Alderman Roberts showed his agreement with the late Alderman Wright, who himself declared that he wished to be looked upoa as Mayor of Warrington, and not Mayor of any political party ortreligious sect.l may perhaps be allowed to speak with sincere appreciation of this broad and Catholic spirit, and oo express regret that our new Mayor has elected to inaugurate his mayoralty upon narrower and more sectarian lines. His decision, however, occasioned me no surprise, but none the less I very sincerely deplore it.—Yours faith- fully,

JOHN YONGE,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE.

Many people after enjoying the good things of life are subject to much after suffering from the inability of the stomach to perform its duties. A timely use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters would strengthen the digestive organs and serve to remedy the evil. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is the Best Remedy of the age for Indi- gestion, Weakness, Nervousness, Loss ot Appetite, Flatulence, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness, and Chest Affec- tions. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and contains neither iron nor mercury, nor any injurious mineral substances, which accumulate in the system when taken in medicine. and cause future pain and trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a Natural Remedy, containing a most happy combination of Quinine with the active principles of the best known and most valuable plants, which have not hitherto been successfully dispensed. Now Indigestion assumes so many forms that there is senrcely a complaint which it may not resemble in one way or another. It has not been inaptly termed " Our National Disease." There is no disease more prevalent or more difficult to cure. It is a disease of the stomach, and assumes a variety of different forms in parts of the body far removed from the stomach. The only trustworthy and permanent remedy is Gwilym Evans' Qainine Bitters, which, acting upon the digestive organs, strengthens them and stimu- lates them to healthy action, and gives tone to the whole stomach, imparting new life, hope, strength, and happiness. ERv ors DISORDERS.

Nervous disorders are generally traceable to defective digestion. Most nervous people are dyspeptic also. The stomach does not digest the food ; the necessary supply of vital particles which the blood should receiv&. from properly digested food fails, and the result is falt almost immediately upon the most sensitive portions of the human organism—the nerves. Impure blood irritates the nerves and causes nervous weakness. This renders the nervous system very liable to be affected by unhealthy influences. In nine cases out:of ten, if the imperfect digestion be remedied, the nervousness and weakness will disappear. The only certain remedy is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, or will be s-nt, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct, by the Sole Propriet ors :—Th.s Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imita- tions. The name " Gwilynovans"E must be found on the label, on the scamp, and on the bottle, to ensure its being genuine. Be sure you get the right article when you ask for it. Do not be put off with substitutes. No thee preparation is "Just as good "or " The same biog."

===== 0002601_19011115_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
letteo to the ebttor.

Runcorn School Board Affairs. tSir,—The highly contentious character of the election b'udget which the Chairman of the School Board sprung on the last meeting and the strangling of its discussion s my excuse for now submitting the progressive side of the question. To deal with expenditure alone excites the suspicion that the acconnts have been ransacked in desperation ter some data to support the cry of " Down with the rates." The one is as misleading as the other was insincere. Reduced expenditure may mean sacrifice of income, and its ex porte use has no place in business finance. The true test of efficiency and economy is what must the ratepayer find to make up the difference between income and expenditure. The actual figures from the audited accounts after regulating bank balances and everything calculated to confuse, show : Progressive for three years, average £1,807 153 6d per annum, 7.1c1 in the £. Clerical for three years £1,941 5s 93 per annum, 811. in the £, (taking Mr Imison's basis of id yielding £234 103 id.) The Clerical Board have taken £1,200 more from the rates than their Progressive predecessors. £4OO 103 6d , of this has gone in actual increased expenditure, and I the rest is suck ill a re-arzangement of balances more profitable to Pores Banking Company than advan- tageous to the ratepayers. Could the collapse of the "Down with the Rates" party be more disastrous ? The Chairman's claim for the credit of establishing the Pupil Teachers' Centre must be disallowed. The fact Is that this magnificent project was blocked for 12 years because hid party refused to pay their share of the cmt. I call special attention to the fact that at no time has the School Board expenditure touched the 91 of which the Chairman's party has made such unfair capital. This attempt to exaggerate the cost of the School Board education is only bolstered upby appeals to the " back cf the poor rate" and other misleading and irrelevant data. Faithfully ycurs, Lyndburst,

FRED JOHN NORMAN. Runcorn, November 11, 1901.

--- Sir.—The proceedings at the Runcorn School Board last Thursday may not have been very edifying but they were distinctly instructive. The Vicar's usual strategy deserted him and he appeared as he IS. To use a homely phrase he let the cat oat of the nag. We now know where and what he is on the School Board. He Is not May chairman but, according to his own des- cription. he is there as Vicar of the parish and from beneath his canonical garments he has allowed the cloven hoof of the sectarian to appear where there should be neither sect nor party. Plain Alfred Maitland Wood will no longer describe him in School Board affairs. By his own admission he sits on the Board and controls its affairs as Vicar of Runcorn, Canon of Chester Cathedral, Chairman of the Pariah School Managers. and member of the Arch- bishops and the Diocesan Education Committees. What does this mean ? That he is the avowed enemy of the Board Schools of which the ratepayers have foolishly ' given him the overseership. As a priest of the high " church school, the Church and her organis- ations have first place in bis affections. And to forward what he considers her interests he would use the"strategy of truth" or any similar weapon that would serve his ends. Why has not the Conserva- tive party in Runcorn a local habitation in addition to a name. Ask any member of the inner circle of the party why the promising scheme for,building a club in Greenway-road fell through and the answer will aston- ish. The phrase "strategy of truth" is the very essence of the practice of the Jesuits. Mr Norman was very gentle with the canonical sophist or he would have boldly declared that the phrase "strategy of truth" was introduced into Runcorn by the rev gentleman himself. It was after tbe last School Board election. The Church party had gathered in the Parish Schools to shake hands with each other on their glorious victory. Pride of conquest had made the Vicar reck- less and he announced to an audience bubbling over with glee, that the fight had been won by confounding the people with the" strategy of truth." If a general sets a nurc her of dummy soldiers on a hill to give the enemy the impression that be is holding it in strength and then takes his real army a circuitous way to strike his foes in the rear, that is strategy. Strategy is a trick, deceit, imposition, and Mr Norman's charge is that the Church party, led by the Canon, used facts in such a way as to deceive the ratepayers and cause them to receive wrong impressions. To those who can read between the lines and who can strip the discussion of its verbiage to reach the real essence, Mr Norman proved his point. What did the ratepayers understand by "Down with the rates." That the vicar and his followers if put in office would reduce the amount of the rate demanded from them. Did the vicar and Co. mean this? They knew as every educstionist must know that they could not reduce the rates without at the same time reducing the equipment of the Board Schools and the efficiency of the teaching staff, and this was more than hey dare attempt to do. The spirit was willing hut he flesh was weak. Now when they have to ag amn ppear before the tribunal of the ratepayers with an in- reased rate, they have to plrad "guilty" to n ot carrying cut their promise, and ask their judges to believe, in extenuation,that they have done more work for the money. Will the ratepayers accept such an ntyc opsehhelei sh eodf itnh tehve .0 En txaarmy sncehr o airne sllpluenn: eicuse backed by not a tittle of evidence? stthr aa ntegayn eotfhterruitth t hla ft the there daiys coTrnh,erebceanlat onedi d etvhiidneennmesoreofeertthaein" schools reduce the cost of &maintaining the Sunday 1 ,chools by 75 per cent. ; although this is net shown on the face of the balance sheets. A sea captain rendered his account of expenses after along voyage, There was a large item for the hire of buggies while he was at an Indian port, and the owner objected. If the captain wanted to ride about, said the owner, he must pay for the luxury hirnsslf. Another voyase; again the captain rendered his expenses. " Ab," said the owner, "now this is a proper account ;.there are no buggies there." " No," retorted the captain, "You may not see them, but they are there all the same." So with these school accounts. Like many things in nature, these balance sheets are not all they seem. The church candidates have had the hardihood to ap- propriate to themselves the title of " ratepayers candi- dates." What is their aim ? England is the land of compromise in education, and thoroughness and effi- ciency are sacrificed to the clamour of the clerics for the teaching of dogma in the schools. The mental and physical needs of the children are neglected in the struggle of the parson and the priest to retain control of the " voluntary " schools, kept alive by compulsory imperial taxes and to cripple the Board Schools—the chools of the ratepayers. " Ratepayers candidates," orsooth II " Selfish Sectariams" would be ai better description of the Vicar and his. colleagues, for he who runs may read that the motto Is "Church Schools first. and the rest nowhere."—Yours etc., IMPERIALIST.

Mayor's Sunday. Sir,—Will you permit me to correct an error into which you have inadvertently fallen in your paragraph last Saturday on this matter. You there quote the late Mr iltiderman Wright as having adopted the procedure

===== 0002601_19011115_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 15, 1901

LATEST NEWS.

The Recent Gate.

Terrible Destruction of Shipping.

The great gale of Tuesday and Wednesday has re- sulted in 37 vessels being wrecked with a total loss of life which is appalling. The number may yet be in- creased as telegrams are still :coming in.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Lifeboat Capsized at Yarmouth.

Nine Men Drowned.

A Yarmouth correspondent, telegraphing yesterday says:—The life boat Beachamp was struk by a sea while returning to Caistor this morning. She turned over,and the crew were imprisoned beneath, but parties of men from the shore plunged into the water up to their necks and rescued three men named Walter Hubbard, Charles Knights, and Jack Hubbard in an unconscious condi- tion. The bodies of eight men have been washed ashore. The total number drowned is nine. Nearly all the drowned leave large families. The rescued men, who have been cmveyed to their homes, are all expected to recover from the effect sof their immersion. The Bea- champ was proceeding to the rescue of a Lowestoft smack, w hich went on the Barber sand, but which got off safely.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A Famous Jockey Injured,

Serious Accident to Sam Loates.

Whilst riding at Northampton races yesterday after- noon Sam Loates, the well known and popular jockey, met with a seriou s accident, breaking his thigh and several ribs, besides a bad scalp wound. He was at once removed to the Northampton Infirmary, and the doctors describe his condition as very serious.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
A HUDDERSFIELD LADY

COMPLETELY CURED OF CHRONIC INDIGESTION AND ANAEMIA, BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. INDIGESTION AND ANAEMIA CORRECTLY EXPLAINED.

Indigestion is the result of a weak stomach. The symptoms are,pain and fulness after eating, witb a sore and tender feeling at the pit of the stomach and fre- quently pain under the heart, caused by wind on the stomach, consequent upon the food not being properly digested ' • it sours and ferments. This condition toget- her with other causes, produces ancnia. When your food is properly digested, it assimilates and nourishes the body, makes blood, and gives health, and vitality. If it does not digest properly you become pale, thin, weak, languid, and unfit for work ; suffering from headaches, poor appetite and sleeplessness. Veno's L Seaweed Tonic strengthens the stomach and cures iudigestion. It enables you to eat and digest your food hence you get strong. It produces natural refreshing sleep, clear the head and brain and invigorates the whole system.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL CURE. AFTER DOCTORS FAILED.

Miss M. F. Haigh, Houses Hill, Kirkeaton, near Huddersfield, writes: January 17th, to Mr. Veno.—l suffered terribly from indigestion for over five years. I had it so bad that it caused me sometimes to have colic and neuralgia at the stomach. I have always been under the doctors, and had to give up my employment. Sometimes I felt alright when taking the doctor's medicine, but as soon as I stopped taking it I would be as bad again. I never had above a week or two of pleasurd until a friend told me of your Seaweed Tonic. I was so bad then that I could scarcely put one foot be- fore the other. On September 10th I got a small bottle of your Seaweed Tonic, and I felt it had done me good. I then began to get large bottles. I have taken four altogether. I have had no need to take any since De- cember 21st, for which lam very glad. I think I never felt better in my life ; thanks to your Seaweed Tonic. I cannot praise it enough. I told a friend of mine about it, and it is doing her good. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC quickly and permanently cures all ailments arising from a diseased condition of the stomach, liver, kidneys, and blood. It is a veritable life invigorator, has marvellous tonic and strengthening power, and is the natural cure for constipation. You will fPel better after the first dose. Price 19 111 and 2s 91. Caution r—When you aek for Veno's Seaweed Tonic or Veno's Lightning Cough Cure, see the,: you get it. Many dealers are in the habit of trying to coax you to take a cheap mixture of their owe. You will do well to avoid their shop. Go where you can get what you ask for. See that the name " Veno " is blown in every bottle. Sold by Boots Ltd., Warrington ; Peake, Earlestown ; and Newton ; Weston and Co., Runcorn; Wallbridge, elaPinist ; J W Jackson, chemists and druggists, St Helens, and all chemists and medicine vendors every' where.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT],

In a little Over a week the electorate will have to decide whether or not the Sclwo' Board is to be governed for the next three years by the clerical party. Already there is every indication that the struggle will be keen and bitter. During the past fortnight there has been at work for both parties quite an army of canvassers, who, armed with mural literature, have solicited from door to door , the support of the elector. Both sides have not confined themselves to mere canvassing. The Cleri- cal party have issued since last Saturday nigh on a dozen different handbills which contain some very pertinent queries: On the other hand the Progres- sives have billed the town with their watch cry pretty extensively. Public meetings have been held by both parties,which have been exceptionally well -attended. On Friday the Progressives had a capital] meeting in Brunswick Schoolroom,but on Tuesday the Voluntaryist party had a meeting quite enthusiastic in its character. For the last week there has been held in each ward a series of viewson the education question on behalf of the Progressites. Mr J M Frith was the lectur- er and the lantern was in charge of Mr J H Pick- thall. Both sides are working with desperate energy and whichever side wins it will be by but a small majority.

, Another correspondent writes Now that winter has arrived once more the ques- tion arises in the minds of a certain class of people as to how they are to spend the winter evenings; To men who after a bard day's work can spend their time in the quiet of their homes or those people who are of a studious turn of mind and en- joy themselves poring over books this is a question aasily answered, but I write about more especially the young man in "diggings." What a magnificent choice he has! There are three places for him to go to, the theatre,readin-• room or bar-parlour and oftener than not it is the last place. The Liberal club is also open to men of Liberal views. Cannot the Council do something for these young men? A body that can spend thousands on a bridge and park ought surely to be able to see its way to spend a hundred or two on a room or rooms wnere young men could congregate and have a smoke and a game of chess, draughts or dominoes, &c. Runcorn during the winter months is enough to drive any young man insane almost.

-- I would like to call the attention of the Free Library Committee to the reading-room. This mat- ter was first pointed out to me by a local gentle- man of high repute and I went down to see for myself. As soon as I got through the door I found out that what he had told me was quite correct. The etench was something awful. The room is degenerating into (especially during the day time) a lounging place for loafers and cornertuen and I am afraid that the majority of them belong to the "great unwashed' and *a bath would do them no harm. I have repeatedly gone in during the day time and found a drunken man asleep and certainly this is not an altogether welcome addition. Can- not arrangements be made for a policeman to visit the room occasionally, and remove superfluous " drunks " and loafers?

===== 0002601_19011115_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LEDGERS CASK BOOKS DELIVERY BOOKS

DAN BOOKS RECHIPT BOOKS JOURNALS.

JOURNALS ORDEN BOOKS STOOK BOOKS.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE TO ORDER.

EXAMINER PRINTING WORK,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
19, VVilson-Patten-Arpet, November 14, 1901.

Corporation Contracts.

Sir,— At the Parr Hall meeting last week something was said abcue my connection with H. Ingram,Limitedai who arc putting electrin fittings in the new Police Court. It is quite true that lam a seareh older in the company,l have £5O invested in it. Now assuming that the company pay 10 per cent. I shall receive £5 by way of dividend in the course of the next few months. Of that £5 probably a few shillings will have been derived from the Police Court contract. My member- ship of the Corporation costs me, roughly, £25 a year. Ileave you- readers to judge whether I can be said to have joined the Council, and to keep my seat from Impure motives. I may add that I have owned the shares only some seven or eight months ; that I had nothing whatever to do with the placing of the contract, which was obtained in open com- petition ; and that not a single member of the Committee who awarded it was aware that I had anything to do with H Ingram, Limited. I know quite well that all this has nothing to do with the rights and wrongs of municipal trading, but it has everything to do with the question of one's motives in sitting in the Council. The loudest tongued advocate of the latest local fad would admit that a man would be a fool to pay £25 to secure five shillings. But I am not writing to defend trading between limited companies whose shareholders are Town Cone- cillors and the Corporation. In my opinion it needs no defence where all is open and above board and contracts are entered into on terms advantageous to the rats:- payers. It is legal, and lam not persuaded that it is not moral,—that depends on the way it is carried out ; train my own personal knowledge I can confidently affiim that not a shadow of a shade of suspicion attaches to the letting of these contracts here. Finally, it is certainly expedient for if it were abolished the area of competition would be restricted and trade would be driven out of the town. S I shall not sell my shares and I shall not resign my seat unless and until my own constituents demand it. Net all the impertinences of Manchester, nor the irrelevances of Warrington, orators will make me budge. The object of this letter is not to discuss my connec- tion with H Ingram, Limited, but to point out to your readers the evidence which the incident at the Parr Hall affords of bad faith on the part of some at least of those who have had a share in the recent and—as I believe— expiring agitation in which these gentlemen have con- trived to impress the imagination at the public with the purity of their motives, whilst vehemently repro- bating the motives of others. In the first place your readers will remember that Mr Pemberton, in' announcing my connection witn Ingrams was careful to add that I was the Mayor's brother (though why I should not be allowed to stand on my own feet I cannot imagine. no" consolidation" having yet taken place in our case), and that the Secretary was the Mayor's brother-in-law. Why these marked refer- ences to the Mayor in a matter with which he never had anythinglto do The Mayor is not,and never has been a shareholder in Ingrams, and I question whether he knew, until the Parr Hall meeting, that I was. Does this look like " purity "for purity's sake, or " purity" as a stick to beat the Mayor with ? But my second point is still more important. The information that I was a shareholder in Ingrams was obtained from me by Mr Councillor Forshaw, and by him supplied to Mr Pemberton for use at the meeting. Mr Forshaw's clerk inspected the register at my office on the morning of the meeting. Now listen to this :—Mr Forshaw has for years, was at the date of the Parr Hall meetiug, and is at this moment the holder of snares of the market value of about £1,300 in Fletcher Russell's, Limited, who in this present year and up to the end of September only have executed contracts with the Corporation of the value of £6lO. While therefore Mr. Forshaw was hold- ing me up to scorn, me, toe holder of 50 £1 shares in Ingram, he was humourously enough, keeping the fact to himself that he was a sinner to 20 times the extent that I was! This is funny, but it 35 not all. It was Mr. Forshaw who got the Council to pass a resolution , not to trade with members of the Council or their part- ners—a singular superfluous affair seeing that that very thing is expressly forbidden by statute. Forther.Mr For- thaw's name was one of the seven given by Mr Norbury Williams as those retiring councillors who had promised not to support " direct or indirect trading with the Council. either by members privately or as shareholders in limited companies." When challenged at the meet- ing to deny this Mr Forshaw, who was present, re- mained silent. Lastly,Mr Forshaw has in various ways given the agitators considerable help. Where is the bo,?a fides in all this ? Have I not established my contention that much, at all events, of the present agitation has an object very different from that which has been its rallying cry ? I have no manner of doubt that had I not been the Mayor's brother— a relationship which I am still proud to own—no mention would have been made of my shares in Ingrams, Limited. A much more effective weapon was at hand, but it was not used. Why ? Lt the public judge.— Yours truly, F R ROBERTS. Warrington, 7th November, 1901.

Sir' —The question of municipal trading cannot I think be treated in an off hand sort ef way. The Chairman of the Parr Hall meeting asked for the "Town Council to refuse to re-elect any Alderman who has been or is now engaged in trading with the Coun- cil." To draw any hard and fast rule as is here advo- cated would I fear exclude from all town councils and public bides some of our best men, of the highest character and business qualifications, who are will- ing to place a large and varied experience at the service of the ratepsyerw. But 013 A is led to ask here is:the course suggested to be strictly confined to muni- cipal trading or does the question which has been raised only touch the fringe of the subject? For a moment let us look at the principle which Mr Dodds has attacked from another point of view. Not very long ago there sere connected with the firm of which Mr Dodds is secretary three well known public men. The late Mr Pearson was the chairman of one of our great railways. When he was Mayor of Liverpool a better occupant never sat in tho civic chair than Alder- man John Pearson. The late Mr Bleckly took a public interest in questionS connected with the Local Govern- ment Board for the County of Lancashire, and the late Mr KnowleS, lal.j'., was a director of the London and North-Western Railway Company. Mr Pearson, as Chairman of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, it goes without saying had great influence, and during his chairmanship we find the Warrioron'firm with which be was identified, executing large contrasts, directly or indirectly, for Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway purpos2s. I state a simple fact and will not enlarge upon it at the present time. Again the late Mr Henry Sleekly who was much interested in the County's administration attended its Meetings and was considered by many an authority in these matters but though serving the public in this way the Warrington firm supplied, directly or indirectly,tons of ironwork in connection with the enlargement of one at least of the county asylums in the Palatine. Now does saenssyone suppose that if these far seeing level-headed in gentlemen had been living, their course of conduct as public men ill relation to what is here given would have changed ? Perhaps it is a big order to say one way or the other, and as the writer is only jost !little less than his clothes and without the insight which I some good people claim, an acknowledgement must be made ol one's inability to speak with any degree of cer- tainty on the point. But I should like to know where :the; wrong or " immorality " Comes in if it cannot be shown or proved that influence and position are used for personal gain, and what the difference is between this kind of trading and trading with a corpor- ation by its aldermen and councillors ? If I may so put it, I have an idea that this matter should be surveyed from a broad standpoint for ills only by so doing that we can aim at being anything like practical. Mr. Dodds is reported to have said "Don't mistake me ; lam not 50 sanguine as to suppose that we shall root out this evil in a day, or a year, or two or three years." Again I would ask is this language to refer only to municipal trading,or must it cover a wider area and apply to other spheres of trading ? Mr. Dodds' reply to these ques- tions will be awaited with interest. As a ratepayer,and one having no " axe to grind " in tl.,e business, I think the electors of Latchfnrd Ward are to be congratulated in again returning to the Town Council Mr. Ellison.— Yours Sec., A.

sth Novernbor. 1901. The DLEN-SPEY DISTILLERY. Situate in the finest Whisky-producing District of Scotland. is the property W./c A. Cillbey. This Wills ky is made entirely from home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in his Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold by W. & A. COlbey's agents in .every town a% 3s. 6d per bottle,

===== 0002601_19011115_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " ()valise

Warrington had their first rest from Northern League football on Saturday when they met St. Helens under the auspices of the South West Lancashire Competi- tion which thus provides that old rivals like Warring- ton, Runcorn, St. Helens and Widnes shall not be debarred from meeting one another though two of them have been promoted to the Senior League. 'Twould indeed be a pity if these matches, so fraught with keen rivalry and determination on the part of con- testants, were to lapse from any cause. South Lan- cashire people are more interested in the doings of South Lancashire clubs than they are in the perform- ances and abilities of even Oldham, Swinton or Brough- ton. For years they have struggled for superiority and lam glad indeed that, under the South West Lanca- shire Competition they can still tilt at one another with something at stake.

The admission of Warrington to the Northern League did not, of itself, guarantee superiority over the clubs left out, and I was, therefore, interested in seeing how they would shape against St. Helens, who are perform- ing only moderately in their own class. I certainly expected Warrington to prove the better side, because they are better now than they have been for a long time, and I was not disappointed, though the losers made a plucky fight of it from start to finish. The gate seemed just about on a par with what it always was when War- rington visited Knowsley-road,aud the conditions gener- ally were just the same as of yore. Even the composi- tion of the teams had changed very little, and the 1 players were mostly known to each other from past experience.

There was half a gale blowing at Knowsley-road, and when Warrington won the toss they were set to face the breeze. Right from the kick-off they made pro- gress, and in the first minute Isherwood scored a smart try after Harris had kicked across from touch. Then it was a case of St. Helens first and Warrington nowhere for some time. Taking advantage of the strong wind the Saints kept Warrington on the defen- sive, and by strong rushing play they gave Isherwood and his men a warm time. Attack after attack was repulsed, but at last the persistence of the home team was rewarded, Hunter scoring a try on his own. Lee converted and placed St. Helens ahead. Warrington made occasional bursts to the other end by good passing runs, but it was almost impossible to do more than defend owing to the wind. St. Helens certainly made the most of it, and succeeded in raising their score to 9 points by the aid of a couple more goals. Just before the interval Isherwood got away, and after a splendid run the length of the field gave Dickenson an easy try which reduced the homesters' lead very much.

Being now only three points in arrears Warrington rather fancied their chances on changing ends. They very soon attacked and went in for the quick passing game which always tells against an inferior club. Harris claimed a try as the result of a smart follow-up but Referee Priestley was against him, and a few minutes later he disallowed an apparently fair try by Ratcliffe. These mishaps made things look serious for Warrington especially as the Saints were playing with dogged determination. Combination eventually pre- vailed and Dickenson cleverly put the finishing touch on a good passing run, Isherwood practically settling the result of the match by placing a goal. Warring- ton were all over the home team after this, though the wind had fallen away to I nothing almost. Duckworth stole over very smartly from a " scrum " and Harris's speed gained him a try after one of the Saints had kicked over his own line. Fast play continued to the end when Warrington had won by 1 goal 5 tries (17 points) ; to 3 goals 1 try (9 points).

In many respects the game was an excellent one. The wind spoiled the play very much in the first half, but the game was always so keenly:contested that inter- est never flagged. Then, too, the Warrington backs were in form, and gave a display which did them infin- ite credit. Isherwood was in excellent form and played, whatll certainly consider,his best game this season,while Dickenson ably supported him in every move. The two centres were very strong either on the attack or defence while Harris and Ratcliffe always made progress when in possession of the ball. At half.back Burgess and Duckworth played an uneven game, occasionally doing something clever, and then muffing the next moment. One was about as good as the other, but they undoubt- ' edly filled the places of Allen and Hockenhall very creditably. If Burgess would only pass when he sees that he cannot possibly get through he would be a more valuable man than he is even now. Hallam and Foulkes were about on a par at full back, while in the forward argument St Helens were a bit the best, especially in fast work.

The St. Helens team is far from being a bad one. Combination and speed are not its best points, but there is plenty of energy all round, and individually the players can give a good account of themselves. Hunter and Lee are a very fair pair of centres, but the wings, Doherty and Fairburn seem to have seen their best days. The latter made a poor show considering the reputation he was reputed to have with Hull Kings- ton Rovers.

The West Lancashire League, table up-to-date is as Follows Pointe.

..... . P. W. L. D. For Apt. Pis. Warrington 2 ... 2 ... 0 ... 0 ... 27 ... 12 4 Widnes ....... 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 11 ... 10 ... 2 Runcorn St. Helena 4 . 0 4 0 . 13 32 ~. 0

In the Northern League games Broughton added another to their long list of successes by severely thrashing Hunslet. The latter won forward but in the rear were hopelessly out-manceuvred by the speedy Rangers, who scored. 23 points to 2 points. Oldham went down at Hull, and it is worth noting that they have never looked up since Warrington spoiled their sequence of successes, at Wilderspool. Leigh made a good fight at Huddersfield, but should not have allowed 18 points to be piled on against them in the first half.

A good performance was accomplished by Runcorn at Bradford, for after looking likely to lose they got ahead in the second portion and finally ran the heavy Bradfordians off their feet with three goals and two tries to a try. Salford had an easy win at Brighouse, while Swinton found no great difficulty about beating Halifax. Cooper scored three tries for them. The League table up to date is as follows :

For Against P WLD T PIS G T PTB Broughton Rangers 9 9 0 0 ...19 23-122... 7 6-32 ...18 Hull Oldham 8 6 2 0 ..,14 19— 85... 6 7 —33 ...12 Runcorn ilunalet "Salford *Warrington Leigh lO 4 6 0 ...16 14— 74...10 18-74 ... 8 *Swinton 7 4 3 0 ...$6 12— 48...11 5-37 ... 6 Bradford Batley Huddersfield , Halifax 8 1 6 1 ... 8 10— 46...16 20-93 ... 3 Brighouse Rangers.- 11 1 10 0 —lO 7 41...25 32-146.. 2 *Salford, Swinton, and Warrington have each hal two points deducted for breach of the rules.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Harriers.

Warrington Athletic Club had Runcorn Harriers as visitors last Saturday. Runcorn had a very poor team, only three runners turning up, whilst the home club had. 13 out. A mile break was agreed upon, and the pack proceeded across Arpley fields, Walton Arches,And round by Acton Grange. After having run about four miles, the pack formed up for the mile break. C straw and J Mather immediately broke away, followed 'by Price and two members of Runcorn. A grand struggle took place for first position, J Mather just winning from C Straw. The race resulted in a win for Warring- ton by eleven points. Position: of counters, Warrington A.C. :—J Mather, 1" ; C Straw, 2 ; W Price, 3 ; total, six points. Runcorn H. ; W Hulse, 4 ; J Povey, 6 ; T Povey, 7; total, 17 points. Next Saturday's fixture is with Sef ton Harriers, at Wavertree.

About thirty members of the Sankey club turned up at headquarters, the Sloop Hotel, on Saturday, to indulge in an ordinary run. Two packs were turned out, the slow preceding the fast by about ten minutes. Seven miles of good country were traversed by way of the Bold estate, the slow pack keeping well in front. The first to arrive was J Potts, followed by F Cowap and Parsonage, jun., all" slows." The fast pack soon followed, T Devlin, S Parsonage, and E Green finishing at a smart pace.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL

RAYDOCK V STALEYBRIDGE llovnus. these clubs met on Saturday; llaydock being defeated by one goal to nib

BARROW V. BARLESTOWN•

At Barrow: Barrow started with the wind. Findley kicked well up, and Walker centred finely, the Barlestown custodian saving from Cunningham. Docherty saved a rush by Barlestown, Play favoured the home team. Boss played nicely, but play went to the other end. Barrow kept well up, Fyfe and Boss playing well. Barlestown transferred, but Duguid saved. Quarter-time—no score, Barrow now attacked strongly. Walker eventually kicked over after Clew bed saved several shots. A swift run down by Bariestown was checked by Docherty. From a free kick Cunningham scored, but It was disallowed. A foul against Sanders gave the visitors relief, and a smart was sent in by Bills. Barrow I tran ferred, and M'Farlane putting beautifully in, Hall scored. Cunningham scored and Barlestown scored. Half- time—Barrow 3,Bariestown 1. Final—Barrow 6,Bariestown3.

BARLESTOWN RovEfts V. BEWBEY ALL fiLINTS _ _ .

Played at Sarlestown ou Saturday afternoon. Bewsey hsd most of the play, but they were unable to make any Im- pression upon the home defence, and they had to suffer defeat by 1 goal to U.

===== 0002601_19011115_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGES.

TTOCKRY.—It one firm of manufacturers more 1121‘,1 another keeps abreast of the times in the matte,r° Implements for Sport, that firm is GEO. G. BUSSE!' S

of London, who are leading the way again with --;• Hockey Clubs and Balls yr hich bear their well-known trni mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for a. G. B. & Co.'s Wet, Hockey List. If mot procurable apply to 36 and SS Qtle Victoria-street, London. Factory—Peckham,S.D.—A.dyt.

DELICIOUS.

RED

WHITE

& BLUE

COFFEE.

For Breakfast and after Dinner.

SOLD EVERYWHERE.

F OR* FI RST-CLASS PivA

.I):ENTISTRY. Appointments unneoessary,tbat may be arranged;

TEETIL

rETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the 00$ work required,. TEETH. cold and other fillings at moderate charzes. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Ad TEETH. P.;nless Extraction as hitherto by tha e• of /Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 galls weekly.

ors. Of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DEI4TUIT BY NzAM

MR. ROBISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 pm.

WARRINGTON _,....3A, SANREY-STRSSI WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, 31. BRIDGE-STREO

TUITESDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH-18, APILEMARKET-87110'

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

~ W7;O JEaVONS—SALT—November 3rd, at the Parish Chureoo riugton. by Rev. G, W. Dickinson, Joseph PO Blizabeth Salt iftc Roes—HALE—November 4th, at the Parish Churl $0" rington by Rev, A. F. White, Albert Arthur Bdvi3r to Hllzabeth Hale.

tiotl' FRIARS' GRERN, Warrington Opt -,site Arpte7,112,6.) Also at MANCRESTER-ROAD, (late Esee'' S. T. WARD AND CO MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, &Cyl MARBLE MASOE,'-'..:ooeots• Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, 2°.°''Graulte• Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstone° Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates FreeT.lsa LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING 1015 MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.

As°lll' Warrington.—Printed, and Published by PEN ,1800 A Co. at The Examiner General Printing WOrksj. ,700 ett, street, and publishedl by them at the mine PlviorfPo also at the The Examiner: Offices, Viotorta-roadij'efrotrln 32, Georre•street, sy, HELENg and 3.1 Id:foot ik" BABLESTOWN.-In the County of LaDealltOr and 15 190, fl litrXooriN ,in the County of Chester• Nov'

,J 110 40' ice tbeir traal ite.' peueeo it vior ,cti• „, 0 of, pet top' SOloo' roll" 0 rod° 11°178t6 joge°ll " pliee oie fangd,WlPtree° I,3tfliwrgarirl.;9l3lol A

===== 0002601_19011115_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
' DEATHS.

row

Ola l'AYTox—November 7th, at her residence, the $ Back, Allen-street. at the age of 45 years. after, long illness. Sarah, the beloved wife of jame6 Interment at the Warrington Cemetery at 2.30 00 GlBSON—November 1, _at lareenall-street. W°'

Elizabeth Gibson, aged 0 years. DUCKWORTH—November 2, at Hopwood-street, .I"trj Annie Duckworth, aged 32 years. POMFRET—November 3. at Pox-street, Warringtoli. Pomfret. aged 31 years. PP' HlGGlNsoa—November 4. at Fairclough's•ayenae, tolo• ton, William Edward Higginson, aged 53 yeart.arritig HARTLEY—November 4, at OtiUrOb-Street. " George Hartley, aged 52 years. WlLKES—Rovember 5, at tiefuge-square, Warrtt Wilkes, aged 64 years.

===== 0002601_19011115_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I

I

I

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NOVEMBER 17Th. CHOIR FESTIVAL. At 10.30 and B.3o—Rev. H. G. ROBERTS. All welcome. Hymn Books provided

WALTON LEA GARDENS WILL BE OPEN FOR TUB PUBLIC TO vow THE OIIRYSANTHRMUM3. ON SATURDAY. SUNDAY AND MONDAY. NOVIIMBER 23RD, MR. AND 25TH,'FROM ITO 5 P.M'

EARLESTOW N AN 0 DISTRICT MEDICAL AND SURGICAL AID SOCIETY. A GRAND CONCERT be AID or THE ABOVE SOCIETY, WHICH IS URGENTLY IN NEED OF FUNDS WILL BE HELD IN THE TOWN HALL. EARLESTOWN, ON THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 21sT, 1901. ARTIST ES : SOLOISTS :—Mies m. SHARP. Contralto (with Harp Accompaniment) and Miss R. THOMPSON. Soprano. Bow PIANIST AND ACCOMPANIST : MR. W. H. PAYTON, Idus. Bac. SOLO VIOLINIST : MR. R. IL PEARSON. • Sow 'Cirtr.oin : Ma. T. G. TERPOOR'I EN. HUMORIST: MR, A. GROUNDS. THE ORPHEUS QUARTETTIFI. COMPRISING MESSRS F. SCATTERGOOD, Alto; J. L. DAVENPORT, Tenor ; B. WHITEHOUSE, Baritone; L. ACKLAND, Basso. Doors open 7.30. Commence 8. Carriages 10 15. Reserved seats 5s (Evening Dress) • second seats 23 6d; gallery Is, two front rows is 6d. Area '6B. Ticßets and plan of reserved seats at Messrs. R. H. Pearson and Co.'s, Brldge-street, Earlestown. Ticgets may be obtained from the members cf the Committee.

W Y CLIFFB CHURCH, BEVirSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. FOREIGN MISSIONARY ANNIVERSARY, TOMORROW (SUNDAY) NOVEMBER 17Ta, 1901. SERMONS, 10.30 BY REV. J. YONGE. 6.30 By REV. CHARLES JUKES, MISSIONARY FROM MADAGASCAR. MR. JUKES WILL ALSO GIVE ADDRESS TO SCHOLARS AND FRIENDS IN WYCLIFFE HALL, AT 2.30. THE ANNUAL MISSIONARY MEETING WILL BR HELD IN WYCLIFFE CHURCH ON TUESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 19TH AT 7.30. CHAIRMAN, REV J. YONGE ; SPEAR, REV. THOMAS HAINES, MISSIONARY FROM BELGAITM, INDIA. COLLECTIONS IN BEHALF OF THE LONDuN MISSIONARY SOCIETY.

- - W ARRINGTON DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION. THERE GRAND PERFORMANCES OF "THE COURIER OF LYONS." WILL BE GIVEN IN TILE PARR HALL ON MONDAY, TUESDAY, AND WEDNEsDAY, 18th, 10th. AND 20th NOVEMBER, 1961, IN AID OF THE FUNDS OF THE ABOVH ASSOCIATION BY THE ST. MARY'S AMATEUR DRA STATIC SOCIETY, UNDER DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE. The above will be preceded each evening by a HUMOCOM Comedy entitled, " DAYIION AND PYTHIAS." Doors open at 6.45. Ticket Holders at 6.30. Curtain rises at 7.30. Prices—Reserved seats, 2e 6d. (Plan at Messrs R. 11. Pearson's, Ltd.) 2s, Os, and 6d. W. KILDUFF, Hon. Manager. M. GEO. HEA.ENIII. Hon. E. A. CONNOR j Secretaries.

WARRINGTON VACCINATION DISTRICr S ----- The Guardians having decided upon a division of the late Itr Gornall's District as Public Vaccinator in respect of the portions thereof included in the County Borough will pro- ceed at their Board Meeting on December 3rd to consider any applications from qualified medical men delivered on or hefore Monday,December let at my offiaes,Bewsey Chambers where particulars of Districts and fees may be obtained. By Order, J. C. SUTTON, Union Clerk.

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— In seeking your support at the coming election I beg to say that I am not opposed to any system of educa- tion wIIICH IS THOROUGH AND FAIR TO ILL THE RATV- DLYERS. To give the best education possible to the rising Reneration is the most sacred duty of all parents and gnardians. School., then, and what is taught in them should be their choosing Some may choose Board Schools and others Denomi- national Schools, but those who choose Hoard Schools should pay for them. It is unjust that ratepayers who, tor many reasons prefer Denominational Schools, should be forced to pay for those schools of which they do not approve, whilst they must support the Denominational Schools which they prefer. Whilst promising you the services of whatever abilities I may possess in the cause of education I hereby declare th%t I shall oppose on principle the increase of rates for the one-sided system which now exists. I have the honour to be Your obedient servant, 3 CHAMBBRSL_

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION. MEETINGS IN SUPPORT OF THE RATEPAYERS CANDIDATES WILL Bs HELD ON WEDNESDAY AT THE MARINERS MISSION, AND ON FRIDAY AT THE ST. EDWARD'S SCHOOLROOM, IRWELL LANE. MACH MEETING- WILL COIMENCE AT 8 O'CLOCK. ADDRESSES BY THE CANDIDATES. VOTE FOR MESSRS. CUNNINGHAM, INIISON, LITTLER, AND WOOD.

, RIT3CORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION.- LArat Jo Tun RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. °tt d .ttitii). GENTLEMEN, elect owl ay the 27th inst.. it will be your duty to t whe members' of your School Board for the ensuing three years. We are not " Voluntary " School managers, but rate- payers who have no other desire than to secure the efficiency and success of the rate') iyers' schools by economic and thorough administration. Our opponents, the Sectarian party. cbtained control of the Board by promising to " Down with the rates," and have instead increased your burden by £1,200 in threa years. We are anxious to give justice and fair play to Board School and Voluntary School alike. The accusation that, le If elected, we should close Voluntary Schools is as absurd i as it is false. We have neither the power nor the disposi- tion to interfere with their work in any way. We , cannot close Voluntary Schools. , and it is of vital importance that the School Boards A determined attack is being made by Sectarians upon the Board School system, with a view to its extinction. The situation at present Is one of great peril , should be controlled by broad minded lay-men who will t- not sacrifice the educational interests of the nation to . any sectarian influence. In education we know no sect:nor party. Our sole aim is to provide a sound education for every child, accom- panied by Biblical teaching , free from any attempt to 4 viola•m the religious convialons of parents. support -` . On these grounds we confidently claim your at the poll. We are, yours fai hfully, , WILLIAM HANDLEY. , F RIM J. NORMAN, . JAMES PRITCHARD, , ROBBRT H. POSNBTT SAMUEL TAYLOR.

_ rE RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF RUNCORN. PRIVATE STREET IMPROVEMENT.—STOCKTON HEATH. The Rural Disteict Council of Runcorn inVite tenders for the levelling, paving, metalling, and flagging of Bostock. street, Stockton Heath. Plans, specifications, and quantities may be seen en apPli- cation to Mr Robert Cornett, 45, Sankey-street, Warrington, the 0 mncil's Surveyor, from whom copies of the quantities and forms of tender may be obtained on deposit of SOS 6d,.' which will be returned on receipt of a bona fide tender. " Sealed Tenders endorsed ' Tender for Private Street Improvement, Sto3kton Heath" to be delivered at my office not later than SATURDAY. the 33th instant. The Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By Order, GBO. F. ASHTON, Clerk of the Council. 71, High-street, Runco-n, 14th November. 1901.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices arr. ed by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Hold, 405.: Inlaid Platina, 305, Quaranteed Ci MACDONALDS PAINLESS YSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TENTH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MAODONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.: inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. I The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press 4eneral says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONA.LDS, LTD., ATTEND AT ST. HELENS, 86, CEIURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 IO 6. F

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, 12 & 14, WIN WICK STREET, SEE OUR SPECIAL SHOW THIS WEEK. . - SOLID WALNUT SADDLEBAG SUITE, FIRST-CLASS FINISR AND WALNUT SIDEBOARD WITH LARGE LANDSCAPE GLASS FOR ..£2O 10s. SEE WINDOWS. PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, WARRINGTON.

"IUItEO PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECLIST, T. S. BRO IA WN, 3, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOU."

OHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SC HOLARSHIPS THE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE offers a number of SCHOLARSHIPS to FEMALES, ten- able at the Dairy Institute Worleston, for 12 weeks, commencing January 6th, 1902, for instruction in Cookery, Laundry Work, Dressmaking, Housekeeping, Sick Nursing, Buttermaking and Poultry-keeping. Ap- plication forms with full particulars can now be ob- tained from the undersigned •, and should be returned to him not later than December 15th, Crewe. RD. P. WARD, Organizing Secretary.

4;InERGE JACKETS I SERGE JACKETS I L 3 Every workman should have one of HAOI7I3'S cele- brated tis. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s, ed. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent .9 paid.

A REVOLUTION IN GENT'S FLEXIBLE FOOTWEAR CAN BE BEEN AI. ARTHUR EVANS' CITY BRANCHES : 5, LONDON•ROAD ; 51, BYROISI-STREET, LIVERPOOL. 6s. 6d. AND Bs. 6d. A PAIR.

XTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that a General 1.11 SESSION of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster will be holden at the County Sessions House, Islington, in Liverpool, on Tuesday, the 10th day of December next, at half-past ten o'clock in the forenoon precisely. The Solicitors engaged in prosecutions at the said Sessions are requested to take notice that all instruc- tions or indictments and depositions are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace's office seven days at least before the said Session. HARCOURT E. CLARE, CLERIC OF THE PEACE. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston, sth Nov., 1901.

WEDDING PILINGS. CHAS. WOLF'S GUINEA-GOLD WEDDING RINGS. Halt-dozen Superior Electro-plated TEASPOONS given with each Ring. MONEY REFUNDED for THIRD-CL ASS TRAVELLING EXPENSES any place between WARRINGTON, WIDNEs, RUNCORN, ST, HELENS, and EARLESToWN Districts and LIVERPOOL. SIZE CARDS POST FREE. CHARLES WOLF, WHOLESALE JEWELLER. 10, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS 11 THE LATEST NOVE TIES SUITABLE POE PRESEN LADIES' St GENTLEMEN'S W AI.TiNG STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES Ittst.JVERED iN HAL, IN HOUR FROM 3. 6D, T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. In Parliament—Sessi on 1902,

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON LANCA- SHIRE COUNTY (LUNATIC ASYLUMS). At a Special Meeting of the Council of the Borough of Warrington held on the 9th day of November, 1901 at the Town Hall pursuant to the Borough Funds Act,1872, the following resolution was passed by an absolute majority of the Council That the Council do jointly with other Lancashire County Boroughs promote during the ensuing Session of Parliament. " A Bill to alter and amend the Lancashire County (Lunatic Asylums and other powers) Act, 1891, and to alter the mode of contribution to the expenses of the Lancashire Asylums Board" and that the costs and expenses attending the same shall be chargeable upon and payable out of the Borough Fund and that the Council are hereby authorised under and in pursuance of" Ao Act to authorise the application of funds of Municipal Corporations and other governing bodies in 'certain cases "to apply such Borough Fund to the pay. ment of such costs and expenses accordingly. DATED this 15th day of November 1901. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Ball, Warrington. • I

A. U. WRAGG, 68 AND 70 WAVERTREE-ROAD, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. HOUSE FURNISHER, DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS, PIANOFORTES, AO. Cash Buyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furniture, am 16 GUINEAS (Brinsmead) PIANOFORTE; upright grand, iron frame, cheek action, perfection in tone and touch ; written guarantee givea for 20 years ; cost late owner 60 guineas ; a bargain seldom to be met with. Tuned and delivered free.

4 ~,. in Very Handsome Secondhand Gilt PIER- lit, .1.. k S. GLASS, with English gold frame, in perfect I condition, 6th by 4ft 61n ; coat El 6 10s.; from the same house as aboVe Plano by drinsmead. Sent to any address. 19 GUINEAS. 19 GUINEAS. We are still offering the test value in Liverpool, PIANOFORTE. in walnut case. by Newsome Bros., Gold Medallists ; guaranteed from makers to be the best piano on the market by 30 per cent.; iron frame, trlchord, check re- peating action, full compass, sweet tone, marqueterie panel, sconces; tuned and delivered free; well worth 35 guineas. WRAGG, 70. WAVERTRER-ROAD. 365. 6D. Lagrisauu eMARBLEreha d e CoLnOCeKb ~:z with g iptLirntn- perfect condition, 19 inches high; a genuine secondhand bargain. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. La 10 PIANOPORTE, suitable for nursery, by S. Crane; sent to any address ; taken in exchange; every wire and key, also hammer, is perfect.

BACll.—dix very handsome BPIGHAVINGS. in 2 LS. very suitable frames; will sell separately or in pairs. Taken from Art Gallery pictures. 37 S. 6D. IFraeundcshoT3eronPzaeironofeboniter pliiintrs.SEsanidns lit. Sin. high ; a very noble pair ; suitable for sideboard or mantel shelf. Sent to any address. 23 I_2s. 6D. F,lll,'Es°,Cg ibleglledDagviieSrSpllNatGe- glass swing mirror; quantity of large and small drawers ; washstand with marble slab and two rows of tiles, with pedestal and towel rail attached ; a genuine bargain. 25 15 air of handsome Burr Walnut DIJOHNSSE 13. BTABLES, 411. long, splendid shape, with bevelled mirror support, with carved supports and jewel drawers, on castors ; washstand to match, with handsome marble slab; a bargain. 24 10s. tox."ewt7CAßPET,celt9.7l.66ctizpee,re;auradl vSeTtßylghp le. Just come to hand, from a gentleman giving up housekeeping. A bargain. gB6 10 S. SHERATON BEDROOM SUITE; 71t wardrobe. 4ft Bin, tables, pedestal, towel rail, and chairs, all to match ; one of the finest suites in the city ; equal to new. Cost 160 guineas. Impossible to des- cribe it fully for want of space.

-k2 78. OD. ITAflef2NlatplerflreoteadwolerkinBg"orrr, guaranteed. with cover in solid walnut. A bargain. Cost £8 15s. Delivered free. ki32 10 PlAb S. Robert Westphall ; Duran nantoicton Model in handsome Chippendale Mahogany ease, with all the latest inanrovemonts up to date, with quaint inlaid marquetterie panel iron frame, under dampers, overstrung. check repeating action, massive brass sconces, sweet and mellow tone, very massive, guaranteed for 20 years. List price 60 guineas pettedly new; cash been advanced on same. Tuned and delivered free. WRAGG. 70. WAVIIRTRBE-ROAD,

glO CABINET, solid Chippendale Mahogany . an very pretty design, with bevelled silvered plates. unique shapes, with cupboard and plate- glass &ors, handsomely carved, with several brackets for display o-naments. A genuine Secondhand article, in per- fect condition. WRAGG. 70, WAVBRTRER-ROAD. -

AVRAGG FOR SECONDHAND ruumuz. 10 S. appße Cl3tfirAo nEt7.wilithsocilulacliitvaLyln,ift,arlaavirgeers and cupboards, with cellarette ; massive bevelled silvered plates, supported with massive pillars, quantity of shelves ; no veneer, but as described. Cash returned if not worth £l6 17s. 11 I—Per Yard.—BRUSSELS CARPET, perfectly S. _LLD. new. full width, 50 yards in the piece; will cut any length; worth 3s 6d per yard. A chance seldom to be had. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTESH-ROAD, LIVIMPOOL. •

CEO, WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL TO HIS ROYAL ` MAJESTY THE WARRANT OF KING. APPOINTMENT ' HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THE OPENING CF NEW PREMISES. 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. ON MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 11, 1901. GEO. WRIGHT & SON, LTD., Are one of the oldest Firms of Dyers in the Kingdom, being established in MANCHESTER 1835. LIVERPOOL 1825. LONDON 1790. PRICE LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BE HAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH OFFICE, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET.

26 .18 PARLOUR fi I TB, In wai nut S. 6D. frames ; couch, pair easy, and four small chairs. all to match,upholstered in Crockett's leather, best quality, and properly stitched throughout, and guaran- teed for ten years. The best value in Liverpool. Sent to any address, carriage paid.

Ril6 10 tiolid Walnut jitsilWOt 61.11 T S. comprising very handsome large-sized wardrobe with quantity of hanging and drawer spaces, beautifully shaped robing mirror, carved panels; dressing chest with, a number of large and small drawers, with copper handles, and fitted with locks and keys, landscape bevelled dressing mirror on massive unwed supports ; washstand with cupboards, rouge marble slab, and also slab panel, with massive supports; towel rail and three chairs. A genuine bargain. Bqual to a 30-guinea suite in Bold-street WRAGG, 70. WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

2Q (+LIN IiAB.—YIANOFORTIi. in wainutwood case, by V the world-renowned makers, Broadwood. White and Co., London. This instrument is perfection in every particular, beautiful burr walnut case, iron frame, patent check-repeathag action, inlaid panel front, massive sconces. seven octaves, rich tone; and I will give warranty for 21 years, having sold a great number of this maker's second- hand instruments, and never found to fail in giving every isatisfsction. Equal to new. Tuned and delivered free. wRAGG, 71, WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. SOLID OAK -DINING TABLE with a q win 38s. 6D. titv of loose leaves extending to 8 feet, on massive solid oak legs. Well worth £3 10s. A bargain. Also another 61t, for 32s 6d. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTREE-11.0 AD, LIVERPOOL.

a Solid walnut BED/lOWA SUITE, .16S. VD. our leading line ; consists of large wardrobe, pair of chest dresing tablea, and chairs. AU to match. Impossible to describe hilly on account of space of our advertisements being limited. WRAGG, 70, WAVRIITIII3O-ROAD, LIVIIRPOOL. A. G W • RAGG Will BUY for• CASH all binds of FUTINITURB and PIANOS, or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt Atttntion. 68 AND 70, WAVERTRHS-110AD, LIVBRPOOL.

_— FOR FIRST-LA V RiGPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO -W,l EVANS, ;WORKS :—BEAMONT-STRBET, NEAR TETE INulamAtir (13 YEARS WITS GARNETS). CHARGES VERY REASONABLE.

44. WONDERFUL WATCH." FAAtrErmonlghlv LEVERreliable w N ATCH oaDp-phiertro jewelledSl LVaiTa nfl ail. with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch Is timed to a minute. and will STAND ANY Amounr OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- flde Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. WA tchtnakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent poet free to Al parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0. VIOLINS, BUN MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JUL QTRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil et (l. A. Chanot), 57. RENSHAW-STREET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE ? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTFI 2S. 6D.

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES!! CARTRIDGES!!! SAM N. GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALLISTITE CARTRIDGES, LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION. STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTELY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. THE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAY. SEE THE SPLENDID CUP, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH BALLISTITE CARTRIDGES, BY A MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT GUN CLUB. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SAM N.. GREEN, AMMUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. (FOR UPWARDS OF 1.5 YEARS WITH SKELTON'S, LTD.

LIGHT ! LIGHT!! LIGHT! ! ! WHY SIT IN DARKNESS WHEN TOIr CAN HAVE AN INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CHIMNEY READY FOR FIXING TO ANY GAS BRACKET FOR Is. 6D. SUNLIGHT WHITE MANTLES 41D, EACH, ' 4s. 3. PER DOZEN. NOTE OIIR ADDRESS : THE WORLD'S INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING CO., 17, BUTTERMARKET-STRENT, WARRINGTON.

ART STUDIOS LEG LI HOUSE, WARRINGTON • MR. BIRTLESI bega :to remind his patrons and friends that PORTRAITS required for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS should be ordered as early as possible to ensure their being ready in time, the light at this season of the year being very uncertain. Specialities for CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. Ivory Miniatures, Platinotypes. Panel Portraits for Drawing-roam in suitable Frames. THE NEW PHOTOGRAVCRB PORTRAITS, lio„ APPOINIMENTS AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE WILL OBLIGE.

A GENTLE REMINDER. THE M.C.D. HAVE SERVED YOU LONG AND WELL AND RESPECTFULLY REQUES I' A CONTINUANCE OF YOUR PATRONAGE. EXCEPTIONAL VALUE IN OVERCOATS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES FOR MEN. YOUTHS AND BOYS. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEIIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE RIGHT TIME TO BUY FURNISHING GOODS AT THE LOWEST PRICES IS THE PRESENT. SEND AT ONCE TO THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES; 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, FOR SPECIAL CATALOGUE OF BARGAINS. THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED .ARE OF A MOST SUBSTANTIAL CHARACTER. ALL GOODS OVER 40s. DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. A SPLENDID STOCK.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK' LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. • • RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prises, ko. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS for OrYrtoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, r 1 , 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WA:KITES. OE ALL THE LEADING MAXERS) 1 SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OP EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 To 50 PER CENT. LESS THIN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watohes, Plate, dm, to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will reoeive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

A Wates ford trlegrsm nrimunces the death at the agt) of 104 of :he Dowailee Loy Parew. who was preseut at; the Brussels Lad on the eve of Waterloo. TRUSS Dtw vashatle atf rprocf Is the most atitab ler tropleal elimatrs ; it h Jl4bt. dean, er of, comicriaMe. a 6:lurable ; can be ',Nom whilst bathing. WHIT'S & wBIGH Sergloat Inttriment Makers, 93. Banshaw•streat, opposi top of rold-strert, Liverpool.—Advt.

LONDON. AATILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, BUSTON SQUAWS. Holtz CONTORTS, CLEANLBIESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

COUTHPORT.—SIINNYSIDE HYDRO, Physialan : Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter Itesidence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from is 13,1 per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. I. BOOOOCK. Proprietor. 00IITHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT ET OLD WARELNGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREEL THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTEARANT IN TOWN.

TAMES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELA4H-STREET. LIVERPOOL, HAVE for SALE £672 MIDLAND PERPETUAL PREFERENCE STOCK, 50 Copes, 12 Imperial Loan Co., London paying 12i per cent. £6,)0 New Brighton Tower Debenture ctock 4 per cent guaranteed Stock, 50 National Steamship Ordinary, l. Nicol Kenorick and Co. (Printers), and wanted Val Smith Preference Union Urelit Bank Prefer- ence, MacSymons Preference also Dock Bonds.

RYDER LLOYD AND CO., BUSINESS BROKERS AND VALUERS. 21. a. OLD HAYMARKET, LIVERPOOL, (Est. 1837). BUSINESSES of all kinds BOUGHT. SOLD or iVALUED (any distance) at MODERATE and FIXED CHARGES. BUYERS SUITED FREE. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. Advice free. Stock-in-trade of any description purchased. CALL. WRITE, OR TELEPHONE 009,

BB WISE IN TIME AND FURNE.II—AT PITTS'S, LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch) ; ALSO AT PITTS'S, PANTHEON, GA Y T HORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY NOBILITY ETC. PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FUR NI-11 TURN at 14, 24, 24, 38i. 50, 75, 100. 20), up to I 1.000 guineas, are in point of Excellence, Durability, and VALUE the VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They represent a CLEAR SAVING of 50 PER CENT, as compared with others. Full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING GUlDE,aontaining 700 designs. priced, post free. Cash prices only quoted, Deferred payments 10 per cent. extra. pITTS' DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. —Astound- log display of Suites in Morocco, Saddlebags, Velvet, and other costly fabrics. For instance, splendid suite, I American walnut, covered with rich Utrecht velvet, cost I £45 Pitta's price, £l5 10s - handsome Sideboard to match. I I cost £25 Pitta's price, £1..0 10s. Extending Dining Table, I cost £7, for £3 3s. Grand Suite, American walnut and Arabian saddlebags, cost 50 guineas, Pitts's price £lB. Mag- nificent Brown oak Suite, in real Morocco leather, cost 60 guineas, Pitts'a price, 25 guiele‘s. Colossal solid Oak Side- board to match, profusely carved. cost £B5. Pitts's price, £35. Serviceable Suite in rest leather, £7 103, cout £2O. Another in velvet. £8 Sc. cost £22. Sideboard, three'lbevelled plates in back £4.55, worth double. Scores to select from, Sideboards. Dining Trades, Dinner Wagons. every size, make. sad design, in endless profusion, at giving-away prices. DITTS'S DRAWING - ROOM FURNITURE.— Superb collection of choicest designs, such as Chippen- dale, Sheraton, Adams, Louis, Sic., Ac ,in rosewood, beauti- fully inlaid Circassian and Italian walnut. .4c., upholstered with every conceivable variety of coverings, including Genoa andlirieze velvets, brocatelle, eurdaine, Ac., !cc, Chippendale Suite in dark mahogany. cost £53. Pitts's price 2,1 guineas. Overmantel to match. cost £35. Pitts's price 6 guineas. Also Cabinet, cost £55, Pitts's price 20 guineas. Italian Wulnut Suite, in rich velvet, cost £25, Pitts's price 10 guineas. One in tapestry, cost £3O, Pitts's price 12 guineas. Another in embossed velvet, cost £2l. Pitts's price 8 guineas. Sitting' room Suite, complete, cost £2), Fitts's price, 9 guineas ; has couch, two easy and small chairs, in mahogany and hair, or leather ; sideboard, table, carpet, fender, and fire brasses ; a marvel, well worth securing. Cabinets, Overmantels, Occasional Tablcs, &c. Grand value. "101111ITTE0S BEDROOM FURNITURE by far the 1 largest and best selection in the provinces' Over a hundred SUITES, solid wood throughout, all complete, in satin walnut. American walnut, Spanish mahogany, ash, and other fashionable woods. Grand solid American walnut Suite, complete, cost £65, Pitts's price 25 guineas. Splendid satin walnut Suite. cost £45, Pitts's price 18 guineas. Ash Suite, cost £25. Pitts's price 11 guineas. Entire contents of Bedroom, cost £2O, Pitts's price, 9 guineas, containing ward- robe, pair of toilet tables,, chest of drawers' pedestal cup- board, towel rail, three chairs, toilet glass, brass-mounted bedsteid, mattresses, wool bed, bolster, two pillows. Carpet, fender, and toilet ware, all complete. Massive all-brass Bedstead, cost £ll, Pitts's price 6 guineas. Brass-mounted Bedstead, spring and wool mattresses, full size and quality. for 3 guineas, worth £6. IIDITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. JL —Grand display. All British makes, choicest de- signs, many of which exclusively, exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge. PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS. Lamps, China, Glass, Table Billiards Bagatelle, Earthenware. Magnificent selection. SA MU E L PITT S, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick, and Longsight Cars), GAYTIIORN (all City-read Cars pass door). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124.

EDGAR V. MORTON, PAWNBROKER AND JEWELLER, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. £1 15„ Zuyt'oSnewSlLlyELLer LEVER Watch -P3 7s. 6D, good ENTAZ-OTituCtUfoßrfßeit. ALBERT, £1 12 LEVER S. 6 —D. By yGVraEvßes Sheffield. xi. ss. friontli 2BRASS CURB. Grand Value, £1 7s. 6D. galao3;iEne quality. OF V 15s. I:igWffgg7.. Great Bargain. EDGAR V. MORTON BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON,

120 LOVBLY rich assorted Silk Patchworks ; post free for la.—Address L. A. WAREHOUSEMAN, 67, Com- mercial-street, London, LC. 1 AMES' dainty Blouse materials and Aannelettes, JLI yards full dress length, 3s. 31d carriage paid. Patterns free.—The Drees Warehouse, 830 Darlington.

ASTROLOGY. character, marriage, business eha ng e s important events, &e., wonderfully revealed. Sett d birth-date and is. to MADAME GREN-NE, 80 Park-stree Grimsby.

LALMS' Guide to Toilet contains valuable information, 310 pages, post free Is 21, Contents posted on receipt of stamped envelope.--LESLIE Metersw, Ltd., 34, Dalston- lane, London. . _ Ladies'l Handsome Dress Lengths, rich, black corded silk, troth pledged recently, sacrifice vouchers ss. each, or the both for 7s. 6d.—Mrs. Ifemmonn. 10, Cam- bridge-road, London, E.

PATCHWORK QUILTS, 70m. by 90m., in bew:tifut colours. le. 9d. post free. Send orders for Is. 6d. and three stamps; marvellous value. Orders repeated daily.— HARVEY, 60, Gresty-terrace, Crewe.

TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, two Freehold 1. Shops with workshops. Nos 15 and 17 Mill-street and King-street, Warrington.—Apply Messrs DAVIES and FORBHAW, 42. Sankey-street, Warrington.

00K 1-4.000 Pairs of New Military Bluchers ; very beat lestber soles ; will Bend one ptir, any size, post free for 5s 6d per pair; money returned If not approved of. H J Gassox. Government Uontractor, Rye.

ETTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Bing Nets, Purse 11 Nets, aaal Nets, sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and same Nets of every description. Tnosies Jolinsmes. Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

pGAWAY. The Parlour Game of the season; very ex citing and easily learned; suits young or old. Every home should have it for the long winter evenings. Post free, 18.—W. &MET, 9 Vernon-place. London, W.C.

CRRAIII. Is. per pot and 6d. per pot. Corn- -I_l posed of Benzoln, so highly recommended for produc- ing smoothness of the skin ; cooling, removes irritation, makes the sk,n like velvet.—A. A. DECK, Theatre Chemist, Cambridge. Gooll PRINTING Cheap.-250 Billheada, 250 Memoran- dome, 260 Post Cards, 250 Envelopes, 25i Business Crds, 10s. 6d. the lot; good work guaranteed; specimens iree.--A. J. Jon:lsom, steam Printer, Craven-street, Northampton.

1) HRUMATISM AND PARALYSIS..—Their complete _Ltd home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free o a receipt of post- card. Address :—PUBLISIIM3S, 18, Devonshirs-street, All Saints, Manchester.

3/6—THE BULLER PISTOL, breechloader, 60 cart- ridges ; Electric Scarf plus. 35. ; Accumulators. 3s. 9d. ; Electric Motors, powerful 35. 91,; Medical Shock Coils, 49. 6. ; postage, 3d. Large illustrated list, two Stamp9.—PEAcock, 6. North-road. Durham. ,

CIIIRISTMAS CABD3.—Private Christmas Cards. newest 4...1 designs. beautifully printed, with greeting and name and address of sender, from 2s. 6d. per dozen, including envelopes ; send for sample book (post free).—QEORGE OVER, Rugby Press, Rugby.

QDN.—Finely finished 12,bore double BREECH-LOADER top lever, central fire, left choke, improved extension rib, " nicely adjusted rebounding locks," walnut pistol stock, new, good killer, 4Cs. ; approval.—A- T. JAM EC, 48, Devonshire-street, Bloomsbury, London.

HOT WATER INSTANTLY night or day, adequate hot water service to all taps. Hot bath directly without waiting. Great comfort and convenience at small 605 t.— BWART.B " Lightning" Geyser for gal, oil, or fuel, 346, 348, 350. Rust on-road, London. Illustrated catalogue, Section 21. post free. fro BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near WiJnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,423 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J Hosxma, 16. leenwick-etreet Liverpool.

pATENT OF FICA MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have beta more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the ootton,woollen and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent haws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.S.A. 4, BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY IVIACHINERY OVER 450 GOLD & SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. " VOWEL " WASHING, WRINGING, & MANGLING MACHINES, LAUNDRY REQUISITES. " DIAPHRAGM" CHURNS, BUTTER WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Pest Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High tiolborn, London ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Works. Salford.

110r5Stii, garriageo d'N SALE smart active HALF-LRGGED CART MARE, Suit porter or furniture remover. Price £lB. SHRIEVEL Park Side Farm, klobberley, Kuutsford. VOUR CART COLTS. rising three and four years, two 1: broken, by good sires ; also choice of two good Cart Horses.—Apply PETER WRIGHT. farmer, isainhill, near Prescot.

£18—The Turnout . • thick Welsh 008, 14 hands; new light Spring Float,and Harness. or separate; a month's trial allowed. Also a light Spring Waggon, £B. 65. hIRICSTALL STREET. WALTON-ROAD, Liverpool.

TJPIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTEIPORT.—A most aucees ful Boarding achool for Boys. T lontaccoon, M.A. LL D., D.C,L,

R. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, prepares students for examination in Planoforte,Organ, Theory and lisrmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. ROORIS over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, MARKET-STREET, RitrleStoHll, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington.

MR. TOM. BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SURZ-STRBST, WARRINGTON.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, WIGAN, THEORY, HARMONY. COUNTER- MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained.by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANN, Warrington.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION. 0 MUNICIPAL TRADING FUND -- .1 A FUND IS REQUIRED TO OPPOSE ANY TRAD- ING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, whether legal or not. BY MEMBERS OF THE COUNCIL WITH THE CORPORATION.' DONATIONS will be received at Parr's Bank, the Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank, the Union Bank of Manchester, and the National Provincial Bank' COMMITTEE :- JAMES DODDS, Treasurer J, H. FLEMING. J. UPSON, J. PEMBERTON, E. L. FLEMING, Secretary. £ a. d. James Dodds lO 0 A Ratepayer A Friend 1 0 S. Gough 5 0 A Friend A few townsmen "Anti-Dictator" 1 1 3. Pemberton lO 0 "My native town" 5 0 Joseph Twist 1 0 W.D. "Maxi" "A well' wisher of his native town 5 0 "Purity" 1 1 ''One who approves" " Morality" "Pro Bono Public° " B. A lady ratepayer "No more Boss Croker " Councillor F It Roberts ONE PENNY " Anti-Tammany" 5 0 0

WANTBD STRONG GIRL for the kltohen.—Apply KING'S ARPIN HOTEL, Ormsklrk. WANTED two GB-NRRALS,for farm-house.—Apply MEL HUNT, Home Farm. Ashton-m-tifakerneld.

WANTED SERVANTS.—Quick engagements for Cook- Housemaids and Generals.—Apply Mrs WHATMOUGH 1, Falinge-road, Rochdale. WANTED HOUSEMAID good references, neat and quick, State wages required.—AßMSTßoNG, Fern Lea. Oakhill Park, Liverpool. lir ANTED at once experienced GENERAL; good wage,; no washing; reference required.- 66, GRAFTON 6TREET, C. 011 M., Manchester.

WANTED. strong YOUNG WOMAN as MOTHER'S HELP; to take charge of young children; mnst be well recommended ; wages £l2.—Apply by letter Mrs. LICK, 41, The Elms, Princes-park, Liverpool.

WORK FOR RVKRYBODY. Whole or spare time. For full particulars send stamped addressed envelope.— HAIGH, Dalton Street, Sheffield.

COMFORTABLE APARTIIIHNTS for one or two young men. terms moderate.—Apply 20, MARSON-STEEHT, Warrington.

CORN MILL (steam) in North Wales for disposal as going concern, fitted with most modern machinery ; for full particulars.—Apply H ALDAY, estate agent, 13, North John- street, Liverpool. rro CARTING CONTRACTORS and Team owners; small 1 branch business to be disposed of in Warrington ; six horses, six lorries, gears Ac. All particulars H. ALDAY, 13, North John-street. Liverpool.

BA Y PONY, 8 years, 13 hands ; guaranteed to trOt 15 miles in one hour. Gig made by Lawton cost 35 guineas 6 months ago, and brass mounted harness both equal to new. £3O the lot; would separate. BAY COB black points 6 years, 14 hands; flue driver and feat; perfect action ; pass electric care and stands unattended, £12.-42, CHESNUT STREET, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool.

lOMPLHTH and Handsome Turnout; Welsh-bred Pony 12i hands 6 years, Lorna Gig, Brown Harness, all in good condition and guaranteed; no dealers.-44, ORB EL- LANE, Aintree. Liverpool.

VOR SALE, COB, TRAP and HARNESS. (together or -112 seParatelY) ; also Gent's Saddle and Britale.—Apply PENNY-LCIE, STABLus, Wavertree, Liverpool. Telephone 345, Sefton Psrk. No dealers.

RA T POISON. —Amongst the many preparations now offered for the destruction of Rats, Mice, Moles, etc., Sanford's original "Found Deed" specialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes Is. 2d., 25., and 3s, post free,—SANFORD AND SON, Sandy. Sold by Chemists. rro LET, 00 BMODIOUS DWELLING EOUSN with rive _L stall stable and loose box, lofts above, yard adjoining and milkhouse attached; good cellar to h3use.—Centrally situated in Warrinuton. For rent, particulars and to view apply by letter to Box URBAN, Examiner Office, Warrington.

NVEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEIVBN SHILLINGS AND SIEFRNOS to NIFTY SHII•LINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCII AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. B stablislaed 1864.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AID BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD AID BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINW11:91 ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

SUN INSURAN CE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. SUN INSURED IN 1900 EXCEEDED £450,000,a1. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. 3, E. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs Woods & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank-street.

TO SAVE TIME, TROUBLE AND LOSS, USE ONLY (Stoned by latest patent machinery). GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS FOR MAKING MINCE MEAT, PLUME PUDDINGS, CAKES, ETC. READY FOR USE. NOT TOUCHED BY HAND, (No Fruit—only the Seeds—Removed). One round Stoned is equal to one pound and a half Stoned ry hand. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND STORES. Wholesale only by : w BROWN ANL CO, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL. IMPORTANT.—See that every package bears the name " GIBSON'S."

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CItiARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established 68 Years

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 83, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT, AND YOU'LL CiET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Plano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public " tie to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to serve you faithfully—to please you always_ these are our ambittona. THERE'S ONLY ONE pIANO-SMITH IN 'MANCHESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU, PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY I ORGANS ~ ss. Od. TILL PAID FOR. J Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wales. Return Railway Pare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in'exchange. YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, and My goods are well known for 60 miles round, and any Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL FARTS. BRANCHES AT LIMN: 35, Railway-road, ST. HELENS; 99, Corporation-street.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. All the advantages of co-operation may be secured without trouble b.,7 customers dealing with BOOTS, the CASH PRICE DISPENSING CHEMISTS, who prepare Physicians Prescriptions and Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of 60 per cent, on the outlay. OVER 200 BRANCHES. EACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, 6, BRIDGE-STREET ALSO AT 6, ORMISKIRK-STREET, ST. HELENS. 13E1E4E-STREET, RUNCORN, t 20, ALBERT-ROAD. WIDNES.

EADE S GOUT and RH E UMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. " Since taking your 'pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town.R. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. 'Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 53, New Lloyd-street, Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 58, Northumberland-street, Poplar: EADES GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days."---E 7 Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills,"—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. " I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W, E ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philip Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. E ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got relief."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Qreenhays, Manchester. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. TILE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxford. street, Coalville East. Leicestershire. L'ADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURE. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay. wood's-heath, Sussex. E ADE'S GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; if that is BO yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar. "VADE'S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS _Ed Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles. Is. id. and 2a. 9d.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London.

L ADM.—To prove the benefit derived from my prepara- tions I will send on receipt of six penny stamps a dainty case (post free) containing 1 tube of Spanish Cream, 1 tablet of Spanish Cream Soap, and 1 bottle of Florine Wash. tegether with my Book on Toilet Preparations (mention paper).—MADAME PAYNE. Bloomsbury Mansion, Hart-street, Bloomsbury, London.

IMPORTANT TO FURNITURE DEALERS, BROKERS AND HOUSEHOLDERS. SEVEN DAYS SALE BY AUCTION without reserve of manufacturers' stock of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE &C.. &c.,&c., at 85,BRIDGE-STREET,and 4,RYLARDS-STIERET. WARIDNGTON, THIS DAY (SATURDAY) November 16. and following days 18. 19, 20. 21, 22, and 23. nit. JOHN lIAGINN WILL SSLL BY AUGMON WITHOUT RESERVE on the above dates this enor- mous stock of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Bedsteads. Bedding. Carpets, Rugs, Oilcloth, Linoleum, Fenders, Cut- lery. Blankets and Bedelathing, Planos,Organs, Glass,China, Ironmongery, Bar fittings. Office and Library furniture, Clocks, Bronzes, &c. 31c., &C. The value of stock exceeds over £.7,000 to be sold without reserve. 105 Suites of Bedroom Fur- 160 Wool Flock Beds, Bof niture In ash. oak, eters and Pillows. mahogany and walnut, 45 Pianos and Organs, by by the best English Bechstein and Eberhardt Makers. Brinsmead, Collard and 160 Pairs of Washstands and Co liar d, Broadwoods Dressing Tables with White, Spenser,NorburY. marble slabs and back, and Lorait e ; Organs Wl' swing bevel plate Toilet the noted makers, Far - Glasses of the latest rand and Votey, and designs and finish. Malcolm etc. 15 Chests of Drawers in 220 Sewing Machines bY ash, oak and mahogany. Jones, Singer, Wheeler 111 Sideboards in mahogany, and Wilson, Vertical walnut and oak. Feed Co., and other 30 Telescope Dining Tables standard makers. In sizes trout 6ft. to lit, 50 Pr ringing, Washing and long, with mAssive legs Mangling Machines. and loose leaves, in wal- 10 Rots-top Office and nut and oak. Writing Desks. 10) Kitchen Tables, in bard- 11 Old English Secretairell wood. in Chippendale, Sherri" 20 Kitchen Dressers with ton and mahogany. sycamore tope. 25 Bookcases & Chiffonier* 600 Kitchen Chairs. in walnut and mahogany'. ' 700 Bedroont cane bottomed 365 Kitchen Fenders and Chairs. Fireirons. 1400 American and Austrian 150 Bra s a and Brassbentwood Chairs: mounted Curbs, Fender'. 150 ROO king and Arm Ashpana, &c., &c. Chairs, Commode Chairs. 140 Sets or Fire-brasses and Arc. Dogs. 150 Taproom Stools. 6 Tons (or 1,500 yards) of 95 Suites of Dining goom, Linoleum. Drawing Room, and Par- 1700 Yards of Oilcloth, Stair lour Furniture, uphol- and Lobby Cloths. stered In velvet, plush, 160 Squares of Brussels, Az' saddle bags, tapestry, mineter, Oriental and leather, and hair seating. Tapestry Carpets, troll) 93 Cabinets in mahogany, 3 yds to 5 yds square. Chippendale and walnut. 1560 Wool Rugs,Hearth Rugg, 205 Pier Glasses end Chim- Axminster and Oriental ney Glasses. Rugs. Ac Ac. Japanese Door 85 swing toilet Glasses, in Mats, birch and mahogany. 150 8-day and 14-day Rep?' 36 Brass Bedsteads, French lator Clocks. and Parisian. 50 Alarm, Marble and 250 Iron and Brass Bed- Fancy Clocks. steads, 300 Pairs or Blankets and 20 Children's Cots, iron and Quilts etc. brass mounted. 50 Leaf Kitchen Tables. 500 Wire Mattresses. 53 Towel Rails and Clothes 190 Wool Mattres sea. Horses. 30 Hat Stands and Hall 200 Oil Paintings andiWater Stands in walnut, matio- Colours, Steel Engravings Reny and oak. Hall &c., &c. Chairs, &c., &c. 250 Occasional Ta b 1 el, • 360 Overmantelswith Flower Stsnds, &c. . bevelled plates,in maho- A few Sets of High-class Bey 4 gany, oak, and walnut, leek and Dresden China. The above is the largest stock of Household Furniture ever offered for Sale by Auction in Lancashire. The storir I, valued at over £7.t.)00. The goods were purchased for ! the vendor's usual trade, and will be guaranteed perfect ill every way unless otherwise described at time of sale. bALII Ti) COMMENCE EACH DAY AT 2 ana 7 P.M. The whole stock NOW ON VIEW. For further particulars apply to JOB N M &GINN, BRIDGE-STREET, AND RYLANDE-STREET, WARRINGTON. NB.—ln order to meet the requirements of buyers or large or small lots, the Roods, when convenient will be offered singly, leaving the purchasers the option of taking any number they may require and any article will be put up for sale on any day at any time they are asked fir bi intending purchasers.

• ELIGIBLE DVIBLLINSI HOUSES AND SHOTS' ARGYLE STREET, WILSON STREET, AND VICTOBIt• STREET, ST. HELENS. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION B3' IV_LESSRS. THOS DEWHUBSP AND SON. At the "FLEECE HOTEL," CHURCH STREET, ST. HELENS, ON THURSDAY, THE 21sr OyNOVEDISHg; 1901, at Seven o'clock in the evening, subject to such speCis. conditions as will be then produced. LOT I—TWO DWELLING- HOUSES, Nos. 53 and 60, Argyle-street, St. Helens, subject t an apportioned yearly ground rent of £3 2s. 7d. LOT 2.—TWO DWELLING HOUSES. Nos. 62 and 64. Argyle-street. subject to an apportioned yearly ground reef, of £3 2s. 7d. We tE tLoLaInN aGp p oHr Ot oUnS, Ed S ,y ell e; LOT 3.—TWO sub Wt, Orij ground and Argyle-street, ratsl of £3 2s 63. The foregoing three lots are fitted up with Baths, Hot and Cold ater. LOT 4.—HOUSE AND SHOP situste at the corner of Wilson-street, and No. 1 Chester-street, together with the Dwelling House adjoining, being; No. 120 in Wilson-street. subject to an apportioned yearly ground rent of £3 192, 2,d'iti LOT S,—TEN HOUSES, Nos. 122 to 140 (even Wilson-street, subject to an apportioned a yearly ground relj of £l6 15s. LoTB —HOUSE AND SHOP and Dwelling House Nor; 36 and 38 Victoria-street, subject to an apportioned ground rent of £3 179. LOT 7.—NINE DWELLING HOUSES, Nos. 40 to 56 (eveo , Noe.) in VictoriA-street. subject to an apportioned year' ground rent of £l4 3s. 4d. All the Lots are Leasehold for the residue of a term:of , years. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers. Preste,o Auction Mart, 122, Fishergate, Freston; A. Griffin, Esq. 1' market-street, St. Helens ; or to, TURNER 8c SONS, Solicitors, 12, Fox-street, Preston-

ROBERT LOWE, EsTNTE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER (Mice and Salerooms : No. I, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPTIONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GooDs DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and ci,cond-isand Furniture and other GO.", Constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection inyit Furnitme, lte , warehoused,

Ea Lie let.

PENKETH.—Cottagee 41 Od., 3e. 9d. and 2e. Bd. per we° BANK STREET OFFICE, 116 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHBRINH STREST, rent 4e. 3d Apply ROBERT LOWE. Mate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroe- t tington. Telephone—No 55.

Osv LD-ESTABLISHED BLACKSMITH'S SHOP and lOtnit to be Let ; tools and 12 hsradcarts and 1 band vtn SAL-40. STRETFORD-ROAD, Manchester.

To LIT.—SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, two But 1 4 Bedrooms, Bath ; inclusive rent £28.• HARDING, Orford-road, Warrington.

TO LIST, STABLE and COACHHOUSIO, with lofts A large yard attached off Tannersane.—Apply WOOD° Sort 6olicitore, 55, liorsemarketetreet, Warrington.

oontp. £1.50.000 tirm".EartglgeP eror etnetp otsoi th eo ftleVe% Bums to suit borrowers. in any part of the country.—J' READ4II, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182*

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADtS; MEN. FARMERS. WORKINGMEN, and all 11e36F"-00 able Householders, on their own security, without delai, your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY OWEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNIO' FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FRODI £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON S; PROVINCIAL LOAN Co REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MERSE Y STREET WARRINGTON. THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPALED TO advance IdOliroar respectable householders, shopkaepers and Others on re° able terms. PAYABLE' BY WEEKLY BIODITHLY 011 QUAB „ INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or Ca,' J. WADSWORTH, DISTRICT MANAGES. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINQTUN. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Ft om £lO upwards—and payable by Instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES MARGO' NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO 1NQU181.63",, Do The undersigned has been established since jBl' $j always conducted his business LINDER HIS OW, He has consistently endeavoured to act ha 5 -I.lAl'v straightforward manner, and has receive.dr4 HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATIv THANKR from those who have dealt with him. osPectl; .11 ror a,..:dence, see pamphlets, which, with Fr d. terms for Advances, or any Information cleeirewnalif supplied Free of Charge on Application either pa by letter, to

p

T( T(

Ar

fl fi: el

1

, OVirLE'S OHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Cousumption, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE /NATITIA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spasms, 24 doses for b. I TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs in GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINIell AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKEEPERS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVER .WATCHES. Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men. ES ss, (Guaranteed). A Very Large Selection of ()LOCKS. SILVER and ELECTRO PLATE. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

I)r,, . R. COTT'S PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARIBURN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB LOSS OF APPETITE. CURB DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDERS OF TUE Er 00D, CURB LASSITUDE AND NERVOUSNESS.

_ 1)R. Scams PILLS Are prepired only by W. LAMBERT, 173, siamouß PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is Wrapped in A square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

I THE EXIOIINER SERIES THE Buneorn Examine 4,, published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Tridn4s Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE .Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. ApAhrsfEras WANTED Hott9ES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES To BE SOLD alincLEs LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 ... 2s. 6d, ... 45. Od. 45 54 ..........

TIIE EXAMINER. NOVEMBER 15T0 1901.

CYCLE INFIRMARY Is THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR 'BIKE" FOR REPAIRS. No SOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY HAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RUBBERED AND RE-LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's Eadles, 8.5. A,, and hater Lee fittings. Agent for Palmer Tyres. NOTE [ADDRESS, D. El., GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

2/6 PER IMPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. lALSo AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER. QUART. 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS 'WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central and Lime-street Stations)

YOU CAN'T JUDGE CIGARS BY THE PICTURE ON THE BOY. BUT ONE TRIAL WILL CONVINCE YOU OF' THE MARVELLOUS VALUE OF Au'. TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS, 45, HORSIIMARKBT-STRIIRT. WARRINCITON. BOOTS FOR ALL THE FAMILY. SUPPORT YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. "FOOTBALLERS will be glad to know that the _L. world-famed manufacturers. Gee. G. Bassey & Co„ of London, turn out balls which for quality, uniformity, and durability are uniqae. These balls will be distinguished by the appearanoe thereon of their well-known tract,' mark. Ask the local Sports De.der for G. G B. & Co.'s Price List, If not procurable, apply tl 35 and 33, Queen Victoria Street, London. Factory —Pe • kham S.B. (I

kor.rowt. /0. topksigmiN

1 Ring . . 2 League . 3 Centre Half 7/8 4 Kly nker . 6/8 6 Shuteezi . 5/.

Ay Color, Pattern; or Size. Fiz.nuelette, 2/3, 2bl- doz. ; Mattingdoth, 2/8, 301- doz.; Uotearable. 3/6, 40/. dozen.

KNICI(ERS. llWhite-1/4On' 2/8, 3/8 per pair liavy-1/8,2/6,31€1 4/8, 618 per pair

. . Shin Guards (ALL LEATHER) . Ili 101 d, 1/8, 1/11, 2/6, 2/11. k e CHROME. I ~...\:' c /1 , 'The Forward' j, 8/ v 916. CHROME. 6/9, 1018. te sEr. CATALOGIIII. 1 fiirg:o, um. ‘r. ArrEpineMrnaliabryrsectism/Qe.rwra s, i._: .;s'UGG n' CUE „,. et4l,u- LORDS! Cto FREE. ' LIVERPOOL-

Hull maintained constant pressure, Lees striving hard to make ground, but got little support, The.flnal sc tres read : —Hull, one goal and two tries (eight points) ; Oldham, one goal (two points). BROUGHTON RANGERS V HUNSLET. Great interest was centred In the meeting of these two clubs, owing to the greatly improved form of Hunsiet, and about 9,000 spectators assembled on the Rangers' ground to witness the encounter. Since the beginning of October Hunsiet have met and defeated Leigh, Warrington, and Swinton. and as the Rangers were still undefeated, it was expected that a very stubbornly contested game would result Unfortunately for Hunslet, they were without W Goldthorpe and Hannah. and their absence severely weakened the com- bination of their three-quarters. Independent of these absences, however, the visitors gave a very feeble display, compared with that of the Rangers, and they were decisively beaten by the large margin of twenty-one points. From the commencement of the game the Rangers showed far superior form, and their backs quickly got going. with the result that Huoslet were severely pressed. W James placed a penalty goal for the Rangers. This was quickly followed by a very fine try by S James, which W James improved: Hogg shortly afterwards scored behind the posts, from which W James placed another goal, and at half-time the Rangers led by twelve points. The second half was almost all in favour of the Rangers. Their backs combined and passed spiendlilly. and Hunslet were completely overplayed. Wilson. White- head. and Hogg scored tries, one of which W James improved. A. Goldthorpe kicked a penalty goal for Hunsiet, and the game ended :—Broughton Rangers, four goals and five tries (23 points) ; Hunslet, one goal (two points).

TWICE THE STRENGTH OF ORDINARY COCOAS. FIAZ AW L. '',- 1 ki C.,

A 116 tin of this great cocoa will go as far as a 31- one of other cocoas.

The reason is that Mazawattee Cocoa is made wholly and solely of the finest cocoa beans the world produces, and is prepared by more refined methods than cocoa was ever before submitted to. There are no special agents for this cocoa. It can be obtained from every grocer.

RAILWAY TIME TABLE NOVEMBER. FROM WARRINGTON „42...ct0n Bridge-7'lo, 7 40, 8 28, 1020, 12 6, 16, 255 ;flu, 535,? 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. *Akar and Hillhouse-? 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30,a 40,8 15, 1585 a 9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. • , Blrnaingham (L & N.-W.) aZ 58. 53 23, 7 10. 9,45 11 57 • 26, 5 20, 7 20. 1134. Sundays 2 68, 10 16, 45,11 35 x‘- ondays excepted. bMondays only _Rirmingham (Midland)-5 51, 70,9 58,11 65,12 55,3 7,5 22 'OO.ll 52. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 420.5 15 p.m n Blackburn -5 45, 8 35, 956, 11 42. bi 15. 4 50, 6 26.8 50. "ndays 843, a 5 35,6 o.a via Preston 52 10 on Saturdays !lILLOkpool-5 20,' 8 35, 956, 11 42, al 15, 350, 4 50.8 28, 1• 1, 8 50, 9,40. Sundays 8 43, 3 356 0. a _leaves at 2 10 on cattirday. Balton- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 115, 332. 426, 6 43 ' 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m..6 15, 757 p.m. axcearlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays -54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays 0he5te1......77 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.20 319, 4 22,5 7,6 4,7 44,10 14. 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45,17 35, Collins Green-7 6. 85, 835, 10 10,127. 2 35, 3 40, 515, ▪ 33 ',7 8, 7 40, 925. 1030. Sundays 843,60. Crewe-a2 58,b3 23, 710, 828. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 :20,7 20, 11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 154 5,11 35. aMondays 4"9ted. 55ionday8 only. paresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 744, 10 14 86113ays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. , Derby (Midland)-5.51,7 0 8 46.9 53,11 55.12 55, 5 7, 4 17 '22,6 55, 11 52. Sundays all 15 am,a 420 ,5 15 p.m as spot I°lcen required „sßarlestoss n-5 45, 75. 8 5.8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 10 1055, 11 55 7. 1 15,2 35,3 40 3 50, 5 15, .0 33,1 a. 7 40,9 25,9 65, 10 30 w104ay5,7 40 835,8 43,a.m.5 106 0,7 57,9 04 p.m , Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 55 ° 20 515, 6 17, 741.9 48. Sundays 9 5, 2 40. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023, 1225. 2 20. 3 15, 4 22, 57, 6 4 144 10 14. Sundays 8,44 a.m.. 745 p.m, Garston (Cheshire Lines)--7 15, 7 57. 831.9 5, 10 512 0 15.2 10, 4 0 529 75. 851. 595, dlO 25.1139 Sunday t. 955, 1122, 2 39.7 30.9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only Saturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 57,11 42,11 55, alls 4 509 55.Sandays 957 %leaves 210 on Saturday. Cielborne-5 45. 7 5,8 55, 1055. 11 55, 1. 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 14 53. Sunda s 8 43.6 0. „ Bongs Green-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95' a 9 30, 10 5. 12 0, 1 5 410,4 u. 5 29 6 15.7 5, 715,8 0,9 25,5 9 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 2111,11 22,2 39, 918. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted „Irlana and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10,9 16 °lnadays 8 45, 10 14. 3 15. 5 15. 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 90, 691, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 .23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13. 78, a 7 45, 47. Sundays 850, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. „ Liverpool (L. di N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I,a 5 255. 75, 85,8 23 2, 25,10 55, 127, 2.35 3.40 5 15, 633, 78,740. 9 25,10 30. tiniday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35. 843. 3 28, 5 10. 60. 9 54. From 'ill& Level Platform. aMondays excepted. bMonlaya only , Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 50, d 23, lo '1 63, 1 55. 3 20,5 15, 6 17,7 41, 9 Ai. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 10 26. 120, 13. 2 10, 3'lB, 40. 5 55, 85, 911, , 10 3311 20 11 39. 180ndays4 30, 5 30,9 0, 9 55,1122,0 z 0,2 39, 7 10, 828, 9 18 19,18, 10 20. 10 43 On week days tralns run hourly to verpooi at 50 minutes past the hour. 7,London (L. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 823, 9 45,10 20. ,L. 57. 16,2 0. 5 20, 1134. buodays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 °L 35, ondays excepted. ahiondays only. London (Midland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 55, 3 14a. 5 22. • 511 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays • 551ondays accepted. in‘Vinm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0,9 55 tr,' 49,12 36, 1 14a2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 27 "44days 850, 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. tz N.-W.) 545. 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, , 9 25,10 41,10 55,12 18. 2 29,2 35, 3 32, 4 26 , 5 32, 64 3 717,8 8,9 20. 10 33. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60, Prani High Level Platlorm. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 6". 9 68. 1049. 1 14, 3 38, 411. 613. 78, 9 27, 11 40, 5 50, 3 8. 812,11 42 7,Blanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55, 98,9 55 7",65 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 155,2 55. 355, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 8 55, 6 ,0,7 55, 8 13, 8 5 5,9 15, 955, alo 8, all 15, 511 49, all 59, ipalays 8 4549 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15. 7 18,8 659 25 9 35, a Saturdays only, sSaturdays excepted. •LLicidiewich-7 40, 1020. 2 55, 5 35,7 20. No Sunday trains koore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,255.5 35, 7 20. Sundays 1,115 53 10, 5 45,7 5, 8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 20 5,40, 10 55 11 55, 127,12 18,1 15, 2 59, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26. 4 15. 44,0. 6 43,117 9 20. 9 55.10 30. Sundays 3 3.0, 7 40, 843 a m •„."5. 5 35,, 50,757 9 69a tda Kenyon bMondays excepted r4dote-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 10 35,11 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 10, 813, 915. Sundays 8 45.10 14, 44, 5 15. 935 4 rressoti-5 :20, 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, 11 42411 55, 5115, 3 50 I ,2, 6 267 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, ••'°. bleavea all 10 on Saturdays. aSaturdays only. Iluncorn-7 30, 825, 945, 109, 155, 320. 515, 6 17, 7 41, „Sankey (for Penketh)-3 15, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 16 6',9,2 58, 4 0, 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 85, 9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sundays "' 11 22, 2 39, 8 95, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted b3aturdays only, cMondays only. (C.L.C.) (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 65 40. al 55,3 13,4 17, 6 55. Sundays 9 37 a in 5 15,a Tuesdays "°,l Thursdays only. ,8t 'Helens- 7 5, 85, 8 25. If .0, 10 55, all 53, 12 7 ;, 11 55, 2 35 3 40, 6 15, 633, 7 8,1 40. 925. 10 33 Sundays 35.8 43 a 9 5, 2 40, 6 0,9 54 a via Widnes , Southport (Cheshire Linea)-1 15, 8 31, a 9 33. 11 2, 125 30, 4,0, 533 6 15,7 15,8 5,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 53, a B,lturday only. Thalwall-6 15, 7 22.8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 23, *as, 412. 5 18, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 927. Sundays, 8 50. 38, 812. 4 Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 9 5 10 5, 11 5, 12 0, 15, 10, 2 58, 40 5 29, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 925. a 940, 510 25. Sun- -443fs 90, 9 31, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes ( L. andN,-W-) -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, ,Y;i. 5 15,6 17, 7 45, 948. Sundays, 95, 2 40, 80. 2 g,iaan- 520, 645. 75, 835. 956. 1055.11 50, 1 15. al 10 04, 3 60,4 50, 5 20. 62.7 17.8 50.9 40.9 52 Sundays,B 43, 54. aaaturdays only TO WARRINGTON FROM. Act,„ 8 c Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 8 52, 10 57, 12 0, 335. 4 45, 720 "undays 7 65,1 a m 4 42 pm. 719 War and Hillhouse-11 24, 12 44, 2 12, 42, 4 13, 5 58, „ ° alo 17, Sundays 9 20, 2 21, 8 22. aSaturdays excepted . I•sllrnii „ aghana (L. & N.:W.)-3 10,550 720 9 11, 12 25, 2 ~,04 40 5 50. •7 25 Sundays 310. 1240. 70. aThursdays only num b 45 ~ { ngham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42. 850 11 48. 2 23, I,l' NO 34 1125, Sunday 415, am 40. 11 25 P•m• 6,7°.claburp-8 30.10 43, 12 30,1 55, 34?. 750 a,9 5, alo 15, "11.,<ILLvs, all. 5 40, .a 9 13. a via Preston a 1,.&e..kp00t (Talbot Road) -85, 8 45. 955. 1040. 11 40 1 40 0 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 72, 1 355 12, 7 37. 2 tlacknool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.8 57.10 0,10121,11 25, 15, 4 2,4 53 6 50, a 8 15. Sundays 7 10. 115,4 57,8 25. a leaves °n Saturdays 5 Inltoll-15 55, 640 7 55, 835. 9 10, 10:25. 12 10. 2! 5, 4 15 55, a 35,a 3.050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 p.m. a turdays only • earlisle-012 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 55, _42,Bundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41,a110n lays excepted. ~,klester-7 *25,8 45. 9 40, 10 12,10 40.1140, 155, 2 10, 3 0 .810,5 15, 6 35,7 35,810,8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,6 55 z Pollins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24, 11 23, 1 38, 40. 35,4. 1, 5 38, 6 23. 6 39,7 47, 9 6,10 46. Sunday 41.151. 7 15,p.m. Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30,8 13,9 20, 113.8. 11 31, 2 05, 3 5 415 15 640, as, 90. Sundays 4 55, 710. 245 4 10, 920 7 aresbyy-8 16, 1017. 11 134 2 62. I, 53. 8 43. Sundays 21, a.m7 7 45 p.m. s?„„'3crbY-19 12. 935, 10 7,1 12, 332,4 0,4 47, 7 5823 7,9 35, °Lidays 1 25. 730.622 655. a IThicept Mondays. I„l4ariestown-6 58, 7 3:3, 8 45, 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 1 2:4_43 314. 5 15..5 52, 630 7 33, 8 8 9 2001036 o.Sundays 8 339 5295,10 0,3 45.7 21a Saturday ealy, !'iddier's Ferry & Fenketh-7 12. 95, 945, 12 3, 29, 327 :• Ir 6 2.6 54,.9 14. Sundays 8 '22.2 57. 52. su, odsham-7 55 91.10 1, 11 1, 261, 4 11, 5 38, 6 57, 831 I 0u.."?..Y° 6 56,a.m. '1 20 p.m. 72 5, °,b211 (Cheshir ines)-7 28, 7 54, 90, 9 50,10 48 12 0 3 2. 4 49. 56. 5 56.d0!. 721 9 1 Sundays Glas ' 40. 3 9,4 40, 653.. 854. Golborn 8"-10 0.2 0 '215 55 9 5,10 45 Sundays 550. 9 5 99;1042 • 9 6 44• '826 10 12, 12 28 .., 41, 433530 7 12 - Hough G, `"L 7 aYs 9 40, D. 316, 5 21, erl-7 45, 8 10. 99. 103, 1055. 1.9 130 223 949 10. .7 11,7 35, J 15. Sundays 8 23,9 23, 323 4 54, Irlara an..d eadishead (Central)-? 35 9 53,4 59,7,8 50, 11 23 s UndayB 10 59, 6 53, 8 50410 0., , Latchford 8 14.8 40 9 29,10 2 11, 16, 1 20. al 45. 211 2.1 55.4.22. b 5 41. 67, 6 49,7 31..,9 43 27. Sundays 823 4 66, 7 23. aSaturdays only. bgaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Eariestown)-al 55. 6 0.7 5), 80. 835,9 25 41_0,50,1 5. 130, 30, 4 50, 5 35,7 5, 8 25,11 15. Sunday ' 630, a ilondays only. biaturdays only. Widnes (L. & N.W.)-6 25,8 23. 95. 9 59, 18 25, 1 25 35 4 20. 5 20.6 5,8 30. alo 45, Sundays 730, 2 1 0.7 15 aSaturdays Only l4verpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20. 7 10. 7 40,8 23, 8 33, 8 40 6°2 935 10 30, 11 15,11 20,11 31. 11 53 12 3J. 1 0, 1 30 133 .2 30. 2 40 350 a 30, 455 5 30.5 36, 6 35,7 30. 8 30. 8 40. "0 30 sundys 7 50, 90, 2 30,2 50 420 630, 8 33,8 35,9 35 0 ondon (L N W)--5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 la, 215 4 15, 6 ° 12 u. Sundays 10 0, 5 30, 12 0. 594„don(Midland)-5 15, 90, I_o 5, •123120 4 0, 5 0,6 45 "0 1215. Stine ayst3 15, 120. aexcept Mondays. 4.111-Vmm-5 7, 3 32, 9 14. 9 54, 11 8, 1 11. al 37. 25, 2 53 4 55 33 5 '9 6 "1. 726 9 33,11 19. Sunda s 8 15,0 25 715 °mays only bEatutday /14 (L N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 8 30, 959 40 10 45 , l 2 Manchester anchester excepted. ~0,1 5. 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 60,75, 8 0. 9 20, 10 40 /111.1daYs 8 0.8 30 '9 0, 60,10 40 c -.H -road)-7 25.750.9 25, 10 35. 12 35 15a .ancheater (London IT, 340, 55 546 20, 65, 6 50, 8 55, 10 45 Suadays 7 3 1 40, 59aturdays exec p • ted aSaturdays only. , 6 cancheater (Cheshire Llnes)-6 45, 720, 330, a 9 5. 930 48' 1030, 1035. 3.130,12 30, 12 59 1 3). 2 30, 330, 430. 5 39' 6 8 730 8 33. 8 35,1.1 0, 11. 0. Sun day ti°i9_, 6.9 30.1.,(,:t0 6 .1 0.2 OeL 5.6 35 8 31,9 40. a Saturdays only udlewich-6 48. 2 39 66. oos_rE-6 58,96, 11 9.12 14,3 47,5 0,7 33.6rmiay5.8119. 458 55.7 25.8 42, 9 8.9 29, 10 9,10 22.11 8, 12 40 1 18, 48 5 10, 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 30. 80 9 152 9,55 I.l' °al '4 47.9 undays 8 33. 9 49,100. 3 40,7 20 11 50 aSaturaays • V 2 84%k 40 ev-7 56. 8 28' 9 37. 10 20, 11 24, 12 36, 1 40.. 108' 3 43, 4 35. 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 726, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 837 81,437 • 5 7, 9 25, 33-8 25, 1 15, 155. 6 55, a 3 55. Sundays, 8106 10 9t, /.176 only. 7,'ena--6 20 13 55, 80. 8 23, 9 0,11 10. 1.1 21,1 25 1 45, "°•6 5 25,6 10, 6 55, 7 25. 850 10 33, Sunday 7 50, 9 5. E 5 2thpert--8 5. la 10,11 5,12 25. 1 55, 250. 3 55, 533 7 0 7°,, 10 0. , Sundays 90. 20,8 0, 10; 8.36. 9 18. 9 58, 1112. 1 15. al 41. 29, 4 22, 5537, 6 3. 6 45, 7 30. 9 37, 11 23 Sundays, 8 19, W j„, 19. al:Saturdays only, 53aturday5 excented. 027 71"--.6 25. 33, Ft 15 g 96, 9 '6. 10 0,11 22, 1216,165,231 , a. 5 20. 7 5, 9 0, 10 3^.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON -- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be port ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willowe 545 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurah a.m.—Bevesey, Grappenhall, Heaney Heath, Croft, Pad- gett, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and SE. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales. and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.ra.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, aad the Isle Ma a.ra.—Mancliester,Bolton, Oldham. North %Valet, and Ireland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 2 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk. Bath, florist . Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S•East Lancashire. and Seotland 3 0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W,gan Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.--Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch. Newton-la Willows. Manchester p.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey TOWN DELIVERIES AS :FOLLOWS:— I To By P I Callers lostmen. _ _

The Greatest of all Tonics. : t.„- rivt, n? ,ric,ll2UkrA Is the most powerful Nerve and recuperative Tonic known. It removes Mental Depression, want of Tone and Nerve Power. It has remarkable, Health-giving, Strength-giving, Energising, and Rejuvenating properties. It is an unfailing remedy for Neui,algia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Anzemia, Brain-fag, Depression, Impoverished Blood, Rheu- matism, Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Influenza, Nervous Head- aches, Debility, and all disorders consequent upon a reduced state of the nervous system. No other Medicine has received such absolute proof of its extraordinary properties in restoring Shattered Constitutions, and in giving back to the prematurely aged New Life and Energy. ROY ki L COM ANDS. Phosferine enjoys the distinguished honour of having been supplied by commands to MEMBERS OF THE BRITISH ROYAL FAMILY. H.I.M. the Empress of Russia. H.LH. the Gland Duchess Olga of Russia. H.M. the King of Greece. H.R.H. the Crown Princess of Roumania. H.M. the Queen of Roumania. 11.1. H. the Grand Duchess Serge or Russia. H.I.M. the Dowager Empress of Russia H.R.H. the Grand Duchess of Hes H.S.H. the H ereditary Pri n ces,, of Leiningen H.I.H. the Grand Duchess Xenia of itassia. And the principal Royalty and Aristocracy throughout the World. Proprietors, ASHTON and PARSONS, Ltd., 17, Farringdon Road, London, Bottles, iJi, 2/9, and 416. Post free, I/3, 3/-,and 4i9. Sold by all Chemists,Stores,Sm The a '9 size contains nearly four times the 1/11 size.

Is a wonderful water proofer of BOOTS & HAR soSS. Sof- tens and preserves the leather Dales' Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIMIPS T AWANDS. Dub • bin Tins 2d., 6d., 21- & 216 for Boot Makers, Sa.4'ers, I ronmoneeors &C. Manse actory D ukunch, London.

MERRY WEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY ROUSES, &C. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. DIERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

HAVE you A BAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. peroat.s surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when You press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your , knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be die. coloured Or there may be wounds: the disease, if nflowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had malical advice and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation;, but do not, for 1. ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send at, once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 73,; Farringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain. remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee yi Ulcerated Join Carbunclests, poisoned Hands. end! ,- Bunions. ;RegistereaCopyright..k

„c. clisk your rocerforNlir ! ss : . ym IN To .. k. - ..7- ”gi ID) tINWO g Wit " f . ,xitr% lc In. t 46604, ...,.-.--._lzl, 4,_ -NNF.,4I-::,:j-c,vdmr (cci---- Th The Cheapest' ‘111,&-C < J.?' „- and the bey. ~u,,,„•,..., 4.- -- • , A CUP OR A GALLON CAN BE MADE AS REQUIRED. THO4SYMINGTON &CP "EDINEIURGN &LONDON.

. . .___...., BENSON'S GOLD GEM JEWELLER ..—"'''...=.%•- ~111 re ...- !.00.411115 7j6;011-,"4 e-4/1- .4--aa-j .4Alfelli7 Gold & Pearl Lace Pin, 10/- Pine Gold Chain Bracelet, £3 3s. SELECTIONS . _CV... '`,,j10001110!"1" i ' ifilaing... -1....rn SENT ON (-' 'ti, Al et- r.L)w,-, -__---T--- APPROVAL..' I • -1 ,) ;.` - / -- ' Fine Gold Brooch, 21/- Fine Gold Sc Pearls, ST/- LARGEST STOOK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD. :it..,,,0zv.„10,,,,• . . .... Brilliants and Itii,)y - Pearls, 25/- Brilliant, £lO Pearls & Rubies, 28/- Brilliants, £l2 105. or sanplures. LO .-- . , BENSON,..„ , -.:13,.;;; -- • -,---t-.);,,,,,,r_ , , ~.._ , ,- ~--..;.,. \-&•-', r. (7 I N Marble, Ormolu, 9 Wood., ' '4' i''' :/ - . •'. 'kr \:',..,....'''' f DINING' ' DRkWING BOOM LIBRARY, ' or HALL ~T.,. ,1 , I 4.n.snnna n \ [ ..., .0;',...„'',,,,,,,','•4', , c'r ',-*'•,-3!:1 ' . ""••• Z ~-..t ''.L'?'o`^;,,,;','": 9 , ~,, ~,,- ~ £2 to £lOO. ~9,--1..--4, 0 is, l' "••••.*•- .nattimates for Clocks for Churches. Factories, or Public ,—.414, :pt. ''''`i 'il ~ ':;';'.,,T.!•;',.•:4,.; Buildings, free of charge. p‘,. ':-'• To Visitors to London An inspection of the New Clock. ~, \\,_ di .Show Rooms is specially invited. rj, i ~"•:.,,_., __3o •:::, -_,,,i'Apii.„. ;IA i!.l. Oh WaAlmCaHrtEs t So tnlacie .EN'llFct IfOLABa Is 'hS.c.ErI;I7O.FOR, EpaEynatloenart risk , ~,,,, , '."--i,. OLD parts AND JEWELLERY TAKEN r ' 1 -' - : ,l. :!"..a,r4;rer,4:l 41i: .: r. ‘,„ ' : IN EXCHANGE. ',V..„•'.l,"i''',.l.ii,k d;111; . ill 4) : l' ..,, i DENSONS BOOK of CLOCKS, WATCHES from • ~7.1.-7,---- , . , .',.,,-,. • .:,' ::.:, : ' ~, 1',:k1,,,1 p;::.,4y,,, I/ £2 to £5OO. CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT •RINGS BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL PLATE" .-:---'''', -'----------. 'j ' :'"4*---r: -:t.:. and CUTLERY, Post Free. - ------'-'---=,-------..Y:' •.:7,;" • .. J W. BENSON, Ltd., The Steam Factory, • .i,--- - ------ - , _ - - - 62 & 641 LUDGATE HILL, LONDON _____... n . . Mahogany Brass Striking Clock, Order Form & Particulars of "THE TIMES" £9 NOTE. System of Purchase, Post Free.

WORTH A GUINEA A COX. ,E 4 0 .ie 41 4 '1 FILLS QE 4 t 4 • „ FOR ALL. BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

4,4 ' e . • PILLS CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (lat° 533, Oxford Street), London.

THE GREAT REMEDY. V 914 A I AI 5 el, kik GOUT IXXAIAf FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM SCIATICA. LUMBAGO, The excruciating Pain is quickly relies ed. Sure, Sale elective. All Chemists and Stores at is. lid. and 2s 9d.

"fritha:s CORES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS !LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN ANDITHROBSINCIAND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. it Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of tbe feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1/li. of all Chemists. EETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM

. THE WANT Or THE MARES STARCHED LINEN LIKE New. , BE GREAT t 4.. I' fered ti3o°t°hNe Lueuvielrd r e°ss I. , _ efonrisihmparttoing a,sitrnlrvooLye 10' ..... Linen. Laces, etc. & 441 g" does not stick to spider- web - like materials. 44 ,P„? ''" . • f ,"'; It, ...4 Once tried alwaTs , C , wanted. Used in the Royal Laundries. Should he used In house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packe,s, at and 6d. Prepared only T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn.

_ TOWLE's PENNYROYAL PILLS & STEEL ' FOR FEMALES. QUICTST COIIRECT Ars- rannormenrrnts, =goys ALL oßsrancrioNs, and relieve the distressing symptoms 30 prevalent with the set. Boxes,l/11& 93 (eon tain sthr e e times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE& Co., alannfacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. sL. it 6 in PIC .tt

DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins. Sandy o" other Deposits, Stone In the Bladdar. Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DE ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. 10. and Zs. fild. at all Medicine Houses, or pottt, free from Proprietor' Holford HOUSP. Holt ord-sauare. L00d.,” • w-n-

NERVOUS DEI3ILI L TY, LOSS OF -. A POWER AND ENERGY —A gentleman, havin been a great sufferer, will be pleased to forward a Physician's Prescription, which cured him. This Prescription was the result of twenty years' rese:lrch, and sufferers will find it to remove any, Nervous Disorder. of however long standing. It is certain in its action end is convenient to use. Send stamp addressed envelope to GEORGE WRIGHT, Esq., Coins House, Lee, London. S.E., and name this paper. , LADIES SPECIAL OFFER! I,FULL SIZED BLANKETS, gill 7 lbs. Weight. a 4 CARRIAGE PAID. 9/ H. MOnDY, Manufacturer, LEEDS. ' t.;

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. Boys a#d Girls ran get n mcKEL• PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and • •••„, e ARM, for selling 1} dozen packages of B ITINE at Firepence each. Sendyour . full address including name of County. IT return mail, and we will forward the filnine post paid, and abe premium list. No money required. BLUINE Co. (Department Ell. 3 241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London, B.Z.

--

DON'T COUCH USE KEATING'S LOZENCES FOR YOUR COUCH. ANY DOCTOR WILT. TELL Tor. "there Is no better Cough If etheme.' —One gives relief: if you suffer from cough try them 7,A but once: they sill cure, and they will not Injure your health; an increasing sale of over 80 years is a certain te.t, of their value. Bold in 13Id. this. . < 1 ' H .;

G REAT CASH SALE. PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES IN DEANSGATE 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS. GRATES, RANGES, MANTELS, CLOCKS. IRONMONGERY, HORTICULTURAL IMPLEMENT 3, PLATE, CUTLERY, BRASS WORK, AC., AC. LEECH BROS, S.: CO., 20 ii 22, 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., ESTIMATES FURNISHED FOR ADDRESS LABELS. ' BALANCE SHEETS. BUSINESS CARDS. CATALOGUES. CIRCULARS. EIANDBILLS• MAGAZINES. MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.• NOTE HEADS. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON' SPECIALITY : SINGLE SHEET POSTERS, 651 N. a 45tN. • 0.0 TELEPHONE, 355 Y.

JOHN &SON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON' FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, St VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS. Mr. JOHN EMSON has been over 36 ears with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRESS :-19, THYNNE-STREET.

TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climates ; it is light, clean, cool, comfortable.: durable; can be worn whilst bathing. WHITS 3; WRiar-10, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, Renshaw-street, opPO top of Bold-street, Liverpool, Advt.
