===== 0002601_19010920_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
77, CHURCH ST., LIVERPOOL.

AVARRINGION DISTRICT NURSING ASSO- CIATION.-NOTICIR IS HEREBY GIVEN that ett FOURTH ANNUAL MEETING will be HELD in the abUNCIL CHAMBER at the TOWN HALL on MONDAY :lII:MEER 23RD at 7.45 pm. . ALLEN BRIGHT of Liverpool will address the meeting. subscribers and friends of the movement are cordially 'uvited.

J. D. FAIRCLOUGH, Hon. SIX.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, GREEN- WAY-ROAD, RUNCORN,

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22ND, 19M. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES.

13-30. 2-30, AND 6.

PRIMITIVE METHODI9T CHAPEL, GREEN- WAY-ROAD. RUUCORN. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25th. REV. JAMES FLANA.GAN, OF LONDON. SERMON, 3 p.m. TEA, 4-30 SIXPENCE EACH. POPULAR LECTURE, 7 P.m. SrELTECT :-" A WALK ROUND MY PARISH." CHAIRMAN:—SAMUBL TAYLOR. Esq.. J.P. :rickets for Lecture Fd. each. Secure them before the day.

i i • r 9 P , - i 1 ,of', ' I 4 '4 1 A.' ,I i, $ .., , " I ~r. -; I

===== 0002601_19010920_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Poluta Fur Ag 6 8

Tlll

Po:nt3 For lig ,8 8 0

.0

IVATg'

by the 0.14'

STREF:r.

iTREEr

ISTROIET

iTEEBT

at. „er 4th 0. c I (31%1 ) 0,7 mew. 1, seionct •,to Gertro'of eon, LP.'

S'u°3-'

ststio°' ?y,

StC,. 1613 I'3l ice. Graa• re. 3.

_ rg At g gr. 8491.87 d p lac" lootr • At Oil

' I. 7 7 • • • .1 StAt,l ahlb 0 S. 00 ri I, e I rI

===== 0002601_19010920_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. THONIAS ALLEN P.D., (EN-PRESIDENT OF THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE.) SERMONS AT 10-30 AND 6.0.

SPECIAL COLLECTIONS. lORNING ANTHEM, " Send out Thy Light" GJ7ll2Od "Surely he bath borne " ) ENING ANTHEMS.), " And with His stripes " Afescialc ( " All we like sheep" )

SPECIAL MUSIC.

AUGISIRNTRD CHOIR.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19010920_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\

===== 0002601_19010920_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WHICH' IS THE :BEST; CYCLE? WRY THE RALEIGH OF COURSE FROM W. E. 'BELLI ItAKER OF THE ROYAL CAMBRIAN,

115 SANKEY-STREET,

WARRINGTON.'

I i

===== 0002601_19010920_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19010920_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1171

===== 0002601_19010920_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. nieces it before those whom you want to reaehand goes direct to tte Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make von etter known ainong Om, at a very small Colt.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNI

Ls I.Bs. bD . t°aldilog lWalnutine• Be onns Et.tosoollltligleJ2wiia,orudr. robe, pair of chest dressing tables, and chairs. All to match Impossible to describe fully on account of space of our advertisement being limited.

19 GUINEAS —DINING ROOM (Contents). just receitird from Freshfield. suitable for anyone just commencing housekeeping. The lot consists of dining-room suite, very missal 78 frames, upholstered in American leather; sidebo•ird, bit long 6ft 6in high, with quantity of drawers and cupboards ; Brussels carpet and skin hearthrug, brass kerb, fire brasses, ashpan, and walnut rvermautel, all to match, and they are worthy of an intending buyer's atten- tion. I undertake to pack RI:14 deliver free of any charge. Well worth 30 guineas ;my price 19 guineas. Equal to new. The furniture is being repolirbech 212 15 Solid Mahogany Louis DRAWING- S. ROOM SUITE, upholstered with rich silk tapestry, comprising high low settee, pair easy, and set of small chairs. A perfect suite in every particular. Equal to new. Cost in Bold-street £O5 10s. Packed and delivered free. 'WRAGO, 70, WAVERTERE-ROAD LIVERPO OL.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
27 10 PARLOUR SUITE, in walnut frames, S. comprising roomy couch,lady'a'and gent's and set of small chairs-upholstered in rich saddlebags. carved frames, and well made (guaranteed). A bargain.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITI BONDS GRANTED HT THE

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID E4,300,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGHEY.Nesscliffe. Viotoria-rd.,Latohford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGH The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnwortb Hr. J. HOLLAND WATHON,Mosrileld Howe

===== 0002601_19010920_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Pao-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, guan titles ece.. copied and lithographed.—Egoole AND SJN, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street. Warrington •

===== 0002601_19010920_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE, MAMMOTH POSTERS. A spECIALITY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. YOB MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING

MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRILMTON.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RIII:ING, AND BOOKBINDING,

IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES.

ACCOUNTANTS AND SOLICITORS' REPORTS. EDUCATIONAL WORKS AND CIRCULARS.

PAMPHLETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &O. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXAMINER. PRINTNG WORKS, REWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

TzturaoNE No. 0489. JOHN WALKER AND CO„ BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON..

EXECt7FS

INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, CIRCULARS, MEMORANDITMS,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BY Posy{ Is 75id per Quarter, Bi Bd per annum xs gd. per Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19010920_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER

Telegrams. " Renmit." Telephone.l,746. BUSINESS HOURS, 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2)

LETTER I HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE ATTENDED TO AT Ba, ST. JOHN-STREET, DEANSGATB.

KENDAL, MILNE, 8; CO., MANCHESTER,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but May arranged_ _ TEETH All oonsultations free. TEETH. Mach patient Inforn- ;d beforehand of work required. TEETH. Gold and other f.ll4ags at moderatc charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraopz;intrcaus,,hLtilaieleto by the TEETH. Maker to Deanna of 10.000 gallons weekly. Iliors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(Marne? ar lixint.)l!

MANCHESTER-77.7-46, MOSLzr-srREE I'

(Telephone 1680).

ME. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS -_-GEORGE-STREET MONDAI , 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON . ......3s, SANKEY-STREET WE.D. NESDA.y, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHIVICFI-- 18. APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

FISH FRIERS

TAKE NOTICE M C DERYOTT

1 GRIMSBY FISH SHOP,

RNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON,

UA BEEN' SELLING

COD AND FLUKE (YONE aarrEa)

Tats LAS/. WEEK

AT 28. 6D. PER SCORE,

AND WILL DO THE SANCE THIS NEXT WEEK.

JOHN EMSON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS,

STAINERS, & VARNISHERS,

CABINET HAREM, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOHN EMSON has been over 36 years with R3bert Gannett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher.

PRIVATE ADDRERS TI

;TILRET .

WARRINGTON OLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FPOM THE QUARRIES OF THS BUXTON LIMB FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICERRSRAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Office: Marion Street. Warrington T. CLAP.KE, " RAAMINE " OFFICE. 33 MARKEA STREET. BARLESTOWN. IS NOW SHOWING A LARGE NUMBER OF BOORS BY VARIOUS A UTHORS. REMARKABLY CHEAP. SEE WINDOWS. AC 3NT FOR THE WSSLSICAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

Brauch

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AID BITTBR ALR,S ALLSOPP'S MILD AID BITTER ALES. WHBATLErS HOP BITTEM. WHBATLBY'S GINGER BEER. To be bad In CASK or BOMBS from B. CLYNYINGHAW WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATRRS In Sorew-stoppered flatlet. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET. rel

LOBACCO, CIGARS, CifdARETTRS, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, EIWAN-STRBST, DIANOHESTBR RstAhliahowi 68 Ywara

R CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 241. WALLBELPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET.

12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

1.• ALLEN AND 6ONS, WARBIXOTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND • DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVR OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT ', IN OETEEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, c. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST W ORK MANS HIP. REASCUABLE PRICES. Aarscregma "iiVELSBACH " INCAFORSOENT LIGHTS, ESTIMATES Fmnic.

PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED FOR

CONONRT BILL AND PROGRAMMES. PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, I i , 1,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
;.

' • .• •4 1 . • '‘ t 4 .. ' 4 , 1 4 i : * ! i , 4 I ° f . 4 t ; 4 4 , i 1 , 4 1 1 ; f, . 1 i. i i I, 1 .„ .. 4 j 4 . 4 - 4 I i . ' 4 I / z ; i 1 f , # • 1 : / i 1 "sf 1 14 i i • I i 1 1 ! 4 4, : I 11 1 ' . , 4 _ : 1 ' ; , 4 ; 4 ) t ' I 1 1 it t. 4 i ` 1 4 . . , ! , , • , . . . . : i 1 - , .4 , 4 C I 1 .4 1 2 1 .1 ) , . i 1 , • ,I % • . , ..`, • , , 4 4

===== 0002601_19010920_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
AgUfalcat McDOUG AIL'S PAVINT SELF-RAISING FLOUR THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20 1901

soma

(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_19010920_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTEM

MY DEAR NELLIE,

With colder weather we must adopt warless headgear than the lacy flower-wreathed millinery that has been adorning the world of fashionable women. The fur hat, or toque, has come, and its varied forms are so engaging that she would be more than human who could turn from its charm and bid the cosy wintery confection to wait a more fitting season. On many hats huge chrysanthemums take the place of the erstwhile gigantic rose, and though warm tonings will be seen, it is the lightly-tinted blossoms that will first have an innings. Naturally, many chrysanthemums will be worn, for this is the chrysanthemum season, but the sprinkling of other years is likely to become a deluge in this. The curling petals, however long, giving a less ragged effect is the species for millinery. The large velvet hat of winter, without which some would feel destitute, is decidedly of the Gainsborough type. Both in crown and brim it is modified, and the edge of the brim is bound with a wide silk braid of coarse plaiting. The very long feather of simple richness, or that backed with others so as to in- crease its fulness, sweeps along the left side of the upturned brim, the stem fixing beneath the braid border with a tiny buckle of glistening diamonds, and the end dropped gracefully on to the hair. The white feather on the hat of black, the natural shade to adorn fawn and brown, the lighter or the darker tone of the rival blues, will claim their respective admirers, and aid in the pretty millinery scheme for thr days just at hand.

I notice that all the new woollen materials are very soft and silky, and excellent for drap;ng, but distinguished by the long hairs on the surface. Some are shot, or changeant, shading from pale heliotrope to a rich velvet, or blue will be shot with green, green with purple, to give a few examples. Small undecided checks, pin stripes, and irregular-sized spots are all having a vogue in fashionable quarters. Brown and beaver shades are the leading tones for early autumn wear, and are much trimmed with black or very dark brown velvet, but cheerful fraise tints, old rose, and blue will be seen later on. There seems to be a strong feeling for rich, strong colours, which is just as it should be for dreary winter weather.

Cloth dresses are being trimmed with garlands and appliqua of beautifully-tinted flowers. A particularly good example was a gown of light brown cloth, the skirt trimmed with a couple of garlands of velvet flowers and foliage, in shades of pink mauve, and the tender green of the leaves, in the shape of a panier, pointing downwards in front and rounding off behind towards the top of the skirt, The bodice was encircled with bands of the velvet flowers, simulating a short rounded bolero, with a small rounded collar of cream cloth, bor- dered with a scalloped edging of russet-brown velvet, opening over a smocked chemisette of mauve mousseline de soie, whilst a narrow stitched band of the cream clpth and brown velvet finished •off the waist.

No shirt is safer for all changeable climates than a flannel one. This autumn a shirt is fitted with exquisite precision about the shoulders, which is given strap-like braces of silk passed from the centre of the back over the shoulders, there to meet two little pockets. Coat sleeves strapped with silk at the wrists are part of the scheme. Vague colours, such as sand, mouse-brown, silver- grey, and the deeper, duller purples, are good selections.

It is being tumbled about on chairs, or being heaped up one above the other on hooks, on doors, and in cupboards that ruins clothes most, and not the actual wear to which they are subjected. clothing should be exposed every now and then to the air when not in use. Nothing preserves its freshness better, or is more effectual as a pre- ventive of the ravages of moths. Gloves should never be rolled up together in a little bundle, but should be neatly smoothed out and laid away in a case or box. Veils should be folded in long narrow rolls each time they have been used. This will keep them in good condition for a long time. .

Your loving JENsis

RILES AND INDIGESTION CURED.

If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms ; Fistula may follow.

KEUTI"S CURE I. the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, and bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like mute. It is a positive cure for the moat acute forms of Chronic Indigestion Bold by all Chrmists In Cott es lc- lsd Post paid from .D co,

JOLINPS, Eh_ cial Offer.—Guarantefd (R's flame inside. Rove- a paid. ARCHER FD TOP OF LORD - 1848.

'TALL wood. ormur e. EONS. ST, u h 1- lb

Ar---- ... ~, I •41...„_--,...."-i . 1 _ -- '., .' ' t:j• 'r i \ *0 1,<,/%//' . ..„,.., / -c--01-, / v , , / ~. A

•-p •::4 r.l , , r• . ..$7,4: c( i: • F,', , I', 1 '‘,."7t. ot• 1' /LI, li 1( I, !'t 1111,1: ''l.l'

, ~,, •`: I : V •: ! ' + . 5 4 :. a '•. t"alei#4l% 70"'. / / 7 7 / •, , (AN \ ~'' ,\,,, \ \ ).,.....

KRUT i. HALIFAX. “, _ - r- • • -tl3. ",-90.42 W •••• ire • .4141 Jr ' Mita STOOK oF IWAND( GUITAus, VIOLINS, &C. S- IAN MANDOLINg. MAXIM: 1; 12s. 6d. Carriage Anna' CREsCANI POOL. 1161031411 rd

IIThE.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FIRST AUTUMN SALE

A GIRL OF .THE PEOPLE.

- - .•••••••r. By MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "The Barn Stormers," "Fortune's Sport," "Miss Nobody," "Her Royal High- Psis' " "Lady Mary of the Dark House," &e.

CHAPTER XXI. • TIIE row= BEIIIED TIIE THRONE. , I caught my breath. In an instant I had for- gotten the portraits, and had only eyes for what should come out from behind the curtains.

Then they were swept aside; and I saw the man whom I might perhaps have expected, yet had not dreamt of seeing—Roger Cope. Our eyes met. instantly all impression of mystery was gone. I felt that I should have knowis from the first that it would be explained in this way. "My darling—at last!" he exclaimed, and came towards me quickly, with both hands held out. But I put mine behind my back. "So you are the 'employer' of whom that woman spoke !" I said, viciously; "and this is your house." "I thought you might have guessed by this time whose place it' was," Roger answered. "Many things might have told you, even if you had for- gotten seeing the old photographs of the house taken from the outside, and the great hall with the pillars, which Aunt Ermyntrude kept. It was my Coiisin Vincent's place, you know, Mtn on his death it came to me with the title."

Now I understood why I had felt last night that I had lived through the scene of my arrival before; why I had known where to look for the staircase, and why, when I had passed out of the hall, the impression of familiarity disappeared. 1 had seen the photographs of which Roger spoke; but so long ago that my forgetfulness was scarcely surprising. "And then, all your pretty gowns and yoursilver -things, and jewels," Roger went on ; "who but one who loved you would have thought of having them ready fer your arrival ? And who on all this earth loves you as I do ? I was half afraid, half anxious that you should guess before seeing me whom you were to meet to-day. Oh. Sheila, you don't know what pleasure I took in securing all your things for you—even in the jewellery which the wretched girl Fanny Newlyn confessed to having pawned, and the new clothes which your mother told me you hod taken away to sell. And the room where you slept last night had everything that was there taken out-and new things put in—things which I hoped you would like. You can never doubt my love for you after to-day." ' I was bewilddred still by the far-reaching clever- ness of the trick which had ended by bringing me here. It seemed impossible to me that rove, and only love, had prompted a man of Roger Cope's type to such desperate measures; and I understood neither the means by which he had succeeded in carrying out his purpose, why it had been neces- sary to carry it out at all, nor what he intended to do with me now that I was here. But I wished to understand, and I controlled the angry words that rushed to my lips, meaning to keep them back until I had found out how far Roger was ready to explain. It even entered my mind that Roger might be mad; and the thought added to the need for caution.

"Yours is very Strange love," I said, quietly, though my voice was unsteady and a slight trembling shook my body. "And you have taken a strange way of shewing it. I don't understand exactly what the way has been, even now." "You shall understand if you like," he returned, "though there are- other things of which I would rather speak, things Which I have been waiting impatiently far a long, long time to say." "I should like to understand," I repeated, ignor- ing his last words. "Sit down, then, by my side, on this sofa. Oh, don't look frightened. I don't mean to force you. But if you won't do what 1 ask you can't expect me to give up my will to yours." Without further objections I sat down and Roger sat beside me. I saw him glance at my hands as if he contemplatid possessing himself of one; but hurriedly I clasped them together in my lap, and Roger attempted no more aggression. "Now catechise me, if you choose," he said, "and I will do my best to answer. Afterwards— but there will be time to talk of the afterwards ' when it has become the present. Begin, my little cousin: I am in a mood to be frank, now that luck has turned my way at last." I hoped that he might prove mistaken in believ- ing himself so favoured, as far as his boasted luck had to do with me. But I did not stop to contra- dict him, for I was anxious to come at the truth which lay at the bottoinlof so'dark, so deep a well. "Did you know where I went after I left Easel- street?" I asked.

"Not at first. I only wish that I had known. I called at Easel-street on the 'evening of that most eventful day because I couldWt help it, because I couldn't keep away from you. And I had to hear that hardly an hour before you had gone. You can guess a little of what. I felt. And I assure you that Mistress Fanny was obliged to listen tO some home truths for her brutality." His words convinced me that John Bourke had been right in his conjectures. Roger had set fire to the train ' • but the result, just as Mr. Bourke had thought, had come sooner, than it was expected. Roger had called, but had been too late to prevent me from leaving the home where I was not wanted. "I believe that Tom Stephens, Fan's 'pretended lover, was a tool of yours," I exclaimed, echoing the suggestion that had come from John Bourke. Roger smiled. "Rather clever for a child like you to have thrashed that out in your mind," he said. "I don't mind saying that you are right, for employingeaueenow any means in his power—even means ever thought the less of a man that would be called unscrupulous—to win her for himself. Yes, Torn Stephens was a 'tool ' of mine, as you put it., "He spied on me, and prejudiced the managers of employment agencies against me so that I was unable to get work?" "Yes. For if you had found work the end would have been delayed: I was cruel only to be kind. Tom Stephens managed matters very well, and though they went rather further than,l expected that, was hardly his fault." "Was it he who discovered where I had gone after I left Easel-street? " "No, poor Tom was not skilled detective eneugh for that. I had to get another man. It took him three days to find you out. Mr. John Bourke, M.P., has my gratitude for saving you—for me. I should never have 'forgiven Myself for what I had done, if you had succeeded in destroying your precious life. 'But ray gratitude to him ends with that episode. His later acts towards you were those of a villain; and it Wa4 all I could do not to go myself to his house and snatch my innocent white dove from the'elaws of the hawk." . The blood sprang to my face and burnt there. "It is like you to speak of him so!" 1 exclaimed„ fiercely. "He was 'an angel to roe, while you—ohl I donrt yet half understand what you have been or may be. I only know that you are not worthy to be spoken of in the same breath with John Bourke." It was Roger's turn now to flush, which he did, slowly, and with tightening lips. "It would please me best if you need trot speak of him at all or think of him," he said, evidently ntrolling him- self with an iron hand. "Is there any more Cate- chising to be gone through, or are you ready to give me the chance which I have earned?" "There are many Questions yet," I hurriedly returned, "and ,I can think of nothing else till you have answered them. Tell me, since' it seems to have distressed you so much that I should be at— at Mrs. Jennett's, not Mr. 'Bourke's, house, why you did not come yoKself and shew me reasons for leaving there ? " - "Because I was sure that, feeling towards me as you But ed i are anything which I could say wouldbe in v ou Cousin' just now, as of old. B ger Amin& have no guardian- ship, ncalledoy ot no authority,, no tangible right to command your actions ; at least. I had none until you came to this house. I could not force you to break with John Bourke against your own will, and, therefore, for your goiid, oblie,ed to proceed in a more subtle way." A new thought was born in my brain. "Was Lady No Ringwood another tool of yours'?" I deivanded. "She was not aware of being such. Nevertheless, grateful to me, slheuisia,ed fhorer. YOU yoonigt b ih lye ay 1 chose was s clever one, I think, and cost me a day or two of thought before I hit upon it. Yet, once seen, it was obvious, for everyone who knows Lady Poo well, knows that she is in love with Bourke and he with her—or, at all events that he NVil I marry her." I started slightly at ;he words, :tnd blushed because I knew that Roger had seen the start. "I had never heard of your acquaintance with Lady lido," I said, quickly, to hide what I felt. "I have known her, more or less, for years ; and thour.ii I have never nlet Bourke, we have mutual

acquaintances. I had but to call on Lady F6o,' hint that enemies of Bourke's had got hold of a -agdal_co,NnectWArilPWlTP-- iyeterious girl who 'Nelittio*On 4,the machinery ' Id go to him; well if some it a moment's tlessly ruined „ was to suppose me i,inoitint of the ,:tY, and no doubt she thought the denouement all the more dramatic because the information on which she acted had come from me. When I was sure that she would go to Bourke's house, a telegram was sent, .calling him out, leaving you at Lady Feo's mercy: I thought the rest might be trusted to her. And my only ether act of interference was to request- that, she should take with her a certain newspaper, to be left at the house when elib went away. I alleged, as an excuse for this suggestion, a paragraph which I had inserted; through the influence of a friend, mentioning Bourke's name and aimmour regarding him. That was for Lady.Feo Ringwood s eye. The advertisement in the 'personal column was for yoUrs, and I hoped that, if you had not seen it before, you would see it then. As it turned out, my wish was granted." ,• "Yes, I walked into the trap," I answered, bitterly. "I knew well enough that there might be a trap when I went to the Marble Arch, but I (Nd not guess that your hand had set it. There is dust one thing, though, which I can now be thankful for. Your confession' has shewn me that I haven't really injured Mr. Bourke. The enemies of whom Lady Feo spoke, and the scandal, existed only in your mind. I thank Heaven for that." "Then you are premature in your gratitude," Roger retorted, the angelic cast of his features betraying the emotion of anger for the first time. "Scandal was busy enough; and Bourke has many more powerful enemies than friends, if only he knew it. As a Matter of fact, I have saved him as well as you—though he owes me no thanks for that, since all I did was done for you, with no thought of his salvation." "It seems to me that all you did was for yourseli, with no thought of anyone else's welfare," I cried. "You have been very wicked, very cruel, Roger— even more cruel and wicked than 1 dreamt."

; "That is not a gracious speech, considering that my 'confession,' as you call it, has been made to please you," Roger responded. "It is incorrect to speak of it all as a 'confession.' I have told you the truth, answering with complete frankness every question you have asked, because I chose to do so, not because I was compelled to it by any sense of shame. On the contrary, I glory in what I have done—glory in each step that has brought me to success at last."

"It has not brought you to success, if you mean by that brought us nearer together," I protested. "Though I am in your house, and you could touch me with your hand—if yon wished to offend me even more deeply—l was never further from you really than at this moment." Roger gave a smile meant to be patient and pathetic. "That would sound very well," he said, "if you were the persecuted heroine in a melo- drama and I the villain of the piece. But as you are actually a human girl, who has made a great many mistakes, and been at last brought into a safe haven against your obstinate little will by a man who worships you and has worked only for your good, the sentiment is florid rather than theatrical. You were all alone in the world, darling, and your poor little boat was on the rocks; I waded out into the deep water, and risked a great deal to bring it safely off again. Now, here you are in your own house, which is mine as well, and here you will stay until your name is the same as one which once was "dear to you." "What do you mean?" I stammered, between fear and anger. "I mean, until I have the right to call you wife, the world to speak of you as Lady Cope." I sprang up from the sofa where I had resigned myself to sit questioning the enemy. "That will be never!" I cried. "Roger, if you want me ever to forgive you, you won't speak of that again ; and you will tell me the things you have so far carefully left untold." I pointed to the portraits that framed the curtained doorway— above and on either side. "You are in the mystery of the heart-shaped scar!" I went on. "I believe now that you have always known. Perhaps, though that woman, Sintra Leigh, says you did not employ her then, you really sent her to the theatre on the night when my adopted mother died. You must tell me the truth." Roger had risen when I rose, and we stood facing each other. "Do you think," he asked, with aggravating slowness, "that you have taken the wisest way of dealing with me, Sheila? When a woman of tact desires something from a man, she doesn't demand it with blazing eyes as her right; she softly begs it as a favour, shewing that she may be ready with rewards.'" _ .

"You certainly deserve a reward," I retorted, "but not such a one as you mean. And the truth is my right. jl do demand it. I chine to this house because it was promised to me." "Not without conditions. Listen, Sheila. There is a mystery. So much lam ready to admit; and I have known of.its existence for many years. If I told you all that is in my mind, you would under- stand very much that must otherwise remain dark and puzzling to you through your life. You would even understand why Aunt Ermyntrude left you cnr- the night she died, and why she died—though with all that I swear to you I had nothing to do. lam ready to tell everything you wish to know—not to Sheila or 'Jenny Harland,' but to my wife, Sheila Cope. Is it a bargain?" "No, it is not," I said. "If you won't tell me, I must find out in some other way." "You will not find out in any other way." His voice was suddenly tierce, and my eyes were forced to meet his and dwell upon his widening pupils. We looked at each other in silence. Then I spoke out my thoughts, with sudden passionate impulse. "Oh, what a fool I was to come here !" I cried. "If I had only kept my wits about me, and remembered that my father's—l mean that Sir Vincent Cope's place, which I had never seen, was in this direction, I might have suspected that you were concerned in this. But I supposed the place was still let to strangers, as it has been, I know, for years—" "I had to have a nest ready for the bird when it should flutter home," Roger broke in, smiling. "I wonder if any man since the world began ever conquered more difficulties for the woman he loved ? "

"I should think none ever stooped to so many meannesses," I flung at him. Other sharp words were ready, like swords, to pierce the armour of his self-complacence, but suddenly a voice seemed to whisper in my ear. "A strange nest for a bird," it said. "Roger had another use for the house. flow about those sounds outside your door last night ? "

CHAPTER XXII. WHICH TELLS HOW Tim HOUSE WAS EXPLORED,

did not repeat to Roger what the imaginary Voice had whispered, for I knew that not only would he be careful never to give me a true eitklanation of what I had heard, but would probably take steps to prevent my finding out for myself, as it now occurred to me that 1 might do. Roger's own .words about the "nest he had prepared for the bird "had put the thought into my head ; for the whisper I had fancied as an answer to his speech suggested another more subtle reason for his occupation of the house formerly let, to strangers. Somebody was hidden here, perhaps; the somebody who had groaned, and cried the name of Ermyntrude ; somebody who might tell me more than Roger chose to tell without a bribe. • I said•no more about trying to learn the secret in "another way," though such an idea was taking form in my mind; and so deeply was I absorbed in may own thoughts that Roger talked on for a few moments unheard. I was only conscious that he spoke, until suddenly his raised voice, evidently repeating a question that bad been asked before, brought .ine to myself. _

"Sheila, why don't you answer me?" he was saying. I turned my eyes slowly to his face. "I was thihking," I replied. "Were you thinking over what I have just said to you ? Do you understand what it Means Ithen I tell you that by to-morrow I expect to have the special licence for which I have applied? The sooner we are married the better it will be fir every reason ; for, you see, it was a bold stroke, having youlprought to this house. If I had not been so sure I was right, so sure that I could bring you round to my way of thinking, I wouldn't have done it. But there was no other Course possible. Sheila, will you marry me to-morrow ?" "If I say no, neither to-morrow nor on any other morrow to come, what then ? " I asked, rather with a desire for information as to Roger's intentions towards me than in open defiance. What then 7 I would rather not trust myself to tell you what then. You may ask Miss Leigh. Site will explain.". "I ant not sure that I care to see her again, dial the way in which she tricked me," I said. "If I .I.ose to leave this house, now. without--"

' That is the one thing I can't, for your own • sake, allow you to do." Roger cut mo short, "until I have at least your solemn promise that you will be my wife. Can't yon-Aee—young as you are, aren't you woman of the. World enough to see-- that marriage with me is the only thing left to you, Sheila? Blame me for'what nave done, if you will, but it *as all throngh love of you. And in any event it's' too late to think of that now. You and I must 'be man and wife." lie caught my hands, but I wrenched them away from him. "I think I will talk to Miss Leigh, as you call her," I hastily said. "And I would like to see her now—this very moment—alone, rithout you." Roger had offered to let me speak with "Miss Leigh," and, though he did not appear well pleased at' having been finally taken at his word, he did not attempt to repudiate it. "Miss Leigh shall come to you here,' he said. Crossing the room, lie pulled an old-fashioned bell-rope. A far away jangling followed, and presently the grim-faced woman Who had brought my breakfast knocked at the door. She was abruptly commanded to "send Miss Leigh," and it was not long before my travelling companion of last night appeared. "I will leave you together, " said Roger. "But before going, perhaps fhad better make it clear that Sheila wishes you to explain why it has now become absolutely imperative that she should marry me." As he spoke he was at the door, and an instant later it had closed behind him.

"I should have thought that, to a young woman of your intelligence, such explanations were unnecessary," said the woman in black. "But I can give them in a few words. Already, it seems, you have afforded your friends and enemies great cause for gossip. Sir Roger Cope has offered you the chance of rehabilitating yourself. He was obliged to use rather strong measures to accomplish his purpose, and if you do not fall in with his way of thinking, instead of matters being improved, they will have been made far worse. You are at his house ; everyone knows that it is his house ; the servants and others know that you have been here since last evening—that you came willingly. What will become ,of you if, after all this, you refuse to marry him ?" "So this is what he preferred to have you explain!" I exclaimed. "I don't wonder that even Roger Cope hesitated to say it himself." "it may not be pleasant to hear, but it is the truth. I gave you very good advice when I brought you to the door of this room an hour ago. lam sorry that you don't seem to have remembered it very well, but it is not too late yet. Aslsaid then, you have everything to lose, or everything to gain. Money, two charming houses,, the ability to help your relatives (who from accounts I have heard need all the help that can be given them) an enviable position in society, with past indiscretions forgotten. All this you have, on the one band; on the other—but perhaps that picture is best left to your imagination." For a moment I did oot speak. Then I said, shortly: "Please call Sir Roger back again."

He was summoned, and presently appeared, the woman in black meanwhile asking no questions, though her gipsy face expressed curiosity as to my intentions.

"Has Miss Leigh's eloquence been more fortunate than mine, in persuading you that there's only one course open " Roger asked. "She has shewn tne that all others are difficult," I answered. "Still, if I were to decide at once, I should say : 'No, I cannot marry you.' That's my impulse now, but if you will give me your word of honour to go away from here—back to London or to Arrish Moll Court, whichever you choose— for two days, I will stop and think the matter carefully over. Miss Leigh can give me as much gooa advice as you wish, and I may change my mind."

Ronr shrugged his shoulders. "The longer you stay here the less easy will it be for you to decide against me," he said; "so I suppose I shall be wise to give you your own way. But we wili com- promise matters. I'll go and come back to-morrow —with the special licence of which I told you." " Very well, then, to-morrow," I assented. "But you must gcl now. "If you look out of this window—or one in your own room—in fifteen minUtes from now, you will see me driving away from the house." "With one of the new carriages, and the new livery you have bought with Lady Cope's money," it was on the tip of my tongue to say. But I kept the words back. For once, Roger vita true to his word. Whether he meant to leave the neighbourhood or not, I had no means of knowing; but at least he drove away from the house, with a small portmanteau obstenta- tiously placed Where I would be mire to see it. . . . .

- . I knee/ that he had only not attempted to put nie upon parole as a prisoner because he was sure that I should not be able to evade the guard he had dortbtless set upon my movements. But I was glad that he had not tried to exact a promise, because, as soon as I had made a desperate effort to discover the secret which I had begun to believe might be hidden in this house, I intended to make an equally desperate bid for freedom. Perhaps if I had not been taken for my interview with Roger into the room with the three portraits, no inkling of the idea which now so keenly excited me might ever have come into my head. But there had been Sir Vincent Cope, with Sintra Leigh, and the man who so marvellously resembled her. All three pictures had apparently been painted at aboat the same time, for certain mannerisms suggested that they were the work of the same artist, and the frames with which they were set into the wall were identical in detail. This suggested' that Sintra -Leigh and her double (a twin brother, my fancy already said) were closely connected with the Cope family either by ties of bloqd or peculiarly intimate friendship. Sintra Leigh had on her arm the heart-shaped scar, which seemed to me to be the secret incarnate. Here she was, in the house where her,portrait as a young girl had been preserved for so many years. But where was the original of the third portrait Could it be that he was also under this roof ? Was it his voice that had cried the name of Ermyntrude in the night, before he had again been hurried away into obscurity? If it were true that such a man was voluntarily or involuntarily a guest in the house which had once been Sir Vincent, Cope's, apparently his presence was to be kept a secret from me. Sintra Leigh had, I was certain, lied when I questioned her concerning the strange sounds in the night. Therefore something was to be hidden from me, and it was natural to suppose that the something 'had to do with the secret. Roger knew the secret, and did not wish me to know it; and for this reason, as much as any other, it seemed worth While to make some sacrifices and run some risks, for the sake of even one chance out of a hundred that 1 might stumble upon it. Sintra Leigh and I had a large, pleasant dining_ room to ourselves, save for the old butler, who had admitted us to the house last night. Once 1 ventured to ask whether she had known this place for long, but she evaded the quastion, and .I did not think it prudent to raise suspicion by pressing her. When we had finished and left the dining-room, I heard the door being softly locked after us on the inside, Instantly I guessed that the butler had been instructed to do this; for the windows opened on to the lawn, and it would be easy enough for anyone who wished to walk out of the house. The stealthy sound reminded me of the teat I had intended to apply, and I asked Sintra Leigh if she would take me through some of the principal rooms. "if I decide to marry Sir Roger Cope,' I remarked, rather flippantly, "this will be my house, ,as you impressed upon me last night; and naturally, I should like to know something of the •sargain I may be making.' ,-You shall see the whole house if you wish,* said the wonsan in black. We were in the great hall with the ugly pillars when I made the request, and Sintra Leigh rang .:-. bell which presently brought the butler. "The keys of the rooms on this floor," she said ; where- upon a bunch of large, old-fashioned keys wai produced, from a pocket and respectfully handed -to her.

-- -- "This is the way, then, of unatrusively making me a prisoner," I thought; but I made no comment aloud, and only requested, with due meekness, that: I might see the rooms on higher floors as well. Miss Leigh announced that the other keys which might be peeded were in her own possession ; and forthwith we began an inspection of the rooms or, the ground-floor. "The house is so large and thert. ism so few persons in it at present," my companion deigned to explain, "that Sir Roger considers it more prudent, to keep the unused rooms locked, except when they are wanted." Still I made no comment, but I thought that I understood. We visited a number of handsome rooms, all furnished in the style of long ago, and I simulated more interest than I really felt. The place had, it is time, a certain charm of association for me because it had been Sir Vincent Cope's; and as my 3dopted mother had been a cousin of the man she married, I doubted not that she had been in this house, though Arrish Plat! Court had retaained eL.IsIOM4).

' At last we went upstairs, each door having been. locked as we left the room to which it belonged; and here my interest quickened, as in a childish game of hide and seek, when the players cry "warm" or "cold" to eaoh other.

If there were in the house a man whose presence, was to be concealed, it was probable that his rooms were on one of the upper floors, and each closed door that we reached might be hiding a mystery. On the first-floor some doors were looked, others stood open, as I had noticed last night on my arrival. But I soon satisfied myself that the rooms 'which were not secured against intrusion offered no facilities for escape, even to a courageous and determined person. Their windows without exception looked out upon a courtyard, from which evidently there was no means of egress, save by returning through the house. As for my 'own room, anyone attempting to escape by the windows would have to- descend into a moat, which was half full of water, carpeted with the flat green leaves and waxen bucie of lilies.

My zeal for exploration apparently knew no bounds, for I did not pass a single door without begging to see what was on the other side ; and, with a weary air of resignation, the woman in black each time granted my request. After I had seen everything on the first-floor, I asked to visit the second. Sintra Leigh offered no objection, save & sigh; and again the exploration was exhaustive. "Now there are only the third-floor and the two towers left," I remarked at last.

"I hardly think that the third-floor will interest you," said my companion. "The servants sleep there. And as for the towers, they have been used for a long time as places to store all sort of rubbish which 'will accumulate in old houses as generation after generation passes." "Nevertheless, if there's a chance of my being mistress here, everything should be of interest to me," I returned; and with another sigh Miss Leigh preceded tne upstairs. She threw open door after door, and, as she had prophesied, the tour of inspection became more than ever dull. I glanced into the servants' rooms, not because I wished in the least to see them, but because I wanted to be sure that they really were what they purported to be. The part of the house occupied by the servants was in a separate wing, but the remaining portion of the third-floor was not much superior in its attractions, at all events to my preoccupied mind. At last, however, the woman in black attempted rather hastily to pass a door without opening it. "What room is that ? " I promptly demanded. "I believe that Sir Roger Cope gave the late tenants the privilege of leaving a few things in the house for a time, until it should be more con- venient to remove them," she explained, with an air of complete indifference. "They are kept in that room, and Sir Roger has the key. Now, if you like, we will go on to the towers. There is rather- a good view from the windows, but I warn you that there is nothing else you will care for." . _ _

As she spoke she -walkea away from the door of which Sir Roger was supposed to have the key, and I did not attempt to detain her. I thought that at last I had found out what I wanted to know; for I did not believe that the room behind the locked door was sacred to the belongings of departed, tenants. I said to myself that there, if anywhere, lurked the Secret.

We visited the towers, which gave a wide view of the county of Dorsetshire towards Bournemouth, with a far-distant glimpse of the sea; and then Sintra Leigh reminded me that, unless I wished ty visit the kitchen and servants' hall, I hnd done all that there was to do. I did not wish to see the domain she mentioned, and consented to go down with her to the drawing-room for ten. I was glad that the hours were passing, for I knew that I must wait for night before attempting that which it was in my mind to do. I asked if it would, be convenient to have dinner at seven, as I was very tired, and would be glad to go to bed early, by way of making up for lack of sleep the night before. This was easy/ to arrange, Sintra Leigh responded; and in consequence of mil request we dined at the hour I had named. After— wards we had coffee in the room where Roger and I had talked in the morning, as (the woman ill black explained) it was more cheerful in the, evening than the huge drawing-room. During the scene with Roger my nerves had been keyed high with excitement; my eyes had fallen on the three portraits by the curtained door through which he had entered, and after that I had observed few details. But now that Sintra. Leigh and I sat together at leisure, I saw some— thing which I had not seen before—something that roused my interest and curiosity to the highest-. pi cola.

(To be eontinued.)-k

BotE. 3.. dm -. i 14 14 .an) •0, - e ', hfCjtott , o set ,-•.1 ~r 4 IL.; sl Vronit 1 ; of •*, FA,' .14 do so withoul .1 7, he career should be hope! . ; nt,- Of courses she .. ideal!

===== 0002601_19010920_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

With America, and things American, our thoughts have been much of late, and our sincerest sympathies have gone: out to that lonely, pathetic figure, who, bereft of children and husband, now stands desolate , indeed. All the world is aware, the late President was devoted to his fragi'e wife, and the to him, and those who know Mrs McKinley well, have very little hope that she will long survive her husbano. With all interest in life gone, her dectors have their most power- ful medicine wrested from them, and it seenis only too probable that the wretched asset sin wde very shortly, have yet another life to answer tor, v.z , that of his victim's wife. For many years past, needlework has been one el Mrs McKinley's greatest pleasures and mans beautiful and intricate forms has this art taken in her aands. As a worker for bazaars she has had a wide reputation and requests for " some email contribution " have been wont to reach her almost daily, from one part or ether, of the ccuntrv. A pair of worked slippers was the cus- tomary gift, and Mrs McKinley is said to have stated some two or three years ago, that she had then worked and bestowed upon some charity, more than 2,000 pairs. The King has had the full-s'zs, brorzs statue of the late John Brown removed from the grounds at Balmoral, where it steed in a prominent position. It has now been taken to Ealnachoie, the residence of Mr Willie Brown, the brother of the Royal servant who was be- lieved to have exercised so much influence at Court. The servants of the Household have now been placed by Lord Farquhar under a new regime, which is more strict than in the time of Queen Victoria. New munitions have been made with regard to leave, and hours of duty,and there has been a general reduction in travelling and board allowances. Formerly the upper servants were allowed first class, and all others second class expenses, but under the altered arrangments, third class will be the general rule. The discussion on " The Decay of Domesticity " in one of the London pay era has produced a variety of views upon the subject, but there is no doubt that the tendency in the great cities is all towards an altered condition of home life. The " servant question " has bad much to do ia creating the demand tor flata, and these are now being built in huge blocks, with public dining rooms attached, the establishment providing its own catering. Many people without families, prefer a two or three room flat in such establishments, which seem to offer the least troublesome method of living,and among all classes there seems an ever increasing desire to escape from the drudgery of the home. The Marquis of Anglesey, who is only twenty-se years of age, can scarcely be surprised to find himself the victim of a jewel robbery. Most women have a weakness for jewellery, but the Marquis is well known to have a passicn for it, and when ne leaves thirty or fifty thcusand pounds worth of valuables about hie rooms, in a private hotel, it is net surprising that be should sooner or later find some of it missing. The great wealth of his Staffordshire mineral property enables him to freely gratify his fondness for precious stones, and when as Lord Uxbridge, he married in 1893, his cousin Miss Chetwynd, he bestowed upon her an almost un- rivalled collecticn of emeralds and diamonds. Emeralds appear to be the Marquis of Anglesey's favourite gem, and Lady Anglesey counts among her rresouree in entirepareee of priceless specimeas. She created quite a sensation when she first wore them at a State ball she attended shortly n free her marriage, her gown for that occasion—of white gauzs with embroideries ot green tern and foliage—being " built up to the gems. Lady Anglesey is a very beautiful woman, and a general favourite in Society. Her hair which is wavy and abundant is of Titian red, and th,i Marchioness is careful always to give it a becomiog background, by donning suitable contrasts in costume If one may judge from the prices quoted for the skins and feathers of wild birds, not much has been done, I either by Act of Parliament, or the cu cry against " murderous millinery,' to protect the birds from indis- criminate slaughter. Four a penny is the price quoted for crested starlings, while swallows, kingfishers, and woodpeckers, are to be had for eight a penny. One is surprised to find that the kingfisher has not a higher value, seeing that all authorities are agreed that this beautiful bird is becoming very rare in this country. Egret plumes it seems, do not fetch quite so much as formerlY, and sometimes shop keepers reverse the usual order of things, and sell the real article as an artificial one, in order to meet the objection of their more humane customers. Possibly, if we were all to talk a little less, and act a little more, matters in this direc- tion might improve. There are many other forms of " trimming " available for headgear. about which no possible question of cruelty can arise. When there is no demand for birds, wings, and egret plumes, there will anon be no supply. Really we hold the matter in our own hands. Between the dressmakers and the ladies tailors there is a constant struggle to di minate the fashions of the period. This sear the dressmakers have had things greatly their own way, but winter stylee once more 1 favour tailor-made garments' For these, warm, soft cheviots, friez-s, and cloths will be largely used, whilst colors seem likely to run upon the darker reds,and blues. Black and semi-mourning having been the prevailing modes of the year, the tendency is now towards re- Refiner, and a somewhat extravagant display of colours. The loose, semi-fltting coat of three quarter length, still finds the greatest favour, and boasts little ("save in the way of stitchings) in the matter of ornamentation. Certain bead chains, treasured by us. as being the work of our patient fore-mother., have been long laid by, and are now again in fashion. Spheres and ovoids and etranee undefinable shapes in gems and glass and bone, have yielded place to plaits like wide flat braid. A few large beads appear at regular intervals but the I centre band is of rows and rows of tiny heads. plaited I together for some inches and then caught in with one of tbe larger balls. There is infinite variety to be had in colours, and skilful workers with patterns before them, even elaborate floral and other designs, all in these weel coloured beads. In really old work a heavy bead fringe finished off the ends of the chains. They seem costly to buy, these ornaments, but rot to those who have prac- tised making thin, atd learnt what quantities of Material is re quire d. Loud laughter is said to speak the vaaant mind, but everyone knows that the faculty of laughter is an im- portant and desirable possession. If we have rot the necessary light-heartedness for whole some'andintelligent hilarity, the next thing, according to en American doctor who has made a speciality of nervous diseases,is to smile, and everyone can do that with more or less srceese. For some or other reason, American women are peculiarly prone to depression, and his main recom- mendation for nervous patients is simply to keep the corners of the mouth turned up instead of down, no matter what one'a feelings may be. Whether or not this is a cure for neyoum melancholy, it is advice that is anyhow worth treing to follow artificially.if it does not come naturally, sepirg that the secret of always looking young lies in a smiling cNuntenance. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_19010920_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SLEEPLESS N

A Devonport man, Mr. E. J. Clinnie3r. of 4, Palme.s- tor-street, suffi rrel through distressing pain in the bead. He was not equal to his daily duties ; was Irw spirited and dspressed ; slept very badly, and erre in the morning very tired. as if he had not been to bed. To_dar he is a different man, and writes to Far CO. The itenrovemeet started preeisetv a<l fl non as he began to take Dodd's Kidney Pills. His kidneys were impaired they failed to purify the and the nerves. fed by the impure stream, were starved and weakened, until they threatened prostration. Au through ths kidneys. Mr Clinnich took the right remedy, Drald'a Kidney Pile, which et the kidneya right. ate] the nerves, fed by the purified blond, grew quickly to strength and heal, hiness. fie is now able to seep. wakes thnrcueh'y rested. and enjoys life. Dneld's Kidney Pills are 24. 93. per hex nf all Chemist', or post free on rectipt of price Item The Dneds Medicine Co., 23. Farringdon-avonue, London E.C. Remember the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
some vely (ire, vise £5 flath Brink of England notes are believed to have been put in circulation at Dorcas- ter among the not too careful cr.,val. Ore of these notes has come ir t the hands of a Bradford bank.

TRUSS.—New %%fishable vollerprcof Is the most suitable for tropical climates ; if I lißht, clean, cool. comfortable. and durable; ran be worn sel list tathlnct. WHITR a WRIGHT. Surf/Joel Instrument Mvkere, 93. Iteosbaw-strett. opposite top of Bold-street, Liverpool, Advt.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
IGHTS

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

WARRINCiTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

Fixtures for Season 1901-1902. FIRST TRAM. DATE. CLUB. (mom% 19J1. Points For Areal Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford .. away 6 2 21 Broughton Rangers away 28 Rtmcorn ' home Oct. 5 Leigh ' 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 28 Hunsiet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens ' away 16 Hull . borne 23 Halifax away 30 St. Helens ......... Dec. 7 Batley away ' 14 Oldham 21 Iluddersdeld — home 25 1 eigh 26 Runcorn away *2B Widnes away 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home 4 }lull away 11 Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton hangers home Feb. 1 Salford borne 8 Huddersfield 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home Mar. 1 Salford 8 Hunsiet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good Friday 29 South Shields home 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan 12 19 Champions v Rest ES Final Cup Tie

RUNCORN.

DATE. 1901.

ILTJB.

GROTIDID.

Pointe

For Ag'st Sep. 7 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 23 Warrington away Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 15 Brighouse Rangers 19 • 26 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 18 Batley 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheehire Dec. 7 Huddersfield 14 'Cheshire v. Cumberland in Cum. 21 Broughton Rangers home 25 (Xmas Day) Broughton R.— home 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home ?8 Salford home 1912. Jan. 1 Hull home 4 Broughton Rangers away 11 18 Leigh away 25 Hamlet away Feb. 1 Oldham

S Brighouse Ranger. 11 (Shrove luescisy) Halifax 15 Swinton

22 Batley Mar 1 Bradfori Salford away 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Tie 12 Semi•flual Cup Tie 19 Champions v. Rest 26 inal Cup Tie

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

WIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 191.

Points For Aest Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 0 , 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helene 1 away 28 Altrincham home uct. 5 Morecambe away 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan 26 Birkenhead home Lancaphire v. Cheshire in Lanes. Nov 2 Stockport • e way 9 Barrow home 16 Altrincham 16 Lancs. V. Yorkshire in Yorkshire 23 Millom home Dec 7 14 Lancaster home 21 Lancaster away 25 (Christmas Lay) 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 1902. Jan. 1 • 4 11 Barrow 11 Lance. V. Cumberland. In Lancs. 18 Radcliffe tome 25 Stockport Feb, 1 hochdale }lomat, ' 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe borne 23 Mar. 1 8 St Helens home 15 Cup Tie. Askam • 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 5 Cup 'lie 12 MCI= away 19 26 Cup Tie

ST. FIELENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901.

Points For Ag, t • Sep. 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster hme 4 0 21 Widnes home 28 Rochthle Nornets away Oct. 5 Barrow home 12 Stockport away 19 26 Lancaster away 26 Lane. v Cheshire, In Lanes. Nov. 2 Radcliffe away

16 Birkenhead 16 Lancs. v Yorkshure,in Yorke. away 23 Minom away 3(1 Dec. 7 Radcliffe 14 Barrow away 21 Morecambe away 25 (Chriat Mae Day) 26 Bank Holiday) 28 Wigan 1902. - Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets ••••• ..... home 4 Altrincham away 11 Lance. v Cumberland in Lancs. 15 dtockport 13 25 Feb. 1 8 Millom home 15 Birkenhead home 22 Mar. 1 Morecambe home

8 Widnes away 15 22 Cup Tie. Hull Kingston H.— away 29 Cup Tie April Cup lie 12 Semi-ilual Cup Tie 19 26 Final Cup Tie

===== 0002601_19010920_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISHMEN IN TROUBLE Thousands of Englishmen are in paln and trnuble every day through Backache, Lumbago, Gravel. Kidney Disease, Dropsy, Wind, Water complaints. All these will find a postthe cure in Heidrovd's Gravel Pills. Try one box, money returned if Lot satisfied. le lAd. all chemists. Post free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL Cleckheaton, Yorke.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
MILLIONS A YEAR.

Time Lost and Decreased Wages. The grievanca of immense losses sustained annually by skilled workers of every occupation is ly.‘coming more acute every year. Calculations show that the money out of workers' pockets. through hours and day! lcst, represents in wages many millions sterling per annunti, and the serious effect on the social comfort of the masses is evident. Mr Jenkins, factory worker sf Bristol, said the other day:—

" I have lose plenty of tune, enough, perhaps, to pay my rates; but I have learned better now, and I can give you the recipe if you like. For three or four years. until recently, I frequently lost time through a serious disorder of the stomach. I would be soizsd by dreadful an In the region of the abdomen, especially after a meal ; and at the same time racking pains in the head made me fear for my reason. Of course my appetite was affected, in fact I could eat scarcely anything, for food gave me great pain ; and my sleep was much dis- turbed. Sometimes I had to give up work for days together. I must f xolain that the attacks used to come on in sudden paroxysm.; of pain,which completely pros- trated me. I was a miserable object to all beholders when in the throes of such a seizure." " You sought medical advice. I presume ? " " Yes, I consulted a good many doctors, and last summer I was an out-patient at • hospital, but no treat- ment seemed to cure me I learned one thing however the cause of the trouble was indigestion--due to my stomach not possessing the power to assimilate my lord." '• And you were very despondent, I expect. " I was, and very low in health. I thought I wag Dever going to get better. Then one.of my friemis, Mt Andrews, who lives just below, told me that his wife had been very ill for years, and that Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people had made her quite well. Be advised me to try the same remedy. I had another very bad turn at the time, and was obliged 0 leave work, so one Sunday I made ern my mind to try Dr Williams' pink pills. When I began o take them I was in dread- ful agony after every meal, perspiration literally break- ing out on ny. On the Tuesday I felt a bit better, and from that time my stomach eeemed to get right and the pains in my head went away altogether. I shall con- tinue to take the pills for a time, however to guard against a recurrence. tip to the present I have taken two boxes, and they have made me quite sound. Mr stomach feels quite well : my head is clear, and free from pain ; my appetite is strong and hearty ; and no 9 food digests well, and nourishes me, which it never did before."

' "Then you are sure that Dr Willisma' pink pills are the cause of your rapid and remarkable restoration to health." "I am, and I feel that people ought to know what good the pills do," was the concluding remark of Mr Albert Jenkins, wheere si'dress is Britkburne Cottage, Court-lane, Hingswood, Bristol. Lack of power to diiest and extract nourishrnenr from food taken is the misershie state of thousands, and the sad result is seen in haggard men and women whose whole lives are embittered by perpetual enawieg pain and a general disturb/Ye° of the nervous sod di- gestive, systems. The stamach requires " tone," or streneth.and the very stienath necessary iesupplied 136' Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people,which enrich th° blood in a mann,r un,qoalled bo any other medicine- These pills are world-famous through their wonderful success in all disorders arising from impoverished blood, ar semis. rickets, scrofula, "decline," consumption, ir" digestion, Palpitations, rheumatism, sciatics, St Yltuei, dance, paralysis, Icer,inotor ataxy, neuralgia, and disturbance of the Derv/Ids scat. m The pried is two shillings and ninepeoce for one box, or for six b0%.„.°9 thirteen and nine, sent direct by the manufacturers. lir Williams' medicine elmpany, Holborn-viaduct, London. . or obtainable of medicine dealers. Unfortunately to*TIV intending purchasers are deceived into a -o pting wrtt less sutstitutes persistently offered by tradesmen on large profits, but the true virtues of the genuin; pills have never been imitated, and customers ml 9 safety from deception by mentioning the name in IN, Williams' pink pills for pale penolo, and by noticing that name only on the packet handed to them.

In connection with the fishing dispute at Grimsby' 7 serious riot occurred at the FM Deeko. A mob lrched-out men, numbering ultimately 5,000. sttaCke the Owners' Federation office, and after en unsuccefu attempt to oet it on fire completely wrecked it. A for of police were on the spot, but, in face of the whelming number pf the rioters, no arrests were In ‘‘')f The damage am. unto tr, hundredo of poundo. S ‘rri6 the' Frderation officials had narrow escapes. The national memorial to the late G•neral Sir W Fel!: Symons. who was totally wcunded at the battle.b; Dundee. was unveiled at Saltath ou Wodcraley Earl of Mount Edgcumbe-

===== 0002601_19010920_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
, , • 1 . ,

4 ..` ; • '

===== 0002601_19010920_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

A

•, •

.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS,

SOMETIMES a man thinks if he is good to his dog die can be cross to everybody else. Btu BOY (bouncing) : "My father is a police- man. What does yours do?" Small Boy: Whatever my mother tells him to" , "THAT theatrical manager acts as if he wanted. the earth." "But he doesn't. He merely wants a few stars."

" Tommy," said the teacher, "what is meant by nutritious food ? " "Something to eat that ain't :got no taste to it," replied Tommy. Mon men go to church, says a preacher, to .close their eyes, and most women to eye their clothes. •

- - MISTRESS: "And what kind of entertainments do you most enjoy ? " Nora (after thinking a moment) : " Cireuseses and fun'rals, mum."

THERE are two kinds of unhappy people—those who are sad because they're not liiown, and those who are miserable because they're known too well.

"Yes, sir," said 'the American, -" a lie never passed the lips of George Washington.," "H'm :" answered the Britisher. "I suppose, like most of his countrymen, he spoke through his nose." TOMMY : " Why, Johnny, you've got a hole in Tour stocking ? " Johnny : "No, I haven't." fommy : "Yes, you have, or else you could not .get it on." "THAT'SIT!" exclaimed Mrs. Basbom, at the !concert, ..as the singers came out in response to an .encore. "Make 'em do it over again till they get the thing right." Bones : " That fellow to whom I nodded will 'probably cut me the next • time he sees me." Snobbs : " Why ? 7 .Bobbs "He's my barber, .and he's horribly careless." "I SAY," asked Jenks, as he walked into Blinks's -shop, sample case in hand, • "can a cow bide in a boot shop?" Blinks wasn't at-all Slow. "No," ,he said, "but calfskin." "I'M surprised, -John," said, an old lady, when 'she found her butler helping himself to some of her 'finest old port. "So am I, ma'am," was the calm reply; I thought you had gone out." IN USE. —Mamma (at the breakfast table) : You always ought to.use your napkin, Georgie." 'Georgic : usin' it, mamma,. I've got the dog :tied to the•leg of the table with it." ELLA To think that it is two years since we 'suet, and you knew use at once Then I haven't -changed much, after all ?" Bella " Oh, I knew ..you by the hat. Who would have thought there Was so much wear in it? _ .

CLAUD " I suppose „Miss Quiver sailed through her song beautifully." Maude : "No ; she broke on the upper notes." "Wrecked on the high C's, eh ?" AN old warrior was asked the following question : You have never been afraid, general ? " "Never. Except—" 0, what was that ?"" Of a pair of new boots." MAY; "Mr. Cumrox is always boasting of being -a self-made man." Marie: ' Pshaw ? he isn't. He's home-made. It was his wife that made him 'what he is." So THEY ARE.—MiSS Taken: "Actors, and .actresses are continually quarrelling." Mr. Mark: " Cs; but then they're continually making up, you know." • ELIGIBLE APPLICANT.—Pension Attorney: " But if you were not in the war, on what do youl base your application for a pension ? " Applicant : I ruined,my eyes reading war Articles in the maga- zines." .

Ix Mon YORKSHIRE;—First Youth (boasting): "My fayther can 'catch trout Wi' flees." Second Ditto: "And my mother can bak' stean cakes." Third 'Ditto "And my grandmother can • open 'other 'folks' letters wi' tea kettle ! " Two 'WAYS OF PUTTING IT. .."1 notice, Miranda," remarked Mr. Neggschoice, "that your first husband's clothes do not tit me." No, Cyrus," ,coincided Mrs. Neggschoice, With a little sigh, "you don't fit them." " Looa here," said the barber to the restless man 'in, the chair, "fif you don't keep still I'm liable to cut your throat." "Oh, I'm not afraid of that," replied the helpless victim, "as long as you con- tinue to use that razor." FRETFMA CHILD: "I want to look at the moon." -Weary Father "'Well, why don't you ? It is up there in the sky. Look at it as much as you please." Fretful child? '"I want to look at the ,other side of the moon now!" . SWEET REVENGE.—" Nellie Myers doesn't know -anything about playing whist. Why, the other day at our matint.; club she was my partner and she trumped my ace." "How horrid ! ' " Yes ; but I paid 'her back. She led an ace the next play and I trumped it." A SITRENVII PHOTOGRAPTIER.—PhOtOgrapher (to Toung lady) : "There is no need of telling you to A°F.k Pleasant, miss, Such a Lee cannot be .other- -N pie than pleasant." Young Lady (graciously) : " I will take two dozen, sir, instead of ono -dozen." -

_ ". \\THAT we need in this country,' howled the poitical orator,., " san elastic currency--" " Right you are, mister," interrupted , a man -.near the door; "something that will stretch a sznan's income so as to make both ends meet." SOMETHING JUST AS GOOD.—Customer ; "Have you any scouring sand?" Grocer; "Ne ; we're entirely .out of it." Customer: "Well, give me half-a-pound of your sugar. My tins have to be ,scoured to-day, no matter what it costs." MR. GROGAN (with newspaper) " Pliwat's this Oi see? Two yachts turned upside down ?" -Mrs. Grogan (in great_ excitement) : " Rade it, Ifoike. How many drowned ? " Mr. Grogan; Wait a bit, thin; it's moi mistake. Oi had the !paper oopside down." Or Two Evif.e.—First Guest: "Won't you join me in requesting Miss Squaller-- to recite? " tiecond Guest: "But I don't like recitations." First Guest: "Neither do L But if she doesn't :recite she'll sing." A STOCK EXCHANGE VlEw.—Frierid : "A bull, 'then, is an optimist and a bear is a pessimist?" Operator "1 should say a 'beat-is an 'optimistic pessimist. He thinks things are going to smash, and hopes to make money if they do." -

Mils. SMYTHE : "Before we were married you ;used to pretend that you liked to have me sit on :your lap for an entire evening." Smythe : " Yes ; -and you used to pretend that you prefeired to sit in a chair." WHAT HE LlED.—"What would you like for luncheon, Tommy ? " asked Tommy's mother, as they sat down in a department store restaurant. Ice cream," replied Tommy with a smile of an- " And what else ? " " More ice cream," said Tommy with a larger smile than before. " WILL you trust me, Fanny?" he cried pas- sionately grasping her hand. "With all my heart, Augustus, with all my soul, with all my- self," she whispered, nesting on his manly bosom. -" Would to goodness you. were my uncle," he -murmured to himself, and tenderly he took her in

. his arms. 'I AYI glad there are some honest people left. ;Two years ago I sent a boy around the cerner to buy a postal card. I have never seen the boy to this day." "You don't „call that boy honest?" "Yes, sir ! This morning I received t a postal card with this on the back,--' Dear Here is your postal. I started in business with the penny you gave me and have prospered. 'Thanks.'" His CURE. —" Don't you know it is very wrong to smoke, my boy?" said an old lady to a young- ster who was puffing a cheap cigar. "Oh, I smoke for my health," answered the boy saucily., "But you never' heard of a cure by 'smoking,' she continued presently. , "Oh yes, I did," per- sisted the boy, blowing a big cloud; "that's the Way they cure pigs !" "Smoke on, then," quickly replied the old lady; "there' is some hope for you yet?" "WILL you have oysters s" asked the man, lancing over the bill of fare. "Yes, .said the little short woman, as she tried in vain to touch the floor with her toes. "And, John, I want a haascek," John nodded, and as he gave his order to the waiter, he Said: "Yes, and 'bring a hassock for the lady." "One hassock?" asked the waiter, with what John thought more thaa ordinary interest, as he nodded in the affirmative. S till the waiter did not go, while his face got very red. Then be came round to John's side and, speaking sotto voce, said: "Say, mister, I haven't been here long, 'and I'm not up to all these thieT. Will the lady have the hassock broiled or r

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT. - Full value in sash or offer per return of vost.— R. D. &J. B. FRABER Lam.. Princes Street, Ipswich, the largest buyers in the world. Advt. „..ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL ATERs.—Advt. LAMBS BEST GULCH BO's AED SHO .4 "lilt THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREST.—Advt. Lay, rn, NSIOWICRi GROUND AND REPAIRED. Green ,Et.;;‘Zera Llways in stock•—J. S. GARLAZiD, Iron monger "0111 e-street Ward ngton.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESIDENT M‘KINLEY'S DEATH.

A Calm and Peaceful End.

Mr. M'liinley, President of the United States, died at Buff lo at a quarter-past two on Saturday morning, the English time being nearly half-past seven. The news came through very rapidly. De- tails of the closing scene show that the end came very quietly and peacefully. When Mr. APKinley felt that he was sinking he took farewell of Mrs. ArKinley and the others stand- ing around his bedside. He then looked round him, and his last words were, " Good-bye, all—all. Good-bye. It's God's way, and His will be done, not ours." Than evidently speaking to no one, tbe President said, " Nearer, my God, to Thee, e'en though it be a cross, is my cmstant prayer." Mr. /tPliinley then wandered in his p tiec b The following report of the autopsy has been issued by the physicians by whom it was made : Toe bullet which struck the President over the breast-bone did not pass through the skin, and did little harm. . . .

The other bullet, passed through both walls of the stomach near its lower border. Both holes were found to be perfectly closed by the 6titcheB,but the tissue around each hole had become gangrenous. After pa=sing through the stomach, the bullet passed into the back walls of abdomen, hitting and tearing the upper end of the kidney. This portion of the bullet track was also gangrenou.. the gan- grene involving the pancreas. The bullet has not yet been found. There was no sign of peritonitis or disease of other organs. There was no evidence of any attempt at repair on the part of Nature, and deatn resulted from the gangrene, which affected the stomach around the bullet wounds as well as the tissues around the further course of the bullet. Death was unavoidable by any surgical or medical treatment, and was the direct result of the bullet wound. .

Very many ms sages of sympathy have been sent to Mrs WKinley and to the American people from all parts of the world, King E iward, the German Emperor, and ether potentates having telegraphed their condolences. The English Court goes into mourning for a week. The New President.

Col. Roosevelt, the Vice-President, automaticaly suc- ceeds to the Presidency. He was hunting in the Adiron- dacks on Friday, but started for Buffalo on hearing of the critical condition of the President. He arrived some hours after Mr WKlnley's death, and in the afternoon he took the oath of his new ofil3e, in the presencs of the members of his Cabinet, whom be has asked to retain their offices for the present. Be announced that it would be his aim to continue absolutely unbroken the policy of Mr Rides, for the peace. prosperity, and honour of the United States. He is 43 years of age, and belongs to an aristocratic American family of Dutch origin. He is said ts be the first President of th 3 United States not of English or Scotch descent. The Assassin. True Bill against Czolgosz.

BUFFALO, SEPT. 16.

The grand jury has returned a true' bill against Cz^lgofz on the charge of murder in the first degree. Czolgo,z was to-day arraigned before the County Court. Be rqusod to plead. Mr Lorain L Lewis and Mr Robert C Titus, former Supreme Court Justices, have been appointed to defend the accused. When Cz-llgosz Wil3 being taken b ick to gaol the crowd surged about the police, who, however, succeeded in keeping them off, and in locking up the prisoner.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S SYMPATHY.

On receipt of the news of the death of President Mc- Kinley the Mayor of Warringtr n sent the following tele- gram to the American Ambassador:—"Choate, Ameri- can Minister, Lindon. Inhabitants of Warrington j3ln me in expression of deepest sympathy with American nation in present terrible disvress.— Kobel ts, Mayor, Warrington."

===== 0002601_19010920_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE CONDOLENCE.

At a meeting of the Conservative Cmnmittee of the Town Ball Ward. held in the committee room at the Conservative Club, on Monday evening, Councillor Smethurst. who presided, proposed a vote of condolence with Mrs McKinley and the American people in the loss they had sustained by the death of the President.—The motion was eccmded by Councillor A J Jolley, and carried.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEWS AT RUNCORN.

Early on Saturday 'notating word was flashed to Runcorn that President M'ilinley had breathed his last. Though the news was hardly unexpected, owing to the gloomy tone of the later bulletins, the announcement that the assassin's bullet had done its deadly work creat- ed a profound impression. It was not, however, until later in the day that the news became generally known, when an air of profound gloominess seemed to settle over the town. Flags floated at half mast and in several places the drawn blinds bore witness to the esteem with which the great American was regarded by his kinsmen. At the Runcorn Parish Church a mufti peal was rung and at the various places of worship on Sunday reference was made t the deceased statesman's memory. In connection with the Free Church Council a memorial service is to be held in which all the Non- conformist m.nisters will take part. Runcorn in com- pany with every town and bomlat in Eogland .ihares to the full the sorrow which has befallen America.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monthy before the business of the clue commenced Mr A R Norman, who occupied the chair supported by Mr W TimrninN said that he was sure that he was expressing not only the feeling of every member of the bench but also all con- nected with the court, and indeed every respectable citizen when he laid they, felt indignation and sorrow when they received the news of the terrible tragedy which had taken place across the water. So far as they knew the only crime President McKinley had committed, wen in the eyes of the das— tardly assassin, was that he was faithfully and honour- ably discharging duties to which it had pleased Go' to call him. They sympathised and mourned with their kinsmen at this terrible event. They must all pray that some means could be speedily brought into opera- tion whereby such an incident as this migtt be made impossible in the future. That was their hope and wish.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Local References.

References were made at most of ths churches and chare's in Warrington on Sunday to the lamented death of President M•Binley. At St Paul's Church, the flag on:tbe_tower _flew at half-mast. . _

At the ,Parish Church in the evenine, the Rector alluded to the President's death from which he drew four lessons. What an immense responsibility attached to our words and writings ! These poor wretched crea- tures were not to blame so mu:sh as those who made in- flammatory speeches and wrote books which worked upon the passions of men. The second lesson was that the event would tend to oromote a still greater union between the two great nations—England and America. 'There bad been occasions when our relations had been strained, but of late they had been veonr friendly, and he had beard that the late President's influence had len directed towards that end. That fact would make , England still more sympathetic with America. We were one race, one language, one relleion to a great extent. The next lesson was that Mr McKinley's career showed how it was possible for all to rise. Apparently he be- longed to the working-class, and was of bumble origin, but he raised himself to the highest mition in the States by his own ability. That might be done in Eng- land. end there was no position short of the Throne to which a man might not rise by ability ; and, therefore. 'what God wanted them to do was to make good use of their opportunities. The last lesson was that hel was A religious man and was not ashamed of his God and Church. They were told that be always attended his place of worship, and bow very few of the working- classes seemed to act in a similar manner. What a sad thing it was to think that a man spent his whole life pleasing himself, and vet at the last begged God to for- give him and to take him to heaven ! Let them try to love and live with God here and then they might live with him hereafter. References were made at St. Paul's Church by the Revs ER Tarbuck and L W Thomas, arid by the Rev E C E Carleton at Holy Trinity. The Vicar (Rev F E Powell). Preached in St. James Church'en the test : "Sot God forbid that I should Only save in the Cross of our Lord Jesus Christ." He WO the Cross manifested the Divin love, as nothing else did or could; its contemplation gave pardon. peace. and joy to the sinful and distressed it touched hearts sod changed lives, and deprived death of its terror The President of the great Republic, victim to a brutal assassin, found all this in the Cross of Christ, while the murderer, once an innocent lad, could never have com- mitted so foul a crime, had be clung to the teachieg 'of the Crucified. Our deepest sympathies went out to the great nation which we were proud to know among from carrying with It our institutions, our sense of free- dom, our faith in the Cross of ebrist. Tbe Rev T Bishop (superintendent of the Warrington Circuit) preached at the Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday eveaing from the words " Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man lane° this day in Israel." He said that they would expect him to say something that evening about that awful event—Presi- dent M'Kinley's death. The whole civilized world stood aghast, felt terrified,and vengeance was called for.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
IRE EXAMINER FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20 1901

In one short week they had a President assassinated, a weeping and invalid widow, a sorrowing nation, and a world in mourning. As a man ascended th 9 ladder of power, political, or social, he became mofe known, more watched and envied, and his lite almost ceaied to be private, his successes being minimiz -‘d and his failures exaggerated. He needed the ballast of prayer and must wait upon GA. The demands of business were so great nowadays that the danger was that reli- gion was shunted to let business go by. Prayer was either cut short or else forgotten. President M'Kinley was a Methodist, and a member of the Metropolitan Methodist Church, Washington. where also President Grant worshipped. He was regular in his attendance and loved a good sermon. When pleased he would say so, as he believed that encouragement never did harm to anyone. He was a good bearer, and was full of tenderness for little children. Many good stories were told which showed how dearly he luoed children. lie was elected by the suffrages of his people, not succeed- ing to his porition by hereditary right, and so had a greater claim on their love and sympathy. He had that love universally, for it was doubtful if another in that vast continent, with its enormous population of all peoples and languages could have been found to do such a miscreant's deed, and horrify the whole world by such aldastardly outrage. Precident M'Kinley was always fearless of danger ; he would never haven guard round him, because he so trusted others that it was impossible for him to believe than anyone would harm him. . .

Preaching at the Sankoy Bridges Wesleyan Church,nn Sunday morning, the Rev 0 II Hocken said i—Tne death of the President of the United States touches us as MethodiNts very closely, not only because Mr M•Kinley was the head of that great country united to us by the ties of blood, but also because he was a devoted rneinher of our own church and becaus 3 there are at present 300 distinguished American delegates of our Church now gathered in Conference in Wesley's Chapel, Llndon. This wanton outrage which has struck down, this noble man as Lincoln and Garfield were struck down, in a country which is the foremost exponent of freedom, fills us with horror and grief. We are smitten to the heart with our kinsmen. The Wesleyan Church is one of the chief connecting links of the Anglo-Saxon race, and nowhere are the bonds which connect us with the United States"stronger than among ourselves. We trust that this common sorrow will, under God, be the means of uniting our hearts still more closely, and we pray that the American peorle may he sustained and comforted in this great shock to their national life, and that Gel's special help and blessing may be given to the stricken widow, who is herself, in feeble health. We feel for them profound sympathy and unutterable sorrow. At the conclusion of the service the organist, Mr T Brong,h, played the Dead March in "Saul." Mr Hocken made a similar reference at the Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church In the evening, Mr Joseph Spruce, of Preston Brook, preached in the place lof the RP,i, C Finch at L igh Street Primitive Mathadist Church on Sunday morning. Before cominenchsg his sermon he alluded to the, terrible news which had been received from America on the preceding day. One of the great- est men of tie day had f alien, and by the hand of an assassin. Mr Spruce denounced anarchy and disorder, and said what a marvellous change would be effected if the principles of the Gospel were accepted and practised throughout the world. He felt sure that they all syinpathizsd with the American people in the disaster which bad befallen them and prayed that God would bless and comfort them.

The Rev Joint YONGE, in a brief reference at the morning service in Wycliffe Congregational Church where the annual harvest thanksgiving services were held on Sunday,said it might be a break in the harmnny of the service of thanksgiving and praise, but they could not pass without deeply sorrowful allusion to the terrible event that had plunged America into dismay and grief. When the news came that Pregident arl'llinley had been shot by an assassin a mighty thrill of horror passed through this and every other nation in the world. Relief was effected by the signs aff vied that the blow was not fatal. From day to day, the world had been hoping for the best, and fervent prayer had besought the life of the wounded President. But these hopes had been denied,and on the previous morn- ing this twice elected President breathed his last. It was singular and sad that he should be the third President of the United States who, in the lifetime of many of them had fallen by the hand of an assassin. Lincoln, Garfi.ld, M.Kinley—all good Christrian men, patriotic men, great men in character, in influence, in beneficence. Verily, tmerica had known her stupendous griefs, and Britain mourned by her side to-day. They prayed that the terribly stricken widow, herself in feeblest health, might be able to bear the impact of this blow, and that the be- reaved nation might be able to bear this grief avieli calmness and dignity, and be spared any outburst of violent vengeance against the assassin, or the men and women who had brought about this deed. "Vengeance. is mine ! I will repay, saith the Lord." The people of these realms did not forget America's sympathy in the national bereavement that befel us in January last. Our honoured Queen, who narrowly escaped like tragic fate mere tben OPCA in her long reign, died plac.fully In her bed. Our Sing himself not long since Immo,. ienced a narrow escape from assassination. The terrible experience, so far, had not befallen us, and we prayed it never would. But these things quickened and deepened our feeling for our kinsmen across the sea. and we mourned in their sorrow. God speed the day when such deeds shall become impossible by the uni- versal reign of the King of Love and the Prince of Peace. . . . . .

At the meeting of the Wycliffe P.S. A . Society, held under the chairmanship of Mr Thomas Wallington, a resolution of sympathy with Mrs MtKinley and the people of the United States was passed. The Rev John Young (president of the society) in the course of a brief reference to the event said he thought it would be a great mistake if a meeting of workingmen were suffered to pass by that day without special reference being made to the terrible and distressing event which had resulted in the death of the President of the United States. He felt sure that every Englishman, Scotsman, Welshman and Irishman who were seorthr of their country would sympathise with the Americans in tbe terrific blow which had crashed upon them. We did not forget how spontaneous and universal was the fe-ling displayed toward us by the American people at the beeinning of this year when we lost our beloved Sovereign Qieen Victoria. She was permitted to live a long life and sway the sceptre for many years. Narrowly herself escaping the hand of the assassin more than once, she came to the end of her long reign in peace. It had been given the American nation to sustain the loss of three Presidents cs ithin his (the speaker's) memory by the hand of the assassin. 16 was a terrible thing that in the land which was a home of freedom three Presidents elected by the people should be assassinated. He was sure they all protested against and abhorred such deeds, and he had therefore drawn up the following resolution for their approvol: "That this meeting of working men, mem- bers of the Wycliffe P.S. A. society, Warrington, Lanca- shire, desires to express its horror and detestation of the murderous deed by which the President of the United States hap perished at thelluatids of an assassin It repudiates with absolute bated all such sentiments as produce such deeds. It &wires Cr' express its pro- found sympathy with those who suffer in this calamity. the stricken and disconsolate widow, in her great physical infirmity and heart-reading grief, and the great people of the United States now called for the third time within living memory to mourn the violent death of their chosen President, Lincoln, Garfield, mtginley are names that will live in American history as those of men who faithfully and devotedly lived and died in the service of their country. May the God of all comfort uphold the mourning people, and may He speedily bring to an end all conditions and all doctrines which mar the peace of peoples and the welfare of the world." Two members of the brotherhood proposed and seconded the adoption of the resolution which was unanimously agreed to, all the members standing to signify their approysl. A copy of the resolution has since been sent to the American Ambassador in London. Rev J Yonge has rece veal the following telegram in reply :—"I thank you and the members of the W vcliffe Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Society, Warrington, fnr expressions of sympathy cmiveyed in their reso'utruin.— Choate, AMb issador."

merit, which had been brought about by the tragedy which had overtaken them. President 4M'Kinley was a thorough christian. BIM wife specially needed all their sympathy. Be hoped the time was not far distant when the organiz Won which prompted the dastardly deed would be swept away. BRUNSWICK SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN. At the close of the above school on Sunday, the superintendent, Mr T Simister, made a very touching reference to the death of the American President. Re aaid that the news that Mr MlKinley wag dead came as a great shock to him. toy ex:client things had been said &hod: him, but be had neer: chiefly struck by what had been eaid by nis pastor, who was at the (Ecumeni- cal Council in L mdoia. He had been everything in the Methodist Church except a local preacher, and he would doubtless have been one but tor his rn my duties. When le read the account of the President's death hewas deeply affecteJ, and he, in company with all present, deeply mourned with his dear wife, and the American people, in their sa.i bereavement. The hymn, which was the President's favmrite, had usquestionably made him live a more active life socially politically and religiously. As a mark of respect the school afterwards joined to singing:" Nearer my God to Thee."

Me doi he a

===== 0002601_19010920_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA CONGRLIATIONAL CHURCH.

Preaching at the above church on Sunday the Rev R Vietch, M A, Liverpool, deplored the death of President McKinley in appropriate terms. Their sympathy went out ne said to the American people at this period. In all the churches f England reterence would be made to the dreadful event which had taken place in the sad and sudden death of President M'Kiuley. He felt sure he was expressing the feelings of every one when he exprossed his horror at such a dastardly assassination and described if as one that would do no good at all but the reverse. The minister concluded his reference to the deceased states- man with a eulogy of his many virtues.--it the P.S.A. in connection with this church the Chairman, Mr J Hayes,after referring to the death of a sterling Christian askPd the congregation to join in singing the hymn which was on the President's lips when he died. The hymn " Nearer my God to Thee " was afterwards sung by the congregation.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
PRODSHAIS.

The news of the sad death of the President was received with great regret in this neighbourhood, and on Sunday special hymns were sung at the Parish Church, when the Vicar, the Rev H B Blogg, and the Rev R W Colston made touching refermce to the not le Christian life of the President. The org mist, Mr !libber% played the "Dead Mitch" on the organ.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON POINT.

At the Wesleyan Men's Bible Class, beldson Sunday, the leader, Mr H Dodd, referred to the death of the President arid said that what impressed him was the consistent Christian charac:er he had always exhibited. From his early days to the end of his cireer be never forgot he was a Christian. Be commenced by being a Sunday school teacher and ended with being a Sunday school sup-rintendent, and though holding the highest position possible for him to attain as President of the United S:ates he was at the same time a humble wor- shipper in one of their Methodist samtuaries. While the world at large deplored the cutting off of so noble a life they, as Methodists, mourned the death of a dear brother.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A GENEROUS WARRINGTON EMPLOYER. Handsome Gift by Mr. Fletcher.

The following is a bopy of a circular which has been addressed to the employes of Fletcher, Russell and Co., Ltd.:— It will be remembered be all the older employes that on our silver wedding day I invited all, with their wives and families, to an excursion, and on that occasion, which happened also to b the Queen's Jubilee, I pre- sented them with a new Jubilee shilling, many of which, I am pleased to note, are still preserved as watch pen- dants, k;:. The sum then expended was £5OO. We have grown since, and at Xmas next, as a memorial of my 30th year in connection with the gas industry, I shall have the pleasure of presenting the employes with the sum of £l,OOO in cash, to leg divided as specified. On the occasion of our silver wedding the employes made us a present ; may I ask, as s pernonat favour, that they will not repeat this, as I am quite aware of their good feeling without any demonstration, and Ido not desire that any money shall be spent in return. In my 30 years' experience I have met with nothing but the kindliest .feeling and the greatest possible help from everyone.not only when I was alone, but also up to the present time, and I take this oppor- tunity of expressing my thanks for their help to every- one, without exception, with whom I have been con- nected during the last 30 years. The menet will be divided as follows—£so privately arnonese a few for special reasons and services. £250 amongst for men, heads of departments, travellers, and under-foremen who have, by their own efforts, worked themselves into positions of trust, and who are responsible for work- men in their charge, according to their length of service ; one share for each completed year up to Xmas, 1901. £7OO amengst al; not included in the above, in the same manner and proportions, one share for each completed year of service. Youths under 21 years of age to have half shares. To prevent cis- appointment, it must be remembered that £7OO divided amongst 1,100 men will not leave a large aineunt each, but the oldeet hands,with whom I have been personally connected for many years, both at Warring on, Pendle• ton and London, will receive the larger benefit. None will participate who entered the service of the company after Xmas last. No men will receive leas than 53, and no youth less than 23. 6!. in any case. All in Warrington Pendleton, Manchester, and London will participate equally ; no preference will be shown. roe amount will be pail in cash on the pay day before Xmas next. Any fractions out of the £7OO under sixpence, or odd surplus, will be paid into the Workmen's Sick Club, which will, of course, be of (goal benefit, as it will reauce the necessary subscriptions. The above applies only to those who are actually employed by Fletcher Ruesell and Co., Le., at the date of the distribution, not to any who may leave their employment before that date, whose shares will go to the Sielt Fund.—rnoetes FLETCHER, September 13th, 1901. Needless to say Mr Pletcher's generosity is much ap- preciated.

A Lancashire Officer's Will. Lieutenant-Colonel Archibald W Clark, late of the South Lancashire Regiment, leaves ..E49,967. Death of Mrs. Thomas Robinson. The death took place on Monday, at her resid- ence a; Lyndhurst, Wooden 1 Park, Grassendale of Mrs Thomas Robinson. Elie vans the widow of the late Mr Robinsoa,who for many years was manager at the "Guardian" Office. The funeral took place on Thursday afternoon at Halewood Church, where the remains of the late Mr: Robinsoa are interred. Warrington Field Club. The last of the summer rambles in connection with this club was taken on Saturday,when Dale was visited, The party, wnich was led by Mr Madeley worked along the banks of the Wye towards Ghee Tor, There was not much insect life stirring, to the regret of the entomological section, though not to tha; of the rest of tne party. Lampy- ris nociiluca, the glow worm, was the most notable trophy in tne insect department. It was fairly common, and it seemed quite the fashion for these beetles to spend the day in snail shells. The gealogical features of the country were explained by Mr Madeley, an 4 the better to follow him the members heroically climbed up dizzy precipices, whence they could observe the various rock forma- ations and listen with literally breathless interest while he pbinted out the beauties of the landscape and explained how it had all happened. At Hobb's Hurst, Deepdale, a cave was inspected, which has recently been carefully explored and the various finds stored in the museum at guxton. From these it appears that the cave had been used in pre- hist3ric times as a dwelling, whilst during the Romano-British age it had been occupied as a shelter. The botanical sectioa of the party was exceptionally fortunate, securing many interesting and some rare plants. The weather was all that , could be desired, and the trip was thoroughly I enjoyed by all.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
PIMPLES

PREVENTED BY

Guam TSOAP

The most effective skin purifier and beautifier as weil as purest and sweetest, for toilet, bath, and nursery. It strikes at the cause of bad corn. nlexlon, red, rough hands, falling hair, mid baby blemishes, viz., the clogged, irritated, inflamed, averworked, or sluggish PORES. Al) Chembts. Price.lB..or pooptid by F. NEWBERT & SOX% London E. C. POTTEs & C. Coer., Sole Freya., Boni°le " Sow to 4.:,,re

===== 0002601_19010920_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PARISFI CHURCFI.

At the Parish Church, Runcorn, on Sunday, the belle rang muffled peals before each servics, in honour of the deceased statesman. At the commencement of the service, while the congregation were standing, the orranist, Mr F R Boraston nlayed the Dssd March. Ito " Saul "In an impressive silence. The Rev H B Firth said the loss was • loss sustalned by Eneland, as well as America. President M'Sinley and his people were bond to England with ties of affection. He (the minister), asked them to remember their 'American' kinsfolk on their prayers. Toe Vicar (the Rev Canon. Maitland Wood'', who preached at the evening service also commented on the assassination of the President He'said the murder ot an inoffensive man had shocked all the dtorid. Christian people had been praying to God for the recovery of the President, but it had been His will that be should die. He asked where was the result of these Crimes. Rings and Presidents had been killed but the world still went on, as able men stepped in their places.

ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. At the harvest festival of the above church, the Rev J B Foster at the morning Rorviee alluded to the untimely death of the American President, and said that the world was much poorer that morning because of President M.Kinley's death. A great nation ha._ lost one of the best administrators it ever bad. and the Methodist Church had lost one of her not I.st sons. President M'Hinley both in private and public life always exhibited that simple christian zharactor which was the best adornment of the Methodist Church. As he was passing away be tried to repeat his favourite P'.ymn, and so be ventured to ask his congregation to join in singing together as a tribute of affect,on to his memory "Nearer my God to Thee." The hymn was sung, the congregation standing, At the evening service the Rev A Wells, superintendent minister, said their sympathy was due to the people of America in their deep bereave-

===== 0002601_19010920_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
UONSCIENTIOUS 03JEC1ORS. Mr. Tanner Obtains an Exemption

Order.

At the Warrington Police Couit, on Tuesday. before Allerman Sutton (presiding) ad otner magistrates, Richard Tanner &gala made application br an order exempting his ctild from vaccination. It will be remembered that tits applicant fail( d to obtain an order last week. _ .

_ ...--.. In making the application Air Tanner said he did so from a conscientious standocint, as he believed Taccina- tion would be detrimental to the child. As he stated last week, he heard a paper read some years ago agaiust vaccination, and the proof 5745 so clear to his mind, that he was convinced that vaccination was detrimental to children. _ _ .

.. lhe Chairman You have heard that side of the question. Rave youever considered the good effects of vaccination _ .

Applicant said he had weighed up both sides of the quection PO far as he could hirnaelf, anl he had been waiting for two papers from medical gentlemen who were go,ng to present papers in favour of vaccination. They had not yet turned up, and he had come to the conclusion that vaccination wouhd be detrimental to his child. He should only be too pleased to hear the other side of the question. Dr Fox : We can't give you a 1-.cturp on it this morn- ing. Have you had any children vaccinated ? Applicant : I had one child vaccinated sn9l it is not now as healthy as the other three woo have not been vaccinated.

Alderman Shaw Green : From that you conclude that vaccination would be injurious to your child. Applicant replied in tne affirmative. . _ _ . .

The Chairma-n : I don't see how we can do anything but grant the order. Continuing he thought that it was rather strange. considering the thousands of cases in his experience where no injury had taken place after vaccination that the applicant should just put forward one or two cases be had heard of occasionally, where it was thought vaccination had caused the illness of chil- dren. However as that was the applicant's conscientious opinion they sranted the order. Dr Fos : We grant it because we have no alternative. " Didn't Believe in it." Application at the County Petty SessiOns.

At the Warrington County Petty Sion on on Wednes- day. Joseph Bradialry Woodhall made application for an exemption order. On being toked for the grounds of his ohjection to vaccination he replied " I don't believe in it.'

The Clerk : Can you give spy reasons ? Applicant : Ido not wish to state them. On being further queatinned applicant said he could not see that vaccination did children any good. The Chairman : Do you knnw of any children who have suffered in consequence ? Applicant replied in the affirmative. He added that he could not see that vaccination was of tiny value.. The Clerk : That is not a cnnsnientinua Would pm' sooner weir child died from small pox than run the risk of tieing vaccinated. Applicant : Yes. In face of this declaration the magistrates had no alternative but Co grant the application.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

The Infirmary. The Infirmary Committee announce that they will he pleased to receive vegetables from people who find they have a surplus of the same in their gardens. WITHOUT OPERATION I Diseases of the Visua' Organs cannot resist Mellor's New Treatment. If your sight is impaired write at once for free parrinhlet.— MELLon, 286, Oxford-street. Manchester. (4) —Advt. KITCHEN RANGES. Tile Grates, Marble an Wood Chimney pieces is. OAR/AM:0.51 tr. 55 Brldge-st—Ady. St. Luke's Young Men's Recreative Clubt The first social of the season in connection with this club was held in the schoolroom, Liverpool- road, when about 100 sat down Plan enjoyable tea After tea an interesting programme was gone through. Mr A Wright kindly accompanied on the piano. UNDER THE'CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. NEW AUTUMN JACKETS, Mantles and Dresses. Latest shams in Wvernroof Costa. and C3pas. Stormproof Coats a suseialitg.—W T WILLIAMS, Sankey Street and Leith Street Warrington. The Representation of Town Hall Ward. A meeting of the Conse-vative Committee of the Town Hall Virard was h-id in the nommittee room at the Conservative Club on Monday evening. Councillor Smethurst presided, and there were also present:—Councillors A J Jolley and Forshaw, and Messrs C Holland, George Jolley. Thomas Strettle (hon secretary), and others. On the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr Hughes a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Councillor Forshaw for his servic-s in the Council, and the determina- tion was evpressed to return him on the Ist November n.xt.—Councillor Forshaw, in reply. said it would always be a pleas- ure to him to do all he could to promote the wel- fare of his native town. He thanked the meeting for the support given him at the last election, and hoped he would receive simila. assistance at the forthcoming election —The Chairman proposed,and Mr Roberts seconded, a motion that the meeting ask Mr Forshaw to be the Conservative candidate for the ward at the fortheeming election.—Conn- cillor Forshaw assented. The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, who re- marked that be hai always taken an interest in politics and nothing could keep him out of them. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) P‘IBLIC 'MISFIT UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BES BO OTS IN LANCA stitnos.—Advt

BASSINHTTES AND MAILCARTi in latest Art Shades —J. S.D.A.RLAND.SI.. 53 and 55.11tidge-et. Warrlngton.—Advt The Volunteer Mounted Infantry Compan The members of the Mounted Infantry Company of the local Volunteer Battalion, spent a pleasant evening on Saturday, when the annual hot-pot supper and smoking concert took place at the Patten Arms Hotel. The company had paraded in the afternoon and been out to Hatton and Stretton. A."., the evening function there was a capital atten- dance of the members, and the colour-sergeants of all the companies were also present by invitation. The officers who attended were Major Rooms (adjutant), °await' C-nsfield (in command of the Mounted Infantry,) Ciptain Appleton. Captain Edelsten, Captain D Fairclough, Captain Smith and Lieutenants Avery, Ridgway and Williamson. Colour-Sergeant E A Connor presiled. It may be interesting to note that upon the formation of the company thirty names were received for member- ship. This number has been increased to BO when recruiting ceased four months ago. Since tha', time information has been received of the intention of the authorities to sanction an increase of strength , to 141, exclusive of transport. Recruiting will be again actively pursued,and it is to he hoped the com- pany will be brought up to the strength required. —Captain Crosfield in response to the toast of hie health, spoke in terms of warm apprelint;on of his men, and advised them to stick together and see that recruits were brought to the highest possible state of efficiency.—Major Boonie also referred to the efficiency of the company, and expressed an earnest desire that the wishes of the authorities might be anticipated by the strength being brought up to the required standard. He spoke in warm terms of praise of the hard work ungrudgingly done by the men, especially in camp, and said that although many of them were not accustomed to such rough and hard work they willingly Set about the taskond did it right well. The results reflected the greatest credit upon them.—k capital enter- tainment was submitted —Mr F Fieldhouse WAS heard to considerable advantage in the "Xeoman's Wedding,”and his voice also harmonized splendidly with that of Mr Ireland in the ever-welcome " Ex- celsior." Mr Ireland has long been one of our most acceptable tenors, and he was in capital form on this occasion in "The flight of ages" and" Mary" The drolleries of Mr J Era son were a unique feature of the entertainment, a popular itern,which caused considerable merriment, being " Heigh up, it's coming" Lieutenant Avery,who WAR accompanied Iw Captain Smith, in the singing of "The rejected Volunteer," was humour personified. He has an original and effective style, and in this and a second contribution afforded the greatest pleasure. A recitation by Private Freeman WAS heartily ap- plauded, and the humorous songs of Privates Finch and Starkey also proved very acceptable. Private Morris's pleasing baritone voice gave Pleasure in "I fear no foe." The accompanists were Private Finch and Mr J Kendrick. The" smoker " concluded with the singing of "God save the King." It wasvoted on all sides to have "en an unpalified success. IPROGRaMMES FOR SOIREES.

PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. •

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c. PROGRAMMES FOR B ARS. PROGRAMMES you SALES OF WORE. (‘ EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WRRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ORIOKEI.

We/intimTars v. MRSOkLY:. —rived at Erirdale on Satur- day with the following result:—

_ - BLEIKDA.LE. WARNINOI,OII. CT Trantum b Bibb.v If T Mawson ci Wylde b J Gibbon c Turner b Bibby Wilkinson lbw b Calvert 22 J A Briggs 13 Trantorn b H F Terry b Si!cock ........ 19 Wilkioson ....... CT S Swans b Gibbon J Turner lbw b Calvert 2 J Calvert b Goodwin-- _6 _ _ _

T R SeScdeld lbw b Calvert 1,6 ,7 IN Bibby b GoodwiL: 17 J Hamer b Gibbon 2 Mewl's o Wilton b Goo-1-

GoOdwir hileock b Celvert 0 win 8 RM Wileosb Gibbon ..... 6 W__6lBiienck c Trento:2e b _

if L Thorny not out ...... Q Goodwin ..... 4 J'ltompson c Schots,ld b.Wilkinson G Hampson not out G Allen b Goodwin Extras 6 Extras

Total... ..... 91. Total 64 BOWLING ANALTEIS. BIR/LDADZ. WARRINGTON.

0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. V. J. Gibbnn 11.0.1 0 26 3 Goodwin 9•2 4 23 8 J W Bibby ll 0 23 2 Wilkineni... 9 1 37 2 ... .. -..

vV Al SilcOck ... 9. 1 23 1

J Calvert .9 1 16 4

WARRINGTON 2ND V. BIRICDAYE 2ND.—Played ac Warring ton on Saturday. Score :

W•RRING7FON. 311RICDALE. C H Adamson c Whitworth Whitworth st Mathias b b King P B klawtin not out lOl Quinn b Bennett 0 H Schofield c Berry b I,itagerald b Crompton 1 Whitworth .. 57 Andrew b Bennett 11 Crompton not out 7 Berry Bennett Lord b Bennett 9 Turner c and b Bennett 0 Park 0 Bennett k. Cromp- ton W Tr•ntom c and b Bennett 0 King at MatlMas b • Bennett 0 Trantom not out l4 extras l3 lextras 7

Total *lB2 Total "Innings declared closed.

BIRLFATOWN V LITISE LEVER.—This WAS the last fixture on the Harlestown card. Ras was the best win the home club has made during the summer. The bowling of Alderson and Davies was most destructive and Lli,tle Lever could Oct with. stand the attack Score :

EA.I2LEBTOWN. LI mix LEPER, G Husband b H Feather 3O J Livesay b 0 b Redden W H Crowther run out 8 /4 11 Feather b Aldereon 0 R A Robinson b H Feather 23 Street b Alderson ...... 0 W Rylance b H Feather 0 T Makin b Alderson 2 J H Alderson c H Feather b H H Feather b Davies ... Smith W Jenkinson is H Feather 3 W Smith run out ..... 1 C W Emmett not out l4 T &holes not out H Davies is H Feather G Leigh lbw is Smith 7 W Crowther is Davies W Harrison b Smith Hsi ras l5 Extras lB

Total 107 Total 3B Alderson took 4 wickets tor 12 runs and Davies tooif, 5 wickets for 8.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET BETTING. Bookmakers Fined at Warrington.

The Chief Constable's Warning.

Four street betting prosecutions occupied the atten- tion ot the magistrates at the Warrington Police Court ron Monday. In the first case, William Parker, a young man, residing at 38. Ashton-street. was summoned for having on the 27th August and 11th September, and I other dates, frequented Winwick-street for betting pur— poses contrary to the bylaws. Defendant pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable said the defendant was one of the numerous bookmakers standing about near the cab stand at Central Station, and making a shield of the cabs:tock slips and sums of money from anybody—men, women, and children. The result was that a fat living was made on the foolishness of the lower labouring classes. 'the present defendant was the son of Thomas I Parker, the defendant in the next case and that case was aggravated by the fact that the father was bringing his son up to tai! nefarious calling. The defendant In the present case was watched from August 27th to Sep— , tember 11th by the police. On August 31st he was watched for an hour and a half and 33 bets were made and sums of money taken from working people. On septem her 3rd there were nine bets, snd on September 4th, 22 bets. On the 10:h there were six bets, including the net of a gentleman, he (the Chief Constable) had sent there to bet. Oa another occasion there were 27 bets. He could bring two cases against the defendant of bets made by a friend of the police, but he was not going to give him away. The defendant had been erect- taming the angel of the police unawares. The defend-- ant bad been t-peatedly warned. On Friday he (Mr Talbot) almost drove him away with blows; be had great difficulty in restraicing himself, as defendant was betting so boldly in Winwick-street. It was nothing short of a rublic scandal. The bookmakers had become so Impudent that if the police had not taken the matter up he should not be surprised if they petitioned the Cor— poration to put up stands for their convenience. The defendant was very short-sighted, and paid men to spot ' a policeman wherever he appeared. Several corner boys vetted up the crumbs from the rich men'a tables in this way.. _

- The Bench reserved their decision until they had heard the other cases.

Thomas Parker, father of the last witness. was then rged with a similar offence.

The Chief Constablo said the defendaat was one of the &del: arid most inveterate street book-makers in the town. Reused to be a docent cabman before be became a bookmaker. Oa Friday afternoon he (Mr Talbot) was pasoing down the street when he saw a youth 18 years of are go up to the defendant, and hand him something. He (the Chief Constable) asked for the slip and told the defeudant he had been netting again. The man hesitated, and be (Mr Talbot) replied that he would not have this street hotting, and that defendant would be proceeded against. "All right," was the reply, "I am very sorry." The slip taken frord the defendant and now produced referred to a horse that ran at the Doncaster meeting. 11 Harry Green, a youth living at 19 Greenall-street was the next defendant. He pleaded not guilty.

The Chief Constable said thia wag the atronerat case of the four. Defendant's father was a bookmaker, in fact the Green's were a family of bookmakers. P C Clough was called and ssid he had watched the defendant for BOMA time Daft. On AtIYURP 31st he saw Gr.sen take 31 bets, on September 3rd, 17; September 4th, 12 ; Saptember 5h,15 ; September 11th, 10; See- temb.r 12*.h, 17! The bets were made near the cab- men's shelter and about Me•srs Clare and Ridgway's gate. 01 numerous occasions he had seen men take slips of paper and money pass. The bookmakers had sc)uts and whenever a policeman appeared the offen- ders went off in the direction of Town's end.

The Chief Constable explained that the officer nceu- ! pie,d a coign of vantage from which he could see but not he seen. Be was sorry to have to say that almost all the cabmen were accomplices with regard to the pre- sent offences. Defendant although pleading not guilty had nothing to say, and the Chief Constable said that 'he reason for his plea was because he wanted the gentleman who made loots for the police to b. nailed into the boy. The last case was against George Green, of 78, Legh street, who pleaded guilty. The Chief Cdnstab!e sail that a gentleman in court who had a place of business in Foundry-street, had seen the defendant any day during the past few months wa.laying men coming from the forge and getting their hard-earned money from them in small bets. On the 13th September the defendant was seen to accept two bets. P.C. Clough went to him and told the man he was betting. Be said "I am not" but afterwards he said that he was doing so for Parker and he thereupon handed to him the slips now produced. The officer took the defendant to the Bridewell, and there in the pres- ence of the Chief Inspector he said "I may as well own Ur. I was doing it for Parker." Superintendent Monaghan said he knew all the defendants. George Green had been betting for twelve months. He bad not noticed Harry Green before this season. The other defendants had been betting for years. The elder Parker had been driven away frum the station many times. The Cnief Constable said he know a large number of the clients of these men. H. had refrained from prose- cuting them because it'had not been donein other places with the exception of one place but if the decision of the Bench that morning failed to have the desired effect in checking street betting he intended to take a I new departure for Warrington and prosecute the clients and give the names the publicity they did not desire. I The" touts " who assisted them would also be pro- ceeded against. - .

The Chairman said the Bench were very sorry they could not punish Parker, the principal rff-nder, any more than the other defendants, but he bad no doubt the Chirf Constable would be equal that. Each of th- defendants wculd be fined £5 and costa.

The Chief Cnnctable • I should like the bonkmakets to know that if they ask for war, war it shall be.

A. Domn BEGGAEL—Travellers through Barnstaple Junction have noticed the wisdom of a horse which spends its days in shunting. The animal, the story runs, thrusts its bead in at the window, and mutely appeals for eatables. When nff duty it attends on all , carriaees, and receives buns. biscuits. AV.., most thank- fully. The horse meanders slowly from carriage to ' carriage, but the moment the train is off stands stock still until it is out ot the sration. A large grind-stone,sfc, 61n in diameter.burst asunder on Tuesday, at the foundry of Messrs Steele and Gar- land,stove-grate manulacturrrs.WorksoP. Great pieces of the stone were burled in several directions, and three men—all belonging to Sheffield, where the firm have other woiks—were so injured that they had to be removed to the Victoria Hospital.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3

===== 0002601_19010920_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! SEEDS !! ! FOR

VEGETABLE, FLOWER AND FARM

SEND TO STARK EY AND MORRISON, GOLDLN SQUARE, WARRINGTON.

CATALOGUES FLEE By POET.

BEER. SAVE A LIFE AND SEND I. P.O. ANTI-ARSENICAL PILLS, CAWLMA CO.. SHEFFIELD.

1 0 WLE'S I.JHLORODYNE . Renowned or COUGHS TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE consumption. r, • BUONCHITIS. OWLE'S CHLORODYNE Asthma, NF LUNNZA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE DISAPII=BA, TOWLE S CHLOROD YNE 4 doses for Rs.

ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72s SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. BLECTHIC LIGHTII% A SPRCIALITIC

DELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

V iULIXS, ISU W 11 C

MANDOLINES, GUITAR % BANJOS. QTRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branolses.

JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN HAKIM AND REPAIRER.. (Pupil of G. A. Cannot), 67. RENSHAW-STREET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

W. HODGKINSON LIEITED

CLEARANCE SALE

===== 0002601_19010920_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
DURING NEXT WEEK SOME VERY

SPECIAL LOTS,

WILL BE fOFFBRED IN

ALL DEPARTMENTS,

46, AND 4S, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOE ALL DISEASS OF rukc BLOOD. CLEANSES the system from all impurities. CURES PIMPLES ON ME FACE.

CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SOURVT AND SCROFULOUS SORBS.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL.

Messrs. BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a ttstimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered trona a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had been In the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to giro it a trial, and I only think it fair that I Should state to those who like myself have to Study economy. that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that. does what it professes to do.

(Biped) a. P. SOLOMON.

PRICES Is. AND is. 9J. PER BOTTLE.

SULPHUR TABLETS

===== 0002601_19010920_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAIN ALL THE VIRTUES OP THAT

OLD FASHIONED REMEDY.

PRICES 6D. AND 11D. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually sold.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPOUND

SARSAPARILLA PACK Eas,

Comp()Jed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacum Wood, 2dezereon Root. Licorice, tc.

8n PER PACKET.

Makes one qu rt. Full (Erections enclosed.

BOOTS VARNISH STAINS.

Give a Brilliant polish In Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, &o. wattling win Varnishing Woodwork at one oparation.

Usual 6d sin for 4f1., ls size for 13d.. 21 61 51z1 for ls 51 per bottle.

FURNITURE CREAM. Gives a brilliant gloss ta all kinds of Mahogany ana Fiench-polished Furniture with half the usual. labour.. Guaranteed not to show finger mares. 61 battle for 4d., Is. bottle for 7d.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUS S WICK BLACK.

Will make Itonwork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine ot patent leather boots doea to a weli arenaect woman.

6. size for 4d.

MORGAN'S GgLu PAINT.

As used by Cab.net Makers, Gliders and Decors tors. Has the original brightness of G Ad, easy of application, and unrivalted in appearance.

Boots reduced price, is. bottle for 7.

UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH.

BOOTS BRASS PASTir OR METAL POLISH will clean every kind of Mew, Brass, Steel or Iron, and is invaluable in household use. 'irisl size, usual 2.1. for Id. is. tins for 44.

WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY

AMMONIA.

Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver, crockery,pnirrors,windows„cut glass, but especially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains. dke., from wash-boards and floors. It is also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. Is. bottle for Iod., small trial size 6d.

- HAT VARNISHES.

Before the great picture exhibition* in London open, comes a day which artists call varnishing day. The nimble fingers ot our girl workers have also their varnishing day, when thee varnish last season's bat to do anbther turn—Boots Hat Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted coiours are the best for this purose. Price 4id per bottle.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

LARGEST, BEST, AND CREAPBST.

35. BRIDGE-STREET 5, BRIDGE-STREET IWARRIKGT°N•

===== 0002601_19010920_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• I 1 9 , f< • ' 1

===== 0002601_19010920_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt 44 Opmtntr gurus

T" ~WARRINGTON AND MIL-CRESHLRB REARLVER." pabashed every Saturday morning. T""EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. Tii "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINEE," published every Friday morning. TEE " WIDNES ExAmri -Es," published every Friday morning.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVB HX.A.MINEELi.

WANTEDS. TO BB LETS 1.8 WORDS 6D., ON SALES. 3 And 31 for each succeeding 9 words The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- w- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED MOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET MOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANgorS WANT! ARTICLES POUND MLSCELLANEOUS SALES

===== 0002601_19010920_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Domtstir gurbantO, dr.

WANTED. Good GENERAL Servant.—Bnocsowx'a, Black Horse. Fan:swarth. Widnes.

WANTRD WARDMaII) at once, Wages £l4.—Apply MATRON, Fever Hospital, Warrington.

WANTED. Good GENERAL SERVANT. CLAREACE Ina, Slater-street, oft Oldham-road. Manchester,

117 ANTED an Bxperienced WAIT RE SS, used to table good wages.—Doo AIM PARTRIDGE HOTEL, Wigan.

WANTED Good GIiNBITAL, able to wash; good home; state wages and reference,—Asawoon, South-avenue, Buxton.

WASTBD at ONCE a good MINIMAL 13HHVANT.— Apply MRS. TILLEY, KIMBERLEY MOUNT, Colwyn Bay.

WANTED, 110UsliMAID-WAITEESS, small family ; wages £2O to £22.—Misa kluneori, 19, irlam-street, Warrington.

WASTED a thoroughly good COOK, for small family; wages £3O per year; no kitehenmaid.—Apply MISS HUDSON, 19, Irlam-atreet, Warrington.

WANTED, Young WOMAN, for farm ; must be able tO mllk.—Tnoress Ontag, Great Oak Farm, The Oaks, near Bolton.

WANTED, GIRL (respectable, strong) as General SEII- VALET ; early riser:—Apply, HUYToN-LANE FAR(, kluyton, Liverpool. ATANTBD, GENERAL for small family, one able to wrist) and do plain COOking.—Addreas 63, QUEEN'S-ROAD, Everton, Liverpool.

• WANTED COOK-GRNBILELL for one lady, comfortable situation, wages £l6 to £lB.—Mc s HUDSON. 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED. Respectable GIRL. for house work : country girl preferred ; good character.—CoiLms, Walmereley ROEO, Bury.

WANTED, 9ENERAL S BRYANT comfortable borne fare pald;age 25 or uowarde.—Monno.l7B St. George's road, Bolton, L .ncashlre.

WANTED General SERVANT; family four adults; with references, no washing, wages £lB to commence.-2 ADDIBON-VILLAS, Timperley.

WANTED, PLAIN COOK and MUM:UM-WAIT- IIESb ; email family Oheallire.—Addreas O. H., Igaaatlaaft" OFFICE. Warrington.

• A GOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVAIik, ./1. write or call to Bliss HARRISON, 8. Oldham-atreet, Manchester. Established 1862.

U? ANTED, GENERAL 17 to 20, good character required, 143u5emaid kept. no children.—kfra Pouxtoan, 24, Scariebrick New Road, Southport.

WANTBD, good GICNERAL for small family; plain cook- ing; Protestant ; wages £l4 to £I6.—LYNDALE. W astern-drive, Gralsendele, Liverpool.

MT ANTED, GBEERALS and GIRLS, best places ; excel lent wages.—Call or write to Miss E.t.ittsteor, 6 Oldham-street, Manchester, Establiehed 1862.

NVANTED, COOK and HOUSEMAID; situation near Warrington ; references required ; £lB and £l7. Mrs. JOHNS DN, 8, Marson-street, Warrington,

eIOOK HOUSEKIIICPBR, thorough experlenctd. wants ‘..J situation; temporary or permanent; good references. —Apply Mrs. H. BENNETT, Lane lind,Bnokley near Chester.

WAriTHD HESS , HOUSEMAID-WALT : excelient situa- tion near Warrington ; wages £l6 to £lB.—Miss Ilunsorr, Registry. 19, Irlana-street. Warrington.

%STARTED COOKS. HOUSEMAIDS, WAITRESSES, for Manchester ; excellent wages; call or wlite to Miss HARRISON. 6. Old ham-Areet. Manchester. Establisher' 1862

I ADY GOLNCI•ADfLOAD this Autumn would go as useful Companion ; take charge of, children. etc. ; highest reiereuees.-3A SMITHDOwN-R0.4 D. Sefton Park, Liverpool.

WANTED immediately COOK-GENERAL, small another maid kept ; good wages to strong,experienoed girl.—Mrs JoNks. 10, Cheltenham-avenue, baton Park, Liverpool. SEAVANTS SHAVANTS ! SEttVANTS 1 100 Immediately ous Cooks. Hemaid., Nurses. Waitresses. Ritchenmaids, Oener,ls.—Apply with stamp,Gauktimeaownhili lieglstry. Wrexham.

WANTED good plain COOK, two in family, wages £24, no waablng, comfortable situation.—Apply Mists idunsoN, 19, learn-street, Warengton.

WANTED, kituation as HOUSKKEEPHR to gentleman, good cook. economical, abstainer, thoroughly com- petent. Highest ref ereuces.-355, SMITHDOWN-ROAD, dot ton Park, Liverpool.

IUXPEItIENCBD male and Female NURSES et a 1:4 moment's notice tor all cases.--ispply NURSES Irrsiiru- TIMV, 70, tiope.street, Liverpool. Telephone 570, Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

===== 0002601_19010920_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Enanttb.

WANTBD ERRAND BOY. age 14, wage ss.—Apply " EXAMINEk " °Prim Warrington.

IVAN TED.two good CANVASSERS for Investment Bonds —Apply Box 18, " Examiner " Offise, Warrington.

lEDGINGS for two respectable MEN ; ressonable terms. I —Apply 70, BOLD-STREFT, Chorlton-road, Mancheeter.

CONPROTIONBRY.—Wanted Sharp GIRs... not under 15 as apprentice. live in, good home.—H. WALMSLEY, Bradshawgate, Bolton.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated 1843, £2 given: also Arctic; Red River, Firket. Atbara, Matabele,llashona.Felaisn Raid, U.—Major TOMBS, Droltwich.

t GENTS WANTIin to sell Hardware. Jewellery, Furnl- ilt tuna. Clothing, goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue free.—BERRIDGE AND CO., (102), Birmingham.

GARDSITER WANTED.—Handy man preferred if wife can take Laundry Work of small family ; Lodge found. —Address L. F., " Examutun " OFFICC. Warrington.

Ea be let.

PENKETH.—Cottarres 44 Od.. 3s. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET, rent 48. 3d Apply ROBERT LoWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War. rington. Telepbone—No SS.

TO LET.- COTTAGE, Hoyle-street. rest 3s. 6d.—Apply J. WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Norsetnarket-street, War- rington.

/TO LET, GOOD SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, 2 entertain- ing. 4 bedrooma. baths, etc.—Apply 37, ORFORD-ROAD, Padgate-lane. Warrington.

Fro LET, STABLE and COACHHOUBS. with lofts over large yard attached off Tanneraane.—AW7 WOODS & Sov ,Solicitore, 55, ilorsemarketstreet, Warrington.

HARDIE, LTD.

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.

In the course of a few weeks' time Mr R Haidie. the managing director of Emilie, Ltd, Cycle Manufacturers and Agenta,of Berry-street,Liverpool ; 182 Grange-road, birkenhead ; and 116 Brightou-street, e.eacombe, will start for his annual visit to

THE CAPE, and, as has been his custom in past years, he will, prior to leaving England, dispose of,at exceedingly low rates,

EIGHT HUNDRED SHOP SOILED CYCLES.

This Clearance Sale will only be in operation between now and the time of Mr Hardie' dßparture,and persons desirous of obtaining, at unusually law rates, sound cycles, the manufacture of reputable firms, and fully guaranteed, should call at one of the depots of Hardie Limited. AT ONCE.

To put off the visit for a week or two may result in the would-be purchaser being TOO LATE. Among the machines to be disposed of are : RALEIGHS, SINGERS, OSMONDS,

Bardies, and many other high-class and well known ucles, one hundred of which are offered at

£.4 EACH.

NOTE —At the Company's shop in Berry-street Liverpool. Mr Hardie can be seen personally any time between 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. Advt.

Itottlo, ttporos, Zoarbing 05tabl.

COLWYN BAY.—Gilbertville Boarding-house, facing sea, centrally situated.—Mrs. JORDAN, Proprietress.

-PLACKPOOL. —MII3B SADLER, Albion House, 7, Kirkby- road,J South whore ; comfortable apartments; minute from sea.

BLACKPOOL.—Nrs. OWEN, Bewley House, Lord-street, North Shore. Close to Station. Trams, and Sea. (Late of Bewsey-road, Warrington.

A PARTMSNTS.—Two SITTING-ROOMS. centrally altua- .l3„ ted between the two bays.—Mrs. BRIGGS, Claremont Crescent, 64, Castle-road, Scarborough,

BLACKPOOL.-9uperlor House. with or without board Buffs, Foresters, and all made most weleome.—Send for circular; PALMER, 93, Albert-road.

DOUGLAS, Isle of EIan,AIRS BA lIFORD, Trafford House, 11, Empress Drive, APABTHENTS with or without board, near to shore and bathing ground.

&Units, Zusintszeis, etc.

QWMETS, Minerals, Ice Cream, Tobacco, &a.; good reasons K. 7 for leaving.-38. DUDLET-ST,, Hightown, Mtnchester EAZHER and GIIINDICRY, Old Bstablistied. Nor nALM .LA 48, CHESTER-ROAD, Manchester.

CP SALK a good Saddlery and Harneia BUSlNBSS.—Par- ticulars, apply 14, St BEDE'S-AVENUE, Blackpool.

TO BE LET. POULTRY FARB.— For Sale. Fowl-houses, .1 Greenhouses. Stcck, acc.—Apply W. DOMVILLE, Grey- atone-road, Penketh.

IUISH. CHIPS, and TRIPE BUSINESS for Disposal, nice 12 fitting, good living, main thoroughfare £M.-294, REGENT-ROAD, Salford.

OUTLERY and IRONMONGERY BUSINESS for Disposal, 1._.) in good growing neighbourhood.-120, CONRAN-BTREET. Harpurhey, Manchester.

,fiC4 ait.Lt2, Ylzkl, (tame sad Ureengrocery .131.1a1.20535; in l_l one of the beet parts of Rochdaie.—Addreass Box 25, 'ExAMINER" OFFICE, Warrington.

OGG-SSTABLIeHED Chip. Ptah, and Green Pea Stud nets for Sale good. genuine business ; buyer taught. —Apply 80, A MEL-STREET

JONN WALKER AND CO., .E.df XAMINER PRINTING WORRF4, BEWSEY-STBEET, WARRINGTON.

PHOUGHAM, LANDAU, dubel, single harness In good 11 condition cheap.—SEAHLE. Old Hall-road, Sale, Man- chester.

g\ P( FRONTED HANSOM, and beeond-hand STAND V COACH .—Apply at JAMES OBBoRNIAT, 76, North-street, Cheatham, Manchester.

Cptle.

'barn.

SEioncp.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ebutatton.

-BIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTI3POUT.—A most succes ful Boarding bellool for Boys. T DMERWOOD, M.A.. LL D., D.C,L.

THE EXAMINER, FRID 3, Y. SEPTEMBER 20 1901

===== 0002601_19010920_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Ralts IT Dribatt Erearp

D, RESSMAHERS.—Send for samples of the latest Novelty in Waveitedge Velvet Ribbons.-16, HOLBORN VIADUCT, London, B.C. Room 26. Quote paper.

DELICIOUb.

RED WHITE & BLUE COFFEE.

For Breakfast and after Dinner. SOLD EVESYWHERE.

NATANTRD A GENERAL, about 18, for small famlly, wagea £l4.—Apply 9, BtxtFolursosp, Dldabary, Manchester.

CADBURY'S Coce. is highly nourishing and easily digested, repairing waste and preserving health, It is absolutely pure and untampered with, being entirely free from drugs, alkalies, or any admixture. CADBURY'S is a perfect food, suitable for all ages and all seasons of the year, (1)

Le .Roi est iitort:vive The New President. de Roi! is the cry of

the Republican demo- cracy, no less than that of the people under the monarchies of the world. It is the irony of fate, as represented by the American Constitution,that the successor to the late President of the United States is a mere nominee. COLONEL ROOSEVELT stepped into the Presidential chair as soon as it be- came vacant, ipse facto, just as KING EDWARD succeeded his Royal mother. He will occupy the chair for about three and a-half years, in a country that boasts of the necessity of a democratic elec- tion of its Chief Ruler every fourth year. 119 occupies his position untrammelled by " ticket or "platform," and free to carry out whatever policy he may consider it wise to adopt. So much are men the sport of circumstances, and the irony of the position is enhanced by the fact that this curious anomaly has been brought into &feet by the hand of the assassin. But PRESIDENT BooszvELT is not unknown to the American people. By the excellent process by which men of probity and sterling merit make their way to the front in the Republic, by dint of good service, he is practically as much the nominee of the American people as was his predecessor. Afe was, and is, a popnlar hero; and, as a matter of fact, was very nearly being run in opposition to Mr. MCKINLEY as a candidate for the Presidency at the last election. The reins of State may therefore be leik safely in his hands, and what- ever variations he may introduce into what was believed to be the intended policy of the late President, there is a strong chance in favour of its being in the direction of benefit to his country. He is the youngest President the United States has ev.er had, being but forty-seven yeArs of age ; but he has a record of work' accomplished which might have sufficed for many an older man. He is described as a pugnaoious Jingo. But this des- cription is scarcely fair or accurate. He is pug- nacious only in the sense of being independent in his judgment ; the determined enemy of wire pullers, and possessed of the strong, force- ful character which indicates the natural leader of men. It will strike Britishers as a little curious that a man bearing a name so unmistakably Dutch should be charged with Jingoism ; but it will probably be found that his policy amounts to that " same Imperialism " which is coming into vogue now, and is really what is essential in the Government of every im- portant State. Some Continental critics brand him as a " Tammany tool" ; but nothing could be further from the truth. Two years of the best service he rendered to his country were spent in a splendid effort to purify police administration in the State of New York. Previously, from the very ontset of his career, he had been a determin ed opponent of Municipal corruption, against 1 which he made a consistent fight for fifteen years, and heis the ; one opponent who is feared by the Tammany ring, who are probably the authors of the stories about his pugnacity. He is a spldier indeed. But he adopted the profession under the stress of circumstances and at the call of duty. It was indeed a call for which his strong, well- developed physique, and excellent animal spirits well fitted him. But he is a man of culture, eilu- cation and literary refinement. His wars have been wars against dishonesty,tyranny,and injustice. If he carries the same admirable qualities into the fulfilment of the new duties of his high office, as he has shown in other departments of public life, his country has nothing to fear from him; neither has the cause of civilisation and just government in the world at large.

The 39321351173 . The LateKinley President has eventually done Mc. its work, and WIILIA-Nt MCKINLEN has passed to the higher life. His last words will be memorable, breathing the spirit of resignatien in beautiful puritan simplicity : "It is God's way. His will be done." _lt was gi fitting good-bye, as worthy of a fallen Caesar as of the head of a great Commonwealth. It recalls the youthful training in his father's home, for he inherited the spiritual qualities of the Scottish Covenanter. Like the most of America's Presi- dents, MolcaNLay had known much struggle hab his early days. His father, though an iron - master, was a pioneer of the industrY7 and had much to contend against in the struggle for existence. Like the typical Scots- man he was, he had an ambition to give his son a good education ;. and when the younger McKINLEv showed a talent for the study of law it. , became apparent that he would make a career for himself. Previous to his coming to the Presiden- tial chair—for which he was in his second term- he was chiefly known as the leader of the Prot tionist policy, with which the Republican party i the States identified itself. Brought up in th atmosphere of the capitalists his sympathies were naturally with the manufacturing class, and his political economy was based upon the necessity of developing native industries in a. new country. Recollecting how his father had been handicapped in the beginning of an industry by the superior advantages of old-established concerns in older countries, his logical mind led him to the vieW that the only chance of developing home industries in America was to be obtained by giving equalis- ing advantages to home manufacturers. True,these countervailing duties entailed a sacrifice on the part of the purchasing public; but he persuaded himself—and for the most part he succeeded in persuading others—that this sacrifice would be made good in the form of increased wages which meant increased purchasing power for the , people. Perhaps he did not see far enough, or, if he did, he had no objection to the apparent fact that the greater part of the advantage of a high import tariff found its way to the employer, while , high wages attracted workmen from all the nations of the world; so that. in dealing with the labour market the capitalists had it practically their owe way. This experience acted as an intermittent check on the high tariff policy until the Free Sil- ver policy brought forward by BRYAN landed MCKINLEY on the crest of the wave as a champion of a gold standard. During the President's regime his policy had full play, and the result,frote the capitalists' n&int of view, has been a prodig ions success. Such success, however, has a tend- ency to bring its own nemesis. Between the tyranny of Trusts, which it fostered, and the misery and poverty of workmen, whom it did not k, help, a strong spirit of antagonism had arisen , throughout the country; and Mr. McKirmxY, his last public appearances showed that the time had come for a reconsideration of the position. What would have resulted it is difficult to conjec- ture, for the solution has been left to other hands.-

bullet

Leaders of the iron industry will be greatlY interested in an experiment which is being mad° in Norway with a process of extraction devised by Edison. The famous American inventor, who has already laid not one but all branches of commerce under a deep obligation, has discovered that mag- netism could be employed with advantage in the treatment of ores,, particularly those of lower grades; and the retult is the invention of " eziag,.; netic separators," successive sets of which used in this process to extract the iron 114.1"1,7" tidies. The trial will be made by a Britscompany, which has completed a contract W",lif the Norwegian Government for the working 0, the Dunderland iron deposits, and in two years time the preparations will, it is understood, b? complete. The Swedish ironmasters, we iire tolck are sceptical as to the success of the undertaking but of what new processes have rivals who follow older methods prophesied anything but evil ? The issue, it may be said, is of special interest to this country, not only because of the possible applic- ability of the process to our own industry, also on account of the, possibility, of the working of low grade ores bringing in a cheap and valu- able supply of rnetaLto British ironworkers. It may also have a favourable effect upon Swedish trade, which the latest Consular reports shew to be sadly in need of stimulation from some source or other. Commerce in Norway and Swede° suffers greatly at the present moment in gym' pathy with that of Germany, and the iron trade i 5 mentioned as one in which the severest depression exists.

Mr. A. G. Hales, the war correspondent, pride' himself on his plain Saxon. Criticising the Ger- man Army rnameuvres which the Kaiser arranged' in honour of the Czar,he is mercilessly brief. The Germans, he says, wonder why we have not Nvo4' South Africa in two years. Judging by their per- formance at Dantzic, they would not win in couple of centuries. It is because the Kaiser le sufficiently a practical soldier to realise the di& culties of the art that he has taken such a favour." able view of onr campaign, and gone out of hie way to do Lord Roberts honour. It is quite pes; sible that the forces at our command have ne' been utilised to the best ads antage, because the organisation at the War Office was not equal to tbe task of coping with such a huge task. There is Ll° doubt about the miscalculation in the first instance' But in the field our men have done exceedingl9 well against born soldiers; and if the theories of the Germans were put to the practical test, 010 would probably sutler quite as many surprises II our men did. The war has made the reputation el' some soldiers. General French, for instance, WO obscure until this war began. It has damaged the fame of others, but it is pleasant to notice thaV several who suffered the sharpest criticism in the,. early stages have worked their redemption. Lpro Methuen. is one of these. It is said that the Kale° was so vexed with the display at Dantzic that he addressed some biting remarks to those concerned; It is to be hoped not, for he did not like General von Waldersee's strictures of his own commal?' years ago; and, in fact, is said to have treated Ill° ungenerously for a time on that account.

Four Warrington bookmakers had a bad quarter of an hour at the County Borough Police Cou'" 4 on Monday. They had been engaging in the,.. nefarious practice of street betting and did n°- seem at all ashamed of the fact. ,They had Purr,..: sued the practice with such boldness as to 0017 ' the:ire of the Chief Constable who actually cautfq... , one of the defendants ftlagrante delicto in Winwle - street. The fine of .4:45 and costs which wa3 ias .. posed upon each defendant cannot be said to e 4 on the side of severity. The business proves all.cii a prafitable one that a fine of that description 'II e not be a very strong deterrent. Those wlao he_sLa watched the growth of the betting evil will agr.; with the Chief Constable in his description e',l as a public scandal. Large numbers of elPte; bodied men now fatten and batten from week .11 week at the expense of their victims who can I afford to lose their hardly-earned wages. Theseo, selves and it would be doing them a service misguided people need to be saved against publish their names in the hope teat this 11°12- ~ • lead them to see the error of their ways.

In another column will be found a letter fr°ll3;, tile Ray Charles Finch on the all-absorbing the of the Mayoralty which we think treats 10 whole subject in an eminently fair and ressl".o spirit. There is no question that the neglec,t :a ask Alderman Roberts to accept niece for

will stan Perpetrai • None k ,uncil what ccellently O years h Chief Mai )ars have be iture both lc Mayor tl aecure. Tim this period, •ght place. 'eneur to the ale Relief Fu iIl always I 61(ferable prof !tents also du is due to the i All things Co honourably c 1( for a third yew sessors. Holm the expedier seriously quo: gentlemanoani !doubtless mal Iraportant resi acquaintance and the needs kus reply to tl to allow hims not that Mr I

Sinecure.

and gentlema a decision evil Alderman Re

===== 0002601_19010920_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilitrlas9ilitb.

WANTAD a talean, 6 crung, Lruitworthy Wit'. as MINIMAL ; gool comfortage home ; 3 in family; no children ; Apply after b p.m. to 64, Sonia HILL #oAD, Dingle, Liverpool.

ILIMIALE COMPOSITOtt WANTSD (over 18).—Apply 12 EXAMINER OFFICE, Warrington.

COOPERS WANTHD for dry cask making, well used to notching books.—Apply J. WOOBE AND Sox, Coopers, Orraskirk.

WANTBD, Middle-aged MAN, accustomed to farm work-. A good milker.—Apply to T. GREENALL, Cottam House. Dilworth, near Longridge.

WANTED, an APontus for 11:11LLINE1Y and Saes; live in; no fee required.—Apply AanansoN, 103 and 100, idillqtreet, Liverpool.

QOUTHPORT.—COMPORTABLE APARTMENTS. Good cooing.—Mrs. BARNETT, 43. Bath-street.

WACKPOOL, Comfortable APARIMENTS, piano, near .1..) Central titation and sea.—fdrs J. TO3ILINSON, 59 liornby-road. BIACKPOOL.—Mrs PREsToN, 17, Palatine-road; Apart- manta. Public and Private ; near Central ntation and sea ; also piano.

1 AK E DISTRICT—Country APARLIIHNTS, pleasantly _LI situated; piano; terms moderate.—ROWLANDSON, Uroutbeck. Windermere.

A BERYSTWITIC—ComtortabIe APARTAIHNTS ; bealtby .11 Bituation ; bath, [emu; moderate--Mrs. LataaLzs, Pantyeelyn, Trinity-road.

f-lUMPOBTABLIG APARTYIIiNTS ; PUBLIC and PUIVATH, near sea and tram ; bath.—Has PignuEms, Span House, Cavendish-road, Morecambe, W.E.

LAGOD GUOCHRY BIISINEbb. must se!!; taking £l2 to £l4; good reasons.-12, NEwTOII-BTREET, Gorton, Manchester.

GEENGROO ER, Fruiter' BUSINESS to be disposed of; Arent £24 ; last tenant eight years,—Apply 60, Boater- btreet, Liverpool. LIGE SALE, good Fru't and Greengrocery BUSINESS, also good traps; 30, VILLLGE-itoiD, West Kirby.— Apply after 6 p.m.

IN SALE, NURSERY, Rochdale, going concern. 6 Green k./ houses with piping, good jobbing conneotion,—bTOTT 36, Edward-street, Rochdale.

Q WHETS, MINERALS, Ac.—Well stocked Shop. hand- l.) aomely fitted ; excellent stand ; good ohopping street.— Apply 82, HAMILTON-ROAD, Manchester.

DROVISIONS and STATIONERY BUSINESS tor Dis- posal; low price for stock and goodwill.-77, ORIENT- STREET. Mar,borough-road. Cheatham, Manchester.

PHARTON for Sale. seat 2, in good condition ; £lo. Apply after 5 p.m. 26, LONDON-ROAD. Manchester.

ON SALE. IN FOAL MARE. by Earl Egerton's noted Norse ; 16 hands, roan.—W ASHTON, Navigation-road, A.ltrineharn.

WANTED A GENERAL for Warrington, family 2; no washing; plain 000 king ; £l7.—Apply MRS JOIiNdON, 8, Marlton streat, Warrington.

WANTED Superior GENERAL, good Situation in centre of Warrington, wages £l6, no washing.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington. NVANTED a GENERAL SERVANT for light houßework live in, no washing.—Apply Mrs Aeruziteoze,lo3 Mill street, Liverpool.

IVANTED a Plain COOK, excellent ,Situation near War- rington, wages £22.—Apply lame annsort, 19, Irlam- street. Warrington.

WANTED, nice metal tilttl, about 17, for housework--; small family; good home.-58, KREMLIN-RIVE, Stoneycrott, Liverpool.

WANTED a Country GENERAL SERVANT, for publl house; good chsracter. Apply Mae thrienew, Park Hotel, Ince, near Wigan.

IVILRPOOL HOSPITAL FOR WOMION, Wanted a good MINIMAL, also WARDMAID.—AppIy LADE buDaa- INTENDENT, 109, Shaw-Street.

UT ANTED HOUSEMAID (one of two); Protestant ; good T neediewoman ; age 4 about 18.—Mas 6TONE, The Orchard. Huyton, Liverpool.

WANTED, by a capable Person, SITUATION as House- keeper, where girl is kept ; first-class references.— F., 8, Croxteth-road, Bootle.

WANTED a Strong active GIRL as kitchen-maid.—Apply MATRON. Fever Hospital, Warrington.

WANTHD. SURVANT GIRL about 19; good references required.-108. SCOTLAND-ROAD, Nelson.

WANTRD A WARDMAID at once at CLLYTON VALE HO.PITAL. Newton Heath, Manchester Wages £l4

===== 0002601_19010920_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19010920_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTE

A F Reports fro lionday mori national pulse 4turday, to t died of the wo references to t latiVe been alm be floating fro village, and ha aud seem to et inanner of the Possible, to ha eYnapathy. N the murderer. !hown by the blood-poiso 'll the body, it *ltiiled when Altient lingeri Ptin, a whole 400 very and doom. Proud

respect he had Mrs Mliinley She had hetes illness, and bel sank away wii true faith on I great, and all 9% most huml darkest hour fort to one so

Ouce again t Poison bottle nature of its c To the lack of T.Yndall was si r nfe has been %roe cause. : ,in,as suffering uIM with two carbolic acid, 1 clitled from a Irg in the shill . Routh one fror Was made by illlostairs and a c' rotn the effecl required in t ' poisons in add Impplied only . W, ould dely th, nnm hitherto 41313', is that m Rated sides, i being placed ii A few chemist aunplying;this sucti a stage that the use o' should be ma to the poison

I

i I

One has oft itty of those pe desire to " sto from many ph Certainly not pessimist corri Africa sent a London, at clataation Wat render was ex' result of the e 11% prophetic relying upon. latter was till

_ no more than the war" ever the repot two, or three E %lilt of the nrc ?,[tpera on We i".,ee weekly rei '*eti one hurvi 10 ths seven di to know is, if war, why theY CS of the se torts? The E they themseli 'atter shalleWr war " cry. Al Professing glorying in t despite every to bring it to tensions is to Droved out of

Technical in tertain of our !Is. But few it could be str ,te.cluirements I)lAtTict Count ttt the next In bto the influx o uCation Cr trvices of a c< 41, eiWmarket sl After recoverii Plink, it does j.:l. the f Ista ' compatrioi fri4erierally, an particular ',.Tence of et vt its back although it in etable lade h,/Thich Parlia Be ti I„'y be expect i4ttglish provii be provided ickoot goals, at Nv eti or del t,llB2trUztion ( observai 14arket.

hraiikel ocnnou tpt eh at Thursdas 111"1. "Win ,114eY well ejaeB of two rock JI Yh Ilat of Wi. :tYa 181:d 1I thelYe 11_4n evew, so eTpelf es a da :213, certain t capable ,t,:58 country 1),,,t7 long tawaysol

Li

'Tear

F done Srsi,ulA His

"ever

ton.

Co--u.n

10 spirit plicity : was it is,r as of ; recalls for he 3cottish 's Ptssi- ggle iD I iron-

excelli

two

Years

of

sinecui

righl

honour

will

eiders,

idustry,

in the I Scots.' o give younger Df law it, ireer for resideir-

term— Protec— party in

p in the ies were and his recessity country- licapped

I

superior in older the view tduetrien ue,these on thW Irsuaded icceeded m 3 would I wages r for thi gh, or, if- !ent fact. Ea high' :r, whil 3 nation labour'

leir own -mittent Free Sil landed hampion [3s ideas ult,frons prodig a tete"- een the and the did noV arisen [NLEY the time positi On coniee- )r hands..

I

I

I i

greatlY ig made Ivised bY who has aninerce Lat mag- a in the if lower icb >f " are, on ,ct with, :king ) year ood, are told- taking io follow vil ? The it to this applic- try, but working Lnd

cars. It Swedish shew to le source Swedea in qui:" trade 16 :pressioo

Ai, prides the Ger" irrange4 ief. not viov` heir per'

via in 5. Kaiser is the diffi- favour." ,ut of 1310 uite have ause tl3O al to the ere is no instance' eedingli eories of 38t, theY prises as tation ince, Tres aged the tiee that in in o°2 3. Ler" ki Kaiser' that 130 neernedi Gener' onzinain?' ated bi

i quarter ce Court in the did 11° had Put— to y caugui, sva3 inl; id to sr" act' wee 8 tiOn rho have rill wire° ion of se— week ti? 10 can The— . st theni- erviee tit; is Won-

fr°l2l., ng toPl; Nits tb isonabl° glect.ta° a thll

will stand as one of the most ungracious acts perpetrated by the Town Council of Warring- lone know better than the members of that lei' what work the Mayor has done and how lently he has done it during the years he has occupied the position Chief Magistrate of the Borough. Those two have been years of an exceptional arduous dire both locally and nationally, and the position Mayor therefore has be3n anything but a iecure. Time after time Alderman Roberts has, this period, proved himself the right man in the it place. The active part he took in doing our to the volunteers and militia, in organising Relief Fund—to mention one or two things— always be remembered in his favour. Con- able progress has been made in local improve- Meats also during these two years, and much of it is due to the industry and energy of the Mayor. All things considered the least the Council could honourably do was to ask Mr Roberts to be Mayor for a third year,as was done in the case of his prede- cessors. However, another course has been taken, the expediency and fairness of which we must seriously question. Mr. Parr is a most estimable gentleman,and is much respected locally.He would doubtless make a good Maynr' with the somewhat important reservation that he has absolutely no acquaintance with the work of the Corporation 4/14:1 the needs of the town. Ho has not yet given r ais reply to the request of the Council asking him to allow himself. to be nominated and we doubt not that Mr Parr's well-known sense of fairness and gentlemanly tact will ecalle him to come to decision which will not operate unjustly towards Alderman Roberts.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19010920_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

--- Reports from all parts of the provinces on Monday morning showed how remarkably the national pulse had been affected by the news of Saturday, to the effect that President MTinley had died of the wounds inflicted by the assassin. Pulpit references to the dreadful occurrence appeared to have been almost universal, and flags were said to be floating from public buildings in every town, village, and hamlet. Yet these anarchists live,move, tid seem to enjoy good living everywhere The Manner of the late President's death seemed, if Possible, to have increased the general feeling of rlttipathy. Not swift or sudden was the work of t,he murderer. Inasmuch as tbe cause of death was ,rlnown by the autopsy and the physicians' report to ,% blood-poisoning, presumably from the bullet lett 'n the body, it is clear that the President's fate was haled when Czolgosz tired the shot. Thus the Patient lingered within the shadow of death, full of Pain, a whole week, now buoyed up with hopes of recovery and then made conscious of approaching doom. Proud of her husband, his wisdom, and the respect he had inspired, he was something more to Mrs Wliinley than a partner in joy and sorrow. She had herself but just recovered from a serious illness, and begun to hope for the best, when he sank away with words of Christian resignation and true faith on his lips. Her sorrow must indeed be great, and all the sympathy which the highest and the most humble in the land extend to her in the darkest hoar of her life can bring but small corn- Ott to one so sorely distressed.

Once again the need has been demonstrated of a ! poison bottle which shall effectually declare the ; nature of its contents to the holder's sight or touch :1 To the lack of such a bottle the life of Professor . T.Yndall was sacrificed, and now another valuable life has been closed in the same way and from the I, aame cause. Mr Herbert Lloyd, of Birmingham, . Was suffering from quinsy and the doctor supplied , him with two bottles of medicine, while a bottle of . carbolic acid, for the purpose of inhaling, was ob- tained from a chemist. Apparently there was noth- Itg in the shape or colour of the bottles to distin- . gnieh one from the others, and the terrible mistake Was made by Mrs Lloyd of taking the carbolic acid .11P8tairs and administering a dose to her husband, zrom the effects of which be died, It is urgently equired in the interest of the public that all Poisons in addition to being labelled should be aupplied only in bottles of a particular shape which Would dely the possibility of a mistake. The best form hitherto recommended for the purpose, prob- ably, is that made of dark blue glass with corru- gated sides, in such shape as to be incapable of being placed in any other position than on its side. A few chemists have already taken steps towards "PPlYing;this nquirement,but mattershave reached Wien a stage of late as to make it very dssirable that the use of mese bottles, or something similar, should be compulsory made a kind of stipulation to the poison being supplied.

One has often felt inclined to question the sincer- ity of those persons who claim a monopoly of the desire to '• stop the war," and speeches delivered from many platforms during the present week have Certainly not tended to modify that feeling. A Pessimist correspondent at the seat of war in South Africa sent a telegram to the paper he represented in London, about the time Lord Kirchener's pro- cleMation was issued, saying that a general sur- render was espected on the 15th September as the result of the edict, and many persons accepted this Its prophetic and something the Government were relying upon. There has been no evidence that the latter was the case, and people generally expected to more than what has happened. But these " stop the war" orators have appeared almost frantic Oyer the reports from pro-Boer sources that one two, or three at most, have surrendered as the re- eUlt of the proclamation. When they opened their aperri on Wednesday morning, they would see from tile weekly report of Lord Kitchener that there had I.gen one hundred and thirty-three surrenders with. '2l the seven days. But what the public must want In know is, if these people really desire to stop the "war, why they are so ready to gloat over the few- tlees of the serrenders, according to their own re- Ports? The British public would te as stupid as they themselves imagine, if they did not see the I._`ltter shallowness and hypocrisy of the " stop-the- war " cry. All the week, since the 15th, these Professing i• peacemakers" have been openly glorying in the prospect of the war going on, despite every effort on the part of the authorities ,0 bring it to an end. The hollowness of their pre- tensions is too evident to be mistaken, and is Proved out of their own mouths.

----- Technical instruction is a very elastic phrase, as tertain of our local authorities long since taught 11; • But few people would ever have thought that 't could be stretched to the extent of meetinz the quirements of a member of the Newmarket Urban uistrict Council,who has just given notice to move, St the next meeting of that authority, that "owing ,t() the influx of American jockeys, the Technical ',clucation Committee be requested to secure the 'rvices of a competent riding instructor to instruct aWmarket stable lads how to ride properly." After recovering one's breath and taking time to thi ok, it does really appear that the ability to ride !111 the f million made famous by Sloan and 15 compatriots is necessary to English jockeys rrierally, and perhaps those of Newmarket particular. Their instruction, too, in the se- ence uf sitting on a horse's neck instead 41 its back, must be admittedly technical, though it may be doubted whether the training stable lads is precisely one of the objects for !hich Parliament consciously provided public neY. Be that as it may, the Newmarket idea aY be expected to bear fruit in other parts of the loat?lish provinces. Budding footballers may have 'le provided with special instruction how to • goals, and embryo cricketers bow to defend • • eti or deliver balie. Anyhow, other Technical !trllZtion Committees may be asked to make llnet observation of bow the idea works at New- ularket.

t 4'hile on the subject of Tort. it may be as well Make note of the fact that the first race for the raerica ZC has been postponed from to-day to at" ,Thursday and the second race to this day 14:84. "Wind and weather permitting," the reader pia'4l' well ejaculate in recollection of the experi- slite:a Of two years since. There is no doubt that ttl;4l3lrOck II has made a great sensation on the er side of the Atlantic. American betting is ts3r,t.rtearly so aggressive in its designs upon English te.!eliam as it was. If the race had been run tht-aY the boats would have started at little more " he-1: ".verlP, so quickly has Shamrock II established o4jfe,t as a dangerous competitor. It geeing practi- tiotY certain that if Sir Thomas Lipton's boat is .thi. Capable of bringing the Cup back to vet: country, it will remain in America a ikttiY long time to come. The challenger la ways of course, to be built strong enough to

cross the Atlantic, while the defender is finished for the race only. But, whatever else may happen, it is quite certain that the race will be followed with the greatest and most absorbing interest on both sides of the Atlantic,and while all readers will hope that Sir Thomas Lipton will have the pleasure of beating his old enemy, yet they will also wish that the better boat may win—and that it may prove to be Shamrock 11.

The annual report prepared by the Board of Trade for the year ended with March last, is not altogether satisfactory reading. It covers a period marked by a considerable amount of prosperity, but towards the end of the year 1900, there was un- mistakable evidence that the climax had been reached, and that trade was on the decline. The period under review was, on the whole, a fairly good one for making comparison and drawing con- clusions. There was a substantial increase in the amount lost to creditors, both in bankruptcies and private arrangements. Taking the forms of failure together, the accounts showed that the liabilities exceeded the assets by nearly eight millions and a half. The building trade figured unenviably at the head of the list of insolvencies, and it may be a surprise to some to hear that the beer, wine and spirit trade came the next. Farmers, in spite of the " usual " bad times, pay their way so well that, as a class, they compare very favourably with other great industries.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19010920_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SUDDEN DEATH OF AN OLD MAN.

The sudden death of John Capper. silk weaver, of Macclesfield, has been reported to the Runcorn coroner. Capper, who was 89 years of age had for some years lived with his son, who is a butcher in Egerton-street, Runcorn. Deceased went to bed at 8 p.m. complaining of not feeling well. At mid- night he was found dead in bed. The coroner deems an inquest unnecessary.

THE DROUGHT AND THE BRIDGEWATER CANAL. The long-continued dry weather has had a marked effect upon the Bridgewater Canal. The canal is about a foot below its normal level, and as a consequence the flats and narrow boats are un- able to take their full loads. In some cases the reduction is fifteen tons, and in practically all other instances the craft are loaded ten tons below their carrying capacity. This is not only a big loss to the traders, 'out also to the Ship Canal Company. PRESENTATION TO A MERSEY MISSION WonkEn• At the aoove mission on Monday evening a very interesting presentation was made to Mr J C Griffiths a worker associated with the place. The pro ceedings took the form of a supper after which Mr W Shaw presented him with a travelling trunk and later on in the evening Mrs Mack handed to Mr Griffiths a Sankey's hymn book. Mr Griffiths who is going away to Greenland set sail on Thursday in the Oceanic. THE FREE CHURCH COUNCIL.—MEXIORIAL SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S.

In connection with the Free Church Council a memorial service for Mr McKinley was held on Thursday evening at St. Paui's. There wer.4 repre- sentatives of all the Nonconformist Churches in the town. The Rev J Osborne, B.A. delivered a suitable oration on the de,parted President. FIRE AT RUNCORN.

On Monday morning, an alarm of tire was sounded at Runcorn. The tire proved to be on a haystack, in a field belonging to Mr Roberts, farmer, off Holloway-road. Toe fire brigade, under the direc- tion of Captain Wright was soon on the scene, and after considerable trouble the fire was extinguished though not before nearly the whole of the hay had been consumed. The cause is not yet known, but we understand that the damage was covered by nsurance.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
HOPE HALL Airssrox RUNCORN.

In connection with the above mission a very interesting social was held on Wednesday evening. Mr A Jones presided. The Weston Point band were responsible for the entertainment and were very successful in the marches entitled "Drum add Trumpet," and "For the Queen." "Roses under- neath the snow," and "Little sister's gone to sleep," were nicely given by Mrs Gatley Mr Rankin with " Only to see her face again " re- ceived quite an ovation, and Mr Brown with his humorous selections created quite a sensation- Miss 14 Jones' violin solo "The Vicar of Bray "was much appreciated. Mrs Brown and Messrs Pearson, Robinson, Blower, G Pye, J Furniyal, and Miss Dutton contributed materially to the success of the entertainment with several interesting songs. Mr T Byfield's selections on the gramophone were splendidly given and pleased everyone. On the proposition of Mr Strange a vote of thanks was passed to the Weston Point Band. PROMOTION FOR A RUNCORN POST OFFICE OFFICIAL.

Our readers will be pleased to learn that Mr J H Gleave, senior clerk at the Runcorn Post Office has been promoted to the Postmastership of Ellesmere, Shropshire. Mr (leave has tor a long time, stood high in the esteem of his townsmen owing to his pleasing and urbane disposition, and he will be missed by a good many persons who are in the habit of visiting the Runcorn Poet Office. Be left school in January 1871 and gaining an appointment at the Runcorn Pas Office has gradually worked his way, by dint o, strenuous exertion and faithful attention to duty to the honourable position which he now holds. At the time he entered upon his official career the Post Office was in Church-street. It was afterwards removed to High-street and subsequently to its present position. He takes up his new duties on the 7th October,and everyone will wish him "health and prosperity" in Ms new home. THE COTTAGE HOSPITAL FUND.

At the last half-yearly meeting of the Runcorn Co-operative Society the question of contributing to the Cottage Hospital scheme, which has been so nobly pioneered by the Runcorn Cycle Club was raised, the matter being eventually left over for a special meeting to decide. The adjourned meeting was held on Mon- day evening, Mr W E Dudley presiding. The Chairman read a letter from the Runcorn Urban Council with respect to the matter. A proposition being made by Mr J Taylor, seconded by Mr J J Bowyer,that the sum of £lOO be given. An amend- ment was made by Mr Fitzpatrick, Widnes, that the question be left over until the next half yearly meeting but this was lost, the resolution being sub- sequently carried. THE RUNCORN (JAS STUMM—IMPORTANT SALE. Yesterday afteriaoon an important sale by Messrs B and B Leach took place at Wilson's Hotel, Runcorn, and there was a large attendance. The free-hold residence, " Brookfield," Moughland-lane, Runcorn, was withdrawn at £950, the reserve being £l,OOO. Chief interest centred in a number of shares in the Runcorn and Frodshara Gas Com- panies. Twenty £5 shares fully paid in the Run- corn Company, bearing 10 per cent. dividend, realised £lO 143 per share : sixty shares £lO 133 per share ; and twenty-five shares £lO 113 per share £BOO four per cent. debenture stock in the Runcorn Company fetched £Bl5. Fifty-six fully paid up £l.O B shares in the Frodsham Gas Company, last divi- dend 7 per cent., were bought at £l6 103 per share and sixteen fully paid up £lO A shares in the same company, last dividend 10 per cent. realised £22 15.3. per share. Forty-one fully paid up £lO shares. in the Runcorn Public Hall Company, Limited, which , has not paid a dividend for some years, were dis- posed of at £1 per share. The sale was by order of the trustees of the late Mr William Whittaker The property" Brookfield "was afterwards bought by private treaty by Mr Carroll, of the firm of Messrs Speakman and Sons, Liverpool. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HICIII•0 LASS MIN NH AL ATIMS.—Advt

===== 0002601_19010920_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HIE EXA MIN

WELTON POINT MEN'S BIBLE CLLSS

At the above class on Sunday, Mr S Coventry deliv sued a very interesting lecture on "The growth and in- fluence of Methodism." The speaker showed how Meth- odism had commenced in humble surroundings and from small beginnings amid ridicule and obloquy. At the present day, however the organisation was world wide and it had produced sons which were a credit and honour to the Society. Mr Coventry cOncluaed his lecture with a very pleasing sketch of the proceedings at the 011rumenical conference. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL.--VISIT OF THE _ _ .

REV JAMES FLANAGAN. It will be seen from our advertisement columns that this successful evangelist and popular lecturer is to preach and lecture in the Greenway-road Methodist Chapel on Wednesday. It can truly be said that Mr Flanagan is one of the most wonder- ful men of the day. Starting life as a collier amid the most oppressive environment, be has gradually worked his way into being one of the most promin- ent of London orators by sheer force of intellectual ability. None who beard him a year ago will miss the opportunity of listening to his exposition of Divine Truth, and his entertaining descriptions of East London scenes and characters. His lectures are a marvellous combination of humour, pathos, eloquence and dramatic force, and those who wish to be entertained and instructed should not miss hearing this remarkable man. For further inform- ation see advt. SUDDEN DEATH OF A CHILD. On Friday evening at the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point,an inquest was held by Mr R Dobson,coroner, concerning the death of the infant son of Evan Evans captain of the narrow boat " George," lying in the Weston Point Basin. Mr Grounds was fore- man of the jury. Superintendent Ennion repre- sented the police. Evan Evans, said the child was born on Sunday morning and had not been chris- tened. On Thursday while his wife was attending the child he suddenly screamed. Witness went to Runcorn for a doctor and on his arrival in a hour's time the child was dead.—Dr Delaney said be was called by the last witness to see the child which was dead when he arrived. There were no marks of violence. The child had died in a convulsive fit which might have resulted from a chill caused by an open door. The jury returned a verdict in ac- cordance with the medical evidence.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

The thrill of horror which ran through the whole of the civilized world at the announcement that President Mainley had succumbed to the murderous bullet of the assassin vibrated on Satur- day morning in the breasts of the majority of the inhabitants of Runcorn. The sudden and unto- ward cutting off of so great and so good a man was tne all absorbing topic of interest, and natural in- dignation,which for the moment clouded all local questions, was freely expressed against the sect whose fundamental doctrine is, according to re- port, the" removal " of the chiefs of Government.

On Sunday, as will be seen from our columns, references was made at most of the churches in town, ad in one or two instances Handel's "Dead I March" was played. At the Police Court on Mon- day the chairman, Mr A R Norman alluded to the ' deceased statesman and expressed the hope that ;something would be done to prevent any repetition 'of such an occurrence. Before, however, anything can really be done in this direction it will have to be decided whether the assassination was the rash act of an individual or the organ'zed blow of a secret society. Even if the latter hypothesis prove to be the correct one the war of extermination against the Anarchists will have to be carried on very warily indeed for there is always the stubborn historical fact to be confionted that the growth of a society especially a secret one—is accelerated rather than retarded by persecution.

The other day I had the somewhat doubtfnl pleasure of speaking to a Liverpool gentleman who knows something more about Anarchy in Liverpool and elsewhere than does the ordinary" man in the street." Himself a political exile from Russia, and , being an exceptionally clever man who may or may not be in the " know" he deprecated strongly that the assassination was the work of the Anarchist body. The principles of Anarchy, he said, struck at the root of Government by the belief that every man should be a law unto himself, but instead of having recourse to violent means to attain the end they believed in the dis- semination of economic doctrines, and in the farther spread of knowledge. Everybody knows that the times are a trifle out of joint, but to substitute the capricious will of the mass for the present law and order would be to let chaos reign supreme. The constructive policy of the Diberat is far more states- manlike than the mad rush of the Anarchist, or even the stow-footed policy of Toryism.

()rice more the Runcorn youth has an opportunity of extending his acquaintance with the subjects which will make him a better citizen and which will equip him to fight the battle of life in his later years much more vigorously and successfully. The art, science, and commerciai classes have now com- menced their winter .session in earnest, and those who desire to pursue any particular branch of study can do so at the Institute undsr the guidance of some of the best possible teachers. The high result q previously attained by the evening classes are sufficient commendation to ensure their atten- tion from local students, and lovers of knowlEdgo cannot do better than deepen their understanding by placing themielvesin touch with a trained mind I cordially wish the classes the highest p3ssible success.

At this period of the, year tradesmen, and others who profit by the wages of the working man 'find things" to use a sock phrase, 'quiet.' Besides being between the seasons, which itself causes de- pression there is another reason that is usually overlooked by the ordinary individual. Just at this time the books of the town must be closed for the half-year and therefore all the rates, water rate, poor rate, district rate and street mOring accounts, must be collected for their different funds. The majority of the working class leave these compulsory payments right to the last minute and then out of the town's earnings some hundreds of pounds have to be abstracted and placed to the credit of the Imperial and Municipal revenues. This, to a certain extent, sudden with- drawal from circulation of 83 much of the town's revenue or rather the diverting of it int ) other channels seriously retards for the time being ordin- ary trade which accordingly takes some little time to recover. This explanation really seems to be the only possible account for the depression which has stolen over Runcorn* during the pest month. All hopes, however of reviving prosperity are now centred on the build- ing of the transporter bridge, which it is under- stool, will be commenced very shortly.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Though Runcorn won on Saturday by the narrow margin of a try they did not at all do as well as their supporters anticipated. Owing to the absence of Houghton and Inglestiald, the team was not as strong as it might have been and this, perhaps, accounts for the looseness of the attack and de- fence of the home contingent. Be that as it may the exhibition was by no means an interesting one and the play cannot be describei as brilliant. For- tunately the defence of the Linnets was considera- bly better than their attacking qualities else it would have farad badly with Runcarn's hopes.

From first to last Leigh played a very strong game, and proved themselves no mean opponents. In fact during the last few minutes of the match it was were touch and go whether they would not manage to carry off the palm of victory. Tney were on the Runcorn line most tenaciously, and it was only by sheer hard work that Runcorn managed to keep their lines inviolate.

During the first half Leigh were the aggressors and the home backs Sad not a chance at all to show their sprinting qualities. The game opened out considerably in the latter part and some very nice play was seen on both sides. The game was a very even one throughout but there is a very strong im- pression that Runcorn should have romped away with their opponents. They did not at all play up to their form, and if they wish to bring honour on their town they will have to combine a little better than they did on Saturday.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Bethesda Congregational Church

Runcorn.

At the above oh urch on Sunday the Rev R Veitcb M.A., Liverpool, delivered two very instructive sermons on the " Harvest." There were good congregations at both services, special anthems being rendered by the choir. The edifice had been very prettily decorated and the proceedings were a complete success.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
F_RII)A Y SEPTEMBER 20 1901.

NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. By " Ovalist."

As a rule Warrington do not start the season well,but this time they have belied the prophets and " gone oil" with a really resounding bang. For them to have de- feated the Cup-holders and the Yorkshire League cham- pions in succeeding weeks is a surprising feat and one that augurs well for the club's prospects in the season's tourney. Most of us expected that " paid " would be put to the Batley account, bat that Bradford would also have to bow the knee and on their own ground too was more than even the most sanguine supporter of the Club oared hope.

"Alone we did it" might well bathe cry of the War- rington lads after Last Saturday's game. There is no doubt they were a proud and happy team during the iourney home. Considering that this marks the open- ing ot the third season since Bradford were defeated at home Warrington's performance is not to be made light of. It was: certainly not made light of at Bradford where the Bark Avenue folk were much Impressed with Warrington's evident superiority. Coming as it did after defeating the Yorkshire champions in the cup-ties, War- riogton's win had no semblance of a fluke in it. The Primrose and Blues have a liking for Yorkshire foemcn and seem:destined to carry further the havoc wrought among.the Tykes at the end of last season.

The superiority of the Lancashire clubs over their Yorkshire friends is most marked, and on Stturday every match between representativr s of the rival coun- ties ended in a signal victory for the upholders of the Red Rose. Yorkshire papers greatly deplore the exist- ing condition sl things, but hope for more encouraging results as the season grows older. The wet weather will be to the advantage of the Yorkshire clubs when it comes, for there is nothing like mud for bringing foot- ball teams down to one common level. Weight is an important: factor then, and whatever else they lack the Tykes are not short of weight. A writer in the " Leeds Mercury " on Monday tritely observed that " Yorkshire club officials have been satisfied with limbs

andfmuscle,whereas ha Lancashire i bae been limb ...d muscle plus brains, which have ben -successfully culti- vated."

Oldham, Broughton, Swinton, and Warrington all polished off their Yorkshire rivals on Saturday, but it is the doings of the Warrington lot in particular that I must confine myself to.

The team accomplished the journey to Bradford very comfortably, travelling per saloon from Manchester in an hour and twenty minutes. There was only one change from the selected fifteen, Fell being replaced by F Swift owing to the arbitrary ruliug of the working clause. He started on the Thursday and would have been working earlier if possible, but his permit was re- fused for the second time. The burley Askaml man seemed to feel his exclusion from the team rather keenly and did not at all enjoy the part of a spectator, which he was forced to fulfil. With Boardman off also odds seemed that Warrington would be overwhelmed forward but they did ever so well against the big Bradford thrutchers.

The start looked none too promising for the home team got the ball from the scrimmage repeatedly and Warrington had to defend desperately. They proved equal to the strain, however, and before long the front rank was contriving to obtain possession occasionally. Burgess and Allen made good Use of the ball when they got it and bo Warrington threequarter line gave their opponents a busy time. After the first quarter Warring- ton seemed to have got the measure of their foes and began to put pressure on. Combined play among the backs saw the Bradford line seriously naenaced• Good tackling kept Warrington out for a tine, but at last Burgess smartly charged Murgatroyd's kick and scored near the posts. Fish was unable to land a goal and in this respect his old skill seems to have deserted him, though only temporarily. I hope. At the interval Warrington were on good terms with themselves, far they possessed a three point `lead.

In the second half Bradford made mighty efforts to wipe off the deficiency., but met a defence as steady and Impenetrable as a British square. The Warrington men were not content to defend either, and by dint of speed and combination they made numerous inioads in the Bradford quarter. Burgess got injured for the second time in the match, and Isherwood wisely put bim in Fish's place for a time. This move non-pluseed the Bradford men who had been carefully watching the left wing and before they had tumbled to the ruse Fish and Isherwood had broken through and the latter gave the injured Burgess an easy journey over the line. Hallam made a good attempt at goal, but Warrington have yet to register their first two-pointer in the Northern League.

Before the close a hot attack on the WarrinV,on line was rewarded by a goal from the clever foot ot Cooper, but this was the last score. Warrington adopted wise tactics and kept the homo men at bay thougn the line bad same narrow escapes. Once it depended on the verdict of the referee but Mr Smith gave Warrington the benefit of what was probably only a doubt in the minds of the spectators.

Bradford were fairly beaten, and the slore of 6 point to 2 hardly represents the superiority of the winners The homeaters bad undoubtedly the best of the argu- ment in the scrimmages, and held their own at half- beck but everywhere else they were out-classed. The ' Warrington three quarters played a really superb game, and while they did not do so much passing and running as against Batley they gave a fine display both on the attack and the defence. Bradford were as fast bebiud individuillv but in combined movement they were unmistakably out paced every time. Hariis again I showed that he is developing into a class playvr and his strong dashes quite caught the eye of the Brad- ford judges. Burgess and Allen did well, but it is at , half-back where the team is rnost handicapped for want of a "professor." Hallam played a great game, in the rear and had a good deal to do. Ward on the other side was a little inferior. The Warrington forwards deserve praise too for the deter- mination they showed, and their dash In the open. The Bradford men were on one common level of mediocrity, Marsden, Cooplr, and Pollard in particular not playing up to their reputations. Their ideas of combination are somewhat old-fashioned, and a leaf will have to be taken from a Lancashire book before success follows.

The park Avenue Ground was in fine order, and the. accommodathn excellent. As a footbail arena it will take a lot of beating. There was a crowd of about 7.000, which was not bad at enhancel ptieeL

It is interesting to hear what the other Side. _says " The Bradford Observer " noter writes as follows . " Bradford lacked the general smartness and determina- tion of their Warrington rivals, and were defeated accordingly. Quicker at se'zing an opening the Wilders- pool lads fairly earned their victory, granting that both tries belonged to the lucky species. It was a very good game to watch, however, and the most bigoted Brad- I fordian could not honestly grudge the winners their triumph, The combination amongst Os visiting backs was excellent, Isherwood, Harris and Fish required a deal of stopping. Warrington were almost equally good at defence, their fielding of the ball being well•nigh per- fect. In scrimmage play they were less effective, but the heel-out was managed so well that it amply atoned for any little forward discrepancies. The Bradford back-play without being actually weak, was still some way removed from high c'ass. Both full backs d's.in- guished themselves in getting out of tight places, It was a great feather in Warrington's cap to repeat the cup-tie success over Bradford, and it formod a fitting sequel to the same team's easy win against Batley. There is now plenty on the slate for Bradford to wipe off, but we daresay the real effort will he reserved for the cup-lies (second round) on March 22ad.'

--- IThe NorthErn League table compiled up t 3 date is as follows: •

Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. For. Apt. Pts. Broughton Bangers 2 ..• 2 ... 0 ... 0 ... 48 ... 5 ... 4 dh Olam Warrington Salford . . . 16 , 0 ... 2 Swinton... 1 • 1 ..• 0 ... 0 ... 10 .. 2 ... 2 Hunslet Hull 2 1.. 1 ~. 0 ... 13 .. 32... 2 , Runcorn. ' Brighouse Rangers 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 5 ... 19 ... 2 Bradford Leigh Huidersfield 1 .. 0 .. 1 0.. 2 ... 10 ... 0 Batley 2 0 . 2 0 6 . 33 ... 0 Halifax, 1 .. 0 . 1 • 0 . 0 ...

To-day Warrington tackle the team which is looked upon in many quarters as likely to carry off the honours of Lhe new league—Brnughton Rangers to wit, and as the fixture is at Broughton Warrington's chances of sue* cess are somewhat discounted. But after Bradford who can prophesy? Warringtpn have always given the Rangers a good game and last season but one they won

CRAW FORD'S CREAM CRACKERS

CRISP.AND CREAMY.

at Wheater's Field by 13 points to 19, speaking from memory as to the score. In the following engagement at Broughton they were clearlyithe best team again and only lost the match through carelessness. On that occa- sion the Rangers had a strong team, composed very much as it is now, while Warrington were playing a lot below their present form. That form maintained and even the Rangers should be beaten.

The same team hag been chosen to do duty again,Fell taking his proper place and Jolley retiring owing to an injured /shoulder. Boardman is still an absentee from the effects of the twist he gave his knee in the Batley match. The complete fifteen is therefore as follows : Hallam, lull back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickinson and Harris, three quarters ; Burgess and Allen, half backs ; Fell. Edmondson, Morrison, &len, Szholtze, J Swift, Cunningham, and F Swift, forwards.

Many people are wondering when the Fairhurst case will be dealt with. A week on Tuesday is the date of the next Northern League meeting, as this body only meets monthly. Then it will be finally decided whether Warrington will lose 2 points in tbe Senior League or not. There is a faint chance of escape in the fact that Fairhurst has only beea an " A" team player for some seasons past. Burgess will also be dealt with at this meeting and I hope his suspension will be a light one.

The following are the matches to be played to-day (Siturdac) in the Northern League : Broughton Ringers v Warrington. Runcorn v Halifax. Hull v Brighouse Ringers. Hunslet v Batley. Oldham v Huddersfield. Leigh v Salford. To be played on the ground of the first named club in each case.

Foot Racing

At Matlock Sports held on Saturday. C J Straw. of Winwick, came in first iu the mile handicap with a start of 110 yards. The time recorded was 4rnins, 21 4-51ecs. Straw won the same handicap at the War- rington Football Club Sports.

Cycling.

, - At Lower Peover Sports, held at Knutsford on Satur.

day. A E Howard. of Warrington. danal in sscond in the two mile bicycle handicap with a start of 245 yards. He was only beaten by a length.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

The Competition to decide the Championship of the Warriogton Anglers' Association was decided at Acton Bridge on Saturday afternoon. Oct of 41 entitled to compete,33 put in an appearance. .The general secretary Mr P Knight, had made good arrangements,and prompt to time,three o'clock.the proceedings commenced.As the two hours allowed for thej contest progressed, it became apparent that little sport would be recorded, in addition to the east wind;which was blowiag, the canal was very weedy,and the latter fact militated against good catches being obtained. With a catch of only 6DI ldr, Mr George Spencer was declared the winner, thus taking the medal and the title of champion of the Association. The contest for the juvenile members was fished in the canal at Thelwall on Saturday afternoon, Mr H Bent being in charge. The result was as follows in the order named :—Masters W Wright, jun, who registered a catch of Boz; J Holden, R Spencer, H Moores and W Thomason.

The members of the Howley Hotel Angling Society held their annual match on Sunday the place selected being the canal at Broken Cross, Northwich. About 35 members left Warrington by 'bus at 8 a.m., arriving at North wich at &boot 10 o'clock. There were 28 of the party who signified their intention to compete. The stations were drawn for, and the match began. " Landed "c ould he heard every minute or so and the bank-walkers were kept busy for the two hours the sport lasted. M time drew near to the finish, it Was very amusing to see some of the " novices " gaziag anxiously at their Beats. They were so intererested that they looked as though their lives depended oa their catch. Just as " time " was called, two memi4ars landed, and this concluded the fishing for the dai. Oa weighing in it was found that the total weight of fish was 81b -zs 6 Ire. The following were the best four :—E Gilbert, 12 )z3 14drms, oriza value £1 ; B Dobson, line Bdrms, prize value 154 ; James Niche'son, lOtza Bdress, prize value 12s 6d ; J Ward, B:z3 4d ms, prize value 103 63.

The match was somewhat marred by the canal-hoes which passed along the canal, causing the anglers to remove their :ackle every q larter of an hour or so.

A smoking concert was held on Wednesday evening, when th-, prizes yy.n,e distribated. It should be stated that every competitor obtained a priz3, the prizes rang- ing in value from £.l. down to 2i 61. The prizes were much admired be the members, the total value of th9n being £l.O. Mr Gibert having been voted to the chair, ' complimented the members on the success of the match and expressed the hope that they were satisfied with the manner be:prizes were distributed, and with the way the ccmffiittee h4d carried out thr, arrangements. !Songs 5r..;., were rendered by Messrs Hallwood, Warburton, Bancroft, and others. A hearty olte of thanks to the Chairman, concluded a very enjoyable meeting. The arrangements were in the hands uf the following corn- ; mittee :—Messrs Gilbert, Berry, Hallwood, Walker, Bradshaw and Read, with Mr J Hackney as Hon. S,cretary.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Byerley—Brierley.

Oa Tuesday afternoon a pretty wedding was solemn- ized in Holy Trinity Church, Warrington, when the con- tracting parties were Miss Marie Brierley, daughter of Mrs Brierley, the White Hart Hotel, Sankey-street, and Mr Ebert J Byerley, son of Mr Robert Byerley (Sheffield), late collector of Inland Revenue at Warrington. The bride was given away by her uncle, Mr James Gleave, and was attired in a dress of white Dochesse satin, trimmed with embroidered chiffon, and her head was crowned with a a rr.ath of orange blossoms with tulle veil depending therefrom. She also wore a diamond sing, the gift of the bridegroom, and carried a shower bouquet composed lof white stephanotis, white heather and exotics. Her bridesmaids, Miss Lillie Gle,..ve and Mss Coningsby Gleave, were dressed in white China silk, with black picture hats, and carried shower bouquets of pink rose 3 ' which in addition to the pearl and turquoise brooches they wore, were the gifts of the bridegroom. The offiliating clergy man was the Ray E CE Carleton. Ur R Foster, Penketh, porformrd the duties of best man. At the conclusion of the ceremony, Mr Percy Randall, the organist played Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." The wedding breakfast was served at the Winmarleigh Cali, where Mrs Hayward catered in her usually accept- able manner. The guests numb .ced 30. Later in the day Mr and Mrs Byerley left Warrington for London, where they will spend the honeymoon after which they will take up their residence at Llangollen. The follow- ing is a list of presrnts Bridegroom to bride. diamond ring. . . .

Bride to bridegroom, gold links and studs Fat tier of bridegroom, cheque and carver.' Mother of bride, eilrer tea, coeu and cocoa service, silver dinner cruet and silver break! at cruet

Rev and Kra CArleton, silver photo frame Mr and Mrs James Weave, salad bowl an i servers Miss Lillie Gleave, silver claret jug Mee lidith Gleave, silver egg-frame Miss Louise aleave, biscuit barrel Miss Agnes Maar sliver cake knife -

Mr and Mrs J E Warren, Silver table lamp The Misses Warren, silver hairpin box Messrs Walter an 4 Jack Warren. silver brush-case Mr and Mrs T R Knowles, silver candlesticks Mr and Mrs M G Byerley, Greenwich, silver bot watering Mr and Mrs It G Byerlev Brackley, silver bread platter Kr and Mrs A J Lawson, Norwich, silver vegetable dishes Mr and Mrs George Gibbard, Brackley, silver cake basket Mr and Mrs Bayley Isaac. marble clock Miss Byerley, Sheffield, timepiece Mr Smith-Johnson, London, silver jardinieres Mr R N Foster, silver serviette rings Mr and Mrs J B Caldwell, silver preserve dishes Mr and Mrs Joseph Unsworth, Golborne. silver fish eaters Mr and Mrs John Unsworth, Golborne, sliver cake basket Mr Peat snd Miss Unsworth. Galborne. silver flower stand Mr and Mrs W Unswerth, Sankey, table centre Mr and Mrs JR Bosworth, silver teaspoons Messrs Rustance tr,d Co, silver fish carvers Mr and Mrs Garnett, mantel border Mary, Lizzie, and Mary silver butter dish Mr and Mrs Ferguson, biscuit barrel and silver horse-shoe Mrs Pilling, table centre Mr Arthur Isaac, gold•rnounted umbrella Mr and Mrs Charles Unsworth, copper jardiniires Mr J. Mrs and the Misses Richardson, silver salts Messrs Joe and Jack and Miss LinswOrth, Golborne, table cents e

--Mr and Mrs Ekersley,radgate. silver photo frame Mr C T Kirkm•n, Manchester, silver salts Mr and Mrs Gandy, silver toast rack Miss Dolan, placque Miss Dennett, Crumb trap and brush Mrs Glover,St Helens placque The Misses Campbell. trinket set Mrs Sutton, copper kettle Mr Harold Silcock, silver photo frame Mr Halton and Miss Leigh tea cosy and table centre 'Old Friends." silver serviette rings Mr and Mrs Hewitt and family, Stafford, silver mounted biscuit barrel Mr H Caldwell, brass spirit kettle

REDUCTION IN PRICES. YOR

_ ANDESCENT BUR N ERS. Ai'. DESCENT MANTLES. NOANDESCEN CHIMNEYS. -NCANDESCENT GLOBES. ALL KINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. OP _.OLOIIRS AND PATTERNS. CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED AT 80 ST. JAMES PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

.. (1 • • t, I , 444.0 ''. 1, I,' DIFFEIEIQT CO" GLASS CiLOBS Cf , ADAMS

===== 0002601_19010920_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON CARTER'S SINGULAR DEATH'

Extraordinary Conduct of a

Labourer.

A singular case was investigated by the Deputy Coroner (Mr F A Jones) and • jury on Monday after- noon at the Warrington Police Station. The death of Hugh Yardley, • carter in the employ of Messrs Buckley and Co, who resided at 127, Mersey-street, formed the subject of the inquest. It appears that at laeven o'clock on Thursday, August 22nd, the deceased in company with kman named Jenkin- son was in charge of a .van loaded with furniture for Mrs Walton, Fearnhead. When they arrived at their destination, for some reason the,furni- tura was not taken out of the van. At 230 the fultow- log morning the deceased returned home, bleeding from a wound on the right buttock. He told his wife that he was reaching a horse cloth on the shafts when one of the horses moved and he fell to the ground. In doing so he came into contact with a broken bottle, which caused the injury. He was attended by Dr .Langdale, bu;:, was seised with lockjaw and died. At the inquest Mr Steel appeared for the widow, and Mr Browne repre• seated Messrs Buckley and Co. Frances Ann Yardley, wife of the deceased, supported this statement. Deceased was sober when be left home and also when he returned.

In answer to Mr btee!, witness said her husband also told her that another man set out with him for Feara head but left Liao somewhere on the way, and when the accident happened deceased was all alone. He said he fell into a ditch and was lying unconscious for some time. At length, he managed to get up and was practically dragged to Padgate b 7 the horses. Here he managed to get on one of the horse's backs and rode to Messrs Buckley's. When he got to the place no one was there and he had to put the horses in as best he could. Since the accident she had received no communication from the firm in whose employ deceased had been since before Christmas. James Jenkinson, general labourer, 85, Church-street, said that at 7 p.m, oa August 22aa he accompanied the deceased from Mill-street to Fearnhes.4. They called at two public houses on the way and had a pint of beer at each. On atrival at Mrs Walton's at 10 p.m. witness took some things out of the van and went into the house. Oa returning he could see nothing of the de- ceased. He waited there until 11.30 and then went home,leaviag the horses and van at Fearnhead.Deceased bad had some drink but was not drunk. _

kr Steel; What did you think had become of him ? Witness I could not say unless he had had a sleep somewhere. I told Mrs Waltga I was not going to un- load the van myself, I said I would come again first thing in the morning. Mr Steel : Did Mrs Walton refuse to have the furni turA because deceased was under the influence of drink. Witness : I did not hear her say so. Mr Steel: What did you think would become of the horses ?

Witness : I cannot say anything about that. Further questioned witness said he made no search for the deceased.

By Mr Browne : They were loading the furniture from a cottage in Mill-street from 2 to 7 o'clock. During that time they had two drinks at the Mason's Arms. They called at two public houses on the way to Fearnbead. When he found &ceased was miss- ing he did not tell Mrs Walton he bad gone to have a drink somewhere. Deceased was no; very drunk but they "could see he had had a drop." Mr Browne: Was he fit to unload the furniture. Witness: No he was not.

The Coroner: But for the man's statement to his wifo it might have been a very serious matter to you. Supposing he had been found dead, a serious qaestion would have arisen with regard to you. Witness : Yes, I thought about that next morning. Dr C H Ferguson, junior house surgeon at the Infirmary, said deceased was admitted to the institution on September 9th. Be had a suppurating wound on the right buttook three inches deep, and was also suffering from lock jaw. He died on September 12th at 7 pm. Death was due to the injury. Dr Langdale attended the man at his residence previous to hie removal to the Infirmary. On behalf of Messrs Buckley Mr Browne said the firm I were exceedingly sorry that the accident had happened. The horses were very quiet ones. AThej ury returned a verdict of " Accidental death" and expressed the opinion that Jenkins= ought not to have lett the houses. The Coroner : I quite agree with you. Jenkinson was censured by the Coroner who said that if deceased had been found dead, Jankineon would have been the last person to see him, and it would be very naturally assumed that he had had a quarrel with the deceased and done something to him.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH FROM IMMERSION.

A Latchford Woman Falls Into the

Bridgewater Canal.

Mr S Brighouse, County Coroner, conducted an in quest at the Warrington Police Station on Thursday, relative to the death of Martha Ann Wylde, 57, Wash. lane. Latchford, who died in the Infirmary on Monday night, item the effects of immersion. At the outset, the Coroner remarked that the jury would have to rely entirely upon what the husband said in coming to a decision as to how the deceased came by her death. Itiappeared that on Monday evening :she and her husband were at the house of Mrs Surnby, 11, Leonard-streer, Stockton Heath. They set out for home at 9.25. According to the police statement they had had some drink but were not drunk. They were on very good terms and left arm in arm. They were going home by way of Twenty Steps Bridge along the banks of the BridgewateiCanal• The husband said that on getting a short distance past the locks he went on in front of his wife rind hearing a splash he turned back. Be saw deceased's bat dlating in the;we.ter and:heard deceased struggling. Ile dived in to rescue her but eventually they were both pulled out of the water by a boatman named Joseph Knight, and another man. I):ceaaed was taken to a neighbouring house and artificial respir- ation having been restorted to, Dr Parker was sent for, and ordered her removal to the Infirmary. She was taken to that institution by the police, and died at 11 45 the same night from the effects of the immersion. Annie Sumby, 11, Leonard-otreet, stated that when deceased and her husband left her house to go home they were on friendly terms. They bid both bad drink but were not drunk.

John Lowe, lockrnaster for th 3 Bridgewater Canal Company, and residing at Twenty Steps Bridge. said that at 9.30 on Monday night he was attending to his duties when he saw the deceased and her husband go down the steps to the canal bank. They were both under the influence of drink, anyone could see that. Shortly after wards he heard a shout that someone had fallen into the canal, and on going Co the bank saw the deceased in the water. With the assistance of a man named Knight he got her out and conveyed her to his house, where artificial respiration was applied. She was subsequently removed to the hfirmary. When witness came to the canal bank, dccsased's husband was stand- ing against the wall. He had been in the water, but Knight had got him out. Joseph Knight, 565, York-terrace, Latchford, said he was on the deck of a barge when he heard a shout. Be got deceased's husband out of the water with a boat hook, and stortly afterwards he and Lowe pulled the woman out.

Nurse Scott said te deceitaed was admitted to the Infirmary at 11 o'clock on filliaday night suffering from the effects of immersionz and died at midnight from heart failure.

- -- -- James Wylde, the huiband of the deceased, was then called. fie said deceased was sober but bad had some drink. Witness was also sober. _ -

The witness Lowe was recalled and asked by the Coroner if the public had any right to go along the canal hank. _

Lowe replied that they had not. Really they were tre3passing, and if they went that Way they diu so on their own responsibility. XiThe Jury returned a verdict of "Aenidentsl death" and said the husband was entirely trie from blame. The Coroner, addreping. WyldA, said he saw what an unpleasant and even dangerons position, taking too much drink led people into. Supposing there had been a quarrel between Wylds and his wite before they went I out, what a irsition he might have been placed in, be- cause there was no one present bat himself to tell the story. Toe moral of it was that he ought not to take drink.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
AWoman's Sad Death.

An inquest was conducted at the Warrington Police Station on Monday, by Mr F A Jones (deputy coroner) relative to the death of Ellen Musgrave, a widow, aged 52, who resided at I, Jolley's Court, and died in the Infirmary on Mon- day evening. Annie Barnes, 1, Jolley's Court, said ' deceased lodged with her and had been in the habit of sleeping on a sofa in the kitchen. At 10.20 on Saturday night witness and her husband retired to rest leaving the deceased as usual, in the kitchen. She was then in her usual health and spirits. On going downstairs at eight o'clock on Sunday morning witness found the de- ceased lying unconscious on the back kitchen floor bleeding from a wound at the back of the head. Dr Thorpe was Pent for and ordered deceased's removal to the Infirmary, where she died the same day. Deceased bad for a number of years suffered from fits and had fallen down on several occasions when seized with them. A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. KNUTSFORD PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION.

REGISTRATION OF PARLIAMENTARY ELLCToRS, COUNTY ELECTORS, AND FAROCEIIAL ELECTORS, 1901.

IVT'OTICE IS HEREBY LIIVEN, That CLEMENT ELPHINSTONE LLOYD, ESQUIRE, having been appointed one of the Barristers to REVISE THE LISTS OF ELECTORS in Parliamentary Elections, within the North Wales Circuit, will make a Circuit and hold Courts for Revising the Lists of Parliamentary Electors, County Electors and Parochial Electors, and also ot the separate List of Persons entitled to be elected Members of the County Council of the County of Cnester, though not ea titled to be on the County Electors Roll of the said County,for the KNUTSFORD DIVISION of the COUNTY OF CHESTER, at the several Limes and places following, that is to say on MONDAY, the 23rd day of September next at 11,20 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the National Scnool, Disley, For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz. : DIsLEY POLLING DISTRICT—DisIey, Lyme Handley, and Newtown. WHALEY BRIDGE POLLING DlSTRlCT—Kettleshulme, Taxan, and Yeardsley-cum-Whaley. On MONDAY, the 23rd day of September next, at 2 45 o'clock in the afternoon, at the News Room, Poynton, For the several Parishes in the followine Polling District, viz.: POYNTON-WITH-WORTH POLLING DISTRICT—Poynton-witn-Wortb and Woodford. On TUESDAY, the 24th day of September next. at 11 45 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Sunday Scnool. Bollington, for the several Parishes in the following Polling districts, viz .—BOLLINGTON POLLING' DIS- TRIG r—tiollington, formerly the Parishes of Bolliegroa and Kerridge, and Pott Shrigley. RAINOVV POLLING DlSTRlCT—Macclesfield Forest and Rainow. On TUESDAY, the 24th day of September next, at 230 o'clock in the Afternoon, at the Black Boy Inn, Prestbury- for the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz :—ADLINGTON POLLING DlSTRlCT—Adlington and Newton. PRESTBURY POLLING DISTRICT—ButIer, Fillibroome, Mottrana St Andrew, Prestbury, Tvtherington and Upton. On THURSDAY, th- 26th day of September next, at 11.30 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Puhic Hall, Alderley Edge, for the several Parishes in the following Polling District, viz :—ALDERLEY POLLING DIS- TRICT—Alderley Ede., Alderley Neither, Alderley Over, Chorley and Warford Great. On FRIDAY, the 27ch day of September next, at 11.15 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the National School, Siddington. For the several parishes in the following Polling District, viz : SIDDINGTON POLLING Dl'S— TRlCT—Capesthorn, Cheltord, Marton, Siddington, Snelson, Semerford Booths, Witbington Lower and Withington Old.

On FRIDAY the 27;11 day of September next, at 1.45 o'clock in the Afternoon. At the Club ROOM of the Bell's Head Hotel, Holmes Coapel. For the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling District. viz: HOLMES CHAPEL POLLING DISTRICr— Brereton-curn-Smethwick, Byle. that part of the Parish formerly iitIOWO as Bvley-cum-Yatehouse ; Ceurcb Hulme, Cotton, Cranage, Davenport, Kermincharn, Leese. Somerford, that part of the Parish formerly known as Somerford-cum-Radnor ; Sproston, that part of the Parish formerly known as Mooresbarrow.cum Parme; Sproston, that part of the Parish formerly known as Sproston; Swettenharn and Twemlow. On SATURDAY, the 28th day of September next, at 10.15 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Session, House. Knutsford. For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districte. viz: ASTON-BY-13UDWORTH POLL- ING DISTRICT Aaton-bc-Bud vorth, Crowley and Pickmere- KNUTSFORD POLLING DISTRICT— Bex- ton, Knutsford, Mere, 011erton, Tabley Inferior, Table!. Superior, Tattort nd Tcft. MOBBERLEY POLLINO DISTRICT Meehan-cum-War ford and Mobberley OVER PEOVER POLLING DISTRICT Blackden Goostrey-cum-Barnshaw, and Peover Superior. On Monday, the 30:h day of S-ptember next, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Club Rom of the Black Greyhound Inn, Lsstock Gralam. For the severs/ Parishes and part of a Parish in the following Polling Districts viz.: ALLOSTOCK POLLING DISTRICT— Allostoek, Peover Inferier and Peover Nether. LOS- TOCK GRALAM POLLING DISTRICT—Lath Dennis. Lostock Gralam, Plumley, Rudheath and Whatcroft that part of the Parish formerly known as Shipbrook. On Tuesday,the lst day of October next, at 12 o'clock Noon, at the Large Room, Grappenhall. For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz. : GRAPPENHALL POLLING DlSTRlCT—Grappenhall, Latchford Without, and Warrington, that part within the Geographical County of Chester. On Tuesday, the let day of October next, at 2.15 o'clock in the Afternoon, at the Club Room of the London Bridge Inn, Stockton Heath. For the Several Parishes in the following Polling District, a iZ• : APPLE- TON POLLING DISTRICT—Appleton with Burl. Stockton Heath and Stratton. On Wednesday, the 2nd day of October next. at 11.45 o'clock in the Forenoon at the Magistrates' Court Eouse Daresbury. For the several Parishes in the followieg Polling Districts. viz. :—DARESBURY POLLING DIS- TRICT—Acton Graege, Daresbury, Hatton Kekewick, Moore, Newton-by-Daresbury,'Preston-e'tlAill, Walton Inferior and Walton Superior. WHITLEY POLLING DlSTRlCT—Antrobus, Seven Oaks, Whitley Inferior and Whitley Superior. And for all and every the Parishes, Townships, and places (if any) within the said Knutsford Division of the County of Chester, for which Courts to Revise the Parliamentary Electors' Lists County Electors' Lists and Parochial Electors' Lists therein, have not bereinbofore been appointed. At the Courts for such of the above.mentioned Parishes or parts of Parishes as are situate within the Parliamentary Borough of Warriegton. the Barrister will, under the above Notice, revise the Ownership List only for Such Parishes or parts of Parishes. All Overseers and other persons whose attendance may be necessary, are hereby required to attend the said Courts at the several times and places aforesaid, at which the Lists of their resp7ctive Parishes are hereby appointed to be revised, and all Overseers are required to produce in Court the Rate Book.; of their respective Parishes, containing the Poor Rates made and allowed during the period between the sth day of January, 1900. and the 15th day of July, 1901, and to bring with them copies of their Lists, and all Notices of Claims and Objrctions, and other Papers they have received, con- cerning the Registration of Parliamentary Electors for the Knutsford Division and County and Parochial Elec- tors of the said County of Chester. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Council, Chester, 21st August. 1901.

IF DOUBTFUL WHIMS TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE,

H ARROPS LTD.,

122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOS

CAN SUIT YOU.

DASH Oa EASY PAYMENTS. DRAWING-ROOM.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
DINING-HOONI AND

BEDROOM SUITES; BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING.

KITCHEN FURNITURE, BASSINSTTRS AND MAIL CARTS.

( FEW SEOP-SOTLED ONES AT COST)

HOUSE FURNISHERS,

In the country and manufacture nearly every article they sell. They oupply goods on the easy payment system cheaper than most houses eft) for cash.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKE A NOTE OF THE ADDRESS AND CALL

_ HARROPS LTD., _ 122. BRIDGE-STUB/3T WARRINGTON, INSPECT OUR STOCK

NO ONE PRESSED TO BUY

DR. J. COLLiS BROW NES CHLOKODYNB. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CiILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderfeland valuable remedy ever di. Covered. CHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for %.1 Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Droup, Ague. rIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and lithe only specific in Cholera and Dysentery, eILILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacka of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. (-113LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neura- -1 V./ gia, Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis. &e.

From Dr. B. J. Bora:rots AND Co., Horttcastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It inducer a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses . this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects.

--'7l-1;r1 Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's c:onsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNR."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEIVARE OF PI/LACY AND IMITA- TIONS. - -

CAUTION.—Vice-ChanctliWr-STr-P7. Patin Wnon stated that Dr. j. co"as Baowaa was, an.loubtedly, the Inventor ct "OHLORODYNE " end that the story a the defendant FREEmer, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted bss say bad been sworn to.—See :inter, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. WI, Es. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWN'S'S OHLOIIODYNR "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm; ling Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

===== 0002601_19010920_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
, i °.. fil ' 8 'll ' ' 1 ' ;f$ - k i , . 1 " 1 . , , .. ~ • -1... i ' 1- • i 11,k 1, ' • , . . • ...i ' 1 , , 1 f 1 ( ' ; 1 a $ . /4,, , $ , • ' $ , , , ! , , : $. , $ . ' - 8 It; ~, t 4'. , ..•., , •,',‘ ~' ',. , ~.f.. , ~

===== 0002601_19010920_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURE YOUR LIFE.

• Insure your life against the attacks of disease by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. This preparation is The Best Remedy of the Age for Weak- ness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Low Spirits, Sleepless- ness, Influenza, and Chest Affections. A promising future has often been clouded through the breaking down of the bodily health. Timely use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and a fair trial, always gives satisfaction to all, for it makes the weak strong, and strengthens the nerves to withstand many ailments. Indigestion, in its different form, has many symptoms, e.g., a dry cough, sick headache, foul breath, furred tongue, bitter taste, heartburn, cramp, pain in the stomach, flatulence, frequent sighing, a sense of fullness and oppressions after eating, and the like. All may be removed by taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A sense of indisyssition to exertion, loss of strength, faint- ness. languour, and depression of spirits, are classed under the cemmon name of debility. This disease, from which so many suffer in some of its various forms, is really the result of some detect in the blood, its want of tone and vitality. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters a pure vegetable tonic medicine, give tone to the blood, new life to the system and strength to the debilitated. Sild everywheie in bottles 2s. 9cl. and 43. 6d. each.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT A TIMELY USE WOULD DO.

Consumption implies consuming, decaying, wasting away. Hence, any form of disease that shows decay or wasting of any of the bodily powers, without the ability to convert the food, which may be taken into fresh power to arrest the progress of this dec ins', is Consump- tion. A timely use of Gwilym Evans' Qiinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, ti waken up the bodily powers to new life, would arrest the disease, and indeed, banish it from the system. The impoverished blood in the human system may be made rich in all the elements of vitality, bringing strength to the system. freedom from pain to the body and comfoit to the home, by using Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. When Dyspepsia holds its cruel sway the undigested food lies like a big lump ia the stomach, cawing intense pain and a sensation of heavi— ness. Fermentation ensues, generating sour wind with local irritation. The power of this dread tyrant is effectually broken by takinr Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. When purchasing this preparation, see that you get it. The name " Gwilym vans"E must be found cn the label, on the scamp, and on the blttle, to insure its being genuine. When you find the name, then you are sure there is no mistake. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 23. 93. and 43. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Storss, or will be sent. carriage free, on receipt of stamp, direct, by the Sole Proprietors Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

NEGLECT OF CHILDREN-A LAZY FATHER SENT TO GAOL

Ou Friday morning, Ed ward Livesey, 13. Prince-street was charged at the Warrington PAice C ourt. before Councillor Smethurst and other magistrates, with neglecting his two children on September 12:h and other dates—Mr Browne prosecuted:on behalf of the N.S.P.C.O and said the prisoner had plenty of work to go to if he liked, but be was always drinking. For the last seven weeks he had Riven his wile only 284, an average of 43 per week. His children were poorly clothed and verminous but the Inspector thought the vermin was doe to the fact that the woman had no change of clothing to put on the children. One child was very sickly, and the lice might have come on her for that reason.—Prisoner's wife was called and said her husband, in addition to being a drunkard, gambled and be gave her a shilling now and then when he won anything.—Mrs Bowden, a neighbour, said she had seen prisoner abuse his wife and children. The chil- dren often had to run out of the house owing to their father's conduct. Prisoner was a drunken scamp.—Superintendent Monaghan described the prisoner as a lazy wastrel. He was a very bad character indeed. His wife was a hard working woman —The Chief Constable said that was prisoner's sixth ap pearance.—Livesey was then charged with neglecting to provide reaaonable maintenance for hi a wife and chi dren whereby he caused his wife to leave him—Mrs Livesey said be left the prisoner on Monday owing to his neglect. She now asked for a separation order.— The Bench considered an, case was a bad one and sent prisoner to goal for four months with hard labour. His wife was granted a separation order with 103 per WeEk maintenance.

SCENE ON THE To OF A'S —PASSENGER AND CHECKER As.AULTED.

At the Warrington notice Court on Monday, before Mr F Monks (presiding) and other magistrates, George Brooks, 54,E lesmere-road,Stockton Heath, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street at ten a'clock on Saturday night, and also with having assaulted Frank II ughton (Appl,t ,n) and Joseph Healey. Mr E A Coanor prosecuted in th assault cases, and Mr Steel represented the defendant, who pleaded guilty to bnth charges —lir Connor said that at the time mentioned on S tur- day night the defendant CT as on the top of the Stockton Heath 'bus. Mr Houghton got on the 'bug, and seeing a vacant seat beyor.cl the defendant asked lsim to move into it, and to make room for him. Fla received no reply, and not wishing to trouble defendant further passed in front of him to the seat. Defendant there- upon used very filthy language, and struck him a sevJre blow between the neck and the shoulder. Be struck him a second time, and Mr. Floughton called to the checker, Joeeph Healey, to remove the defendant from the 'ous. Toe ch,cker went up and asked defendant to leave the 'bus without any bother. He refused. The checker got hold of him by the coat and pulled him off the seat. Defendant tried to push him over the side of the 'bus. Mr Healey freed himself, and defend- ant then struck at him with a set of bwls he was carrying. Mr Houghton fortueately saw defendant's intention, and broke the force of the blew. It was, however, suffieiently severe to raise a lump on Healey's head. Defendant made another attempt to strike Healey, and then clutched him by the face, leaving the marks of his nails in the flesh. Two police constables went to Heals) 's assistsece, and with great difficulty got defendant off thea'bus to the Police Station. Mr Hcnghton did no wish to press the cage tco much as far as he was concerned, but tne asiault on thechecker was rather more sericua—Mr Seel said that on Saturday defendant was invited to a bowling match at Sankey, and while there was persuaded to take more than was good for him of whiskey. When going home he was undoubtedly in a very drunken state. He remembered nothing that took place, and was now extremely sorry for what he had done,and ex- pressed himself as such to both Mr Houghton and Mr Haley. He (Mr Steel) would point out that no assault was comMt•ed upon Heale3 until he tried to pull defendant off the 'husa—The Chairman : He did so in the execut,on of his c.:uty.—Mr Steel : Quite so. He asked the magistrates to deal as leniently as possib'e with defendant. He was well known in the town, and for many years am licensee of the Rirg 'a Bells Inn,en Wilderspool Causeway.—The Chairman said the rnag,'s- trates recognised,in this case; that the public exposure was some penalty to the defendant. Their decision was that be should he fined 54 for having been drunk and disorderly,and 10; for the assaults. They would also allow the prosecuting advocate's fee.

SESIJEL TO A SCHOOLBOY'S THRASHING.-ASFACLT CASE IN MILL-STREET.

At the Warrington Police C iurt on Tuesday, before Alderman Sutton and other magistrates, Thomas Hogan, labourer, Cambria. place, was charged with having on the 16 h inst assaulted Henry Clare and Patrick Burke was craarged with using threatrl to Clara—Mr Browne, who appeared to prosecute, said that Clare was coach- man for Weave Rlwson and Sons, wine and spi. it 'Merchants, and ho was chopping in a loft in the yard off Mill-street when he heard a child scream even above the noise of the chopping machine. He rushed into the street and saw a person unmercifully thrashing a child. He got the child away, but it then became uncinsc'crua, and went black in the face. Lemonade was given to it and afterwards some brandy, but it did not appear to be any better and a Mr Wood volunteered to talc, it to the Infirmary. No sooner had the M3ll got hold of the child to take it to the Infirmary than Hogan came up andlasking Clare what he had to do in the matt r:struek him in the mouth and also used violent language. Burke followed him and tried to strike complainant, but be did not socceed. At this time Mr. Fairhurst, wheel- wright, ercappenhall and Mr Thomas, licensed victualler came upon the scone and prevented any further asaata't being committed. Burke used " most awful" threats. and Mr Clare was afraid that un'ess something Wag done the man would do him come harm.—The Chair- man : Whose child waii it ? Mr Browne : That is a matter for another case. Proeeedings may or may not be taken. The child has nothing whatever to Go with the defendant, The complainant gave corroborative evidence, and said that a teacher from King-street school flogged the child —James Ward, a joiner, said that Hogan was drunk and rambling about the streets. He thought he was too drunk to hurt anyone.—Mr Wood, grocer, Wilders- pool Causeway, said he saw Clare pick up the child. Witness at first thought it was dead, as its lips were blue, audit was bleeding from the ear, It seemed to have been very badly illused• He went into the school and asked who had been beating the child, and one of the teachers said she had done an, She came with him to see the child. Witness offered to take the child to the Infirmary and Clare was hand- ing the boy to hind when Hogan Came up and shoved Mr Clare. at the some time making use of abusive lan- guage !Clare gave Hogan a "shove.' Burke came up and used threats.—For the defence Elizabeth Stanley said she saw a teacher from the school caning a little boy in I Mill-street. Hogan came up at the time. He was drunk. Clare was carrying on about the teacher, and Hogan asked what had the matter to do with him. Clare told I him:that if be did not mind his own business he "would do it for him." Clare threw him to the floor, and did the same again two or three times. Hogan was too

dna* to do anything. Burke wanted te fight Clare.— Sarah Durkin said she saw the little boy in question kicking the schoolmistress. The lad threw himself into a fl. The teacher struck him three times with a half- penny cane. She had seen the lad several times in these fits. When his mother threatened to punish him he would throw himself into a fit. Hogan "did nothing as. he was too drunk "—By Alderman Shaw Green The child did not look ill.—Alderman Sutton: That is rather strange. Witness: The child could not have been very LI, as it went bcme. Toe Chief Constable stated that this was Burke's 49.0 d appearance; the other defendant now made his 23rd appearance. Tne detendants were well known street bullies, and be was not surprised that some of the witnAsses were aftaid to give evidence against them.— Hogan was fined 40i or a month's imprisonment; Burke was tr,und over to keep thP peace for six months, himself in £2O and a surety in £lO. or a month's imprisonment in detsult. He was also ordered Ito pay the costs, including the advocate's fee.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19010920_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

FRID/kr.—Before Councillor Smethurst (in the chair). and Jost' Roberts and Mr Henry Thornton PIIGILIsTIC WOMEN —Mary Marsh. 65. Pierpoint-street, wss summoned for assaulting Sophie Harris 82, Pierpornt- street on September sth —There was a cross-summons against Harris for assaulting Marsla.—Harris stated that she was passing Mrs Marsh's house when Mrs Marsh came out and Struck her in the face. Inflicting a black eye.—Marsh stated that Harris struck the first blow.—A neighbour who was called said the women were " having a fair fight with fists."—The Bench described the affair as disgraceful and dismissed both csses. ANITTIER CASE IrAoNt PIERPOINT-STREE r.—Margaret Var- ley, Ts. Pierpoint-street, was summoned for assaulting David Patrick, 73, kierpolnt-street. on aeptember Bth. —Complain ant stated that he was sitting on the doorstep when defendant Came up and struck him in the face.—Defendant was bounc over to keep the peace and ordered to pay 198 costs. WOMEN'S QUAIaRELL—JuIia McCormaCk,Ellen McCormack and Winiferi McCormack. 34, Youndry-street, were summoned for assaulting Mary o•Donald, 3. Bakehouse Yard on the 9th Inst.—Complainant stated that she was gadrig to work when Mrs McCormack and her daughters rushed at her, seized her by the hair of the head and thumped her in the race.—Other evidence give“ was to the effect that Mrs McCormack and Mrs O'Donald were fighting and the daughters separated them.—The case against the daughters was dismissed and the other parties were bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay their own costs.—Kate Gerrard, 4 Bakehowe-yard was then summoned for ass suiting Mary O'Dunaid —The case evolved out of the last, and after hearing the evidence the Bench dismissed it —Gerrard was then charged with assault- ing Mary O'Donall. senior, and was bound over and Ordered to pay the costa.—Mary O'Donald jun., was now summoned for using threats towards Annie Hoarty, 29. Dolmaree-lane, and the case was dismissed.

MONDAY.—Before Mr F Monks in the chair), Councillor Smethurst. and Measrs.Thrchall, Hayward, Wright, and

Thornton.

VIOLENT PRlSoNEßS.—jain—es—H—lghatn, 13. Hin d-street, Was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Scotland- road on Saturday afternoon, and also with assaulting P C Cooper. Cooper said he heard the prisoner, who was drunk, using bad language and took him into custody. He went quietly as far as Pig-hill, and then commenced to be violent He got hold of witisess by the throat, and they struggled to the ground. where prisoner kicked him on the leg.—William Hugnes gave corroborative evidence.—Superintendent tdonaghan. said the prisoner had been before the magistrates twelve times, and had previously had two months' imprisonment for a police and common assault. He was a convicted thief and a bad character. Prisoner was committed to gaol for three months. The magistrates thanked Mr Hughes for assisting the constable —William Bradrhaw, or Blanchard. St. Factory-lane, was charged with hiving been drunk and disorderly in Factory-lane on Satur- day night, and with assaulting P C Mulroy. Mulroy said the defendant was in Factory lane shouting at the top of his voice. He refused to go away and struck witness in the chest. He was very violent on the way to the Police Station. The Chief Constable observed that assaults on the police were curiously numerous just now. Defendant was fined bs for the first offence and be and costs for the assault. SAVAGE ASSAULT IN BEWSKY-STKEET.--Jamee Verdin, Catherine-street, was charged with having been drunk in, Bewsey-street, early on Sunday morning, and also with assaulting Thomas Rutter.—Mr Rutter, who lives In Regant- steer, said he was going home along Beasev-street at mid- night on Saturday. and saw a crowd opposite the Bewsey Chambers. He went, to the pace and saw prisoner lying on the ground very still: He (witness) made a remark to some- one to the effect that prisoner knew what he was about, and went away. He had gone about twenty yards, when he was suddenly attacked from behind by prisoner and knocged down, his head coming in contact with a stone. He was stunned and had to be assisted up. He afterwards went to the infirmary and hid his injury attended to.—Primner said he was sutject to hystfrrics arid very little drink put him out.—Mr. bircball : You have no business to drink at all. —Defendant was fined 5s for the first offence, and 5s and costs far the assau.t.

HAD CHARLCTERS SEVERELY PUNISHED. -Eliza Eickiey, Sarah Ellen Davies. Sarah Futhey, Ann Peers, Kate Ridg- way and William Moston were zharged with bleeping in a ' cricket pavilion in a fold cff Gorsey-laue at 1.1.0 on Sunday rnrning —P C.Metcalf proved the ';ase and said the pavilion belonged to the Grammar School Cricket Club.—Mr Carruthers, a master at the Grammar school, said consider- able damage was done so the pavilion by person• sleeping in it..—The Chief Constable said that Riog way had not been before the Court previously and she was remande I for three days with a view to giving her a chance for reformation.— The other prisoners, who were stated to be some of the worst characters in Warrington were sent to gaol for three months.

BEGGING.—Thomas Iroy, Rose and Crown-street.who Was described as an habitusl criminal who had had five years penal servitude, Was sent to gaol for begging in Winwick- street. on Saturday for a month, P.C. stuart proved the case. TUESDAY —Before Aldernaaa Sutton (in the chair), Mr Birchall,aldermen Shaw Green and Hutchinson,and Dr Fox. UNPRoNoUaCABLE NAlficB.—A Russian Pole. whose name was put down on the charge sheet as Charles Brown, was charged with stealing from the dwelling-house of Sarah Saxon, the Packet Stage. on Monday, a suit of clothes. tha property of Dzidon MatulairzLiz.—The Chief Col:unable Said the prisoner and prosecutor were Russian roles employed as Preach polishers in the town and tisey lodged at Mrs saxon's house. The prosecutor, whose nano it was almost impossible for a British mouth to pronounce owing to the confused jumble ot consonants, missed his clothes. in consequence of a erat.-.ment, made to him by his landlady. he went in search of the prisoner and Charged him with,lhe tbeft, but he denied all knowledge of It. However the "'gentleman with the name " went to the Police Station and reported the matter, and it was found that the prisoner had pawned the clothes at a eh .o in Kuutsford-road for 12s•—The prosecutor then went into the box and gave ii c name.—The Chief Con- stable It sounds like a disease. (Laughter.) -The prisoner. was sent to gaol for seven days. WaDNESDAY—Safore Mr Birchall (in the chair) and alderman Monks.

IMPUDENT!) TEFirrs —Thomas Duggan, a stranger to the town, was charged with stealing from the shop of Messrs Scales and eon, Bridge-street. at ten minutes to six on Tues- day evening, a pair of men's boots, value 14s 6(1 and also with stealing from the shoo of ISam Houghton on the same day, a pilot jacket and cotton shirt value 171 td.—The Chief Constable sail prisoner was seen by a man to take the boots away from the shop door of Messrs Scales. A youth named William Close. in the employ of the prosecutors followed him, but prisoner got away. He was also followed by a gentleman named Hotigh who pointed prisoner out. to P.U. Fish, who apprehended him. He then acted as if he was drunk, but when he (the Chief Constable) saw him he was sober. He admitted stealing the bouts. With regard to the seOoni ch.rge prisoner was seen to go into the prosecutor's shop and leave suddenly. The coat and shirt were atterwards missed. Prisoner pawned the jacket in KnutsMrd-mad, and wes wearing the shirt when arrested.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month on each charge.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions. W EDNEBDAY.—Before Messrs John White (in the chat;) and

S It Armitage. A CUERDLEY ASSAULT CASc.—Frederick 31.,lanse!I was charged with assaulting Dorothy Tuson at Cuerchey on September 9113.—Mr Browne &Neared for the complainant, and defendant w,s represented by Mr J W Knowles. —The case for the prosenitlon was that on the morning in question the comphinant's husband met the defendant and a young Irishman at the "Cross "Inn, Cuerdley. Mr Tuson invited t:e Irishman t 3 come to his house for some breakfast The Irishman accepted the invitation and the defendant accompanied him to the house. After breakfast defendant complained of feeling uuwell,and giving Mr Tuson 7d asked him to fetch a quart of beer from the •• Cross" Inn, and have a drink himself. The Irishman went with Air Tuson, and during their absence complainKht was taking some water to put in a pan on the fire, when defendant, who had been sitting in an armchair, committed the meault complained of. Complainant ran out and sent a message to her husband, As he was coming horns he found the defendant crouching behind a hedge, Mr. Tusoa called him a vile scoundrel and hit him on the head with a quart bottle. Defendant got up and knocked Mr Tuson down, breaking his arm.—The defence was a complete denial of the charge.— after hearing the evi ence the Bencu fined defend- ant 20s and costs.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions,

MONDAY.—Bcfore Meagre A. R. Norman (in the chair), and 11V

TEMPaRaRY AUTHORITY.—JaneJ Bradley applie4 for tem- porary authority to sell beer t ' • The Three Crowns " King- atreet.—lbspector Bunion said that the applicant's character was quite sktistactory.--Ehe application was grouted. _

- B.szaca oil' THE PEACE.-4i'lliartl Whittaker was charged with committing a breach of the peace by fighting on the 24th August at Weston Point.—P.., Rowlands said that at 9 46 defendant was fighting with a man named McLean who had already been bound over for the offence at South-road, Weston Point. There was a great disturbance and a very ' large crowd. Defendant stated that at 830 he was drinking in a public house and when be came out McLean struck him without provocation.—Defendant was bour d over to keep the peace for six month in his own surety of £5. REP:PING • DISIRDERLY HOUSE —Sarph Brown and her daughter May Brown were merged with keeping a dis- orderly house at 33, Friar-street, liunCorn.—The police evi- dence showed that offences had been committed at divers dates from March of the present year to the present time.— The mother stated that she took in washing for sailors which accounted for them being at her house. She had not mis- conducted herself.—The daughter. denied that she had assisted her motzer in any way in beeping a disirderly house.—Sarah Brown was sent to jail for one month hard labour and May Brown, the daughter, was bound over for Six Months with one surety of £2. ALLEGED POACHING b ALTON.—An old man named William Watson, Halton. was charged with unlawfully Possession on the Bth September at said that on the date named he was naavidit nnu tgny. —gbayPm. teah. Uptonnh i s ei cemetery in Huncorn-road Halton, when he met the defendant who was carrying a dead leveret in a red pocket handkerchief. When questioned by witness defendant said that be had found it in Hickson's field when

Don't say you can't iron

because your previous at- tempts have not been as successful as ycu could wish. It is nest to impossible to

have good ironing with poor

starch. and there are many poor starches sold in the shops. Colman's Starch is a good starch, a starch that stands the ironing test.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
COL ANt ST At CH

See thal Colmr Name

Soid in Cardl

!board Boxes. the ..4*/, • .r. Bull's Head an's tyx..:! . '0 .% are on and the Box.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
FANCIES.

We've head it said sometimes in jest We must have been before, Upoa the green old earth we love And think of it no more. But is it quite impossible These words some truth contain, The world is very wonderful We'll think ot it again. Can I have been a daisy once Or other tiny flower, Since change and evo:ution strange Elave brought in to this hour• They say that in the universe No matter we destroy, It only changes form they say As sorrow into joy. When autumn leaves are falling fast And wittier to decay, Their atoms only sepaiate They cannot pass away. When men are old and kn iv; this life On earth must soon be o'er. They often try to make mat.kind More happy than before. But if there be no other life For us beyond the grave, Woy bull they s,) much tr-Ar`ole take, Tee world from sin to save. If endless chanzing forms of life G 9 on eternally, Why may not creatures less evolved Become like you and mc.

Warrington, Sept. 1901.

S. KENYON.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington and the Early Temperance

Movement.

1 Mr Arthur Mounfield, of Warrington, editor e the " Independent Methodist," writes to th • *Standard ' as follows :—I have followed with intertst the letters to which you have given space upon the labours of "The Seven men of Preston " in connection with what is commonly regarded as the first temperance society. I should like to say, purely as a matter of history, that an earlier effort and total abstinence society had existence in con- nection with a church of the denomination to which I belong. In March, 1830, Warrington was the scene of an effon made by Mr G LI Birkitt, of Dublin, and Mr W Wood, of Manchester. Toey were members of the Society of Friends, and appear to have held friendly relations with the " Qiaker Methodists," a body formed in 1797 by the fusion of Methodists and Qoakers, and which subsequently became the exist- ing Independent Methodist denomination. Several days of effort failed to secure a room for the teach- ing of temperance principals ; but the meeting houses of the Quaker Methodists were opened to them, and in one of these at Stockton Heath the first society of which there is definite 'record was formed. It was founded upon the following total abstinence pledge, which is dated April 4, 1830 : " We, whose names are subscribed, believing that intemperance, with its attendant evils, is promoted by the prevailing opinions and practices of society with regard to toe use of intoxicating liquors, and th lt decided means are called for resolve to abstain cSieag thetticealnuse and practice of, and by all proper In from the use of inebriating liquors ourselves, and dissuadeea nto odtibsecrosunf rtoemnanu intemperance." I do not suggest that the members cf the societies which were subsequently formed in Warrington and distant can claim a place in the history of temperance equal to that deservedly given to the Seven lien of Preston, but the date of the pledge and the well-established account of the society give it priority in date, it not in in- fluence, to the Preston movement.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIO.

ER PS'S

GPATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BREAKFAST-SUPPER,

HIE EXAMINER, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 20 1901.

Batley v. Oldham.

These teams met at Batley. Batley had three of their best men on the injured list, and the only change in the selected Oldnam team was the substitution of Spottis- woode fur Lluzz 3y. Williams scored an easy try,which Lees failed to cons ert. Civil added another try for Oldham,Lees this time being suc.:essiul at goal. Phillips after an attack on the Oldham line, scored a try. Half- time score :.—Oldham, one goal two tries; Batley, one try. Atter the interval the Bayley forwards rushed the leather into the visitors' quarter, where it remained for a considerable time. Civil was next conspicuous by a fine run. Toe ball was placed for Lees on the quarter line, and he was sucessf al at pal. Arthur Les scored a try, S Lees c)uverting. Score .—Oldham, three goals four tries (18 points) ; Batley, one try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19010920_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

FOOTBALLERS will be glad to know that the world-famed manufacturers, Geo. G. Bassey & Co,. of London, turn out balls. %bleb for quality, uniformity, and durability are uuique. These balls will be distinguish dby the appearance thereon of their well-known trads mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G. G B. & Co 's Price List,. If not procurable, apply t 35 and 38, Queen Victoria Street, London. Factory —Peskicam, SAL (1.)

ERmretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on liaturday must remh the Head Office, Hewsey-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN LEAGUE.

More Lancashire Successes. Warrington Win at Bradford.

The Warrington team had a very stiff task on hand last Saturday, when they journeyed to Bradford to engage last season's Yorkshire champions. A fine success over Batley the Saturday before, however, had given them plenty nf confidence, and the prospect of facing the heavy Bradfordians at Park Avenue did not dismay' them. The team left Warrington at 10 55, dined im Manchester, and reached Bradford comfortably at 1 sg. Fell was unfortunately unable to play, the severity of the working clause having caused the professional sub- committee to refuse his permit. F Swift filled the vacancy. On the Bradford side F Murgatroyd took the place of Hodgson at half. Splendid weather favoured the event, and some 7,000 spectators assembled on the fine ground at Park Avenue to see the team which gave Bradford their quietus in last season's cup-ties. Mr J H Smith (Widnes) was the referee and the teams lined out as follows :

Warrington : Hallam. full-back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Barris, three quarters; Burgess and Allen, half-backs ; Morrison, Emoldson, Scholtze, J Swift, F Swift, Eden, Cunningham and Jolley, forwards.

Bradford: Ward, full-baek; Pollard, Cooper, Heseftine and Sinton, three quarters; Marsden and F Murgatroyd, half-backs ' • Broadley, Grayson, B Smales, F Smales, Robertson, Newton, Turner and Johnson, forwards. Bradford won the toss, and Swift kicked off, Grayson returning to centre. A. scrimrhage ensuind, and Burgess was early penalised, but Bradford failed to improve upon it. Heseltine cleared trout a scrimmage, and run- ning well, passed to Cooper, who gave a running pass to Sinton, but the latter was forced into touch. Dickenson made his mark, and kicked well down the field, but Ward neatly took the hall and returned. Cooper made a brilliant attempt at goal from a penalty but the ball passed just outside the posts. Scrim- maging followed in the visitors' quarters, where War- rington were awarded a penalty, from which, however, they failed to derive *any material advantage. A mull by Marsden gave Isherwood an opportunity to smartly kick over the line. Fish followed up speedily but was just beaten by Ward, who kicked the ball dead. War- rington pressed hard on the home goal, and an effort by Cunningham to get over was frustrated only just on the line. Strong scrimmaging followed. At length, Cooper relieved with a good run, and pissed to Pollard, who was tackled at the centre. Heseltine spoiled an opportunity to score by a bacillus's to Sinton. Then War- rington came again and eventually Burgess scored a try after charging a kick by Murgatrovd. Fish failed to convert from an easy positioa. Half-time arrived with the scores at—Warrington, one try (three points) ; Bradford nil.

Broadly re-started, and Isherwood shortly afterwards made his mark. For some time the visitors were kept in their own half, but Fish at length came away to the centre with a fins run. Even play followed for some time- Isherwood picked up and ran, kicking well. Burgess, who a few minutes before had been momen- tarily incapacitated, followed up and scored a try far out, Hallam failing at goal. The game, which through- out had been fast, was now somewhat keen. Toe Bradford forwards worked hard, and pushed toeir opponents close to the goal-line. Some loose play followed, and from a scrimmage Marsden made a good attempt to get over, but was tackled in time. From a position directly in front of the posts Cooper kicked a penalty goal,for which he was cheered. The game was new more smartly contested than ever, each side doing the best they could to score. Harris for Warrington and Marsden for Bradford each got away with a rush, but were effectively tackled. A flue display of passing by Allen, Burgess, Dickenson, and Harris followed, but the last-named was tack'ed by Sinton after running past centre. From the scrimmage Marsden passed the ball to Cooper, who repassed to Pollard, the last-named player being rushed into touch. Cooper made a futile attempt at goal from a penalty, the ball going wide. Heseltine intercepted a pass rather neatly and made off, but Harris, who followed close on his heels caught him near the line and pushed him into touch. Loose play in the Warrington half ensued Sinton made a dash, but was tackled just on the line. Grayson got the ball over, but the reteree was against the try. Bradford renewed their efforts and it was only the cool defence of the Warrington backs which prevented a score. Hallam made one or two fine saves, and eventually Warrington cleared the line,forcing the hemesters back to centre. Jolley got his shoulder in- jured and left the field, time being called a few minutes later with Warrington winning a well-contested game by 2 tries (6 points) to Bradford one goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19010920_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn v Leigh.

There was but a poor crowd at Ir well-lane on Satur- day when Runcorn entertained Leigh. The visitors came with their strongest team, but Runcorn made an important alteration Wilkinson taking the place of Houghton at back and Richardson filling Wilkinson's place. The weather was all that could be desired. Runcorn won the toss and Dunbavin started,Butter worth finding touch at centre. Scrummaging ensued and Molyneux had hard lines in a good drop at goal. Leigh got well into the Runcorn quarters owing to Jolley tailing to gather at the right moment. A free kick relieved. Judicious combination by the home contingent gave no little trouble to the visitors' defence, and a dangerous rush by the home forwards compelled Pearson to touch down. Leigh in turn became the aggressors, but Jolley stopped the ri.sh. A series of exchanges gave Runcorn a more commanding position Jolley and Faulkner losing the ball at the ; critical moment. Ganley made a splendid run and was grassed by Butterworth when within an ace of scoring. The game quickly became one of a ding-dong character, both sides being visited in turn. Dunbavin beat his man, awl passing to Ganley nearly effected a score,but I Jones brought him down when on the line. Leigh still pressed the home defence bard, Ganley again being conspicuous with a fine run along touch, being stopped by Butterworth when on the line. Half-time arrived with a blank sheet. Farmer restarted and play settled down in the Leigh triarter. Jolley placed his side rep7atedly on the aggressivelbut the defence was „fn. jonpa dashed boldly for the line but erratic kick- ing enabled the visitors to reeover. Jones, however, making use of a good opportunity managed to scramble over the line, the goal kick failing. Leigh played up after this reverse. Runcorn were not to be denied and made repeated onslaughts on the visitors' lines. The back division of the visitors however began to combine splendidly and contested every foot of the ground stub- bornly. Play was carried to the centre and after much excitement owing to the keenness of the visitors' attock the whistle blew with Runcorn leading by one try to Leigh nil.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Swinton V. Huddersfield.

The first important msrclt Fartown was between teams representing Huddersfield and Swinton. It was not until the game was twenty minutes old that Huddersfield secured a tangible footing in the visitors' quarter. Just before had-time Preston kicked Swinton a goal from a free mark. At the interval the Lancastrians were leading by two points to nil. Huddersfield restarted well, and with a characteristic rush got over, Morgan saving splendidly. Huddersfield had to retire after this, and play was of a give•and.take order until passing by the Swinton half backs enabled Davies to , score a try. Toe point was not improved from a kick by Preston near touch. Huddersfield went to the other end, and W Dewlurst made a mark. Driver teok the kirk and landed a goal from a long shot. Just on time Huddersfield were again pressed, and Messer added a further try and Preston a goal therefrom. Score : Swinton,two goals and two tties (ten points) ; Hudders- field one goal (two points.)

===== 0002601_19010920_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Broughton Rangers V. Hull.

Beautifully fine westher favoured the game at Broughton, and 8,000 people saw the Rangers gain a brilliant victoty. They always played the better foot. ball, Widdeson and Rogg gaining tries for them quite easily. These same men with W James showed fine form subsequently, and the Rangers won very easily by twenty-Ax points to five. Sharp scored a try anti Parkinson dropped a goal for Hull.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Brighouse Rangers v. Hunslet.

At Lane Head, Brighouse, before two thousand spectators, in fine weather and on a sound turf. Punc- tually to time Lieutenant Sugden,who was greeted with kind applause, led the Brighouse men into the field for the first time since his return from the war. Rawlinsou made a capital run after intercepting an opponent's pass, but Hunslet maintained a foothold on Brighouse turf, and finally Whiteley scored from a pssi from Milburn, but Goldthorpe failed at a comparatively easy place. At half-time Hunslet were three points ahead. The Brighouse forwards by short rushes, and aided by Saville's prodigious kicking, took up a position near the Hunslet line, and before they could be dis- lodged Woffenden took advantage of an opening caused by a bungle by.Gillings and scored a try in a good position. Saville added the goal points. Afterwards Brighouse seemed to hold the whip hand, and Flunslet were only spasmodically dangerous. Final :—Brighouse, one g.-.lal and one try (five points) ; Hunslet, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19010920_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETI- -IION.

RESULT i UP TO DATE.

Points.

Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. For. get. Pte. Stockport Wigan Widnes Hull K. Rovers 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 0 ... 10 0 ... 2 Barrow St. Helene 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 8 ... 8 ... 2 Birkenhead Radcliffe 2 1 . 1 .. 0 ... 13 ... 18 ... 2 Millom Lancaster Morecambe Altrincham Rochdale H 2 ... 0 ... 2 ... 0 ... 0 ... 18 ... 0 St. Helens v. Lancaster.

There was only a poor company at St Helens, where the local fifteen defeated Lancaster by points to love after a keen match. The pay was generally very even but in the first port'on the visitors were penalised twice, and on both occasions Lea kicked a goal. Nothing else was scored afterwards.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Wigan v. Morecambe.

Wigan, playing on their own ground before 4,000 spectators, had immensely the better of the mite with Morecambe, and ultimately won by three goals and two tries, or twelve points to nil.

Stockport v. Minom. Millom were completely outplayed at all points by the home side at Stockport, where the match attracted 3,000 spectators. Always cleverer, faster, and stronger thin their opponents, tries were obtained for the winners by Oram, Trotter, Trevaskis, and Robinson— from all of which goals were placed—and in addition Booth kicked a penalty goal. Thus Stockport, with five goals four tries, won oy 72 points to nothing. Radcliffe v Altrincham.

Played at Radeliffe before a fine crowd, this game was always in favour of the borne side. Radcliffe, with twa goals three tries, won by thirteen points to two.

Birkenhead V. Widnes.

During the first half of this contest ar Birkenhead play was fairly even, Peacock scoriug for Widnes and Aspey kicking a goal, and Riugwell crossing the line for the home team, but subsequent to the change of ends the game went all oue way. In succession Peacock, McDonald and Moss obtained tries, and from two of theta Aspey placed successfully, so that at the finish Widnes won by sixteen points (two goals four tries) to three points (one try).

===== 0002601_19010920_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Rochdale Hornets v. Kingston Rovers.

Four tialusand persons witnessed the defeat of the Hornets at Rochdale. For a long time the game was of an even character, and it was close upon hall-time ere Fairburn crossed the horns line, and Kemp convert- ed. Afterwards the play fluctuated until the Rochdale sidelost Rigg's services through an injury, and then West scored another try, which Kemp failed to improve and finally K,Mp placed a goal from is mark, so that the Kingston It)vers won by two goals two tries to nothing.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE RUGBY COM- BINATION.

Warrington " A " v Rochdale "A." A Pointless Draw.

A pointless draw was the result of the first match of the season engaged in by the Warrington" A" team. A good sprinkling of spectators assembled on the Wilderspool enclosure to witness the match, the visitors being Rochdale Hornets "A ". Rochdale set the ball in motion, and the Warringtonians forced their way into the visitors' territory. The " wirepullera" failed to break through the armlets' defence,and play was taken to midfield. Roch- cia'e were penaliz id. and Ratcliffe made a Wale shot at goal. Later on the same player got possession and made a fine run, but was tackled before reaching the line. Half-time arrived with no score. During the second halt play was very uninteresting. Bath ends were visited in turn but nothing substantial accrued.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Fletcher Russell's Draw with Salford "A."

Considerable interest centred in the first match of the season on the Lovely-lane enclosure, and supporters of the engineers assembled in strong force to witness the encounter with the "A " team from the Royal Borough. The home team lacked the assistance of three valuable players, whilst Salford were represented by a strong contingent. Play opened even, but subsequently the visitors took up an a: gressive position and Horton and Bignett open ing out the game a neat concerted movement resulted in a try to Bone. Following this came another hot r iid on the home goal, but Foden cleared splendidly and a short passing movement taking place in the Salford quarters, Foden scired a try and Ashurst added a goal. 'the home team led at the interval by five points to three. During the second hilf Salford scored a clever try through the ' medium of F.e:cher, Hignett placing the goal, but the home men placed up pluckily, and near the close a fine forward naoveinent resulted- in Lythgoe scoring a try, and the kick failing the final scire was Fetcher Russell's one goal two tries (eight points); Salford "A" one goal two tries (eight points). Leigh "A" v. Runcorn "A."

At Leigh, on Saturday., Early in the game Towers scored for Leigh, and soon afterwarda Taylor dodged in brilliantly. Towers kicked a goal. The Runcoru men had a long spell of attacking and obtained a penalty goal. They kept Leigh on the defensive up to the interval, Leigh being unable to get away. The home team led at the interval by two goals two tries to one goal; but at time Leigh A" had increased their lead to 17 points to four.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

Widnes Rangers v. Runcorn Recs.

The Rangers opened their season at Widnes on Satur- day in fine weather. Turner started for the borne team. Flanagan scored for the Recs. in toe first five minutes, the goal kick failing. Dunnavin scored the second try for the visitors, getting clean away. Flanagan failing to augment. Even play ensued. Half- time—Runcorn Rcs., six points ; Widnes Rangers, nil, Final—Ruccorn Recs., eleven points ; Widnes Rangers, three.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Hornets v Latchford Rangers.

At Runcorn, Robinson started for the Hornets, a return being made tp t inch. The Hornets had the best of matters, and from a scrimmage llughes got over. Radley improving. The Hornets still pressed, and a moment later Woods dropped a goal. Play then reversed, the visitors having hard lines in not scoring. Hall-Arne :—Runcorn Hornets, seven points ; Latchford Rangers. nil. During the second halt Runcorn main- tained thc lead, runaang out winners by twelve points to nil.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Runcorn Parish Church v Frodsham

Church.

Played at Frodsham on Saturday. Price started for the visitors, the Frodsham forwards afterwards attack- ing strongly being beaten back by Burrows. A passing movement Was afterwards initiated by Linaker and Unsworth the latter player scoring for Frodsham with a well directed shot after twenty minutes play. Half time, Frodsham one koal, Runcorn Parish nil. In the opening exchanges Runcorn had the best of matters and had the goal at their mercy repeatedly. Time arrived with Runcorn Parish leading by 4 goals to Frodsham 1 goal. Weston v Mariners' Mission.

This match was played at Halton on the new ground of the latter team. We,t)n had slightly the best of the opening sxchanges, and after some smart play Davies for the Mariners shot over. Half-time arrived with the Mariners leading by a goal. Weston went off in grand style, and the home custodian had a very lively time in repelling rushes. Exciting play followed, but Weston could not find an opening, the Mariners winning by one goal to West on nil.

Stalybridge Rovers v. Earlestown. (Lancashire League.) About three thousand spee%ators witnessed this the first League match of the season at Stalybridge. The Rovers since last season have included the following new men in their team : Madden, Tonge,Hyde,and Green, of Evertor'. The home team from the kick off deter- minedly pressed,and Price toe Earlestown custodian, miraculously saved many shots.Bamber was particularly prominent on the left wing. Half-time : Rovers nil, Earlestown nil. Final : Stalybridge Rovers, 0 ; Earles- town, 0.

Nelson v. Haydock. (Lancashire Senior Cup.)

At Nelson. The VISILOIII were the firau-to. attack, but Nelson quickly drove them back, and Sanders scored tor the kome team. Soon afterwards Banks added another. Radclitte scared a third goal. Nothing else was scored up to nail-tun 3. Final : Nelson, rive ; Baydock, one. Earlestown Rovers v Sutton Commercial. Liverpool and District Amateur League. Played at Eariestown on Saturday. Tue Rovers started operations and quickly obtained the lead, but before the interval the vieitors got on equal terms , again. The second halt was mostly contested in mid- field, until within ten minutes of the end, when the 1 visitors completely romped round t3e Rovers and scored two goals, fioally winning easily by three goals to one Newton-le-Willows v Birkenhead. Combination.

Newton commenced their series of home matches on Saturday, when they received a visit from Birkenhead. Both teams were at full strength, and the few specta- tors who witnessed the match were treated to a right royal battle —The visitors won the toss and set Newton to face a slight breeze, Hill starting operations. The homesters quickly took up the attack, a brilliant shot from Billiugton being neatly tipped over the bar by Kelly. The ensuing corner was splendidly placed by Kenny, and the custodian bad to concede a second corner to clear his lines. Kenny put the ball behind at the second attempt, and from the goal kick the visitors paid a visit into the Newcon half. They were not allowed to become really dangerous however, Raynor very soon transferring the scene of operations. A pretty run by Billington was followed by a capital centre which Butler met and banged into the net, quite out of the reach of Kelly. Straight from the centre the visitors retaliated and a beautiful shot frond R Lloyd beat Horrocks all to pieces, the leather cannoning off the Cross bar into the net. Paty was fast and exciting up to the interval when each team had scored once. On returning Newton quicky obtained the lead Broster finding .the net, from a pass by Kenny. Butley shortly afterwards increased the homesters lead. Newton seemed content to rest on their laurels after this and as a consequence they narrowly escaped drop- lag a point. Birkenhead did nearly all the pressing and Todd managed to steer the ball past Horrocka whilst almost all the forwards had unsuccessful pops at goal, the final coming with Newton victorious by three goals to two.

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. Lancashire Senior Competition. A meeting of this body was held at tr.e Spread Eagle Hotel, Manchester, on Tuesday evening, Mr J Weleb occupying the chair. After the minutes of the last relenting had been read and confirmed, the committee eanctioned the registration of the following players with the clubs first named :

Widnes.—W Houghton (Runcorn Rangers), E W Lee. M Doran, J Butler, T McCabe, T Crompton, T Lyncla, J Cullen, F Annell, and F Peters (local). Birkenhead.—P Gallecher (Widnes Rangers),F Gleave and A Peters (Widnes White Scar), C Holme (Swinton), Joseph Connell (Mona F.C, Douglas), George Sayle (Derby P.C., Douglas), A W Ringwall, G Garner, H V Clayton, H Toole, W Rice, W R Brown, and F Ingham (local). Wigan.—J Hornby (local). .

- - „ Altrincham.—W Barnett,, W Naylor, W Sands, R Jenkins, H Thomas, J Watson, T Hoyle, C Norbury, H Barnett, and H Jones (local), H Davis (Halifax), J W Hardiker (Rochdale Hornets), and J Houghton (Warrington Rangers). St Helens.—A Ellis (Runcorn Hornets) and W Sephten _ .

The following players were stru ott the registers : Widnes: T Baskerville, D Drury, G Highfifld, P McCabe, G Wilson, T Timnsn, R F.tzsimmon, A Russell, and J Nevins. .

A complaint was lodged by the Altrincham Club against Salford for having, it is alleged, tampered with one of their registered payers. tarry Barnett. The case had, however, been dealt with by the Northern League, who ordered two polnt3 to be deducted trona Saltord's score in the table, and,therefore,the committee decided to let the matter drop. . .

For having, it is alleged, approached a player named Tom Cash, belonging to the Oldham Club, Radcliffe were found guilty of infringement of b}law 21, page 102 Official Guide Ilcolc, and in accordance with rules the offending club had two points deducted from their score in the Lancashire Senior Competition table.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
" BUI NOT ME."

"SoMe people would have given up in degpair—but not me."

That's the spirit that bear,' troubles and wins battles. It made a Newfoundland B inks fiihermau stick to his boat and his oars for three clays and nights in a freezing gale, without food or drink, alone, drift 200 miles, crawl out on a rocky coast, and drag himself to a but where he got help. "'The other two men gave up and died," he said, "but not me, not me; I wanted to see my wife and children again." About eight years ago, Mrs. Esther Price, of Anchor Terrace, Taff's Well, South Wales, had a dangerous attack of rheumatic fever. With good luck and good care she pullei through, but the struggle left its marks on her. All fighters have scars to show.

"When the doctors (two of them working together) ceased their attendance, I was left to pick up my strength as best I could"; so the lady says. "My liver was sluggish, and a sluggish liver is like a big stove with no draught. Days and weeks went by and an an- xious time it was; tor instead of getting better I was getting worse. I felt it so, and others could see it." He. appetite failed her and without that where was strength to come from? She was almost as badly off as the fisherman in the story. Sometimes her heart palpi- tated and fluttered, and she was frigtitened at it. It made her think of people dropping down dead. The sweats too—cold, clammy sweats—why should they break out on her? Yes, and the pain at the bottom of her back—what made that? If it had only come and gone now and then!—But it fixed itself then; it stuck like a poor relation who has moved in to live with you. She couldn't lie on her back for it, and so lost rest and sleep. “Then," Mrs Price goes on to say in a letter she wrote on Febrilary Bth, 1901, "then, as if the trou- bles I already had were not enough, the ibteuicatics re- turned and heiAl me fast by the feet. I was truly an object for piy. There I sat in the armchair helpless as a fly in glue and dejected beyond telting: "One day—one of the days God seems to hold in Eis hand for us when hope is nearly dead—a little book came to Us by post. Having nothing else to do I read it. The topic was Mother Seigel's Syrup and what it cured. Two cases were like mine. I sent to Mr Evans' shop for a bottle. I used it but felt no more than a ' trifle better, perhaps hardly that.

"Seine people would have given un in despair—but not me. I kept on till I had taken 20 small bottles. " Then :got my reward. My appetite came back the swelling in my feet disappeared, the cold sweats came no more, or any pain. Yes, Mother Seigel's Syrup did all that, luau I ought to be willing to have others know it."

In our Carnegie Competition we have awarded One Guinea to the following : Mr fi D Lennox, 63, Lochlevcc-road, Langside, GlaLgow. Miss N Whitaker, 28, Fore-street. Ilfracombe. Mr W Ryley, Hall Porter, West Riding Asylum, Men- stein, near Leeds. _

M;ss M Evans, Lain, L'anart h, Cardiganshire. Further awards will be announced in toe newspapers from week to week.

S:1 ALE PRICE 4S 11. D. EACH'. A CHARMING ASSOR-MENT OF LADIES' 810 SHIRTS, IN EVERY kOSSIBLE SHADE, AND THE NEWEST SHAPES, IN TUCKS AND ?AN. STRIPES AND SELF COLOURS. MARVELLOuP VALUE FORMER PRICE 78 lID EACH.

CHILDREN'S BLOUSES. SALEO. PRICE L. I_J4D. BACH. GIRLs' AND BOYS' AMERICAN sAILOE BLOUSES, TAILOR MADE, BEST QUALITY DEW., HOLLAND COLOUR, ALL SIZES, USUALLY 2510' EACH.

11 SALE PRICE 18. _L2D. EACH. ilf French CAMBRIC SHIRTS (plaids) ; with Mils Linen Collars, Fast Coloure.worth 3e lid each. Striped English Print and PIQUIA SHIRTS. _ fully Tucked. Striped FLANNELETTE SHIRTS for Summer Weef: All are perfect in Cut and Good Quality. Us,' 2e 61d. 2e 110, and 3e lid each.

Besut4.

(sofa

1 1 1 SALR PRICE 3s. _LAW. EACH. Twitted FLANNEL SHIRTS, Self Shades, Witt/ Hair Cord Silk Stripe.

Prencn DELAINE-SHIRTS,with Silk Stripe Creagli only Light and Dark French MUSLIN SHIRTS, Lia_sAid Throughout, Floral Designb, trimmed Lice au*" Sailor Collar.

Navy Foulard SATEEN SHIRTS, Handeolvelf Tucked.

These Goods are made from the Best Materialg, Perfect in Cut, and finiahed iu a superior manner. All High-cies.; SHIM'S, Usually aeld at 63 lid MO' 81 lid each.

SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY.

HENRY MIL ES AND COMPANY. AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE.'

OPPOSITE PRO-CATSEDBAL) LIVERPOOL: ,

TELEPHONE 7385.

I

I IP

• D No• J. COLLLS 8R0W.60 CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINH. . 0 tg OHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profeeel° be the most wooded aliand valuable remedy eee covered.

r‘HLORODYNE is the best remedy know° 1..) Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma egg riIiLORODYNE effectually checks awl ari„„var, V those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, .) Croup, Ague. *- 011LORODYNE acts like a charm in malt .. " k and is the only specific in Choleraand Dysen , CILILORODYNS effectually cuts short all 0 of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and SpaluAstill,' lIILORODYNE is the only palliative in •Agit'°' 14. gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache. As. From Dr. B, J. BOULTON AND CO., HOrIICAStIes• to of We have made pretty extensive use of chiororlY° t practice lately and look upon it as an excellent dirend jive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay Pain Itilildnr,st lion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. 1,0 oti'd a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable bY , remedy, and it seems to posses this great advansi7 all other sedatives; thht it leaves no ualal(3" A effects. sielw;s , Eby I " Earl Russell communicated to the College 0", that :0001 he received a despatch from her Majesty , „teofo, Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raifingooOn and that the ONLY remedy of any service W" 10' DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December, 1864. ,en CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AN I) lONS. ted CAuriox.—Vice-ChAncellor 51r W. Pees W---ijoeutojor Dr. J. Corms BROWNE Wall. ORlOlibtedlY. the defetled 00 ths • E that •ORLORODYN " ants at the story IrnxEsratt, was deliberately untrue, which " egret 61' say had been sworn to.—See mes, 13th Ju192.186d*. 14..10 Sold in bottles at le. 2s. 9d., and genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS norerigi CHLOHODYRR "on the Government StamP• , log Medical testimony accompanies each bOttin

7, 1; 1 84txda)

11.4 ii 4v"Pool Lou, 4401"-tda - ) -

7i40 10 5512 25, 1 15.2 9 20. 9 55. 1030. • Kenyon bYlond ze4iitate —7 0, 7 55,8 '7lO, s 13, 9 15. SA 'oteston-5 23. 545. '16'.6 28 7 17, 850, 9 • Saturdays Only. • nneorn-7 40, 82s, 5 liankey (tor Penketh) /10.2 58, 0, 5 29,6 15. 0111' 11 22. 239, 855, 9 • 010 ,days only. (MldAncl) v • 255 3 14,4 7, 6 55 1 .t Helens— 7 5, 8 lae4 2 35 3 40. 520. ,0 43,6 0,9 54 4,0 30Alth port (Cheshire 615,715,925 ,sohelwall-6 15,7 22,£ 411. 518. 613.7 t "‘,.▪ .turdays onlY. Fro %nines (Cheshire Li 14,1% 2 58, 4 0, 5 29, 6 1 44%9 0, 9 31. 239, 911 Widnes ( L. and N.-13 • 5 15,6 17. 8 0. 8 48 5 23.5 45.7 5 • 350,4 50,5 20. 62 as. 6 0. 9 54.

Acton BrirlmA-6 AI, .SunrlAvs 7 55, 4 42.

. . n Altear and Hillhnnsa 4,ln4ays 920, 2 21. 8 2 rminehmn Cr,. 35 45 41 5 50,7 23.ann 111”rniegheni 45.6 500034 11 1.9. l'ilaelchurn-R 30.10 4 5 40, a 9 13. a via 111.e1cpne1 (Talbot Re *2l/ 0100. Snndays 111113e1cnonl (Central) b 3, al 15. Sundays 451 n iRVII tfrann- 5 55. g 7 .11,5 55, g :ts.a 1050. ssterdava nnlv f▪ lat:lsle-42 5. 64C 52.9,nndav•s 12 5 a.m K• lhostpr_7 25 g 40. 9 ,s 19.505, 6 35, 73 .1 Collins flr.en-6 Ilk 2 10. 3 5. 4. 1, 5 3 ra.nl . 7 15 p.m • ,ttrew.-- 4 40. 60.3 '45 640, 85. 0- ▪ bareshurv-13 1.6. 1.0 7 45 p.m • "Ww-E, 1.2. 915. 1 1111ndRv, 035. 7 30. 6 9 ta.lestown-6 58. 1 10. 12 50 1 42. 41°36 al% ()Sundays E 41. v. tlkller's Vern, ql4. 8' Prrulshara-7 ql. Illinclace 6 sA.a.na • 7 "trston (Cheshire R. '5O 2 3 2, 4 4C 2 40.1 q. 4 49- 20.2 cnah.rne--6 44. 8 2 02 Sundays g 4 ~T,115(h 11...en-7 45. 5. 0 21, 87.7 1 5.% 4910. 4rlßrnnl witheß r"RTS 10 59. 6 53. g "ttnhinret - 8 4.8 4 bs'4l. 6 T. 723. asattP•Anv, tio.rnnol (tqa Rarle 41:11.1 6. 1 30. 3 0. 1y...4• 610, a %/land WitlnPß (L. 34 T. 35 4 20. 5 2).6 aSatiirlays 0"1

II 5 i 1N:1. n-m 4, (I`hpshiro 5 ,s 9 75 17 70 11 13, Zos 43n 2 4r) 35n a 11 30 1.1T....v,n 7 30 , lzrvion (1, &lq V 7) I 0 F”nasTSlO100 (thjlaTCi'6 T, 40. gm, -ao• 3 ' 1.150n1y. 55' 11 1 33.8 an, 8 0, 3 34. 5t "Pheoter ar.nrlo iq ;..40. es s 580. 11 IR"rtb.stp r " 10. 10 35 11 , 5,4 31, 53... 6 • ari. 1 tr; 2 wilowifth-5 48 2 • 1 /t,,,,7 —5 56 5 '1 Inn-8 55 7 2R.F 1 7.4 31. 5 30. 4, 434 4n,i,v, 3' IR,;n:: 16 16 15. 19 7 56 4'37-5 53 7 55 ; 4 7;7. ". 4 35.5 21.5 c 7' 9741.,r 8I 2A 9",V4ll4.___ABl II s 6, in 1 1.1 gnyidavg. 10, 8 3 EVI 41-h-w,LT 4553; sr• 50d 134.!t, „ 11'140rnan•i M401413•:.111r P.

we rrr,, It , . i i, 44tu 47 7 r 1 i r 1 ,

LNG TUN

as. every article 4sy payateo cash.

AND CALI'

===== 0002601_19010920_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
IL

BUY N INOR DISC RS. :RS. D E Cl3'

BS. DEBC'" iCENT GLO0 )s or tos 'ROTORS. OBIS. Or I ZEROS. 00 ExcliAl4 PliAbf" 3

===== 0002601_19010920_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
tDI NARY

3LousE3

ffer at Ore 44 it Ladies' **3 )ought from * ng iron] 3.5 i r* heapest tool of

rAMSES PRICES.

r Brims. ja Colours, souls 'erfeet Clouds.

EAGH. 3ambric azd tbout Sailor in Fronts, 10 Self-Colour& I each.

EACH. ID, AND AL.; AND FANO' AHVI3LLOUP

EACH. SAILOF LITY DRILY, lALLY 2s 1•4

; with WO. ach. ULU. Beaut 4.

ummer VieftV say. Usludi'4

BACH. Shades, witli

Stripe Creao

lIRTS, Tact/ i Lace au4

Handsomell

;t Materi&l9!

... -- tint. manor. .t 63 lid aucl

===== 0002601_19010920_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rk.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
IGTON,

TrßtiN3

OAP 0 W

:NoNs• Professio.Jj remedy eve fog r, ly knOW— Asthma. and ilr„.,,feo thtneria, bee/ 3 in Diatt Dpeat ort; AL, sp ° asa"' areF I me i1.„.40 ache. ornenet/e• JO trlorodYill.. OP' t dire- Ate en 0 11, pail lucitird Lae. OtP:( tablødvblciat;e.lol,' allPW"ajl ,00 geO t'iCo'")lP iegty. „,,,f1.2 agingo7oll' Sjoo r AND I A rlO°D gt4.-tOr ‘.l thehe InVerij 1341° efe,„A ftleteCretW.. e y, 1894., 1000,0 48. WPI ' LIS BEI° 009' Over*. p• ottle

===== 0002601_19010920_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
11%4 az3, 4°"Pool ‘`,ouo 57 1 - 4!.13:c1aN5 0 ,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
-44. • ,121;lidne, (L. and N.-W) 30, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, vi 5 15,6 17, 80. 9 48. Suaial,7s, 95, a 43. 80. t ißtm 5 23.5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56.10 55,11 50,18 35. 115. 210 3 50,4 50 520 628 7 17.8 53. 9 43.9 Et: ivaiLys.B 43, 4'l. 0. 9M.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON !ROM.

Psetim Brirlae-6 :30, Sunday * - 7 40 3 51* 10 57,12 0, 335. 4 45,7 20 11 s 7 55, 4 42, hiA.nllnsr and Hillhnnss ...p, 24,12 41, 2 15, 713 8 21, 9 57, ilinrays 920, 2 21. 8 29.. aSaturia 7. •,c,...,-,tM . 3s "Ilnelam (T,. Sr Kt 117.1-i 10.5 50 720 6 11, 12 25. 2 al 40 5517 2- 8 d 9,10,1740 7 0 aTharsdaYs only s.B mvharn (midland)-6 5. 7 42, 851 11 43. 125 2 45, 50.10 34 11 19. Sunday 4 15, arn4O.ll 19 n m. 4zll.,l6elchurn-R 30.10 44,19,30,1 55, 347, 755 Sundays, 80, „ 5 40. a 9 13. a via Prestnn t 4119e2rpna1 (Talbot Road) -8 5. 9 55, 10 40. 11 49 1 40. 3 15, 0,10 0. Sundays 725.' 355 11. t '11631cn404 (Central) -7 25. 8 25.9 10.10 0,11 15, 1. 5. 2 55, sp, aR 15 Sundays 710. 3154 57,825. a leaves at 9on 43t,n_8 64vs * ' ~Bqrl"nn- 6 65, ad, 7 55. 8 35, 9 10. 10 25.1 5. 215. 415 11,15' 55, 8 15. a 1.050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65. 925 p.m, , ...nrdays nnly . tlarlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 31, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 55, ° 42.Sumin, 12 6 a.m. 20. R 41.411(nn 1 .-, exnentad. 1 Ra4lh'anter-7 258 4n. 940.'10 12.10 50,1140. 355 2 10, 31) .310&15. 6 35, 7 35,810 R 50 Sundays 232.4 31 330,655 1411 in.. flrpen-6 39, 79. 4 47,, In 24. 11 23. 12.. 38 %t, 6 23, 6 35, 7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday l'am. 1 15 tsve-4 45. 6 0.6 30 413.9 7,0, 11 15, 11 Al. 2 13. 3 5 415 'l5 640, 85. a'). RanA9v, 4 53, 7 10. 245 4 10,5 21. 7 barestairy-19 1.8. 1017. 1127. 2 52. 5 53,8 43. Sundays 1:1,0..m, '1 45 p.n.,. % u6rhy-11 1.2. 9'5. 10 25.1 12, 3 5.1 0, 4 47, 7 5 s 7, 935 184 sys 335. 7 30. 6 21. 655, ag"-190, viandays. ,BArleatown-6 58, 7 13. 8 46, 920. 945. 10 28. 11 94 1(0 • ' 4, •12 501 42. 2 '3, 332.. 5 th. 5 51. 611 7 33. 8 8 923 , al2 o.Sund6ys 8 33.9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 24a &stilt day PidAh.s's Ferry & Peoketh-7 12. 95. 9 11, 12 3. 2 9. 3 27 4. ?..F 54, q 14. SIIWIRVEI R -9..2 57, a 2. er7441,4,.„7 55 q 1.10 1. 11 11. 2 31, 4 11, 534,657. 8 31 t'llics 6 55*.a.n1. 72,0 p.m. 12'''rston (Cheshire Lines)-7 31. 81,9 0. 9 5.0, 1.0 48 12 O. , '052 2 11, A 2, 4 49. '46 4 63. 6 17. 724 9 1 Sundays k tVIS. 240. 1 9,4 49,. 6 51. 20.2 .1. 5 55. 4uni6r3 551,95. 26. 'lO 12. 12 23 2. 41. 4 30 5 30 712 15 42 SundVB 9 40. 75" .1.1?4, Rh (I,,An 7 45, 2 15. 99. 203. 2055. 1.9 130 225 1'• r, 23, -6 7.7 11,7 38,915. Sundays 8 23, , '5 4930 4rlarri and Cadimead repro.rl.ll-7 35 9 53,55' 8 50, 11. 30 44. vs 2059, 653. Ft V. 200. ~0141,,,,4 _ 8 4. g 409 29 1.02 11. 26.1.20, al 45. 2') , s 92 z 3 ,-• . bs'4l, 47. 6 04. 7 13. 41l 1127. Sundays 23 , ; ' 23. 969.4.9,19ve nr.lv. b4l3.trtrrlAmi exeet.twl. 4 1 ' 51.. 8 0. 8 35.9 25 rrinol (~in 1464.1estown1-'2 's alas; :2.1 5. 1 30. 9,0. 1 50. 5 35. 75.8 25. 11 15. Sunday .. V. 8 /3. a " ~,,I, h4=o".le la,rs nn Iv. 4 Widneg (L ,t N W.)62" 82) 95, 9 ''', '2 31,1 25 12,0, 5 .6 5R 3) alo 45. 8u0162s 733. 2 1 0.7 15 s ‘,, • awairlays only • Ti ..' ,„"rnool (rtu.shlr. Tln po --.,70. 71n iOl '4 ''R 31, 9an , 4 0 90, 11 15.11 21. 115,11 3, 1 0.1 9,01 33 ZO,4`, e '5 1 3rl 240 354 a 30. 4555 10 34. R IS 7 31. 830 R 58. ' *3O 8 930 9 si) 4on 6 10, 8 31.9 35, 9 4n 7,., • nr,,,, . ~. • . 1112 V" (1, St 14 Av) -5 15 7 11, 10 25 12 13. 2 15 4 15.5 F,,ndsys 10 0, 5 30. 12 0. 1:'111(1 . 1.3 . ^o(9idlanrl N-C 1.3. Cl 0 31 511 I'l -1 1 10, 5 0, 645 12 0 • Su," 3 18. 120. ,Tsaner,.. s4miriav, 16111-R 7, 937 11 90, 9 51. 11 8. IIL al 37. 2.5 2.5' 71n 33 5 '9. 641.7 41, 0 33.11 19. Sunda 8 8 15.2 25 735 , 9 nly. 7,Ssturrisys ernero'..l• c 1 ~- -P"'""P`;(1. Sr N..nr,)-7 45. 45. 8 30, 959 40 10 16 11,i r'.l 5. 1 3s„ 9v.3 45 ' ~ ' • 820 . 5 16" An. 75, 8 0, 9 20, 10 40 ' 2kt9,1: 80, 8 30. '9O, A0.,0 40 541,,..44y. p,,e0t0.i.. Sc, Popo, ,7,,,,inn.,7,44)-7 25 751.9 25. :,,,, 340 gg g, 10 35. 12 lr, 1 6a • - - 5 20, 85,7 5, R V.. 10 45 Sundays 730 140. ' t - ~„2",499, PV,CCIteli. <l9Fttllniqvi lil4-'".‘tPr (rhp.bir• T,lnoo-4 45, 720. 830, a. 9 5. 931 . . **3,.:','°. 10 35 11 3111 31 11 50 1 31. 2 40. 9,30, 430. • , 7,,n .;•• A 78.. 6 36. 730 4, ro, g :45.,20 0. 11.0. 999,3.19 1614 ii I' s' °. 1 r, 2 0,4 5, A 35 8 20, 9 40,a Saturdays only `Yrinh-F 48, 2 6 F. 56 9 6. '1 9. 12 14,3 39.5 0.7 33.qm0,•-• q 7in^-6 55 7 25.3 v. 9 9.9 29, 11 9.10 20.11 3, 12 4a,..9 52.5 10. 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 An 80. 9ci i..‘,... 3, 9 49, 10 0,3 40 720 11 10 19. 19 34 j 9,5, 49,, 4 4- ' 941 g2l 1 0 4. 14x v--6 7 ,',F R 31. '4 37. 109.0 11 24. i 236, 143 a , dl_ .. , •7. g 4 •3. 521.5 33. 6 22. 726. 8 6 9 32. Snnclays, 837 tibem ~ 9 99 2 , 3255. 155. 5 5, 7 0. a 3 20. / , ~,. 1..T0',..:‘?,. ont..-.. 49,4 , , 11 5 111,, 11 20, 12 Ft 9 .0 54.4 30,5 25,6 10,6 55. 7 25. 350 10 30,6unday ' ,rq 940 ---% 5. 1010,11 11,17 13 9 5 231. 3 55. 70, 8 5 ,arittlAv... 90. 9 0.4 0, a4st.ttnrd9Vl only. ~....._ 411-8 10, 836. 925. 9 53, 2322. 11.5.2 41. 2 925

tnth

Sundays, 8 10

EVERY WOMAN -nitc °end two stamps for our 32 paga Illustra.el ',Book YrOneh!e informstlon how all Irregularities and rnly be entirely avoided or removed by simple 144, 11"crnmerplecl by eminent Physicians, as the only tentin3'4"re• and Genntne Ttemedv. sever fah!. Thou.ands of "1113.Z.Nir P. t.BLAYCHABD. Daiston Lane, London.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
I

Ash.ton-in-Makerflekl,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blickpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwcod, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool. North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield:Earlestown, Oolborne, Lowton & Winwiek Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... W tgan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES'. All Parts—General Night Mail.

RECEIVING HOINE, ARE CLE .-RECEIVING 110179 F-

SUB-OPFICES r'ff OA Box ARND AS FoLLOWS: • WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

Harle stown

SUB-OFFICE 9 - *Ashton Collins Green ... *Golborne Lovi ton Stubsti..w Cross Wrinwick "Wargrave ............ •

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 4.30 p.m,. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m.

7-10 a.m. arld 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. _ _

9-25 a.m. and 5-55 .m. 6.41 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

WALL BOXM— 'Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge; Preston Juaction Chorch-5t., Golhorne Leh Street. Lowton ChApel Lowton Common (Near Lowton t Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m me as letters.

10 a.m.. an 4 7 pm. 8 a.m. arid 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 am. 12 noon, 2 &

6.4/ p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 83) a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 645 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15. am.

trout tte, Receiving Office Earles- -1.; f•rorn all Sub-Offices at

TOWN DELIVERIES AS :FOLLOWS:— I To I BY I CaVers. I Postmen. - . ,

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Froisham. He'shy. & Lymm Manchester, S.-Seat Lancashire Yorkshire, Durham, Northam- borland, and Lincolnshire Chester. Liverpool. Birkenhead, Southport Proscot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Will & Earles+ oas n London. Foreirs, and the South diand Counties & South Wales Freaton, Honda Lancashire. New- ton-le-Wil'ows, St. Helens, and Chester

7-0 a.m. 10-45 •• ..1.1-30 „ .1.1-45

11-30 a.m.

Manchester London and Foreign, South, S. Eastern, and Midland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter. Wales, and Ireland Glasgow. Preston. Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, - Midland, Northern, dastern Countif 5, & Lancashire Croft. Padgate. W ialston, Stockton Heath and Stretton Lonion & Foreign, South, and d - East,, Coauties

8-5 a.m.

9-15 „

The Proposed New Line to Warrington. At the halt-yearly general meeting of the Lanca- i-hire. Derbyshire, and East Coast Railway, held at the Westmins..er Palace liotel, London, Mr Emer- son Bainbridge, chairman of the company, presid- ing, Mr. Stanley said it appeared to him that the company was run for the benefit of a few directors and the staff. The prospectus distinctly invited subscriptions to construct a line from Sutton-on- Sea tb Warrington. After nine years there was DO such line in existence. They had been told that tbev would receive 3 per cent interest on the money duiing the cmstruction of the line, but the direc- tors bad refused to pay this. It was a crying scandal that a company stmuld be c wried on in £OICh a way, and lie asked the shart-holders to turn the directors out and put practical besiness men in their place. This was seconded by Mr. Fl 03G. The report was carried with several dissentients.

The Health and Vigor of an individual depends on the quantil y and quality of the Blood When the tissues have been at work there are thrown into the blood waste prodncts, and if these he not eliminated but(thr)ugh anY eases detained in the blood) they influence nutetinn and (nonfarm and finally produce organic disease." " Humanitarian." In e4tres of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema Bad Legs. Skin and Wood Hisesses. Pimples and Sores of ail kinds, the eff,cts of Clarke's Blond Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of won- derful citrPs have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture sold everywhere, at 2s 91 per bottle Beware of worthless mitatioas and sub,titutes.—Advt (5). FLORILINit I—YOB TEM Tzervii /AID BREAM- -Thoroughy eleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevar to tartar. stops decay. and Rive. to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 9.5. 6d. for the liquid. nr Is. per jar for the Viorilint Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.- Adrt VALUABLE DU! JOVERE FOR TAT' eIAIR.-11 your hair Is t 'naming grey or white or falling off use the MExicair Hum Rvag.wEa. for it will positively restore. In every case. grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly heaott*.o. as we las promoting the growth. Price t3s 6d perTo bottle.— A It. MOTifERX.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3hildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the roorsufferer Immediately It is pleasant to taste nroduces natural nclet mem ny rerieving the child from pain and the little therisb awakes "as bright a• a button." Of all °horn's', ts ltd oar ,ctsla Advs. CLARKR's 117.41 PILLS are warranted to cure, In either sex. 01 required or constitutional Discharges from the llrinary Organs. Gravel and Pain. In the beck. Free from Mercury. Rstablished upwards or 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties CrugCompany Advt.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 „

===== 0002601_19010920_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I -10 ..

===== 0002601_19010920_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.

OPENING OF A MISSION.

AT WARRINGTON.

Sermon by the Bishop of Chester.

The population of the eastern end of S. James' Parish, Latchford, has considerably increased of late years and, in the opinion of the Vicar and church ofieers, necessity has arisen for a new mission to meet the wants of this growing district. Some time ago, a scheme for the erection of a mission was set on foot, and met with the hearty co-operation of the church workers and friends. Thanks to the will- ing assistance rendered, the new building is now quite completed, and last Thursday witnessed the opening services. The mission, which is dedicated to S. Hilda, is situated behind Mersey View, Knuts- ford-road, and is one of the largest missions in the neighbourhood. It is ,a wooden erection, and in addition to two vestries and a reading room con- tains accommodation for about 350 persons. The chancel at the east end is well-proportioned, and admirably fitted and furnished. When the mission is used for purposes other than those of divine worship, this chancel will be screened off from the rest of the building. A large platform at the west end will then be found useful and convenient. The total amount expended on the land, building, fittings, etc., is up to the present £536 10,. Al-eady £386 has been raised, leavine a debt of about .Cl6O to be cleared of. Earnest appeal is muds for the liquidation of this debt. The first service in the new mission was held on Thursday last week and was largely attended. The Preacher was the Lord Bishop of Chester (the Eight Rev Dr Jayne) and most of the 10381 clergy were present. The service combeenced with the singing of the processional hymn " Blessed pity, heavenly Salem " and the other hymns sung were of a character befitting the occasion. The service was intoned by the Vicar (Rev F E Powell) and the lesson was read by the Rev R Greenall (Rector of frirappentiall). Special prayers on behalf of the new mission were offered. The BISIL,P based an earnest -diecourse on the words "Means of grace" which are taken from the general thanksgiving. Before speaking on the phrase itself his 'lordship alluded to the general thanksgiving and said that gratitude ought to be the great motive of their lives. Continuing, he referred to the expression "means of grace" in its broader meaning and said he thought they were quite justified in regardine God's teaching in nature as supplying a very real means of grace to their souls and lives. Nature was a book in which they might read and learn lessons about God the Creator Let them who had the guidance of the Christian faith by which to study the book of creation, learn to read abut God there. Let not those wonders which science was more and more bringing home to their minds end understanding come on dull eyes and dull hearts, but let them make them what God intended them to be—means of illumination of their seuls to enable them to learn more about the Father and the marvellous way in which Hehad worked His mysteries in the creation Speaking of the mere direct and special ways in which the means of grace had been prov ided, his lordship said they would fini them in the Christian Church—the body of Christ. The whole of the Christian Society was intended to be a vigorous,well harmonized body, of which Christ was the head,and through which the grace of Christ's spirit was flowing freely and influencing every part. Men, women and children should strive to be means of grace to one another. God had intended that they should be knit together in one living framework in orderto procrote the glory and purposes of God and the welfare of those am log wnom they lived. Literature, poetry, and science and all those gifts and faculties which God had be4owed upon men were powerful agencies, which, if they were puni fled and strengthened by the presence of God's grace, became indeed means of grace to others His lordship went on to speak of the special means of grace contained in the Sacraments. Continuing, he said they should be anxious to extend the means of grace to others As the population increased they should try, as they had done in that parish, to extend the means of grace to the new and as yet unprovided for population. He had heard with sincere gratitude and joy how many of them ba I helped in various ways to promote that goo i work. Ile had been told how some of them had given their evenings and spare time to help to decorate and furnish the building. These services, they could not help but honour and be thankful for. The building was calculated to verve in many ways, not only for the ministry of the word and sacraments,but it could be arranged in a differ- ent way for lectures and other things which would stimulate, recreate and educate those who were gathered together there. Then, they had a read• jog room and altogether the mission was a very valuable and many sided apparatus for extend- ing to those who dwelt in the neighbourhood, the means of grace. Might God abundantly bless that mission which they were to-day offering for His service and for the welfare of those who dwelt in the district. A collection was made on behalf of the building fun 1.

The Evening Service. Choral evensong was held in the evening, the Vicar again conducting the service. The first les- son was read by Mr W IT Stansfiel i and Mr E Gibson road the second. The preacher was the Rev W Binney, M.A, Vicar of Witton, North wich who took for his text "And if any man sey unto you, why do ye this? say ye that the Lord hath need of him: and straightway he will send him hither."Mark,ll.3. DurMg the course of his sermon, the rev. genileman referred to the useful purpose which would be fulfille I by the new mission, and spoke of the pleasure it. gave him to see the energy displayed by the parishioners of &James' in connec- tion with it.—lhe collection was again on behalf of the Building Fund. The collections for the day amounte I to nearly £l3.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAGISTRATES AND THE "CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR."

An Unsuccessful Applicant

The magistrates at ths Warrington Police Court on Thursday—last weak Messrs John IFAir- :-.lnrigh (presiding) land Mr viepherd—had before them an applicant for an exemp- tion from vaccination order. The appli- cant's name was Richard Tanner, who in formed the Bench that he had obtained an exemption certifi- cate for another of his children, and Abe was quite well. At a meeting he attended he was con- vinced in his own mind that vaccination was more detrimental to a child than non-vaccination. He had been waiting for something like nine years to bear a paper from two medical men in Warrington who had promised to present a pqper in favour of , vaccination, hut he had not beard it yet. Mr Hepherd • We clon't want you to make a speaoh. We want you to give your conscientious objection. The applicant said ha did not think vaccination would he beneficial to his child. The Chairman : What. expefience have you had ?! Applicant : I have s,en children, ard know that after vaccination they have be.:n.sufferqrs.

The Chairman; Not your own childrn Applicant: Not my own because they have not been vaccinated. .

Mr lieph rd: You have not convinced me that you hare a con,cientious objection. I object to signing the order. Rephord then left the Bench.. _ .

..... Thel Clerk said that Mr Faircicugh would be unable to grant the order, as two magistrates were necessary. The Chairman : I have a conscientious objection to signing these orders because I think every chi,d ought co he vaccinated. I have seen enough of small-pox in Warrington. However, I cannot sign the order. You will have to apply again.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S

There is Security In

Small ?M. Small Dose. Small Price

Ansalntel), cure Sick Headache, Oiliousness. Torpid Layer. Indi- gestion. Constipation, Dizziness. Furred Tongue. They Touch the Li cc. tat be surf tile, ars EAMEL

ITTLE IVER PILLS

===== 0002601_19010920_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
A yew 'inns on the toothbrush

every =laming

===== 0002601_19010920_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Will aweeten Br: Breath all day, and make all the difference bia• tweett—

aOO4 Teeth and Batt Teeth. Thi4 teeth and Ye low Teeth. Pretty teeth and Ugly Complete in 'roam 'lit, Teeth od.u. aQ.

THE (3REAT REMEDY.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
wakkvikt,oih. . , UG G Gio UE LORD ST 0 FREE I - L'VCR POOL

===== 0002601_19010920_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
4 33 p.m

9-55 '.Tn. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
1, 7 2-0

12-15 P. ^ . 2-15 , 1 3-15 ..

5-30 pan.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PUP;L TEACHERS'

CENTRE.

Science and Art Examinations. PHYSIOGRAPHY. ADVANCED 2ND CLASS. Ada L Corbett, Orford Schools ).ilia, Craik. Pirish Church Schools Alice M Wood, Parish Church Schools Msud H hSudson, Parish Church Sch^ols Rthel H Welsby, Parish Church Schools Annie H Lidiard, Parish Church Schools John W Box. Parish Church Schools Maurice Glover, St Anne's School Ellen Gandy, St Peter's school Jane R Pas no, St Peter's School Lilian Foster, St Paul's School Mabel G Hallwoorl, People's College Nellie Bayley. People's Coneite ELE:s:P;NTARY : FIRAT CLASS— Oliver Corbett, St. Anne's t^chools Margaret Rdgar, St. Anne's School Wallace Gandy, People's College Ella Wilson People's College tieorg,, G Dawson, St Paul's ELF.MENTARY : 2ND CLASS— Mabel Soderland, Penketh MAYHR HAMS. SECIND STAG 19T CL Wallace Gandy, People's College.

!WORD STAGE '2ND CLASS.— John W Hox. Parish Church Schools Robert Simpson. Parish Church Schools Maurice Glover, St. Anne's School Oliver Corbett, St Anne's School George G Dawson. St. Paul's Sch^ol FIRST SPAGr: 18T CL ASS. Margaret Edgar, St. Anne's School FIRST STAGE : 2ND CLASS Bertha Puh. Silver—,treet School Evelyn Arnold. St. Anne's Ficho,-,1. GEOMETRICAL DRAWING. FIRST CLASS Mabel Soderland. Penketh Wallace Gandy, People's College SEC )I.ID CLASS Lilian Craik. Parish Church Schools Alice M Wood, Parish Church Schools Annie H Lidiard, Parish Church Echools Frank A Bate St. Paul's Schools Dorothy Ashley. Latchford Schools Janet Bibby, ;It. Anne's Schoo's FREEHANJ DRAWING. FIRST CL ASS. Mabel Soclerland. Penketh Marsaret Whittle Parish Church Schools Margaret E.3gar, St. Anne's School SECOND CLASS. Ethel If Welsby, Parish Church Schootg Maude Hudson, Parish Church `;chools Alice M Wood, Parish Church Schools Annie it Lidiard, P‘rish Church Schools Florence M Lidiard. Parish Church schools Laura J Lloyd, Parish Church Schools Bessie Wallington, People's College 3,ine Gregg Silver street School Mien Gandy. St. Peter's School Ruth Matthews, Penketh George Dawson. St Paul's School Nellie Jenks, Holy Trinity School

Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company Limited.

The report to be presented at the 28th annual meeting of shareholders, to be held in Warrington on the 30:h inst . states that the profits for the year ended June 30, 1901, amounted to £142.424 12s 21, which with the balance brought for ward from last year (£8.146 4s 10d) gives a total of £150,570 18s. An interim dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum on the Preferencs shares and 10 per cent per annum on ths Ordinary shares was paid in March last f‘m• the balf-vear ended December 31, 1900, amounting to £37,625, and the directors now recommend that for the past half-par a dividend be paid at the rate ot 6 per cent per annum on the Preference, and a dividend a; the rate of 15 per cent per annum,free of income-tax,on the Ordinary shares, making, wita the intetim dividend, 12 per cent for the year, and a total distribtrion of £90,437 IN. The direct ors further recommend that £25,000 bs written off the colliery leaes and good- will account,end £25,000 added to the reserve fund, and that the balance £10.133 Sc, be carried forward A sum of £60,000 has been placed on special deposit on account of the reserve fund with Parr's Bank, Limited. The trade of the year opened satisfac- torily, but in the early autumn toe demand for iron and steel fell away, and prices declined. Later on the same influences adversely affected the coal trade, and at present the cutlook of busi- ness is uncertain.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
v,13A11?,5, GOUT

IP' X I.A 1..... ..

YOU GOUT. RHIGNA.TISI SOIA7 lOC LUMBAGO. The excruciating' Pain is quickly relim ed. Sere. Safe effective. All Chemists and Stores at ls. lid. and 2s 9d.

. . .. . . . LADIES . . ~ . . .. )...................„ SPECIAL OFFER! t . , ) THE NEW CIRCULAR SKIRT, . le-111. Frill. Lined throughout. 41./1 I BLAcCarKnagoer pNaf/ Y. 4/11 •_ In ~.:,,,,-„,:l a 5,„ay,;.,,,,,,! 1 Satistaution Guaranteed. ........e••••••""-. H. MORDY, manufacturer, LEEDS.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S GOLD & GEM JEWELLERY' 4tV Cruld

===== 0002601_19010920_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
Brilliants, £l2 103.

WORLD.

BENSON'S IN C LOCKS 9 Marble, Ormolu, Wood, etc., for DINING, DRA wiyo ROOM, LIBRARY, ur HALL, £2 to £lOO.

Estimates for Clocks for Churches. Factories, or Public Buildings, free of charge.

To Visitors to London An inspect ion of the New Clock .Show Rooms is specially invited.

'WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at our risk V V all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. 11)11ENSONS BOOK of CLOCKS, WATCHES from LP £2 to £5OO. CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL PLATE" and CUTLERY, Post Free.

J. W. BENSON, Ltd.,

The Steam Factory,

& 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON. NOTE. Order Sy Form TTut Post preF.e. TIMES"

--eAtlttildlodel,,f).4)l,s4:7 Pearl Lace Pin, 10/- es Fine Gold Chain Bracelet, £3 3s. ‘..„,_.....,... -.-- SELECTIONS ...,..vivemisaio .4, • . - SENT ON _ APPROVAL 411ILL1 '• 7 ^,...-.. .-- ‘ .•,/ k"-' ' Fine Gold & Pearls, -- ' Fine Gold Brooch, 27/- LARGEST STOCK OF RINGS IN THE v • 0`: -, -''''' ~.., , -', c , • - Brilliant and Ruby Pearls, 25i- Brilliant, Lla Pearls & Rubies, 28/- s or Sanphires, £9 ~.' .. . . - L. . r, ~..-----77.......-----_, ,'. '• ..... , - ' ---:::'" . „ '-:t;•.`-. -,,- qlll,, ./i ~, ~,,,,,,• . ,:.; ,=.... , ~4'.:',/ -•*. .lz°l . ‘,.'i, \ . /7 .:',...,.-.,, In 9:1:2.'. 2. \, .r-r., \ • A- ,I ' • • ir' ~ - .. • .c- 9 ,e),11, 5i , - ;7-- •• ' . , ,://ifi 1..::,:......:\N.,,,,„.:::,,,,7,--€.l:-..„...:,,::;:::::5-4,:ti: i•P'r.,..,,,,;,,'i,,11:0p,i 1 ::::k.lCrY‘,illprli,i;4 .„-.,i),.?...,„:;.-,.;:?4,:,,wi11i4i,ti1if, I • --- !•.: :-.4, L. "":'..*„''',4ll ' Iddi?'dikill • . !" ';. . ~;-0 f 0 :- --.-1-,-'-lef%",,' . - * *'''i is''fliA,i.• . , ~.-:-..-::, ,V,4..-....,:..#;44;,.....-,7" .L.. 11.1 =-- ---------..-1---t-.7:--=-,..-___ _.. . 2.,:-,:..i 4,,.,„...;1.4:177---.74-TFlii.g.;---'--1, .._'"g . ,1,•;: i Mahogany Braztriking Clock,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA, A E33X.

REECHH.'.I4I . A.,•• .-Pittl. S

FOR ALL.

BILIOUS & NERYOUS DISORDERS, Sick Heada.che. Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepirred only by the Proprietor, TnomAs BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

[71301

;00030000004.:t:00000000000000000,

ansdown,ll4 itEr 13tIck5k1n. 'white, 1110

100TBALL JERSEYS

Best Alt Wo idal rolot, reversed, 59. 7il • Postage on site;le shi

Plain . . Cot

0 0

Write for lil

i • 2's Stout Ti collar.

•

8 8 8

'..`.1.1) 3 : ...13 Itiaby .1••• • 3:6; 2:11 ifo,,itzto f it

_id (unless otherwtse stated. LONDON, E.C.

8

THRJWANT 50),13THE DAI DR. DE ROOS. MAKES s'ialtUHßO I.I.NIsN LIAIR ;OM. . -T" GREA,.. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. BOON ever of. Are iustly celebrated all over the world as the most sate and tered to the Laundress speedy remedy for Pains in the Back Gravel. Lumbago. for imparting an Ivory Gout, Rheumstisto Weakness across the Loins, Sandy oe finish to Starched , other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges, an A N Linen, Laces, etc. Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally, does not stick to spider- complaints. supposed to he nervous. often arise solely web - like material. from contamination of the blood with certain impurities Once tried alway • which should have been carried off by the kidney's. Every wanted. Used in the package„ hears the Government *tamp, with the words, ppy,sl Laundries, oWALTER DE ROO-1, LONDON." thereon, by order or Should p he u'Pa in her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. lid. and heose Sold by most by Starch Sel'ers in - sel'a's. at zs, si, at ail Medicine Ruses. or post Ire. from proprietors end 6d• Prepared only T. CatrcaLay. Bbscl.loarrs. Holf„d Hon/R. Holford-stmare. Lar..se,r • vim,

tRIT...CHI.,EYS. •:_4(r_.--.......:...• .. SittßcHtl.Q.SS.;

a 0 0 a 0

===== 0002601_19010920_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL AN O HOCKI

SH°N CHARD;

ithr.N° 'Mt

I • I F < L" I 1; 4'

===== 0002601_19010920_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARA.GRAPIIS.

TOM: "After all, what are kisses good for!" Kitty (demurely) : "Their face value." "WHAT a sanguine man Cooper is " San- guine ?" "He advertised for a middle-aged typine and expected to get applications." No, sir," said a passenger on a steamship to the captain, "I am not seasick, but I am disgusted with the motion of this vessel." MAMMA (sternly) : "Now, Rodney, have you anything to say before I whip you?" Little Rodney: "I wish you'd let me have:laughing-gas before you begin the lickin'." MUGGINS : "Do you believe it [is unlucky to have thirteen at table?" Juggins (who had callers at dinner-time) " Yes, if you've only made preparations for two." ELLA : "Fred and I wished with a wishbone last night." May: "Who Won?" Ella: "I don't know, and we didn't care particularly. He was wishing for me, and I was wishing for him." TEACHER: "Did any of you ever see an elephant's skin?" Bright Boy : "Please, air, I have." Teacher: " Where was it, my boy ?" Bright Boy : "On the elephant, sir." "I THOUGHT your doctor forbade you to smoke?" "He did." "And yet you're smok- ing." "Certainly." "How does it happen ?" "Why. I changed doctors, of course." DR. SQUILLS: "What was the matter with that cab driver you were called to see last night ? " Dr. Kallomell : "As nearly as I can describe what ails him it is automobiliousness."

"I DON'T quite like tim shape of those shoes." "They conform precisely to the shape of your foot, madam, and nothing could be more beautiful than that." Sold.

AFTER an inexperienced man hag rowed a boat for about three•quarters of an hoar, almost any kind of scenery is good enough for Lim to stop and admire.

PUTS HISI IN A RaaE.—Mrs. Prosy: "Reading is quite a passion with my husband." Mrs. Dresser: "So it is with mine—when he reads my milliner's bills !"

"Is there any way of making that horse go ?" inquired the sad-looking citizen. " Well," answered the dealer, after some reflection, "you might hitch him up to a motor-car." "JAMES, hOW 19 it that my butcher's bills are ao large, and I always have such bad dinners ?" " Really, sir, I don & know, for I am sure we never have anything nice in the kitchen that we don't eend some of it up to the dining-room."

LITTLE DAUGHTER: "Mamma, can folks /33 put in prison for cheating a baby ?" Mamma: "Why do you ask such a question?" Little Daughter: "I saw Mrs. Nextdoor filling her baby's bottle, an, she put some water in the milk." Dix : "I understand that Winding, the counsel, is seriously iii." Hix ; " Yes, this morning, I met his physician who told me ha was lying at death's door." Dix: "That's ust like a lawyer. He'd lie anywhere." WHEN a fond mother hears her offspring lisp its first articulate word, she does not, in her joy, stop to consider what a bore the child may be- come when he has fully become addicted to the talking habit...

Wir-ir pleading eyes she looked up from the piano and sang: "Call me your darling again I" But he refused, as there were witnesses about, and there is no telling when a man will be introduced toe breach of promise suit these days.

MOTHER: "I wonder what we can do with Johnny? He has such a way of exaggerating everything. He is always making a mountain out of a molehill." Father: "I think, my dear, we had better make him an auctioneer."

" WHY do the roses fade slowly away?" she in- quired poetically. "Well," replied the bald-headed young man with wide ears, "when you think it over, it's all for the best. It's more comfortable to have them fade slowly away than to io off all of a sudden like a torpedo." LADY (in employment office): "As there are only my husband and myself in the family, I think you ought to be willing to come for less than you ask. There are only two persons to cook for." Domestic: "But, mum, when I'm wid you there'll be three."

• AMBITIOUS MAIDEN: "I think lb is awfully mean. The editor sent my beautiful and pathetio story back without reading it." Fond Mother: "Dear me How do you know?" Ambitious Maiden: "I've looked all through every page, and there isn't a teardrop anywhere."

- "WAS the wedding a success?" "I guess so. the bride's mother was in tears, the groom's mother went further and had hysterics you couldn't hear a word of the ceremony, and the church was so crowded that three women fainted. Yes, it was a great success." QUAD "Poets are born, not made, you know." Space: "Yes, of course. No person would think of disputing the assertion. Quad: "Why not!" Space: "Ii would be folly to manufacture an article when the supply was already greater than the demand." Miss HOJACK (to the milkman): "Look here, Mr. Chawk, you warranted your milk pure, yet the lactometer shows water in it." Mr. Chawk Well, ma'am, I guarantee that the lactometer shows that the water is pure, if it says anything about it."

ONCE upon a time an American taunted an Englishman: "How can y„ou endure to be taxed to support your idle nobility?" exclaimed the American warmly. Then the American paid £3 a ton for his coal in order that the directors of the company might procure titled men for sons-in-law. This fable teaches that there are almost as many ways of paying taxes as of dodging the same. A CONSEQUENTIAL-LOOKING little man enterep the commercial-room of a hotel and gave a vigorous pull at the bell. As no one answered, he rang again more loudly than before. The maid-servant) then came bustling in, and the following colloquy took place: Servant: "Who rang that bell ?' Little Man (making the most of his height): "I did." Servant (scornfully): "And who lifted you op to it?" . _

- A VERY calculating young man has kept for two years an accurate account of every penny he has spent in theatre tickets, carriages, flowers and gloves in connection with each lady he has invited out, inclusive of chaperons. On the credit side of that day book of pleasure is recorded his estimates of the satisfaction the lady gave him in return for the money expended. This prudent man just turns to his account-book before inviting, and by comparing the record sees from which charmer he gets most for his money 1

"So you refuse to give Me the money?" said the prodigal son. "Not another penny do you get,' replied the stern parent. "Then here goes," said the youth, as he seized a silver. +mounted pistol from his father's desk. " Un. happy boy?" cried the old man, "would you take your life?" "No," replied the son, "I'm going to lend this to my " "I THOUGHT you used to say that you wouldn't care to be tied to Miss Wheeler, if she were the last girl in the world ; but I see that you're paying a good deal of attention to her lately," said Brown to his friend Green. " Yes," said Green," my opinion of her has undergone a com- plete change. I used to think that she would not make a good wife for a poor man, because she seemed to be lazy." "And now?" asked Brown, "Why, look at her bicycle I There 't another girl in town who keeps her wheeT in such tine condition." A TEACHER, wishing to impress upon the minds of her pupils the full nature of faith, took them one day to the river-side, and, seeing a boat in the middle of the stream, said "Now, my little dears, if I were to tell you that there was a leg of mutton in that boat, would you believe me?" "Yes." "Well, then," she said, " that is faith." Seme time after the same children were going through an examination, when the question was asked, "What is faith?" and all the class, as with one voice, shouted out: "A leg of mutton in a boat."

HE stopped at the corner, gazed into the sky, scratched his chin, and pulled his whiskers. Then he fumbled ire his pocket, wrinkled his brow, pursed up his lips, and blew his nose in a manner more deliberate than the collector of a bad debt. Anon he opened his mouth, tugged at his lower lip, muttered to himself, and fixed his eyes on the chimney•tops in a vacant, stony stare, that soon collected a crowd, which blockaded the pavement. He was a married man, trying to think what it ware his wife had charged him to be sure and get.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

AUTION SALE BILLS AND CATALOGUES. HXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. may be bad in a lewboore.

JOHN -WALK AND CO.,

BWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 A

===== 0002601_19010920_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19010920_art0145.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19010920_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Ittttrs to tbe etittor.

Election of Mayor. Sir,—A movement has been started for the purpose of electing Mr J Charlton Parr to the civic chair in November next. On looking over the list of Mayors who have served the Borough during the last few years I find that Messrs J R Pickmere, J Harrison, E Greenall and J Fairclough served for three years in succession. Alderman J E Wright I think was asked to serve a third year but declined. Alderman Roberts has been Mayer for two years only. He is I understand willing to allow himself to be re-elected. Why such a strenuous effert should now be made to effect a change is to me passing st-ange. Alderman Roberts has fulfilled the duties of his cffiee with credit to himself and benefit to the Borough. He has been regular in his attendance at the meetings of the Council. He has shown a thorough knowledge of the business to be transacted. He hal expressed his cpinions with lucidity and candour. He has conducted himself with grace and dignity, and he has manifested the deepest interest in all move- ments that were likely to conduce to the Shysical, intellectual and moral welfare of the people. Comparisons we know are odious, but it is generally thought that no more efficient Mayor has ever presided over the deliberations of the Council. All who know Mr J Charlton Parr know him to be a gentleman of broad s)rnpathies and stainless honour. The hall which bears his name and the interest he! has taken In the Young Men's Christian Association and other kindred societies reflect credit upon bis head and heart but his most enthusiastic admirers would hesitate to say that he was conversant with matters of local government or took the slightest interest in municipal affairs " Honour" says the old adage "to whom honour is due." Just so, and if sr, then municipal honours oureht to be given only to people who do successful work. It was stated in the public prints a few days ago that a memorial asking Mr Parr to allow himself to he elected Mayor was being numerously signed. The facts are I presume as stated but it is an open secret that some gentlemen signed the document under the inqamsion that Alderman Roberts had intimated his unwillingness to take the position for a third year, and that others were influenced to sien by seeing their names. These facts detract somewhat from the value of the docu- ment. It is a curious fact that the names of the Free Chnrch miniatera of the town are not on the Memorial. How is this ? Is it because the canvaineers were unwillirg to call upon them ? Or is it because ,they refused to lend their names to a proceeding which did not commend itself to the approval of their judgment. The number of persons present at the caucus meeting which was held to consider the question of the Mayoralty for next year was 29, twelve voted in favour of asking Mr Parr to accgot the position: 9 were in favour of asking Alderman Boberts to serve for a third year. eight were neutral. It is not likely that Mr Parr will fe-I flattered by a request from t welva out of thirty. 1 have no authority to speak for the Free Church Ministers of the town and _

I will not presume to do so but I venture tn express the opinion that if Mr Parr accepts the invitation of the caucus and is elected Mayor he will have no more loyal supporters than the Free Church Ministers of the town hut some of us will continue to think that Alder- man Roberts ought to bare been cffered the position, Yours etc.. CHAS. FINCH, 31, Arpley-street.

Sir,—l was much amused to read a statement, in one of your contemporaries, emanating from Mr Edwin Woods, that the move to persuade Mr Parr to areent the position of Mayor, was not a political one. When the same paper gave a list of thme who had signed the petition on the matter, it showed at 'a glance that with very few exceptions indeed they were all con- nected with local Toryism, and I venture to say that Tory officials had been round to obtain the signatures. This is no spontaneous outburst of feeling, in favour of Mr Parr becoming Ctief Magistrate. With all due respect to this worthy gentle- man, I maintain that the present Mayor has been snubbed, and this after his valuable services to the town. The Caucus meeting ought not to have been held in his absence. (Were they afraid of his presence, Mr Editor?) In all fairness he ought to have been present, and if the majority of the Council desire a change, why not have acted fair and above board. As a ratepaver of the town. I don't believe in gentle- men being pitchforked into the Council as Mayor of the Borough whether they are Capitalists or not. Surely there are members of the corporate body fit to take the position, without going outside the ranks. If the Con- servatives are not ready with a man let them own up, and invite the present Mayor, who has done equal ser- vice, if not more thtn many of his predecessors to again take the position. Yours truly, WARRINGTONIAN.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
STOMACH AND LIVER TROUBLEe. W THEY ARE RAPIDLY CURED BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. SYMPTOMS.

I HO'

1. Do you suffer from headache and aching limbs dull heavy feclini s or a pain between the shoulder blades ?

2. Is your tongue coated? Do you suffer from wind on the stomach ? Have yni a pain under the heart? Does your heart palpitate? I 3) you feel bloated after eating ? Have you a soreness or tendTerness at the pit of the stomach ? Is your appetite poor? Hare you sleepless nights? 3. Are you melancholy? Is your complexion sallow and are your eyes dull and heavy? Are you tired and weary in the morning? 4 Have you indigestion? Does your food lie heavily on your stomach. Are your bowels costive? Is there weakness and aching pains in the back ? Do you feel languid and nervous ?

ei The foregoing symptoms are not all present in one case nor are two cases alike in every respect. They vary according to the organs mostly implicated. Thu., I when chronic inflammation of the liver is associated with heart trouble,the subject may have palnitation attended with more or less pain and shortness of breath. If the lungs are specially influenced, there may ha a dry cough rapid respiration and pain in the chest If the nervous svetem is involved other symptoms must necessarily _ .

These diseases may be cured to-day but not tc-morrnre this week and not neat. Therefore secure VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC at once. The cost is small and the benefit lasting. It has been the means of curing many a despairing invalid. It is the most successful medicine in Great Britain and is frequently called " The people's strengthener and health giver." Dnctors Use it them- selves because they recogn,zl in it a scientific remedy. and the meet successful medicine that science has yet produced for stomach,liver. kidney and blood diseases. A book relating to diseases and how to cure them accompanies each battle. Ask for Veno's Seaweed Tonic mar,be sure vnu get it. Price is lid and 21 91. STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT

Take VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. It stops an ordinary cough in one night, and cures chronic coughs, bronchitis, influenza and whooping cough. Its vast superiority over the different emulsions and ordin- ary cough mixtures cants, tbe estimated' It has saved thousands of lives after they had teen turned out of hospitals. It is a new scientific remedy endorsed by Medical Men because it acts so speedily upon acute and chronic coughs, clears the bronchial tubes, and gives perfect ease in breathing, and being a far superior remedy to any of the common, cheap, syrupy mixtures now on the market. Veno'l Lightning Cough Cure contains ingredients never before used in Gt Britain, and which are of incalculable value, that is why it is so highly recommended' It already has the largest sale, because it elves universal satisfaction.

Ask for YENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE: don't /et A dealer give you a substitute. Price is lid and 2s 93. Sold by Boots Ltd, Warringtoo; Peake, Earles- town and Newton: Weston and Co, Runcorn; Wall - bridge, chemist; J W Jackson, chemist and druggist. St Helens, and all chemists and medicine vendors everywhere.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
F7.4"'

FRODSHAM.

ALLEGED ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT FRODSHAM.—At the Frodshain Police Court on Wednesday afternoon before Mr C Reynolds (in the chair), and J Murray, Laurence Bernard Cobb, a youth of about 21, was charged with attempting to commit suicide by taking poison on the 13th inst.—Mr Kennelly, chemist, deposed to selling a bottle of rat poison to the, prisoner who asked would it poison anybody.—Edward Jeffs, baker, Flelsby, stated that at 11 a.m., on the 13th inst he was coming along the Chester road when prisoner met him and went with witness down Smithy-lane. Prisoner stayed behind a little, and then shouted out that be bad taken poison. Witness turned round and saw him on the ground. Be St once raised an alarm and afterwards brought P.C. Bancreft.—Dr Bryon, Helsby, said he took prisoner to his surgery. The stomach pump was used but the washings from the stomach showed that he had not taken any poison at all.—P C Bancroft said that-On being called to the prisoner he adminiatered a strong emetic of salt and water. His lips were black with the poison, and he smelled strengly of phosphorous. A bottle half-full of poison was found on hlm.—Dr Bryn recalled,said the emetic would have made no difference. Had plsoner taken poison the washings would have smelt of .phosphormis.—Letters were also found on the prisoner in which he declared his intention to take away his life, but these were not read in court.—The Chair- man a h o auge practical id edJoke.—Every body's time had been wasted. There was no evidence to convicc,and nothing to show he had swallowed any poison. It would do prisoner good if they could give him 14 day, but they could not. —Prisoner was discharged.

CADBURY'S COCOA is a pure. refined beverage, nutritious, stimulating, and digestible. The" Lancet " says it te repre- sents the standard of highest purity." Entirely free from admixtures, such ss kola, malt, hops, alkali, etc. Insist upon having CADBURY'S, as other Cocoas are sometimes substituted for extra profit. In Packets and Tins only. (2)

===== 0002601_19010920_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901

LATEST NEWS.

Terrible Naval Disaster. _ British Destroyer Founders.

Sixty Lives Lost.

The mcst appalling disaster in regard to loss of life since the logs of H M S Victoria in the Mediter- ranean has occurred in the North Sea. The new torpedo boat destroyer Cobra has foundered on the Godgeon Bonk, about forty five miles from Yar- mouth, .4 and it is feared that about 60 men have been drowned. At eight o'clock yesterday (Thursday) morning the P and 0 steamer Harlington (Captain Young) arrived at Middles- borough with 12 survivors aboard. It appeps that; about six o'clock on Thursday night Chief- engineer James, of the Harlington, who was on the bridge with the captain at the helm, eav a boat several miles away, the occupants of which were frantically endeavouring to attract attentioe. Seen through a telescope the occupants of the boat eeemed to be in the greatest distress, and Captain Young immediately gave order; to steam in their direction. At about 6.13 the boat was cverhaule d and its comments taken aboard in a moot exhausted condition. The occupants of the boat numbered 12, and included Chief-engineer Pearsey, R,N., nine non-commissioned officers and men of the Royal Navy, and two mechanics from Messrs Parson's works on the Tyne. The officer in charge was almcst entirely without clothing, and he and all the men were in a sadly exhausted can. dition, having been battling all day with a high and dangerous sea. There had been no time to take aboard water or provisicn9 and all were suffering from hunger and thirst.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Serious British Reverse.

Mounted Infantry and Guns Captured.

Two Officers and Fourteen Men Killed.

The following mesiage from Lord Kitehener was iseued on Thuraday afternoon from the War Office. PRETORIA, September 13,1901, 8 15 pin. Yesterday three companies of mounted infantry, with three guns, under Major Gotigh, were recon- noitring to the south of Utrecht from Delagere Drift in conjunction with Johannesburg Mounted Rifies,un- der Stewart Gough, Righted eoPmv.about 300, retir- ing from Scheepers Nek.on Blood River Poort. When he off-saddled Gough made for the ridge overloos- lug Poort, asking Stewart, who was an hour behind, to co-operate. The Boer move was evidently a trap, for when within rer.ch of the objective, Gough was suddenly attacked in front and on the right flank by Boers in considerable strength from under cover of the Poort, and after severe fighting was overpowered, losing gang. Their sights and breach blocks were firat destroved. Regret to report Captain Mildmiy, 3rd Battalion

R;fl9 Corps, Lieutenant Blewitt. 19t Battalion Rifle Rrigade,and 14 men killed in action.

Captain Dick, 2nd Battalion Royal Irish Fusiliers, severely wounded : Lieutenant Furnell. 2nd Batta- lion Royal Irish FlVliiiArg, Lieutenant Lambtoo, Durham Light Infantry, and Lieutenant price Davies, King's Royal Rifle Corps, and about 25 men vreunded. Five offiefult and 150 men prisoners. Stewart was unable to co-operate and fell back on De Jager's Drift. His patrol; from there to-Jay have not got touch of the enemy. Gough and Captain Cracroft, Royal Irish Fusiliers, escaped in the night to De Jager' s Drift and report Boers over 1,000 under Botha. Am reinforcing Lyttletcn. French reports that Srrsuts, in order to break through cordon of columns hemming him in,rushed squadron 17th Lancers at Elands River Poort, to the west of Tar Kastaad, killing three [offioers and 20 men.

Squadzon fought most gallantly. inflicting heavy lo3s on the enemy. wh) being dressed in khaki were mistaken for our troop°.

Columns are in close pursuit.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
A Warrington Soldier's Gallantry Rewarded.

On Saturday several Humane Society's medals and certificates were presented at Preston by Colonel Murray, commanding the North-Eastern District. One was received by Private Richard Houghton, of the 4th King's Royal Lancaster Regiment, who Ryes at 49, Tilley-atreet, Warrington. The particular act for which Houghton received the modal is worthy of Epecial mention. On February Bth the regiment to which Houghton belongs, and also a Canadian regiment, were camped in the vicinity of Fish River, Cape Colony. Two of the Royal Lancasters and one Canadian !went for a bathe in the river. They soon got out of their depth, and tbe soldiers on the bank heard cries for help. These cries were repeated,and Houghton, without a moment's hesitation, p:unged into the water.rescuing the soldiers one by one. Unfortunately, the Canadian died after being brought ashore.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
A Present for Warrington Volun- teers.

A beautifully-coloured commemoration card is to be presented to each of the 1.38 Warrington, St Helens,:and other Volunteers who have been on active service in South Africa. In the centre is an illustration of Table Bav and its numerous ships, while on the left when looking at the picture are the words "Belmont, Enslin, Mockler River, Kimberley, Paardoberg, Bloemfontein, Surrender Hill, and Wepener," and on the right band side are the words " Talana Hill, Elandslaogte, Pieter's Hill, Ladvemith, Johannesburg, Pretoria,Maebadodorp, and Mafeking." Below the view of the sea is the inscription : "To the cffieers, non-commis- sioned officers and men ELM, Volunteer forces of England. Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Australia, Canada, Cape Colony, Ceylon. Natal, New Zealand, Rhodesia, Tasmania." The following appears at the foot of the card and is signed by the Mayor of Cape- town :—" Capetown joins with the empire in feelings of heartfelt thanks for the signal services which EL M.'s citizen soldiers have rendered in upholding the Imperial authority in South Africa. The empire is ji:stly proud of the gallant conduct of the volunteer forces during the engagements throughout the campaign, and Capetown , congratulates the Volunteers upon the consummation i of a service which has resulted in the consolidation of the empire, and which has cemented the ties of affection between the colonies and the mother country. The citizens of Capetown wish you a prosperous voyage and a happy home-coming, where our .hearts will join in the rejoicing 97( homes which await , you. 6 God save , the Queen.' Octobq 29 .b, 1900.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

M Bridge Inn, Warrington, Annual Main. The annual main in connection with the Bridge Inn was held at the Saracen's Head, Warburton, on atur- day. The members, to the number of 40, made the journey by road, and the drive was no. mean factor in the day's enjoyment. rhe green Was In. excellent eon. dition, and some capital bowling was witnessed for the substantial prizes. the principal ores being carried off by 1, J Holmes ; 2, J Anpleton ; 3, T Eleesom ; 4., p Clare ; 5, A N Other ; 6, 3 Bailey. There were 20 prizes, so that the winners of the first. round did not go away empty handed. Alter the main, a Capital re- past was served by El sst Buff, and a successful social was afterwards held. The arrangement. were 'ably carried out by Messrs Oxley, Bramhall, Greening, Appleton, Ashton, A Livingstone, and Heesom. The OLEN-SPEY DISTILLERY, Situate In the finest Whislcv-producing District of Scotland, is the property of W. &A. Gllbey. This Viblelzy is made entirely from home-grown Barley and Is kept absolutely unblended In his Mejesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold by W.& A. Gilbey's agents in every town at 3s. 6cl per bottle.

•

===== 0002601_19010920_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

ALLEGED DRITNKENNESS AND DAMAGE.

William Henry Griffiths was charged at the War- rington Occasional Court on Thursday with having been drunk and disorderly at Newton the previous day,and committing damage to plate glass windows at the house of John Lambert, Oxford-street, Newton, to the extent of £3 121 61—He was remanded until next Thursday.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED THEFT AT NEWTON.

At Warrington Occasional Curt, on Thursday, before Mr. Liba Armitage, Patrick Rafferty was charged with stealing a purse containing ..C1 Sc 9d the money of Martin Fray, 42, Houghton-street, Newton.—Fray said he did not wish to prosecute, but was told that as the case was in the hands of the police it would have to proceed.—Prisoner was remanded to Newton Patty Sessions, which will be held next Thursday.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE BOWL/ND CLI7E bowing handicap for the:Viaduct Institute Committee's annual prize of £2, and the entrance fees of threepence each was held on the club green, on Saturday afternoon. There were 100 entries and the competition was very keen. The pr:zes con- sisted of orders on tradesmen, and the first 25+,was gained by J Sherfdan; sad, 153,J Clough; 3rd, 73 61, J Bedworth; 4th, 53 6J, T Goulding; sth, 43, J Mitchell ; 6th, T Compton ; 7th, 44, S Holland.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CASES.

On Friday, before R Stone, Mr. at Newton, John Hargreaves, of St Helens, was fined 2363 and costs or seven days for being drunk in Newton the pre- vious day.—On Tuesday, before Mr W Collingwood at Earlestown, William Holmes, of Earlestown. Patrick Hanley, of Newton, William Tracey, of Newton, Henry Wilson, of Leigh, and Richard Nicholson. of Newton, were each fined t2i 61 and costs or seven days for being drank in Earlestown in Monday. VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNIC AL INSTRUCTION CLASSES.

From an advertisement on the front page it will be seen that the.e classes will open for the winter session on the 23rd just, and intending students should join without delay. As before, classes will be held in Science, Art. Commercial, and Domestic Economy. and an efficient teaching staff has been secured. The fees for any subject, except Domes- tic:Economy are 2s and for each additional subject Is, but tudeuts taking tour or more subjects will be charged 4s 6i only for the sB-ion. For Cookery, Laundry,Millinery and Needlework, the fee is 2s 61 for each subject. ST. PETER'S CHURCH BIBLE CLASS, NEWTON' The annual meeting of the members of this class was held on Monday evening. Mr T Wilkinson pre- sided and there was a good attendance of members, including the Rev James Ryder. In the election of officers, Mr Ryder was appointed president; Mr T Wilkinson, chairman ; Mr J 11 Lane, secretary; Mr Wilson, treasurer; and a committee consisting of eight members. A committee was also appointed to take into consideration the question of forming a gymnasium to b 3 held in St Peter's Schools. It was decided to have a stall in connection with the Bible class, at the forthcoming bazaar in aid of funds for the completion of the church tower, and one of the bells. _ GOOD TEMPLARY.

Hope of Earlestown Lodge meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall, Wargrave-road, on Monday evening. The Secretary read a post-card from Bro Walker, DT, accepting the invitation to deliver the address at the Anniversary tea. The programme for the evenirg, prepared by Sister Miss Woods, was opened by singing" Work for the night is coming"; song, " Strangers yet," Sister Williams ; reading. "Ben Seddou's courtship," Bro Warburton ; song, "I'll take you home again, Kathleen," Bro Hatton recitation, Sister Naylor; mouth organ solo, Bro Wilson ; song," Gates of the West," Sister Woods ; recitation, "The Quack Doctor," Bro Warburton; song, " I cannot sing the old songs," Sister Williams ; mouth organ solo, Bro Wilson. The Lodge was closed in the usual manner by Bro Williamson, C T. VULCAN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

In connaction with the above, har-v—e?t-Thanks- giving services were held in the schoolroom on Sunday afternoon. The school, which is also used as a chapel, was very prettily decorated by Mr C Spottiswood, assistsd by Messrs Martin, Wadsworth, Ferguson, Mrs Devereux, Misses Platt, Bent and Astall. The decorations were in the form of three archways, the columns being composed of flowers and leaves, the top of the arch was covered with vine sprays from which bunches of grapes wer suspended. The text "God giveth the increase" wa handsomely done in blue and gold, with sheaves o corn in the centre. Tables laden with fruit, vege tables, flowers, &c, were placed in front and gave a very pleasing effect. Tile services were conduc- ted morning and evening by the Rev Moffatt Gaw- trey, who also preached a couple of excellent ser- mons. There were large congregations at each ser- vice, and the collections were quite satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

s SHOOTING AFFAIR AT Sr HELENS.'

Abolt twenty minu:es past ten on 111-o-i;d74.y night a shocking accident happened :at the L. & N W.R. Station St Helens, • when a man about twenty- seven years of age by some means got on to the line and was run over by a train corning in from Liverpoo/. Both the man's legs were cut off high up, and had afterwards to be amputated at the thigh by Dr Jackson. He was removed to the Providence Hospital, and stated that his name was John Boyle, and that he belonged to Black- burne. He had been working in St Helens three weeks, and lodged in Back Appleton-street. Peaslev Cress. ANARCHIST SCARE AT Sr. HELENS.

At the m-et-ti-n-g- of the St Helens TOw-n—lia-11.Committee on Wednesday, the Deputy fown-zleat said they had received application from the St Helens Socialist Society for the use of the committee room on November 21,f0r a lecture on " Municipal Socialism." by Mr Snowden. Councillor Hatton: They will be shooting S3lllkl Of UR chaps (laughter.) The Chairman : These are not the people to do that, Councillor Hatton : It is six of one and half a dez.n of the other. There is no difference in them. It is °sly a different name. The Chairman ; I think these are not so bad. Mr Peet said some time ago the eom mi ttee rooms were very badly used. Tne Chairman : Not by the Socialist S nietv. The surveyor said the rooms were let on the understanding that any damage must be made good. Councillor Hatton : If there is any bother, what .then P Councillcr Peet : There will be no bother —The application was then. granted. SAD COLLIERY FATALITY AT Timm-CIC.

Mr F iJones, deputy coroner, held an-i—nouest at the Waggon Hotel, gaydock, on Tuesday, on the body of Thomas N wcross, aged thirty, 103, Clipsley-lane, Haydock. who died on Sunday morning in the Haydock Cottage Hospital. Mr Matthews, Government inspector, Mr E Peace, representing Messrs R Evans and Co., Mr Watkinson. certified manager, and Inspector Palmer were present. The deceased, said his brother, wits a day wageman, and had worked. at the Legh Pit for about eighteen years. The witnesa was the under manager of the coil cry, and was satisfied that his brother's death was an accident. The deceased was thoroughly familiar with all kinds of mining work. He held a aecond-class mining engineer's certificate.—James Hasiede, fireman, said that on Saturday night, about midnight, in Talbat's level of the mine, deceased was making a bole for a prop. Previous to this the deceased hsd tested tho roof, and it sounded somewhat bad, so that they decided to put up a bar. About five minutes afterwards a stone fell out of the roof on to the door and rolled on to deceased, who was kneeling at the time. The witness pulled the deceased from under the stone, which weighed between 4 and 5 cwts.—Mr Matthews said that there was a space of four feet between two bars, and in this space the men were setting a bar. They had previously propped a partly. broken bar, and in driving the wedgen in might have shaken the roof.—A verdict of " Accidental death" was returned.

I O.T. No 1. Convention S W. Lancashire. Ihe half-yearly session was held in the Good, Templar Hall, Ashton-in-Makerfield on Saturday. Bro G Clarke, Earlestown, presiding. a large attendance being present from Earlestown,Widnes, St Helens, Wigan and Leigh. The reports of the various officers were read, and a discussion on various matters, and the forthcoming abike Celebrations, at Liverpool, urging all to renewed efforts to increase the membership. Election of officers for the next half year. CC T, Bro Lindon, St Helens ; C Councillor ,Bro 0 Clarke, C V T Sister Miss Naylor, Vulcan; CSecretary.Bro Smith, Ashton; C Treasurer, Bro Speakman. Ashton : CS .T T, Sister Mrs Woods, Earlestown C Chaplin, Bro John Parr, Leigh. C E Superin' endent, Bro Turner, St Helens. The next session to be at Widnes in October. Bro and Sister Walker, District Lodge Officers were present from Liverpool and took part in the meeting. After tea a District Lodge Special SerOon was held Bro G B Walker, District Treasure presiding.i9 candidates were admitted. The chair- man gave an interesting address on the work of the Order. A vote of condolence to Bro Bowler Ashton, on the death of a con, closed a useful fternoon and night meeting.

EAF,iLESTOW,N C,RICKET CLUB. " 1 ,1,. , ____,• Bating al i and Bing' Averages. ~,:" Spapqn 1901.. Th lst Eleven plavea IT matches 6 being won, 6 lost and 5 dthavn, scoring 1858 runs for 146 wickets. average 121 Oppopents sccied 1943 runs for 133 wickets, avernge 121. i t'ef BATTING. • ..

Innings Times Highest Total played not out score runs Average. J Miller l6 ... 2 ... 112* ... 455 ... 321 W H Crowther BA Robinson l4 ... 2 ... 59 ... 147 ... 123 G Husbaod , l3 ... 30 ... 158 ... 122 T Marsh l2 ... 35 ... 140 ... 118 W Rylanc3 13 ... 1 ... 32 ... 133 111 W Jenkinson EForrunan ..., 3 ... 1 9 ... 29 10.0 H Davies J W Burrell C W Emmett J Alderson F Reade H Sandford J. Hatton II Gilman 2 T Mitchell 2O W Morse W Harrison J Samuels 2 J Marsh )9 G B Leigh l..

*Denotes not out

BOWLING.

Overs-. -14.F1.'n-e. Rims. Wkts, Av'ge. J H Alderson H Eandford J Hatton 62 ... 13 ... 173 ... 16 ... 10.10 H Davies W Jenkinson T Mitchell W Rylatade 5B ... 13 ... 196 ... 11 ... 17•9 T Marsh 2O ... 3 ... 63 ... 2 ... 311 J W Burrell W H Crowther.... J. Miller Vir Morse 0 W Emmett The second eleven played 15 matches, of which 3 were won, 5 lost, and 2 drawn.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
ZATTIYG.

Innings Times Highest Total played. not out. score. runs. Av'ge. W flatton T Lowe J W Burrell 3 1 .. 93* ... 149 ... 212 W Morse G B Leigh ..... J Marsh W Harrison 7 '''.':. 3 ... 29* ... 62 ..• 1.5'2 F Butler ....... T A Limond J Vernon ll ... 1 ... 35 ... 109 ... 19 9 G Greenall F Valentine l3 ... 1 ... 22 ... 100 ... 6.4 J F Rea.le 3 Hatton J B Rees W Morris A Tarbuck A Davies G Taylor ..._ ...... GA B Harrison 2 8

J H 5t0tt....... ..... 2 R A Robinson

-,. J Ambler J Wainwrißh W Jenkinaon H Sing'eton ... H Banton I 2 W Herrison A Cronin 2

X OWLING.

Overt. brd'ne. Runs. Wkts. Av'Re. .7 Harsh W Harrison 7 Hatton 44 ... 11 ... 132 ... 14 ... 9.61 i W Morse 66 9 . 206 ... 19 F Valentine 3 W Burrell T A Limond Ft Sandford . .

A Davies 1 T Lowe W Jenkillson 5 .. 1 ... 11 ... 1 G B

===== 0002601_19010920_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT]. FOOTBALL.

Only two Saturdays have gone of the football season, vet thos3 two Saturdays have provided another evidence of the in and out form Earles- town invariably show. They open their season by visiting the latest recruits tu Lancashire League football and return defeated by two goals to nil, and last week they beardsd the League champions in their den and play them to a goalless draw. Almost the same team was responsible for these two practical illustrations of the uncertainty of football. The only difference from the team which was defeated at St Helens was that the forward line had been slightl3 juggled about; the rest of the team was identically the same. However, if the form shown at Statybridge is sustained, one thing is certain, Earlestown will be nearer the top of the laider when the reckoning up comes than they were at the close of last season.

Newton opened their ground on Saturday by entertaining Birkenhead and after a hard game managed to gain the verdict by the odd goal. The game was only a few minutes old when Butler placed Newton ahead, but the Cheshire team al- most immediately got on level terms again, a grand shot from R Lloyd beating Horrocks all the way. Both goals were subjected to severe pressure before the interval but the IV histl9 blew with the teams still level. Very shortly after the resumption, Brcster received a pass from Butler, and gave New- ton the lead whilst a few minutes later Butler increased the score to three, putting the ball into the net whilst the defenders were clustering round the referee claiming for offside. Birkenhead seemed to realise their position after this reverse as they keot up an almost continued pressure on the Newton goal. Florrocks had as lively a time as he is likely to have for some time, shots being rained in from all angles. Only one of these took effect however, a beautiful effort from the foot of Good entering the corner of the net quite out of reach of the custodian, and Newton gained a somewhat lucky victory by three goals to two.

Perhaps nobody was more surprised at the victory they gained over the Rovers on Saturday than Sutton Commercial themselves. The latter ere a comparatively new team, haying only joined the Liverpool Amateur League this season but they romped round the Rovers to the tune of three goals to one, and their victory was no fluke either. They were easily the better team. especiallY in 'the last ten minqtes when they played their opponents to a standstill. The Rovers will have to improve if they are to equfl last season's record.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE SERGEANT

INSTRUCTOR HANCOCK. Military Funeral at Newton.

The remains of the late Sergeant Instructor James Hancock, of the Newton Detachmont, 6th V.B. King'a Liverpool Regiment, were interred on Saturday after- noon, -with full military honours. The afternoen was very fine, and a large concourse of people lined the route of the funeral corl6ze, On parade were the Newton detachment of the 8:h V.B. (K.L.R ) and the battalion band, together with the local bugle band, under the command of Captain Parker of Liverpool ; number of men of the " G Company, Ist South Lancashire , Volunteers under the command of Colour Sergeant G Bailey, and the " C " Squadron of L incashire Hussars. ' imperial Yeomanry, under the command of Sergeant M4jor Pears, the whole being in command of Major Rowe, in the uniform of the Rosa! Marie' Light Infan- try, adjutant to the 6-h V.B K.L.R. Toe carriers were all sergeants of the 6th V.B. viz., Sergeants Wright, Rose, F Appleton, W Kent, R Hill, and H jsiobbs. The roffin was borne by these from the deceasrd's late residence to the hearse. A firing party of 13 privates and a Lance. Sergeant under the cntnmand of Sergeant Rinamer, preceded the hearse, with arms reversed, and immedi- ately behind the band, which played the "Dead March" ea ?vote. Behind the hearse came a carriage containing the deceased's relatives followed by the Newten de tacbment 6th V B, G Company, Ist S L and the Hussars in their new khaki uniform, with slouch hat and cock- ade of black feathers. On arrival at the Cemetery, th 3 coffin was met by the Rev James Roder, Vicar of St , Peter's,Newton, who conducted the service. The coffin, ' which was covered with a new Union Jack, surmounted by the deceased's belrnit, sash and s a ord was then con- veved to its last resting place, the pall bearers being Quarter Master Strange, Sergeant Major Abbott, (Regular) Quarter Master Sergeant Floltrate (Lancashire Hussars) Colour Sergeant Bailey, Ist VB,S L, Colour Sergeant T Appleton and Colour Sergeant J Morris (Liverpool) 6:13 VB, B L R. When the coffin bad been lowered into the grave three volleys were fired, and the bugle sounded the last post amid many expressions of sympathy. The military aftbrwards departed, the band playing a lively air to headquarters. There were numerous beautiful wreaths sent by the relatives and military friends. Colour-Sergeant T Appleton had entire charge of the arrangeni.nts, and Messrs Walton were the undertikeral The coffin was of Canadian oak, with brass fittings.—The deceased had been Instructor to the Newton Detachment about six years, being transferred from the Wiltshire Regiment in which he bad served about 20 years. He had spent considerable time in India, and had been through the Xulu campaign under Lord Chelmsford.

HARVEST FES rivALs.

Primitive Methoa!st Chapel, Runcorn.

The harvest Festival in connection with the above place of worship will be held on Sunday. Special anthems will be retriered by the choir, and in the after- noon there will be a bright hour's service, when the Rev W A Eyre will deliver a brief address. For further particulars see advertisement.

St. Luke's Congregational Mission.

The harvest festival in connection with this Mission WAS held on Sanday. There were good congregations at all the services. The place had been very prettily decorated under the superintendence of Mr and Mrs Lowe. In the afternoon service the Rev Sidney Morris preached a v3ry appropriate sermon on the harvest. In the evening the pulpit was occupied by Mr J Miller. A service of song was given on the Monday evening. Mr W Handley occupying the chair. The connective read- ings were read by Mr F Beck. Mr E Penny conducted and the proceedings were a pronounced success.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey.road Wesleyan Church, Warrington.

Harvest thanksgiving services were held in this church on Sunday. During the latter days of the pre- ceding week, Mrs Hocken, Mrs Wadsworth, Mrs Savage and the Misses E Jones, Collin, Lawton, Healey, Skelland and E Bailey, spent considerable time and trouble in placing to the utmost advantage the gifts of corn, fruit, flowers, and plants, and the result was a credit to their efforts. Never in the history of the church had the interior presented such a pleasing appearance. The preacher in the morning was the Rev W C J Nevlle, who. in his prayer, made a sympathetic reference to the eeath of President fil`Kinley. The choir rendered the anthem " 0 worship the King." Mr B Wadsworth presided at the organ. In the evening the Rev C 13 Hocken conducted the service, end in his dis- course commented upon the spiritual significance of the ,1 harvest festival. The anthems rendered were " While I the earth remaineth " and "0 worship the King." The collections were in excess of those of the previous year.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Congregational Church.

The annual harvest tnankgiving services were held in this place of worship on Sunday. Toe preacher was the Rev John Yonge, who at the morning service referred to the death of the President of the United States, of which a report will be found in another column. In accordance with the usual custom the church was not decorated, but a fine display of flowers and ferns was seen on the communion table. The choir rendered the anthem " Thou visitest the earth," the solo part being efficiently taken by Miss Kershaw. Mr W H Payton Mus Bac presided at the organ, There was an'exceedingly good congregation at:the evening service when the Rev John Yonge spoke from the words " Neither will I offer burnt offerings unto the Lord my God of that which doth cost me nothing " The special 'anthems were " Almighty God" (W H Payton) and " Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem " (E V Hall). The sanctus composed by the respected organist of the church was exceedingly well sung, and the music reflec- ted the highest credit upon the composer. Mrs R H Pearson gave a very effective rendering of the difficult solo part in the anthem " Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusa- em." Co I,ctions were taken on behalf of the Church Contingent Fu )d,

===== 0002601_19010920_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Paul's, Runcorn.

The annual festival in connection with the above church was held on Sunday and Monday. For the week previous to the festival the ladies and gentlemen associated with the church had been strenuously at work on the fbrai decorations in a praiseworthy effort to maintain the church's hitherto high tradition. The result was all that could be expected. The interior of the sacred edifice presented an artistic as well as a picturesque ap- pearance and the workers deserve something more than a passing word of prai:e for their skilful treatment. St. Paul's doe: not readily lend itself to artistic decoration, being rather too spacious and roomy for compact dis- play but contrivance and perseverance overcame all obstacles. The pillars had been prettily draped with strings of green foliage out of which peeped delicate flowers while between them hung dainty baskets corn- posed of ferns, creepers and exquisite plants. The winnows downstairs, too, had. been very neatly dressed the floral designs being considerably enhanced with the different species of fruit with which they were dressed. Round the walls were hung many suitable shields indica- tive of " Harvest Home.." The prettiest were, " The Kirg reigeeth" surmounting a beautifully worked crown of dowers and a sickle attached to a handful of wheat. The communion table and rail looked handsome In the extreme. Round the rail was hung a deep fringe of oats which was in turn crested with asparagus fern and asters, which were prettily looped with small red crabs hanging from spikes of red gladiolas. The communion table's chief ornament was a large basket of flowers from the handle of which hung a bunch of luseious grapes and which was surrounded with lilies and other foliage. On the right hand side of the table Was an exquisite vase studded wi'h violet asters and relieved with white stocks fringed with white and pink Mice. On the other side stood a large wheatsheaf while round the pulpit were trouped agricultural imp ements. The pulpit was the most striking centre-piece, round the bottom being hung cactus dahlias from which were suspended asparagus fern. The middle panel contained the text of the fe,tival, "For the harvest is full," which encir- cled a crown of white lilies worked on green. On the other sides, fringed with the olive leaf were panels of white asters worked on red baize, the whole of the de- sign being choicely touched with delicate ferns and fruit. Fronting the choir stalls was a beautiful belting of asparagas fern festooned with Small red crabs which were looped on spikes of flowers from which fruit was suspended. The organ seat was faced with a beautiful harp made of oats and wheat, the strings being com- posed of small red crab apples. Branching the instru- ment was a wealth of green foliage intermingled with bulrushes. There were good congregatione at all the services. In the morning the Bev S B Foster delivered a-very instructive sermon on the tem" "That both grow Ja together until e harvest." The minister ormetualized the parable of the tares and the wheat, and gave a very pleasing analogy between the sowing and reaping of the harvest and et-Afloat judgment of mankind.—At the evening service the Rev A WEN occupied the pulpit and I delivered an eloquent sermon on the words ‘' If I had not come and spoken unto them they had not load sin but now they have no cloke for their sin!, The great lesson from the text, the minister said, was that oppor- tunity WAS the measure of responsibility. Circumstances and motives were the two great factors in the shaping of life.—On Monday the services were concluded, the Rev G B Saul (Widnes) oceupying the pulpit. He de- livered a very instructive discourse from Isaiah x win. 4-5 The minister's subj:ct was " Providence " and he showed how the Christian ought to trust on in the higher power in spite of the fact that evil seemed, at times, to gain tbe ascendancy. God's Providence worked everything out right. God never slept though be sometimes rested.—The anthems were splendidly rendered be the choir and comprised, " Oh ! give thanks." "Oh Worship the King,"" They that dwell in the land "and " Praise the Lord." The soloists Messrs J Leathwood, E Kniveton, T Johnson and Miss M A Jones acquitted themselves with distinction and added considerably to the success of the proceedings. The collections were satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19010920_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CRICKET CLUB.

The Season's Averages. SECOND ELEVEN. There have been 19 matches Wayed of which 6 have been wen, 7 lost and 6 drawn.

ft LTTING •

No oE Times Moat in an Total

Minnlngs. not ot-st.--in—n-in—gs...- sainws-; Av'ge. T Houghton P B Hawkin ll ... 1 ... 101* ... 232 ... 28 20 B B WOode E Pierpoint A Duckworth D Plinston C R Adamson .. It Plerpoint L Fairclough C H Bond 4 ... 1 ... 11 ... 23 ... 766 C Allen lO ... 1 ... 15 ... 66 ... 733 W Hind J. Roddy W Houghton A Thompson. R Crompton l5 ... 1 ... 113 .. 69 ... 493 W Bennett

... signifies not Out. BOWLING.

°vers. Runs, W'kets. Alege. W Bennett P B Hawtin 6O ... 143 ... 19 ... 778 W Houghton 0 R Adamson R Crompton 166 ... 559 ... 36 ... 1552 811 Woods J Roddy 47 ... 153 ... 9 ... 17.00 D Pllnston 9 Pi.rpoint 9 Allen R Plerpol nt • 23 ... 101 ... 4 ... 23.25

COMMERCIAL • PRINTING WITH THE GREATES r/ DESPATCH.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

" EXAMINER " OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

HENRY MILES

AND C OMPANY'S

GREAT SUMMER SALE. SURPLUS SUMMER STOCK. TO BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST,

SAL

C IVORY, k_.

CARD, ]

77,

WEI MEV have SFICUZ BR ~A

The openi

BOLD -S

TO-MORI At 10. At 6, All

LIARVIt pARIS THI

EVE PREACHER EV

Rohr Cominui Mafin3, Chore Service for th Evensong an Pay ACHEB

PREAC.ER

- 140R1 011'PRIt't CRIBS Gift. of Vlovier received at the C Members of tk 'irl37 at the live

WORKINC GRAND D OF IN Stab ON

COMMENC

Tickets, 21., 1!

poym, R THURSI

Wil arly doors at

TO PIiEV

CIRCUS, GRAN]

COMMBNCII

AN IDEA.

XarVenOUS F I Buek Junil Bourg (+P.n. it " Saturday Mm

Ii ES F

TO THE

LADIES AND I beg to thi have done aentstive on ' assure you Pu devotel to th

Clerk Chmtor. 23

R. W

PULL PI

UT [CE PARTN

undersig

carry werric ‘..44 Shutt." ri 'l4l. from the 2 t 411 debts du teelved and T bated WS 2

2igtted by ti —.6 Presence 0

bROGHE o GRE "RR. SAI • Inch

, WE: -01 t List c Roßciii erpj w. B.

4141LwAY &Krim') Actsi RMI

y '9 Af • I g. te, ken. kftg %Very Grappenba Septernbi NOTICE I GENER tO the CCUNI F_OURT HOUI Ir:9tinty on Mc ..letroan o'clach Will be eropar ~_The hearing rloo of Buckl 141 P Knutmtord ;?„tnntnitted frr ?esiinnoo. Tho Irltd Dist 't u TIC r ..ltro Word, at '"l'th day of 0 THE COUR c hrster, on W atEleven o'clo _tltv will be r ,raing within :el: or%in wa set s: T I! ...cloned ['undo rstriot mos: nt Ulf) nnenini "al of Octobe NOTICF PAT n d fitsu n TT, 4ilbenses MAI &gents '' 'neon Mr. )1. .ialeriel b",4ratbitoh . all out tih4 Product liato"Pe• Pie bottl Zervwhere aillyto Bill

===== 0002601_19010920_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
TOGETEIER WITH AN EXTRAWIDINARY

SPECIAL PURCHASE OF

LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSES

HENRY MILES & COMPANY will Offer at. Great Reduction in Prices a large parcel of Ladies' and Children' SHIRTS and BLOUSES bought from a London Maker for Cash at discounts varying from 33i to 50 per cent f com cost prices, One of the Cheapest lots of Shirts and Blouses offered this season,

SR WINDOWS THIS DAY.

OVER 2,000 SHIRTS AND LOUSES AT ABOUT ONE-I-lALF REGULAR PRICES.

1 1.1.21 SALE PRICE Is. .ID, EACH. Zephyr. Cambric, Print and bIUsLIN SHIRTS, in Stripes, Checks, Plaids, White and Self-Oolours, some Tucked and others Embroidered, all Perfect Goods: Usueliy 2s Hid and 38 61 each.

SALE PRICE 2s. 112 D. EACH.

- Sateen Mercerised Cloth Zephyr, Cambric ad French PRINT SHIRTS, with or without Sailor Collars, Tucked, Embroidered or Plain Fronts, In Stripes, Checks, Floral Designs, also Self-Colours, Black or White, Usually 43 lid to 53 lid each.

1) •• Li(o ALE _i_ RICE 4S HD. EACH. A CHARMING ASSOR'MENT OF LADIES' SILK SHIRTS, IN EVERY POSSIBLE SHADE, AND ALL THE NEWEST SHAPES, IN TUCKS AND FANCY STRIPES AND SELF COLOURS. MARVELLOUs VALUE FORMER PRICE 7s Iln EACH.

CHILDREN'S BLOUSES. SALEPRICE ‘t-,40. EACH. GIRLS' AND BOYS' AMERICAN SAILOR BLOUSES, TAILOR MADE, BIT QUALITY DRILL, HOLLAND COLOUR, ALL SIZES, USUALLY 2s ltd BACH.

11 SALE PRICE IS. 12D. EACH. French CAMBRIC SHIRTS (plaids) ; with White Linen Collars, Fast Coloars,worth 3s lid each. Striped English Print and PIQUS SHIRTS, Beauti- fully Tucked. Striped FLANNELETTE SHIRTS for Summer Wear. All are perfect in Cut and Oood Quality. Usually 25 60. 25 lid, and 35 lid each.

1 11 OALE PRICE 39. -1.1. 2D. EACH. Twilled FLANNEL SDIRTS, Self Shades. with Bair Cord Silk Stripe. French DELAINE SHIRTS.with Silk Stripe Cream only

Light and Dark French MUSLIN SHIRTS, Lincd Throughout, Floral Designs, trimmed Lace and Sailor Cellar.

Navy Foulard SATEEN SHIRTS, Handsomely Tucked.

These Goode are made from the Beet Materials, Perfect in Cut, and finiehed in a superior manner. All High-clas3 SHIRTS, Usually sold at 63 lid and 83 lid each.

SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY.

HENRY MILES AND COMPANY, AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOM'

OPPOSITE PRO-CITTIEDEALL, LIVERPOOL: ;

TELEPHONE 75.5.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P:zivATE

D:ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unneoessaryabut may be arranged. TEETH, TEETH. All 'consultations free. Bach patient Informed beforehand the cost work required,. TEETH. 13 old and other fillings at mo,terate charges. TEETH. An M.D., aloe Lady Attendants. TEETH. P"nless Extraction as hitherto by the alol. of Nitrous Oxide. TUTU. Maker to Dentists of 10,X0 grilio weekly. . Exors. Of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS Sr. HELENS .GEORGE-STREET" MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON —...3A, SANKEY-STREET • WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5,

RUNCORN, 31. BRIDGE-STREET

71117ESDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH_IB, APPLESIARRET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

MARRIAGES.

JONES—HEWITT—September 7th. at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the flee Canon Willis, William Jones to Ada Hewitt. LATIMER—BRITTON—September 7th. at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the Rev Canon Willis, William Henry Latimer to Annie Britton. HARRop—BucaANAN —September Bth, at the Parish Church. Warrington. by the 'Rev Canon Willis, William Allen Harrop to Annie Buchanan. CLARE—EDGAR—September Bth, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev Canon NMI', John William Clare to Sarah Edgar. DEATHS.

NORMAN—On the 9th lost at 46 Rewsey-street. WiMaul Ralph Norman the belayed husband of Blizabeth Norman. aged 60 years, after a very painful Illness. Interred ir° Warrington Cemetery on the llth Inst. MALLON—September 4th at Foundry-street, Warrington. Robert Mallon. aged 33 years. CRUMP—September sth, at Lythgoes-lane, Warrington, Blitl Crump, aged 45 years. CONWAY—September 6th. at Union-street, Warringtco'' Bridget Conway, aged 19 years. MELBOURNE eptember Bth. at Scotland-road, Warring On. William Melbourne, aged 64 Years. WHaom—eleptember 9th, at Ola•lstone-street, Warringtotl• Elieha Wilson. aged 45 years. GLREsox—September lath, at Rodney-street, Warringt°r'' Hannah Gleeson, aged 60 years.

FRIARS' GRIMM Warrington Om. 'site Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Easel:Weft.; Se T. WARD AND Co. MONITSIENTAL SCULPTORS, 31ARBLE MASONS. drc,, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuineats, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND OGRANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.

Warrington.—Printed and Publ haled by Scald WALisa CO. at The Examiner General Printing Works,l BeletanYci street, and published( by them at the same PlaCe also at the The Examiner Offices, Viotoria•road.WlD'—t 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 6, Harket-Stree. BiRLESTOwN,-Iu the County of Lancaster and mho at Hill! IVi" It. EtracoaN In the County of Chester, S T. 14,

===== 0002601_19010920_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices ar,,ed by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. M• ACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries ssy : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General Nays Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Otiginal Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ATTEND AT ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYIANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6.

VIAOUCT IrsIsTITUTE T tiCIIN ICAL INSTRUC- TION COMMITTEE EARLESTOWN.-9ession 1901-2 ."4321nence on MONDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 23rd, 1901. Su-ars:M.—SCIENCE. and Solid Geometry, Machine Construction, Building Zunstruction. Mathematics. Stages 1, 2 and 3. Applied reknies, Magnetism and Electricity, Steam and Physio- "Phy. ART. ORO.IfETRICIL Drawing Freehand and Model. COMMERCIAL. ornmercial Correspondence and Har.dwriting. Arithmetic, y'itlieh Grammar and Composition, French, Algebra. 7,?osuration. Commercial Arithmetic, Book-keeping and waorthand. V DOMESTIC ECONOMY. (l)kery Dressmaking. Laundry, Millinery and Needle ^ork. Or further particulars see Syllabus. Iltending btudents should JOIN AT ONCE, T. °RYLAND. Secretary. 13 L D-S TREET WESLEYAN CEIURCH, WARRINGTON. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES, SEPT. 22nd, 1901.

VS IQ EG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE "OH, YES 1 ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' ''THANK YOU."

(ZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! Every workman should have one. of liftel.TH'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Berge Jackets, strong, warm. and comfortable ; try them.--85. BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. fid. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH, MOUNTED ON GOLD, PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, AQ, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. J. HIGHIM ATTENDS AT MRS. BAIRD 17, LEGH-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 84, OXFORD-STREET, ST. HELENS. " IT'S THE SUN THAT BRINGS THEM OUT," And the splendid value ARTHUR EVANS Is giving in Gent's Boots induces them to dive into 5, LONDON-ROAD, (LIVERPOOL and make their feet look respectable,

PREShIRE COUNTY COUNCIL —The TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE offers a number of ,o'FIOLARSEIIt'S tenable for eight week., for a special th:ree of instruction in Agriculture or Horticulture. at 7College,Holmes Chapel, and commencing OCTOBER and Forms of Application can be ""tained from Mr. Wean, Organising Secretaty's Office Crewe. LIVERPOOL & ORTFI WALES. REGULAR DAILY MORNING SAILINGS (Sundays included). " ST ELVIES," daily, to 30th September from Prince's Landing stage, at 104 S a z.. for Llandudno. ißeaurnaris. Bangor, and Menai Bridge,allowing about three hours ashore at Llan(sudno, and due back abut 7 0 n.m (Low Fares)• EXTRA sAILINGS. erne/. 21st and 28th September Snowdon at 1.37 p.m. lih,for Llandudno only due back 8 0 p m. 'OA.Y by Snowdon 22nd at 11.15 a.m. for Llandudno at reduced fares. Fares and all further particulars apply to tha Liverpool North Wales Steamship Company. Limited, T G Brew, Secretary. 20. Water-street, Liverpool.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 129 6d. Liverpool Agent : II RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL. CLOSE TO LIMB-STREET STATION. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver and Gold-filled at Lowest Prices Current.

.n.A• AND J. MIAINE, 'AWNRHOHERS. JEWELLERS, AND 17, RIC SILVERSMLTHHMOND-STREET, 6, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and ery. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and ge Plate and Negotiable Property of every . Jewell ZlPtion. Old Gold and Silver bought. 13,.n. transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. test secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCIC OF "NUarili JEWELLERY SILVER PLATE IC. ALWAYS ON SALE. ' Go ~ SPECIAL VALUE IN GOLD CHAINS. 4,1Lti11,„" Handsome Solid 9ct GOLD CURB DOUBLE hq,,"llT. Government Stamped on every link. £2 7s 6d ; 41,,i herr at £2 106' also one with one long link and three same price. th, aLassive lad GOLD OPEN CURB ALBERT, Goverment on every link, weighs just under 3 ounces. £ll 10s. ig ..en guarantee to lend £9 Mon this chain at any tiaze in "Vile. ...as, LA VALUE in DIAMONDS in Liverpool. litne ~• "lIIS at,d GENTLEMEN'S RINGS at all prices in it. ge !Dille, by post receive prompt attention. 4 4ew.w,, RITTEN GUARANTEE given with every article of 4,'"er9 Sold as to the amount we will lend on in pledge. Ith„..carefulli Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. RLETS, lc. GOLD and .t,ILVER WATCHES. lasekeSt!.and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all A ITAINE'S, 1 ~ RICHMOND SIREET. LIVERPOOL.

TO MECHANICS AND OTHERS, FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALE. GASFITTERS' STOCKS and DIES, 4e 64 and 6s 64, ENGINEERS DITTO be 64 and 10s 64. LATHES. El 5s and £4 lie. DRILLING MACHINES, 74 94, 16e 64 and 21e. DRAWING INSTRUMENTS On cases) 3c94 be 64, 8c 12. s 64. Basses of JOINERS' TOOLS, 18s 64, 22s 64, 28s 64, & 355. Baize of PLUMBERS' TOOLS, 6s 64 and 8s 64. MASON'S CHISELS, 44 per lb. CARVERS' TOOLS (for wood), a crest variety, from 44 each. BLACKSMITH'S BELLOWS and Hearth, 36s and 41e. AT HUGHES BROTHERS'. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND WOL MERCHANTS. 116 to 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. Te!ephone 5,171.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PA‘ EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. &O. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING- A SPECIALITY, Telegrams :—" HOLLINGWORTN, Latchford."

UMBRELLAS I 'UMBRELLAS fl THB LATEST HOVE TIES SUITABLE FOE PELE3ENI: LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES 1011...JVREED IN IlkL7 AN UOUB FROM SA. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

GLASGOW EXHIBITION. tAt NGLANDS' RAILINGS. To GREENOCK AND GLASGOW.' " PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. PrCnrk LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW. CI n arence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. P. 24th 8 p.m. Tues. Sep. 17th 2 p.m, *6.30 p.m P. 28th 10 p.m. Sat. Sep. 21st Z p.m.*8.25. p.m , 15;t1mins from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock .., (Central.), clop ."nts.ny FARES :—Cabia. Single, lie. ; Return (valid or r3:'onths), 16s. 6d. Steerage, Single, ss. 6d. 112ijitelAL RETURN Vora, Including adgitiesesralogne, tso e. t3hde . tzl2lt, o ;(valid for 10 ys). Cabin, (Friday till Monday or Saturday till Tuesday). L's.: Steerage, is. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS. 10, RUMFORD-PLUM. LIVERPOOL. WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Q cieenstown. 1.4 3),. 418 -ERDAy SERVICE. FRIDAY SERVICE. ...... Wed., Sep. 25 CELTIC Fri h Oct. 4 Wed.. Oct. 2 I CYMRIC Wed Oct. 9 CELTIC Fri., Nov. 8 Wed..: Oct. 16 I CYMRIC ,%ISro'.,Class passange at low rates including Outfit free of 041)Iy. rievr York. Boston. Philadelphia. or Baltimore. S6OIPMAY. buns, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Coakspur and 34, Leadenhall Street, London. E. 0.. R.O t b„.—rt4 HEDA STEAM PACKET COMPANY AND c.4144/i/r4RAT NORTHERN RAILWAY OF IRELAND .SALOON ON STEAMER, RAIL and HOTEL 1,11 eluded, a 9 EEK IN IRELAND FOR Li• 1,11)10-4,!8! of TOWNS, DEPARTURES, Sm„ apply t) /t7**l4Ql. 11 H. HILL. 23. Water-street. Collingwood \ • 8 McALPINE, 28, Hartland-road, Birkenhead

WEDDING RINOS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22. carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SRFRN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to eaoh chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCEI AND CO. the Illuminated Cloak, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Bstablistied 1884.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnbll3. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Clanistes 6c1.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGT OE ESTABLISHBD 1833.

HENDRY'S " ROTFIRSAY " 15 AND 16, LOCH PROMENADE, DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, PRIVATE HOTEL AND BOARDING-HOUSE. Six o'clock Dinner. Terme from tie. per day (incinalve)• R. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

• 'TENDING VISITORS TO ERIGHTON WILL DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT WEBSTER'S PIFR CAFE RESTAURANT. 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to snit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) specially catered for. Write at once for Terms.

WIDOW WRLCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINT MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine ram the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained 13r It a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only Person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outride label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SoN 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul e. London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in Boxes at 26.9 d. each by most ohemists•

A. G-. WRAGG, 68 AND 70, NATAVERTREF-ROAD, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. }mum; FußNlsuert, DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. PIANOFORTES, Ac. Cash Boyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furniture, tto.

£l4 10 by Branentend. London. 8. in rosewood case. Ivory keys, full com- pass, sweet tone, by that world-renowned maker. A genuine secondhand instrument. Cost 45 guineas new. Tuned and delivered free. £4 183. 6D. EljolnDg EBOARD ilqigsohlidwitwhalnbuevt,ell4efat silvered centre plate support on massive pillars, with canopy top. A genuine bargain. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 24 43. aTwon ivne rpve ifae tut a bplree sTearpv east= PelaCcr aSs.uorl eels, 15 by 13 and mounted in gold frames. 24 by 22. The sub- jects are very good ' • eight figures in the two pictures. To estimate the original coat it would be impossible as I cannot trace the artist. WRAGG FOR SECONDHAND GOODS. 22 12s. 613. tsdewlaelanp t aDvIdN I pNaGt e nT tA BeLxtEe.nwdiinthg screw, on massive fluted legs with castors, Secondhand. Only £2 12s Bd. Equal to New. £8 10 CHIPPENDALE MAHOGANY CABINET, 3. with bevelled silvered plates, stands 611 6in high, with quantity of brackets, also display cupboards, lined with plush; beautifully carved; and well worth £l6 10s Come and insp.ct,for yourselves. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREE•ROAD. LIVERPOOL•

9 GUINEAS (RAAKB).—PIANOFORTE, in rosewood t.) case, inlaid marqueterie panel, by the world- renowned maker and holder of several gold medals for perfection in tone and construction. This Instrument is a perfect model, with iron frame,patent check repeating action. overstrung, ivory keys, sweet tone, and unequalled in value at 53 guineas, Warranted for twenty years. Delivered and tuned free. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTRBE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL: SECONDHAND PIANOS VERY CHEAP.

linen 38s. 6D. InHAsleß begstAlcilttiliE43 eurtd tiepkekecwjyll new, and quality guaranteed. Worth 555. 210 SATINWOOD BEDROOM SUITE, high- S. class make, comprising large rcomy wardrobe, with bevelled silvered robing mirror,carved panels (works of art), with bonnet drawer and roomy space for hanging wearing apparel: dressing table, with bevelled silvered mirror on patent actions support or bracket, with jewel drawers, two large and four small drawers ; washstand with pedestal towel rail marble slab, and double tiled back ; and two chairs complete. Cannot be equalled in the city of Liverpool for quality and value. My price £lO 10s.

k 3 15 MARBLiii CLOCK, strikes on gong, very S. massive. with Corinthian columns, prize medal movement, in perfect going order, with a pair of massive MARLI HORSES on ebonised stands. The lot cost late owner 10 guineas. My price only £3 15s. WRAGd. 7i. WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

BEDSTEADS, 4ft 61n by 6ft 6in., extending foot, S. with massive brass rails mounted and with knobs, worth 30s a set. Only 12 sets left out of bankrupt stock. L 4: 15 Solid Mahogany secondhand BOW{CA.sE, S. with movable shelves, support leaf, hand- some cupboard. with two drawers and two cupboards, fitted with locks and keys. A genuine bargain, and equal to new. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTIME-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

WRAUG FOR PI .NOFORTES. WRAGG FOR SIDEBOARDS. WRAGG FOR PARLOUR SUITES. WRAGG FOR FAIR DEALING. WRAGG BUYS FOR CASH. YOU ARE DEALING WITH THE PRINCIPAL WHEN YOU BUY AT WRAGG'S. WE TRADE IN OUR OWN NAME.

eQ Very handsome Chippendale Mahogany Louis S. OVERMANTEL. very massive bevelled silvered plate centre oval, equal to new. Several o ther &signs to select Irnm. Delivered free.

_ .f.lO Hign d, -gra, Walnut Upright Ur,,nd :26 .8 PIANOFORTE. by those noted makers, Bernard and Sons. Berlin; full compass, iron frarne,trichord oblique action, very powerful tone. Guaranteed for 20 years. Cost late owner 50 guineas. Equal to new.

25 15 ORGAN,with b stops,knee swell, sweet tone; S. Victoria model by Barnes ; walnut case. Taken in exchange. Cost 12 guineas ; in perfect order. A bargain ; call and inspect. WRAGG. 70. WAVRRTRRE ROAD, LIVERPOOL. nhu,tnaSevEcir &AD. Li _4 10s.61ts'ecWonadl , bvaecrkyiumpaps osirvteed with carved pillars, three cupboards, cel!arette, and 3 drawers ; cost late owner vs. Carriage paid to any address.

A. G-. WRAGG Will BUY for CASH all kinds of FURNITURE and PIANOS. or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt attention, 68 AND 7J, WAVERTRIMROAD, EDO-BRILL, LIVERPOOL.

fj G. DOWLING, ESTATE, INSURANCE. COMMISSION AGENT. Office : 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21. Elleornere•road, Stockton Heath.

EADE S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURB GOUT. "Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines. 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. EAD.E'S GOUT PILLS CURB RHEUMATISM. " Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 53, New Lloyd-street, Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 58. Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days."—E J Macdonald, 79. Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."-1. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. "I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W, EADES GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost I well."—Philip Brans. 32, Archer-street. Bayswater, W. EADE'S GOUT. PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got relief."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Oreenhays, Manchester. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, bat before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham. Oaford.street, Coalville East. Leicestershire. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURB. " After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2. Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath. Sussex. EADE'S GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox; if that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar. EADE'-I GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS .1.:4 Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. ed.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE. 232. Goswell-road, London.

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES!! CARTRIDGES !! ! SAM N. GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALLISHTE CARTRIDGES, LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION. STANDARD GAUGE. ABSOLUTELY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. THE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAY. LiCl ORE THE &LENDID CUP, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH BALLISTITE CARTRIDGES, BY • MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT GUN CLUB. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SAM N. GREEN, AMMUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. (FOR UPWARDS 01 18 TEARS WITH SKELTON'S, LTD.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, , WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21S. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

CALL AND SEE PENDLEBURY AND IMMENSE STOCK OF BEDROOM SUITES rN ASH, AMERICAN WALNUT, SATIN WALNUT. ETC ALL WARRANTED TO BE STRONG, SOUND AND RELIALLE. 12, AND 14, WINVVICK STREET, WARRINGTON.

4 4 A. WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVAR PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-HARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNI: OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATUH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. we tchmakers THU ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Bent post free to 11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punotually'ettended to.

firth JJILLII ur TDE SEASON. SIMPICIN'S concentrated SARSAPARILLA WINE. ' A Product of the Highest PuritY and Eicellence G. H. Sharpe, F.O.S. 6d. size makes 1 Gallon of Delicious Wine. Sample bottle poet free, 9d.; double size, ls. Agents wanted everywhere. Apply to SIMPKYWO SAR9 &PARILLA BREWERY. Walthamstow.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDE KEATIN GS POWD R. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Hills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NSW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., I/ NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., SI, 1/ - Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Sold in Tins, 3d, ed., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows. 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, NOTHS.

• FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES, $O3 • &C., GO TO W ILLIAM. TODD. 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD bTRBET). LIVERPOOI

HARR3P BROS. AND COMPANY. PEWTERERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTHRS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22. BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

ROBERT LOWE, lISTATB AGHNT. AUCTIONRER, AND VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANIE-STRBET. Telephone No. 65. Cash advanced on Goods Depoin• ad for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture. te.. warehoused.

NEW DESIGNS AND BEST FINISII, SEE WINDOWS PENDLEBURY AND CO., 12, AND 14, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.)

• AUTUMN, 1901. WE SHALL MARE OUR FIRST SHOW OF THE SEASON ON TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24rx AND 25TH, AND FOLLOWING DAYS OF :FRENCH AND ENGLISH MILLINERY, MANTLES, JACKETS, COSTUMES, DRESS MATERIALS, Exc. ETC. J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18 AND 20, SA.NKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SI LVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAIJIES. (31r ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, itc.. to an amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive Prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

THREE ESSENTIAL THINGS. TO SECURE WHEN FURNISHING. VALUE. STYLE. QUALITY. ALL THREE CAN BE HAD PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING AT THE ' STORES. 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. FREE DELIVERY. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS, MEN'S SUMMER SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. YOUTHS' SUMMER SUITS STYLISH AND WELL CUT. BOYS' SUMMER SUITS LATEST 1901. SPECIAL DESIGNS. ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. ALL PRICES FIXED ON FIRST COST. LE YOU THINK THERE IS NOTHING NEW UNDER THE SUN, JUST PAY A VISIT TO THE M.C.D. 8, AND 10, HORSEHARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. THE NOVELTIES IN CLOTHING THEY ARE SHOWING WILL ASTONISH YOU. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEHARICET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MASER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Ffeddint and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &a. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHO I'OGRAPHS for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRtI.L'S I a gee INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITS LIP: ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE:! TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

1300 TS CASH CHEMISTS, All the advantages of co-operation may be secured without trouble bi customers dealing with BOOTS. the CASH PRICE DISPENSING CHEMISTS, who prepare Physicians Prescriptions and Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-halt the usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of 50 per cent. on the outlay. OVER 200 BRANCHES. BACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT UP A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, ANM CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREBT WARRINGTON, 5, BRIDGE-STREET ALSO AT 6, ORMSKIRK-STRIIRT. ST. HELENS. BRIDGE-STREET, RUNCORN, A 20, ALBERT-ROAD. WIDNES.

OUR TWELVE GUINEA cc. n REMIER " CYCLES WITH FREE WHEELS AND BACK PEDALLING BRAKES. ARE UNRIVALLED VALUE. bOLE AGENT. J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON . CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS.

JONES & THOMSON, CENTURY BUILDINGS, 171--aM=77, LONDON-ROAD, and 1, Norton Street, LIVERPOOL. NOTWITESTANIMG OUR USUALLY LOW PRICES, OUR SPLENDID &COCK OF MOUSE EURNISIIING- GOODS WILL BE REDUCED IN PRICE DURING THIS MONTH (SEPTEMBER), THEREBY GIVING YOU THE CHANCE OF THE YEAR. CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS LAID FREE.

DOUGLAS it-LB OF MAN, LINDSAY' S BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT, Empress Drive, Central Promen- ade,and close to all places of amusement. Trams pass. Full board ss. per day. Allowance dining out. -nOUGLAS, DOVER HOUSE, KONA DRIVE, Central Promenade, close to places of Amusement and Bathing (*rounds,. Traras pas door. Terms. 5. to 61 per day.—R. ARENSBERG, Proprietor.

TSUI OF MAN.—When driving to PEEL AND GLEN HELEN, DINE at the GLEN HELEN HOTEL. Three course dinner is 6d ; teas any hour; string band plays while you dine. Full board 6s 6d a day. DOUGLAS—EMPIRE BOARDING HOUSE,Castle Mona, Central Promenade, close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; trains pass door ; term s 5s 6d to 6s per day.—Airs KELLY, Proprietress.

DOUGLAS. GREEAWOODIBOMIDING HOUSE. First house on promenade, unequalled position, facing sea. Visitors will find this house most comfortable. Very moder- ate terms.—Apply E. WILLIA2d3ON. Proprietress. Telegrams ' Gymnasium.

A BERYSTWITH HOTEL WESTMINSTER. high class ..tl. family and commercial private hotel ; central ; H and 0 bath ; electric light ; cycle stalls ; dark room ; every home comfort; moderate tariff.—E KENRICK.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON tQUARE. HOME CoMPORTS, OLEANLLYESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDR HYDRO,, Physician : Dr O BARNADO. Summer and Winter iiesidence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from Ts fid per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. • J. BOOCOCK. Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOKS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR HE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. BSTLMATRE FREE Ally !STANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTERS; FITTINGS Le.

gpartnunte, jurnmibeii 311ouseg -Scr _ ANNES.—Comfortable APARTMEINTd near sea and 1.-7 station; terms moderate.—L•nnELS. St ARnes-rd, Bast.

RHYL (North Wales).—Miles of sound clean sands ; tnest promenade ; sea-bathing incomparable; music. moderate terms —Lite (penny stamp) ECILETARY, Town Committtee, Ethyl.

TIELAMEHIS HOUSE, 1, Empress-drive,Central Promen- ade, Douglas, Isle of Man, splendid Sea Views ; Board and Residence irom 51 to 5e 6d per day. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS and private SITIING-ROOMS.—M is. KfltxMaN, Proprietress.

A BARGAIN for likely couple, a Good HERBAL DRINK 4.'1 and IaERB STORES. Electric Baths; with good house and shop, all in good condition and working order. Cause of leaving, age.— Apply 218 Lytham-road, South Shore Black- pool

itiarbottrg, ttr. - -- A SPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS, new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 a. Ce ntres bit to 2tift, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 4ft by 2ft square to 12tt by 41t square. Drilling ttadial and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines. Gas and Steam Engines. Boilers, Tanks. Wood- working Machinery. etc.—PARTLNGTON, St Simon-street, lack friars-road, Salford.

PATENT OFFICE. EstablishKt 1864. JOHN G. WILSON AND CO. Fele. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam 55, MARKET sPREET, MANCLIESTER. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK GRATIS.

pATIONT OF FIC la MANCHESTER ENIAELISNED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES t SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experienceln connection with this Estabiish- meat andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton,woolien and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 63, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., A SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON: TELEPHONE NO. 0489• JOHN W ALEER AND CO., EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS WARRLNGTOX.

INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANE:AGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Establiehed 187 n. Telephone 6613.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. • TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE, WARRINGTON, TELSPHONE No. 222.

R. A. GITTOES, (LATE OF THE MERSEY CYCLE WORKS) MANUFACTURER OF THE NEW LION CYCLES, MANCHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR ALLARD CYCLES. NICKEL PLATING AND ENAMELLING IN ALL SHADES INCLUDING ALUMINIUM AND OTHER BRONZES. HIGH-CLASS ACCESSORIES kept In Stock. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY TO ANY MAKE OF CYCLE. MACHINES SUPPLIED ON THE GRADUAL PAYMENT SYOTEM.

-AIR. TOM BOOTHROYD, M.1.11.M., Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND 4LTITAN. Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUBZ-STRBET, WARRINGTON.

AVENUE COTTAGE, WINNINGTON, NORTHWICH. MISSES WADE'S SCHOOL for young Ladies has a vacancy for four Boarders ; every home comfort ; healthy situation ;perms moderate.; or comforcable Home for Widow or single Lady.

MR. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, prepares students for examination in Pianotorte,Orgius, Theory and kl.rmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 55, MARKET-STREET, Eariestown, and at 28, Annituri-smErr, Warrington.

KS vaillres lo h x% uasCRLAs early in MiSfSoil IDTAHNBC LI NIP andll PHYSICAL (JCICIBER, at the CAIIIO-SIRRET SCHOOLS. SATUR- DAY, October 12th; WEDNESDAY EVENING, October 91h.—For further particulars apply to 4, 54LIBBURT-BTHEET, Warrington.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. -- Fee, £4 4s. per term, The TERM BEGAN SEPTEMBER 17th, Entrance Examination, Monday, September 16th. at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, &c., may be had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school I. situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

it/orao, Taranto. zirr. TWO GIOOD LORRIES AND CARL—Apply, W. NORRIS, 1 4, Derby-road, Narnworth, Widnes.

TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 105. OD. AND £l5 15S. OD SOLE .DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHINGS L mITED, 74 BOLD .STREET LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

f Y RES 1 TYRES TYRES ! ! DEITACHABLR NON-SLIPPING OUTER ,CIOVRES FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade lie 6cl each. Old outer covers re-rnbbered with best rubber 71 each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given tor waste rubber. Co..OLLARD & kj LTD., INDIA RUBBER MAN UFACT UIiIIRS. (28, BILURSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

- - - - AldEd P. BATH and SON. STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL, HAVE FOR SALE. 40 EDWARD YOUNG lc Co. (Dis- tillers) ORDINARY SHARES £lO each fully paid paying 6 per cent. also £1,0t)0 of their Debenture Stuek 5 per cent., alto £6OO New Brighton Tower Debenture Stock 4 per cent. guaranteed by the Law Guarantee and frust Society.

£150.000 Ao r n 3 Mortgageae ror cretixfgVari:eil sums to suit borrowers. In any part of the country.—J. W. READIED, 6, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

£5, .£7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. 21.DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- atie Householders, on their own security, without delay, on sour simple writteirpromise to pay back. FAIR AND HOISOURABLB DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.E.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MERtiEY STREET WARRINGTON. THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPAI.E.O ,TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and Others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES C/lARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always oonducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND pIiANIES from those who have dealt with him. ror o,2..ence, see parnalets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT CIYUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS. 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

RYDER LLOYD AND CO.. BUSINESS BROKERS AND VALUERS. 2IA. orx HAYMARKET. LIVERPOOL, (Rat. 1837). BUSINESSES of all kinds BOUGHT. SOLD or IVALUED (any distance) at MODERATE and FIXED CHARGES. BUYERS SUITED FREE. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. Advice free. Stock-in-trade of any description purchased. caLL, WRITE, CR TELEPHONE WO9.

A Wise MAN BUYS WHEN A GOOD CHANCE OFFERS. LEECH BROS. & CO., ()ASH BARGAIN SALE. 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNT. GENERAL ANDJ FURNISHING IRONMONGERY, GRATES. MANTELS, RANGES. GARDEN IMPLEMENTS, TENTS, TENNIS, CROQUET, AC.. Ac. EAMMOOR., 20 and 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891. (Removing to Deansgate ehortly.)

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTIIAR ANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE). SPECIAL TERMS FOR PICNIC PARTIES, 381 CHAPEL-STREET.

THOMAS DOMVILLE PAWNBROKER JEWELLER AND CLOTHIER 31A, PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. Money LENT on WATCHES. CHAINS, DIAMOND RINGS. JEWELLERY, and all KINDS of FURNITURE. Below is given a few of our special lines in forteited pledges X 2 185. 6D. Handsome WDOAENBULp.OVAERbirery TEL. A large centre Mirror, Bevel Edge. Surrounded by 9 other pieces. Only wants seeing. PAYMENTS TAKEN. 17s. 6D. Worth double. b, Just ___ forfeited.3ydAß verydilJortil."l siseclriteePL. CARPET, by 3, in capital condition. bOgUaBE, 1.75. 6D. teiCenTsTstr ssijvilesLLFgeWiteclbl: (lidland Lever) by those famous makers Graves & Sons, Sheffield, Splendid timekeeper and in thorough repair. Another by &eves 355. 12S. 60. iWo zOe nR Tif 2, oe7rsy. sdbupsetri or o ket !db., dolneed D kiNER KNIVES. Balance handles, makers James Fenton A Sons, Sheffield. A chance seldom met with. 10S. GO. aJbUleSSToliFdoßUstlATElD.PAAN.visebrywbSresrevtiLe- new. A bargain. Another one at Ss 60. 21 h s. S. a floe Worth design. Pretty tat bargain°ll46se lid'oSmEnaTet 235. 6D. LiUll'Zr yFahstandaogsos meNewSULP.IttraBRAFSi rSe Brasses to match only Ss lid. JUST FORFEITED. 7 Yards of TAPES- -7S 11D. TRY STAIR CARPET Half a yard Wide. A Bargain. ROTE THE ADDEEiS. ,31. a PRIESTLEY-STREET, BANK QUAY, WARRINGTON. CARRIAGE PAID ON ALL ORDERS. LETTERS ATTENDED PER RETURN OF POST.

ij BEE l Cricket and Football Sets, Cameras, Watches: Alberts, Bracelets, for selling 9 pieces of jewellery. Bend no money.—SPORTS SYNDICATE, Crotscauseway, Edin- burgh.

CHOICE SHLIICTION ot 40 PORRIGN BIRDS for Disposal. Lady giving up Aviary.--On view at GLAN-r-UOJED. Conway, It- mites from Penmaenmawr station. - - VETTING. NETTING. Garden Netting. Cricket Nets. Tennis Nets and dame Nets of every description. THOMAS JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse, 38, Corporetion-street, Manchester.

TUST PUBLISHRD. What every Wife and Mother should t/ know. Plain, is. 6d.; coloured, is. 9d. We guarantee genuine edition, "Plain Home Talk" and lists free.—Boox SUPPLY Coy., 34, Dalston-lane, London.

ASTROLOGY. —FUTURE FORETOLD, Marriage, Chi! then, Changes in Circumstances, Journeys, Legacies' Ruling planet, Sic. Send birth date, 12 stamps and stamped envelope, Mr. LLOYD. 15, Deanpark-street, Edinburgh.

rpo CONTRACTORS, BUILDERS and Others. Special _L Offer of NAVVY and BOX BARROWS. For prices and all further information.—Apply THE WARRINGTON SLATE OD, LTD., Builders and Contractors Merchants, 33, Bold Street Warrington.

TOP HRUMATISM AND PARALYSIS.—Their complete lA, home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry. Illustrated pamphlet free oa receipt of post- card. Address i—PUBLICHERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints, Manchester.

CLUN.—Finely finished 12 More double BEBECH-LOADBB top lever, dentral fire, left choke, improved extension rib, " nicely adjusted rebounding locks," walnut pistol stock, new, good 'killer, ; approval.—A. T. JAMES, 48, Devonshire-street, Bloomsbury, London.

rpo BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.— The extensive dL Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,42) square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J HOMING, 16, Fenwick-street Liverpool.

L.&T FOltiON.—Amongst the many preparations now 11 offered for the destruction of Hats, Mice, Moles, etc.. Sanford's original "Found Dead" speeialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes is. 2d., 2e., and 3s, post free. --2 4.NF ORD AND SON. Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

QUFFBRERS from Nervous Disorders, Impaired Vitality Li and kindred ailments (either sex), acquired or constitu- tional, should communicate with experienced Specialist who guarantees rapid and absolute cure in all cases. Address in confidence.—SYLVESTEll, Specialist, 175 Blackfriars-road. London, S.D.

4.2TlSitiL AND 1.11.11 N 161113.116 ANL BUlLAllfatd--41 1,3 superior structures comprising open sheds from 32 by lbft to 63 by 24ft—hay or grain shed 64 by 24 ; complete buildings from 18 by i 0 to 100 by 30 ; ornamental pavilion, etc.. 30 by 24 ; chapel, mission room, school. etc, 50 by 25. Very moderate prices. All erected tor inspection at ISAAC DIXON AND Co'B dhow Yard, Uranby-row, Sackville-street, Manchester, °Mee, I, Cathedral Gates.

STUDY TRUE ECONOMY AND F URNISH AT pITTeS, LONDON - ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch) ; ALSO AT PITTS'S, PANTHEON, GAY THORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY NOBILITY ETC. GENIUS AN INFINITE CAPACITY FOR TAK- ING PAINS. Such was Carlyle's definition, but there are people who do not agree with the late Seer of Chelsea. Ttey consider genius is that particular attribute whlcis enables its possessor to do with apparent ease what requires an infinite capacity for taking pains on the part of ordinary individuals to accomplish; Now we do not profess to be geniuses, but no one can gainsay our infinite capacity for taking pains. We have a reputation for thoroughness. It is by the constant and persevering exercise of this quality that we have built up oar business from a mere nothing OVER HALF A CENTURY' AGO to its present vast dimensions ; in fact, our fondness for doing things thoroughly is so highly appreciated by our numerous cuetomers that they ate never tired of advising their friends to patronise PITTS'S, of Lon- don-road and Uaythorn. PITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at 151, 224. 224, 38i. 60, 75,j100, 200, up 1,000 guinea., have been Pronounced by practical people the PINNACLE OF PERFEUTION. Their high artistic and intrinSiC merits, their beauty, and VALUE are apparent to casual inspection. Full particulars and ILLUQTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs, priced 50 PER CENT BELOW elsewhere, post free. Cash Prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent extra. kITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE, exceptionally cheap, the late owner having been corn- icei to realise through unfortunate speculations. It is very seldom, indeed, that an opportunity like tbis occurs of turnisliing at about a THIRD OP THE USUAL COST, especially considering the high-class °bander of the goods, which are in every respect like new. Briefly, they are as follows, and will be sold in lots or separately :- HALL FURNITURE consists of Mahogany Hatstand, two Chairs, Side Tables. Linoleum, two Wool Rugs, three Cocoa Mats, Stair and Lobby Carpet ; lot cost £24 tor £ll. DINING R0051,-Grand Suite American Walnut, up- holstered in first-class manner and covered with real leather; cost £47, for £22. Dining Table to match, massive and bold, cost £7 16s, for £3 105. Magnificent Sideboard, really worth £5O. for £2l. Table for window rezess, cost £5. for £2 10s. °vete:metal, cost £6,for £3. Real five-frame Brussels carpet, Cost £9, for £4. Real Skin Rug, for 21s. Bronze Timepiece and Figures, £4 4s. cost double. Brass Fender, Fire Brasses Fire Dog., cost £5, for £4 08. Two Vases, 355. Coal Vase, 183 6d. DRAWING ROOM-Exquisite Suite. Chippendale style artistic covered in rich tapestry ; coat £5O. for £4O. Table to match, cost £4 108„ for £2. Elegant Cabinet, cost EN), for £l7. Music Cabinet. £2. Card Table, £1 ls. Overmantel, cost £7, for £3 31. Velvet Pile Carpet, £5 10s.' cost double. Skin Rugs, 14s, and Bs. Brass Feader and Fireßrassee, coat £5, for £2 2s. Tiled hearth, fitted complete. MORNING ROOM, in real saddlebags, mounted with rich Utretcht Velvet, comprises luxurious Couch, Easy Chairs, and set of Small Chairs, Extenaing fable, Chetfonier, Over- mantel, Carpet, Fender, brasses, complete ; cost £55, for £23. BEST BEDROOM.-Splendid Suite in American Walnut, large wardrobe, bevelled plate glass, exceptional conveni- ences ; large Dressing Table, with bevelled plate. washstand with marble top, pedestal and four chairs, cost £75, for £35. ' Massive all braes Bedstead, with Spring Mattress, Bed, Bolster, and Pillow., cost £l6, for £8 10s. Toilet Service, ' 15s 6d, Carpet, Hearthrug, and Fencer, cost £5, for 35e. THE THREE OTHER BEDROOMS, similarly furnished in Chippendale, Mahogany, Satin Walnut, and Decorated also KITCHEN FISILNITURE complete. PiTTS'S CARPETS & FLOOR COVERINGS,- Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs, many of which exclusively exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge. PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSIN ETTER. Mall Carts, Lamps, China, Glass, Table Billiards, Bagatelle, Earthenware. Magnificent selection. SAMUEL PITT 8, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwicit and Longsight Cats), GAyTHORN (all City-road Cars pass door). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124.

lATANTHD, by a Lady, Situation as LADY HICLP. where TV. assistance is given, and no children ; domesticated. Y. Z., 5 PeoLE-Roah,tiorth Egremont, Cheshire.

V ANTED, Good ltaperienced GSBlllitAL,naust he strong and active ; able to wash ; good reterences required; wages £l6 to commence.-81n8 GottroX, 11, 11411-lane, Choriton-cum-liardy, Blanchester.

WASTaII, experienced GBDISUAL SHRVADIT for Altrincham ; strong and active; able to wash and do plain cooking ; nurse kept.—Apply by letter till September 27th to Mrs Pons, Kimberley Mount, Fairfield-road, Baxton ; stating age, wages and reference.dells

WANTED for REGISTRATION PURPOSES • a RAN aged trim 35 to 40, well acquainted with the town.— Apply by letter. stating wages required, LO ASSIEsTANT OVUISEEIt, Bank House. Wartington.

SANITARY INCPECTORSHIPS salaries £lOO to £250, numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for alanchester and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dates; ladles eligible.—Apply ROBERT fduenENs. Sanitary licience Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper.

910 LET 4 Boomed Furnished COTTAGE, Beautiful View _L of Sea and Land,lo minutes walk from rantasaph, for particulars write to Mrs JONES, Tailor, Carmel, Holywell, North Wales,

rro BE DISPOSED of small LOCKUP StiOP-;- good J.. thoroughfare. Ice cream, sweets, minerals, tobacco or fittings to be Sold reasonable.—Apply .334, STANLEY- ROAD, Bootle.

Ulna IMMEDIATI LISBOSAL, owner going abroad, 1: established Grocery Business in busy part of Liverpool. Doing nice trade; suit young man; price £5O all.— HARRISON, 21, Tempest-hey, Liverpool.

ROC/3ItY and Pa()VISIOSS.—Going Concern, in good Ur ready-money neighbourhood; takings £3l per week rent 9s. 6d. clear; other business to attend.—Apply IIVISLatioN, WARDLE. dolle, and CO., LTD., 36, b'tanley-road Liverpool.

VIVANT/ID, at once HOUSEMAID ; small family ; cook V kept ;no washing ; wages £l6.—miss WILLMER, The Bank, Atherton, near Manchester.

WANTED at once NURSE or useful Mother's Help. No over 2') years a age. Apply to MRS Cowx, 43, Larkhill-lane, West Derby, Liverpool.

WANTED, COOK-410ERAL and Help or Housemaid- Waitress.—WlLLisare. The Lindens, Llandudno. - WANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS Comfortable sit...,ua- tion, wages £lB.—Apply Miss Runs" 19, Irlam• street, Warrington. WANTED COOK-GENERAL for Liverpool; wages £2O; no wasliing,—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, It-lam-street, Warrington.

JJOUG.L.4.9.—Egerton House. 6, Clarence-terrace, Centre Promenade. Facing the sea ; tea, bed and breakfast 35 6d Private sitting room, Mißll CORLETX, Proprietress. 11010LACKPOOL.—Mrs JACKSON, 10, Branswick-street South Beach ; near sea, Central Ststio.l, and amnia menta : APARTMENTS; bed and waiting tor two, 25 daily piano.

BLACKPOOL. Apartments; home comforts, wlth or without board. Close to Central Station, sea, and all places of amusement. Plano.—ltirs 14&m, and DAVEY, 34, Hornbproad.

HESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. BY ELECTION, 1901. APPLBTON RLECTOBAL DIVISION. LADIES AND GENTLEMAN', A vacancy has arisen in the representatiola of this Division of the Cheshire County Council. I have been favoured with a numerously signed request of Electors in all parts of the Constituency to become a 'Candidate kir the seat and have much pleasure In placing my services at your disposal. Should you oo me the honour of electing me as your representative. I assure you that It will always be my earnest endeavour to the best of my ability to promote and further the interests and welfare of the Division. I am, Ladies and Gentlemen, Yours faithfully, ROGER CriARLTON PAUL. Grappenhall Heyes, 6th September, 93.

BARNABA.S, WARRINGTON. - HARVEST THANKSGIVING. THURSDAY. SRPTIGMBRR 19TH, at 8 p,m. PREACHER : RRV. R. N. MATTHEW, (Curate-in-Charge of Roaby). CoLLECTION FOR CHOIR FUND.

SUN INSURAN:CE OFFICE FOUNDBD 1710. Slim INSURED IN 1903 EXCEEDED £450,000,003, ' For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Fickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs Woods & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, If orsemarket-street, Mr. Louts A. Volsey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,], Bank-street.

THE SAFEST MEDICINE - FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIO/2'llON, WIND, SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERvOnt) DEPRESSION, LoSS APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSPEPSIA, REART- ELMS, Loy/NESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDLNESS, &C. AS A (UMW:IAL FAMILY APERMET IdIiDICIISII3 DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ADS U NEQ UALLED, being composed of the Finest Drags that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they are eertain in their curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the atomach and liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCDTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SIMMOUS PLACE, LONDON W. Do aot be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead,but insist upon having the rlghtthing, which iswrapped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stamps.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs In SOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND bILVER OF THE MOST REIIABLE FINISH AND TRURTWORTHY TIMEKEEPARS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVEE WATCHES. Specially Strong Por Schoolboys and Working Men. £2 be, (Guaranteed). A Very Large Selection of CLOCKS. SILVER and ELECTED PLATE. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

25 PER CENT SAVED ON GAS FITTINGS, CLOCKS, BRONZES, &C. And LARGE DISCOUNTS on GRATES, RANGES.. IRONMONGERY, GARDEN SEATS, TENTS, HAMMOCKS, MOWING MACHINES, gc. GREAT CASH SALE. LEECH BROS. & CO., 20 and 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone SM. (Removing to Deansgate shortly.)

THE EXAMINER SERIES THE .Runcorn Examine-, published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rrHE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdonr, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. rr HE Warrington and Hi/-Cheshire Examiner, pub - Hashed every Saturday morning. THE Barlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. SEPTEMBER 20= 1901.

lor WILL TALK HOW SATISFIED THEY ARE AND THE EXTREMRLY GOOD VALUM THBY ALWAYS GET IN BOW'S AND SHOES BOUGHT FROM ALF TAYLOR THE CASH BOOTMAN, 45, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

2/6 IMPERIALR(BOTTLEs ED) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3J-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central and Lime-street Stations). H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC IS THE KING. OF TONICS, —63, SANKEY-STREET, I'V arrington.—(Advt.) H. M ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC IS THE KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET. Warrington.—(Advt).

mushrooming. There was another man with defendant at the time. The neck of the hare was dislocated.-Defendant (excitedly): It never had any neck in it. (Laumhter). The animal was dead before,' killed it. (more laughter).-The Clerk (Mr Johnson) Will you be sworn ?-Defendant : Yes I will. -Mr Johnson : What are you ?-Defendant I don't know what I am. I look after the cows for Mr Walker. -Continuing, witness said that he was on the road from Stockbarn when he saw the leveret lying under tte stump of a tree. He would have left it there t/ci had he known the trouble it would cause, for it was no good. His mate said if would do for the pup, so he picks,a it up. Witness picked up the hare produced, which had a most disagieeable odour, and continuing said "It died of a rotten liver. Do you think a man would go poaching for that ?"-11/1r Johnson: Do not disturb it too much.-Defendant was ultimately dismissed, and left the Court asking God to bless their worships. A IDING AND ABETTING POACHERS -Ann Stubbs, an old woman, Clifton Cottages, was summoned for unlawfully aiding some one wha had been in search of game on the 11th september.-P,C. Rowlands stated that on Wednesday when In Rocksavage-road Clifton, he noticed something uuder defandant's cape. He seirched ter and found a young rabbit. She said her husban 4 had got it that morning.- Charles Stubbs, husband to the defendant said that on the morning in question he was mushrooming in Mr Stoke's field and bound it dead. Defendant's husband and eons had been previously convictel for poaching and she was fined 10s and costs or 14 days. OB:CENE LANGUAGE.-For using obscene language on the 4th September a youth named Thomas Fitains, Duke- street, was fined 10s and cots or seven days.

WATER POLO. League—First Division. LIVERPOOL CITY , V WARRINGTON- These teams met yesterday week at Burroughs-gardens Baths, Liverpool. Warrington were short of W Ashton, otherwise both teams were at their full strength. At the start the visitors defending the shallow end, worked up the bath, and alter some give and take play &scow secured, and easily defeated Turner, the City's goal- keeper. Turning round at half time the City set to work, and scored two goals in grand style. The home team after this success had all the play, but could not add to their score, a good game ending in a victory by two g oals to one. fit C C Snowden, hen secretary Liverpool anti District, acted as referee, and Mr J F Finegan as timekeeper. • A severe shock of earthquake was felt at twenty-five minutes past one o'clock on Wednesday morning at Inverness. The stuck lasted about three seconds. Much alarm was caused, and s.mie chimney-tops fell into the streets, but no serious damage was done. The earthquake was felt also at different places from Aber- deen to Dornock. At the Pencoed Collieries, Carmarthen, on Wednesday after the firing of a shot, there was a tremendous ex- plosion, and seven miners were , injured. 'I bele clothes were completely burned away, and their flesh came off in large pieces. Damage estimated at between £6,000 and £7,000 was caused by fire at Messrs W Lucas and Co.'s hat works at Chesham, Bury, on Wednesday morning.

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES. ON MONTHLY . PAYMENTS ' Enormous Stock. New ..0s Al rby and second-band. From Ali r Ay, ...4,..yre„..,0, 10s. MONTHLY Carriage .......!:.....,\/ . —W...,, paid. Illustrated PRIOR 4,7 )VI LISTS POsT Furl tg ' 1 .. any address. THE BRITISH CYCLE rotHNUFACTURINC Co, (1909 Ltd., 43, Everton Rd. Liverpool. Branch 23 Mancheeter St. Liverpoo. (Established 1887.)

I —AIL WA' HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S \ ttet4,ll Bridge-7 10, GREAT SUMMER SALE. 2O. Sunday, !',4a r and Hillhoust —. ' 'SO 25, Sunlays 9 ; SURPLUS SUMMER STOCK. ,Prillingham (L es N• ' 25. 5 20, 720 11 31 TO BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF cost n;qrnractlyz.h.e.rneepoitedidi b an: All 52. Sundays 11 TOGETHER WITH AN EX ERAORDINARY 8 Blitekturn -5 45, 83 Itnp(l43's 843. a 5 34,6 0 ~ 0 6 -;;'4"Pool-5 20, 8 O : PECIAL PURCIIASE OF -.. 7 17, a 50,9 41 su 7 noiton— 8 's' 9 25' 17.9 20, Sundays 8 43 LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSE 3 i1.e4r11,1 —5 20, 5 -Y! 3358,9 54. 37, 8 17,9 HENRY MILES a COMPANY will Offer at 00'44 162 4 225 764 7 44 rill 2 Reduction in erices a large parcel of Ladies' " Green-7 5. au"' 47 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 3 Chilaren's SHIRTS and BLOUSES bought from 4' London Maker tor Cash at discounts varying trom lii 4_6: 50 per cent fWat Cost prices, One of the Cheapest 101 l U.' Shirts and Blouses offered this season. .l.latesbury-7 57, 9 5. , "Way B 44, a,m. 745 1 65.,„p7:20:—.. 111b2m3!1.1i5Sa3yu2ns3dc:ar SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY, ,Berby (Midland)-5,5 "a' 6 t 5.11 52. Sunda 4 Harlestovm-5 45. 7 --- OVER 2,000 SHIRTS AND LOUSES St.A7. ‘l2 25 115,2 35.3' --.,,,' ,0 30 Sundays.? AT ABOUT ONE-HALF REGULAR PRICES. 4( k "Iddler's Ferry & Pe 20 515, 6 17. 8 0. 9 48. 1, 1 1 , I°to3shern-7 37, 9 5 1 SALE PRICE IS. .J.A.2D. EACH. 1 W r., 1014, Sundays aton (Che‘hire Li Zephyr, Cambric, Print and MUsLIN SHIRTS. ill 5.210 4 , 529 70. Stripes, Checks, Plaids, White and Self-Colours, some Tucked and others Embroidered, all Perfect 130044' i ta9r.-‘,55' 'lll2, ‘6 39* 7 ,;•rusys excepted. Usually 2s ilia and 3s 6d each. 'l4Bgow-5 20.9 71 15 • I Golborne-5 45. 7 5.8 , SALE PRICE 2s. 11.1 D. EACH. .- I.lo(igh ureen-7 12, ,I 66. Sunda s 8 43. 6 0 2' 1, 0.4 U,5 29 6 15,7 15.8 Sateen Mercerised Cloth Zephyr, Cambric ibro `,l aBn4ds. C i a 2.2 39, 918. aSatt SHIM'S,I euar4aamado lisih, e3adi French PRINT witu or without Saila Collars, Tucked, Embroidered or Plain Fronts, 10 ys Stripes, Checks' Floral Designs, also Self-Colourh 1 Latchford—From Arp Black or White, Usually 43 lld to 53 lid each. 1;6, 10 49, 1235. 1 14. 2,.7. Sundays 850. 38 Liverpool (L. 5.: N.-) 925,, .10 55,12 7,12 25,2.3 10'1'. 35, 5, 5 30. 8 4.4 Level Platform. I,Ltverpool (From Lo t 63, 1 55, 3 20.5 15, 6 1 Liverpool (Cheshire 113,, 210 221, s si , 41.1, 3,9. Sundays 4 3' 3. 9 18,10 18, 10 43 „" 9001 at 50 naltatves ',Du L&NW) 1 on k . • • 'i . 1 5 20" 5 20, 6 2 kle ~ liclaya excepted. a c u4ndon (Midland)-5 0416:5. bli sz. Sundays 1 ; bs3ondays accept 10401 M (Pfrom ArpleY 36. 1 14, a 2 23. ft'ln 850. 3 8 8 12. 8 19k,chester (L. 5.; N• 717' 10 4 ~10 55,12 18.11 7 71. 8,920. 103 J. s a e 3ret High Level 4, richester (From n k', 9 59, lc 49, 110 "4/Ida:B8 50. 38.812 inßanchester (Cheshire `, 55 11 'c3,11 55, 12 55, 1,0.7 55, 813, 8 55.9 ',,_, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,85 ,tiddlewich-7 40, 10 o‘oore--7 40,10 20,12 1

IF DOUBTFUL WHERE TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE, HARROPS LTD., 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON CAN SUIT YOU. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. DRAWING-ROOM, DINING-ROOM AND BEDROOM SUITES; BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING, KITCHEN FURNITURE. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS. , (a. FEW SHOP-SOILED ONES AT COST) HOUSE FURNISHERS. In the country and manufacture nearly every artiCle they sell. They supply goods on the easy payalto system cheaper than most houses do for cash. MAKE A NOTE OF THE ADDRESS AND CA HARROPS LTD., 122, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, INSPECT OUR STOOK NO ONE PRESSED TO BUY

REDUCININ IN PUI FOIL - =6, N ANDESOS BUsNERS. Pi OAD E S 0 PLAPiTLES. IN•L'ANDESO • CHIMPIEY:-• nOIF,; I' INCANDESCENT lata''oo,, ALL KINDS OF PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. °`. A DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PA I TERISS• .4311 P GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCILU. AT ADUS 80 ST. JAMES Poo' WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS' BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAD. LIVERMOT,

ES RAILWAY TIME TABLE SEPTEdIBER. FROM WA.RRINGION 51,0iLetsi1 Bridge-7 10, 7 40,' 8 23, 10 20, 12 10, 15, 2 5 44 5 35,7 2U. Sundays 10.15 a.m. &LE. wril‘r and Hillhouse —715835, all 2.1 25, a 3 22.34 0, a 6 15, 15 ih.4B 25. Sundays 931 2 5,8 55. a Stops If required. mi ngham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. 8323' 710. 9,45 11 57 cosr 5 20. 720 1134. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, 45.11 35 , Birnlays excepted. baondays only sraing q ham (Midland)-8 51. 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 37, 522 52. Sundays 11 15 a.m. 4 20.5 15 p.m ockburn -548, 835. 958, 11 53, 2 10.4 50, 6 23,8 50. tlaY4 843, 33 30,6 0.3 via Preston 5 2,15c6P001-5 20, 8 35, 956. 11 43, 1225, 210,3 50, 4 50, 7 17,8 50,9 40. Sundays 843. 3 35 6 0. 71-14,1ton_ 8 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 1. 15, 332. 4 26, 643 c' 9 20, Sundays 943 a.m..5 15, 757 p.m. 4.11418-5 20, 5 45. 9 56 11 50. 1225, 210, 450,9 55. 5un- g355,9 54. I.Rs("te:-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 1131,12 30 1. 40 2 15, 2.23 4 22,5 7 6 4 7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 1 1 35, r, . Green-7 5. 85, 835. 10 10.127. 2 35,3 40, 5 15, 9, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 3 43, 60. 9a—a2 58,13 23. 710. 828. 9 45,10 23, 1.1 57, 1 5.2 5 so;' 40. 11 34, Sundays 253. 10 154 5.1135. aMondays 14"1. bMondaye only. resbury-7 37, 95. 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 744. 10 14 rl:4ay B 44, a.m. 7 45 13. m• 2rbY (Midland)-5,51, 8 45. 953, 1155, 12 55, 7, 417 - 6 Sundays 515 p.m 4ortestown-5 45, 75, 3 5,8 25.8 35, 925, 10 13 1020, 10 ,12 25 115,2 35,3 403 50. 5 15, 520 33:7 Q 7 40,9 25, 55. l' 40 30 Sundays, 7 40 8 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 60,7 57,9 04 u.a, I iddler's Ferry Penketh —7 30. 8 25, 943, IL 53.1 53. .0 515, 6 17. 80. 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40, 8 0. Ltodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023. 1225. 220. 315.422,57.8 4 10 14, Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. 1 itston (Cheahire Line,l-7 15. 757. 831.9 5. 10 5 12 0 Ba' 1"10. 4 C 529 73. 81. 3940. dl.) 25. 11 33 Sun tays 11 22, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. alSaturdays only, s.arnays excepted. 0'5144g0w-5 20.9 71 15 50,12 25, 2 10,4 50 955 Si ays 957 4,olborne-5 45, 7 5.8 35, 1055. 1.2 25, 1 15,3 53, 23 714 Sunda s 8 43. 6 0. 2 j'n°Qt4h Green--7 12, 757. 8711, 95, a 9 30, 10 5. 12 0, 15 11.5.3 5,5 296 15,7 15.8 0.9 25,6 9 40,310 25. Sunday 9 0,9 31 2 39, 918. 3Saturdays only 63aturdays excepted , larn and Co.dishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 32, 7 10, 915 liclays 8 45. 10 14, 315. 5 15. 935. 9 Arpley Station-6 20.7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 4,65, 1.0 49, 12 35. 1 14. 2 23, 3 33. 4 11.5 18.6 13. 18. a 7 4 5 5!• Sundays 850, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. tf. N.-W.)-3 53, 51. 5 25. 75, 35, 6 35 5t,2:5.10 55,12 7,12 25,2.35 340 5 20. 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. hiLlbY 35, 5, 530. 835. 843.323,530 60, 954. From Level Platform. aliondays excepted. lreerPool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 109 320.5 15, 6 17,8 0, 9 Sun .1 tvs 9 5, 2 40, 80 verpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 757. 95. 1026. 120 A ' 2 13, 2 21, 3 37. 40. 6 4, 8 10. 9 11, 9 48. 10 23 42•80 11 Z 9. Sundays 4 30, 5 30, 9 2, 9 55.1122,2 23,2 39. 7 10, 4, 918,10 18, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to . r_verPool at 50 tainures past. the hour. ICtuaon 0„ a N. W.)-2 583, a 3 23, 7 10. 823. 9 45,10 20, 41501• 15,2 0. 5 20, 6 22,11 34. undays 258.10 15.45.11 35, lidays excepted. abdondays only. ktidon (Midland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58. 11 37.12 55, 3 143. 822. bu 52. Sundays 11 55, a.m., 4 205 15 pin. aSaturdays h -Mondays accepted. 10 elm (Aom Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0.3 35. 9 0,9 644'5_32 36. 1 14,a2 23. 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 73. a 7 45. 9 27 Ir. YU 850. 38 8 12. aSaturdays only ' 919-4ehester (L. & N.-W.) 545. 75, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 717' 10 4 ~10 55,12 18.12 25,1. 15.2 23,3 32, 426 5 32, 6 43, 75752 8,9 20, 10 31. Sundays 3 13, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. sedria High Level Platform. '6s6ac3ester (From Arpley Station)— 617 7 22.7 57, 832 54' 9 58. 1.0 49. 1 11. 3 33, 4 11, 613. 78. 927, 11 40, 4da:s 50. 38, 8 12,11 42 . I,3lanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55. 92, 955 '155 11 23.11 55, 12 55, 1 55,2 55. 3 55, 4 55.5 23 5 55. 6 55, 05'1,55, 8 13, 5 5,9 is, 955. Sundays 8 is, 9 37, 10 14 *, 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 9 35. 100. "!'i3 ridlewich-7 40. 10 23. 2 55, 535.7 20. '6Bore--7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 •Os 1 I,ewtan-le-Willows 63 10 5 45,7 5. 8 5, 8 35.19 19. 10 20 541.7., 10 5512 25, 1 15.2 59, 3 32, 3 50, 4 25, 451. 520, 643. 64,59 20. 9 55. 10 30. Sundays 843 a m 3 35.5 5, 50.757 1,`42 Kenyon b6ondayl excepted 52 .754 Kate —7 0, 7 55, 82, 840. 1035,11 23, 1220, 1 40,3 55 1410, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45. 10 14, 7 44. 5 15, 935 455'"t511-5 23. 545. 8 35, 955, 11 5), 1? 25, 210. 3 50 6za 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, aSaturdays only. uuncorn-7 33, 825,948, 1.09, 155, 320, 5 15, 617, 8 0, 51.411 key ([or Penketh)—) 15, 7 56, 95. 10 5, 11.5. 12 0 15 53. 4 0, 5 29.6 15. 7 5, 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40 610 25, Sundays 0111',.1' 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays except,d biaturdays "0 ,days only. (C.L.C.) 51: alteld (111d.and) via Chinley and Dore Line-3 46 10 55 3 14,4 7. 6 55. Sundays 9 37a in 515, Helens— 7 5, 85. 8 35. 11 .0. 1.0 55. it 53. 12 7 14E', 2 353 40. 620. 633, 7 8,7 40, 925. 13 33 Sundays 3 43.6 0,9 54 a „—uthoort (Cheshire Lines)-7 15. R 31. 03 3), 11 2, 125 4,4`41y..5 6, 6 15,7 15,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, aSaturdays ‘1.111elwall—E: 15, 7 22,8 0.8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.2 23, jl!,' 411, 518, 613. 78a? 45,927. Sundays. 8 50, 3 8, 812. Vurdays only. From Arpley Station. ‘7lrlnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 9 5 it, 8, 11 5, 12 0,, 15, A 2 58, 40, 529, 6 15, 7 5,8 10, 9 23, a 9 40, 610 23. bun- -59 0, 9 31, 239, 918, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays . „

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON --- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be post ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 n a.m.—Newton-le-Willows fi-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lynn, Thelwall. Newohurssh a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall. Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a,m.—Manchester. Bolton, Oldham, Mfacclestieti, Stock- Port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9.30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Sodthpart, aad the Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Walsh and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England. Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southoort, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham, Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 2 p.m.—Liveriml, iourhoort. Ormskirk. Bith, Borist Exeter Gloucester. Plymouth. Yorkshire, Manchester S.East Lancashire. and Scotland 3 0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.--Liverpool qouthport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.no.—Frodsharn, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch. Newton-le Willows, Manchester p m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... •.. High-lt„ Newton POSTM A.ST ER r.Jarnes Jordan Ho irs of Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. Sundays 7to 10 is.m. Box closes at 5.41 p.m. The Tele,,raph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 8 ,and on Sundays from?-30 to 10 I.ra. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at la-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30. LIST OF DESPATCHES wing thotime to which a letter can be posted with ordia ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp' Ordinary MAILS. Extra Postage. id. Stamp _ 5-0 a.m.

THE PROPOSED SMALL-PDX HOSPITAL. --- Decision by the Local Government Board. The Town Clerk has received a communication from the Local tiavernment Board authorising the expenditure of .£10,129 upon the provision of a small-pox hospital at Great Sankey. The application of the Corporation was for the expenditure of a sum of £9.979, but several alter- ',ions suggested by the Local Government Beard will increase the estimated expenditure to £10,129, which sum has been sanctioned by the Board. The Corporation have also succeeded in their applica- tion to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow £8,702 for extensiocs of the infectious diseases hospital in Aikin-street. This was the sum applied for. An inquiry will be conducted at the Town Hall on Friday m6rning next, commencing at 10-30 by Mr M K North, AM IC H. an inspector of the Local Government Board into the application of the Corporation for sanction to borrow- £15,000 for purposes of electric lighing.

Shiq Cuards (ALL LEATHER) 111 laid. te, 1;11, 2/8, 2/11.

is a wonderful waterproofer of Dales' BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows pc''lsh. log with blFicking• GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HICHIPST AWARDS. Dubbin Tins sd.. 6d., II- & 216 of Boot S' Makers, addlcrs, Ironmonewors &e. Manufactory Dulmth, London,

HAVE you • A BAD LEG. With Wounds that dischatge or otherwise. poruopa surrounded with inflammation and swollemthat when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go nn suffering GM death releases you. Perhaps your knees are es ollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with toe ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, cc there may be wounds; the disease, if athowerl to continue, will deprive you of the power to calk. You may have attended various hospitals and had medical advice and b ten told your case is hopeless or advised to submit to a inputation; but do not, fort can cure you. / don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, 3is no reason I should. Send at. once a Postal Order for 2s. ad. to It. W. ALBERT, 73; Parringdomatreet. Lonnon, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills which is a certaia remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, kiouseniaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles. Poisoned diaudalsaudt Bunions. ,Registeredeopyright.. •

ITERRYWEATEIER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY 40 COUNTRY HOUSES, atc. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. NERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

I King . . 9/d 2 League . 810 3 Centre Half 7/6' 4 Klynker . 66 s 5 Shuteezi . 5/.

Ili'lll Au color, . . = Pattern, or Size. Flannelette, 2/3, 25/. doz. ; MattinCloth, 2,9, 30, - doz.; Untearable, 3/6, 40/- dozen.

til KNICItERS. . White—V4, 1/11, 2/6, 3,1 per pair • Navy-1/6,2/8,3M " 4/6, 5,41 per pair CIIROME. 1 , • 'The Forward' " The SCOT" 6/9, 9/6. IlLk. CHROME. The Marvel same 1h_N.....` Co, 10)6. .- pattern browns/- 1 Tor OTHER PATTERNS AND QUALME S, SEE CATALOGUE. ,

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. , ! Boys and Girls ear get a NICKEL- PLATED WATCH, alt. CHAIN and • _ CH A RM, for selling It dozen packages of • NI-- BLUI NE at Firepence each. Send your full address including name of County, by return mail, and we will forward the flllthe 151 St 110,1, and a large premium list. Ni nmueY required. BLUINE Co. (Department Fl 241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London, S.E.

The well known vitalizing r-'%cts $ of a cl-p of strong Coffee can be tsecured directly by using Syrnington's !.te Edinburgh Coffee Essence. iveywiarianeewvais

FITS CURED From the tlrst doge ot Ozerine tits coast% It has cured PERNIANENTLY the very worst cases of Epilepsy vhen every other remedy had failed. Price 43 8,1. and 1.1. g., Post Free. Thousands or Testimonials. Send fora Free Sample Bottle, and test a. Write to—(Department 7.) 1,. W. PsTICI-ralr-dt.i. Pharmaceutical Chemist, 93, High Street, Belfast.

etreitifibl:Sz' 3,12/17 - (Ifekik,os,„ CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS !LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AHOITHR333INGIAND DOM CORES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It. Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1 of all Chemists. EETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

THE NEW; FRENCH REMEDY. T H ERA PIOr This successful and highly 2. • popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals 133 Rlcord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others. snroasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood. spots, blot-hes, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges. piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tin., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2. and 3 according to diseases for which intended, Full particulars send stamped addreised envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.O

, • • • • • 0 A thoroughly reliable beverage 0 . used in the household, fie/d, or 8 • camp, is Symington's Edinburgh o• Coffee Essence. In small and large bottles from all Grocers. 5 ; ®O6, copooo • 000 • • I, • •••

NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOSS OF _ POWER AND ENERGY.—A gentleman. havin been a great sufferer, will be pleased to forward a Physician's Prescription, which cured him. This Prescription was the result of twenty years' rese7.rch, and sufferers will find it to remove any Nervous Disorder. of however long standing: It is certain in its action end is convenient to use Send stamp addressed envelope to GEORGE WRIGAT, Esq., Colne House, Lee, London, S.H., and name this paper.

MANLY MEN, Why setae. from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MET:WINE or E LEOTHIC ITY. Specimens of letters received, atal iCar znteed 75nui " I cannot find words to express •,•v O.u. a, am. I used to think I never would ges our.l. I wish I had seen your aivertisement at first, I shoLid have saved many pounds.-4 F M." • I nave carrl id out your Instructions, and am now per fectly Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. 3. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street. L ,ndoa, W.C. I Sendat once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succeed

KEATING'S POWDER • 'KILLS 061— [LEAS Bus MOTHS OFERES TINS, 3d., 6d., and Is. THE NEW BELLOWS, 9d.

.TOWLESP&E"SYTRETLALPILLS FOR FEMALES. 413ICSLY CoMsECT ALD lIMMGMARTTIES, ERNOVE ALL onsTaucTions and relieve the distressing symptoms so premien: with the sex. Dom es,llll &WO (contains Ma re c times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., -Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. 4.„ Bosoctoe of imitations, injurious and trorehL,R.

r••••••••••• 41140•0•41•011 Break fa s t is often spoiled I . the poorness of the Coffee. It t O can be made any strength tly using I • ! SYMINGTOiTS Edinburgh Coffee ! • Essence. • 77 • 4111.1111•8+111•111441144•0 VD* 41104104 00 • 0

Holloway's 4 PILLS CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DrZZINESS. Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, GOLF, RUNNING, and ail SPORTING REQUISITES may be obta:ned of ALEN lar.Al.l%sE.ikik,AMM The Cheapest, Best, and Most Liberal House in the Trado. 1-TO

THE "REFEREE" JS. THE "HOLOOF.N" I (All giaards strapped across.) ktitActi.,i:, .4,-AtiAczyi, f at ,'• H•o„',.. I b ~ G ~.,,44,-3.,„: :4 , - ,•.,:;:-....9:,,,,,,,,„..41,, A ,--;-• A I MINCILI Alsolso •,:'::::*:,Dr rr 1:14 Cr ... Also r 7 77 Also 11 ''-.,;.rr '''' • 4 4 I r VI li Loy lAi i . . ...7741.CH 1,... i IXI. I LI% L L -- X ap.,,-i- - ''‘''':-• -I . ' . --:" Rugby Rugby 7-h_-, .-- : Rugby 7 • - ..v, ri - : 41TCH. Btk:-- „,•.......,.....„ ,AA.• --- -.._ .. ,ttt, .667-itu.._ tr-r_ . . .. . , . NO. 1. Strung linen canvas. cane- Perfect in shape. Welted seams. A strong serviceable ball, stout cow-hide Waterproof. bladder. protected, with eon tinuons hand-sewn cases complete with best rubber straps and buckles ...Ind. No. a size ... .„ a/C i N 0.5 (match size) 63 Every section stretched and 3. Leather, lined7/3 hammered. 4. 'ran cape. lined chamois 23 postage 4,1. in each ease. She and Ankne Guards, from 21- Pric.. 106 poet free. I'.,.4tage iid. For other qualities see list. • 0 HOCKEY STICKS. SPECIAL FOOTBALL BOOTS. COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) e ''• ~ It eutil2tion A*h. Plum The e. "e liiiiiiSle suitable fin 3Q "GAMIUCK" ~' - -"-9zz -z•ii:`,.,;V.,•7...•-•''',,•* 'r; ' • si, hidie; ik Pim Ea av, Pliable. .12 -Site,4l6, ';enr- '\\ 450!:.. *e. Regulation Ash, l•histires a . .^:.:,.4,.. .40,;41 firm grip -- - , ~ grea t power L., .: . t0'0,6„,... bot,t,tTigltelit,t:,l,lsei.all 1 . IS, Brown " L \ Rit4set Cmlf. Strong Hemp. steam At rred, wood i.egs .. 331- Me. a, 8 M /11 iro, 01 11 troll jags and steel rope ... ... 1115/- ~ Yontlts%l4.l Very abut Hemp cord, steam tarred, with Best Ash,nl I , o, Go, \ Best quality wood pegs ... _ ... _ ... ... CC- cane handle, 41i-kt Cs. It order. Ditto. with iron pegs and steel rope ... ... 451- I bound and • '0 12;6 SPeeial cheap line, with ash pegs and strong I polished, roan equal --Nr— ______-, sc„,eit 311-y club in t he titarket,:tll weigig.S. ..... . gas ra weed FOOTBALL SUNDRIES. • Price, 4/13 water's...tot, k -- mew., B,e, Leather Ear (guards, I.lio. C.tpe 26. PoSta e .•(.1 I 1019, VIA 12 per ion-. Cam Do., with cork grip ... .. ... 6 6 g - ' Dth, vane and rubber latmile. Sill Football Goals, from - 1 1. age extra. i ~. „amage.champion,. 7,3 The "11NI VERSA, i.," BouudarY sucks, with nags. 2 . per doz. Carriage •.1 . ea,• tloz. esti.. Mim's. Sill; n 0.,... 4:11 g °awl Ftsgs (any colour), 46 &es 40. po.t ad .1.14. Bent Ash _ _ ... 4 ... 3.9 TLe "FORWARDS." .. xr ra NO,. Drossinns tors, (riiiti 1014. P oslat.l. mid nil. • . ~ Oak ... ... Sd. .- 48 Chronic Oil , Mrung Web Fiuit frill Belts, wILII double straps and .. « (e2tra stout) 71- Pe4tl,3e, belowlo/-, ad. extra. I hock les. loil. ' . Postage on single sick. ild. ' 1 :EY SHIRTS. • FOOTBALL KNICKERS. • :-- ' All colo F urs snill (Wide lova.) i 4111MINISIO ~.. colours. "Mlli 1 -milt.... White • iftillas.. volt . Special ileSigns *44.111111111111.101 \:\ \ ~.; `,,,,,, White Latmeb4i quoted for. Me2l & 2;9swa- t; , Boy s' &I. lees. .! N.,...N1,;.,,:. N ~.:‘,.. StrottsrwrilTte 5,\,,,,, , ~''';\*\ WI IS, r lannelette— Piaui colours. ,N ''''',. '''.\\.,...,\ 1111, 216 ,„1%, ..liOA'S Bine stronL Serge 144, \ A 1110, 2111, 3/11 °. 4.1111.11102. smilt 9% • , iourl, a- 2 in. r ~.i -,,.. • ' 1 ... Halves re, ers'.ll :, .5.,,,5. - \.. \ ipeS. .... ,5.,_......5e':) 2f-e 2,5, ~,,;s, •."•:‘, N, All WOOL extra e. wed." 2 4;4 In. stripes, .` ` x.'-',"".. ' \ iiiialii y, Banithri "4 iv; 2.. :... .... • Waistbands,s)ll 1- 2 2 1! 4 nl3 4 4 - i 1 , ' NS`-^‘,,ks", WbiteF I an n e 1,3/ 3 2,6 9,9 ^ • nro,,i, plui e Mr; or ba.ves , e‘ -‘;,' ;` \ 'le* ' ' • liXtra Strong. r lire la . or I. • ‘' bite, I Po•tage :id. pair. 2 loirs 4d. , e . alogue. Post Free. Orders over 101- Carriage Pia . - --- — Ltd., VIOL/307it. 100-_. --.OOOOOOC.
