===== 0002601_19011206_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL SHOW FOR XMAS

===== 0002601_19011206_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
OF ALL HIGH-CLA.SS

BRUSHES AND FANCY LEATHER GOODS

===== 0002601_19011206_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THB NW WINDOWS AT

B ERESFOR D'S,

771 CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Concert to begin at 7.30.

I

I . 4,

===== 0002601_19011206_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
, • , p 1:2; *ll : t: • : 1,4 c. 5,.. . ,

No. 1182.

ONE PENN

THE MERRIONS (WILL, HARRY AND FRED). THE MERRIEST, OF ALL ENTERTAINERS. Songs, Musieal Shove. Trios, Comic Covjoring. Farces,Living Fictures.—Terms MERRIONS, MatleheSter, S.W.

PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED FOR

CONCBET BILL ND PROS WOMBS.

LXCURSION POSTERS AITD HANDBILLS, • _

may be had in a fewbours.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING,

PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING. IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

PAMPHLETS. PROGRAMMES . POSTERS. STATEMENTS JOHN WALKER ez CO. BEWSEY-STREET, WA RRINGrTON.

'PA • •

PRID7iY, DECEMBER 6, 1901.

121

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR. BEWSEY STREET; WARRINGTON.

FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY rutiCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

By POST{ IS 734 d per Quart ir, 6. 6d per 81111122/ IS gd. per caarter ered

===== 0002601_19011206_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
1r4.3:!1. and chairs. all to =teal • • .lual to new. Cost 160 ..,ant of armee

T - G. DOWLING,

ESTATE, INSURANCE. COMMISSION AGENT. Office 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address ; 21 Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, GS, PICTURES, Szc &c., GO TO W ILLIAM TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD STMT). LIVERPOOI

===== 0002601_19011206_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
- 1

WRY STr rs DARKNESS war., YOU CIN RAVE Lir INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CHIMNEY READY FOB FIXING TO ANY GAS BRACK= FOR Is. 6. SUNLIGHT WHITE MANTLES 4/D, EACH, 4s. 3D. PER DOZEN. NOTE OUR ADDRESS: THE WORLD'S INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING 031,1,, 17, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FORFIRST-CLASS PRIMP

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. TEETH TEETH. TEETH. ' TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

Appointments unnecessary 2 bat naa7 arranged_ _

All consultations free, Bach patient Luton,- Ni beforebacd of work required.

Sold and other 111;4ngs at nu:4watt charges. An M.D. also Lady Attendants. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrcur

Maker to Dentists of 10,000gallotts weekly. Haws. of the late

H. P ARKINSON

(17rorms?

• mosiatr,snuts, (Telephone 168)). , ;.„

MR. MADDISON ATTRNDS ST. HELENS "rt --GEORGE-STREET MOND.A.2, 930 a.m. o 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WA RR INGTON.:::==.,..3A, SANK EY-STREET

WEDNESDIY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN _3l, BRIDGE-STREET, THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTIIWICR— 18, APPLRMARKEr-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

PENDLEBURY AND COSIPANT,

12 & 14, WrINWICK STREET,

SPECIAL CONSIGNMENT OF

SPRING ROCKING CHAIRS,

BRUSSELS CARPET, EMBOSSED VELVET,

SADDLEBAGS, Exc.

BABY CHAIRS IN GREAT VARIETY.

SIIII OUR WIRDOWS THIS WEEK.

SPECIAL BARGAINS -

FOR THE CHRISTMAS TRA,DB, 40411094 PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY,

(NEAR CENTRAL STATION)

WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL. SHOW

PICTURES AND FANCY GOODS,

===== 0002601_19011206_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011206_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
111

===== 0002601_19011206_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011206_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR CHRISTMAS.

PENDLEBURY AND CO.

GEDD.ES DANDELION CORTEZ

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publie. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Oanistat 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES ADD SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL • BRUSH MANUFACTURERS. HAVE REMOVED FROM CHURCH STREET TO MERSEY BRUSH WORKS,

===== 0002601_19011206_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

ptohsasbtOtßoTeßnAsulrTeStifiee?ui;e, ART STUDIOS LEGH HOUSE, WARRINGTON. MR. BIRTLES 1,4%.. Los remind i hi.l, e patronsorie rordered aan.deafrlyenadss being for CHU'S MIA the light at this season of the year being very uncertain Specialities for g ready in tim CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS.EARLY AsPOSSIBLE ..L. , Ivory Miniatures, Platinotypes. Panel Portraits for Drawing-room in suitable Frames. THE NEW PHOTOGRAVURE PORTRAITS, S&c., APPOININIENTS AS AR WILL ("HUGE.

UMBRELLAS 1 UMBRELLAS THE LATEST BOVE TIES SUITABLE FOB PRESSAI.::

LADIES' et GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES IthiuJVERED IN HALT° _

ARRINGTON SLATE CO., lAD SUPPLY BURTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICRERSHAW COAL). nEAD ()RIME AND WEAR,: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Siding, and Branch Office s Matson Street. War:lngtcc

AN HOUR FROM 38. 6D. T. BRUMLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

THE

CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES!! CARTRIDGES ! I S N G M A . REEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALLISTITE CARTRIDGES, LOADED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION, STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTELY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING. BEST RESULTS. TREE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAT.

SEE THE SPLENDID CCP, NOW ON VIEW.. WON WITH BALLISTITO, CARTRIDGES Br A MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT Gux cLurt. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SAM N. GREEN,

I

AMMUNITION DEALER,

MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. MR UPWARDS 01 18 TEARS WITH SKELTON'S, LTD.

. T. CLARIOI, " E.A.pouriEd." OFFICE. 33 MARK tiThEET. EARLESTOWN. IS NOW SHOWING A LARGE NUMBER OF BOOKS Blr VARIOUS AUTHORS. RRMARKABLY CHEAP. SEE WINDOWS. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENEUAL ASSURANCR SOCIEIY

p

_

' .

===== 0002601_19011206_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
I 1 , i

1 •r, kit! ' y i t 1 ' :. 4' , , , . , , , ,:., ~,, ...,, ,-,1 s w, 1,1,,:, ' 'l.' , , i 1 :

===== 0002601_19011206_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=

===== 0002601_19011206_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
U

===== 0002601_19011206_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011206_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEN

===== 0002601_19011206_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ALUWAYS c DOUG AILS PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOIJ THE BEST

===== 0002601_19011206_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARIGR API'S.

A MAN is known by the promises he keeps. 12: toe long run, good eating makes more pessi- mists than bad luck. LocEsew as a punishment for people who listen at keyholes would be a proper thine.. A FLY is not very tall, yet it stains over six feet without shoes or stockings. WE believe, readily enough, that everything de- teriorates with age, except liquor and ourselves. MAN is very inconsistent. He admires a dash of red in a girl's cheeks, and laughs at her when it la in her nose. WHEN a man notes how much the women envy a widow who has just lost a rich husband, it mak 2s him shiver. "To what do you attribute Swellham's failure in life? Didn't he aim high enough? " " Oh, yes ; but he didn't have the ammunition ! " DILVER : " When I took this place it wasn't fit for a dog to live in. I have scent quite a small fortune on it." Samson : "Don't you think it would have been cheaper had you killed the dog ?" IN A MENAGERIE.—" This is the great boa. constrictor, which usually swallows a whole pig for its breakfast. Not quite so close, sir, if you please." "Now, that Harry Tucker is the worst boy in the school, and I want you to stay away from him as much as possible." "Oh, yes, maw, I do. He's at the head of the class always." Mr.. S L : I was reading the other day that there are s, t) ways of cooking potatoes. Mrs. Slicer : Yes? Mr. Slicer : Well, my dear, don't you think that if you tried hard you could learn one tbeni ? :;ODGRAS : The world has a place for every- pody. Micawber Yes; the only trouble is there's generally somebody else in it. FAIR CYCLIST: Where do these roads lead to? Native: One on 'em leads to my 'ome, an' t'other goes straight on. CREDITOR roughly: Look, when are you going to settle that bill? Debtor genially : My friend, you put me in mind of a little child. Creditor: I do, do I? Why? Debtor: Because a little child ean ask questions that the wisest man cannot 11138 sr. "WOULD you call Baron Amos a stingy man?" "No, I loiiouid say he had all his generous im- pulse. under perfect control." " Why," asked the observant boarder, "are the special Government reports of England, France, aid other countries called blue-books, red-books, _ _

yellow-books, and the like?" "I think," replied the cross-eyed boarder, "that the idea is to give colour to the reports." TEIAGRAP/I MESSENGER (t 0 little boy of eight) : Tele!!r3rn for your mother. Sixpence to pay." Little Boy of Eight: "I don't think we want any to•day, thank you; but I'll ask mother. Mother, do von want any telegrams—they are sixpence each." " CAN a lady or gentleman in the audience lend me a five-pound note ?" asked the professor of magic. "On vot ?" eagerly shouted the pawn- broker in the front row. MI3TRESS greatly scandalised: Is it possible that you are making bread without having washed you-. hands! New Kitchen-Maid: Lor, what's tn. difference, mum? It's brown bread. HER FATHER: No, young man, my daughter can never be yours. Her Adorer: My dear sir, I don't want her to be my daughter—l want her to be my wife. THERE was a young person named Tate Who went out to dine at B.S; But I will not relate What this person named Tate And his tLe-a-te'te ate at 8.8. HIS PA EXPLAINS.—Bobby: "Pa, what is an al-round fellow?" Father: "He's a many-sided anan, my son." DR. MOLAR (kindly) : "Now, does that hurt?" 11,repluz : "I don't mind you working on the tooth so much, if you would only keep your sleeve button out of my eye." ENGLISH STRANGER: "Is your society here very select?" Arizona Al : "See them graves over that? They was all filled by fellers who came to our dances without invitashuns." • HE was a bright little boy who held up his hand in class when the teacher asked, "What was an early Christian?" and whose answer was, "My sister's one. She goes to church most morningl ;before breakfast, at half-past seven." JonsNin : "I wish I was Tommy Jones." Mother: " Why? You are stronger than he is, you have a better home, more toys, and more pocket-money." Johnny "Yes, I know; but he can wiggle his ears." "My children," said the poor man sadly, "are crying for bread." " Which shows," replied the rich man coldly, "how much you have to be thankful for. Now, mine are crying for choco- lates." A NCISANCE.—Mr. Hoon : "I don't like to ask Jabberton about his health." Mrs. Hoon " Why not?" Mr. Hoon : "Oh, he promptly tells me about it." HIS STATCS.—Tanksley : "But, m' dear, a drink of whisky makes another man of me t" Mrs. Tanksley : "You must be a whole gang of other men by this time." "MARY, Johnny tells me that when he went into the dining-room last night he saw Mr. Bliff with his arms round your waist." "What a story, mamma! Why, the gas was out." JIMMIE: "Why don't yer git yer hair cut short so yer mother can't pull it?" Willie: "If Ido that she rap me on the head with her thimble, an' that's worse'n pullin' hair." AMENTEIES.—UncIe Samm and John Bull beamed upon each other affectionately. "Let's take some- thing," urged Uncle Sam, as is his custom when his heart is full. "By all means," replied John Bull, cordially. "I suggest territory " MR. SPOONF.R (on being introduced to Adored One's Mother): "Pardon me, madam, but have we not met before? Your face seems strangely fami- liar." Adored One's Mother: "Yes, ; lam the woman wha stood up before you for three miles in a -tramcar the other day while you sat reading the paper." LIVE AND LET Livs.—A blacksmith was lately summoned to the county court as a witness in a dispute between two of his workmen. The judge, after hearing the testimony, asked him why he had nut advised them to settle, as the costs had already amounted to three times the disputed sum. He replied: "I to-t-o-old the f-o-ools to se-e•e-tle, for I said the clerk would take their costs, the lawyers their sh-sh-irts, and if they got into your honour's court you'd sk-sk-in 'ern." ILLUSTRATED.—A Moraliser: "How weak one is and how easily one yields to temptation ?" A Husband: "i should say so. My wife went to an auction last week to buy a stove and she actually bought a refrigerator." EA.SILY READ.—" Da yez blave in phrinology ?" asked Mr. Dolan, " meanin' be that signce iv tellin a man's charackter be the lumps an 'is head ?" Iv course," answered Mr. Rafferty. "There's nothin' gives a better clue to a man's habits than lumps, black eyes, patches iv shtickin' plashter an' the rest iv such signs." HORSEBACK.—" Troth," said Hogan, as he noticed an abnormally large man riding by, " it's an ugly shame fur such a big brute t' be squattin'on top av that little mare. Sure," he went on, "if the bikes av him wants t' go horseback he'd bitter git an ilephant." LEADING UP TO IT.—He had been taking as many ox his meals in town as possible, and coming in only at odd intervals, as a man always does when there is work about the house that he might do in connection with the spring cleaning. "Orlando," she said, "I have been brushing the moths out of your volunteer uniform." "I'm • much obliged, I'm sure." "It reminded me that I hadn't heard you say anything about your rill) practice for some time. You are keeping it up, are you not?" "Of course." "And you must have improved a great deal by this time ? " " Improved? Well, I should say ED. I can hit the bull's-eye oftener at :20) yards than any other mnn in the company." "That's splendid, I wish I could see you do it. But, of course, you wouldn't want me following you everywhere." "Perhaps it wouldn't be best." "I'll tell you what you might do." "What is it ? " "You might come home early to- morrow afternoon and let me see how many times in succession you can hit the head of a carpet tack 'with the hammer. It seems simple, but you know, dear, you used to have a great deal of trouble doing even that, and I should so like to see how you have improved I"

===== 0002601_19011206_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

E PPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

3REAKFAST--SUPPEFI,

LADIES' LETTER. 1

MY DEAR NICLLIE, Already it may be said, that we have become' accustomed to the combination of fur and lace in millinery; fur and flowers mated together we know also; but fur and ostrich plumes are suffi- ciently original and effective to attract attention. A white velvet toque, very flat and wide, had a long white ostrich feather curled right round its brim, the quill part left visible, and apparently held in place by a broad strap of sable, whilst sable showed between the junction of quill and tip of the feather, and the head and paws of the little animal were poised at the side. Fur is used in Inillinery in quite a new manner this season. Instead of the heavy brim of fur, with velvet or *loth crown, of which practically everyone had Irearied, we find, perhaps, a soft crown of sable or breitschwanz, with rolled brim of tulle or lace or embroidery, tufts and rosettes of fur, or the head and paws arranged to fall over the brim at one side. The effect is lighter altogether.

The exceeding mildness of the weather admits the all-prevailing bolero being worn in the most becoming fashion, thrown open to display a pretty blouse and lace jabot, which are all the prettier by contrast with the handsome furs of collar and revers. This is smarter than the closed-up bolero, though not so practical in cold weather. The best dressed women are wearing the lightest and most dainty of blouses just now, regardless of the dam- aging effects of fog and damp; indeed, the skirt and blouse peeping from underneath a short well- cut bolero seem the favourite wear at present. Blouses of thick cream silk, with insertions and appliqu6 of gold lace and gold medallions, look particularly nice with a black skirt and bolero, and many have a sash of some vivid ribbon swathed round the waist and tied in a,' bow and ends at the side.

Evening gowns are to be of the softeat and most supple materials this winter, and stiff silks— except for trimming—muslins, and nets are no longer tolerated, as they will not lend themselves to the clinging style which is the mode. Among the cheaper stuffs, voile is still to the front, and very useful it is for wear at all functions except balls and large parties. A very nice evening dress suitable for Christmas festivities can be made of ivory voile. The skirt, which is slightly trained, has a couple of little frills at the hem, and is striped from the waist down, with bands of yellowish lace insertion. The bodice and sleeves are similarly striped, but the yoke, which is un- lined, is made of lace insertions arranged the oppo- site way, that is to say, running across the figure. The belt is of heliotrope antique satin with a hand- some paste buckle. This simple gown looks well carried out in black voile and lace insertions with a yoke of jetted lace and a deep belt of black glace dotted with jet stars. Another pretty white voile gown has an accordion-kilted skirt, and a full bodice with transparent lace yoke and sleeves, the cerselet belt being of soft white satin. A third dress of the same invaluable material has the skirt trimmed with an applique of ecru lace laid on so as to simulate a robing, a similar applique out- lining the yoke and bordering the short bell. sleeves. The yoke and under-sleeves are of white mousseline, and the belt is of gold galon.

Evening cloaks are various enough in kind and in character. Some are so,short as to barely pass the waist, a sort that is very unsuitable for winter wear. Others are long enough to trail several inches on the ground at the sides and back. The materials are of an infinite variety. The favourite for those who can command every luxury is fur. The sable coat is long and full, with rather wide sleeves. The ermine coat flows out as amply as a tea-gown, and is as costly as it is easily solh.d. Then oome the chiffon coats, all frills and tucks, with a warm lining of quilted satin or brocade. Black satin follows on, also warmly quilted under- neath, and usually richly finished with lace about the neck and shoulders. Fancy materials, usually broch6 or stamped or crushed velvet, come before the cloth coats. It is made of pink cloth and trimmed with icru lace and black velvet. The lace yoke and collar are bordered with frills of the pink cloth, and the sleeves, long and loose, are finished with frills and la-3e. Cashmere and kin- dred textures are also used for making these long cloaks, some of which are lined with brightly- tinted faille or veiling, others with silk or woollen brouche. Many are furnished with fur collars, and a few are lined throughout with fur. An ideal coat is black silk of the gros-grain type, lined with dark mink, and with a collar to match; but this is very costly, and, besides the dark fur, is almost always worn outside this winter. Your loving,

DELAYS ARE DANGEROUS

If you suffer from EACKACHB.LUIABAGIO,GEAVEL, KIDNEY DISEASE. DROPSY. WIND, WATER COM- t delay, try them to-day. PLAINTS. etc.. you will find a positive cure in =ed. Is lid all Chemists. If onl dorto yd'a satisfied,pr av el moneyPil Pills. . Post free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLHOEHEATON, YORKS.

...., N. 11,r7-„cok- „', - • 40) :;_-_, El-:::-."' --"-_,i-- .:-, • 1 i},,, ..„---------.41 -;---,i,--,---:---- , •

'''' CA. • ,' i *, f ‘,,..\\.:E;,,,t0 ~,,,,,, „.,... ~,f oil ~ d,i.,1,1-- . ~, fw,t ~4 v..-. 4 , 4,-.1, , Wrek Or' . - sR -:- .11'r\q`'4'1.4v ' ,e, Sc,l„ • - --- ‘ \ .\.‘ • / 7 • N --, , It ~ ' VO, Ns , ,-, / '' , . 0,,

i 1 , 4-",:-.;11 °i,2141•6,1.% 1 i A. „ ----t,,,fi1l , ~',..,.4.- • ..,te...... _. ,sitii.,, , ..... 1 1 ! • V,' ,1 '',.- (.",...0 ''' • " ,I. 11' '' .; 1 ; ' ' ''' '' ';''''.4 '' 11.1.''.'il'it //' //: I • i', '1 / . 11 ')' ',/ / , f,e--- •- -'7i• il - .• '' I. ;'.4.., it , • /lc ,•. , 1,,, 1/ 1•,..., 41 ' i•-• 1 '' ' ''' ' .r..• • •,,- ' .'/' ,• . / -4,- -,.. ,t- is; .,1 -...., i

===== 0002601_19011206_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAI.

December is a month which has mixed memories for the Royal Family. The first is the Queen's birthday, and it hardly seems possible that her Majesty has entered upon her fifty-eighth Iyear. Forty years ago, cu the 14th December Prince Consort died, and on the same day in 1878, the death of Princess Alice took place, at Darmstadt. It was also in December in 1871 that his Majesty then Prince of Wales, was almost at death's door, during hie serious illness from typhoid fever, and just ten years ago, on December 23rd. it was announced that Prince George, now Prince of Wales, was happily recovering from a similar illness. The fourteenth day of the month,ia generally regarded as an unlucky day for Royalty, and this is especially the case when the 14th December falls, as it does this year, on a Saturday. George I. George 11. George 111. George IV. and William IV., all died on a Saturday, and our Royal Family of to-day have especial cause to regard the anniversary cf Prince Consort's death as a day of sadness and ill omen. The fourteenth day of the month seems also to have been made memorable by the assassins. Orsini, Charlotte Corday, Ravaillac, all made tbeir murderous attacks on the 14th and it was on the same day in April 1865, that Pfesident Lincoln was shot. The matrimonial troubles between the Grand Duke and Grated Duchess of Besse, seem likely to end in a similar dissolution of marriage, as that last year of the separation between Princess Louise of Schleswig- Holstein, and Peirce Aribert of Anbalt. These family differetces amongst her grandchildren were a great source of trouble to our late Queen Victoria, who, on more than ene occasion smoothed things over for the Grand Ducal couple of Besse. , The Grand Duke, who has just turned thirty three, is the only surviving son of the late Princess Alice, and the Duchess was Princess Victoria Melita. the second daugh- ter of the late Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. Theirßoyal Highnesses are consequently much more nearly related to King Edward than to the German Emperor, but it would seem that all idea gf effecting a reconciliation between the Duke and Duchels has been given up, and, as the Grand Duke is an Independent Sovereign in his own domain, it is not a matter in which either the Royal Families of Great Britain or Germany can inter- fere. The orange blossom would not appear to play so im- portant a part in the fashionable bride's toilettee, as it was once wont to do. The reason given for this state of affairs, is, that the heavy perfume of the real flower causes a feeling of faintness to the wearer, and the arti- ficial specimen cannot, of course, be tolerated for a moment. One distinguished bride went to the altar , the otber day wearing a wreath of white clematis, while another appeared in one of white heather, and yet another in a wreath of white heather and myrtle— mixed. Undoubtedly the desire to strike a note of originality is the real cause of this change in ideas, but be this as it may little is lost by it, and possibly some- thing is gained, from an artistic poitt of view. There seems to be no prevailing fashion in evening wraps. 1 hers are the small capes, which are draughty, and very unsuitable for the present season, the little coats which are distinctly more desirable, and best of all the long cosy wraps which envelop one, and trail some inches on the ground. The fabrics of which these garments may be built are legion. Silk of the yro: grain type is a favourite one, at the moment,so is satin, then there are the crushed or stamped velvets, chiffon, cloth and caehmere, not to mention numerous fancy materials. In the way of linings, fur plays an impor- tant part, next on the list comes quilted satin. while very thick fabrics show a simple lining of veiling. or silk brochii. Fur and lace appear about the neck and 1 shoulders of all evening wraps, forming a becoming and delightful finish. The pa lest shades, and white, continue to be the smartest wear for walking and dressy afternoon toilettes, while for evening gowns colours are as delicate and dreamy-looking as the materials themselves. This effect is often brought about by three or four tints being employed, one over another, when the Wearer would appear to be imprisoned in a soft fleecy cloud. Sleeves (?) for full dress toilettes, have, it is amusing to notice, undergone a slight change since vaccination became the order of the day. Fermerly the most slender of straps across the shoulders, were deemed sufficient, now these are supplemented by others droop log upon the arm, and so arranged as to conceal the three familiar, but unbecoming red mark!. The prettiest children's parties are those which the little guests attend all in white or in fancy dress, and such tunctions promise to be fairly numerous this Christmae-tide. One reason for this extra gaiety pos- sibly lies in the fact, that with so many of one men fclk still at the front, the desire for great balls is checked. The little folke however, cannot be allowed to miss their pleasuree,and their parties are often made an excuse for bestowing some pleasure upon grown up belongings. So their particular entertainments are somewhat numerous, much doubtless, to their satis- faction. When fancy dress is the order of the day, all the boys want to be soldiers of course. These are usually of the brightest and most gorgeousidescription, dust-coloured warriors being few and far between. For girls, no dresses are prettier than flowers, fresh childish faces blending so well with the idea. Some time ago, a widespread notion got about that cancer was caused by eating tomatoes, and now the idea hss been revived that it can be cured by an infusion of violet leaves. In spite of the disbelief of the medical journals, in tbia theory, it is a fact that violets have a decided effect upon the voice, and among other cases one is recorded of a celebrated vocalist, who was unable to sing after inhaling the perfume of a bouquet largely composed of violets. It has also been observed in music classes, that people wearing a bunch of violets, were not in good voice, and the great vocalist Faure, in his book on the voice, says, that the three things to be avoided by the singer, are alcohol, tobacco, and violets. It IS therefore quite easy to understand how the old super- stition arose that violets were a cure for cancer, and it is quite possible that the medical journals may be pre- mature in dismissing the idea that they possess curative properties. Speaking of vocalists, and voices, reminds one of songs, an especially important subject at this season of the year. Like new novels, new songs are plentiful, so I plentiful that the task of selection is a difficult one, bet urquestionably there is much rubbish on the market.at the present time, and much that is merely passable. But it is equally true that there is much that is really good, quaint, and out of the beaten track. Under the last category may be mentioned :—" Three Songs by Edna Rosalind Park,(Enoch and Sons). No 1, " A Thought" No. 2, "A Melody," No. 3, "Love." This collection will be much appreciated by all in search of pretty, yet simple ballade. Another delightful song, or rather song- cycle, published by the same firm is " Summer-time," No. 1, " Daybreak," No. 2, " Morning," N 0.3, " Even- ing," Ne. 4, " Night," with 'cello obbligato, a charming collection, whicb should be secured by all vocaliste. That we all require something to do, to keep us out of mischief, is perhaps nowhere better illustrated than in the growing practice of smoking amongst the wealthy and leisured class of women: No one ever sees or thinks of a woman of the busy middle class smoking, The very idea seems to suggest an absurdity, but, any afternoon one may see women smoking at the so-called high class and billiard m who have nothing lAatdsieesv'ecrlaulbost these just as shment aessutanbctoincernedsl,y as if they were men. smoking men's rooms caitirebjsu. and a s ammuocnhe thesten w women thing, as at the better to do the cult of the tobacco habit, seems to come as easy and natural as if they were born to it. MADGE.

thoef vneeirilkne* o - -r' I

. .

tack. utrtly cut good wear- cloth of

===== 0002601_19011206_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 0, I'ol

, Larger or Special Sizes up to 40 inch bust measure, cost 2/- extra.

fours of John Noble Cheviot 'e mild Costume Coating are: ITavy. Brown, Myrtle, Fawn, , arid Royal Blue. . Full Dress Length of either .ith dyde., 52 Inc. -ride) for 7/6 Calriage, sd

===== 0002601_19011206_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

A QUEEN'S SOLDIER.

BY WALTER WOOD, Arathor of "Barrack and Battlefield," "Famous British Warships," "Through Battle to Pro- motion," "A Captain in the Postilion," "A Soldier of the Legion," &c.

CHAPTER XVII. SHELVED.

Mark by this time had seen enough of war to know that a hurried retreat was being made, that the British must be very near, and that nothing in the nature of a stand was to be offered to their advance. He lay flat upon the ground, no longer thinking of his weariness, his hunger or his thirst; seeing only the figures in the station lights, and hearing nothing but the clamour of voices and the confused noises of the entraining. At last, and Mark knew that it must be very near the dawn, the train moved away and rumbled past him, then stopped. 'He was wondering why this should be when he heard a succession of explosions, and looking towards the flashes he saw that they came from the track itself. Their meaning was clear, the Boers were destroying the permanent way; and he judged that they con- sidered their case desperate. Mark heard cries of triumph—the shouts of the enemy at the success of their explosions—and then the train re-started. This time there was no more stopping, and when the day broke Mark saw that he was alone, and that Boota's farm was almost within hail, rising grey and lonely from the veld. There was something 'unspeakably sad in the appearance of the homestead, and the trooper found himself almost unconsciously picturinr, some such scene of desolation as this in which the main object was the Hill Top Farm and the chief sufferers were his parents. He assurned, from the look of the buildings and the land about them, that no one had been left at the farm, and that Mrs. Toota, having stuck to her home and her post to the very last, had withdrawn with her people. "If that's so," muttered Mark, "it's queer that they've left the place standing instead of firing it or blowing it up. But I suppose they were much too busy and in too big 's hurry to bother with a trifle like that. Anyway, I most go and try my luck." He set his 'face towards the buildinp, ,and presented himself at the door out of which he had been carried to the station as a prisoner of %var. It was so long before ,an answer was made that he began to think that he was right in assuming that the farm was entirely deserted ; but -just as he was wondering how best he could enter the building the door was opened slowly and Mrs. Boota• con- fronted him.

She made no remark and shewed no surprise. Outwardly, there was nothing to shew that she was one of the -victims of war. So far as he could judge she was just the same placid woman that he had noticed when he had been taken to the farm a wounded man.

For some seconds Mark remained speechless. Then he said: "Don't you know me, missis ?" "No," was the answer. "What do you want? Who are you? I thought eve*, man had gone off by the train." "I'm Mark Berm. I was here weeks since, with a damaged leg," said the trooper. "It's damaged still—and worse. But it has good reason to be." "You'ie a sorry-looking man," said Mrs. Boots. "I couldn't tell who it was. You're changed." She looked at his bearded, haggard face, and his miserable ragged clothes. She looked, too, at his bare, bruised feet, and her eyes grew dim. She had seen Much of war's horrors by this time, but no such pleading and pathetic sight as Mark made at that open door in the perfect stillness of the early morn. "Changed I" said Mark. "I've been lost on the veld for a week, missis, and had thrown myself down, praying to God to get it over soon, when I found that I was near the railway. I got on to a train and slipped out when it stopped at the station there. I ran away from prison, but I didn't know what there was at the end of it." "But why did you escape? They would have looked after you there," said Mrs. Boota, leading the way into the r6om which Mark had seen before. He recognised the furniture, but saw that it had been roughly handled anti.disavvonged. The walls, too, were battered and broken in places, as if shots had been fired upon them wantonly. In one place there was a large jagged hole, through which the sky could be seen, a hole that could have been made only by a field-gun or larger weapon. "It was for the sake of a woman," said Mark. "She's here, in this country, and I want to see her. That's the real reason why I broke adrift." "Ah l" said Mrs. Boota. "Take that chair and I'll give you some coffee and bread and meat. I'd give you more, but they've taken everything they could lay their hands on. You see what they've done to the house, too." "Have they got here?" asked Mark, eagerly. "I don't mean your people, I mean mine," said the woman, bitterly. "They took my' husband ,and son first; now there isn't a living creature on the farm but me. They wanted me to go with them, saying that the English were not ten...miles off, but I told them I'd stay. The English couldn't be'worse to me than some of my own people have been. Some of them suspect us, and one or two who hate us came .in one day and knocked the things about, as you see. They seemed to think it fun to fire at the walls from the doorway and the open window. One of the bullet's, though, came back, and hurt the man who'd fired it.."

WI 118.

1 pt.trti

it didn't kill him, missis," growled Mark. "But what about the big hole up there ?" "That was done by some of your people, who came up suddenly one day with their guns and were off again almost before we knew they'd been. But never mind about the farm. All this is old. Did you see anybody in Pretoria?" "I saw your son, Mrs. Boota, and gave him your message," said Mark, hastily, and with the sole desire to offer consolation. This woman was of the same nature as himself, no wearer of the heart upon the sleeve, no glib confider of her woes and wrongs. She suffered in silence and sought, no sympathy, and a slack observer might have thought she took her troubles easily. Butll/ii.rk understood what she was passing through when he saw that since he was last at the farm Mrs. Boota's black hair had become tinged with grey, and her smooth brow was crossed with lines. "He's well and strong, and so is his father. There's a knife your son gave me. It saved my life ;in fact, if ever I get back to England I shall never forget that I'm Living just because I came across you and your son." .Mark held out the knife as he spoke so that she might see it. "Not all that," said the farmer's wife, who had quickly become animated, "not all that; but, thank God, there's some bright spot in all this fearful business. When you've eaten and drunk you shall tell me all about my son and his father. But not now. I can wait for news better thaa you can wait for food." Mark, without more words, took his simple break- fast. It seemed as if he could never have enough, but he was satisfied at last. He was still hungry, but he knew how his companion yearned for news of her absent ones. Ile told all he knew Of the son and all he had heard of the father. When he had finished the woman rose and said:

-^7I think if God meant this war to come upon us and make the misery it has done, He intant to soften things down a bit, and so ptit you in the way of coming here and coming back. • I'm thanki ful for it. To talk with one who's seen my son and his father is the next best thing to seeing them myself. Though I believe that will be soon. Don't you see how we're getting driven in? That commando you saw was driven back by English soldiers last week and settled here. Now it's been driven back further, and we shall see your own people here before the day is out. There was a queer-looking train ran up nearly to the station yesterday. It • was a train and yet not a train. You could see nothing but straight sides with rifles popping out." "Alll An armoured train," said Mark. "What happened ? " "It came on as far as the curve over there and then the guns here tried to smash it. There was a surprise on both sides. Your people didn't expect to find a commando here, and ours didp't expect to see the train come round the corner." d' And what about the train ? " asked Benn, deeply interested. "It got away. The men blazed hard with their rifles, and one of the cgins hero was hurried up to try and destroy it, but the train was too quick. The engine backed it out of danger, and it wasn't so much as struck." "And how far off do you say our people are ? " asked Mark, delighted with the news. "When the train had gonea few of the men from here rode off to find out. They Caine back and said tt t_ktra was a big British force not ten mil

sway, and that it held the railway, Then the trait was sent for, and they all got into it in the night. Most likely you'll see your own folk before the day's out.' "I shall thank God if I do," said Mark, fervently. "I should reckon my week on the veld as nothing then." „-_

"If they come they'll find nothing here but wreckage," said the woman. "We've been thirty pars in getting this farm together. When the war's over we shall have to start afresh at the beginning. It'll be a terrible task. I feel as if I should neves have the heart to do it." "Butisome of the farmers as well as the farms have gone," said Mark, offering what he knew to be lame comfort; but it was the best he could do. "I heard in Pretoria of a man and three sons being killed in one fight, and his farm smashed up and burnt on top of that. You'll find that our people won't ton& a stick, and as for your son and his father I do believe they'll.soon come back again. The war will soon finish:"

"I don't care how, so long as they come back," said Mrs. Boota. "But lay down on the couch and sleep. Don't say you won't, because you can't keep your eyes open. Besides, your leg wants resting. Let me do it up for you again." Mark, 'with abrupt expressions of gratitude, took the couch, and the farmer's wife washed and bandaged his leg. The privations of the week had made the wound,much worse, and now that there was no need for more enforced exertion and end to his 'perils, Benn speedily became helpless. The pain of the leg was intense, every bone and muscle in his body seemed to ache, and physically the trooper was utterly exhausted. He tried to sleep, but his efforts failed; and he was content to watch the silent woman of sorr6vv into whose quiet life war had brought such devastation. Everything was very still, very peaceful, where so lately all had been noise and excitement, and, despite his suffering's, Mark fell into an untroubled sleep.

CHAPTER XVIII. A FRIENDLY OFFICER.

For several hours he was oblivious to all that passed. When at last he did wake up, he saw three khaki-clad men, with rifles and fixed bayonets, standing by the couch. One was prodding him rather roughly with the butt, and the other two were shaking him and ordering him to get up and plant himself in the Middle of the floor. All the while they talked energetically, and looked as if they were enjoying themselves. "An' this is really one of 'em, is it ?" said the man who was prodding. "Well, he's the first I've seen so near; but, by George! if they're all as dirty, I'll believe what I've heard said of the Boers—that some of 'em don't know soap when they see it. Come, Mr. Piggy, wake up an' fall in. This dodge isn't good enough: You can't deceive us, you know—you're a prisoner, and you've got to come with us to the Gen'ral." "Gen'ral ? " repeated Mark, rising to a sitting posture. "Is there one here? What's his name, and what sort of people has he got with him? Are they all infantry, or is it a mixed lot ? " "Hang it!" exclaimed the soldier, thumping his rifle on the floor of the room, "this beats me; this chap talks English as well as I do." "I ought to," answered Mark, "seeing that I'm as much an Englishman as you are." "English!" said the soldier. "Then, by George! the Gen'ral 'll sling you up to the first tree. You know, there are two or three o' your sort doin' lot o' mischief. Come on; I wouldn't be in your shoes for a quart o' beer—an' that's sayin' a lot, with a thirst like mine."

"And not only English," added Mark, "but a soldier, too." "Which ridgiment ? " asked the private, hope- lessly bewildered. "Ninetieth Company, Imperial Yeomanry." "Oh A noodle," remarked the soldier, tolerantly, "Well, you don't look it. If you're one o' them, how is it you're 'ere so soon before the rest? They're only just landin' ; an' the raissis at this place—she speaks English too—says you've been 'ere' for hours. I don't like the look of it, eh, boys?" The comrades admitted that they didn't like the look of it, either. They were rather disappointed to have a prisoner torn from them in this way. "The comp'ny's here, do you say?" demanded Bann. "How's the Major? Old Tally-ho we call him. And do you know the horse he's riding?" "Weil, I don't know your officer," rejoined the private, beginning to have faith in Mark. "But if 'e's a tough old chap who yells 'untin' calls when 'S's goin' for 'em, an' rides the best horse in these parts, I suppose it's the same man. 'E does sort o' answer to your nickname." "Black, glossy horse, with a white star between the eyes," continued Benn. "Plenty_ of action about him, and as fit as a fiddle." "Well, now," replied the soldier, "you're sort o' court-martialling me, an' I don't like it. It reminds me too much of the past. But as for the horse, it seems to be the spme. They say the old chap stole it, or something, or wanted to steal it, an' so sent the real owner out to get shot. That's as I've 'eard the story, though maybe it's a bit twisted. But, 'owever that may be, there seems to be no question that, it's a good gee-gee." . . . _

"That llorse is mine," vowe'd Ben, eergetically. "I'm the man that brought Min up. I'll stagger that old Major a bit; don't you say anything." "But you'll have to come," said the soldier. "You know, we can.'t give you authority to be at. Jumpson to yer pins, an' we'll parade out before the Colonel ; then the General'll tackle you. I fancy there'll be a bit of sport to be got out o' you, judgin', from your looks. "How can I jump, with a leg like this?" said Mark, pointing to his wounded limb. "I couldn't stand now if you were to shoot me if I didn't. As for sport, I don't think I've had as much fun as you seem to fancy." "Look here," said the soldier, who had taken upon himself the conduct of the examination. "In a few words, let's have your hist'ry." Very briefly, Mark related his adventures, from the time of his capture till the beginning of that very day. The privates listened as closely as if they had been hearing a romance or enjoying an enthralling play. "Well, it sounds all right, eh, boys ?" said the soldier. "There's one thing certain, if he can't stand, he can't bolt, supposin' he shouldn't 'appen after all to speak the truth. Look here, Simpson, you go an' fetch the Captain. I'll wait here, an' see 'e doesn't slope." "You go an' fetch the Captain yourself," said Simpson. "I'm not goin' to take orders from you." The private used stroll,"' language, but as Simpson remained obdurate, and the other soldiers sided with him, the leader had to go and fetch the Captain himself. Before he went, he expressed the hope that the next engagement would remove a few soldiers whose names he did not deem it necessary to specifi, but who, he was well assured, could very easily be spared by the regiment. But the Captain was nowhere near. He was hurrying about seeing to his company, and wondering where half his men had got to. Failing him, and seeing the man whom he suppposed to be the officer commanding the Ninetieth' Company of the Imperial Yeomanry, he approached and 'said that lt man whit. called himself Benn was lying wounded in the farm kitchen.

The Major, astonished and delighted, hurried to Mark, and recognised him instantly. "I'm glad to see, you back, my lad," he exclaimed. "You shall tell me all about it in a few minutes. I've such a lot to do, I hardly knOw how to get through it. But I don't know; perhaps the best way will be to give you two or three minutes now, just sd that I can hear what you've got to say. Now, Benn, fire ahead. I'll light my pipe and smoke while you talk." "I say, sir," said Mark. "How's Prince? I shall be ready for him in a few days." He sprang the question upon his superior officer without the slightest warning. The Major was dumbfounded. Prince was the pride of his heart; to ride him had been to enable the Major to scoff at less favoured persons, and to have him torn away now was more than he could endure to think of. To be deprived of his treasure in this outrageous fashion would be to expose himself to merciless twittings from his friends. , "Prince is fit, my lad," he said, pulling his beard. "But you're in no condition for riding. I can see that with half an eye, and without asking questions." "I soon shall be, sir," protested Mark. "Not with a leg like that," said the 3fairie, casting a critical eye upon the swollen limb. "You'll have to go down to the base hospital. Look here, don't you know Sister Lizzie, as they call her ? "

"What aboufher ?" asked Mark, hoarsely. "If you know anything, sir, do tell me. I'm just sick to have some news. From the time I left her at Capetown to the time of coining here I've not had so much as a line from her—although, of course, I know that a man can't expect to get letters here as he gets 'ern at home." "Well, she's at the base—and a ripper she is, too. Would you rather have Prince or see the rather see Lis. sir." said Beam r 2,12.;

-.4

" Very good," said the crafty Major. "111 lee' tliat you get through to the right quarter. Now, take my word for it, you'll be no further use airing this war. That needn't bother you—you've done your share. As for Prince, I'll see that he's looked after as well as he has been up to the present. When the trouble's ended he shall ba given back to you. Will that do?" "It'll suit me, sir," said Mark. "Right; then I'll see that you join Sister Lizzie —is it your sister, or the missis—to—be ?—befora you're a day older." The Major looked slyly at Mark as he spoke, about Lizzie, but kindly, too, for he understood the position, and was interested in his hardy trooper. He was immensely proud of Mark's achievement in escaping and of his endurance on the veld, for he demanded, and got, a résumé of his adventures. He was gratified, too, that one. of his men should be the means of bringing to his own people a good deal of information relating to the enemy; for a few questions shewed that Mark had not forgotten to make the best use of his opportunities at Pretoria and at the wayside place whence the Boers had retreated so hurriedly in the early morning. It was not a great deal that the trooper had been able to tell, but -what mostly delighted the Major was that he should have put into practice several simple principles which he lad never tired of impressing upon his men since they came out on active service. Apart from his wish to remove from his imme— diate neighbourhood such a dangerous competitor for Prince as Mark, the Major was prompted by a- desire to do the best he could for one of his people who had shed such lustre upon the Yeomanry, and he had been keenly delighted to find that Benn was \ so deeply interested in Lizzie as he had just proved himself to be. _ _ .

_ The acquaintance of the young lady herself the Major had made while on a brief visit to the Yeomanry hospital to see how some of his troopers' fared. Lizzie's energy and ability had claimed his' attention, and ,eyond that he had been interested by the statement which Donald had volunteered that she was engaged to be married to one of hie own troopers. He4had little trouble in satisfying himself as to the trooper's identity. Now that he had so unexpectedly come across Mark ar,ain, and had made his peace with him concerning Prince— a very vital matter, in the Major's estimation—he was moved to tell him all that he could remember of the sayings and doings of Lizzie. He waxed romantic concerning her. According to him, never was there such a wonder in the field of nurses as she was. "Certainly," said the Major, "a there are lots of men of good standing who'd be very glad if they could get the chance to marry her and settle down here. I suppose you haven't any wish to do that yourself, Benn ? " ri "No, thank you, sir," answered Mark, with respectful firmness. "I'm too fond of the old country. Besides, I've got too many interests there.

"Ah !" said the Major. He was a very poor man himself, and it struck him as being somewhat odd that a mere trooper should be talking quietly of his interests—obviously financial—in England. The Major was an old cavalry officer, accustomed to the old way of doing,things, and not yet quite comprehending that there were amongst the rank and file of the Yeomen those who were far better circumstanced than himself.

"Of course, in that case, "he said, "I can understand that you won't want to stay here longer than you can help. If I were in your shoes, I should be wanting to get back, too. Your father's a farmer, isn't he ?" "Yes, sir," said Mark. i ~ "Does he rent the land, or own it?' continued the Major, who was by nature inquisitive, especially ~ on any point regarding the incomes of people connected in any way with the land. He saw no. impropriety in thus directly questioning Mark. "Owns it, lock, stock, and barrel, sir,' replied the trooper, delighted to talk on such a deeply attractive subject. "Yon see, it's been in the family for several generations and it's grown a lot - in value even in my time., I've heard father say that it must be worth five thousand pounds more than it was when he was a lad. It's because it's so much nearer to the big towns, and some of it would make such good building land. But the old man won't sell for building, any more than I shall, unless I'm forced. Then you know, there's Lizzie's father's place. That must be worth as much as ours, nearly. When we get married it'll be a case of joining up the two properties, in a way." "Why," exclaimed the Major, "you're positively s, bloated land-owner 1" "No, I', 01- 1

Mark: two lots must bd

lut what do-you sup, worth?" queried the Major. "Well, that I can't tell you, off-hand, sir, buff if you say that ours is worth thirty thousand an Jackson's twenty, you make fifty. I.should think that's well within the limit."

"Fifty thousand pounds!" exclaimed the Major. "Why, that's quite a nice tidy fortune, even for a gentleman like me. And yet I've hardly as many thousand shillings."

"Perhaps you; people had a way of getting through yours, sir," suggested Mark. "Of course," returned the Major, "what else should they do? The property was there, anct money was made to Spend, wasn't it?" "Yes," agreed Mark ; "but, all the same, there's been'a way in our family of both spending and: keeping it., ' "Then all I can say about your family is that they've been very wonderftil people," said ths Major, who did-not understand how such human, freaks came into existence.

"No, there's nothing queer about it," continued' Mark. "The thing's been simple enough. The sons, have gone on these lines—that what's been good' enough for the fathers has been good enough for them. _Besides, they've done what I've heard men speak about since I came here—sat tight." "And you'll do the same, I suppose?" said the Major. "I shall do the same, sir," answered Mark, with placid conviction. "It's in the breed." "And what you've seen away from home hasn't' made you dissatisfied ?" "Not a bit, sir; in fact, it's made me morev satisfied than ever I might have been if I'd gone' on in the old way. I got restless at times, and. wanted to go about and see things. I've done it, and I shall be glad to go bAk and be satisfied." The Major rose to take his leave. "Well, my Lad," he said, "I wish you luck enough to get back safely with your sweetheart. You'll see what she' can do for you when you get to the hospital. Good-bye." He shook hands before he left.

Mark was somewhat surprised, because, excellent though he was in many ways, the officer was some— what unpacious in his dealings with his men. But the fact was he had been greatly impressed during tho last few minutes. He was only human, and he looked more favourably upon a man whour he now knew to be well-to-do, if not actually rich, lian he had regarded him when he took him to be, mere trooper, a respectable Yeoman, like the, rest.

,r

===== 0002601_19011206_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR J. T. BRUNNER, ON IHE ISFUTURE OF .ENGLISH GRAMMAR

SCHOOLS.

Sir J. T. Brunner, M.P., was the principal guest at the annual dinner of the Old Wittoniance. Society—a society of Old Northwich Grammar School boys—on Monday evening. In the course of an interesting speech he pointed out that the result of the Charity Commis- sioners' action in turning nearly all village grammar schools into boarding schools had been to excluc,e the boys of the villages and to put them into a vastly interior social position, so that the school, far from being a source of light and leading, became a source of social degradation. The influence of the csainty council was coming as a cure for this mis- chievous tendency, and more and more the brightest boys all over the country were being brought under the hospitable roofs of the grammar schools, and once again, through the action of the Technical Instruction Act and the scholarships given by the county councils, the schools were becoming, as they were intended to be by their pious founders, a source of mental improve- ment to the villages: He was satisfied that the Scotch habit of all classes going to school together was the cause of Scotchmen standing by each other so heartily, and for that reason he believed it was that they took so large a tMare in the government of the worid. They were looking forward a few months hence to legislation 6 which Miyht touch the grammar schools of England and Wales, and already he was glad to see that the Cheshire , Council had decided that an inquiry should be made into the circumstances of every grammar .school in Cheshire. Many of them were practically lost, but he hoped that the great interest which was being shown would have the effect of establishing a closer connection between such institutions and the local authsrities.— (Applause).

===== 0002601_19011206_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER MATTERS.

A Commotion by Belle Vue Gardens.

A commotion caused recently in close proximity to Belle Vue Gardens is likely to attain more than local notoriety. Not far from the Longsight entrance is a new street named Stainer-street. Some of the housis are still in course of erection. Among those already occupied, which face the open fields, but are still unnumbered, is what hereafter will be known as " No. 10." It is the home of Mr and Mrs Dempsey, who have only been married three years,and have one child. In the course of that comparatively brief period Mrs Dempsey has experienced a phase of life which is as interesting as it is remarkable. It is the accounts of this experience which have spread in the neighbourhood which have caused the commotion referred to. The most authentic account of the matter is that given by Mrs Dempsey to a Manchester reporter :

===== 0002601_19011206_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
[Rs DEMPSEY.

[From a Photograph by Charles Duval Oldham-street, _Manchester.) "1 have been married three years," she said, 'I and about two years ago I became very ill. I did not know what was the matter with me, but I got very weak and thin. I lost my appetite altogether, and Could scarcely walk. I tried various remedies recom- mended to me by friends, and then I went to a doctor. Be examined me, and told me I was suffering from aummia. This was quite evident,as I had become very , pals and bloodless, and the slightest exertion exhausted me. My appetite was very poor, and I did not seem to I obtain any nourishment from the little I did eat." " Did the doctor prescribe for you ? " " Yes, I was under his treatment for seven months. I took one bottle of medicine every week during those seven months, besides two boxes of pills. I did not seem to be getting any better ; in fact, I thought that I was worse, so I went to another doctor, and I had one bottle of medicine from him, but I failed to notice any benefit. lam twenty-four years of age, so you can judge that I was in an unenviable plight for a woman of my age. I bad been suffering about four months b€- fore I went to a doctor at all, but by this time I was to bad that I often had to remain in bed during the entire day. It was after I cothrulted the second doctor, one day when I was feeling a little better, that I I happened to be in Attrincham, and met a young lady named Jessie Shaw. She naturally asked me about my illness and I told her what I hare already told you. She then said * If I were you I would try Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, for they cured me ' I deter- mined to give Dr. Williams' pink pills a trial, and they have cured mess well." "I see you are quite well, but I want you to tell me exactly the effect Dr. Williams' pink pills had upon you, and how many boxes you took altogether." " I went to Mr. Brooks', chemist, flyde-road, and bought the first box ; in fact, I have bought all of them there, and I have only taken four boxes altogether. I felt somewhat better after I had taken tbe first box. I continued taking the pills, closely following the instructions, and the improvement was becoming more marked all the time. I began to feel stronger ; the languidness seemed to be desetting me, and I felt stronger and more cheerful. My friends noticed that I was acquiring a better colour. I slept better, my appe- tite gradually returned, and by the time I had finished the fourth box I was as well and hearty as you see me now." _ _

" It is astonishing what Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people have done in many cases that I have seen, Do you know of anyone elee that bas received benefit from them ? " " Yes, Miss Shaw, of whom I have eroken,and I have heard of other eases." " May I make this story of yours publie,and publish your photograph ?" ":3ertainly. You can have it with pleasure. I will sit for it n(xt week." Mrs Dempsey's younger sister was present during the interview, and effusively confirmed, at every stage, tbo story told.

The Police Court and Prison Gate Mission. The following is a summary of the principal work of the Police Court and Prison Gate Mission of the Liverpool Diocesan Church of England Temperance Society for the past month. Twenty six police and petty sessional Courts have been attended, and during 261 visits 1150 persons were conversed with of whom 716 were subseluebtly visited in their abodes, 84 women, girls and boys were taken to homes provided with employment or restored to friends. Employment was offered at the Society's. firewood and mat factory to 32 men and 11 others were provided with other work In 45 other instances the loss of employment was averted by the efforts of the missionaries. Clothing was furnished in 50 instances to enable persons to accept work. In 77 instances the magistrates asked ; for and obtained the help of the missionaries on behalf of persons charged. The police also had their assistance on behalf of 80 persons. The names and addresses of 51 persons were sent to ministers of religion. No less than 690 persons were provided with breakfast, advice, work &c., at 11 daily openings of the Mission room rear Walton Prison. 69 persons were visited in their abodes from the prisons, 61 persons were spoken to on cart stands and shelters, and 126 others at the railway stations. 129 persons were also spoken to in lodging-houses, 51 meetings were addressed. 203 pledges were taken &c. A sum of .E 7 Ils has been received from the members of the Grand Jury at the present Liverpool .Assizes being half of the " fines:' This is the third occasion that help has been received from this source.

(;),''')c'l'):l7;r:4,;:cii:[:::::\'''''';:4\l,.\''\ , Id \

===== 0002601_19011206_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
(To bo continua.)

ill AN AFFAIR IN MANCHESTER. —Particulars of a rather' striking cure, said to have been effected by Dr William9', pink pills for pale people, having reached the ears of la : newspaperman, in the general public interest he deter."' ~ mined to thoroughly investigate the matter. Tbe resuic is that he found the cure to be quite as remarkable as _ reported, and the details of his investigation are given in another column of this issue. Further inquiries re— vealed the fact that Dr. Williams' pink pills are genet' ally regarded throughout Lancashire as the standard household medicine,and the' are proved to have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism and sciatica ;. also all diseases arising from impoverishment of the . blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, ancernia, pale and sallow con:1- ' plexion, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, r.aiwi in the back, nervous headache, atil neuralgia, early decay,all forms of female weakness an hysteria. These pills are a tonic not a purgative: , They are genuine only with the full name. Dr Williarns, ' pink pills for pale people, and are sold by chemists, ao‘f. by Dr Williams' lidedicino Company. 46, flllborn Viaduc' London E.C., at 23 9d, a box. or six boxes for 133 gd• Pink pills sold loose or from glass jars are not Dr; Williams' pink pills; accept them only in the PlO _ .. _

above described.

I AIM - MANDOLINRS. 6,-;ra--ct-tee-d GUITARS, VIOLINS, &C. Special Offer.- ITALIAN MANDOLINII, MAKER'S name Inew,e'nufility wood, ornameßted ; 10s. 6d. Carriage paid. MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Case ls• =awn. ARCHRR AND SONS. ST. ti BORGBS' En-6,d 108. TOP OF LORD-STRIIHT, sAVSItw^

closed wrapper - _ 11110!* . ;i7-7-- • •_--14-!.t • \ - jorjoß3! - STOCK OF

'IIPOOL.

i i

===== 0002601_19011206_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Wrg,-

0 ,_.

WARRINGTON TOWN

practical form how warmly they supported the desire of. the committee to do all that was passible to make the gchocis a success, and he did not think they were likely to go back now o their previous actions, which he be- lieved were as pre-eminently benefiti%g the people of Warrington. (Appian re.) Councillor GREENING seconded. Councilor BENNETT wished to emphasize what the Deputy-Mayor had just said with reference to the dis- coveries of Mr May who bad been engaged in the work of the excavations for a considerable time. There was a scepticism in the minds of some peeple at first when he began to excavate, but, at lir, it had all dis- appeared, and Mr May had worked with the greatest possible zeal, and the end had abundantly crowned the work. Toe discoveries were in the highest degree inter- esting and important, and Mr May had no doubt defi- nitely established the existence of the Roman camp at Warrington. Oae or two of the more recent discoveries would appeal more to the commercial mind of the mem- bers of the Corporation as it had been proved t oat in the Roman camp which existed in Warrington acme 2,000 years ago, there was a pottery, and that glass and iron were made by the hum in community at that time, They boasted as Warringtonians that they were a town of many industries, and he thaught they might use that boast with greater satisfaction when they recollected that two or three of the industries they now had in the town dated back two or three thousand years. (Hear, bear.) Alderman MONKS drew attention to the resolution that Letters were reported from Messrs Crosfield and Sons expressing their intention of paying the class fees of boys in their erne! oyment attending the Continua- tion School, and from Mr Zibe Armitage off rring pr;zes to students in the Cotton Spinning class." The Alder- man expressed the hope that other manufacturers in the town would do something of the kind, and said that later on be should takJ a more definite action in the matter. He bad brought as much pressure as he could to bear upon the office staff of Messrs Monks, Hall and Co., and it had given very satisfactory results. Most of the staff up to 21 years had attended the technical classes and he could speak from experience of the value to the company that such a course of action had been. He strongly recommended other manufacturers to follow on the same lmes. (Rear, hear.) The MAYOR said he was sure the Council were very much indebted to Mr May for his valuabla services to the borough. The minutes were then confirmed. CEMETERY COM ail I' TEE. THE TABLE OF FEES FOR MINISTERS OF RELIGION. •

The Toying CLERK, at a meeting of the above com- mittee, reported tbac tho Secretary of Sate had all ivied the f olio winz 'Cable of Fees under Section 3 (1) of the Burial Act, 1900, to be charged for services ranaered by ininisers of religion at iaterments. in the Warrington Cemetery :—Offnia,ing minister : For every burial in tUe morning, 103 ; for every burial in the afternoon, 33 6 I ; for every burial of a pauper, 3 Councillor JOHN EvAN3, in submitting for confirma- tion the minutes of the committee, said that the Secre- tary of State had at last all)cired the table of fees as set

Councillor PEACOCK seconded, and the motion was agreed to. MARRE rs COMMITTEE. A DECREASED INCONIE. It was reported at a meeting of toe committee that the total income from all sources for the past three weelv was £3Ol 12s 91; corresponding period last year, --c.:317 154 Id ; decrease, £l6 2; 41. Alderman finrcaiNsov moved the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor ROGERS secoaded, and the motion was carried.

RIVERS COMMITTEE. THE JURISDICTION OF THE COMMISSIONERS. At a meeting held on the 17.5 h November, a letter was read from the Parliamentary Agents with respect to an interview which they had had with the Acting Conservator of the Mersey. Oil the question of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners above Warrington Bridge, and intimated that Sir George Noes was satis- fied that what was being done would be of benefit to the river, and did not therefore propose to interfere with the work or make any endeavour at the present stage to make the Corporation submit plans for his approval. The DEeurv-Mavoa moved the confirmation of the minutes. Alderman Hcaxoer seconded and the minutes were Carried.. THE CHARGES AGAINST H. INGRAM LIMITED. TOTALLY UNTRUE. Alderman Mllsris in moving the adoption of the Minutes of the Electricity Committee said be would like to take that opportunity of just saying two or three words in regard to the question of electric motors and the statement made in toe papers a few days ago. It was very difficult to do so because no specific firm or company had been mentioned. Therefore he did not know to whom the statement had reference. It simply said the Warrington firm" A B and Company." He (Alderman Monks) had made careful inquiry to try and ascertain wbethAr any such letter had been received by the E'ectricity department or the Town Clerk and he could not find there was such a letter in existence. It therefore followed that all the other statements in regard to it fell to the ground and were totally untrue. Even if it were true he (Alderman Monks) saw nothing improper in the engineer giving notice to those people in the town wtn were prepared t 3 supply motors to possible con- Flamers because it was in the interests of the Committee that the engineer should do so, as these contractors for motors were practically turned into canvassers, and to that extent were helping the Committee to sell the power they had to sell. Somebody must be first arid it might be a coincidence in this case that Ingram's. L'ld„ were first. It had always been a practice to tell all tae contractors in 9Yarrington and other contractors outside Warrington, for the special reason that tiler might be turned into canvassers and help the Committee to make the uodertakiog under their control a better succes3. (Hear, hear.) PROPOSED LIGHT RAILWAY. THE TRAMWAY SERVICE IN WARRINGTON. STA'TENIENT BY THE LEPU TY-allYoEt. It was reselved, at a meeting of the Tramways Com. mittee held on the 20th Novemoer, that an application be made to the Light Railway Concm'srioners for an order aehorizing the construction of a light railway from WildersPool Causeway to Stockton Heath ; a light rails-ay from the Market-place at Stockton Heath to Knutsford-road ; that Me,,srs Preece and Cardew be in- structed to prepare the necessary plans for deposit ; and that the tender of Mr Joseph Dolan for the alteration of the buildings at the old Gas Work into, and the com- pletion of, carsheds at £2,248, be accepted. The DEPUTY-MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes. It was wed known, he said, that the present Scheme ,SO far as Wilderspool-road was concerned terminated at Stafford-road and that the bulk of traffic which would come along Wilderspool Causeway would mean the conveyance of passengers from Stock- ton Heath, probably from the other side of the Canal ; and it had been felt that the part of the scheme was not satisfactory because it was not complete. When the Northwica Light Railway Company made their application to the Railway Com- missioners they felt it woull be to some extent an advantage to support that scheme, so far as that portion of it was concerned which would enable them to con- nect with the Corporation's terminus at Stafford-road ' and carry on to the market-place at Stockton Heath. But with that advantage there was a great disadvantage —that the passengers would be carried by two com- panies over two lines, and there would have been to some extent a difficulty in managing the traffio as to charges anti the convenience of customers. Therefore, they made an arrangement with the Nortawich Light Railway Company by means of which they had power at any time to take over from them on certain condi- tint s the railway, so tar as this section was concerned, which commenced at the Corporation's torminus at Wilderspora, and went on to the Market-place at Stockton Heath. Bola unfortunately, the North wich Light Railway Company, in their anxiety to get their Bill, consented to conditions which the Corporation could not agree to, and therefore they had had practically to give them notice—which they had power to do—to drop that part of the scheme if these conditions bad to be complied with ; and it was felt by the committee that they did not desire to spend any more mosey than they could help at the present time,but that this was the time when they (the Corporation) should make their own scheme complete by taking up this part of the Northatich Light Railway scheme which had practically received the assent of the Railway Commiseioners but which Wag

~ ~ , ~.'t '::,-;?4,ititttil•-44.1w4 .I*. .;. :,'‘ , ,")1:1,:4„; :-..•'-, "Ar,-.*,4'4:7:,*:,.i',,VtiA•;.fyetlf,,%k'it"Aftqvsko- - , Actii= , - - •'• : 7%:',r5.,,,,,,,:17 t. 7,4449: 2,i'',;04i,,,k. 14,,„14!:;144011.-,74 • `',''' 4, -A, v,',4 I, ,—,,,...4. „........-soA4 Ar, .-,.;:".,, . •' ii rlit ,:e414,c- -- ---,q—;,1,,,,, •,,, -,... r, ~,„ • , • ~ , ~,... :, 1,-,-•: ' ~,'''.111,.;::<,,,,.444,-#:•-°,kk ;i71.&>_,,.,3,:14`• ;;0';',44`0,,'1 ' - - .:, 4,,;•1 , N-` i e ~.;,' ' ~ :: ' 4!::?,Ze 1. , :, . 4 _. t 'tqft; 'il` -•-, 002‘..00,4%,"1., ki:' .:le:'••1,-.'''' '' - • I' 41 ' ' ,30rn.',,,f0v46,43,10ti0' -4) ; .' ' -" ' • '' ',l;`..s,'''''o4; ` , \ ,1010 0 k . . -,- ,

===== 0002601_19011206_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIL.

The Tramway Extensions.

A meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held -on Tuesday evening. the Mayor (Mr J C Parr) presiding There were also present Alderman Roberts (deputy Mayor), Aldermen Monks, Heaton, Sutton, Shaw Green, Hutchinson, Fcancomb, Councillors William Itoberts, S Davies, F B Malkin, Peacock. Baird, Greening, 'Donlon, Snillcock, Forshaw, Wilkinson, A Jolley, A J Jolley, Jchn Evans, James Evans, Plumpton, Bennett, Sampson, Ellison, F R Roberts, John Roberts, Rogers, Brough, Uutse, Smethurst, Berton, wth Messrs J Lyon Whittle (town clerk), S Waseca (deputy town clerk), J Fairbury', (borough treasurer), T Longdin (borough surveyor), J Doss (water engineer) C 8 Haddock (gas engineer), Dr J Guest Gornall (Medical Officer of Uealth), W 11 Grimsdale (electrical engineer). :MUNICIPAL TR ADING.—LE'T TER 'l'o THE MAYOR. The MAYOR said he had received a letter from a cer- "damn Mr James DAds upon the subject of municipal trading, woich be proposed to hand on to the General Purposes Committee for their consideration before it came before the General Co duel]. WATCH COMMI TEE.—TdE NEW POLICE BUILDINGS. At a meeting of the Watch Committee, on the 21st November, a letter was read from the Prison Commis- sion, Home Office, sugr•esting that the expenses of removal of offeuders to prison after committal be based at a fired rate per prisoner, which on the average cnst for the year 1900 gave a rate of 53 51, and it was resolved, that on the advice of the Chief C instable the Committee adhere to the present arrangemen'. Toe Chief Co datable reported on certain suggested alterations to the new police premises ; it was resolved, that arrangements be made for the Committee to meet the .architects oa the premises at an early date to discuss the report. The minutes were confirmed on the motion of toe Marog, secsnded by the DEPUTY Mayon. FINANCE AND ESTATE COMMITTEE. The Finance Committee met on the 18th November -when it was resolved that the Mayor, the Chairman, the Deputy-Cosirman, Alderman Monks and Councillor A J Jolley be re-appointed a sub-committee to settle the financial adjustment berween the' borough and the county. It was also resolved that the Chairman be re- appointed the representative of the Council on the County Rate Joint Committee. Alderman SHAW GREEN moved the confirmation of the minutes. Alderman MONE3 seconded, and it was agreed to. T HE LYME STREET IMPROVEMENT.

At a meeting Of the Street Improvement and Lighting , Committee the Heron ;ila Fut anyor reported on the coot scf taking down the frant of the premises at the corner oz Lyrne-atreet and Horsetail trket-street, and on the cost of widening L7me-street. when it was resolved " That, in the opinion of this committee,the premises at the corner of Licrne-atreet Rh32yl be taken down on condition that Skelton's, Lien ti, are prepared to pay fur the improve- meat te their premises. 'roe committee are also of opinion that the further widening of Lyme-street should be deferred." IC was turner received that the stun of 10; per square yard be paid to Messrs. Greenall, Wnitley and Co., Ltd., for the land required at the corner of Crosfield-street and Frogoall-line ; that the tender of Mgsra Pickaley, Sin; and Co., Ltd., for the cast iron railings required for the river wall at S. James's old bathl ground, at 12; 61 per yard, fixed complete, with -altars every ens feet at 61 each, be aecepted. 0 a the motion of Allerman SUTTON, seconded by Councillor JAMES EVANS the minutes were approved. BEILTH COMMITTEE:—INSPECTOR APPOINTED, The Tows CLERK, at a meeting of the Health Com- . enittee, reported that Mr Alderman Sutton had been ae'ected to represent the Joint Committee on the Man- che:ter Part Sanitary Anthority ; and it was resolved that Mr J J A Parfitt be apprinted an inspector of nuisatmea, to at under the direction of the Medical Officer of Health. Alderman SUTTON. in moving, the confirmation of. the minutes, said he had attended two meetings of the pint 'committee, at which the business had been of a pre- Li:Binary character. The committee intended to Calla active measures in order to find out all casee of infectious disease arising or existing on vessels entering the canal, and deal with them in the best ncisSible waS• ae wool no doubt be able to submit a report to the next Meeting. The DEPUTY-MAYOR seconded, and the minutes were confirmed. \ WOOD PAVING IN FRONT OF CEURCHEi. Councillor Tatastos proposed the minutes of the Paving and Sewerage C-matnitte, and mentioned that a letter had been received from the Rev. Father Ryan ask- liig them to pave in front of the Sacred Heart Church with: wood block;. They would give the' letter careful consideration, and do whatever they could to facilitate -the convenience of worshippera in every place of svor- . shin. The cost was a very considerable item, however. The minutes were passed. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE. THE WORE OF THE COMMITTEE,

pill

4 '

- - The average attendance at the pablic elementary schools duriny the month of 0 itober was 11571, corres- Ponding period lass year 11,049. Increase 522.—1 t was 'resolved that the Chairm in be appointed to attend the Conference in L'vorpool of the educational authori- tica with reference to the et ihlishmont of a school lindes the Elementary Eiucation (D ifective and Epileptic et'ildren) Act, 1899. I,,,lkiderrean SHAW GREEN moved the confirmation of Minutes, and alluded to the minutes relating to it,DtPtio children. Inquiries were being instituted as best twang of dealiny, with these children and send °Linding an institution that it might be necessary to r. 'ern to 'Anat. stuLtcocz seconded, and the motion was a zreed to.

THE NEW TECHNICAL SCHOOL. ROMAN DISCOVERIES AT WILDERSPOOL. :I was reported at a meeting of the Museum Corn- em that a loan of relics and curios from the war in south Atri,:a had been re3eived from Captain Appl,ton and other members of the Service Company of the War- rington Volunteers. Mr May exhibited o'ijects found during recent excavation on the Roman site at Wilders- pool, and it was resolved that the best thanks of the committee be given to Mr May for his services extending over several years in superintending excavations at Rilderspool on behalf of this committee and to Messrs Greenall, Whitley and Co., for allowing excavations to be made in search of Roman remains on their land at Wilderspool. Letters were reported from Messrs Cros- field and Sons expressing their intention of paying the class fees of boys in their employment attending the continuation school, and from Mr Ziba Armitage offer- ing prizes to Endents in the cotton spinning cle'ss ; and it was resolved that it be recommended that in the event of the Corporation applying for an Act of Parlia— ment conferring additional powers for educational pm- Poses that power be included to provide a sufficient Sum of Money. to 'complete the new institute in accordance with the plans already adopted by the Town Council. The DEPUTY-MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes, and alluried to the loan of relics and curios from the war. There was also a resolution thanking Mr May and Messrs Greenall and Whitley, the former for his services its superintending excavations at Wilderspool, and the latter for allowing the excavations to be made cul their land. He did not want these resolutions to be formally passed because the work Mr May had done was Proving, and had proved to be of the greatest value to the history of the town. (Hear, hear.) Be believed it was a fact that some of the discoveries were practically without prEtedent in the United Kingdom. At least, that applied to one if not more of the discoveries, and as all the articles were finding their way to the Museum A a a gift from Mr May. it was his (the speaker's) duty • as representing the committee to lay special emphasis on e appreciation the committee had for the work which dad been done. (Hear, bear.) In referring to the last Plragraph, the Deputy-Mayor expressed the hope that the Council would allow it to pass. It was not intended to go further at present with the recommendation, but the time would come when the Council would have be- ore it a proposal in a definite shape, and would have to decide upon it, but in the interests of the town, of the Yaang people, and of the future prosperity of the town as a manufacturing centre, he hoped the Council would _adt be niggardly in regard to the nroper fitting up of 7111F3p he hoped would be one of the most important ItutionS for the future of Warrington that it had yel e%eesaed. (Hear, hear.) The Council had shown in a

I

===== 0002601_19011206_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
I'RE EX.AMILNEE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6 1901.

Accompanied by conditions the Cdrptiration could not agree Co. These could be largely ogerco ne, and would not prevent the Northwich Light Railway:Company from getting their scheme carried out, It was proposed to carry the railway Co Knutsford-riad bridge, and it would be within the discretion of the Warren when that power , should be ultimately carried out. It would, he contended be a great mistake not to apply for that power ; it would be a mistake to allow the present opportunity to pass of making the Wilderspool scheme complete. The committee, he assured the Csuncil, hal gone into the matter very carefully ; indeed, he did not think that any committee had been more burdened with a sense of its responsibility to do what was best than the Tram- ways Committee had been. (Hear, hear.) They intended to make a better job and more permanent in its charac- ter,and they would not consent to the onerous conditions the Northwich Light Railway Company had practic illy \agreed to, but leave the Board or Trade to settle as be- tween the Manchester Ship Canal Company and the Corporation any difficulties that might arise. (Hear,

_ hear.) Alderman MONKS seconded the motion. Alderman nacv GREEN asked for some informatio I with reference to the tender of Mr Joseph Dolan tor me alteration of the buildings at the old Gas Works. Had I it anything to do with the proposed alterations that the 1 Gas Committee brought before them last month ? If so he should like to see the plan as to what it was pro- I posed to do. Councillor PLTYMPTON alluded to the notice sent to every member of the Council on the 27th October, 1899, in which it was stated that certain streets and roads in the borough had been crossed out from the tramway scheme. lt was proposed that they shouid be left in, but they were crossed out. If they decided to have tramways in the streets crossed out wool I they have to go in for fresh powers ? The DEPUTY-MAYOR : We have not power to deal with them now. We should have to seek fresh powers. Councillor PLIMPTON then mentioned Longford-st., Berfoot-street, Folly-lane, Beweey-road, Lovely-lane. Green-street, and Orford-lane—districts which, he con- tended, were thickly populated. The people of these places had no means of conveyance to the centre of the town, and he wished to ask the Council if it was fair that the Corporation should proceed with tramway N 0.2 for the benefit of a residential district. it would be a considerable cost on the rates, and it was all nonsense to talk about getting power for work they did not in- tend to carry out. There was no doubt it was intended to do the work, and it would cost from £19,000 Co £20,000 at least.lt would be better to buy the people the Deputy-Mayor had referred to a pony and trap to bring them to Warrington. (Laughter.) In the course of further discussion Winwick-•oal was mentioned as a desirable thoroughfare for trams. Councillor PLUMpT)N then proposed, as an amend- ment, that No. 2 line be struck out, and that the Coun- cil only apply for powers to carry the line across the swing bridge at Stoekt on Heath to the Mulberry Tree. That, he thought, was reasonable. The MAYOR explained that it was within C)uncillor Plumpton'e power to give noti6e of the extension he referred to, but it was hardly within their power to do so that day, as no notice appeared on the agenda. The Corporation were merely taking p iwer to avoid expense and trouble hereafter. They need not act upon that power unless they thought it desirable to do so. Councillor SersTnurtsT seconded the amendment, and said he had constantly fought against the N. 2 exten- sion, over since trams had been adopted in Warrington. Those routes should be:selected on which the working people resided such as Longford-strent, and the other streets which had been named by Councillor Plnmpten in his speech. Alluding to the ateratioes at the old gas works for tram car sheds he pointed out that that was a question he bad also fought, with the result that 1 inst,ad of spending £6,500 they were only spending 2,248. Couacillor SAMPSON pointed out that 'buses ran for two or three years to Win wick-road and Bewaey-road, but they never paid, as they were not sufficiently patronised. Councillor PLIMPTON : They wanted something better to travel in. Councillor SAMPSON : They had the same 'buses that

travel to Stockton Heath: - Councillor Joins ROBERTS said he had lived in Winwick- road for 35 years, and it was nu argument to say that because the 'buses did not pay the trams would not. e• The MAYOR pointed out that Winwick-road was already within their powers, and the Council had given instructions to have the tramwaysconstructed;along that road. THE SUGGESTED INCREASE IN THE RATES. Councillor JAMES EVANS alluded to a paragraph in a 1 local newspaper that in all probability the rates next year would be 9d in the pound higher, and said it ap- peared to him that if all the tram linos were to be laid immediately they must not be surprised if it was stated next Saturday, that the rates had been increased to is 63. (Laughter). The Tramways Committee were taking a very sensible view of their work by going where the people were. The main streets were the likeliest places to find customers for the cars. When 1 Lovely-lane was sufficiently populated and it would pay to have trams he would like to see them laid there. He did pet see how they could lay trams in unpopulated districts without raising the rates. 1 Toe DEPUTY-MAYOR said he was surprised that mem- bera of the Council allowed the business to slip out of their minds month after month, as it appeared to do. Winwick-road was in the present powers and the en- gineers at the present moment had the instructions of the Committee to obtain tenders for the work. He was very mach afraid that the Winwick-road section would not pay for years. The working class were entitled to every consideration, and without any hesitation he dial- lenged anyone to say that he had not quite ai much interest in promoting the welfare and convenience of the working class as any member of the Council or any- one outside it. Knutsford-road could not be said to be a suburban district. The whole of it was within the borough, and/ fully half or three.quarters of the pa Bangers carried were working men. and their wives and families. What about Liverpool-road? That could not be considered suburban, whatever mielat be said about Kautsford-road.—(l voice "It is highly re- spectable." and laughter.) It was highly respectable, but it was a purely workieg-class district, and War- riogton was a working-class town. Wherever they took the trams the) were bound to consider the interests of the working-class. They all knew that the Wilderspool-road section had not been a complete piece of work, and as a matter of pure business they wanted to tap the districts on the other side. He hoped the Corporation would not allow anyone else to take the powers. They had had many obj Pct lessons of people from outside taking their monopolies for which they (the Corporation) had eventually to pay for through the nose. With reference to the resolution relating to the altera- tion of the buildings of the old gas works, he wished to state that it only meant making goo 1 a certain portion of the present offices which were cut off at the corner to enable them to est in with a wider entrance to the proposed car sheds. replyln to C onecillor SMETHURST, The DEPUTY MAYOR said it was never intended to build new car sheds there. The committee were busi- ness men,and he thought they had regard for the town's finance, although at tee present time they were not sup- posed to have. (Laughter.) The people who complained about the rates were the people who were raising all the difficulties, and wished to rush them into all kinds of expense. They were not going to be so rushed. He assured them they had not lost their heads if people outside had done SO. (Laughter.) It never was intended to spend this sum of money included in the estimates for providing a new car shed if the present buildings at the gas works csuld be adapted. They had been found to be adaptable, and they were well within the Parlia- mentary estimate of the cost of tne tramways. Councilor SMETHURST replied that the plans of the car sheds were produced and shown on the table. The DEPUTY Mayon : We refused to accept the plans. Only two or three voted for thelamendment, and it was declared to be lost. The minutes were then carried in their entirety. CONFERENCES OF OFFICIALS TO BE HELD. COUNCILLOR TINNION AND THE " POLLING-UP " OF SLIME rs. STRONG COIIPLAINT.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee it was resolved that, in the interests of the borough a conference of all the chief officials of the Corporation be hell no less than once in each month, and that the necessary arrangements be made forthwith. The MAYOR moved the adoption of the mioutea. Aldermui FRANCOISB seconded. Councillor Tasmos said he felt sure the conferences would result in nothing but gosd. A subject which should have their cossideration was in reference to the

- Mothers and Children Rejoice in the cleansing, purifying, and • beautifying properties Of CIiTiCURA SOAP and CUTICURA Ointment, purest and sweetest of emollient skin cures. These gentle yet effective skin purifiers and beautifiers have made thousands of homes Ahappy by curing torturing, disfiguring hu- mours, rashes, and irritations ot infancy and childhood, and relieving tited, worn- • out parents of care and anxiety. Price. SO Ar le., OIXTMENT, 26.6 d.. all Chemists, or poetpaid Fr. SONS. London, E. C. POrIEE DAV-a C 0.4•41. 6..40 Prop*, postou. V. B.

laying of the tramways in the borough. The Paving and Sewerage Committee were responsible for the con- dition of the streets of the town, but they had lately practically lost control of the streets. For some reason or other the controlling power had been handed over by Parliamentary powers or otherwise to the Tramways Committee, to a very considerable exle at. He believed he was right in saying there were portions of work which the Paving and Sewerage Committee knew noth- ing whatever about. It was things of that kind which made people say "It's the Warrington Corporation. They have just finished this corner, and other men come and pull it up again." The Tramways Committee had so constructed the tramways in Wintnarleigh-street that it had been necessary for the Paving and Sewerage Committee to spend a very considerable Sdnl of money. The corner of Winmarleigh-street and Palmyra-square was in a very deplorable condition and the matter had just been put right. This week some of the work done last week was being undone to put up the tramway I poles. It was time they protested against this sort cf thing. There could be no possible excuse in the future for any of the offieials to inflict this sort of thing upon them. He (Couneilior Tinnion) felt very muck annoyed , and grieved when he saw the flags being pulled up when the work might have been done last week. Mr Longdin knew nothing whatever about the intention to pall the flags up. The contractor had taken possession of the streets whether by the sanction of the committee or not he did not know. He hoped the officials would consider the various interests which would be affected by the alterations to varieus streets. He fe't sore it would save the Corporation a great deal of the just sarcasm levelled at it by various inhatitants, and save a good deal of money. He felt that a considerable sum of money had been wasted by work being repeated. and. with a little care a considerable saving might be effected The DEPUTY Mayon said he was amazed at this length of speech about this One instance on the part of the Tram ways Committee. The committee had no :desire to cut up the streets unneceasarily. They could notilay tramways without cutting up the streets,aad as far ash I knew they had done the best they could in the cirearn ' stances. Councillor TnesioN It is very bad. The DEPUTY MAYOR : Very wen. Blame the engineers or the contractors. We have something else to do without sitting on the streets from morning until I night watching the work being done. He asked how the work was to be carried out ? He did not see how in Boma circumstances, they could help what happened Ihe overhead equipment could not possibly be erected until the permanent way was censtructed.llle regretted I himself what he had witnessed of this repetition of work. It had been a great expense and waste of time, I and be thought the resolution would prevent, in a very large degree, the possibility of any recurrence of this kind of thing being done wilfully and with knowledge. Councillor TINNION said the point of his remarks was that M. L ongdin, wha was the responsible official for the streets, might have had some notice of what was about to be done in the street he had referred to. As a matter of fact he had none. The DEPUTY MAYOR said he should take this matter up very warmly with the clerk of the works, who was responsible. (Hear, hear). He would not be a party to any overlooking of Mr Longdin. Alderman SUTTON observed that notwithstanding all the remarks of Alderman Robetti, Councillor Tinnion ' was perfectly justified in saying what he had said in reference to this resolution. He (Alderman Sutton) had I spoken and complained about the same thing many times. Owing to the want of conferences and an under- standing between the various officials of the Corporation there had been a lot of expense thrown away in pulling no streets. They bad streets pulled up by the Water Works Department, by the Gas Department, and then by someone else, and if a conference were held a good deal of repetition could be avoided. He thought a reso- lution of this sort was a very good thing. He male hoped it would bo property carried through, and that the police would not bs required in to keep order. (Laughter.) Tne MAYOR said this matter bad the concurrence of all. It was a proposal which would alsist very much in bringing matters to a successful issue. Alderman IlfeaT3ei sail the positions for the poles were se,ected tau days ago, and ought to have been made kaown to the Borough Surveyor. Not the slight- est intimation was given to him He felt it was a shame that the corner referred to should be pulled up after the trouble which bad been taken with it. The minutes were then adopted and the Council rose.

„,...„-„_-_,-- -4.. „...--..„,_,,,-... .g.--7----•"--4,-,-,N '1 ..- N----..... . --. N

===== 0002601_19011206_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Cairo-street Chapel. The Rev E W Lummis. M.A., preached the second of the series of sermons on '6 Unitarianism " in the above place of worship on Sunday evening. The subject on this occasion was " A Unitarian's thought of Gad," and it was dealt with in an able manner. Bold-street Wesley Guild. On Monday evening the monthly devotional meeting of the Wesley Guild, in connection with Bold-street Wesleyan Courch, was held in the church parlour, when a paper was read by Mr It Sutton, on " Man's relation to GA:" Mr Sattoo's remarks were based on the first two words of the Lord's Prayer—" Oar Father "—and the care wish which the paper bad evidently been pre- pared, as well as the spiris of reverence which character iz sd its delivery, contributed much to make the meeting profitable in the highest sense t 3 everyone present. Canaiderable discussion followed the reading of the paper, the essayist's words on the " Father "as using she rod of afil.ction to correct erring children, being particularly commented upon. Sankey's hymns appro- priately selected, were sung, as well as the " " by Miss Allen. Mr J J Rolland was in the chair. The meeting closed wNo a " chain of prayer " and the sing- ing of the Doxology about 9.30 o'clock. St. Barnabas' Church. Services on behalf of the Universities Mission to Cen- tral /Uric& were held in St Barnabas' Churchou Sunday. The preacher at all the services was the Rev C G Town- ley, of Ulverston, who delivered interesting discourses on the work of the mission. In the course of his ser- mon at the evening service the rev, gentleman pointed Oil that the mission was foundrd in response to the appeal of David Livingstone who called upon the C burch through her Universities to go over and heir, him to heal that open sore of tna world." Great things had been done by the Imission for which they might well rej3ice. On , the site of the slave market at Z anzibar, the last open slave market in the world, a Catne Irad had been built. A native ministry which was formed of boys who had been released from slavery was being trained,and there were already four native priests and eight native deacons. There was a theological college with a staff for training the iaatives,and there were mission stations with !churches, schools,and hospitals, which were ever being added to. More workers and funds to meet the growing requirements were urgeatly needed and he appealed to teem for liberal suppars.—Collections were taken in aid of the mission and realized a satisfactory amount.

The Bishop of Liverpool at Earlestown. The Lord Bishop of Liverpool (the Right Rev Dr. I Chavasse) on Sunday morning and afternoon preached special sermons at the Newton-in-Makerfield Parish ' Church, Wargrave. The church on both occasions was exceedingly well filled, a large number being unable to fin! seats. His lordship preached from the text "No it is high time to awake out of sleep, for now is oar salvation nearer than when we believed." He said that the people of Lancashire were wide awake in some matters. They were wide-awake in matters of trade. wide-awake as to the state of the markets,and as to the best way in which to make money. They were wide- awake in mattrra of pleaeure, and they knew well how to invest what money they had and to obtain as much enjoyment out of it as possible. They were with- awake to their own interests. But many of those keen, far-sighted, shrewd men were asleep as to the affairs of G)d. At the conclusion the Bishop, on behalf of the Rector ad Churchwardens appealed for liberal contributions towards the church renovation fund. So far, he said, they had celleteed LSD and they needed £7O more to make the church absolutely free' from debt. Be hoped they would raise £lOO in order to provide hassocks for kneeling. Their generosity and love for the church was reflected very much in the fact that only in a short space of time they raised so much money to make the caurch beautiful. It was only three months ago he was there at a confirmation service and he heard then it was their intention to renovate the church. H 3 could not help expressing his delighted surpriae at the thorough manner in which the work had been accomplished. He was sure the people of Wargrave had great love for their church and were desirous of making it both comfortable and beautiful. The choir rendered most effectively the anthem " The sun shall be no mere E Woodward), Mr E Leyland presiding at the organ. In the afternoon • bright and attractive childrea's service was bell in the church. The col- lections throughout the day amounted to a trifle over £l5. In the evening the Bishop preached at St John's Church, Esrlestown, in aid of the Liverpool Cathedral fund. There was an over-crowded congregation, tem- porary seats having to be provided in the aisles, while many people were compelled to stand. The Bishop, after delivering a very able discourse on Advent, re- ferred in conclusion 1p the proposed Cathedral at Liverpool. He said the' Vicar and Churchwardens had consented most generously that the offerings of the con- gregation should be given tto the Cathedral for the Liverpool diocese. Re would only remark to them that although the Cathedral would be built in Liverpool as the chief city in the diocese, i would not only belong to Liverpool but to the whole of the diocese. It would be their Cathedral as ranch as that of the residents of Liverpool. It was his heart's desire that every man, woman, and child in the diocese should feel that the Cathedral belonged to them and that they had a stone or stones in it. It was his heart's desire that every man and woman, young and old, who, in years to come, might walk round its stately walls or kneel beneath its soaring arches, or listen to the word of God faithfully preached from its pulpit, might be able to say to their children and their children's children "I helped through God's grace to build tnat magnificent pile."

===== 0002601_19011206_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CATARRH 01- THE NOSE AND THROAT IN RELATION TO DEAFNESS.

Among the causes of Detfuess,catarrhal inflammation of the nose and throat are of great importance. The reason for this is easily found in the fact that the , Eustachian tube gives a direct passage from the upper . part of the throat behind the nose to the cavity of the , middle ear. Through this passage catarrh extends to , the ear, and produces changes in the membranes that lead to Deafness. A more complete description of deafness produced by catarrh,as well as by other causes, will be found in the "Journal for the Deaf," which can lie obtained free of charge on apolication by post to the Secretary, Regent's Park-road, N.W. This Journal also contains an account .of t large number of cases cured by the Drouet treatment, which is rapiily taking the place of other ma thods formerly used by Aurists. An illustration of complications of catarrh of the nose and throat,with Deafness of long standing, is presented in the case of Miss Fanny Stenning, of Arundel, Sussex. In this case both the catarrhal ailment and the Deafness were of chronie character. The oresence of mucous discharges in the nose and throat were most annoying, and there were ulcerations of a distressing character. The Doafness was so snrere that the ticking of a watch was only faintly perceived even when held close to the ear. The case, as submitted by the patient's Report Form, wa ; diagnosed by the Consulting Phyeician as postnasal pharyngitis, eustachitqs, with otitis media. The treatment prescribed was conducted by correspond- ence, and resulted in a cure, reported as follows : Westfield, near Arundel, Nov. sth. I am very pleased to tell you the medicine has done me so much good I shall not require any more. I can I hear a watch tick half way across the room. My voice has become clear and the discharge at the back of the nose has disappeared. It does seem such a relief alter being bad so long.—Your grateful Patient, FANNY STENNING. In addition to the'' Journal for the Deaf," the Drouet Institute will send free of charge to patients unable to call personally, a special Report Form, which allows them to submit their ease clearly to the Consulting Physician. Any advice by correpondence is absolutely free, and the Journal and Report Form are sent on mere application to the Secretary, Regent's Park-road, London, NW-

A reit ',Topa ,FVF"

- th 3 tothbrtib morning

;mall Pill. Small Dose. Szcs.ll Price

GA •ITTLE IVER FILLS

en „rery Mor, ta,Ck—

===== 0002601_19011206_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Will SWeeten tho Breath all day. and make all the difference be. cure Sick Headache, tween— biliousness, Torpid Liver, Inch- Good Teetheth .ara. nnno dadi, eryta geiludy: .r.r Teeth. fixtestikon:surCeottenstiypaaretion,Di.zi.e7 Teeth cerr::etvtotlyeeT .Furred Tongue, 'll..leY the er. Tooth PowOu. u4o.

.bse,hltely

===== 0002601_19011206_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN FOREIGN M;SSIONS.

Anniversary at Runcorn.

St; Paul's Church.

The annual sermons in connection with the above mission were preached on Sunday at the St Paui's Wesleyan Church by the Rev R Forster. There were good congregations at all services, the rev gentleman Preaching most appropriate discourses. On Monday the annual missionary meeting was held. There was but a moderate attendance. Mr B Brown, Widnes, should have occupied the chair, but owing to Meese was prevented his place being filled by his son-in-law Mr Rawson. He was supported by the Revs A Wens, superintendent minister, H Morrison, J B Foster, G M Cobban, Foster, Messrs. A R Norman, F J Norman, R Li Posnett, S Taylor, T Simister, T Bootes, R Green- P T Lawton. and S Coventry. After devotional exercises the Rev H B Morrison said that they raised la s' year in their own district £725 9s which included £237 lie from their own circuit which was an increase of £l2 on the previous year. (Appiause). The sum of ..x.:12 16s Id bad been collected by the Women's Auxiliary Society which had been sent to the Mission fund in London direct. The young people had raised £123 which was very creditable indeed. Mr Taylor, local secretary said that the total amount raised by St Paul's and Brunswick 9chool was £149 for the circuit which was a considerable increase. The reports of the collections of the boys and girls, the classes in Brunswick Scheel and also collections by ladies connected with the church were also read by Mr Taylor and were of a most gratifying character. The Chairman regretted that his father-in-law was not present for he took a deep interest in all missionary work. It gave him much pleasure to be there for the foreign missionary work was vital to the life of the church. Home missionary work was all vary wel but no one with a New Testament in his hand cou:d dis- believe in the command to preach to all the nations. He was glad they in Runcorn were so strong. He con- gratulated them on their recent School Board victory. He wished they in Widnes were strong enough to achieve a similar performance, and give a religious education on Bible lines without bigotry and intolerance. Touch- ing on South Africa and China the speaker said he was progress- ingTebteeacdriylystillrang " The world for Christ," acd he trusted that other cir- thaelsmdiosnsiot cults would emulate the example set by Runcorn, l pleased s e d there that andat nh the rCyown rnke nwt .a s Tie Rev R Foster gave a , number of interesting reminiscences, during which he said there was some- thing in Methodism which helped te make workers. He was very hopeful of the DaiSSiOCIS in Italy. The Remish Church was bound to go down. It was contrary to body, mind and conscience. Facts were against it. They (the Wesleyan Missions) were not attacking or des- troying, but were taking the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ—not the "strategy of truth "—but the pure simple gospel to their hearts and consciences which brought relief from their sins. (Applause.) The Rev GM Cobban, late missionary in the madras district, gave an interesting account of his labours in India. 'file popular religion of tae Hiedoee was idolatry pure and simple. They worshipped the idol as God. Every Hindoo was religiouS. A man would be treated as an outcast if he did not worship. They gave a great deal of ungrudging time—at least 10 or 12 times more than the average Christian—to religious worship. They went in families, grandparents and children many a weary mile for the blessing they could not possibly get. They worshipped by lying flat on the bare ground. The only voice that was telling them to forsake their idols was that of the Christian Missionary. Elindooisna and Mohammedanism had no message for the people. The people knew that the Christan religion was the best be- cause it produced the happiest men and women. Had they more money they cold do much more good. The work was going on steadily in the district where Mr R Posmtt's brother was working. Evangelists were, however, needed and for £25 an evangelist with his wife and family could be kept for twelve months. He constantly had to refuse applications from villages for evangelists. God had given them success in many ways and by different means the nitives were:etercught to Christ, He apt,eated to all to renew their efforts in Missionary work. Mr A R Norman proposed and Mr R H Posnett seconded, a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the ministers who had conducted the services. The collections that evening amounted to £lB 13s 111 making a tro•al for the year of £l6B Os 7d being an increase of £l7 173 ld on last year.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
"Old Brunswick."

03 Sunday afternoon the annual missionary meeting for the scholars of the Brunswick Schools was held at " Old Brunswick" under the presiuency of Mr A R Norman. It was repprted that the amount of the col- Potion at Brunswick Schools in support of Foreign ' Missions for the past year was £97 133 7d, an increase of £169 49 on last year. Towards this sum Mr Simister's class contributed £lO 73 1113. The Rev J B Foster,one of the circuit ministers, gave an address on his mission work in the West lndies,and illustrated his remarks by a number of curios which he had brought from those islands.

CAUTION.—HoW TO TEST TER PFRITY OF COCOAS.—I treated with alkali and chemicals, such cocoas will have a medicinal scent when the tin is opened, and it will be a darker colour when in liquor, CIDBURY'S Cocoa has no addition of any kind, and is guaranteed absolutei pure.— Advt. (5).

===== 0002601_19011206_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ - , - -

WARRINGtON, BOARD OF

GUARDIANS. Resignation of the Master and Matron. A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held in the Board room at the Workhouse, on _ _

- Wednesday morning. Mr A J Jolley presided and there were also present: Mrs Clay, Rev Father Wilson,Rev J H Riddette,Dr Pattereon, Dr Murray, Messrs G Pilling, A Jolley, S Davies, T H Ashcroft, William Hickman, P Cunliffe, J Payton, J Clarke, P Forshaw, R.ibinson, J Billinge, Ritchie, E L Bent, Mather, William Houghton, A Brooks, Long- ton, T Halton,J Ball,J IV Knowles,with J C Sutton (clerk), 8 Sutton (assistant clerk), and A Wright (superintendent Padgsta Schools). TAKEN TO Tfle WORIMOUSE TO DIE. The Local Government Board wrote, ericiosiug a copy of a letter they bad received from Dr Braide, relating to the death in toe Warrington Workhouse of a man named William Waterworth. The Local Government Board in their communication enquired it the deceased man was attended by either of the medical officers atter his

removal to the Workhouse—ind what was the treatment he had received ? Dr Btaide, in hia letter referred to, stated that the man died within 24 hours of his admission to the Work-

house hospital, that his age was 21 years, and that he had lived in a inigiag house in Rose and Crown-street. He called at his (the doctor's) surgery at eight o'clock at night, and was then under the influence of drink,

besides being ill and weak. He (Dr Braide) communi- cated with Mr Garnett, the relieving olficEr of the dis- trict, who arrived at the surgery in a tew minutes. While tlere the man bad a severe epilepic fit, and when they had brought him round they go: him to tile work- house hospital in a cab. There he wit., treated, and seemed to recover, but at 3 30 on the following morning the nurse found him in a state of collapse, and he died at 350 The Citl9BB Of death were epilepsy, the effects of drink and collapse. _ 4.t a meeting of the 11311,13 Committee, held on the . . .

8:h November:in reply to the letter of the I.)eal Govern- ment Bard, the c)mmittee repurted that D: Braide having prescribed medicine and treat net2t did not see

the m;l3.- Waterworth after his admisiion to th 3 hospital. The committee suggested. that a copy of the report of .. . ._ . .

the nurse in charge :of the case be 'forwarded-to the

Local Government. Board•

'Leis course was approved by the Board. ILLNESS OF MR. WARD. RESIGNATION TENDERED. At a meting of the louse Committee on November 23h, the state of the health of the Mister of tne Work- house was considered, and they expressed themselves satisfied that Mr Ward is incapable of discharging the duties of his office with efficiency by reason of perman- ent infirmity of body. This opinion was confirmed by Dr Banks of Liverpool, and by Dr Braide. The com- mittee therefore recommended that, upon the ground of such incapacity. Mr Ward who has expressed a desire to resign his office when convenient to the Guardians, be Teqaested to resign a', the conclusion of his present year's service. Ravine. regard t o the consequences that may follow upon such resignation by the Master (toe appointment being a joint appointment), the commit:es recommend that upon any request being made by the Matron for a reasonable addition to the number of years of tier actual service under the Poor Lisp in respect of superannuation allowance to her, favourable considera- tion be given to her request. Tne committee further recommend that they may be empowered to take such srPpS as they deem necessary in connection with future Workhouse administration, until the Board may make such appointments of officers as may be decided upon. Mr BROOKS moved, and Mr ASHCROFT seconded, the coofirmation of the minutes of the committee.

The Bev J H HIDDETTE : Does the resignation of the Master carry with it the resignation of the M atron ? The CHAIRMAN Yes, the resolution gives (to the House Committee power to make such a temporary arrangement as might be necessary, and to take pre- liminary steps to secure saccessors to Mr and Mrs Ward. The appointment to the nermase ot offices woul I he made by the Bard. Toe House Committee would be empowered to take action in case of emergency. Toe minutes -rere pagsed. THE accommomknor FOR LUNATICS.

The CLERK reported that he had received a notice from the Rochdale Union stating that a meeting would be convenei to take Wane in Manchester at an early date to considei 'the accommodation for lunatics in Lancashire Asylum. The CHAIRMAN thought the Board ought to be repre- sented at any conference to consider this matter. It was decided that the Board should be represented by the Chairman and Clerk. THE TEIREATENED SCHOOL BOARD.

The CLERK reported that he had received instructions from the Eiucaton Department to give notice of the deficiency in the school accommodation at Warrington,' A. copy of the notice was produced and it referred to the need of a new school for 250 bays, 250 girls and 300 infants in Marshhousc-lane near Coney's corner ; a new school for Ibo infants near the corner of Bewsey- road and Lovely-loos ; additional accommodation for 100 and 150 ;intants near S. Barnabas' School sod St. James (L stchford) Church respectively.—The Clerk said he proposed to publish this notice on Sunday next. The CLIAIRMAN : Is not that the first notice prelim- inary to ordering a achool board ? The CLERK : This is really the first step. The CHAIRMAN : It is purely a Worriagton matter, but I suppose it is done through you ,as clerk of the Union ?

The CLERK : That is so. The CuatismeN I threatens us with a schorl board for the town unlist the accommodation is provided ? The CLERK Yes. This is the first notice. THE SUBSCRIPTION TO THE NURSING ASSOCIATION. A letter was read from the Local Government Board approvine of the subscription of .820 per annum to the District Nursine Association. VACCINATION OFFICER APPOINTED.

The Beard then proceeded to consider the applications for the position of public vaccinator for the district lately held by Mr JH Gornall(decessed)divided as under: —(1) That part of the township of Warrington on the easterly side cf the road leading from London to the north. 2) That part of the township of Warrington on the westerly sid of the road leading from London to the north including the whole of what was the townihio of Latchford and now merged in the township of War- rington. with the townships of Cuerdlef, Great Sankey and Penketh. The candidates a ere Dra Braide. Fox, Nuttall, Peacock, Henry Spins, S2phtort, K'shY. James Bennett, Geary and Lstharn (Eirle,,town), and J Leopold Denson.

Mr KNOWLES -aakeri whethor the apppiatmect carried a sUpetannuatiOn allowance ?

Tlio CHAIRMA-N-:---:

_ It was decided to reduce the numb. of candidates by show of hands. Accordingly each candidate was voted upon and the three gentlemen who obtained the highest number of votes were left in for the final decision. The appointment of a vaccination offioer for No. 1, district was made first and toe choice of the members fell upon Dr Peacocko who as appointed to the position. The Guardians then prObeeded with the appointment of a vaccination officer for No 12,district and the competition in this Case was much keener. After a show of hands had been taken it was found that the three gentlemen who had secured the highest number of votes were Dr. Braide, Dr. James Bennett and Dr. Fox. Mr l'im.rso then urived the appointment of Dr Braide, Mr A Jomity. seconded. Mr KNOWLES moved an amendment that Dr James Bennett be appointed and stated that next to Dr Braide he had the largest number of votes. The 11v J II RIDDETTE seconded and stated that ha approved of the policy of bringing in a new man. Dr Bennett was a young man who had many claims upon their consideration. The Rev FATHER WrLsox supported the amendment as he tnought the patronage et the Board ought to be distributed. Mr IliwroN;said he understood that Dr Braids, was willing to give up one appointment he held if ho got the other. Mr ASHCROFT : N 7,, Mr PILLING said Dr Braide would give up his ap- pointment as medical officer at any time. The CHAIRMAN said it seemed to him that the appointments ran very well together. It must to borne in mind, that their medical offi-ers had private practice and it was absurd to suppose that because they visited a person, all the neighbours would think they were attending in their capacity as poor law officers. On a vote beicg taken it was found that 14 voted for the appointment of Dr James Bennett, of Padgrate and 11 for Dr Braide. Dr Bennett was accordingly appointed Vaccination officer for No. 2 district. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

ST. THOMAS'S Fc RIPTrRE READING UNION.—Thif monthly meeting was held on Sunday last in the Girls. School. It was well attended, and an excellent address was delivered by Miss Green (of the Railway Men's Mis- sion). The Vicar, the Rev..flarry V. Pigot,was present HILL CLIFFE AND STOCKTON BF.ATH UNITED BAND 01? RUE. —Toe third public meeting ot the session was held on Monday evening, in Hill Gaffe Schoolroom, when Mr Sberburne d !lighted his audience with the lantern. The room was crowded. The following programme was thoroughly enjoyed, each item being well given and very effectively illustrated with the aid of the lantern : Opening hymn, " Merry Dick" ; reading " Buy your own cherries," Mr Sherburne; song," Daddy," Miss E Sherburne ; recitation, " While the Sabbath Bells are ringing," Mr G Whitfield ; song, " The Little Hero," Mr F Sherburne ; reading." A Wboltsome Meal," Mr Sher- burne ; song, " The Children's Horne," Miss Hellas ; recitation, " The Fireman's Wedding," Mr George Wait- field ; song," Ora pro nobis," Miss E Strange ; recita- tion," Jack's Hard Lamp," Harold Moore ; song, "Tne Last Milestone," Mr F Sherburne ; duet, " Load, kindly Light," Miss Whonie Jones and Mr Grorge Moss. Several humorous slides were thrown on the screen to the in- tense delight of the little folks, the proceedings closing with the humorous temperance dialogue, "Sarah Sprigg's Choice ; or, I won't marry a Drinker," wlaich was well interpreted by the senior memb;rs and pro- voked roars of laughter. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Sherburne and the friends who had con- tributed to the evening's enjoyment, on the proposition of Mr A H Dunn, sectrAed ioy Mr Bennett, bringiog a i very pleasant evening to a close. S.veraL pledges were taken.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S AFFLICTIONS..

MANY LADIES SAY VENUS SEAWEED TONIC IS "MAGIC ITSELF." SYMPTOMS. 1. Do you feel as though something was pressing down on the top ot your bead ? 2. Have you aching pains in the back ? Do your ankles swell when you stand for a time ? 3. Have you palpitation of the heart with a dull pain under the heart?

4. Da you feel an aching pain between the shoulders or pains in the head and face ? b. Are you excitable aril nervous? 6. Is your appetite p)or ? Da you pass sleepless nights ? Are you easily tired ? Da you feel low— spirited ? 7. Do you feel a dragging down feeling with pains is the limbs ?

shooting

8. D 3 you suffer from habitual constipation and female weaknesi ?

If so—Veno's Ssaweed Tonic will cure you. It has cured many ladies who had suffered many years. All • these symptoms indicate a derangement of the whole vital organism. There is something wrong. Veno's Seaweed Tonic will put you right. It cures by acting constitutionally, by regulating and bringing into a normal condition the whole vital system. It is peasant , to take, effective in action, and permanent in the re- sults obtained, especially in cases of habitaal consti- pation. FUNGOID TUMOR AND FEMALE WEAKNESS WITH GREAT PAIN, DIZZINESS AND SICKNESS MADE WELL BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Joseph Llrighorn. Brafferton, Darlington, writes December 20:1), 1893 :—My wife was a great sufferer with weakneea and female trouble. She could not keep anything on ber stomach, and suffered with severe head- . aches and pains in the back and side. She was so weak 'she could har ily walk. She was under doctor's treat- ment for 16 weeks but got no relief. She said she would not bother with them any more. I heard your lecture in the Mechanics Institute, Darlington, and when I went home I told her I thought you could do her good. The next day she came to you in a cab; you told her you did not think you could cure her complete- ly, but that you could make her better,and after taking your Seaweed Tonic for eight weeks she discharged something which I took to you, and you said it was a Fungoid Tumor. The sickness cease I as soon as she discharged the obstruction. She was able to retain her toed, and I am thankful to say that she is able to go about and do a little work. You did what you said you would do, and allow me to thank you once more for what you have done to my wife, hoping many more may have the pleasure to thank you for your medicine. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC is guaranteed to cure ailments arising fromthe stomach, • liver, kidneys, and blood, especially successful in female ailments and constipation. A valuable book accompan- ies each bottle. Price 14. lid. and Si, per bottle. Sold by Boots, Ltd, Warrington ; Peake, Earlestown and Newton ; Weston and Co., Runcorn ; Wallbridge, chemist, .1 W Jackson, chemist and druggist, St Helens; and all chemists and medicine vendors everywhere.

WARRINGTON. Holy Trinity Church Sale of Work. The total proceeds of the sale of work in aid of the Factory-yard 3iiBsion and for other church purposes amount to £l3O. Warrington Male .Voice Choir.—Presentation

===== 0002601_19011206_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
.to the do-nd-u.c.f-o-r..

A social evening was spent by the members of the above choir in the Workingmen's Mission Schools, Thewlis-street, on Monday, the object being to pre- sent the conductor,Ofr S Hassell, with a baton. Mr Greenleaves occupied the choir. Mr Millington, in making the presentation, spoke very highly;ol the services rendered by Mr Hassell, and expressed the pleasure the choir had in making that slight recog- nition.—Mr Hassell very suitably responded. Solos, duets, and choruses were rendered by Miss Taylor (soprano), Mrs Hannon (contralto), and the mem- bers of the choir. The accompanists were Miss R Tilling, Miss Gough and Mrs F Atkinson. Altogether a very enjoyable evening was spent. Refreshments were provided, to which ample justice was done. Votes of thanks were passed to the Misses Birch, Strange, and Hassall for the admirable manner in which the repast had been prepared. "Love, Courtship and Marriage." A lecture-recital was given in the Spiritualist Hall, Bewsey-street, on Monday evening by Mr Will Phillips, of Manchester, editor of the '' Two Worlds," on the above subject. The meeting was promoted for the benefit of the Lyceum. Mr Stout occupied the chair, and briefly introduced Mr Paillips. The subject was treated in a very inter- esting and instructive manner. The lecturer first gave some of the many definitions of love, and fol- lowed with remarks upcn the noblest and purest forms of love—child love,varental lovel&c. On the subject of courtship be gave some excellent advice original and selected, and in dealing with marriage pointed out the importance of making a careful selection of partners, and the necessity for a thor- ough understanding of each others' traits acid char- acters if happiness was to be the result. The lecture was at times very humorous and at others equally grave, and the various points were illustrated by a number of readings from various authors, and also by the following songs : " Doctor Dan," " The Darkie's love," and the " Skippers of St. Ives."

MANCRESTEM POIILTRIC AND PIGEON Snow.—The 3rd annual great show of prize; poultry, pigeons, rabbits, cats, cavies and:mice.under the distinguished patronage of Her Majesty the Qgeen, is t 3 be held in St James's flail, Oxford-Areet, Mane.hester. on Friday, Saturday and Monday,the 20:h, 21st,,ind 23rd ot December. The prices of admission are 2i 61 after one o'clock on Friday and is all day Saturday and Monday. There are up- wards of 5.000 entries including some of the leading exhibits in the United Kingdom. The entries are from North, South, East and West, practically from John o'Groat's to Land's•Eocl. A sale of prize poultry and pigeons is to be held on the Saturday in conjunction with Manchester Show. List year the sale of the famous stud of Eoglish owls belonging to Mr Arnold Gillett, ot Chorley, was a great success, 236 birds realis- ing £1,600, the highest price given for one bird being £57. The record price for birds claimed at Manchester Show is pigeons a Carb Back claimed in 1899 for £lOO, and poultry, Plymouth Rock, Cockerel, claimed in 1900, for £5O. Excursion trains are being run from all parts to the Show and it would b 3 well for people interested to make a note of the dates. ELASTIC STOCKING!, Kars Cars,ltc.—For Varicose Veins and all cases 01 Weaknes. and Swelling of the Legs, Spraina ; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive. and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s 6d, is 6d, and lOs 6d each.—Postsges free.—WHITE AND WRIGHT Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers, 93, Renshaw-street. top of Bold-street, Liverpool.

PICTURE FRAME; ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest Stock of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERS 13301. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarged ta 150 Pages, JUST PtIBLISHito. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Stock lists free on application. 11 MORELL. 17 and 18, CREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDONI W.C. . . Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address ; —'• Rabbitry, Lonion,"

===== 0002601_19011206_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
.. i, '- •;: 4 - , . . p 7 i 1 0 i 1,. f fr. t i. .1 .': IV • • ; '.'.,. l• I . ` ''..1.'1 I ~• ! ' ~. , E 4 '' '1 • ''• i' ;`. : 1 t . .. . ~ I, I ..,, ..._ ..- ' .. ! : i . 1 , ' ' 7 t . ‘• ~. , ~.,, 1 ' .. . , 1 1 1 1 I ) , 1 1. • ! . 1 : " 1 , '. , t , t , . i P ,-

I

===== 0002601_19011206_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
U

===== 0002601_19011206_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt "Cpunurr Ames

rirJE " WA.RRINGTON AND MID-CH RE ESHI EIAMIXEB." published every Saturday morning. T" " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" "Sr. HELENS ExenirxEs," published every Friday afternoon. THE "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One cbarge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS.

WANTEDS. it TO BE LETS 1.8 WORDS VD., ON SALES, And 3d for each succeeding 9 words Tbe above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. BO adver- tisement inserted on credit under 23. per insertion.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Elowitstir &trl3ants, ett.

WANTED EXPERIENCED GENNEAL for the Kitchen. Apply RED LION INN, Newburgh. Southport.

WANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT ; small family.— Apply" Ferndale," FresbEeld-road, Formby. . . .

WANTED. young GIRL as useful help to assist in house and business.-277, ROCHDALE-ROAD, Manchester.

WANTBD, clean GI ELL about 16 or 18, for a small house. Apply 8, EDMUND-STREET, Oldb.all-street, Liverpool.

W ANTED respectable Girl, about 16, to assist with house- . wok.—M3. YORKE. 7, Grandidge 3treet Rochdale.

WANTED MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN to look after family four.—Apply E. LOMAX, 670 Liverpool-road, Platt ridge.

WASTED. a COOK. Protestant able to give satisfactory references. Late dinnere.—Apply MRS. BROWN, Mere Oaks, Wigan.

-WANTED General SERVANT, country girl preferred; age about 20.—Ref erences BORIS'S BOOT SHOP, 57, Park-road. Wigan.

WANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT. age 18 to 20 ; small family —Apply Mrs. SmlTH,Parkfield, Penning- ton. Leigh, Lancashire.

WANTBD YORNG PEROL 18 to 23 for dining room, kitchen and bakehouse: live in : good home. —lO, LITTLE UN DERBINX, SIOCIEDOrL.

AVANTBD. good GRNNUAL SJIRVANT tor small tamtly ; good wages ; state age.—Address Mn. O'BRIEN, 44, Fern Grove, Lodge-lane. Liverpool.

AOOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country olitar ANT write or call to MISS HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1882. -

AvANTED. good GENERAL SERVANT, age about 25, an early riser. Must have good references.—Mrs .AGgLEY. Mathieson's Works. Widnes. WANTED COOK-GENERAL. small family, nurse and wasberwoman kept, reference required. —Address Mrs WHALLEY, Rock Mount Blackburn.

Ai4TANTED, good GENERAL ; able to wash; country girl preferred ; Pt otestant.--BOOTEL'S REMEITRY OFFICE, 19, Knatsford-road, Latclaford. Warrington.

WANTED. GENERALS and GIRLS, beet places; excel- lent wages.—Call or write to Atlas HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

NI/ANTED Immediately. Good COOK-GENERALS, V Manchester. Chester, Ito ; NURSE for Southport.— Mrs POWELL, Regietry, St Johmstreet, Chester.

VT TED, yoang GENERAL; small washing; know- ledge of cooking not necessary. Homely place.— Apply Mrs Prat/IE, Galisbrow, flixton, near Manchester. _ _

WNTEDA ,good GENERAL SERVANT. about 20, able to wash ; good references required.—Apply Miss liows.ans, 779. Atherton-road, flindley Green, near Wigan.

WANTED COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, WAITRESSES, for V V Manchester ; excellent wages ; call or write to MISS Hsammos, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WAND COOKS, BOUSIMAIDS, Nurses. Sevens Generale. Some for Master and Mistress only.— BOTTOMLEY'S REGISTRY. Morley-street, Bradford. Yorkshire.

WANTED Smart Active YOUNG WOMAN, from the country as Cook-general; age about 24. Mast have good references.—Apply first by letter 16/ WIGAN-LANE, Wigan.

WANTED COOK (good plain) beginning of January. Protestant, abstainer,comfortab e home, kitch enmald, state wage.—YLße MATHWIN, Bic s erton House School, Southport. _ _ .

_ XPERIENCED N ale And Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES IxsTinr- TION, 70, Rope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

WANTED immediately Goad GENERAL for small family. Comfortable home and good wages to sapable person. Half-an-hour rail from Birkenhead.—lttra KELLY, Crosby House, Parkgate Chest:lire.

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT; good wages and corn- !ortable home tor a suitable perion.—Apply by letter only.—With toll particulars.--Msta TAYLOR. 9, Elm-road, Dldstury, near Manchester.

Eo be ?Let.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4e Cd.. 3s. 9d. and Es. Ed. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, EL room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' Telephone—No 55.

Tin it C. n.

TO LET.—HOUSE, DERBY-STRBET, tent 48 6d.- Apply WoonB AND So's. Solieitore,liorsetuarket-et.,Warrington.

BLACKPOOL S.S.—At low valuation, Good COMPANY HOU ; near sea and trams; present occupier retiring —9. TRAFILGAR-ROAD.

CILD-BSTABLISHRD BLACKSMITH'S SHOP and YARD to be Let ; tools and 12 hindcarts and 1 band van FOR SALL-40. STRETToRD—RoAD, Manchester.

TrO LET.—SEMI-DETACHED VILLA. two Entertaining 1 4 Bedrooms. Bath ; inclusive rent £2B.—Dromss HARDING, Orford-road, Warrington.

TAIURBISHED PRIVATH HOUSE. Two sitting four bed _l[ rooms, every convenience. Winter terms.-58, BUR- I.INGTON-HOAD, South Shore. Blackpool.

fro LET. STABLE and COACHHOUSE, with lofts over J. large yard attached off Tannersane.—Appiy WOODS & SOS Solicitors, 55, If orsesoarketstreet, Warrington.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND

DECORATORS, BI G TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OCEEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). MTH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VARNISH. AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, Lc. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. LEST WORKMANSHIP. REASCNABLE PRICES. AeEFTEI YOB ",WELSBACH "INCANDESCENT LIGHTS.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES yrxE.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIuARETTES, SNUFFS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, BWAN-STREET, ISIANCHESTBIB Eztatlimed 68 Years.

i/ottls, Vporos, MoarZitng estab.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTIYO OF ALL DESCRIPTI ONS

WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH. INVOICES, BI.INESS CARDS, CIRCULARS, MEMORA.IsTDI:3IS,

POSTERS, WIND° W-BILLS, AND CIRCULARS.

ACCOUNTANTS AND SOLICITORS' REPORTS.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTEXS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. EDUCATIONAL WORKS AND CIRCULARS.

FAMPDLETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &C. JoEN WALKER & CO, EXAMINER OFFICE,

MEM

===== 0002601_19011206_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1:1;

===== 0002601_19011206_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
'

.

;

I

,

'

•

:

, t. • • ' 't.t- • , 141" "4.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
7Libt „Stock

SPLENDID Hartz Roller CANARY ; in full rolling song day and night; is 6i; safely packed.—R. Laurie:A, 30, Freehold-street, Rochdale. PIGHONS ON S&LS for shooting any number from 20 to 1 300. particulars and prices.—Apply to BCKERELEY, Ivy House Farm, Lowton, Newton-le-Willows.

'bare.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
&toast ucsintoo, nt.

£55 WILL BUY BUTCHEICS BUSINESS ; splendidly fitted ; 10s. a week clears all--GOY, 48, W hel- stone-lane, Blrlonhead., "VCR SALE.—TOBACCONIST AND SWEET BUSINESS. 12 Main street ; terms moderate.—Apply J WILDE, 26, Briso-street, Earlestown.

et 00D BABTHEPWARB, Lamp Oil, and Hardware Busi- -1,11 ness to be Disposed of ; rent 7s 6d clear ; reasonable offer accepted.-46, Bedford-street, Hulme, Manchester.

ebutatton.

1 THIVBIISITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—A most succes ful Boarding School for Boy.. T lanEnwoon, LL D.. D.C.L.•

Ar R.:HARRY EXAM, Tenor Vocalist is open to accept _L engagements. For terms pply 25, RA.WLINS-STBEET, Fairfield, Liverpool.

gtalts bp illribatt Ertatp

,—aliNT'S Hall-marked Silver Curbed Albert, every I link stamped.—J. C. Ccs, Holbeaeh,,

lADY will sell 12 yards beautiful Black Silk, 255. 1.4 DAVIES, 10 Cambridge-road, London, B.

i CHRISTMAS CAROLS. music and words, post free, IV 44. W AHD, 137, Atterdiffe Common, Sheffield.

LIOR XlKAS.—Carnegle,Ophlr. Kitchener, 8.P., and Butler JI.: Ties, Is ld.—Joiirt HINDS, IS Stockwell, road, London.

300 BULBS. free, 2s 9cl, 100 Crocus,Snowdrops.Single Dandila—Hora's STORES, Harold-road, Hastings.

LAUNDRY.—Glazing linen like china. No Polishing irons, also stiffening.—Write LAUNDRY. 134, Liscard, Cheshire

VAULRNERS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and Clover.—Apply, FAULKNER% Merchants, Peadlebury,

Manchester.

ADDIS' 9ct. GOLD WATCH ;AND ALBERT, £3 3...4 splendid bargaia —G. B. FowLEs, 98, Durham -ro ad Birmingham.

TOLJN STRINGS.—I will send a good set of gut strings, V 10d., post free. money returned if not satielled.—fanalt. Eaton, Oakham.

PPTCHWORK.—Aatounding value Large parcel of moat lovely Silks. poet free for is ; worth tre bIe.—SETTLE, 34, Welt Green-road, London.

-- A LL Amateur Gardeners and others should try aIINNER'S Watering Stick, a nove!ty.—GurolE6 & Co., Wylye, Wilts, (6 stamps). Agents wanted.

A GENTS Wanted, to sell Hardware, Jewellery. Furniture. It Clothing, goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue free.—BERRIDGE & Co., 99 Birmingham.

MARKING-INK, Indelible Black. Bottle, containing three times usual quantity, post free, 6d.—PAGE AND Co., 13 Fore-street Avenue. London, B.C.

DRITAIE Uhristmas 'Cards printed with own wording in 1. Gold. name and address, from Is 6d per doz ; sample book sent,—THONIAS BROTHERS & CO,. Printers, 34, 35, and 37 /I verton-rosd, Liverpool.

TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, two Freehold .1 Shops with workshops. Nos 15 and 17 Mill-street and King-street. Warrington.—Apply Messrs DAVIEs and Foam:caw, 42. Sankey-street. Warrington.

NNETTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Galli Nets, Sparrow sets, Tennis Nets and same Nets of every description. Tantee JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

I GALWAY, WHOLESALE SKIN AND HAIR MER- L/ • CHANT, and Tallow Manufacturer. St. Helens.—To Poulterers, Rabbit Salesmen and Skin Dealers. Best prices in the trade paid for Rabbit and Hare Skins ; best Wilds, 20. 31. dozen ; Rocks, Is. 3d, dozen ; Suckers, 71. dozen. Prompt attention, cash settlement and Civility; Contracts made ; shops regularly attended to on receipt of postcard. [ —GALwAY, St. Helens Ii sufficient address.

gPaleg bp tlyivate Zrtaip

pROOKERY-403 Articles for 32s 6d. Price lists free.— BENSRTT, Lb Broom-street, Hanley, Staffs.

OPEN-AIR TREATMENT OF CONS UMPTlON.—Budg- wick Sanatorium, Sussex. Pure, bracing air; good, results. 21 guineas weekly.—Apply HESIDENTIL PHYSICIAN.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Professor b_ Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. .0 WY, HARMONY, COUNTER

yl onst cs , Carnagto &r.

ITANSONI ON SALE ; innate-fronted ; in good condition; by Marston.—Dr ANDEBTON, Ormskirk.

COE SALE. a. good Massive HEARSE, with glass sides ; .12 imitable for toWn or country.—Apply, DAVIES. Tyn-y- Coed, Wrexham.

(AN SALE, PONY. 12 hands. quiet to ride and drive and 1...1 very free driver, also governess cart and harness.— ALFRED FLATHEONE, Grocer. Newtown, Wigan.

anttb.

'NU-ANTED (inners' SERVANT, 15 to 18.-2, ARDWICK V TERRACE. Stockport-road. Manchester.

A GENTS Wanted.—Penny goods -, sample 3 dozen, is 6d; gross, SE—NOVELTY Co.(S.T.), 67 Spear-st.,Mancheeter.

PHONITABLE HOMH WOK; either sex; no references required.—Write H KNITTING Co., 50, High Holborn, London,

A GENTS wanted everywhere to sell the Ideal ' Filter.— .1-1. Write for sample, MANAGER, 77, Cavendish-street, Sheffield.

BREP DRIPPING, WANTED any quantity, state price and quantity per week.--fieRGREAVE. 8, Booth-street. West Mancnester.

147 ANTED TO RHNT Small COUNTRY CORN MILL (not flour) ; House attached ; water power preferred. —WINDER. 10. MedlOCk-street, Hulme. Manchester.

IAIARLESIOWN. WANTED a 111.11311VOnttiI YOULIU 1:4 WOD&AN to manage neaton's Toffee Stall in Earles- town market, Friday's only.—Apply to day 6.30 p.m.

WAR MEDALS wanteil. dated IE4B, given ; also Arctic, Red River, Firket, Atbare., Idatabele, Maehona, Fenian Raid, rte.—Major TOMBS, Droitwidh.

AGENTS WANTED, to sell Hardware, Jewellery, Furniture, Clothing, Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRIDGE AND CO. (102). Birmingham.

ROCHE'S HERBAL ESIBROCATION.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

. _

horse

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 6 1901

litoncp.

GAS IIfiGINRS.--i, 1 and 2 Horsa Power, up to date and Irellable.—CALVEßT,Mbert-rd., Levenshulme,Manehetter.

CATALOGUES. CIRCULARS. EIANDBILLS. MAGAZINES. ESTIMATES FURNISHED FOR ADDRESS LABELS.

PROGRAMMES OR FETES, &c. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES:OF WORK. JOIN WALKER AND CO., BrOVSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

"A. WONDERFUL WATCH.".

50s.

A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVB ENOLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID siLvart HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fist in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNt OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona fine Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., we tc.hmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to 11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and Ealerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED rou SALE. New and Srcond-lrand Fnrniture and miler Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture. &c . warehousea,

A. AND J. NILAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. _ _

One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Zewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing 00ml:dried. A CHOICE SELECTION of GRNUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, Sm.. Ac„ always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAR9AINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac. AC

- I

We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY POSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

JEWELLERY REPAIIIS-.—ilieviaiiOns and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Priet.s in Liverpool for told Chains.

A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, &o. GOLD and sILVER WATC FIRS. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets.

11LAINES,

• RICHMOND SIREET, -.L.IVERPOOL.

_ EADE S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. "Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 53, New Lloyd-street, Kirkstalbroad, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored ma to health."— M. Kelly, 58, Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S Gota PILLS CURE SCIATICA.. "Your pills cured me in two days."—E J Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace, Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,LeedS, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. "I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, E"E'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philip Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. P"'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your Dills and soon got relief.'—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, Manchester, E ADE'S GOUT PILLS. mit SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxford•etteet, Coalville East. Leicestershire. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURB, " After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-oottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Sussex. EADE'S GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a Rhos; if that is BO yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar. EADE'i GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, is. ltd. and ES. 9d.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE EADE, 232. Goswell-road. London.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE',S OHLORODYNE.

THE ORIGIN/J:115 ONLY 'GENUINE. CfiLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the moat wonderfalLand valuable remedy ever di. nvered.

PHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for v.) congb., Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CiILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Choiersand Dysentery. CLILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. O.HLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- N./ gia, Rheumatism, flout, Cancer. Toothache, Meningitis,

From Dr. B. J. Bouvrox AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-apaamodio. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses . this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effect s. _

ENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER

e• "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Oonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was ORLORO- DYNR."—See Lancet. lit December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. C.trr,m24.—Vtee-Obaneenor Sir W. P.ow WOOD stated that Dr. j. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor t f "OHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately,antruea which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. 1V.., 2s. 9d., and 41. 6d. None Is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNR" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm lug Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

Telegrams, Kenmil." Telephone, 1,746. -- BUSINMS HOURS, 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2)

LETTER I HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS J ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE ATTENDED TO AT Ba, ST. JOHN-STREET, DEANSGATE.

KENDAL, MILNE, & -CO., MANCHESTER,

TOWLE'S C HLORUDYNE Renowned for I S CH LORODYNE rpowLE 2 coeu=. BRoNcatITIS. 1 TOWLE'S CHLORODY NE Asthma, 1 r-r• INFLUENZA. I 1 OW LE'S CH LORO DYNE 24 dSoresrilos.r 26. rOW LE'B C HLORODY NE

ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs in GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRITSTWORTIir TIMEKEEPERS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men. £2 Si. (Guaranteed). A Very Large Selection of CLOCKS. SILVER and ELECTRO PLATE. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

T HE Runcorn Examine.., published Friday morn' lug. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn" lug. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical , Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub° Baled every Saturday morning,

TE Earle:town and Newton _Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

TIIE St. Helens Bxaminer, published every Frids/ afternoon.

THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTIVIENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALKe One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 E 7 asl.. O. ... Es. 64. ... 4s. Od. 45 54

===== 0002601_19011206_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19011206_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

DECEMBER 6TE 1901.

A feeling of disappoint- The Policy ment has resulted in smile Of Roosevelt. quarters from the staid and sober nature of the Message which President ROOSEVELT has sent to the' Congress of the United States. True, the PRESIDENT had prepared people for this by pointedly declaring that he would not in any matter change the policy of his predecessor. But there were two topics upon which even the policy of President McKim,cv promised to be Sensational. He promised, or threatened, legisla- tion on Trusts and reciprocity. Both of. these subjects have been tackled by the new PRESIDENT and it is evident that some kind of action will be taken with regard to them during the session of Congress. If the references to them are couched in mild and measured tones, it is quite possible that that only shews the PRESIDENT'S caution in I avoiding unnecessary alarm on approaching what , are admittedly subjects of great difficulty. At the same time, there may be more in the declarations of Mr. ROOSEVELT than meets the eye. He alr • proaches the question of Trusts with a studied , regard to the sensibilities of the capitalists, for he - defends them from much that has been un- justly and unwisely said against them. The PaEsiDENriapproaches the subject as the head of a great industrial nation, and therefore of , a great capitalist people; and he asks whether it would not be a wise thing, when these great cor- porations are formed, to see that they are not over-capitalised, and that the investor has good • security for his money, and is protected fronv various kinds of fraud which result from the

"crime of cunning." Most assuredly.' But thie ' is not exactly the kind of reform for which the worker and the small manufacturer hoped and the great capitalist feared. It may be,:however, that, having disarmed the saspicion and opposition Of' the honest capitalist, he will proceed to more drastic operations. He goes on to point e'itt what is quite true,that what these Trusts require is not suppression, but control. They are a greet public necessity—like the tarift,which most Ameri cans swear by—an outgrowth, an effect, and also ' cause of great growing industrial development. They bring their benefits, but they have also their evils; and what they require is supervisioe• Beyond this President ROOSEVELT Will not go et present. Granted the necessity for control aria supervision, the next necessity is information, col' lected in a calm, dispassionate spirit. This ma appear slow, but perhaps it may be the surest wa to reform in the long run, if the PRESIDENT honest; and his record points that way. Ile will therefore establish a department like our 00' Board of Trade, under a Cabinet Minister WO . will be designated the Secretary for Commerce and Industries, and it will be the duty of tbier official to keep himself informed of the workingl c'' the great corporations into which capital is BO combining. He does not say what kind of legir lation will follow in the interest of the workrae°' who will be more than ever at the mercy of ale . capitalists' combination. Perhaps with the fact! '. I that are accumulated the necessity and nature o' . this will become self-evident. In the meantime,* Protectionist sop is thrown to the workmen. '45, the manufacturer is protected from the coraPer - tion of foreign imports, the workman is to be Pre tected against the importation of Chinese le1)011: and peopl9 of low moral tendency, Anarchists/an those of an unsavoury reputation, those who naV7 ; not an intelligent appreciation of American just] tutions, a capacity to earn "an American living, I , [ and a certain amount of mosey to start This is supposed to save the workman from Undll competition; but how it is to be done does not seem clear at first sight. Like the reciproci.t9 which is to be introduced to modify high tart wi.th charges, it appears both incongruous in principila and unworkable in practice. It reaY America, for all that. Rather, an attempt mar. be made to work it out in the absence. of sae work ont I thing better.

a ,f a

io of it

THE clericals are pre- The New Education Bill and Clerical Claims. paring to present 0 their claims to the Government, whom they seem to take it for granted have committed themselves to the State support of their schools, more or less complete. CARDINAL VAUGHAN has issued a statement of the Catholic claim signed by him on behalf of himself and the Rotran Catholic Bishops of the Province I, of Westminster,in which care is taken to lay down the principles which ought to guide them on the question of the control of elementary and secon- dary education of the County Councils. The first of these is a sweeping one, which quite obviously abolishes the necessity for voluntary subscriptions or religious institutions, for " they take for granted that the payment of public moneys, whether derived from the rates or the taxes, will be made equitably to the maintenance of all schools fulfilling the educational conditions, irres- pective of creed." The second is like unto it, for it " considsrs it essential " that representatives of "the great educational interests that have grown up with the Education Department " should be co-opted on to the Education Com- mittees, to see that the clerical schools get their full share of the public money. It will be observed that it is also taken for granted that while " interests that have grown ‘up with the Education Department are to be thus tenderly cared for, the representatives of the ratepayer, and the greatest educational interest of all, the public schools, are quickly elbowed aside. True, they are to descend to this heterogeneous com- mittee of all the creeds, who will regard them as " their own," but nevertheless a bastard progeny; and lest a more favourable feeling should by some chance grow up Catholic representatives are to be on their guard. Each school association must therefore have one representative on the com- mittee. The councils who supply the funds may have a representation on the board of management 'for sanitary, financial, and scholastic purposes " in a porportion " not exceeding one in three." So that the priests and the parsons will have the teaching matter to superintend, and will be in- vested with such important powers as the appointment and dismissal of teachers, while the Council representatives will have the pleasure of paying the bill out of the rates and taxes. A truly ideal system of "Christian schools "—from the clerical point of view. Similar claims though not in such excellent detail, are made of the Anglican Church in resolutions passed at a joint meeting of the Diocesan Boards of Education tor London Rochester, and St .Albans, held at Westminster. A curious feature is disclosed in the statement of the Anglicans' case. It is an admission that the Voluntary system has failed. "Immediate and substantial relief to the voluntary schools, both in town and country," we are told, "cannot be longer delayed without immediate loss of many schools g, and hampered efficiency in all." There the murder is out. Notwithstanding doles and special privi- leges, the Volantary system cannot possibly hold out any longer; and lest it should be absorbed in the triumphant School Board system the latter is to be strangled and handed over half-dead to the tender mercy of the priests and the parsons to finish the operation. Perhaps the Nonconformist conscience will at last awake to see what its half- hearted acquiescence in the Voluntary system of Church schools is going to cost the nation in civil and religions liberty. Then it will begin to make unmistakable when it

is exerted.

)d to le

Just fifty years ago this week important events Were happening in earis. On December end, the c arefully-arranged coup (Tete, the crime of • Napoleon 111. which Victor Hugo has branded everlastingly, was carried out with almost ridi- culous ease, and during the night nearly all the ‘ independent members of the Chamber were . arrested and sent to the castle of Vincennes.Victor Lingo, though the object of special search, escaped ;• and spent the next few days waniering through the streets, alternately saddened at the indiffer- ence of the classes which brought about the e revolution of 1848, and shocked by the needless ;..and savage butchery of the Faubourg S. Antoine. 1, It was on December 3rd, 1851, that A.lphonse . Laudin, the Nantuan Deputy, taunted with his official salary, mounted a barricade in face of Louis Napoleon's troops, sayinc, : "I will show • you how to die for twenty-five i francs a day !" For once, however, heroism ,?,• Was not contagious. corruption had too well pre- i• pared the way of violence. The crime was bound i, to succeed, but inevitable stages led from its corn • raission to the terrible retribution of Sedan. There iS nothing more tragic in all history than the sequence of events from December end, 1851, to Ssptember end, 1870. There are some, it is true, Who still applaud and wouli fain imitate the policy of the coup d'etat. " Strange is it," as M. Blowitz writes finely to the Times, "that fifty years after that murderous day men assemble at a. banquet in Paris to celebrate it, and fanzy that t',11,_51, thus stifle the voice of history on a day '"Paped by it as accursed, the only possible a,"vantage of which is that it whitewashed the s 4- th Brumaire. History is inflexible, and cannot be muzzled or brihed. Its everlasting curse, Whatever the effrontery of the assassins ®f liberty, stigmatises them in the indignant eyes of pos- terity." Hugo has mad it impossible to recall the massacre of the Faubourg St. Antoine without remembering also Sedan.

Sir Hiram Maxim draws a clear distinction between a steerable balloon, such as that with which "M. Santos-Dumont has won the Deutsch I prize, and a flying-machine proper; and it is well to observe the difference. The distinction most ' people feel inclined to draw is such as exists between what is an accomplished fact and what still exists in the realm of fancy ; but this is not Sir Hiram's view at all. He thinks that M. Dumont has got as far as it is possible to go with the improvements on the balloon,but that a great Tuture still lies before the flying-michine. The future is not so distant, either, as one might sup- Pose, for according to the great inventor we have the material and the motive power all ready, as he had found in the course of some ex- periments. As these were described to be like skating without skates, or learning to ride a bi- cycle without the bicycle, the exact value of the experiments is difficult to gauge. What Sir Hiram aims at is a machine which, lin all Natures flyers, ie heavier than the air, and depends for its suspen- sory as well as its propelling power entirely on dynamic energy. Petroleum motors have been already developed sufficiently light to propel .. Machines which flew like birds, and as soon as we Ja ascertain how this power is to be advantage- ously employe I then we shall be able to fly. It is all delightfully simple. Now that we have the Material and the motor we only want skill and Pluck, plenty of cash, and a manceuvring ground. Weil, that is easy. But the flying has still to be demonstrated.

Winwick Asylum will shortly be the home of ever a thousand chronic lunatics. At the meet- -I.llg of the t Lancashire Asylums Board last week it Was announced that the institution would be °Pened at the end of the present year: ty an 4greement between the Commissioners in lunacy and the Lancashire Acylums Board the new iCS will be strictly reserved for chronic lima- These will be drafted from the several nnty asylums to Winwick and it is computed Qat there are sufficient chronic cases to fill the ' asylum, Their removal to Winwick will re-

T] es th Ley se I them s, MOT IS issue by him die Bish Lich care ought t ol of elet e County Lg one, wl ity for vo' tutions, f payment aom the ra ly to the ihe educati, The seem essential " educational the Educ )ted on to that the of the publi it is also ta ts that have 1 :partment are representativ test education: Ls, are quickly descend to thi, 1 the creeds, wh " but nevertheles nore favourable f, up Catholic rep ;uard. Each sch have one represe Cho councils who £ presentation on th( tary, financial, anC portion " not exc, the priests and the :fr ; matter to superin k with such impori ,ment and dismissal 1 representatives wi r the bill out of the r: system of " Christia ii point of view. Sim ch excellent detail, ar( ch in resolutions passe Diocesan Boards of hester, and St .Albans urious feature is disclos Anglicans' case. It is luntary system has fai astantial relief to the vol wn and country," we are alayed without inamediat: nd hampered efficiency in oat. Notwithstanding ( .eges, the Volnntary systel out any longer; and lest i the triumphant School Be L to be strangled and hand: tender mercy of the pri( finish the operation. Peni conscience will at last awe hearted acquiescence in ti Church schools is going t: and religions liberty. Tb "'lett that influance which is .3i Sexi) .° 111 a ea ou all Ala plu, Wei rim NV. Over IN of 4 was °Pena( agreen and tt, MYluca tics. T ty thei asyl,

===== 0002601_19011206_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--..m..mMIIIMMIO

===== 0002601_19011206_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ -...111

===== 0002601_19011206_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
The t and

f:

===== 0002601_19011206_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
, - Have the other asylums and enable the authorities to deal with fresh cases. The Asylums Board sought power to send cases direct from the Work- houses or their own homes to Winwick thus doing away with the expense of first sending them to one of the other asylums,but the Commissioners could not see their way to alter the agreement, contend- ing that advantage would be taken to send patients other than chronics, and for whom there was no proper accommodation. It will therefore be seen that the Winwick Asylum has been specially fitted for chronic cases and will be used exclusively for such patients. It is a sad commentary upon the times that such a huge establishment is required in Lancashire for the reception of lunatics who when once they enter its portals can never hope to leave it until death releases them.

The sad news reached Warrington on Thursday last week of the death from wounds received in action of Lieutenant John W Broadbent,an officer in the Imperial yeomanry, who was well-known here as the second son of Mrs Broadbent of Latch- ford. The war is responsible for many sad hearts and homes but how dreadful the constant loss of life really is we never realise until the name of some friend or acquaintance appears with its accompanying bald unsympathetic accuracy in the official casualty lists. Then the horror of war 'is brought home to us and we wish, as many thousands of anxious and grieving people do all over the British Empire, that the prolonged strife in South Africa was at an end. It is a bitter struggle unworthy of the life and treasure spent in it. The Boer race is almost annihilated while England has lost a terribly high proportion of the gallant fellows who have gone to the war there impelled by loyalty and devotion to the Mother Country.We are sure that the syMpathy of all our readers will be extended to Mrs Broad- bent and her family in their sudden, sharp, bereave- ment, together with the earnest hope that Fate may be kinder to those of Warrington's sons who are still at the front.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT

A Provincial Letter.

Nineteen hundred-and-two will be prominent in history as the Coronation Year of King Edward the Seventh, and in all parts of the Provinces may already be observed preparations which brook no delay, for duly celebrating the great event. It has been understood for months past that the Corona- tion.will take place in June, probably on the 26th and in fixing this month for to ceremony the pre- cedent set by Queen Victoria has been followed. Her late Majesty ascended to the Throne in June and was crowned on the 28th of June in the follow- ing year. In as much as the last Coronation took place sixty-four years ago two generations may be said to have passed in the interval. So that there is no wonder the r...eremonial,especially as it affects the rights of individuals, has to be carefully re- considered and settled. The whole country will look forward to the Wronation as a means of stimulating interest in our unique system of Con- stitutional - Government, and it will be a source of great satisfaction to the King and all his loyal subjects if it can be said before the evant comes round,that peace and prosperity have been restorel to South Africa.

--- As may have been gathered from previous notices in this weekly letter, the relations between miners and Coalowners, particularly in the South Wales district, are far from satisfactory. Mr A A Thomas M.P., for Merthyr Tydfil, has just been advising both•parties to settle their differences amicably, and not to encourage American competition by a general stoppage in the South Wales coalfield. The policy of stop-days, or " play " days, has brought matters to a crisis, and the "Times" correspondent said on Tuesday that the proceedings pending against the men's leaders appeared to involve a battle royal between employers and the South Wales Miners' Federation in respect of damages occasioned by the allege wrongful stoppage of work. The men's leaders now demand a Concilia- tion Board, with the maximum standard of wages; and the difference between the sliding scale ar- rangement and a Conciliation Board is, that under the former the sole determining factor in regulat- ing wages is the price of coal, whereas under the' latter the price forms but one, and not the most important factor. On the whole, Mr Thomas's ad- vice appears commendable and worthy of being acted upon, and while the miners would certainly do well to await the result of the appeals in the Aberdare cases before ordering other sop-days, the coalowners on their part may be asked to remember that Conciliation Boards have worked satisfactorily in other industriee, and why may they not in this?

Provincial Pat Stock Shows are to Smithfield what the skirmishers are to an army. The majority of the provincial, or: outpost contests have been de- cided, while the principal "engagement "in the Christmas campaign on the historic site at Isling- ton, is yet awaited. It is really wonderful how bravely the farmers who gravitate to these big annual shows manage to dissemble their misery. To the superficial observer.at Bingley Hall,Birming- ham,they appeared to be in the best possible spirits, notwithstanding the many reasons offered by their friends in a portion of the press why they should not be so. It has to be remembered, however, that the men who are mostly interested in the marvel- lous specimens of bovine architecture paraded on these occasions do not represent the class upon which agricultural depression usually has the greatest °effect. Me live-stock breeder is not to be in all instances confounded with the farmer who depends upon the produce of the soil for his liveli- hood. Certainly, farming and stock-raising are often combined,but it would be quite possible te be a stock-raiser without being an agriculturist. The cheapening of food stuffs, too, has rendered many of the stock-raisers iess dependent than ever on the results of field operations, though, as a matter of course, the run of a succuleat pastur- age is ' indispensable to their eventual success at the shows. It thus comes to pass that while agriculture generally may be floundering in a Slough of Despond,the stook-raising industry, though not a royal road to fortune, does not suffer so acutely from any prevalent depression. ' It may be mentioned in this connection as a notable fact, that the home supply of meat, generally ; speaking, shows no signs of expansion,although the I acreage laid down in pasture is extending. Indeed, if the home supply were not augmented by that from abroad, the result would be that some kinds of meat would rise to practically famine prices. But so long as the means of transit remain as they are, and so long as the refrigerating processes are efficient the home consumer need be under no apprehension that the prices of certain varieties of rash meat will rise.

From the Birmingham Cattle Show it is reported this week that the popularity of the Poultry Sec- tion is increasing. It was a happy thought to encourage at the great Christmas stock exhibitions an improvement in the breeding and feeding of poultry for the table, which at once opened up a vista of great possibilities for one of the minor cul- tures. The display of poultry on these annual occasions has now become a settled feature. Towards poultry-rearing for profit much attention has, in recent years, been directed. There are still critics who contend that poultry-breeding does not pay; but the weight of evidence is against that conclusion. Year after year we continue to pay enormous sums to our colonists,and to the foreigner for poultry. It is not very agreeable to think of these large amounts constantly finding their way out of the country ; and those who are best quali- fied to give an opinion on the subject tell us very distinctly that it is not at all necessary. It may be as well to remember, moreover, that within the last half-dozen years certain of the railway companies have done something, if not so much as may have been expsOted, or so much as they and other com- panies are yet willing to do, towards removing the difficulties which beset the disposal of the produce of English poultry-yards, by the introduction of easier rates.

--- Food Preservatives were much discussed, it will be recollected about the time of the "poisoned beer" scare some months ago, but the fact may not be so readily recalled that in 1899 a Departmental Com- mittee was appointed to inquire into the whole question of food preservatives. The committee, however, have now issued their report in the form of a portly blue-book; and it is obvious that such a production must bristle with controversial passages. This will probably be the case, also,when the recom- mendations come to be analysed by those qualified to speak for the trades most

===== 0002601_19011206_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
affected. As is well known, the consumption of preserved foods has grown to enormous propor- tions during the past decade or so and the processes invented are multitudinous. At this particular season of the year artificially preserved foods are in demand in all classes of households, from the highest to the humblest; but it is pi obsbly correct to say that toe consumer of modest means is the most important and the steadiest customer. So that the imposition of any limitation on the supply must have appreciable economic consequences. But even so the general health of the community must be safeguarded as far as possible, and it is with the view to strengthen these safeguards that the committee have reported. The general tend- ency of the report is to condemn the employment of certain preservatives now very largely used. Formalin, treatment with solicylic acid, the sophis- tication of milk by colouring substances and other matters are referred to at length, and the logical sequence of the committee's report, were its recom- mendations embodied in an Act of Parliament, should be the creation of a new sub-department of the Local Government Board, charged with the en- forcement of the new conditions regulating the we of preservatives and colouring matter in the foods concerned. Much, however, is expected from the development of refrigerating processes, which as yet are but at the preliminary and experimental stages.

MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. The above useful mission held another of its weekly concerts at the mission room before a large and appreciative audience. There was a splendid representative programme consisting of solos, duets,and instrumental selections. On the proposi- tion of Mr Shaw seconded by Mr S Cross a vote of thanks was passed to the artistes. The Chairman, Mr C Johnson, was also accorded a hearty vote or thanks on the proposition of Messrs. Leathwood and Shaw. _

--- --- TEA-MEETING AT THE MERSEY MISSION. On Monday an interesting meeting in connection with the above mission was held, over sixty mem- bers of the mission choir and friends sitting down to a substantial repast. At the conclusion several speeches were given, Mr Shaw and Mr J Stokes eulogising the services of the choir in high terms for their assistance in public worship. Mr W Shaw, lay reader, thanked the choir for inviting the Sun- day school teachers, Mr R Shaw, organist, respond- ing on behalf of the choir and Mr C S Leaks for the band. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. In zonnection with this class, tlr T Perry, before a moderate audience, delivered a capital essay on " A retrospect of the nineteenth century," on Wed- nesday evening. The essayist very ably showed how the world had moved ahead during the last hundred years and how the condition of society had much improved. Evolution, he contended,was apparent in every sphere of lire, and doubtless the next hundred years would see equally import- ant changes. Taxes dough heavy to-day were enormously heavy at the beginning of last century The newspaper was taxed to prevent its popularisa- tion and food was extravagantly dear while open criticism was checked by Acts of Parliament. A vote of thanks was passed to the essayist an the proposition of Messrs Dodd and Coventry. Mr Simister presided. A HUNGRY MAN AT RUNCORN.—ALLEGED THEFT OF A HAM. At the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday be- fore Mr E Imison (in the chair) and Mr R H Pus- nett, a middle-aged man named Henry Shaw, a stranger, was charged with stealing a boiled ham valued at 145 from the shop of Thomas Saunders, 52, Church-street, Runcorn, on Tuesday night. Another man Richard Dutton Johnson, was charged with receiving the same knowing it to have been stolen.—Thomas SaunClers, said that on Tuesday night he went outside to put the shutters up and on returning to the shop found the ham, a whole I one just boiled, missing. He did not know the prisoner.—Sergeant 'Gregory stated that at 10.40 the same might he met Johnson coming from a lodging house in Friar-street. He had under his arm the ham produced wrapped in paper. When questioned by witness he affirmed that he had received it from a man in the lodging- house, who told him to sell it. Witness then arres- ted Shaw and brought both to the police station. When charged Shaw admitted the theft.—lnspector Egerton asked for a remand to make enquiries about Shaw.—Both prisoners were remanded for a week.

FHB EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 6 1901.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
_ RUNCORN NOTES.

INDERFUL BOOTS, I boast.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT] Before School Board matters sink into the oblivion from which they will only emerge at the end of the next three years, there are one or two littlelincidents connected with the late campaign which are so interesting that it would be a pity were they never to figure in all the glory of print. A story which is creating no little amusement at ' the expense of a strong supporter of the " rate- payer's candidates," is just now going the rounds. Meeting the Rev. Alfred Wells a short time before the result of the election was declared, the person in question sarcastically asked the rev, gentleman had he got his " bunting "in his pocket ready to display at the right moment. Quick as a flash the minister turned upon his would-be tormentor, "No ! I have not " was the reply " but have you got any crape in yours? You'll need it before long." The prognostication proved correct and the would-be wiL retired vanquished like the gentlemen he supported.

---- " Father " (Chambers) asked a little boy after the result had been declared on Thursday last, " would you not rather be Littler (smaller) than Cunningham. "I-my-son (fmison) I would (wood:'—comment wouid be superfluous with such an enligh:ened body of ratepayers as we now

Avery spicy piece of information has just leaked out which, if correct, shows the folly of counting one's chickens before they are hatched. So certain, it is stated, were the supporters of the " ratepayers candidates" of winning the day that arrangements had been male to ring a peal of bells in honour of the:victory. Bunting, flags and streamers, too, so the story goes had been brought to Runcorn to decorate the committee rooms. The fog horn, had cleared its brazen throat, and was to join in the jubilee of sounds, while, last but not least, there was to be quite a triumphal procession to Weston Point, the residence of the " cleverest man uf the election," Unfortunately the dream was broken by Mr. Posnett beating Mr Cunningham and Mr Norman beating Canon Wood. The humili- ation was complete, and all the preparations were in vain. It was a bitter draught to ewallow, and on some constitutions it acted so violently that they relieved their feelings with writing hasty and "naughty " epistles to some of the leading Pro- gressives. Somehow or other the Voluntaryists take defeat quite unkindly. It has been asserted that the elec- tion has partel fast friends. It is to be hoped not. They should copy the example of the Vicar. In the Parish Magazine he declares his intention "to work with the opposite side if the Progressives will allow him." Why cannot all bury the hatchet for, at any rate, another three years, in the same gener- ous manner as the worthy Canon ?

-- Congratulations to our " Mayor " ! Mr Posnett is now the proud possessar of a sturdy son and heir. The interesting event took place a few days ago, and it is worthy ot note that a similar piece of goof tortune has not befallen any of the gentlemen who have been at 1 the head of the city fathers for over fifty years. This auspicious event will be signalized in the customary manner, and it is expected that in a few days Mr Posnett and his batter half will be preseated, on behalf of the town, with a handsome miniature silver cradle in commemoration of the occasion.

The Thelwall nuisance is still as lively as ever. It troubles the inhabitants rather more than the councillors but it puts both in a pugilistic attitude. Unquestionally Mr Linaker h right in asserting that unless the Council do something definite it I will find itself ere long in an awkward predica- ment. It would be far more businesslike if the Council were to ask for a Local Government Board inquiry into the cause of the nuisance and so arrive at something definite.

As will be seen from the report in another column of the Council's proceedings it has been determined to spend £1,400 on the Common and £2,150 on water works. Nortuan-road, too, is engaging the attention of the Council and ere long it may be expected to become, in the words of the poet, "A, thing of beauty, and a joy for ever.' The first portion of trees and shrubs, which Sir John Brunner so generously gave to the town, is to be planted in this road, and doubtless, when the trees are in full foliage, it will form a splendid and fitting avenue to the park. It should, of course, be distinctly understood, lest some ill-natured people think that the planting should be com- menced elsewhere. than Norman-road, that other important streets will come in for their fair share of these "leafy ornaments" in due course. Artistic embellishments are now the order of the day every- where and Runcorn, apparently, is not to be one whit behind other towns in this respect.

The district nurse, who plays such an important and beneficial part in the amelioration of the town's ills, has now taken up her residence in Lightburn-street. Those who are likely to require her services had better make a note of the address.

-- Once again the Cycle Club has shown what a magnificent impetus it can give to the C.H.F. when it chooses to do so. The balance sheet has just been banded to me by the secetary, Mr Booth, and it shows that the Cycle Parade and bsnd Contest have realized no less a sum than .£62 7a Id, which has been paid in to the credit of the fund, This substantial amount reflects the highest honour on all the workers connected with the parade and Runcorn, especially the working class, will be under e debt of gratitude to its wheelists which it can never adequately repay.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SALVATION AR'IIY, RUNCORN. On Sunday the 74th anniversary:of the Salvation Army was celebrated by the members of the Run- corn corps in the Barracks, High-street. The ser- vices were conducted by Mr Ezerton Davison, of Liverpool. Special birthday greetings were read from the platform,one being from Mrs Commissioner Coombs, who opened the" citadel" 24 years ago. At the evening meeting Mr Egerton Davison gave a stirring address. There were fair congregations, and three converts were received. The collections were very satisfactory. ACCIDENT AT RUNCORN. On Saturday evening, about 10.30, an accident occurred at the drapery premises of Mr Hill, Eger- ton-street, Runcorn. It appears that a London and North-Western Railway goods lorry was waiting to convey to the station some theatrical property from a house opposite Mr Hill's premises,and when the horse was 'being turned round it suddenly shied. The lurry was forced backwards on to the para- pet,and crashed into Mr Hill's plate-glass window. The window was completely destroyed,and several persons narrowly escaped being cut by the falling glass. The window was insured. CONCERT AT WESTON SCHOOLS. In connection with the-Weston Church Schools the scholars gave a two nights'concert before large and appreciative audiences. The first portion of the programme consisted of items of various kinds which were rendered in a manner reflecting the hizhest credit on the artistes. The after portion was taken up by a selection from "The Arabian Nights Entertainment." The parts were filled by selected scholars which had been admirably trained by Mr Percy Robinson. The scenery had been painted with good effect by Mr Bankes. The Rev. H Stablestexhorted, during the entertainment„ the parents to maintain their schools by seeing that their children put in regular attendance. INTERESTING PRESENTATION AT NELSON-STREET. On Sunday in connection with the above mission the annual distribution of prizes to the scholars for regular attendance and good condue.t was held before an exceptionally large gathering. There were no fewer than 120 children present and over SO of these were entitled to prizes. Airs Baker, Mough- land's-lane, had kindly consented to distri- bute the priz SS and her attendance was most heartily appreciated by everyone. After the prizes bad been bestowed upon the recipients, a vote of thanks was accorded to ...Mrs Baker, on the proposition of Mr Bayley, seconded by Mr Lam- bert. and supported by Mr J Hayes.—Mrs Baker, in responding, said it was a great pleasure to be with them. She fully appreciated the difficulties of the teachers and eulogised their efforts. Mission work, she thought, was one of the most important branches of Christian work. The service closed with the Benediction. It should be mentioned that Ithe prizes were given voluntarily by the officials connected with the, Mission. HALTON SONS OF TEMPERANCE—ROSE OF HILTON DIVISION (974). A well-attended meeting of the above association was held on Saturday night in the Wesleyan Trinity Church schoolroom. Mr F Hankey (president) occupied the chair, and he was supported by Mr Thomas Cooke (Runcorn) and the officers of the division. Two new members were initiated, and an address was given by Mr James Johnson (Run- corn), who dealt with the financial position of the ' order, and gave important advice as to the future working of the division. Mr Thomas Cooke fol- lowed with an earnest and practical address, con- gratulating the Halton members on the formation of a new division. He spoke lii the highest terms of the organization, and pointed oat that men, women, and children were eligible for benefit. The funds amounted to £250,000. Che adult members were 54,000 and the juveniles 25,000. The other speakers who took part in the meeting were Messrs Thomas Heesom, Samuel Tomlinson, C P Bradbury, Thomas J Holt,D Bisbrown, and the Chairman. An interesting meeting was then brought to a close. DEFECTIVE VISION.—Don't delay but send at coos fora riampidet on the new treatment. Astounding success ! 27,000 cases already eared t I IdErzea, Eye Specialist, 168 Oxford-etreet, Manchester.—Advt (2)

===== 0002601_19011206_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was I I held at Dutton • Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr Knowles presided and there were present Admiral Jones Parry, Messrs T Wright. J B Chadwick, J Moseley-Williams, C E Linaker. A H Talbot, J Spruce, E Clarke, A Eaton, , J Mclntyre, T Lewis, G Pilling, T Darlingtoo' P G leave, J W Baguiey, S Woodward, E Turner, T Baxter, E Bretherton, J Stokes, W H Bradford, J Solite w, J J Elwards,S Horton, with Messrs G F Ashton (clerk),W E Hough (assistant cierk),W Diggle and J Swiaton(sur- Veyors), J Farrinvton (nuisance inspector), and Dr. Adams, Medical Officer of Health. SEATS IN COUNTRY LANES FOR CONSUMPTIVES. Mr H Wood Liverpool Sanatorium, Kiagswood, via Frodsham, wrote to Mr Ashton that it would be a great kindness to the patients of the Sanatorium if permission were given to him to place seats about the country lanes. Many patients could only walk a short distanc and got tired quickly. He wished to be allowed to place four or five between Kingswood and Moulilswortho also on the Alvanley-road, the Ridgeway-road, the, Overtoc-road, etc. He would set them back from the road and keep them in good repair. Mr Diggle said there was no reason why seats should not be placed on the roads. Mr Horton said it was a suggestion which required coasideration. He did not think it was desiraole to have persons sitting on the road side for infection chiefly arose from the patients themselves. As an authority they should not encourage them to occupy roads any more than really necessary. It might prove an injustice to the people of the neighourhood and they should provide means themselves where they might take exercise. Mr Ellison said they sat at the present time on the roadside in parties of seven at a time. They could not belkept off toe highway and it would be bitter to pro- videltbem with seats. Mr Woodward said there was not much room on the road ;side to provide seats. There would have to be recesses made. Dr Adams said the main thing was whether the patients expectorated. If so it would be loaded with bacilli which would be found round the seats. Tais should be more or less self-contained. In view of the fact 'that the chief danger was by the sputum, there should be some restriction placed upon it. Alter further discusion Mr Woodward proposed and Mr Talbot seconded that a committee consisting of Messrs Linaker' Talbot and Williams be appointed to consult with the medical man in charge, and report to theiCouncil. THE WATER SUPPLY TO TEM COTTAGES AT MOORE.

James Dees, water and sanitary engineer. Muncinal Offices, Warrington, wrote under 27ch November 1901. —Mr G F Ashton, "In answer to yours of the 26% inst addressed to the Town Clerk the annual guarantee required in the matter of water supply to the cottages. near Moore Station would be 15. The Clerk said that this amount decided that the water supply would have to Coale from another quarter.

THE THEL WALL NUISANCE. The Clerk read a letter from Mr A L Kaye, Grappen- hall in which he referred to the decision of the Council to rescind the resolution passed :by them charging the expense of the culvert over the whole Uaion,and to have a resolution proposed that the entire cure° be made on , their Parish. He therefore asked the Clerk t 3 produce , his letter to the Committee as a protest. It seemed very hard that the parish should be charged with a heavy rate to make good a nuisance caused by one or two property owners, and which in the ordinary coarse he would have thought would have been made good themselves. Mr C E Linaker moved that the resolution of the Council passed on the sth ult relative to the amount of the costs of piping over the ditch at Thelwall etc., to be charged as General Highway Expenses be rescinded, and he would then move a proposition as to the division of the cost of the work to,.t wee.n General and Special Expenees. He said that the cost was then estimated to be £67. lie did not believe that this should be a common charge on the whole district. It was unfair for them to have to pay for sewage matter for Thelwall and Grappenhall. He moved that the District .Council instead of bearing a total cost of £l5O bear half the cost of the filling up and the whole cos: of pulling up what- ever road is required. Mr Wright seconded. Alter further diseussion Mr Linaker withdrew his proposition and moved instead th it the finding of the Committee b rescinded. This was passed. MR NAYLOR WRITES AGAIN. R A Naylor wrote under date 2ad December, from the Green Dragon actel, Hereford as follows :—Your Medical Officer hag no doubt b3eo notified that diphtheric throats are prevalent again at Weaste-lane. I should be glad if you will say what step; your Goateed are taking to remove the nuisance which is the cause of this form of disease. After Dr Penny's report it seems most inhuman fm. your Couacil to treat oar complaints with such contempt, Tle's was all the business.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARD!ANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was held on Tuesday at Dutton Workhouse. Present : Messrs J Stokes (M the chair), A R Norman, J.P., C.C., (vice-chairman), 8 Taylor, J.P., T Reynolds, J Douzlas, the members of the Rural Council, with Messrs G F Ash- tun (clerk), W E Hou4n (assistant clerk), and J Cuunah (master).

===== 0002601_19011206_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUCORN URBAN DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the above Council was held on Thursday morning in the Council Chamber. Present :—Mr R H Poanett (in the chair), Messrs D Bis- brown, W Handley, J H &Add, E Irnisn, T W Jones, J Fritcoard, J Wilsan, T Dean, S Taylor, S Walton, H J Grice, G Hewitt. E Gatley, E Marshall (secretary), F A bake (law clerk), J Wildiag (surveyor), Dr McDougall , (medical officer.) I THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. _

I': was reported that Were gr:!re 19 deaths and 45 births against 31 deaths and 49 births last year.

MORE MONEY FOR THE COMMON SCHEME. The Highways and Buildings Committee recommended that he sum of £143, be transferred from the perma- nent works loan fund to the general fund, being the costs incurred in obtaining the order to improve Ron- corn Common, and that the aforesaid amount be bor- rowed; that part of Sir John T Brunner' * donation of trees and labour be used in planting Norman-road. Passel on the proposition of Messrs Taylor and Bisbrown.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW WATER TOWER FOR WE.STON.

Toe Water Committee recommended that the terms set forth in the correspondence with the Highfield Tanning Co., 5.9 t the minimum quantity of water to be paid for annually for a term of years in considera- tion of the laying of a slx-inch main along Canal-street be approved and adopted. Mr Pritchard in moving the adoption of the minutes, said they had already obtained the sanction of the Loeal Government Board for the spending of £2.300 tor the water undertaking. £2,150 had already been passed by the Council and they now required the £l5O. Mr Grice seconded, and the minutes were confirmed.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GAS ENGINE FOR THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

The Technical Instruction Committee recommended that the tender of Messrs Crossley Bros. Manchester. for the supply of a gas engine, and the tender of Mr John Sefton to supply an " Honours Board " be accepted. ' Mr Wilson, in moving the minutes, said that he pro- posed to take back to the Committee the minute refer- ring to the gas engine. The Chairman explained that the reason why he had asked Mr Wilson to take loaPlc the minute, was that the scheme would cost £l5O the electric plant, and as yet they had only got £lOO. It would be more advan- tageous if it were done at once, and not on twlseparate occasions. They might have a diffi nilty ia getting the additional £5B. Dar Dean seconded and the minutes were approved.

_ FINANCING THE PARK SCHEME. The Finance Commitee recommended that application be made to the Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend the sum of £1,400 for the improvement of the Common and the sum of £2,150 for waterworks pur- poses f twenty-three years at 31 ner cent interest the , moneys to be repaid by equal half-yearly instalments I of principal and interest combined, and that Mr James I Green, 81, High-street have the contract for painting the Council Chamber. Mr Itnison proposed that the minutes be passed, remarking that Mr Grreen'a tender was the lowest sent

la. Mr Handley seoondel, the minutes being passed unanimously.

WATER ANALYSIS.

A letter faom the .1.171;a1"6;;;;I-CTe analysis of the water was referred to the Water Committee, on the proposition of the Chairman. seconded by Mr Taylor. THE PROPOSED MAIN ROAD FROM RUNCORN TO WESTON. , A letter was read from the Cheshire County Council declining to move in the matter of making a new main road from Runcorn to Weston. THE DECORATIDNS, WITH PHOTO 3, OF THE COUNCIL CHAMBER. Mr Liaison said that taeY as a Council were grateful to the donors for sending their photographs. This concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAW FORD'S

O. A 1-S..LEXANDRA " BISCUITS.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INTRODIJCED

===== 0002601_19011206_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
I HE ALLEGED FRAUD ON A

WARRINGTON TRADESMAN.

Prisoner Committed for Trial. At the Warrington Police Court on Saturday, before Messrs T Birchen (presiding) and R T Fairclough, Relph Plant, jun, of Pit-lane, Wolstanton, Staffordshire, was charged on remand with having, with inteet to defraud William Breward, earthenware dealer, Buttermarket- street, Warrington, on various datss in April, 1900, induced him by false pretences to accept certain valu- able securities to wit bids of exchange for £24, £3O, and £3l 17s. Mr Arthur Browne, ef Warrington, pro- secuted, and prisoner was represented by Mr T B Sproston,Newcastle-under-Lyme. William Breward, earthenware dealer, Buttermarket- West said that on the 7th of April he received a wire from the prisoner which he subsequently destroyed. He wired back to the prisoner and on the same day prisoner came to see him. He produced invoices dated April sth and 6th. 1900 and told him that he wanted to dispose of the crates mentioned in the invoices. He said "they had plenty of stuff about ".but they had to pay a partner out on Saturday nacraing; and taey had to find £350.f0r this purpose. Witness asked himishere the goods were and he said they were packed up at Lougport sta- tion,and they would te placed to his witness') 0-der the following day. He also produced way-bills from the rail- way company but witness did not know what had be- come of them. He showed him two bill forms which he filled in witnesses presence. He then wrote out the bill of exchange dated April 6th. for £26 14r. Witness was going to pay. him by cheque but prisoner said it did not matter, the bill would do instead. Before that date witness had never accepted a bill. He signed his name accepting it. He did so in consequence of it being stated in the invoice that the goads were at Longport Station. Prisoner then left him and took away the bill. On Monday April 10th he received another wire in consequence of which he went to Bank Quay Station, in company with Mr William Farnival. At the station be met the prisoner and aMr Baxter. Prisoner said he had another lot of gripe's to dispose of, better than the last. Witaess thereupon asked prisoner ' to go to his house and they all proceeded there. Prisoner produced the two invoices dated April 9:h. Witness read them through and pointed out one particular crate which be did not want. Prisoner persuaded him to take it, saying he would make him a reduction or 31 1, per &zeta on the crate. He asked prisoner where the goods were, and he said they were at Lengport Station. He added that he had plenty of crates at Longpert Station. The trade discount was 10 per cent., and prisoner agreed to give him an extra 5 per cent, as an inducement to purchase. Prisoner pro- duced two bill terms and Mr Farnival pointed out that they were made out for goods received. Prisoner said they were always made out that way, and the goods would be placed to his order at Lengport Station the next moraine. Witness wrote accepting the bills for £3O and £3l 17s. Witness subsequently received from the Railway Company three crates of goods. One of the crates contained the goods specified in the invoice, but the others did not. In consequence witness wrote to the prisoner but received no reply. He went to the Potteries on the following Friday and saw the prisoner. He told him about the contents of the crates being wrong and he said there had been a mistake in th 3 marking of them, or something to that effect, but the packer had been to the station and mede it right. Prisoner wanted to sell him more goods on the same terms and witness said he would unpack the others before be boueht any more. Witness went to Longpert station and inquired for the crates but had not time to stop and leek if there were any there. There ought to have been nineteen crates at the station, according to the invoices. The three crates he had received were worth Coeur. £l9 or £2O. He afterwards received seven more cratea the contents of which were worth 10; per crate. None . of the crates coutairied the goods specified on the in- voices. He sent them back to the station, but some weeks after wards acces ter] them. Witness subsequently received the circular produced calling a meeting of creditors of the prisoner. In the meantime he had written several letters to the prisoner and he went to see him. Prisoner said witness would be all right, he would see him paid before anyone. Witness subse- quently received a notice from the Official Receiver stating that prisoner had filed a petition in bankruptcy. He bad never received a penny of dividend. He had to pay the bills for the good!. Cross-examined : He did net know that April 7th wag a Sunday. Witness was not quite sure as CO the exact date of prisoner's visit, The invoice of April 6th wall not receipted. The bill for £26 14s was the exact value of the invoices of April sth, which was for five crates. He was prepared to pay cash for the crates but Plant said "If you're not flash in money you can give me a bill." He was not prepared to pay cash for the goods mentioned in the invoice of April 9:h. It was admitted that Breward had an interview with the prisoner after the StlMnions had been issued with a. view to settling the case. William Farnival, general dealer, 53, Bewsey-street, spoke to an interview between Breward and the prisoner. Plant said he had a quantity of goods to dispose of as he had a partner to pay out. Be said they were a good dea below the ordinary discount. Witness asked Plant why! ordinary cheques:would not do. Prisoner replied that the bills of exchange were as good as money. He said the goods were ready packed at Lengport station. Albert Elwin Lake. goods agent for the London and North-Western Railway Company, Lengport Staff erd- shire,said there were no crates of g3nria belonging to the prisoner at the station on April 6th. 1900. Cross-examined On April sth there were five crates consigned to Loneport station to the order of Breward. Oa the 9:11 April there were five crates consigned by the prisoner to prosecutor. Re-examined : Between sth April and 10th April there were never nineteen crates. Harold Moore, binkers' clerk for Birmingham and District Bank, said the three bills produced were paid into the prisoner's account. Sergeant Williams of the Staff erdshire psliee stationed at iWolstanton said he left a summons for prisoner at his residence with his sister on June 19:h. In the even- ing he saw the prisoner in the street, Be said "I quite expected it and it would not have surprised me if it had been a warrant. I admit it, but it was only an ordinary business transaction. I cannot help it the business bag failed lam not the only one' that's in it. " Witness re- ceived the warrant produced on July 2ad. He could not execute the warrant as prisoner had left Wolstan- ton. By Mr Sproston . He had heard that there were other partners in the business besides the prisoner. Sergeant Williamson said prisoner surrendered to him at Warrington Police Station on the 23rd of November. Witness read the warrant to him and he replied " I have nothing to say." Prisoner was committed to take his trial at the Liver- pool Quarter Sessions. Mr Sproston applied for bail and said the prisoner was in business with several partners and the concern failed. Certain negotiations took place with a view to an amicable settlement of the present case and it was not in consequence of the present proceeding that the prisoner left the country. Wnea he came back to this country he learned that a warrant had been issued and acting on his (Mr Sprostores) advice be surrendered. Prisoner was allowed bail in one surety of £lOO and himself in £lOO.

W. HODGE INSON LTD.,

ANN NOW SHOWING A VERY CHOICE

===== 0002601_19011206_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK OF BEAUTIFUL

FABRICS FOR EVENING WEAR.

CONSISTING OF SEQUIN AND NET ROBES

===== 0002601_19011206_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE SILK AND LACE INSERTION

ROBES. •

ALBS NOVELTIES IN

SILK'S AND DRESS NETTS

&c., &C.,

===== 0002601_19011206_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITS SILK AND LACE INSERTION

ROBES.

FROX 295. 63. BACK.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
/. FINE COLLECTION OF BEAITTIFIII.

FANS JUST MICRIVIID.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEINIENT.

HODGIZINSON, LTD. RAVE NOW ON VIEW A [MAGNIFICENT • DISPLAY OF r•• [FANCY ARTICLES, CH,RIST/441,_

W.

CARDS, &c.,

FOR THE CHRISTMAS SRASON

46, AND 48, BRIDGE STREET

WAItEINGTON.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
I -

FIRE ESCAPES.

_ J E Enollys, assistant secretary to the Local Govern. meat Board wrote under date 2ad December, as follows :—" I am directed. by the Local Government Board to advert to your letter referring to the proposed provision of fire escape staircase at the Runcorn Union Workhouse, and to state that in the absence of a plan showing more generally the effect of providing these staircases, and their position relatively to the wards the Board must reserve consideration of the matter until the return of their Inspector, who at present is on sick leave." The Clerk said it was a question whether they should get further pleas or wait until the inspector got better. the Chairman : Better wait until he gets better. Mr Woodward said that as no limit was said as to time in considering the estimates, it might prove awk- ward should toe markets rise or fall as to whether the contracts would hold good. Admiral Jones Parry pointed out that the contracts were subject to the approval of the Local Government Board and they would have to wait their time.

VACCINATION CIIARGES. The Clerk to the Headington Union, Oxford,for warded a resolution passed by that Board requesting the L ocal Government Board to amend their Vaccination Order of 1898 with a view to reducing the present schedule of fees allowed to public vaccinators and vaccination officers, such fees being coosidered exorbitant, and asking for the support of the Board. A resolution supporting the circular was passed on the proposition of Ildessrs Woodward and Linaker. FINANCE.

Mr Woodward said the payments were as follows : Runcorn, £35; Frodsham, £22 ; Badworb, £26. The other account was to the treasurer of the County Asylum for £359 163 10'.. There were 73 lunatics in toe asylum The amount of maintenance as compl red with last July was slightly more, but as compared with twelve months ago there was £4O of an increase. Taking the half year ending Michaelmas and comparing it with the returns given in the year book there was a steady increase right away from the year 1896. Cmaparing the half vest with Nat half year they paid Michaelmas 1930, £675 10e 63. That present payment completed for toe halt year £716 8i 11. It was a lamentable state of matters. Be pro- posed the statement Le approved. Mr Wright seconded. Passed.

THE NUMBER OF INM&TES. Mr Moseley Williams as the Caairman of th Bre Committee reported that the number of inmates was t wenty more tnan for the corresponding period last year. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN BAPTIST CHURCH•

Recognition Meeting.

recet

said

Special recognition services were held in the Baptist Church, Earlestown on Sunday. There were fairly good congregations, the preacher being the Rev D S Tnomas, the newly appointed Rector. On Monday evening the Chapel Anniversary was celebrated by a tea meeting, and public gathering at which the new Pastor was publicly welcomed to the ministry of the Church. The tea was well attended, as also was the after meeting. At the latter Mr F G Aveline of Preston, presided and he was supported by the Rev J S lieghes of Hill Cliffs, Williams of Corwen. Green (Secretary of the Liverpool Baptist Union), CE Dave, D S Thomas and Mr G Dring. The Chairman said he was gratified at the honour accorded him in asking him to preside at that meeting, the annual meeting of the Earlestown Baptist Church. He was described as at one time an active member of that church, but if scrubbing the floors, painting, and stoking the fires consti- tuted an active member, then he could lay claim to that description. He was the secretary in those days, and the secretary was always the man who lid the most work and got the least pay. In those days they performed the duties in their turn, and somehow his turn came round very often. He did not look butt upon those incidents with any degree of regret or shame,for they were very happy times. He referred to the Co-operative Hall and the Green room in Market-street. The church was formed into a church in 1875, and he distinct y re- collected when the Rev H S Brown and several of his Deacons came up and they met together in Market-street and there they formed the first Baptist Church in Earlestown, and the number of members was 16. He took it they were met to- gether that night on the anniversary of the Baptist Church, and also for the publie recognition of the Baptist minister. He supposed they werelnot at all ashamed of that. There was nothing to be ashamed of in their denomination. Tney had something like 400,000 members in the British isles, and something like 730,000 scholars in their schools. These num- bers were comparatively small compared with some of the other denominations, but still they were not to be despised. He did n3l know that they need describe themselves as feeble folk. However feeble they might be they must remember that their principles were founded upon God's treth,and that they had their dwellings like the conies, amongst the rocks In America their denomina- tion was very nearly the largest, and judging from the very rapid progress they were making there, the time would come, he was satisfied, when they should head the list. The had 51 millions of mem- bers, and if they took the world at large they must put on at least another 600,000, so that altogether they would have between 7 and S million members. It they wanted to get on at all they must strictly and closely adhere to their Baptist principles and if they did -not they would for all practical pur- poses g 3 spark out. For their own sakes he asked them to be true at all costs to that which bad been committed to their charge in Earlestown. Baptists had always been on the side of liberty of consci- ence. That was important not only to them as Baptists, but to all their fellow men, whatever their views might be.:They knew the attempt that was being made on the part of sacerdotalism to capture the schools. As a Baptist community they should be in the fore front of this fight for freedom. He hoped and trusted from this time forth begin- ning afresh with a new pastor, they would be more faithful in their trust in the future than they had been in the past. (Applause.) The Rev J S Hughes of Hill Cliffa, said his first acquaintance with that church dated back some- thing like 10 years, when there was a recognition meeting on the occasion of Mr Cettam's introduc- tion as pastor. He had not been in the church very long before there was a very lively scene.and he was thinking that if the same parties had been present that night, when the Chairman was making his address, there would have been a repetition of that scene- But still he thought they had a right, in courtesy, to state their opinions and principles. He congratulated them upon the beautiful condi- tion of the church, and thought there was a bright future before them with a new minister. He thought it was much wiser for a minister to be left alone to find out the failings of his flock, and the onger he was doing it the better. Ntr Thomas had been too long in the ministry to be disturbed by the sharpest criticism or gossiping tongue. That was a recognition meeting, in which they were metl to recognise the union which had taken place be- tween them, and that they publicly recogniee Mr Thomas aa their minister, and that henceforth they would have certain claims upon him and he would have certain claims upon them. He then proceeded with a long exhortation on the duties of a congre- gation towards their minister. 'The Rev H C Williams. of Corwen, also spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr Thomss, with wham he had had an acquaintance of 26 years. The Rev C R Green believed they had made a choice directed by the great bead of the church. Mr Thomas was a man of more than average ability. They must support him in every possible way, and they would find as the happy months and 'years rolled by that God was in this matter. (Rear, hear.) The Rev D S Thomas said he felt that a speech from him would be out of place, as so many friends had come to take part in tse meeting, and so many kind things had been said that it struck him he ought to say something in recognition, and yet he did not f eel inclined to do that. Perhaps he ought to say that he was there as a Baptist minister, and that their invitation to him meant that he should be the advocate and maintainer of Baptist princi-

pies. The Rev C E Dove extended a welcome to Mr Thomas as a co-worker in the great influence of religion. If he could help Mr Thomas in any way ' he should be glad to co-operate with him in spread- ing Scriptural holiness in Earlestown. He hoped they would stand by their minister and that they would attend church not only in the evening, hat in the mcrning. (Applause.) The meeting terminated with the usual votes of thanks.

TABLB, FLOOR, and HANGING LIMPS ni every leseription.—J SCiermixD,lromnoager,lßridge StAdvt.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
1 i , 1 i 1 1 1 . i i ii.' 4 }.,::, t ~,, , 1 i 1 1

===== 0002601_19011206_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011206_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE.

Many people after enjoying the good things of life are subjeet to much after suffering from the inability of the 'stomach to perform its duties. A timely use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters would strengthen the digestive organs and serve to remedy the evil. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is the Best Remedy of the age for Indi- ffestion, Weakness, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite, 'flatulence, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness. and Cheat Affec- tions. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and contains neither iron nor mercury, nor any injurious mineral substances, which accumulate in the system when taken in medicine. and cause future nain and trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a Natural Remedy, containing a most nappy combination of Quinine with the active principles of the best known and most valuable plants, which have not hitherto been I successfully dispensed. Now Indigestion assumes 110 many forms that there is scarcely a complaint which it may not resemble in one way or another. It has not been inaptly termed " Our National Disease." There is no disease more prevalent or more difficult to cure. It is a disease of the stomach, and assumes a variety of different forms in parts of the body far removed from the stomach. The only trustworthy and permanent remedy is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, which, acting upon the digestive organs, strengthens them and stimu- lates them to healthy action, and gives tone to tne whole stomach, imparting new life, hope, s':rength, had happiness. NERVOUS DISORDERS.

Nervous disorders are generally traceable to defectiv,. digestion. Most nervous people are dyspeptic also. The stomach does not digest the food ; the necessary supply of vital particles which the blood should receive from properly digested food fails, and the result is felt almost immediately upon the most sensitive portions of the human organism—the Nerves. Impure blood irritates the nerves and causes nervous weakness. This renders the nervous system very liable to be affected by I.lthealthy influences. In nine cases out:of ten, if the imperfect digestion be remedied, the nervousness and weakness will disappear. The only certain remedy is Gwilynn Evans' Quinine Bitters, sold everywhere in bottles 23. 91 and 45. 61. each, or will be ssnt, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct, by the Sole Propriet ors :—Th.3 Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company,. Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imita- tions. The name Gwilym !vans" must be found on the label, on the scamp, and on the bottle, to ensure its being genuine. Be sure you get the right article when you ask for it. Do not be put off with substitutes. No ther preparation is "Just as good "or • The same bing."

===== 0002601_19011206_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

A VIOLP:NT PRISONER SNIARTLY DELLT WITH. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday. before the Mayor and other magistrates. James Qutglev, 25. Naylor- street, was charged with being drunk and refusing to quit the Tneatre Tavern. on Saturday night, and also with assaulting Police-Constable, Stewart and Dennett'—He Pleaded guilty.—Thomas Taylor, barman at the Theatre Tavern, said the prisoner came into the house drunk. Wit- ness refused to serve him, and prisoner used filthy language, and said that if witness tried to put him out he would break his neck, PC. Stewart was sent for, and ejected the prisoaer. Witness saw the prisoner thump and hick tte officer.—P.C. Stewart said that when he went into the house the prisoner was struggling with the barman:and was using threatening language. Witness put htm out. He was very rough and •• butted " him in the face nine or ten times. Witness put him on the ground and when he got Rp prisoner struck him sia or seven blows in the face. P.C. Dennett came on the scene and the prisoner " butted " him and kicked him. They had to carry the man Part of the way to the Police Station.—Albert Sykes. wiredrawer, and P.C. Dennett else gave evidence —The Chief Constable said the Prisoner was one of the worst characters in Warrington. This was his eighteenth appearance within a very short space of time. He had been repeatedly co•-victed of felony. Prisoner was fined £5 and costs or two months imprison- ment for the first offence, and was committed to gaol for four months for the assaults.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

FRIDAY —Befo,e.the Mayor (in the chair), Councillors Smet- hurst, and John Roberts, Messrs J Rymer Young, LI Thornton and J Hepherd. A HUSEIND's DISGR/CEFt7L CoNDUCT.—James Griffin, 22, Winwick-road Was summoned for deserting his wife Annie Griffin last Tuesday. Mr Browne appeared for the complain- ant and said the case was a very bad one. Defendant was a furnance wheeler at Dallam Forge and could earn 30s a -week. but be was continually drinking. She had summoned him three times previously. On the night in question he went out and promised to return at 10.30. Ms wife waited up till 11.30 and as he had not come home she went to bed. Defendant did not arrive until ten minutes past one, and he then asked for his supper. She told him that he cot]." not have any. but he Could have the breakfast which she had made up for him. Defendant picked up the breakfast and threw it into the fireplace and upset a table on which were a number of mugs. Complainant cried "murder." and her mother who lived next door, came in and tried to persuade defendant to be sensib:e. He however, turned his wffe out into the road, she being only partially dressed. She had to borrow a dress from her mother and go and find a ipoliceman. P.C. Houghton went to the house and ultimately persuaded de- fendant to allow his wife to take her child out. He would not allow her to remain in the house —After hearing the evi- dence the magistrates granted a separation order with 10s per week alimony. RX-FoYn3.I.LLER 51.7313117.5 ED FOR A esattur.—Ceen Die - Nags au—Harry Rowe. 200, Winwick-road. was summoned for assaulting Mary Tavlin, 211. Winwick-road, on Novena Per 20th.—Mr Browne appeared for the complainant and defendant was represented by Mr Steel.—Mr Browne said complainant was the wife of a fishmonger who had a stall in the Market and a shop at the corner of Longford-street. On t e date in question defendant's son came into the shop and complainant asked him when hie father was going to pay the money which he owed her. Ultimately the father came in and some altercation ensued. Complainant ordered defendant out of the shop and he went away but returned In half an hour. He called her a liar and a murderer and she said he would have to go out. She caught hold of him to put him out and he struck her in the breast. He struck her in a place when she had previously been injured and in consequence she had suffered much pain and had to be medically attended. The force of the blow caused complainant to fall into a hamper and in falling her head came into contact with a window.—For the defence it was denied that any blow was amok by the defendant. Complainant had a steel in her hand end threatened to "put it through him "She also struck him on the jaw.—Mr Steel mentioned that Rowe was a well-known footballer and perhaps the magistrates would remember that he was awarded a medal by the Royal Humane Society for saving lif, s during the Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 1897. —The case was dismissed. MONDA.Y.—Bsfore the Mayor, Mr J Charlton Parr (in the c`tair), Mr F Monks. Councillor Smethurst. and Messrs Birchall, Hayward. Thornton and Wright. AR LMORRIGIBLF. Williams, 6. Back Long. ford-street. was charged with having stolen on Saturday, a pair of women's boots valued at 30,,tiae property of Benedict Tyrer. pawnbroker. 62,Winvick-roid. She pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable said that a boy named Ernest Brace- girdle. In the employ of Mr Tyrer, was in front of the shop on Saturday afternoon, and saw the woman tike the boots, pit them under her apron and walk away. He told his brother,who was also employed at the shop and he followed and caught the woman. She was glean into the custody of P.C. Cooper (2)). She wvs under the influence of drink.and said she did not remember taking the boots Prisoner was an incorrigible thief and an hab'tual drunkard, this being her list appearance. If she had been convicted four time Within the twe've months he would have asked for her to be sent to a drunkards' hotne.--Prisoner was lined lOs and costs, or in default 14 days' imprisonment,

TtfEspsY—Before Aldermen Sutton (in the chair) and Hutchinson. SUSTICIntre Casan.MT.—William Leigh. a vagrant, was charged with being found loitering at the rear of Regent- street and not being able to give a satisfactory account of himself—John Ford, a carpenter. living at 6 Regent-street. said that at 10.15 the Previous night he went into his back yard and found the prisoner crouching in a corner of the ashpit. The man tried to make oft but witness detained him and handed him over to P.S. Dean—The Chief Constable said the man was a stranger and just now the public mind was a little bit disturbed by people of this class. For some time the rolice hal been kept running about like rabbits inves- tigating reports which had nothing in them beyond the evi- dence which had been tendered against the prisoner— Prisoner was sent to gaol for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY. —Before Measra A It Norman (in the chair) and

W Timmins and R Imison. VACCINLTION EXEMPTION.—John James Stubbs, 20. BaT- tour-street. applied for a certificate to exempt his Child Harry Stubbs from being vaceinated.—Applicant had a con- scientious objection. One of his children had been ill after being vaccinated. He had thought a great deal about It.— Granted. TRANFEPS OF LICENCES.—SamueI McGeakin, applied for a transfer of the Friendship Tavern, Friar-street. lately kept by Michael Noone,—Granted.—Thomas Wilkinson applied for the transfer of the • Village Inn," Halton. lately kept by George Herbert. Andrews.— Granted. —GeorgeHerblrt Andrews applied for the transfer of the licence of a be.rhouse in Halton road namei "The ;Bird in Hand.--Granted— Hubert Gibson, 24, Bridge-street, applied for a transfer of an off licence from William Edgar Lea.—Granted. Licgoor. ATTENDisoE.—For neglecting to send his children to school William Evans was fined ifs and costa. NEGLECTING TO MAINTAIN HIS PARENTS—Frederick Stanner, electrician, Harley Hall, Wartington, who did not appear, was summoned for refusing to maintain his parents. George and Mary Ann Stanner.—Mr Frodsham stated that theserelatives had bee-i chargeable to the Runcorn Union since 2nd May at a cost of £3. He asked that an order of 2s a week be made on the defendant. His wages were 22s a week rent free, and he had a son bringing in 6s a week.—An order of 2s a week was made. PULLING HIS WIFE'S HAIR OUT.—George Fingdale 45, York-street; was summoned by his wife May Dugdale for Persistent cruelty and a maintenance order was applied for Applicant said that she had been married 16 years and had seven children, Her hub Ind was the captain of the tug "Manchester " and made .222 n 6d a week. On Thurs- day night following the School Board election defendant came in and was angry at Father Chambers being elected Instead of Cunningham. He said he could not find anybody

to light him outside. Witness went upstairs to avoid him I but defendant followed her and after s(riking her on the breast he pulled a handful of hair (produced) out of her head.—Catherine cdale. daughter, gave corroborative evidence.—An order of 20s a week was male on the dE- fendant. ALLEGED THEFT OF MONEY.—James Shillara was re- manded for 7 days on a charge of stealing £3 from James Nurse. A NOTED CHAR•CrEß.—Harriet Baxter was fined 109 and costs or in default 14 days for being drunk.-P.C. Edwards proved the case.

INTERESTING EXHIBITS AT WAR- RINCITON MUSEUM.

Relics and Curios from South _Africa.

There is at present on view at the Warrington Museum an intereiting collection of relics and curios from the war in South Africa lent by Captain F. M. Appleton, Private A. Ashton (late Imperial Yeomanry), and other members of the Volunteer Service Company of the let V. B.P.W.V. South Lancashire Regiment. The exhibits have been carefullY arranged in six cases under the supervision of Captain F. M. Appleton. They have been placed in the Art Gallery, anu will remain there for about a month longer. The first Case calling for attention contains the silver mounted loving cup presented by the officers, non commissioned officers and men of the Volunteer Service Company to the Mayor and Corporation of Warrington It is made from the case of a naval twelve-pounder shell, fired at Gracskop, where the Company formed part of a detachment of the regiment holdiue the Ladysmith-Pretoria railway under Major F. A. Adam, second in command let South Lance- shires. There is also in the same case a cigar lighter presented to the officers' ireas, Warring. ton Vol inteers by three officers of the South African Company (Captains Appleton, Crosfield and Cary). The sword presented to Captain Appleton is also exhibited and there are also two illuminated addresses, one pre- sented to each member of the Volunteer Active Service Company by the townspeople in recognition of their valour and patriotism in volunteering for and serving their country in South Africa, and the other presented by the Mayor of Caps Town to all the Volunteers from the Empire. Accompanying these exhibits are four photographs showing the uniforms worn by the local Volunteers in 1798, 1359,1E63 and 1896. Chief interest will be centred in the relics and curios. These comprise a miscellaneous collection of article 4, including Kaffir bead work, a Kaffir head-dress and banjo, ostrich eggs. a soldiers lantern, field glasses, shells, rifles, bullets, Boer expanding ballets, Boer prisoners letters and telegrams, a document containing the autograph signature of ex-President Kruger, and documents stipulating the rations for Boer prisoners. There are numerous other relics which cannot fail to be of interest. _ .

In close proximity are cases containing a collection of photographs of officers and msn connect d with the South Lancashire Regiment, more particularly those associated with the Volunteer Ssrvice Company. In addition there are photographs illustrating camp life and places visited by the Volunteers. Sadder pictures are rhose showing the graves of local Volunteers and officers and men of the South Lancashire Regiment. . .

The exhibits have already attracted numerous visitors to the Art Gallery arid early opportunity should he taken rf inspecting these interesting souveoirs which the members of the Volunteer Active Service Company have brought home with them from ti4e seat of war.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE DOCTORS MAKE

MONEY.

£4,000,000 out of Coughs anci Colds.

The English climate—especially at this season—is a I source of untold wealth to the medical fraternity. A I recent estimate Phnwa that the people of the Briti,h Isles spend £4,000.000 on coughs and colds ; £3,500,000 on bronchitis ; £2750000 on pneumonia and £1,250.000 on asthma, Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness cost one and three-halfpence a box or two and nine- pence for a box containing three times the quantity, and they are the safest and surest preventive of coughs and colds, with their more serious after- , consequences. They speedily put the liver, digestive organs and kidneys to rights, and keep them in healthy condition. Toe secretions of the borlY thus safeguarded, and the bile flow and the flow of gastric juice put into order, vigorous liver action and hearty digestive powers are the consequences. Tone is im- parted to the system,and the strength and vigour gener- ated, which is necessary to throw off, not only colds and coughs, but the more serious disorders, bronchitis, asthma, pneumonia and pleuris7. For the trying weather to be expected during the next few months, when rapid changes of temperature, sleet, rain, hail and wind will severely try the best of I constitutions, the wisest method is to act on the defen- sive, and to avert the season's ailments by use of this famous vegetable el* Tuition. Every chemist stocks Chas. Fcade's Bile Beans or you may obtain post free, from the Bile Ban PAnufacturint, Co., 119, London Wall,E C. by sendiog prices one and three-halfpence or two and ninepence per box. Bile Beans are sold only in sealed boxes ; never loose.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLY TRINITY CHURCH

WARRINGTON.

Sale of Work.

A sale of work in aid of the General Purposes Fuld was he'd in the Holy Trinity schools, Museum-street,on Thursdaylast week. The onesiog ceremony was perform- ed by Mrs Lyon,Applet-m pr(smce of a large attendanze. The room had been effectively decorated and presented a bright and attractire appearance. Lady members of the congregation assisted at the stalls:,

... in opening the proceedings the Vicar (Rev EC E Carleton) explained the object of the sale. He said that no doubt many of them would know that they had a useful mission in a retired part of the district known as Fact r 7 Yard. They had been allowed to Use the premises free of expense, for many years by the Misses Wilson-Patten. In this mission Sunday schools,mothers' meetings and girls' clasaes were held, and latterly there had been services on Sunday evenings conducted by a number of laymen. The only funds at their disposal tor carrying on the work had been the proceeds of the annual rummage sale and owing to , the way in which the sale had been sup- ported, and the exce'l?nt management of the finances by their friend Mr .Halton, who acted as treasurer, they bad hitherto been ab'e to carry on the work successfully without incurring any very serious liability. This year there had been rummage sales in several other parishes, and consequently there was a scarcity of the article known as rummage. It was there- fore decided to have a rummage sale supplemented by a sale of work. They were sorry to break a record which they were rather pleased with themselves about —that they had not had a sale of workror anything like a bazaar for nearly twenty years. If this sale ras well supported they cculd rely upon it that the funds would not be squandered. Any surplus would be put aside to meet contingencies that might occur in rears to come' It was also hoped that the proceeds would be sufficier.t to enable the treasurer t 3 make a gran: to St. Lu're's Curacy Fund. Mrs LYON in a brief speech. declared the sale open.

_ On the motion of Councilor FORSHAW, seconded by Mr riALTON. a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mrs Lyon for opening the sale. At interals during the afternrol mu4eal items were given and in the evening a short concert Wal held. The proceeds of the sale amounted to nearly £lOO.

WINWICK ASYLUM. To be opened at the End of the Year. Tne annaal meeting of the Lancashire Asylums Board was held last week in the C)untv Hall, Pieiton. Alderman W S Barrett (Manchester) was unanimously re-elected chairrnan,and Hr T H Jenkini (Salford) vice- chairman._

The Chairman informed the members that Winwick Asylum would be opened for patients at tbe end of the year. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report of the deputation appointed to wait on the Commissioners in Lunacy, with reference to the Board's agreement that the Wicwick Asylum should be wholly a chronic asylum, and filled exclusively, by transfer from the other asylums, with chronic cases. The report stated that the deputation urged that chronic cases should be allowed to be sent to Winwick Asylum direct from workhouses or their own homes, thus doing away with the expense of first sending them to one of the other asylums. The Commissioners, however, contended that if chronic patients were received into Winwick Asylum direct, advantage would be taken to send patients other than chronics, and for whom there was no proper accommodation, thus placing the medical superinten- dent in the invidious position of having to decline to admit them. This being so, they could not see thier way to alter the original agreement. The deputation also mentioned the undertaking to remove the tem— porary buildings, containing 200 beds, at Rainhill on the , completion of Winwick, and received the Commissioners' sanction to retain them for a further period of five years, _

1- Dr -Lev, the medical superintendent at Prestwich, having resigned owing to failing health, it wag decided to grant him a superannuation allowance of £l,OBO, be- ing two-thirds of big salary and emoluments. Mr B Carver moved that Dr Murray, senior medical assistant at Prestwich Asylum. be appointed to Dr Ley's post at a salary of £6OO per annum ; bat Mr Fit r- herbert Brockholes moved an amendment that Dr Perci- val, medical superintendent at Whittinetarn. be appointed, Both gentlemen had sent in applications.— After considerable discugsion, the amendment wan carried by 27 votes to 10.—An amendment, proposed by Mr W W B Hulton, that the appointment shou!d be thrown open at least to all the senior assistants at the asylums, was also defeated.—A substantive motion that Dr Percival be transferred from Whittingham to Rain- hill at his present salary (£1,000) was then carried.

Seer Marie. otFootOtii Clubs are mitioste4 to note mat reports of matches played on Saturday must reach the Head Office, Bewsey-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning. otherwise they eannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.,

SWINTON v. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS. The first match between these clubs took place at Brig- house before a fair nomber of spectators. Brighouse were well represented. but Swinton were weakened in their back division by the absence of Bob Valentine and Lewis. This made the teams more on an equality, and it was only in the second half that Swinton managed to score a try by which they won the match. Cooper was the sco^er —Swinton, one try (three points) ;Brighouse Ringers, nothing.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
HITN-SLET V. OLDHLM.

At Hunslet, before 8.00) 'spectators. Oldham were late in arriving, and the game was stopped fifteen minutes before time owing to darkness, the referee declaring it no match. In the first half Williams scored a try for Oldham. and Albert Goldthorpe placed a penalty goal. These were the oaly points scored when it being too dark to continue, the game was abandoned, with,the score—Oldham, three points Hunslet, two points.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD V. HULL.

The return match bet,;;;in—the-se-Ci U-b-S- drew a large num ber of spectators to the Sdford ground. Griffiths klcket oil for Salford, who were the first to attack. and only g short time had elapsed when Lona ‘s plicai a penalty goal. Then the Hull backs got away and Parry almost vot over, whilst shortly afterwards Salford were penali,ed and Jacques equal- ised the score by placing a goal. Salford again attacked, and Heath scored an unimpro ceri try, and at half-time the score was five points to two in favour of Salford. In the second half the Salford forwards at times completely overplayed their opponents, and this gave Lomas and Griffiths plenty of opoo-tunities to set their three-quarters in motion. Lomas quickly seized an opening, and sent the ball well out to Bone who scored an unimproved try for Salford. Hull, how- ever, were not to be denied and from a round of passing between Frank, Ritson, ani Jacques, Parry scored a try, which Jacques failed to convert. Varty added another try to Salford's score and the game ended :—Salford. one goal and three tries (eleven points); Hull, one goal and one try (five points,. -

===== 0002601_19011206_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGH V. BATLEY:

_ At Leigh, in fine breezy weather. before 3,030 speotators. The game WAS remarkable from the fact that each side adopted the iiactica favoured by their respective counties, the Yorkshire/nn playing a typical kick-and-rush game and relying chiefly on their forwards to pull them through ; whilst Leigh preferred to heel out to their backs to enable them to play the passing game and indulge occasionally in crosS—kicking when hemmed in. The result Was a complete triumph for Leigh's system, for as the home forwards were able to hold th-ir opponents, the latter's rushing tactics were rendered ineffective, and in the Inter stages of the game Batley were simp'y overwhemed, Leigh won the toss, but allowe i Batley the first use of the strong breeze,anci by lofty punting and following up Batley had the best of matters at the outset, but could not penetrate the Leigh defence, Pear- son being in splendid form. Eventually Leigh raised the siege, and shortly before the interval Dunbavin dropped a goal this b 'log all the scoring in this half. After changing ends Leigh had the assistance of the wind.and they attacked repeatedly. Nio'yneaux eventually received the ball from Dunhavin, and scored behind the posts, Dunbavin kicking a goal. Benn tt next ran brilliantly through the Batley team, and gained his first try for Leigh, and shortly after- wards Causer scored cleverly from Dunbavins pass. Bennett, after a fine dribble, scored his second try, and Leigh won / easily by two goals, four tries (16 points), to nothing.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE

WARRINGTON v. ST. HELENS.

Warrington played their return match with St. Heltras in the above Competition on Saturday before about 3,000 spectators. Both sides were well repress , Fish turn- ing out again for Warrington. Mr M'Cutcheon Was the referee and the teams lined oat as follows:— St Helens Foulkes, full back ; Hunter, Doherty. Liversage and Fairborn. threequarters ; Morrison and Kennedy, half backs ; Whitely, Briers, Lee, Turner, Mooney, Prescott. Dale, and Carney. forwards. Warrington Hallam, lull back ; Fish, Isherwood,Dicken- son and Harris. threeqaarters ; All n and Burgess half backs; Edmondson, Fed, Morrison, Eden, W Swift, J Swift, Cunningham and Pemberton, forwards. SlSlWarringtoa had the advantage of the breeze daring the first half, and after the preliminary exchanges the borne backs were the firet to show up. Fish eventually pouting across to Fairburn. who was floored a yard from the St. Helens line by Harris. Clever footwork by fit. Helens took play half way, but the reltef was not maintained. for Bur- gess. Allen, Isherwood, and Dickenson !exchanged, and the latter appeared to be a likely scorer when he unselfishly passed to Harris, and the opportunity WAS missed I Again did St. Helens rush the scrimmage. but Isher- wood fielded well and F mikes was busily employed in keeping the locals out. Faulty fieloing by the home three- quarters was taken advantage of by Doherty. and though Hallam checked the visitors at helf way, further progress Was made by Briers, and the Warrington quarter flag was reached The home forwards controlled the ball in the scrim- mage, and Allen and Burgess passing judiciously D'ckenson broke away and racing up to Foulkes w.th Fish in attendance parted at the opportune moment to the Warrington crack, and he trotted in at his leisure behind the posts, having no difficulty in adding the extra points. St Helens played up, and a splendid dribble by Liversage passed all opposition. but unfortunately for the St Helens men, the ball rolled in touch at the quarter flag, Good kicking by Fish restored all Warrington's lost ground. Hunter made a brave attempt to overcome opposition, and was going at top speed when Hallam brorglat him down St Helens pressed for short time, but a run and a long kick by Allen put Warrington at the other end of the field,when the ball was rushed over the St Helens line,and Foulkes kicaed dead. After a spell of quiet play. Liversage broke away with a fine dribble, and took the ball over the line Just as he was going to drop on it Hallam torestalled him, and this robbed St Helens of what seemed a certain try. Warrhagton again visited the St. Helens end, but Briers dribbled away finely, only to find Hallam too quick for him, and Fish was almost in again at the corner. At length Harris got the ball from the loose, and forced his way Over the line, Fish falling at goal. Half-time arrived soon afterwards, with Wzrrington leading by one goal two tries (eight points) to nil. aftesuming the visitors at once forced Vv.+ pac,N and follow- ing *mart dribble by the forwards Morrison fielded the ball cleverly and scored a neat try. St. Helene still attacked and Doherty Was checked when looking dangerous. Eventually Isherwood dribbled out of danger, and successive efforts by Burgess and Allen were instrumental in the Warringtonian invading. Burgess got away from a pack but the findl pass was interrupted. et. Helens were hard pressed, and after Foalkes had checked 9 movement in which Allen, Burgess. Isherwood, and Fish were the leading operators, the St. Helens custodian was forced to kick dead. A fine run by Dickenson was spoiled whenhe foolishly parted alter he had beaten all opposition, but better luck awarded a series of transfers between Isherwood and Burgess, the latter event- ually sco,ing near the corner. The game in the concluding stages, owing to the fast fading light, was witnessed under difficulties, and the chief item was a clever dribble by Fell. Near the close St. Helens attacked and Foulkes placed a I penalty goal. Final Warrington. one goal, three tries (11 points) ; St. Helens, one goal one try (five points)'

===== 0002601_19011206_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH-EAST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

BROUGHTON RANGERS V. ROCHDALE HORNETS. This matca took place on the Rangers' ground, betore a poor atter dance of spectators. A stubbornly contested game was playea, in which the ;tangent ab;ainei an easy victory by the large margira of sixteen poaata. Score t—Broughton Rangers, three goals and four tries (1.8 points) ; Rochdale Hornets, ttne goal (two points).

===== 0002601_19011206_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE RUGBY COMBINATION.

-- RrNCORN " "y. GToCKPORT " A," These teams met on the Irwell-lane enclosure on Saturday afternoon before a poor gate. Immediately from the kick-off Runcorn pressed and Vaulkener having charged down a kick cleverly evaded his opponents and grounded, Williams tailed to nego fate a goal. Stockport then invaded the Run- corn quarters, and a crisp passing movement resulted in hill scoring. Cheaters added a goal. Stockport continued to bolt the advantage, and Runcorn being penalized in their own quarters Chesters larded a special goal. Runcorn made desperate efforts to add to their score, and repeatedly put the visitors on their mettle, but nothing further resulted until half-time was called. The position then was : Stock- port, seven points ; Runcorn, three points. On the change o ends Runcorn attacked vigorously. and Flannagan scored at the corner in the lint few minutes. If Jones made a good attempt at goal. Runcorn continued to pen the visitors in their own quarters, and Flannagaa was almost over again. The same player a few momenta later sent over the line, but the visitors kicked dead in the nick of time. Success at length crowned the efforts of the'Linnets when Farr grounded at the opposite corner. Jones failed at goal from an awkward angle. Give-and-take play followed, but Stockport never became really dangerous, and in the end Runcorn were winners by nine points to seven.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINER F_RII)AY, DECEMBER 6 1901

NORTHERN UNION COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

YORKSHIRE V. CHESHIRE. Tg YORK9EIRENTEN OUTCLASSED.

The second of the Northern Unioa County Championship matches of the entrant season was played at Stockport on Saturday, Cheshire being the opponsnts of the broad- tared county. The result was anything but flattering to the York- shiremen's self-esteem, for instead of winning the match by their forward play, which most of their friends hal thought they would do. they were emphatically beaten in that de- partment, and Outclassed in the back division at all points except full back, and they lost the match by 13 points to 3. The Yorkshire team were accompanied to Stockport by the good muster of county officials and friends, and before the match they were entertained to luncheon by the Cheshire Comrnittes at the Brookfield Hotel. The match itself was favoured by fine but dull weather, the only draw- back being that darkness set in so early that it was ex- tremely difficult to see the last quarter of an hour's play. There would be between 4,000 and 5,0 JO persons present when play started, and the teems turned out promptly at three o'clock as originally selected with the exception that D Foster. of Castietord, took the place of Starks, al previously announced. The Yorkshire Committee elected Kemp captain of the team, on the ground that he had not bad that honour before. though in point of seniority Rigg, who was left in charge of the Yorkshire back division, should have led the team. Houghton ceptainel Cheshire, and beating Kemp In the toss decided to allow Yorkshire to play down the sligth slope, and with the bveze in their favour to start with. Hutt took the ki3k off, and for a few minutes there was nothing in the p'ay to call for notice. Auty had an opening for a sharp run which he spoiled, however, at the finish by passing to an opponent (Trotter). Marsden was kicked in stopping a wheeled scrummage and the game was delayed for two or three minutes, but he was, fortunately, able to resume. Murgatroyd next had a decent run for Yorkshire but. as In Auty's case, the pars went to are opponent. Ther- was a lot of marking. kicking, and rushing of an inconse quential character. Taylor, too, had a shot at goal for off side. Cheshire having to touch down. The first bit of really good football in the match among the backs came from Jolley. Richardson. and Warder, but Taylor was at hand when re )uired, and good kicking by Auty put Yorkshire in a position to score the first substantial point of the match. A scrummage todk place in the Cheshire ‘• 25." and 3lar (idea , passing out to Grace, the Leeds half dashed away at full speed and scored a well-deserved try. the defence being com- pletely beaten. Kemp took the shot at goal, but failed to send the ball over the bar. Alter this reverse Cheshire put an extraordinary amount of energy and dash into their forward play.and they immedi,. ate's, pressed Yorkshire beck to their lines by this means' They were kept out for a while, but Richardson finally go away and made a beautiful run, in the course of which he tricked one defender, and was being pulled down from be- hind by another when he passed to Butterworth, who went over the line with a Yorkshirernan on his back and scored, This was a magnificent try, and too much credit cannot be given to the performers. The point was got near touch, but Farmer capped the performance by scoring a brilliant goal. Cheshire pressed hard again until two or three minutes before the interval, when Yorkshire bad a chance, which Grace spoiled by holding the ball too long. At half-time the score was —Cheshire, 1 goal and 1 try (5 paints) : York- shire, I try (3 points). As Cheshire now had both the slope and breeze In their favour, there were small hopes that Yorkshire would pull off the match, for the play of the Cheshire forwards, after York- shire had scored their first try, had come quite as a revel- ation to the visitors. Forcer restarted, and the first item 'worth mentioning was a shot at goal by the same player, which went under the bar.(for Yorkshire to touch down. Then Laver& who had keen weak throughout, had a kick charged by Jolley, who rushed on and prevented Taylor covering the centre man's mistake. it was obvious, from the way Cheshire were playing, that a score would not be long delayed, and there was no surprise when a combined attack by Jolley, Richardson, Hodgson, and Butterworth resulted in the last-named easily beating both Rigg and Taylor, and scoring a splendid try, for Farmer to kick another goal. Next Yorkshire were beaten easily in a loose forward rush, and Cram picking up passed to Robinson, who got over with the home team's third try, Farmer this time failing with the goal shot. There were many attacks by Cheshire after this, but they were frustrated, chiefly by the magnificent defence of Taylor, and Auty's serviceable tackling should also be mentioned in this connection. A few minutes from the finish Yorkshire spurted. and the backs had a chance of a score, but it was lost by an absurdly weak attempt at pass- ing by the centre three-quarters. The eld came in darkness with the vote ,—Cheshire 2 goals, 3 tries (13 points) ; York- shire 1 try (3 points).

;fficial's Fofirshire.—H Taylor (Hull), back; F Murgatrovd (Brad- ford), A Larard (Huddersfield). A Rigg (Halifax). and W Auty (Batley), threequart,rr backs ; G Grace (Leeds) and A Marsden (Huddersfiel I), half backs ; J Feather and J Hutt (Bradford). D Foster (Castleford), A Remo (hull IZingston Rovers). H Wilson (Hamlet). W Greenwoo I and A Parker (Manningham), and I Carroll (Batley), forwards. Cheshire.—S Houghton (Runcorn). back ;W H binson a“cl W Hodgson (Stockport). and Warder and J Butterworth Runcorn). threProarter backs ; J Jolley and T Richardson (Runcorn) half backs ; Walker, J Lighfoot, H Farmer, W Langley,and W Woods (Runcorn) and W Oram, T Trotter, and W Simister (Stockport). forwards. Referee, Mr J H Smith (Widnes) Touch-judges, Messrs H Hutchinson. and G Robinson.

After the match the teams were entertained to dinner at the Brookfield Hotel by the Cheshire executive, when the usual toast list was gone through Compliments were paid to the successful team for their brilliant performance.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETI- TION•

SUSIMARY OF RESULTS.

G. T. P. G. T. P Widnes . 2 1 7 Millom Morecambe Barrow 3 2 12 Wigan Lancaster . ~ 0 1 3 Radcliffe

RESULTS TO DATE. For. Agst. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P.

Widnes 12.12... 0... 0...22 32-140... 9 3 27-23 Wigan 12...10... 2... 0..23 33-136...13 6 44-2) *Stockport 10... 6... 2... 2...14 17— 79... 5 1— 13...12 Barrow 11... 6... 5... 0...21 22-108...13 8— 50...12 Birkenhead... 10... 6... 4... 0...12 22 90...11 16— 70...12 Lancaster 13... 6... 7... 1...21 16— 9)...12 16— 72...11 St Helena Hull K. Rovers Millom. Rochdale 11'nets 9... 2... 6... 1... 8 7 37... 5 14— 52... 5 Morecambe 13... 2...10... 1— 9 15— 63...21 23-102... 5 *Altrincharn 12... 1...10... 1— 4 2 14...28 43-185... 1 *Radcliffe 11... 1...10... 0... 4 5 23...29 50-2i8... 0 *Radcliffe, Altrincbana, ani St ockport have each had two points deductel for breach of rules. ---- , LANCASHIRE JU NIOR LEAGUE.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
HUNCoRN HEM v. HUNCoRN HORNETS.

These local rivals met on the Recs. ground on Saturday, betore a large craved. Th., Hornets hold the first position on the league,and the Rees f ollow:rhe Rec3,started up the slope, and even play followed. The Rem then pressed. and P.lce, securing the bail, droppa 1 a fine goal. The Hornets then attacked with vigour, but ware driven bsckward. and Recs, nearly scored from the rash. Half-time arrived with the score in favour of the Rem by two to nil. In the second portion, great excitement was manifested, and a fine exhibi- tion was given by both sides. The tackling was keen and rough, and good cloabination was shown Ths Rees finally wen a splendid game by seven points to

===== 0002601_19011206_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. Breaches of the Professional Laws.

Hunslet and Oldham "A" Lose Points. The Committee of the Northern Rugby League had an imprntatat sitting on Tuesday at ths Geo•ge Hotel. Rudders. field. Mr. J. Cliffard (Huddersfield), the President, in the chair. There *as a representative attendance. The Hunslet Club had two points deducted front the Northern League table for a breach of the professional laws. It is understood that the case in question is that of Walsh, in respect of whom the Hunslet Club was recently petalised bY the Northern Union for what was purely a technical offence. The Todmorden and liebden Bridge Clubs had each two ." points deducted from the Yorkshire Rugby Combination for breaches of the professional laws. ria A. team had also two points deducted Lancashire R m Rugby Combination for a similar fortfoTemhaeceto.hledh

===== 0002601_19011206_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HUNSLET V. OLDHAM MATCH.

It will bq rem-e-mbered that -on—S-a-tu-r-da:y—ih-;i:e was g late start at Hunslet hi the match with Oldham, and that the game was brought to a premature conc:usion after 56 After haring the facts of the case the Com- mittee edepellaared the game to be no League match and ordered and the Hunalet arid Oldham Clubs in fictot-othbeerrne-pLlealiageude• equil parts It rnav be presumed that the re-played match will take place at Huuslet, Halifax were fined 75 for being late at Swintm, and Oldham 17s for their late appearance at Hunslet, which has caused the matah to be re-played.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORTED PLAYERS.

Mr T 11 Marshall. who officiated as referee in the match Hebden Bridge V. Hull Stoneferry, reported W Butrell and George Overton for using abasive and improper language. Burrell was suspended up to and including December 14, and Overton up to and including January 31. Mr E Williams, the referee in the Hull Stoneferry v. Hull " A' fixture, brought before the committee Harmer, of Hull and Bailey., of Hull Stoneferry for wrestling. The committee resolved that sending off the field was sufficient punishment.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
A HALIFAX CLAIM DIBMISBED.

I The Halifax aub made a claim Aga-lust-Leigh In respect of expenses incurred by an abortive journey to Leigh on November 16. It will be rPmernbered that no match could be played oa account of the frost. The claim was, however. dismissed. The Committee decided to ask the Pre-s to refer to the League in future as the "Northern Rugby League." in deference of the wishes of the English Association.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW PLLYERS REGISTERED.

The following players were duly registered with the clubs named With Halifax, Fred Lewis (Cardiff). W E Boocock (Christ's College, Finchley), Arthur Dawson (Hipperboime). T Smith (Duke of Wellington's Regt.). sfl S Parker (dalterhebble) With Leigh, Wm Smith (Thurnscoe United), H Bennett, (Pendlebury), T Canson (Pendlebury), and R Neville (local). With Runcorn, Ci.orge Bassnett (Runcorn Recreation), A Furnival (Runcorn Hornets). and T Richardson (Runcorn Recreation). With Warrington, Ernest Legge (local) and James Anders (St Helens). With Brighouse Rangers. A Armitage (Hove Edge) and A Baker (Manningham). With Bradford, F Hovey, (Great Horton), W Patrick (Northamp- ton), and Edgar Hey (local). With ilunelet, John Lister (Normanton). Richard Clarkson (Hotbeds United). Sam Walker (Leeds), and H Lalor (Harroynte). With Swinton, T Metcalf (Holbeck). With Oldham, Frank Daltry (Werneth), AND SOME STRUCK OFF.

The under-mentioned players were struck off the register : From the Halifax list, P H Wood, A Hreenwood, It

===== 0002601_19011206_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

HAYDOCK V. _BA.RROIV:

At Haydock on Saturday. After both sides had pressed, Higgins scored from short range. As hcrot having saved once but not clearing far enough. weave next missed from a penalty. Half-time: Barrow. one goal ; Haydock, none. After the interval Barrow scored a second goal. Result : Barrow, two goals ; Ha admit. none. EA.RLEBTOWN V. CHORLEY. In anticipation of a goo" game, a large number of specta- tors turned up at the Earlestown enclosure to witness the initial encounter between Eiriestown and Chorley on Satur- day. Tipping started for Chorley, who played down-hill against the wind. The visitors attacked i m mediately. and as a result of fine passing which WU id the de,ence, Tipping found the net with a capital slict. The point yrns allowed by the referee although en appeal for off side was made. Earles- town then paid a visit to the Chorley end. but their stay was very brief. Brown broke up the passing of Leach and Daw- son, and Chorley became aggressive once more. Clibborn relieved ficely and for some time play was confined to mid- field. A brilliant run by Settle and a capital centre which was well taken lay Barlow resulted in the equalizing point being cleverly scored. Earlestown began to have more of the game, Batley and Barlow being very prominent.. The occa- sional attacks of Chorley were adequately dealt with, Chew's display in goal being particularly noticeable. Eariestown up to the expiration of the first half pressed but no further scoring was done. In the second half the home team with the exception of the few brief attacks by the visitors, had matters their own way. The score was increased to four goals while the visitors failed to register another point. The result was Earlestown four, Chorley one.

WARRINGTON v. PREHCOT. A late !tart was made in thlsirnakeh which was played _ on the -.E.goal. I

.--- - Warrington on Saturolay. Frescot were at once- oO the defence. Barris° dropping the oval right In front of goal. but Johnson cleared. Then Thompson and Clare male head- way on the right, off-side spoiling their effort. A foul against Warrington saw Henry tasting Hogan, and a corner resulted. Pretty play by Howarth and Wade relieved to midfield, but Prescot by pretty passing again got down. But a bout of passing by the homesters saw them at the other end, Roger Pierpoint just topping the bar with a good shot. The visitors, through a nice run by Henry removed danger, and Howarth had to kick out, and then Morgan had a shot which went wide. Midfield was the scene of operations for some time, both sides not exerting themselves. A smart piece of work by Morgan resulted in Hobin being tested. He saved well. however. The play wag chiefly of a give and take nature and at the interval there was no score. During the second half play was even. and Hobin distinguished himself in goal, saving innumerable shots in splendid style. Darkness set in very rapidly and the players could not be distinguished with th 3 result that the referee consulted the linesmen, and the game was abandoned ten minutes before time.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE.

Position of the clubs up to Novemb'3r 30th, 1901.

Goals

Played Won Lost Dwn For Agst Pte. Bewsey All Saints lO 8 ... 0 ... 2 ... 35 ... 8 ...18 St. Anstins . l2 .. 6 ... 3 ... 3 ... 19 ...15 ...15 Warrington Trinity .Burtonwood ll . 6 2 . 3 ... 19 ...13 ...13 Latchford ll ... 3 ... 3 ... 5 ... 12 9 -.11 Latchford Britannia ...... 9 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 13 ...10 Frodsham trlsh Church 12 ... 4 6... 2 21 ...33 ...10 Stockton Ileath it .. 4 .. 6 ... 1 ... 21 ...2) ... 9 Barleatown Amatenre 10 . 3 . 4 . 3 . 19 19 Runcorn Parish Church —ll ... 3 ... 6 ... 2 ... la ...22 8 St. Marv's 9 .. 2 4 ... 3 ... ... 7 *Sankey Albions , 6 4 1.. 1 14 ...11 ... 7 Daresbury 10 . 3 6 .. 1 ... 18 ...21 ... 7 Richmonds A.F.C.... ...... -10 ... 2 ... 7 ... 1 ... 19 ...27 ... 5 Guardian A.F.C. lO .. 2 . 8 . 0 . 9 ..40 .. 4 *BurtonWood, and Sankey Albion, two points deducted for breath of rules. RUVCORN PARISI'S CHIT acre V. WARRINgT3I,T TRINITY.

At Mineola. The Parish commenced. and at once attacked. Parry relieved. The ball was then seat dead. Warrington now attacked, and Houghton scored with a neat shot. Re- suming. Runcorn were forced to defend. and Hamilton was called upon to scare.—Half-time—Warrington 2rinitv, two goals ; Rune -,ra Pariah Church, nil. There was no scaring during the second half. , RICHMOND. 3 IC:MINCERS V. SAISKEY ALBIONS.

Playea-i;EW—a-r-ringToM--en-a,-urd-ay. Richmond's started against a stiff breeze. The opening exchanges were in favour of the home team, who got down and early on forced the visiting goalkeeper to concede a corner. This was got safely away, and the Rogineers' defeace Was next busily engaged. The Richmond's right wing now in Julged in a good run along the line, which ended in the b 111 going out of play, lienegan hit the crossbar with a well directed shot. The home team were awarded a penalty, fro:. which Hill male no mistake, thus scoring the Engineers' fi,st goal. Directly afterwards the Albions got down and scored a fine goal. Half-time arrival with the score one each. On the resump- tion of play, thA visitors pressel, bat all to no purpose. The ball was now seen hovering round the visitors' goal, and Oharnock scored tea minutes after the interval. The home team were now having the best of matters, the visiting goalkeeper having to handle repeatedly. Charnock now added another point for the Ragiueers. The visitors tried hard to break through ls home defence, but to no avail. Eventually a combined ma by the Engineers' forwards ended in Witherage scoring, the visiting custodian haviag no chance to save. Richmond's rata out easy winners by four goals to one.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
of the system in F‘S IGELS- -sittlP

EVERY WOMAN

t

" For sick headaches,langm

will find a remedy— safe, sure, lasting—for constipation, impoverished blood, and all irregularities

dizziness, constipation, am kindred ailments, Seigel' lyrup is the best medicine the world," says Mrs. TAYLOR, 25, Mount- !ord St., Sparkhill,

_ 1 Id "S fr , E. TATA, ford St., Birmingham, 914/01.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
A free sample will be sent on application to THE MAZAWATTEE TEA CO., LIMITED, Tower Hill, London, E.C.

THE REV. JOHN GOULD AT WARRINGTON.

Lecture on "Charles Kingsley."

The Rev. John Gould. who conducted the recent Free Church Mission ia Warrington with marked success, re•visited Werrinzton on Sunday, and conducted the anniversary services in connection with Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. There were large congregations, the evening service being very well attended. Collections were taken on behalf of tne Trust Fund. _ _

-The •john Gould &livered an intensely inter- esting lecture on " Charles Xmzsley " in Bewsey-roid Wesleyan Church on Monday evening. There was only a small congregation, Mr R G Elenstiall presided, and there were alsa on the platform in addition to the lecturer, the Rev Theodore Bishop, Rev C H Hocken, Mr Bailey, and Mr E Place. Mr Wadsworth presided at the organ.

After devotionaf exercileS, the CHAIRMAN briefly introduced the R2V. John Gould.

- „ The LECTURER, at the outset, sketched the early life of Charles Kingsley and referred to s:me of the early impressions which affected Kingsley's future career. Mention was made of his religious doubts during his college career, and of the influenc,s which ultiinatEly led him to join the Church of England. He was subse- quently appointed curate of Eversley, in Hampshire, and afterwards rector. The Lecturer briefly, sketched the social condition of England at the time, and pointed out that when the Church was being most violently abused for the lethargy of her clergy, and her indiffere ence to the welfare of the people, Kingsley, who was greatly influenced by Frederick Denison Maurice, another Church of England clergyman, was one of the few far i seeing Church clergymen who were devoted to the wel- fare of the people. All honour. the Lecturer said, to this young cleryman.—Charles K;ngsley—who barely 30 years of age risked his projects and sscrified his health to put down the blind prejudices of the upper classes and compel them to take notice of the deplorable condi- tions of the thousands of starving women and oppressed workers weltering in degradation, the nature and cause of which few aired to inquire into. In 1849 Kingsley published the novel, " Alton Locke" in which he power- fully expressed his opinions of the social and economic questions of the time. Kingsley poured forth the whole force of his great passionate heart in wrath and indig- nation against starvation wages, reeking alleys, stifling workshops, and insanitary property. Had he done otherwise Kingsley might have been a bishop but he would not have been Charles Kingsley. At. St Paul's. he preached freedom, equality and brotherhood which greatly offended the clergy who re- garded him as the apostle of socialism. The lecturer passed in review Kingsley% literary productions describing the chief characteristics of " Yeast," " Alton Locke," " Flypatia " and " West- ward Ho." When Kingsley became chaplain to the Queen he gave up writing books of fiction and devoted himself to sanitary reform. Reference was made to Kingsley's appointment as professor of modern history at Cambridge in 1859, to his acceptance of Mr Glad. stone's offer of the canonry of Criester in 1869, and to the closing years of his life at Westminster. lii a closing eulogy on Kingsley's life, the Lecturer said Charles Kingsley was mite of the noblest and truest spirits the world had ever known. The CHAIRMAN said the Lecturer had given them a great intellectual treat and he trusted the lecture would make them better men and women.

Mr E PLACE proposed a vote of thanks to the Lecturer and Chairman.

I The Rev C HOCXEN. in seconding the vote, pointed out that the collection was on behalf of the trust fund. IThey bad about £4OO in hand, being the balance from the bazaar, but the necessities of the church required £5OO. They were now endeavouring to increase their funds so that they could safely proceed with many much-needed improvements. He expected that the decoration of the church would be commenced in the early spring. The vote was unanimously carried and the Chairman having acknowledged the compliment, the meeting ter- minated with the pronouncing of the Benediction.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mr. John Geddes, of SouthP( The death was announced, on Saturdo r...outtiport, ot Mr John Geddes (cousin of g,r Geddes, J P, of Warrington) at the age of 73 He was a nephew of the late Mr Peter Ryland' was formerly in business io Manchester and I ford. He was the chairman of the Sout Botanic Gardens Company and of the SouthPo!

Birkdale Provident So'cie.'ty,besides being conl with a number of limited cornpaniei. He 0; first impulse to the movement for the erec! the Soutbport Infirmary by a gift of £l,OO among his own public acts may be mention erection of the fog bell station at Marshside f benefit of the Southport fishermen. He prominent L'beral and was unmarried. T' mains of the deceased were on Monday cro at the Manchester Crematorium. A large 0,

of friends assembled at the Chapel-street StVe Southport, to witness the departure of the train, by which the coffin was conveyed to tile ; Amongst the Southport mournets who werepo sent at no station were the Rev James:3lellise,,,,, bad arranged to conduct the ceremony), Sir Go Pilkington (chairman), Mr G M Dent, Mr Hyde, and Mr George Eastwood (representi'o; of the Infirmary Committee), Messrs J DucV/op George Davies, S Schofield, A Carter, and well (directors), Mr J Platt (secretary), Mr voil Mr F Bull (curator), representing the 1320 gardens C3mpany ; Mr W El Shaw and C (hon secretaries), and Mr L Balsa!! (agent), Southport and Birkdale Provident Society ; a H Hindle (Accrington), Mr D C Anderson, illiAjd Barton Fletcher, executors ; Mr R H Littler, man Fisher, Mr W J Boothroyd, Mr W El Griffin, Mr H H W Kay, Councillor S v Councillor T Jones, and Mr A Keith Durha,,ii retary), representing the Southport Liberal I"

===== 0002601_19011206_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
VIGOROUS OLD AGE.

T fluo„

EVERY WOMAN smut two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated! Book liat,▪ ,41135 t valuable Information how all Irregularities and is....l"°tlons may be entirely avoided or removed by simple L .ecommended by eminen Physicians, as the only kaki▪ '°Te. and Genuine Iteasedy.'Never fah'. Thousands of Qi°lll4ll. Mr P. BLANCHARD, Daleton Lane, London.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

REWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON' TELEPHONE, 355 r.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Life's Closing Days need not be and Painful.

how' r There is something about hale. vigorous. °jog old age that always enlists the sympathy of 7 re9V,t,:f generation. British peopl 3 love the aged, 403° 0014'0 honoured survivals of the battle of life in sr' ts-a generation, and there is no more cheering Pictufigl 1111 aged people gaietly enjoying the evening of 10` fruitful life. fo r os Very often a younger generation feels Pl`; aged as well as respect. Life demands a stearaci 00, the energies of those who fight the loattl:•, 'To( life' reach old age broken in health, and the son9er:pry. „f instead of being a pleasant rest, is often a Old age need not be unhappy, as the exP]rderefie,%6 Mr Jas. Booth, of Honley Moore, near fit. 12.510 proves. At the age of seventy he owes good ut"fe, happiness to Dodd's Kidney Pills, as doss his sci sixty-three years. 'isfl tlf Mr. Booth suffered from the after-effects c'Etireste- He had terrible pains in the back, and vies -ais tre'iej a doctor, who said the kidneys were wrong. merellicill ment gave no relief, and Mr. Booth's weaknesd pAre so that he could not stoop. It was the n trala is t,js Kidney Pills, and they cured him, for ethert'iteti:l Volt back disappeared, arid be has had - since. For five years his wife suffered frona Pgitingairibliite.l2.sls and was so bad that she could not 11 took Dodd's Kidney Pills, and is alse s"" " 10 now able to get about with comfort. effecte'dfil They were astonished by the rapid cures _kin” Do both cases, and with thousands are than 011 of 1 Kidney Pills for a happy old age. ni per be%. Dodd Dodd's Kidney Pills are 25. -• • b The ,C.• 1,5;1000 Chemists,ediMedicine C0.,2 freeorost2ar Forni agn ilv o receiptet m Ave TiFtirlec: Remember the name, D-34-325.

Acton Bric cuLL 5 35 7 2 _

moar and IA 1„1555 a 9 4tratinghe t'i.5.25, 520 lotday,e, , 52. attekburn 414 days 84 ,1840kPool- -I:f.i.LB. 99, 9.

, aoltma— 'll, 9 20, s ,uarssie—: ,‘ _

95Ta 1; Chestez-L4 3 19, 422, , Collins Gr 33,7 8 7 41 Ore

O. 11 leePted. bare b

?241,b4,,e11:r btYy: CM

,1;141:c1.11.7e.1:1:anclr. lisevrgesotri7:l2B,ll_ 515, 6 rodalaam 44 10 14 oa.rston ( 15, 2 10, 4 11 ' qatUraay S

letiv4 401borne- 'Suia 'ocigh Ut

3414 va :29 40 0. gittara an •Ikciays I,7•lgehford 27. Sand 55, 41111,1ay 3 ‘itgla Level

Liverpool q 53. 1 55, LiVerpoo) 11, 210, 1R„-tiuday34; Lia.lo 2

1-.olldays !...orkdon ( 5i y. bMo

.44days kanchesl r 19. 9 25 1 rl,la „. 8 5 st3L, I•Ln anchest ir„..". 9 58.

1123 55 a •

41. _ll d'o oacd: elsSeiwaatll

"tel./ton-1 40, 105 20. 6 43 • aB. b )5,. Padgate- aB, 7 10, Pluton- 4g. blew Runcorn ukey ( 40,2 58, 4 0,1122 „„, c

a 2 55 Thuri

45.2. 4-3 ; e• routhpo pl 30, 4 0, 41,turd.a.Y Thelwall 0 n, -6Etturcia3 Widnes 1• 0, 2 sg, • 9a- g

Widnes 20, 515 , Wigan_ 3 50 °Q. 6 0.,'

_ 56 Z 1 0. 9 10 Glasg( tralbor 9110 4o 2 liough 2 1.4 910.

qundays ,Inteht( 9,4 55 „Liven 43. 0.50 v3(13 iC 2 Ak' ICII3iL a, i.verp ao

T olni u °lon /10 /2 tYtnn b 14. B.llC'

,go,e Aoit,:. e t t? 4 1

===== 0002601_19011206_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
and the plain and simple fact that

MAZAWATTEE COCOA is twice

the strength of any other British-

made cocoa, and goes twice as far,

is so stubborn that it cannot possibly

be got over. Nothing is easier of

proof. It requires no chemical analysis

to demonstrate its truth. Cocoa-

drinkers can verify the fact for them-

selves by using half a teaspoonful of

MAZAWATTEE COCOA against a

teaspoonful of any other British-made

cocoa in the ordinary way. This

simple test will convince them. If

the same quantity of each be used,

the superiority of AIAZAWATTEE

COCOA is so marked that it can be

instantly detected blindfold. There-

fore, put a common-sense fact to a

common-sense test, and establish the

proof for yourselves.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 6 1901

===== 0002601_19011206_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
COA6 ULINE TRAMPARENT (BIM, FOR AU. BROKEII ARTICLES.

MANL/FACT,ORY.- STOCKPORT. ENGLAND.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Weak Stomach, im

laired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTINENT

~.._ GRAND One of the "Sights of London."

The Grandest Collection of Presents A'••• AAR hr the World.

Which will be sent post free to any address on receipt of a card. Brimful of Presents for Old and Young. Everything required for gifts or Amusements is contained therein, at a saving of 40 per cent, over most houses. We have made an enormous purchase of Useful Presents, Toys and Scientific Novelties, both in _

AMERICAA THEN C NTINENT '43 are offering until Xmas at a Great Reduction.

which

BROUGHT TO

11.8.-A Special Line of Gramophones, Phenol

- I 0.1..

===== 0002601_19011206_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LONDON

AND THE

===== 0002601_19011206_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS.

_ COMPOUND RENAL ,PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy ov other Deposits. Stone In the Bladder, Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "(WALTER DH BOOS, LONDON." thereon, by order of bee Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price is. lid. and 22.9 d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor, olford House. Holford-sausre, Louafgt• Wm.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR DOOR

1 By a Post Card. rraphs & Magic Lanterns.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN!

--- Why sufferTfrom pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aid gvarsnteed g enui "I cannot find words to express ow Alma., a, am. I used to think I never would get aural. I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.-19.P.M." " I nave carried out your Instructions, and am now per lectly we11.—.1.T." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGS. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Benda onoe and be mired. 12 Years Continuous Sul:Geed

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER Is A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD. CLEANSBS the system from all impurities.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
IT WILL PAY YOU

TO SEND TO

AS

Write to-day for a copy of the Illustrated Catalogue of

===== 0002601_19011206_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
G,,AL,..,::,_,,,,,5., Irs

LONDON

FOR "StOILT

CURES PIMPLES ON THE FACE.

CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS ANL ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES. TESTIMONIAL. Messrs. BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered front a bad leg and dropsy for .sozie time, and had been in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give It a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy. that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do.

(Signed) G. P. SOLOMON. PRICES is. AND is. 9J. PER BOTTLE.

SULPHUR TABLETS

===== 0002601_19011206_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAIN AL Z THE VIRTUES OF THAT

OLD FASHIONED REMEDY.

PRICES 6D. AND 11D. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually suld.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPOUND

SARSAPARILLA PACKETS,

Composed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacum Wood, Mezereoa Root, Licorice, tc. 8D PER PACKET. Makes one qu rt. Full directions enclosed.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS VARNISH STAINS.

Give a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, I4e Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one oparation.

Usual 6d size for 41-1., is size for Si., 2s 6d size for Is Si per bottle.

FURNITURE CREAM.

Gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and n ench-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks.

6d bottle for 4d., is. bottle for 7d.

BRUNSWICK BLACK.

Will make Ironwork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine ot patent leather boots does to a well dressed woman.

63. size for 4d.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT.

As used by Cabinet Makers, (Elders and Decors tots. Has the original brightness of C-Jld, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance.

Boots reduced price, is. bottle for 7.1-d.

UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH.

BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR METAL POLISH will clean every kind of Meta,. Brass, Steel or Iron, and is invaluable In householci use. Trial size, usual 2d. for Id. is, tins for 4d.

WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY

AMMONIA.

Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver, crockery,fmirrors,windows,,cut glass, but especially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, AM., from wash-boards and floors. It la also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. la. bottle for 10d., small trial size 61.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
HAT VARNISHES.

Before tha great picture exhibitions in London open, comes a day which artists call varnishing day. The nimble angers of our girl workers have also their varnishing day. when they varnish last season's hat to do another turn—Boots Hat Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted colours are the best for this purpose. Price 41d per bottle.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREET IWARRINGTON. 5, BRIDGE-STREET

GREAT CASH SALE.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD*

BASNET f STREET, LIVERPOOL. PARIS MODELS IN MILLINERY AT MODERATE PRICES,

===== 0002601_19011206_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY,

THE NEW AND EFFECTIVE FELT FRIEZE ZIBELINE HATS,

IN THE LATERTIANDIMOST STYLISE{ FORMS SMART FEATHER TOQUES IN A GREAr VARIETY OF STYLES AT VERY MODERATE PRICES,

NEW COSTUMES COATS AND SKIRTS, WALKINGIDRIGSSES. THE LATEST NOVELTIES:IN

LADIES AIANTLES, YOUNG LADIES' JACKETS. EVENING CLOAKS, TRAVELLING CLOAKS. AC. BICH FURS.

TENDING VISITORS TO V BRIGHTON WILL DO WELL To WRITE OR CALL AT

VVEBSTER'S PIFR CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24. VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to suit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) specially catered for. Write at once tor Terms.

YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. places it before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to the Public. keeps your name before them, terve' to make you eteir known among them, at a 'very small coat.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARIGRAPES.

FTIIIII. ORATOR: What i 8 better than to die tea eue's eauntry ?" Pensioner: To live on her." " WHAT is conscience-money, pa?" "Cons 'deuce-money? It is the trifle your mother:leavei in my pocket when she cleans out all the rest." "%VXLL, Bobby, what do you want to be when you grow up?" Bobby (suffering from parental discipline): "An orphan." Wusa a girt gets married the women inquire "how her mother took it," as though it was a tuners:. " I HEAR you've got a very industrious hus- band." •` Yes, mum ; he's always finding some- thin.? for me to do." " You don't agree with Shakespeare that the chin is the father of the man ?" "Not always. kins ie sometimes the mother of the woman." Jtv " What's Winkers doing for a living no !" Blink.: "Oh, anything that his rich wife t-tl.- Hit : " I want to know, once for all, who is the roaster of this house!" She: "You'll be much haproer if you don't find out." BUT : "Papa, where's Atoms ?" Papa : "Athens, you mean, child." Boy: "No, papa— Atom% the place where people are blown to." TEACHER: "Mary, make a sentence with 'dogma' as subject." Mary (after careful thought): "The dogma has three puppies." ifns. JING9O (visiting; time, 11 p.m.): "Has your ousli.vtol any shortcomings?" Mrs. Hingso (lookirtg furtively at the clock): " No, it's his loog•oominge that worry me." NiRS. W;CIiWIRE : "Why don't you exercise the talent's Providence has bestowed on you, instead of begging ?" Beggar "Lady, Providence has give itne the best beggin' talents in the profession." " I HAVE discovered another clue," said the de- tective. •• What a grand thing it would be," re- turned the man who had employed him, "if clues were erim'.nals." "1 HE worm will turn," she said. "Of course," be rcpued. "The worm is built on a plan that make e turning comparatively easy. It's more or less of a turn itself.' SHE "Did you ever kiss a girl when she IVAPICG Looking?" He: " Yes ; but only once. She salmon me do it over again when she was looking." JUNKS: "Why don't they make bicycle wheels with taotaien spokes, the same as carriage wheels?" Biota : "Why, no one could tell whin were the spoke., and which were the legs." "Br jove 1 just look at that hat skimming into the water!" "By-the-way, where is your hat? Did you leave it in the cabin?" "No; I dis- tip remember having it on when I came on deck '.eat Scott! that's my hat 1" Piton:sate:sm. : "Please gimme sixpence, sir, to bay mon, bread." Muggins : "Why, I gave you si aiience not half-an-hour ago." Professional (taking in toe situation): "Yes, sir, I know, sir; but I —P-1 a terrible bread-eater." bAYON PASSENGER (on Highland coach): "Of course, you're well acquainted with the country round about her. Do you know Glen Accron ?" Driver: "Ay, weel." Saxon Passenger (who has jun.: about the estate): "What sort of a place is it?' Driver: " Well, if ye saw the de'il tethered met. ve'il just say, Pair brute I' " YOUNG AUTHOR: "Tell me frankly what you think of the manuscript of my book? I want to get it in shape for publication, as I have several ether irons in the fire." Critical Friend : " Well, that being the case, I would advise you to use the nianu,cript for fuel. It might at least help to heat the other irons." A couterrux parson's gardener was dismissed by Lis master for stealing. The following is the entry in the diary: "The Scripture enjoins us that 'if a man take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also.' This morning, having found out John had been stealing my pctstoes, I have given lii,,, the sack." YOUNG LADY: "I suppose you have had some narrow" escapes, Lieutenant Dashaway ? " Lieu- tenant Dashaway : " Y-a-a-s. Awfully narrow escape once, bah Jove !" Young Lady (breath- lessly): In what way?" Lieutenant Dashaway : " Vawy near ordahed on active service, don'tcher- know, but the war came to an end before we em

I

I

I

7 • a' '

k

I

I

•

•

barked." Tire safest plan to pursue at a reception where the waiters and male guests are clad in swallow- taila is to jam your hands into your trouser's pockets and jingle a few coins when you meet a stranger. If his eyes begin to bulge and his hand commences to travel towards you he's a waiter. This is a straight tip. SHE had just accepted him, and they were bliss- fully discussing the "might-have-beens." " Dar- beg, ' he inquired, in the tone of one who knows what the answer will be—" darling, why didn't you accept that little donkey of a dude?" " cause," she answered, dreamily, "I loved another." " How's this? You're already advertising again a dog lost. That's the third dog you've lest in a month !" "Oh, it's just my luck ! Since my daughter has been taking singing lessons I can't keep an animal in the place !" THE addresses of a young man having been de. alined by a young lady, he paid court to her deter. " Ho-N much you resemble your sister," said he the evening of his first call. " You have the same hair, the same forehead, and the satne eyes—" " And the same noes !" she added quiekiy. Est eLOYICR : " Why did you let that collector in bite? Why didn't you tell him I Was out of town ?" Office Boy : " I did tell him so, but jist then you yelled: 'Here, Jimmy. Confound you, stop arguers' out in the hall and bring them letters t me. I'm waitin !'" Ks Eel THE SIGNS.—The postman left a letter at the house of Mr. Binks-Jones, whose son is at college. Mr. B. J.: "Here is a letter from Charles:" Mrs. B. J. : "Read it." Mr. B. (reading) : "'My dearest, darlingest mother--'" Mrs. B. J.: "Great heavens ! The young scoun- drei needs more money again already !" KITCHENMAID (at china shop) : " What ! Only a ha,lt•nrown tip? During the past year I have broken three soup tureens, twenty-six cups, thirty- five saucers, five meat dishes and fifty-six ' kihopman: "Well, then, here's another fl ; ond don't forget me, you know." " YOUNG man, my daughter is too young to marry. A girl of her age caremot be sure of her own mind in a matter of such importance." fully realise that," replied the young man, who had just secured the fair one's coneent. " That's why I don't want to wait." MIN IN HARD LUCK : "I am reduced to the psintol expedient of asking you to buy the diamonds in my wife's jewellery and to replace them with imitetions." Jeweller (examining the jewel?) : "Your wife evidently has preceded you in evolving

that clever plan." . "AH l" sighed she. "I wish you owned a yacht. It would he just lovely to go for a cruise." "sorry I can't oblige you," replied the young man, "bit the best I can offer is a little smack." And the silence was punctured le; a sound

resembling the explosion Of a pop-gun.- " DON'T waste your time lopping off the brew:hes," said the woodman to his son, " but lay the axe at the root of the tree." And the young man, being a dutiful and obedient son, did exactly as his father bade him, and then went out Eqhing, and enjoyed himself. Thus virtue was rewarded— until he met his father again. "THEY say that electricity is a sure antidote for the sting of bees." said the electrical enthu- siaat. " Yes I've tried it," said the A tUdent. " Really ? How did it work?" "Well, a bee stung me, and it hurt me so that I applied the electricity. After that I went over and sat down in a hornets' nest to see if I couldn't get over the effects of the cure." "ALL bosh," said Smithers, "about this wire- less telegraphy," as he threw down the evening paper. "I don't quite understand it myself," said Smithers' wife. "Why, I tell you it isn't practical. They propose to send messages on air waves. Now, supposing the wind doesn't happen to blow. Without waves the thing won't work. All bosh AT a school inspection some of the boys found a difficulty in the correct placing of the letters "i " and "a" in such words as "believe," "receive," etc. When the inspector said blandly: "My boys, I will give you an infallible rule, one I in- variably use myself," the pupils were all attention, and even the master pricked up his ears. The in- spector continued: "It is simply, this: Write the i and 'e ' exactly alike, and put the dot in this middle over them."

31 riCgO COOK, 1/7 sirtuEaDtioinmranV'wtse gessma222lamtoill2e4x.ilisinsit 111:DION. 19, Irlam-street, !Warrington. WANTBD GIRL, mutt be strong, shout 19, some exce—ri- eace. five In family. wcman to wash, help given.— Mau W, 30, cycle-me& west Didsbury, Manchester.

WANTED 110M3ENIAID-VVAITNEE 9, experienced small fproily In Warrirgtcn. wages £l9 to £2o. Appty bliss ituniox, Iriam street, Warrington.

WANTED, GENEBAL SERVANT, sge 25 Ie to wash; small tonally ; wages 51 weekly ; good home—TAE XecoratOr. Eccles New-soad,Weaste, near Manchester.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

An Interesting Exhibit.

There is at present on view in the shop window of Messrs Boyden Bros., tailors, Sankey-street, a flag which was formerly used by the Ermelo Commando of Transvaal Boers, but was buried in the Usoto Spruit, where it was found by a Kaffir boy on the 17th June. The flag, which is bordered with red, brie and green, has a centre of white on which there is an oval shape depict- ing a lion in a sitting position, a young Boer, and under- neath a transport waggon and an anchor. The ti IF, is ornamented with gold tassels. It was secured by Ser- geant Fred Monks, of the Rifle Brigade, who sent it home to his brother at Warrington for safe keeping.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Militia Battalion Embodied.

Scene at Bank Quay Station.

On Monday afternoon the men of the 3rd (late sth) Battalion of the K ng's Liverpool Regiment left War- rington for Litchfield to uncltr2o training, prior, it is expected, to being diEprtcheci to South Africa. The battalion, numbering nearly 600 men and 22 officers, assembled at Orfora Barracks and proceeded to Bank Quay Railway Station, where two special trains had been chartered to convey them to Litchfield, prepara- tory to their departure for the front. The men, who where under the command of Colonel Bat:en, were played to the station by tbe band of the regment. The men quickly entrained, and as the trains were leaving the station, the band struck up the familiar tune of " Auld Lang Syne." the crowds outside the atation,who had accompanied the soldiers in their march through the streets, cheering hcartily. The men volunte,red for active service about 18 months ago, and the orders to embody, a week or two back, came as a distinct sur- prise to all. The soldiers looked fit and w 1 and seemed to be in the best of spirits.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Lieutenant Broadbent.

Pulpit Reference by the Rev. F. A. Screeton

At Christ Church, Latchford, on Sunday morning, the Vicar (Rev I, A Screetem) made a briet rference to the death of Lieutenatt J W Breadbent. The subject of the sermon was " Judgment, Human, and Divine," the text being " The righteous judgment of God," Romans 2, V. In the course of his sermon the preacher said that the fallibility of human judgment bad seldom been more clearly exemplified than in the great war in which we were still engaged. Very few people in this country in 1899 had a true insight into the nature of the struggle we were entering upon. It was confidently expected that once beaters the Boer would give in. He had not been beaten and that was why he was so ready to go to war. Twenty thcusand British lives had paid the pen- alty of war—thousands of Boers lay huddled in lone graves and dear lited homesteads because the awful arm of war had drawn all veils aside and now the hidden realities stood out bare and naked for judg- ment. We talked about the horrors of war, the disaster of war—they were almost hackneyed phrases, and far Irene ecenes of action and shrieks of wounded and groans of dying they did not reaFze all that It meant, till, perhaps, one whom they had known, living in ens of their homesteads, was included amongst those who had bravely sacrificed life itself for the good of the country and honour of our flag. Then it came home to them more, and they thought cf the thousands of other homes wrapped in sorrow and desolation because they had lost their brave sons for the sake of the Empire and of those 'whom they had left behind in quietness and security. In their deep regret for the loss of one whose home was amongst their's and in their unrestrained sympathy for those who mourned him, they could not but feel proud of him and thcuaands of others who regarded not their own safety when th 3 country needed them and died for the land that gave them birth. Robert Hall, in his great oration against Napoleon Bonaparte when it was thought he was going to invade this country said !—" He has al- ready lived too long who survives the ruin of his country. Let us make one effort and if fall we must let us fall like men." Every war was a judgment. God was judging Briton and Boer. They appealed to the God of battles and that appeal had not yet been finally answered.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Memorial Service at Christ Church.

A very impressive memorial sercice was held at Christ Church on Monday afternoon. Evidence of the esteem in which the deceased officer was held was to be seen in the large congregation which assembled. Those present included the Adjutant and a number of officers of the Volunteer Battalion, officers from the barracks, and local clergymcn. The vicar conducted the services which consisted of a portion of the office for the Burial of the Dead with hsmns and special prayers. The hymns sung were appropriate to the occasion, being " They whose course on earth is o'er,' and "For all the saints who from thcir labours Tett." At the conclusion of the service the con the March in " Saul" was Atkinson, who presided at

===== 0002601_19011206_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
engin_ congregation fitood whilst Dead Department be ,V 0 he bad given utterance to. Messrs Read and impressively played by Miss J Waring. the engineers appointed to carry out the water I -t the organ. -nrkr --tensi( - had told him that the best '

- works-e-x. ions , .od him that the host thing t o be done was foo the Council to appoint a resident engineer who would act as clerk of works. A clerk of works at £3 a week would cost £156 a year.TMr Borron prcceeded to refer to the valuable information which an engineer would be able to gain whilst acting as clerk of works. and which would be of great value to the Council and of assistance to the Water Committee. Ho spoke of the great loss to the Water Committee occasioned by the retirement of Mr See, who as a practical engineer, was able to give valaable assistance. Since Mr Slee left he (Mr Borron) bad felt the loss of Mr Sift's assistance very mush, He hoped the Council would appoint a manag- ing engineer so that by strict supervision they would be able to prevent the repetition of those miserable bresk- downs they had bad during the last two years. The additional mor.ey spent en an engineer would be money well spent. ;Spar Gilmour thought it was a school-boyish trick to transact business at one meeting and rescind it at the next. Mr Thompson sunpr‘rterl the motion and defended the action of the Gas 'Committee in appointing an engineer of their own. The result of appointing a joint gas and water engineer as suggested would be that the Gas Committee would get very little of the engineer's services owing to the demands which would be made upon his time by the water works extensions. He pro- ceeded to refer to the irnportince of increasing the out- put of the gas works in order to meet the growing requirements of the district. He was anxious as soon las possible to bring about a reduetion in the price of ' gag. (Hear, hear.) If they allowed the resolution res- pecting the appointment of a gas and water engineer to stand he was certain it would not be in the interests of the Gas Department. Mr J W Emmett contended that it was unne cessary to appoint a water engineer at - salary of £3OO per annum seeing that they had appointed engineers to carry out the extension scheme. At the same time he thought it was desirable that the Council should have some one in authority as clerk of works. Mr Wood asked why the advertisement for a joint gas and water engineer had been kept out of the newspapers when it was decided a month ago to instruct the clerk to advertise ?

The Clerk gave a clear statement of what bad • hap-- pened in the meantime.SHe drew up a form of advertise meat which stated the duties to be performed in the gas and water departments by the engineer. He then sub- nutted it to the chairmen of the respective committees for confirmation. Mr Borron approved of the advertise- ment so far as it related to the Wt n' department but Mr Thompson said he disagreed with the proposal and could not sanction the advertisement, He (the Clerk) then submitted the draft of , the advertisement to the Chairman of the Staff Committee, and he suggested that the matter had better be set t'ed by the Council. It was on that account that the advertisement had not appeared in the newspapers. Mr Wood considered that Mr Cole's statement was extraordinary not to say astounding. He thought it established a very dangerous precedent. It made it easy for anyone who did not agree with a resolution of the Council to go to the clerk and esk him to put it back for further corsideration. He did not raise the ques- tion because he was opposed to the appointnaent of a separate engineer for the gas works because he was quite aware that Mr Thompson had a great deal in hand. He was under the impression that if it was found Mr Bowes could do the work at the gas works, the remun- eration was not to exceed £25. He saw by a resolution of the Gas Committee that it was now to be £5O. Con- tinuing Mr Wood said they were bound to have a clerk of works during the water works extensions and he thought it was absolutely necessary that they should have a competent engineer to look after the water works during the construction of that work. (Hear, hear). I He did not think they would get a man to do that work . I for £l2O. It was cortninly not the work of a mall wright. Up to the present time they had had serious breakdowns in their water supply and if it had not been knowafon utnh eewr goodhvei ar em e theynapt cus would 000 nuf thedu ri haverailwayc6 s tbeen.he company be did not They would be in y proceeded with this work. It was absolutely necessary to have a water en- gineer to act as clerk of works. The Chairman thought the discussion that afternoon had rroved the advisability of the step taken with reference to the advertisement. After further discussion a vote Wag taken and the motion proposed by Mr Smith was carried.

. _ TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE. A. letter was from the Clerk of the County Council stat- ing that the County Council:hadplaced at the disponi of the Technical Instruction Committee a sum of £6,000 for the encouragement of t?chnical Instruction in urban , districts that out of this vcte the Technical Instruction Committee had decided to distribute a sum of £2,000 amongst the urbau districts on the same principle as last year, i.e., in propertion to the amounts devoted by them respectively, from the local rates, towards the support of technical instruction, upon the condition that they have continued to lay a rate, and to contri

===== 0002601_19011206_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

HOW IT IS MADE, HOW IT CURES, AND WHY IT

IS THE BEST. LUNG AND CBEST DISEASES EXPLAINED. Coughs may be due to any of the following causes: 1. Enlarged tonsils. 2. Muer za. 3. Enlarged uvula. 4. Inflamed throat 5. BroncLitis and asthma 6. Inflammation of the lungs. 7. Pneumonia. 8. Consumption. 9. Pk uri3v. 10. Stomach disorders. 11. Croup._ .

A cough may be dry and hard, or loose with much expectoration. It may be catarrhal with a dry tickling in the throat, accompanied by partill stoppage of the nostrils and fir;rtness of breath. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is prepared with the object of removing the cause of the Cough, not smothering it, sutduing it, or easing it, but curing the diseased anditions which produce it. It is admittedly a scientific remedy, en- dorsed and used by doctors, this fact alone should convince: It is far superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. No doctor will recommend the common syrupy mixtures so often sold at a cheap price, and which are of no practical value, except to ease the Cough for the t;me being. VENDS LIGHTNING Cocoa Cunz not only radically cures the most stutborn Coughs, but strengthens the lungs and gives perfect ease in breathing. It is also a specific for the cure of Influenza. It is prepared in one of the most modern laboratories in the wor:d, on scientific principles and from ingredients never before tired in Great Britain Ask for VENO'S LIGHINING COUGH Cung.don't be per suaded to take any other, insist on " VENO'S." Pric Is. 'Ad. and 25.9,1. All Chemists and Medicine Vendors

===== 0002601_19011206_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
- CANON WOOD AND THE RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION.

Writing in the " Runcorn Parish Magazine" this month the Vicar in his letter to his parishioners, referring among other subjects to the nchool Board Election says :—" The subject on which you will expect a few words from me, is, 1 am sure, the School Board Election. For the first time for many years the Progressives will have a majority.We mus accept chtertullythe ratepayers'verdict, and try to work with the opposite side if they will allow us Personally I have been attacked with a virulence to me extremely surprising. It is of course true,as I hastened to say, directly I knew it, that the 4d by which the School Board rate rose from 1893 to tee latter half of 1898, was not all due to the transfer of thb Wesleyan schools We thought it was and said so. But I could not have conceived that anyone would suppose 1 had purposely said what I knew not to be correct. And besides our argument does not de- pend upon the amount of the increase. So long as the expense of taking over a Voluntary School is substantial, the ratepayers must always regard the managers of Voluntary Schools as their friends. And as I certainly am not given to saying what I know to be false, so neither had I any sort of in- tention of attacking the Wesleyans. I should have as freely used the closing of a church school as an object lesson as I used the closing of the- Wesleyan school. From to the election just past, the matter lay dormant, and it was without a misgiving that we took up the some 4d 89 the amount. Owing to the questions never- having been raised at the Board, I had never'looked into the figures, Of course I ought to. have done so, and by not doing E 0 1 laid myself fairly open to a charge of carelessness. What a ' great pity, that we just lost Mr Cunningham ! so good and useful a member of the Board. I fear the town will suffer very much and I am sure I shall."

W. T. WILLtasza.—SPECIALIST in MILLINERY. DRESSES and MANTLES.-74, SANKEY-STREET, and 1. LFGH STEEET, Warrington. H. M. ASHTON'S tint TONIC Ta THE KING OF TONICS.-63. SAS+ KET-BIRFEr, Warrington.—(Advt.)

- - H. IE ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is ra-m KING OF TONICS.-63. SANE EY-9TREET, Warrlagtarl.— A4v t PUBLIC/ BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCIDroriE HST BOOTS IN LANCE\ SHIHI3.—A3st ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Adst.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19011206_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The Water Controversy. The Proposed Gas and Water . Engineer.

There was a two hours' sitting of the Newton Urban District Council on Monday evening when the subject of the appointment of ass and water engineer caused a long discussion. In the unavoidable absence of Mr Collingwcod (chairman of the Council), the chair was occupied by Mr T Ormand. There werA also present : Messrs C B F Borron, J.P., J W Emmett, J.P., J Smith, Dr Patterson, Dr Latham, W Thompson, J Simpson, N Siddeley, F J Wood, W Gilmour, E L B ‘nt, El Evans, J Fitzgerald with C Cole (clerk), A Bowes (surveyor), aud 11 0 Timmins (gas and water engineer). 51R. SMITH AND THE APPOINTMENT OF GAS AND WATER ENGINEER.

Prior to proceeding with the consideration of the minutes of the several committees, Mr A Smith a3ked the Council to consider a motion which stood in his name and which read as follows .---"Tnat the resolution of the joint meeting of the Gas and Water Committee adopted by the Council at their meeting on the ath November last with reference- to the appointment of a water and gas engineer be rescinded, and that the ques- tion of appointment of a water engineer be referred to the Water Committee, and further that it be an instruc- tion to the Water Committee to consider how far the duties of water engineer can be performed by the mill- wright, proposed to be appointed, at all events until such time as the proposed eat msions of the waterworks shall be completed." Mr Smith contended that the Standing Orders allowed him to move that his motion should have precedence as it affected some of the minutes which would come before the Council for con- firmation. Ho theretore moved that his motion should have precedence. Mr E T Evans seconded. A discussion ensued in which Mr Gilmour, Me Bo rron, Dr Latham and the Chairman took part and eventually Mr Smith's proposition was carried by seven votes to six. Mr Smith then moved the motion which stood in his name and said that at the last meeting the Council resolved that a gas and water engineer be advertised for at a salary of £3OO per annum. Be was not prevent at that meeting, but, from what had transpired since, it seemed that that resalution was arrived at without sufficient regard for the whole of the circumstances of the case. At all events, the resolution did not commend itself to the Gas Committee for that committee had decided to appoint Mr Bowes to act as g 9 engineer. The Gas Committee had no desire tor a com- bined ;officer to manage the water department and the gas department. It seemed to him to follow that the resolution appointing a joint water and gas engineer must be rescinded. It would be useless to ap- point a joint water and gas engineer when he would not be allowed to have anything to do with the gas works, and it seemed to him that £3OO per annum was alto- gether too much to pay the gentleman to manage the Water Department alone. He wanted to remind the Council of what was being done with reference to the water extensions. They had appointed an expert firm to carry out their water extension scheme, and that firm would be responsible to the Council for the carrying out of that, and he contended that it would be a mistake for them to appoint an Engineer in addition. There were something like 300 applications for the position of mill-wright at the water works, and so far as those works were concerned the work was of a purely mechanical kind and a millwright would be able to do everything required until the extensions were handed over to them in a cemalete state. There was the financial aspect to be looked at. They were embarking upon expenditure which if not closely looked after must eventual's had to an increase of rates, and under the existing state of affairs they could not afford to pay £3OO per annum for an engineer of a Single department. They would have to pay the experts about £750 and £l2O for a millwright, and he thought It was altogether tco much to pay £3OO for a water engineer. Mr E T Evans seconded the motion, and thought the millwright would b 3 able to manage what was required ; at the present water works. It was necessary that the expenditure should b 3 kept" down or there would be an increase of rates. The Chairman pointed out that it was necessary to differentiate between rates and rentals. Any increased cost in the management of the Water Works would not cause an increase of rates, bat an increased water ren- tal which the consumer would have to pay. Mr Herron called attention to the fact that the Gas Committee was not only appointing a gas engineer in the person of Mr 133wes, but also a consulting Engineer to prepare an extension scheme and to advise the Com- mittee. He contended that if Mr Smith had been fully eisant of all the matters relating to the Water —.eat - would not have made the ob.eryations

===== 0002601_19011206_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 6, 1901 NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS

bute from the local rates an amount equivalent on the average to not less than id in the pound during the last three years ; and secondly, that they will pay out of this special grant any deficiency which may arise in carrying on Evening Continuation Classes within the district during the current year, so as to prevent these classes from being discontinued ; and thirdly, that the balance shall be spent in accordance with the scheme to be first submitted to the Technical Instruction Com- mittee for its approval. It was resolved that the letter be referred to the Viaduct Institute Technical Instruc- tion Committee, and that they be asked to consider the same and report to this committee thereon. GAS COMMITTEE. MR. BOWES TO BE GAS ENGINEER.

The Gas Committee resolved that the engineer be direct2d to prepare plan and estimat eof the cost of providing doors for the. Sulphate house. and submit them tp the Gas Extensiras CoromitteP.and that such Committee be empowered toicarry out the work and that the matter of the supply of coal to the Gas Works by the contractors not being equal to sample, be referred to the Chairman of this Committee, with power to enforce the terms of the coatract if necer- sarv.

Mr H 0 Timmins reported to the committee upon the lighting of streeta ' and public footpaths in the town- ship. He said "I would recommend the re-arrange- ment of lamps as per tracing herewith in Marke,-atreco' Bridge-street. and Railway-street with the addition of four new lamps in Market-street, one additional lamo in Bridge-street, and one in Railway-street. and to he fitted with incandescent burners. I would also recom- mend that 16 new lamps be fixed along the Mesnes, 9 new lamps in Victoria-road, and 8 in new portion of Viaduct street. In making the alterations to lamps in Bridge-street, it will be necessary to fir an additional lamp in Cross-lane near the top of Fairclouvh-street. I would suggest that an additional lamp be fixed in War- grave-road near the railway crossing :, that an incan- descent lamp be fixed opposite the Mission Hall, in Brunswick-street, one lamp in Back Crant-atreet, one lamp in Hotel-street, and one lamp in Water-lane (off Crow-lane), and two lamps in new street (not named) on Common.'' It was resolved that the Engineer be directed to prepare and submit to the Committee an estimate of the cost of lighting the places named in his reports, and also of the cost of lighting Rob-lane to the boundary of Golborne, and that the Council he recom- mended to light the road leading through the Vulcan village on the owners of property abutting on the said road giving an undertaking that by so doing the right of the Council to execute other works of street improve- ment at the cost of the owners, will not be prejhdiced. It was further resolved that the Clerk he inatructed to ask the Golborne Urban District Council whether it is prepared to continue the street lamps along the road to the boundary of its district in Rob-lane, if this Council decides to light the part in its district. It was resolved that • a similar application be made to the Havdoek Council as regards the lighting rf Vista-road. The following resolutions were ID,4qPI with reference to the management :—That Mr J T floggard (the Gas Works foreman) be appointed the Works Manager : That a Consulting E egineer be appointed when necessary to make a thorough examination of the Gas Works, to prepare a scheme for its extension and report thereon to the Gas Extensions Committee, and also to advise the Gas Extensions Committee moon any other matter which may come before them from time to time. That tha Surveyor (Mr A Bowes) be appointed to act as gas I engineer to the Council, and that he be paid a salary at the rate of £5O per annum for so doing. Mr. Thompson moved the adoption of the minutes. Mr. Borron referred to Mr Thompson's statement at an earlier period of the meeting that the committee was scarcely ahle to meet the reply and yet he saw by the minutes that there was a proposal ro light Imo private property. Alluding to the appointment lof Mr. Bowes RS gas engineer he mentioned that there were several important schemes in connection with the sanitary departmeot such as the treatment of sewage. the provision of an isolation hospital and the making of streets, which had been hung up for the last two or three years. If it was the intention of the Council to Proceed with these schemes he did not see how Mr. Bowes would be able to find time for the gas works management. They were reverting to a systam which was in vogue before Mr Bowes cams to the district aed which he considered was a mistake. Then again Mr. Timmins notice of resignation would not expire until the end of January yet they were appointing a successor that night to take Mr Timmins place. He con- .ddered they were casting a slur upon Mr Timmins He moved that the resolution referring Pr) Mr Bowes be referred back for further consideration Mr Wood seconded.

Mr Emmett said Mr Bowes was asked if he could undertake the duties of the Gas Denartcormt without interfering with big work in the Sanitary Denartm. (mt. and he raplied that it would not interfere with his other dutios.

Mr Smith said it was he who raised the question. and he believed he was the only one who voted against the Proposition with regard to the appointment of Mr BOWPS. Mr Borron was present and voted for it. Mr 13nrron said he had not the sligbtest recollection of what Mr Smith had stated. In the course of forth., discussion it was plinted 00 that there was no intention to oust Mr Timmins from the position of gee engineer until the period of hi; resignation expired and it was ultimately agreed to alter the resolution fixing the commencement of Mr Bowes' dirtiel on the Ist February. The minutes were I then passed. THE CONDITION OF VGLCA'N-ROXD. I -"At the meeting of the highways Committee the Sur- veyor reported with respect to the cost of putting into no )(1 condition the road leading through the Venn I village. It was resolved that the Surveyor inform the Surveyor to the Warrington Rural District Council, in reply to the letter which was submitted to the last meeting, that this committee cannot see their w y to recommend the Council to repair the road. The Repept of the Isolation Floanitil Sub-Committee lof the 31,t October last, was received and adopted. A I letter coal read from the Town Clerk of Warrin,ton, ttaring that he had conferred with their Medical OFfieer of Health with respect to the non-admisston of several eases of infectious disease from this dietrint into their I Isolation Hospital, and that the Medical Officer stated i that he felt bound to reserve beds for Warrington i Patients, to provide for any sudden increase of patients from the Borough. Heals' stated that the Corporation are now building additional wards, which will lessen the diffieuttv of receiving cages; from Newton Township. These minutes were adopted. THE TRAMWAY SCHEME. _

Ara meeting of the General Purposes Committer the Clark reported with respect to the correspondenre with Messrs Kincaid. Waller and Manville, the engineers to the South Lancashire Tramwava Co., as to the Com- mittee's objPetiOß to the plans which were submitted by them on the 22nd July last (Minute No. 263), sbewing the position of certain of the proposed tramways in the district, together with the proposed widenings, and stated that the engineers to the Company had agreed to ins-rt in the specification tar grouting for cement grout- ing. With respect to the Council's requirements (a) tit the cobbles and paving now in Crow-lane should be taken up and replaced with macadam, and (b) that widenings should be made opposite to Legh-terrace in Crow-lane, and at Safton-street. Fairbrothere-bridge.and Church-street, Mr Giuseppi (one of the engineers to the Tramways Co') attended before the Committee, and stated that as' the roadways opposite Legh-Terramand at Sefton-street, are so very nearly the requisite width, he considered it would be unreasonable to ask the Corn- panv to take propPrty And set back the garden walls, and that if the Council would not insist upon the acqui- sition of lard for this purpose, the Company would agree to carry out the other requirements of the Council —lt was resolved that on the Company agreeing in writing to carry out the'regutrements above referred to. and to construct a foundation of cement concrete under such paving in High-street and Church-street as is re- laid by the Company, the widenings at LeF..h-terrace and Ssfton-street be done by the Company taking the land required irecdomfrmomitttehea,sexmiltniuntgeswere wfootpaths.confirmd. i

Local Success. Mr Fred Pndmore, of 32, Lovely-lane, mil of rtofecsor J B Caldwell, has been admitted as a member of the International Union of Musicians AI C for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL ATSRS.—Advt

For Private cHnismas CARDS see Moriert,L's, Bewsey-street—Advt. Local Commissions.

The following- has been i-s-srue.ci—from the War Office, dated December 3 :—The Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) : Lieutenant C 1-1 Marsh, D. 5.0., to be seconded for service with the Indian Staff Corpa ; dated Septem- ber 23. The promotion to the rank of lieutenant of Second-Lieutenant G H Garrett is ante-dated to September 23. TO CURE A CDLD IN ONE DAY. Take Laxative Brorno Quinine Tablets. All Druggists refund the money if it fails to cure. is. 10. The genuine is stamped L.B.Q. PRESENTATION TO A LATE RUNCORN OFFICIAL On Thursday afternoon at the Custom House, a most interesting presentation took place to Mr Hamiltor, who has been over twelve years super- intendent of Customs, from the merchants and brokers connected with the port. There was a goodly gathering at the House and alter a most ap- propriate speech in which he paid a high tribute to Mr Hamilton's unfailing geniality, Mr Meadow- croft handed a handsome gold watch to Mr Hamil- ton amidst a burst of applause. Mr Millington likewise presented a choice gold bangle, set in tur- quoises and other precious stones to Mrs Hamilton.

The GLEN-SPEY DISTILLERY. Situate in the finest Whisky- producing District of Scotland, Is the property of W. 3; A. lbey. This Wkisky is made entirely from home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in his Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold by W. A A. Glibey's agents in every town at 3e. 61. per bott'e.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL,

By " Ovalist"

The two or three thousand spectators who assembled at Wilderspool on Saturday in the expectation of seeing good football were sadly disappointed. St. Helens and Warrington is usually an attractive bill of fare, but the match on Saturday between these two teams was con- spicuous by its unattractiveness. At St. Helens a few weeks before both sides played a good game which was won by Warrington, the score being 17 points to 9. Saturday ought to have furnished a repetition of the former contest, but for some reason or other it did not, excepting that Warrington won easily enough.

The more one expects from Warrington and the less one gets. Most people expected to see a smart display of back play by the senior league club, but the play fell far below that at St. Helens. At the commencement the popular anticipation seemed .justified, for Warring- ton attacked and by smart tactics at once took the lead, Fish running behind the posts from a splendid opening made by Dickenson. The scorer added a goal. Then Warrington appeared to ease off, the forwards playing a particularly ragged game, while the backs were erratic. Several good movements were spoiled, but before the interval Harris got hold and literally forced his oe ay through the St. Helens ranks to score far out. It was a tine effort and deserved the applause it gained. At half-time Warrington were leading by 8 points to nil.

St. Helens had played by no means badly, want of combination preventing them scoring more than once when energetic play had put them on the aggressive. The forwards played exceptionally well—in marked contrast to the Warrington eight, half of whom would do with putting on the " A" team for a bit to practice pushing and heeling out. They are playing far below form and not, in my opinion, doing their best.

In the second half St. Helens managed to take advan- tage of Warrington's laxity, Morrison scoring after Fish had feebly attempted to stop a rush. Later on a penalty goal was obtained. Warrington then went about their work more energetically, Dickenson once dodging clear away only to pass when he should have held on. At last Burgess broke through, and after exchanging with Isherwood he scored a good try, the goal-kick being a failure. Warrington's margin at the close was one of 11 points to 5 points.

I have said what a poor game it was, but I might add that there were plenty of spectators wl,o would not have been sorry to see the Saints vic- torious. Their efforts were certainly more deserving of reward than those of Warrington. Briers led the for- wards in many a fine effort,and in the rear Doherty and Foulkes both played in a style which shows that there is plenty of football left in them yet. The two halves, Morrison and Kennedy, played in lively fashion, but seemed short of experience. Burgess and Allen easily beat them, while among the home threequarters there was little to choose, all playing moderately. Fish was hampered a good deal with his injured hand, especially in tackling. Hallam was good, as usual, but allowed himself to be captured too often for the reputation of a reserve County full back.

In the county game at Stockport, Cheshire proved that their fine effort at Broughton was no fluke by easily knocking out the Yorkshiremen, the score reach- -13 points to 3 points in their favour at the close of a well-contested game. It was no secret that the Tykes meant to make up for want of class in the back division by the old, rushing style of forward play. The intention was excellent in theory but unsuccessful in practice. Cheshire possess a set of forwards afraid of nothing and they very soon showed their burly foes that they knew a thing or two themselves. Once checkmated in the front and Yorkshire's chances were at an end. The backs were outclassed by the aßuncorn-Stockport combination, Butterworth scoring twice and Robinson once, while Farmer placed a couple of goals. Rather Curiously Sam Houghton played below par and was quite overshadowed by Taylor of Hull, the custodian on the other side.

Lancashire and Cheshire- will stand on an equal footing in the County championship should the Palatin- ate repeat the dose Yorkshire have had to swallow. Presumably they will meet their neighbours again, rather than divide the honours. I would by no means lay odds on Lancashire. They were rather lucky at Broughton.

The Northern League game resulted in a further slaughter of the teams from over the border. Batley went down heavily at Leigh, Hull succumbed to Sal- ford, Brighouse to Swinton, while Hunslet had the worst of a game left unfinished fat Hunslet owing to darkness, Oldham being the visitors. The League table Up to date is as follows :---

Againgt.

PWLD T ?TS G T P PT3. Broughton Rangers II —ll 1 0...25 39 —169_12 9 51...20 Oldham Runcorn Hull *Salford *tfunsle ll .7 4 0...21 15— 87,..13 19— 83...12 *Swinton 9 . 5 3 0... 7 14— 53...1? 5 39...10 Leigh l2 . 5 7 0...18 19— 93...11 21— 85...10 *Warrington Batley Bradford Halifax 9 .. 2 6 1... 9 12— 54...17 21— 97... 5 H udders field Brighouse Rangers 13 ... 1 12 0...11 7 43...30 42-186... 2 *Salford, Swinton, oarrington,l and Hunslet have each had two points deducted for breach of the rules.

The Oldham and Haaslet match 19 not it:win lad, a it wss left unfinished owing to darkness.

The Northern Union and Northern League meetings on Tuesday had important business before them. First and foremost was the deduction of 2 Points from Hunslet's score in the League for a breach of the pro- fessional laws. Todmorden and Hebden Bridge were similarly penalised in the Yorkshire Combination. A like charge against Oldham has resulted only in the " A " team being penalised, about which there will be some pretty loud grumbling in the Northern Lenue,the nature of the case notwithstanding. If any club deserved such a form of punishment it was Warring- ton, who were, instead, penalised in the premier league for an" A ' team player. Oldham have been lucky. so lucky that some awkward questions could and ought ! to be asked. -

The Oldham v Hunslet match has to be re-played, the gate being shared between the tNvo clubs and the Northern League in equal parts. Here again Olclham are lucky. Why should they share the gate ? It was their fault that Saturday's match was not begun 17 minutes earlier.

A full report of the business at these two meetings will be found on page 6.

Warrington could not ask for a harder nut to crack than they have in to-day's fixture with Batley at Batley-. The Cup-holders have already been badly beaten at Warrington, which to some extent makes up for the defeat in the final, and they are no doubt thirsting for revenge, especially as " Watty " Davies has undergone two months' suspension on account of his little fracas with Burgess and the Warrington crowd. Rather curi- ously Davies's suspension was up last Saturday, and to- day should be his first turn-out since he came under the ban of the Northern League Committee. If he plays there may be more than keenness displayed. Mr Bruckshaw, the appointed referee, will probably have his hands full, but he is a firm official and not a York• shireman, which is something to be thankful for.

The Warrington men are determined to make a big effort for victory, and they are doubtless encouraged by the severe thrashing the "gallant youths " got at Leigh last Saturday. A great deal will depend on the forwards, from whom a vastly improved display is ex- pected. Two of the regular eight have been dropped, viz., Cunningham and Eden, their places being taken by Walter Ashton and Edwards from the" team. The backs will be as usual, and if the team plays well I see no reason why they should not get another couple of points out of Batley.

The " A " team ought to give Latchford Rangers a warm time to-day judging by the talent at their dis- posal. Jones is back in town and turns out for the first time this season with Warrington, witile the backs 'Also include Knight, Hockenhall, Lawless, Ratcliffe, Townson and Duckworth.

A new forward will also be foußd on the " A " team to-day, in the person of Phillips, of Cathay Park, Cardiff, who has comes north with Jones. He is a big fellow, with the reputation of being a good scrimmager. I hope he turns out well.

It will be welcome news to many in Warrington to hear that the postponed match with Hull has been ar- ranged to take place on Shrove Tuesday, the 11th February next. After pancakes, therefore, those fortu- nate people who have a holiday on Shrove Tuesday will be able to assist their digestion by watching the "all blacks "pitted against the might of Warrington There is a prospective two points here, if the match a Huddersfield on the Saturday previous does not take too much out of the team.

.... LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SO s UNDER THE CLOCK, ,BRIDGE-STREHT.—Advt.

UNDitil THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Adv ANTIQUE Wrought IRON and COPPER WARR, for wedding p.resente, etc.—GARLAND, Bridge St,—Advt.

STRANG-WS A 1 CRYSTAL OTT., the best & safest lamp oil.—J, S. GARLAND. 51 to 55 Bridge St. —Advt.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED I V is trustworthy girl wlo and raply.—Hsur... litiad'son-KVCLIUI on or near Stockport. i

lam not to be led into a discuss, of frivolous points. The broad point he evidently intended to lay down in his first letter concerning me was,that as I was a shareholder in the eminent firm of Fletcher, Russell and Co., Limited (whose quality of manufactures jus- tifies the purchase by the Corporation of their gas stoves) he was entitled, as a member of H Ingram, Limited, to claim that we stood in identical positions. I have replied to this point, but he again urges it and so it becomes again necessary for me to try and show him the comparative value of figures. Messrs Fletcher, Russell and Co., Limited, trading all over the world, have a capital of a quarter of a million of money, with hundreds of shareholders as Mr F R Roberts knows, and I hold less than & two hundred and fiftieth part of that nominal capital. Mr F R Roberts is a shareholder in H Ingram Limited,trad- ing in Warrington, with 13 shareaolders and a capital of less than £6OO, of which Mr F tt Roberts owns more than one tweltth so that for each £1 profit made by Messrs Fletcher, Russell and Co., Limited out of supply- ing the Corporation I should get less than one penny, whilst for each £l. profit made by H Ingram Limited, Mr F R Roberts would get more than ls 81. I have never claimed that it costs me £25 per year or any other sum, to become and remain a member of the Coancil of my native Borough. the town that has been so good to me I desire t serve, and think that whatever that service may cost me it is money well spent. Let me say that it is not Mr F R Roberts's "poor little £5O" in II laeram, Limited, that I object to, but it is any Company with a family prelomivance of share- holders having dual interests in ti-,e supply .ad c.onsurne. tion of goods required by the Corporation, aim I again repeat the reason—that it ix against public polmy. It is impossible to grt men of position, independence and means, who love their town well enough to give their services, without finding them with patriotism enough to support the industries of that town by their investmente. Mr F„R Roberts mast not confuse my notions with his own, and I am eurprised to find even him savieg " so that a member of the Corporation may have 9-10ths of the capital of a Company trading with the Corporation, but he must not be a director." Mr F R Roberta surely cannot think that there 13 any- thing so absurd in the minds of the thoughtful rate- payers. What they want, and are entitled to, is to be served by men who have a single eye to the public good, who have' clean hands, and who have the laudable desire to stand well with their fellow townsmen, in order that they may encourage that local patriotism and good feeling which can do 81 much to advance the pro- gress of their town and the comfort, convenience, and safety of i r, ratepayere.—Yours W. J. FORSHAW. 42, Sankey-street, November 29th.

The Legality of Municipal Tradin An Expert's Opinion. The opinion of Mr. Alex. Macm:rran, K C a recog- nised authority on municipal law, has teen taken in regard to the legality of varieus aspects of municipal trading, inchiding the position of a Councillor who may be not only shareholder, hut managing director of a limited Company trading with the C,rporation of which he is a member. Mr. Mtcnaorran's pronouncement is as follows : " A shareholder in a company which contracts With the Corporation would be disqualified under section 12 (11(c), but for tie provision in sub-sec- tion (2) (c) which provides that a person shall not 103 disqualified, or be deemed to have an interest in such a contract by reason only of his having a share OF interest in any company incorporated under the Comparues Act 1852. In other words if a firm contracted with the Corporation all the members cf it would be dirqualified to he councillors, but if a limited company contracted the shareholders would not be die qt edified." " The word ' niFy ' in 5.12 sub (2) is inserted to emphasize the provision, (which would ba implied without that while a perion is not to be dis- qualified by reason of his being a shareholder in a company contracting with the Council, that fact is not to he regarded as exempting him from dis- qualification on other grounds. Thus if a share- hN I ler were in receipt of a commission on the con- tract between the Company and the Council though he would not be disqualified .by reason of being a shareholder, yet he would have independently an interest in the contract which might disqualify him under sub-iection (1) (c)." " Toe bet that ia the present case the Councillor is managing director and in receipt of a salary from the Company, is, in my opinion, immaterial. Re has no interest in the contracts with the Council save as shareholder. If he were not a shareholder but simply a manager, sod in receipt of his present pay he would not be within sub-section (1)(c). It is , as shareholder only that he is within that clause,and it is as shareholder only that he is exempted by subsection (2) (e). In other words the section does

, warrington.—Prlnted and Published by Jowl WALK" 111 CO. at The Examiner General Printing W arks, Bewser street, and published by them at the manse place and also at The Examiner Office Victoria-road.Winsl..q. 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and Matket-stree. BARLESTOWN in the County of Lancaster and ate') at H HuNcoaN ,in the County of Chester. Des. 6 1901

===== 0002601_19011206_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19011206_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19011206_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
nct disqualify the managing director or paid' manager of a company contracting with the Council as such ; and it is not suggested that the councillor in q iettlon has any interest in the particular csa tracts save in common with the other shareholder - of the Company."_

(Signed) ALEX. MACMORRAN.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
1-41 OR Sale. a Small Oatcake Business. cheap. Apply 54, JL BRLDSHAW-STREET, Nelson, near Scraley.

PROVISION SHOP, sroox an 4 FIXTURES TO BS 1 DISPOSED OF.-193 BIRLOW-ROAD, Levenshulme. Blanchester.

VIM £2O. —To be Disp)se .of 1+R.19/tlsailiOCiltt, and FRUITERER BUS/NESS ; rent £25 year,--Apply 82. EVERTON BOLD. Liverpool.

71)AILORING BUSINESS TO BE DISPOSED OF JL Established over 20 years as a going concern goo,' con- nection central position —Apply at the Shop, 37 UNlcol- STREET, Oldham.

===== 0002601_19011206_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
IN SALE smart active HALF-LEGGED CART MARK. kl Suit porter or furniture remover. Price £lB.-- SHRIIIVES. Park Side Farm. Nobberley, Knuteford.

===== 0002601_19011206_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ON FRIDAY NEXT DECEMBER 13nr. PRESENTATION OF "THE EXAMINER" LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, EMBELLISHED WITH PORTRAITS OF THE ELM. KING EDWARD VII AND !QUEEN ALEXANDRA. --- FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS.. tre published containing Full Information corrected to the •atest date as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES I,OA.RDS OF GTJARDIANS MINISTERS AND PLACES THSTBIOT COUNCILS OF WORSHIP MAGISTRATES CARRIERS, ex, FOR VIE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS : Burtonwood Penketk Daresbury Prescot Barlestown Runcorn Frodsham St. Helens Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton clankey Lymm Thelwall Moore Warrinaton Newton V7inwick Orford Widnes Padgate Weston "THE EXAMINER" PAGES, 35 CommiNs) AND LARGE SHEET ALMANICK ONE PENNY. .

BOLD -STREET WESLEYAN CH.ERCH WARRINGTON. TO -MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER SM. r At 10.30—Rev. W. C. J. NEVILLE. At 6.30—Rey. THEODORE BISHOP All welcome. Hymn Books provided

ST. JOHN'S PRESBY CERIAN' CH MICH WINWICK-STREET. WARRINGTON. A SALE OF WORK, IN AID OF CHTJRCH FUNDS, Wlx.r, BE HELD IN THE SCHOoLRoo NI, JOHN-STREET, on FRIDAY ani SATURDAY, DECEMBER 13th and 14th, 1901. To nz OPENED 131 t MRS. MACDONALD. OF WINDOM. AT 2.30 P M. ON FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13Ta OD CONTINUED AT 6 P.M. OW SATURDAY DECEMbER 14TH ADMISSION—FRIDAY AFTERNOON, SIXPENCE lertdAy and Saturday evenings, after 6 p.m. Threepence.

WARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSO- CIATION ANNUAL TEA MMITINa WILL sums oil MONDAY DIICBMBEtt 9vri at the LIBSEIAL VLl.fg BEWSBY-STREIXT. Tea at 7 o'clockc, Tickets 6d, ftteti, after which a PUBLIC MEETING will be held when Address will be given by MISS WUBBE. Chair to be ken at 8 o'clock by Mr. A. H. Crosfield. Selections of Vocal and instrumental musics.

MANCHESTER GREAT SHOW OF POULTRY. PIGEONS, RA.BBITS, CATS, CAVIES AND MICR'. ST. JAMES' HALL, OXFORD-STREET. DECEMBER 2'th, 21st, and 23rd. UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF H.H. THE QCEEN. Upwards of 5,C03 entries. Incubators in operation. Come alld see tt e chickens hatching Admission .—PRIDAY after 1 p.m., 2s. 63. SATURDAY and MOEDAY is. all day. EXCURSION TRAINS FROM ALL PARTS.

WARRINGTON PEOPLE'S COLLEGE. ANNUAL CONCERT, THIJRSDAY. DECEMBER 19rN, 1901. PARR HALL. CHORUS OF 350 VOICES. SONGS i—NAIIONAL, PATRIOTIC, HUMOROUS oßcansT,x(R. W. H. I'tYrON NUS. BAC. PRICES OF ADMISSION. Ist Reserved Chairs, Body of Hall and Centre Gallery, 2s. td Reserved Seats, Body of Hall aad Side Gallery, Is 6d. tureserved Seats. Body of Hall and Gallery Corridors, is. Seats. Body of Hall and Back Gallery, 6d. TO-Price to all parts to Scholars only. ElozulCHTS may be obtained from DIESSRS R. H. PEAR- LTD, BOld-itreetl; the Teachers and Scholars. WI?". of ReserYei Seats at Messrs Pearson's Ltd, open r," 'oesday, December 4th. eb'''''oo, re e • Open at 7 15 p m., Early Doors for Ticket-holders at 7.

W ARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY FOUNDED 1.847. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON, RY KIND pERMIsSION OF THE PRrPRIEToRS, ,THRRIS GRAND PERFORMANCES IN AID OF THE FUNDS ON THE WARRINGTON INFIeagRY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 12 AND 13, 1901. TBLE THREE ACT FLRCLCA.I. RdMINCE BY R. MARSHALL, 13.1. S EXCELiI46NCY THE GOVERNOR " BR PRECEDED EACH EVENING AT 7.30 BY THE ORIGINAL ONE ACT PLAY BY LOUIS N. PARKER, AL g„ "Tan Mktl IN TRH STREHt." seiectien ot mmie will beigiven each evening by the LADIES' ORCHESTRA. CONDUCTRESS: MRS W. B. ROBERTS, Tha LEADER: MISS EDITH DIRCHALL. atli_t:l9l, of the *Dress and Reserved Seats now open Not's Music Warehouse Bridge-street. ARTHUR BROWNE. Ron. See. and Treas. T. W. BULLEN, Assist, Hon. Sec.

RUNCORN UNION —PAINTING AND Th TION AT THE WORKHOUSE. Dirn9.l. ri N AND D NORA- bliaVtuardians invite TENDEhS FOR FAlr,tßoordd at appliw otkhonse, tithe Madter's OFFICK and 4 by seen on S eclfleatiens may be Dutton. D ._ , ts ation to the Master at the'Workhouse. eated T e . deliverea enders endorsed" Tende the 16th rs for PaintlOß * to be instant, at MY Office, not later than Monday, orTahneyo, tueaultans do not bind themselves t) accept the lowest tr. By Order, GEO. F• ASHTON, . 8 71, High-street Ituncotn. Clerk to the Guardian • sth December 1901. ______

Flu. FRIERS AKE NOTICE. M DEHMOTT GRIMSBY FISH SHOP, LATCHFOR:) FROM TILE DOCKS

HAS 11:9 FISH DIRECT AND CAN SELI, CHEAPER THAN ANYBODY rg WARRINGTON. CARTS GO 1101.117 D EVERY MORNING.

......., REDUCTION INPRICES FOR N ANDESCENT BURN ERS. ii A L'l DESCENT VIZ,. 'fr, •, ' `fq z'sa\ MANTLES. '\\A ei".• k's,\,,li, IN,VANDESCEN ) ALL RINDS OF__SbloiL FROTECTOub• GAS GLOBES, OF n,, DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED Olt EXCHANGED AT V Dkms 80 ST. JAMES PLAca -RITISH GLASS,; OF nippratuNr PATTERNS QLASS al li A REd3D PTlArtsl4l ii s . AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. Jo ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SMITIIDOWN-ROAD, ---------------- LIVERPOOL. ' -- NI b RE ouuti. CSIPT BOORS JOURNALS. S ORDER BOOKS STOCK BOOKS. MADE TO ORDER. juv, 'AINER PRINTING WORKS,

MORTON & SAMPSON (W. MORTON & WALTER T. SAMPSON) ARE REMOVING FROM 2, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, TO TRINITY -BUILDINGS, CORPORATION-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL WORK.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lest: than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Clare A RTIFICIAL TEETH Set' . 203. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 305, guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM. A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Seta, 205.: inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, Painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. !thousands of Original Testimonials. ACDONA.LDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 In 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT BUSS TICRNFR'SI. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P. 34 MANCHESTER. 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL TO HIS ROYAL MAJESTY THE WARRANT OF . , KING. APPOINTMENT • *---""' AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, GEO. WRIGHT ft.,C.7)- SON, LTD., tea c.ne of Vas oldest Finns of Dyers in the Kingdom, being established in MANCHESTER 1835. LIVERPOOL 1825. LONDON 1790. PRICE LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BE HAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH OFFICE, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET. Goods left with our Agent. Arthur Davidson, 61. 'Bridge Street. (late Lowe and Laithwaite) will receive prompt attention and be charged the same prices as at our Branch.

V4' -DEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," " OH, YBS 1 ORNAIMENTAL lIAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3. LEECE-STREBT, LIVERPOOL.' • THANK YOU."

• in. PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET. (I; BRISTMAS CAKES OF EVERY VARIETY , ICED OR PLAIN, ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM PURR AND WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS. , Customers giving in Orders early, can choose their own Mottoes. LANCASHIRE CASH BAKERY CO., LTD. BRVCCHE4 • BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

ERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS ! - Li Every workman should have on of 11/10-UH'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, LiVerpool.

- QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- kJ TERNS for our Celebrated 10s, 65. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED,* 65, Byrom-atreet, Liverpool, All goods sent Carriage paid. --- ----- THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre_ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

A.MAS PRESENT JEWELLERY I JEWELLERY CHAS. WOLF'S GREAT JEWELLERY DISPLAY. SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. ENG-AGEMENT RINGS AND WEDDING RINGS A SPECIALITY. All *cols ticketed in plain figures 'at prices which will guarantee goad custom. Please view windows. CHARLES WOLF, WHOLESALE JEWELLER, SILVERSMITH, Awn DIAMOND MERCHANT, 10, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSMUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY SE FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

THINK OF YOUR SOLE and heel this coming winter, dive into 5. LONDON-ROAD, LimirooL, and have your feet covered with a pair of ARTHITE EVANS' 69, 60., 83. 6D., or Twelve Bob Boots. BRANCI-IRS THROITG"

BOOTS! BOOTS ! ! BOOTS !! ! GIVING UP BUSINES3. LEAVINCi THR PREMISES. LARGE STOCK OF BOOTS AND SHOES TO BE SOLD AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. ALSO TWO BOOT MACHINES, and a quantity of Iron Lasts, with Knives to match. No reasonable offer refused. Must be sold. ;LAMBERT'. BOOT STORES. MARKET PLACE, EARLESTOWN. SHOP TO BE LET.

d OHN raIISOIT AND INS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS, &c. FIRST-CLASS WORKKANsEIP. wORKEEN SENT TO ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. ESTIMATES FREE. MR. EMSON WAS WITH MESSRS. G ARNETT AND SONS FOR 31 YEARS.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. CITRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil 4)f G. A. Chariot), 57, RENSHAW-STRRET (corner of Benlon-street), LIVERPOOL.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, All the advantages of co-operation may be sr cured without troable 13/ customers dealing with BOOTS. the CASH PRICE DISPENSING CHEMISTS, who prepare Physician' Prescriptions an I Family Recipee with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal to an Immediate dividend of 60 per cent. on the outlay. NEARLY 300 BRANCHES. EACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, • ' LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, ! 6, BRIDGE-STREET ALSO AT 6, ORMSKIRK-STREET, ST. HELENS. BRIDGE-STREET. RUNCORN, 3c 20, ALBERT-ROAD. WIDNES.

WIDOW WBLCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINT NIBS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine frolic the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the tole Wholesale Agents,' W. EDWARDS SON 157. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's. Loudon. are engraved on the Uovernment Stamp. Sold in Boxes at 2s_9kl. earh by most Chemists

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, INST.THED AGIST. 'THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE Co 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849.4 CLAIMS PAID ................. . ..... £4,300,000 A. ...... Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 cam ST. agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warringto .. .. .. . . ... Mr. C. J. HOLM, Market Gate „ ElGBElC,Nessclifte, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St. Helens ..................... Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshavr-street Haydook ........................... Mr. 3. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach —.. .. Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth ...... ... HOLLAND WATSON.Moortield House

_ NATI.IITE STAR 11E ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. tri% • LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. WEDNEFDAY SERVICE. FRIDAY SERVICE. MANIC Wed., Dec. 11 M AJESTIC... Wed., Dec. 13 CULTIC Fri., Dee 13 I CYMRI 0 Wed., Dec. 25 Third Olass passange at low rates including Outtit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to IFMAY. lIVIRIE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur treet, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall Street, London. E.C.,

ILLIIMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING no-Similes of Handwriting. Typewriting, plans, quan titles ao., copied and lithograPhed.—Bgoose AND SJN, Law Stationers n, Queen-street, Warrington.

WEDDING EINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22. carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pun chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCH AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43. Sankey-street. Warrington. Establl shed 193.

IL HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCHFORD .TILE AND MOSAIC PA , EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. Ac. References ;—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Favernents. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPncIALITY, Tete.grams HOLLINGWORTH, Latchford."

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS aLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGION. Also Manufacturer of 11103 i CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stopw•red Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

A• G. W 68 AND 70 WAY EDGEHILL, LINNRPOO. HOUSE FURNISHER, DEALER OP, ALL a FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. FiIIIOFORTEL Cash Buyers for New and Secondhat Lots of Furnit 15 GeoUs tl lEf6ll .r—o nWf rani nmuet:ctr:,sicegor7 heck a by elotcinaia full compampanel front inlaid, norm, e. In perfect conditie sweet tone; tuned snd delivered freeliA bargain. 017 a Brussels Bordered rp., 0 S. D. yards by 4 yards, v pre to new. Skin Hearthrug to match. Id. tlidveßrylabckestWma.ll, cßomliDpg?inOflaSrUgell,a3t.. g 1 6 16S. wardrobe, with handsome long robil mirror, with carved panels, several large drawers ; dressi labia with side wings and centre dressing mirror support, ,*ith cupboards, with shield-shaped doors, with large and mall drawers ; wash- stand with St. Anne's marble slab rind back, with shaving mirror, all fitted with lq. bevelled plates and massive solid brass handles. towel rail and 3 chairs; a bargain. t-164 S. 14D. MlAoris nIIR Berti clic3o(sl Solder, and icaino feathers,well worth twice the money. Also one for £3 IBs 6d. Corns and see for yourself. WRAGG FOR FAIR DEALING.

RAGG, 7.ERTREE-ROAD, _ ALL KINDS OF ,NOFOSTES, &c. Lots of Furniture, &c. O. by local maker, eck repeating action. In perfect condition bargain.

...YE I. measures .4 pretty design, equal i.

L)S. Solid Chippendale Mahogany DRAWING- ROO5l SUITE (solid mahogany) ; the frames are of Louis design, with cabriole leo, comprising high-low settee, pair of tub and 4 small chairs, richly upholstered with old gold silk tapestry ; a bargain seldom met witb at the price,well worth 18 gultaeas ; perfectly clean and the upholstery guaranteed. WRAGG. 73, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 1 ti) GUINEA.9.—PIANOFORTE by German maker; iron U frame. trichorrl, full compass. ivory keys,sweet tone. in walnut case •, just received from gentleman leaving the city. Tuned and delivered free. WRAGG FOR PIANOS. 25 10s. itllicaßrrsa s eV DS 3ro"ppe Lullcen cent, irtn22lncahn- maker's price. LIST OF SECONDHAND PARLOUR SUITES. £4 15s.—PARLOUR SUITE, In leather. £5 15s.—PARLOUR SUITE, in saddlebags. £4 7s. 6d.—PARLOUR SUITE, in tapestry.l £5 18s: 6d.—PARLOUR surto, in figured velvet. £lO 103.—DINING-ROOM SUITE. in sad itebags. £6 Ifs. 65.—DINING-ROOM SUITE, in leather. £5 Ss.—DRAWING ROOM SUITE, Chippendale. Come and see our bargains. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTEIEE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 25 18s. 6D'. cSotidprrstituhgogoaondyerApitaiLrOeUaslitesS S and UITE, small chairs, covered with hair-seating; secondhand. Very Handsome Secondhand Gilt—PIER; 25 10 3. PLASS, with English gold frame, In perfect condition, 61t by 41t Sin ; cost £l6 1084 from the same house as above Piano by Brinsinead. Sent to any address. 19 ,?VijelaNrelittlll offering the value in Liverpool, PIANOFORTE, in walnut case. by Newsome Bros., Gold Madallists ; guaranteed from makers to be the best piano on the market by 33 per cent. ; iron frame, trlchord, check re- peating action, full compass, sweet tone, marqueterie panel, sconces ; tuned and delivered free • well worth 35 guineas. WRAGG, 70, WANERTRISE-ROAD. A Rsi3ht Ede oLnOCeIL, :iistehd 365. 6D. rjugs,ia n underM pllnth, In perfect condition, 19 inches high ; a genuine secondhand bargain. , WRIGG, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. L:3 10 PIANOFORTE, suitable for uurbery, by S. Crane; sent to any address ; taken in exchange; every wire and key, also hammer, is perfect.

C) ICACH.—oix very h mosome HbiGitAVlNCin, in Zi LS. very suitable frames; will sell separately or in pairs. Taken from Art Hal lery pictures. Handsome Pair of MARL! HORSES in 37 S. 6D. French Bronze, on ebonised plinths. stands Oft. 81n. high ; a very noble pair ; suitable for sideboard dr mantel shelf. Sent to any address. 23 12.. 6I D. Plll3l,l3So:wit;2lllll3ll3evVlledDsvirrSpllaNtGe- glass swing mirror; quantity of large and small drawers ; washstand with marble slab and two rows of tiles, with pedestal and towel rail attached : a genuine bargain. 25 15.. '''AfitEta handsome rroen Biz urr splendidW altlu t lfhtTQithSSli pe, with bevelled mirror support, with carved supports and jewel drawers, on castbre ; washstand to match, with handsome marble slab; a bargain. £4 10.. At o X new,ill veryST ERh CARPET, large a gs 6de.izpereqvuaradl Just come to hand from a gentleman giving up housekeeping. A bargain. RSHERATON BEDROOn SUITE; 7ft /86 10S. wardrobe, 4ft Gin, tables, pedestal, towel rail, and chairs, ail to match ; one of the finest suites in the city ; equal to new. Cost 160 guineas. In:possible to des- cribe it fully for want of space 210 1.0 CABINET, Solid Chippendale Mahogany S. and very pretty design, with bevelled silvered plates, unique shapes, with cupboard and plate- glass drors. handsomely carved, with several brackets for display o naments. A genuine Secondhand article, in per- fect condition. WRAGO. 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. WRAG4 FOR SECONDHAND PIANOS.

g9los. sTappEeTror.wiinth°,7l„TjtaythOlfzotarlawr:ressainzed. cupboards, with eellarette ; massive bevelled silvered plates, supported with massive pillars, quantity of shelves ; no veneer, but as described. Cash returned if not worth £.16 lls.

2Q WAN BAS.—YIANOFORM in walnutwood case, by e...) the world-renowned makers, Broadwood. White and Co.. London. This instrument is perfection in every particular, beautiful burr walnut case, iron frame, patent check-repeating action, inlaid panel front, massive sconces. seven octaves, rich tone; and I will give warranty for 21 'rears, having sold a great number of this maker's second- 1-pnd instruments, and never found to fall in giving every satiefection. Equal to new. Tuned and delivered free. WRADCI, 71, WAVERTHEE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. _ 1_,(7 A. G. vv RAGG Will BUY for CASH 'all kinds of FURNITURE and PIANOS, or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt attention. 68 AND 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD, Ea/CI-BRILL, LIVERPOOL.

PAPER AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

JOHN ASHLEY DEGS TO ANNOUNCE THAT HE HAS OPENED THE PIEMI9ES LATELY* OCCUPIED BY MR. W. MONKS, GI, SANKEY STREET. WARRINGTON. WITH AN ENTIRELY NEW STOOK OF HIGH-CLASS PROVISIONS AT POPULAR PRICES.

ET. G-ARNER. 8 MARBURY-STRBET, Of Kent-street, Latchford, Warrington. PAVING, TILING, AND DRAINING CONTRACTOR. ASPHALTING WALKS. &c. WORK EXECUTED ON SATISFACTORY AND REASONABLE TERISS•

. FOB FIRST-DLASS REPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO W• EVANS, WORK. 9 :-BEIIMONT-STREET, NEAR TUE INFIRMARY (13 YEARS WITH GAHHETTS). CHARGES VERY REASONABLE.

CHANGE OF ADDRESS. C. H. MILLS • (soli ON " CHOPBTICKS") THE Wv.I.I.OKNOWN WARRINGTON HERBALIST iris REMOVED TO 15 MILL-STREET (OFF THE FISH MARKET) WARRINbrTON.

EUSTANCE & Co., HAVE THE FINEST DISPLAY OF SILVER NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR XMAS AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS EVER OFFERED IN WARRINGTON. IT COMPRISES SILVER TOILET REQUISITES OF ALL KINDS, AND A SPLENDID RANGE OF ARTISTIC NOVELTIES FOR PB,ESENTS AND PRIZES SUITABLE FOR ALL KINDS OF COMPETITIONS, WHIST DRIVES, Ac. E. & Co., respectfully invite intending purchasers to inspect their display irrespective of purchase and guarantee the prices to be fixed on the very lowest competitive scale. EVERY ARTDaLE IS NEW AND EP-TO-DATE TELEPHONE C 453. 41 & 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

• PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

DAY AND ELECTRIC LIGHT STUDIOS, EGYPT STREET CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. MR. J. PARKINSON DESIRES TO INTIMATE THAT SITTINGS FOR PHOTOGRAPHS INTENDED TO BE SENT AS CHRISTMAS CARDS SHOULD BE GIVEN AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT. SPECIAL FOL DING PHCTO CARD WITH GOLD AND RED MOTTOES, PRICES AND .5/- DOZEN. SPECIAL : ONE CABINET & THREE CARTES FOR 2/6. TWO CABINETS - - FOR 216. CABINET PHOTOGRAPHS IN OVAL, CIRCULAR AND PANEL SHAPES, PRICES FROM 6/. TO 45/- PER DOZEN.

A GENTLE REMINDER-- - THE •M.C.D. HAVE SERVED YOU LONG AND WELL AND RESPE:OTFULLY REQUEST A CONTINUANCE OF YOUR PATRONAGE. EXCEPTIONAL VALUE IN OVERCOATS, ALL THE LATEST STYLES FOR MEN. YOUTHS A.ND BOYS. READ I MADE ott TO MEASURE. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR XMAS PRESENTS OR GENERAL FURNISHING AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES MAKE A POINT OF VISITING THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES; 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, THE LO Vi PRICES WILL ENSURE AN lIIPORTA.NT SAVING. ALL PURCHASES OF 403, DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION • IN GREAT BRITAIN. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED XMAS AND OTHER CATALOGUES.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFOOL, FRAN[9I MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Welding and Birthday Presents, School Prime, ao. Terms Moderate. A FINI COLLECTION OF PII01:00EAPHE for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON 122 LONDON ROAD LIVERPOOL, ) PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAr IIES• (BY ALL THE LEA.DI/TG MAKE RI) SOLID SILVER) ELECTRO PLATE AND - JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or takca In exchange. Morley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. &a., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ASS YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S - • INKS. .- • (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW.STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE) TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

W.% •P•• -,11.1,... 411. --..11•11,',0 alp -.a-,111•• -...1110,••• iir• -war-vs owl. -mow ...., -..., ...-. --.-- -...--. --; 1 C' ONLY THE POSTMAN BETWEEN • 7 g -0, - :4- jthwi ztd.,• cfM zi 1 and Netuai C. , j" ............. . W ... _— Model 833. the 9 earer. i c Ft Made in Cheviot Serge ..--_.. _ JOHN NOBLE LTD are the G ior Costume Coatins, ‘,\." \* \ 3akcieln7clutfieseeliaal / ..L., , 13,,aice,aith ailoreollar, el. , ...,_ . lnanutacturersottheseDesigns,which are unquestionably the Best Value 9 Ever Offered to Ladles. Write for Catalogue / ; , ,, prettily braided Price Nodal 805. S.' • tioAnnallyex:eell: '\ s 10,8. Carrlec 3 dd. blur% -IV , made Coat To Day, and save the • I . A, , nonen•—g!--11:,„":1- / sc‘A.\\ Middlemen s Profits. f lined throu4hout, 31,-. ' ~, 1‘• ~, ,an The Stock Sizes of Ladies' ; .6 . r rsstscnirousiusntittlec.:irersts4illiz Pietse '7, \\ .‘•‘'.` `e. \1 \ \. / g, \ name this '/` \csi , 4 iliiiiii.iililelaval 2 \ *\‘\ \\\\\\ \ paper \ ' neatßuttons Ct when i '••• ,i- \ Price only Ser.' \' \ \l'O•V 88. Car. dd. Ilia a. / v c N , OK ST 1 A 0 tot I LLS ' INN NOBLEI.7 '" riANCHESTER

WOULD YOU HAVE SOFT VELVETY SKIN? net: rue 0 146 It will entirely remove air 100 ROUGHNESS,CHAPS, TAN, IRRITATION, etc., Bottles in a very short time. Ivt.riESTFIAM & SON. ,I 6d.js.tand 25.6. CHELTENHAM AM. •

HOCKEY. ----- LANCASHIRE V. YORKSHIRE. This match was decided on Saturday on the ground of the Rersal Cricke.t Club.b!fore a rather meagre atten- dance. Result :—Yorkshire, two goals ; Lancashire, none. LA TCHFORD " " V FRODSHAM. This match took place at Frodsham on Saturday. During the first half of the game Latchford did most of the pressing, but failed to get the ball through, on account of the good defence of the home team, The interval arrived with nothing scored. Shortly after the resumption of play, Frodsham rushed down the field, and put the ball through, after a scramble in the goal- mouth. Latchford took matters to the other end, and shortly afterwards Knight scored a good goal for the visitors, placing the teams equal. Towards the close of Play the light was very bad, and the match was stopped Eve minutes from time. Result —Latchford " A," one goal ; Frodsham, one goal. tore Is Security in ,RTER'S

Horse Fair. The last horse fair of the Near was held on Satur- day on the vacant space behind the Blue Coat School. There was only a small attendance of buyers, and tire animals presented for sale were scarce and of very poor quality. This was the worst fair which has been held in Warrington for some time.

piLEs AND INDIGESTION CURED If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms; Fistula may follow. KEUTY'S CURE is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, and bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cure for the =met acute forms of Chronic Indigestion Sold by all Chemists in bottles Is. lid Post paid from KM= AND CO. HALIFAX.

A :11 DEVONSHIRE-ROAD, PRINCE'S PARK, LIVER- ,•4a, POOL. Private Boarding House for limited number ;Near Parks and Electric Cars ; late dinner ; terms moderate. Apply bliss STEWART.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORIII I WALES. R HOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-ON SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea. Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery ; water 'apply and sanitation perlezt ; elegant apartments; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent Golf Links by the sea within mile. High-class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tatiff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR IioTEL, GLASGow,) Christmas Parties now forming.

„ LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON ItQUARH. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLLNESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTGPORT.—STINNYSIDB HY-0110, Playsician Dr LY BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from Is 6d per day, including Turkish $1156i1111 and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. BOODOCK Proprietor.

0011THPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY CLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

j AMES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL, PROSPECTUSES of the SAND FORK PETROLEUM CO.. United States of America, paying 12 per cent. will be sent post free on application. •

CONFECTIONBRY. &c.—For Sale, Hisll-class Confec- tionery and Potted Meat Business ; put up in glass dishes, 64 each; good, sound trade ; seaside ; main road ; electric trams; new promenade; potted meat pays all expenses ; if sold at once will take £l3O ; all recipes given and every information ; good reasons for leaving.-72, BRIGHTON-STREET, Seacombe, Cheshire.

yIR. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, prepares students for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and Harmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. 1100R1S over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 55, MARKET-STREET, Earlestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET. Warrington.

INJIR • TOM PBof°UsoTilßr of t°hitYpi VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUEZ-STREW. WARnlistilON. DANCING b egs t O CLASSannounce torc thati iL _ IMISIShe Eji 1111 hold Sa PerecK ialS DRRN, during the holidays. Commencing Saturday, 7th inst at the CAIRO-STREET SCHOOLROOM. For further particulars apply 4. SALISBURY-STREET, Warrington.

. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.0.151 Mualc,Organist and Choirrnasto,. I'IANO, WIGAN. THEO nY. POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LINE, Warrington.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE 45. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, JAN. 14TH. 1902. Entrance Examination Monday, January 13th, 1902, at 9 a m., when the High Master attends to see parents. Prospectuses,forms of application de, may be had at School. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated. In Higher Broughton. • OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

CLOTHING AND OUTFITTING, Wanted as Apprentice or Improver, respectable Iroutb.—.BatnLEx, 106 and 103, bridge-street, Warrington.

WANTED, UROOM-GARDENER with knowledge of orchid growing, (no driving) ; state age, wage, qualification. -Devil) LORD, Stacksteads, near Manchester. _ A GENTS WANTED.—Eleatto-Chemical Chimney Cleaner no sweeps or brushes required ; chimney cleaned any time of the day ; no getting up early cold mornings ; agents coining money. UNIQUE MANUFACTURING COMPANY, Rotherham.

DELL/MLR Man Wanted at once in this district (one well- knownLA preferred). with some spare time, to act as house to house canvassing Agent for the Universal Digestive Tea Co., Ltd. Liberal terms; permanent work to GOOD pushing man; particulars and sample 63.—Address Col.oNiar. H01:8E, Dolphin Place. Ardivick, Manchester.

QANITARY INSPECTORcHIPS. salaries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now cpmmencing for Liverpool and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dates ; ladies ellgible.—Apply ROBERT airsHENs. Sanitary Science Teacher, bunderland. Name paper.

WANTED, COW HAIR on or of the dock, wet or dry; best price in the trade given ; no overweight required ; honest cash settlement for tons or Cwts. ; con- tracts made; bankers reference where required.—J. G WAY, Tallow Manufacturer and Wholesale Hair and skin Merchant, St. Helens.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated efectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal HOOFING COUGH medicine. . HOOPISG COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s: per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents: W. EDWARDS &Sox, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London. -

EDGAR V. MORTON, PAWNBROKER AND JEWELLER, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. £6 15S. 6D. GLFSNIiT'SUIVE-URT.WATCLHD. Eir eGa; Bargain, £2 15s. OD. OBIS Well'. yN ENGLISH Liverpool, perfectly new. £1 7s. 6D. FINE SQUARE OF CARPET. £1 4s. 60. laNTTLUs. gEßvaNpTaEteL.' 19s. 60. HANDainSOME BRASS CURB. A £3 3s. OD. ?ELI DouTeucDurb, 4,OverLnD- meat Stamped every Link. 13s. 60. 113{n LdACK AND BRASS CURB. Dog R 2 12s. 6D. 'CllgtißgYntelsis ,DzilviTEoßp , With 4 Drawers and Shelf. EDGAR V. MORTON BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON,

LADIBu' dainty Blouse materials and dannelettes, yards full dress length, 3e. lid.. carriage paid. Patterns free.—The Dress Warehouse, 830 Darlington. (11.1RISTY1AS Paß3Bl.lllB.—Violin, including violin, bow. \IJ resin, set of extra strings. and ease. A.l quality. one guinea. Approval.—taomma THOMAS, Tredegar. IP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety. ki Champion Banges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Wheels. 100-page List free.—MinmaT's, Poland-street, Manchester

D HEU3IATIC AND GOUT PAST.—lnward and Dat- il% ward Remedy for Pie. Successfully used in my own practice. Is 2d each, post free.—Dr. liiusT, Thornton-road, Bradford.

VOUNTAIN PtiblS, smart and reliable, suitable for Xmas .12 presents. usual price, 23. 6d. ; special offer at 15. 9d.. post tree.—The ALLhIIITE PEN Co., 46, Cowcross stLeet, London, B.C.

DVRRTISIIII requires goad Old Lace,China,Engravings, Sliver. Needlework, Pictures, and other Antiquities.— Write particulars, OMEGA., Water's Library, Westbourne Grove, London.

LOOK 1-4.000 Pairs of New Military Bluchers; very best . leather soles ; will send one pair. any size, post free for 5s 6d per pair; money returned if not approved of. H GAssoN, Government Lontractor, Rye.

SURGICAL APPLIANCES.—A new Illustrated List forwarded oil receipt of stamped envelope. Quality highest, prices lowest. Testimonials from all parts.--AL DUPRE, 38 Broke-road, Dalaton, London, N.I.

DEGAWAY. The Parlour Game of the season; very ex 1 citing and easily learned ; suits young or old. livery home should have it for the long winter evenings. Post tree, 18.—W. SANLEY, 9 Vernon-place. London. W.C.

RHEUMATISM AND PARALYSIS.—Their complete borne cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free o a receipt of post- card. Address :—PCBLISHERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints, Manchester.

UOR SALE by PRIVATE TREATY, THREE SEMI- X DETACHED VILLAS in Victoria-road, Stockton Heath, containing 5 bedrooms, boxroom. cellar, bath, lavatory. &c.—Apply HAMBY FAIRCLOUGH, Builder, Howley, Warrington.

22/6 WBBKLY.—A. salary of 73: to 225. 6d. offered to either sex (who can write) for their spare moments , work may be done evenings. For particulars send addressed envelope to X. TRUaCOTT AND Co.. 3e, Glen— dower, Torquay.

fIIiRISTMAS CARD.d.—Private Christmas Cards. newest V designs. beautifully printed, with greeting and name and address of sender, from 2s. 6d. per dozen, including envelopes ; send for sample book (post free).—GEORGE OVER, Rugby Press, Rugby.

HOT WATER INSTANTLY NMET OR DAY. Not bath for 13. in 6 minute., boiling water in 1 minute RWART'S '• LIGHTNING' GRYSICHS. Nor Gas or Oil Always Inaction at 346, Ruston-road, London, N.W. Illus- trated estslogue, Section 21, post free,

GT:lN.—Finely finished 12 bore double BREECH-LOADRit top lever, central fire, left choke, improvei extension rib, " nicely adjusted rebounding locks," walnut pistol stock, new, good killer. 4Cs. ; approval.— A. T. JAMES, 48, Devonshire-street, Bloomsbury, London.

RHEUMATISM AND GOUT.—A Martyr for years to Gout and Rheumatism has been quite cured with ft moat simple remedy which he will freely communicate to sufferers on receiving address.—Apply Mr RAILNIoND, B Digby Man- sions, Hammersmith Bridge, London, iff.

ANY ONE can sell our novel and patent Card Cases. Cigar and Cigarette Cases, Calendar Knives. &c.,which make uuique Christmas presents. £4 weekly can easily be made by selling these and our private greeting eards.—Write for illustrated lists, HEROIS Co., Tottenham-st., London, W. To BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,423 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works re.quiring space.—Address J tioegrio, 16, Fenwick-street Liverpool.

LOOK KRIM i BE YOUR OWN DARBRR. Send at once for the Shaving outfit,—a beautiful hollow ground Razor, a nickel-silver bowl and brim)), a splendid razor strop, a tablet of shaving soap, and a box of Diamond-edge Razor pate. 2s 6d Post free, worth double the money. The biggest bargain ever sold and 2annot be beaten.—Butort BELK, 63 Jerico-street, Sheffield.

THE" SIXTY-MINUTE" WORM CURB FOR DOGS.— J_ A safe and certain care In capsule form ; one size for dogs and one for puppies and small breeds. The "Farmer and Stockbreeder," London, says : " They are a thorough and reliable cure for worms in dogs." They are a tonic to the dog and certain death to the worms ; state breed ; free. is Id.—WALKER, Chyrntst. Castle Douglas, N.B.

LADIRS' aulde to Toilet contains valuable information. 310 pages, post free Is 21. Contents posted on receipt of stamped enveIope.—LESLIE:MARTIN, Limited, 34 Dalston— lane, London.

XTALUABLE VIOLIN.—Must sell; lovely old model V property late sole Violinist ; magnificent rich sem tone, labelled Stradivarius Cremona, 1690, perfect preserva- tion; spleedid Dod model bow ; superior lock-up case. worth £7 ; cash needed, sacrifice, 17s 6d ; being genuine. approval before payment.—Mrs. TYLER, 8 Enfield Place, Exbridge.

£150,000 Aolfgomrtg3igrrorcretpotsoitbeofAileveadnsern Bums to suit borrowers. in sny part oi the country.-7. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182•

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 10 £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MERSEY STREET WARRINGTON THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPALL.C. TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopluiepers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH. DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, e,CIIOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

Animal at. HlGH_arAss GAS ENGINES; new design; latest im- provements. Sizes in stoek, one to thirteen brake power.—MLIJAH ASHWORTH, Collyhurst, Manchester.

pATENT OFFICE M ANCHESTER , BeTABLISKED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE D AVMS A SON have hael more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton ,woollen and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 63, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., A SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTEB• BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY OVER 453 GOLD A SILVER MEDILS AND FIRST PRIZE AwARDS. " VOWEL " WASHING, WRINGING, A MANGLING MACHINES. LAUNDRY REQUISITES. " DIAPHRAUM " CHURNS. BUTTAR WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn, London ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Works. Salford.

BR WISE IN TIME AND FURNISH AT PITTS'S, LONDON - ROAD, KANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch); ALSO AT PITTS'S' PANTHEON, GAY THOBN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY NOBILITY ETC. PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNI- TIME at 15a, 221, 281, 34. 50, 75, 100, 20), up to 1.000 guineas, are in point of Excellence, Durability, and VALUE the VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They represent a CLEAR SAVING of 50 PER CENT, as compared with others. Full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING E.containing 700,deaigns, priced, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent. extra. pITTS' DINING-R7OM FURNITURE. —AStOand- ing display of Suites in Morocco, saddlebags, Velvet, and other costly fabrics. For instance, splendid suite, American walnut, covered with rich Utrecht velvet, cost £45 Pitts's price, £l5 105 ; handsome Sideboard to match. cost £25 Pitts's price, £lO 10s. Extending Dining Table, cost £7, for £3 3a. Grand Suite, American walnut and Arabian saddlebags, cost 50 guineas, Pitts's price £lB. Mag- nificent Brown oak Suite. in real Morocco leather, cost 60 guineas, Pitts's price, 25 guineas, Colossal solid Oak Side- board to match, profusely carved, cost £B5. Pitta's price, £35. Serviceable Suite in real leather, £7 10a, cost £2O. Another in velvet. £8 Is. coat £22. Sideboard, three :bevelled plates in back £4,55, worth double. Scores to select from, Sideboards. Dining Tables, Dinner Wagons. every size, make. and design, in endless profusion, at giving-away prices. TOUTS'S DRAWING - ROOM FURNITURE.— Superb collection of choicest designs, such as Chippen- dale, Sheraton, Adams, Louis, Esc., Esc., in rosewood, beauti- fully inlaid•Circasslan and Italian walnut. Esc.. upholstered with every conceivable variety cf coverings, including Genoa and[frieze velvets, brocatelle, cordaine, etc., Esc, Chippendale Suite in dark mahogany. cost £53. Pitts's price 24 guineas. Overmantel to match, cost £35. Pitta's price 6 guineas. Also Cabinet, coat £55, Pitts's price 20 guineas. Italian Walnut Suite, in rich velvet, cost £.35. Pitts's price 10 guineas. One In tapestry, cost £3O, Pitts's price 12 guineas. Another in embossed velvet, coat £2l, Pitts's price 8 guineas. Sitting- room Suite, complete, cost £2). Pitts's price, 9 guineas ; has couch, two easy and small chairs, in mahogany and hair, or leather ; sideboard, table. carpet, fender, and fire brasses ; a marvel, well worth securing. Cabinets, Overmantela, Occasional Tables, Esc., &ie. Grand value. pITTS'S BEDROOH FURNITURE by far th largest and best selection in the provinces' Over hundred SUITES, solid wood throughout, all complete, in satin walnut. American walnut, Spanish mahogany, ash, and other fashionable woods. Grand solid American walnut Suite, complete, cost £65, Pitts's price 26 guineas. Splendid satin walnut Suite. cost £45, Pitta's price 18 guineas. Ash Suite, cost £O5, Pitta's ,price 11 guineas. Entire contents of Bedroom, cost £2O, Pitts's price, 9 guineas, containing ward- robe, pair of toilet tables,, chest of drawers, pedestal cup- board, towel rail, three chairs, toilet glass, brass-mounted bedstesd, mattresses, wool bed, bolster, two pillows, carpet, fender, and toilet ware, all complete. Massive all-brass Bedstead, cost £ll, pitta's price 6 guineas. Blass-mounted Bedstead, spring and wool mattresses, full size and quality. for 3 guineas, worth £6. PITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. —Grand display. All British makes, choicest de- signs. many of which exclusively, exquisitely blended Colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge. •

L.llllea PIA:\ OS, CYCLES', BAS6I.S h'lTh6, M . China, Glass, Table Billiards agatele ,I 1 a ret Ah el EFS a, r eL.amp ms. gnificent selection. Bk QAMI3 E L PIT T S, MANCHESTER, 1..) LONDON-ROAD (Ardwiak, and Longsight Cara), GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass door). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124.

HENDRY'S "ROTHESAY " 15 AND 16, LOCH PROMENADE, 14 DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, RIVATE FIJTEL AD BOARDING-HOUSE. Six o'clock Dinner. Terms from tie. per day (inclusive.). B. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

FIRES! TYRES ! ! TYRES!!! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapeet, simplest and best cover in the trade; 6d each. 014 outer covers re-rabbered with beet rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & Co., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 28, BRURSWICK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

OUR TWELVE GUINEA "PREMIER" CYCLES WITH FREE WHEELS AND BACK PEDALLING BRAKES. ARE UNRIVALLED VALUE. SOLE AGENT, TRIUMPH CYCLES ,ElO 105. OD. AND £l5 153. OD SOLE.DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHINGS L mITED, 74 BOLD ,STREET LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

WHICH .IS THE :BEST; CYCLE'? WHY THE RALEIGH OF COURSE FROM W. H. BELLIAN, MAKER OF THE 'ROYAL CAMBRIAN, 115 SANKEY-STREET,

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WA•xERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 91. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. • 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CYCLE INFIRMARY Is THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY HAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TIRES RE-RURBERED AND RE-LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's Eadies, 8.5. A,, and hater Lee fittings, Agent for Palmer Tyres. NOTE !ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

44 THE VOLUNTEER SERVICE COMPANY (IST SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT) IN SOUTH AFRICA," COMPILED BY CAPTAIN APPLETON (Officer Commanding). TWO HUNDRED PAGES OF INTERESTINCi ARTICLES. RICHLY ILLUSTRATED. Price: 32. 6d. ; half French Morocco, 6s. Postage, 4d. extra. Orders, with remittance, to Capt. Appleton, "Guardian " Office, Warrington ; Lieut. Lewis, Ditton Lodge, Widnes ; Sergt. A. W. Dutton. Cowlay Hill, St. Helens. Publishers; Maoxix .A.IOD CO. LTD., "Guardian Office, Warrington.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSRY-STRERT. WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually:attended to.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD 'WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE AN,' MINCE. BAR TABLES. COUNTERS FITTINGS Itc.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Presoot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 12e 6d. Liverpool Agent : R RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL, CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver and -filled at Lowest Prices Current.

JOHN ESISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS. AND UPHOLSTERERS. Hr. JOHN =BON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and ZS year. as Foreman Polisher. 1'111417E ADDRESS :-19, THYNNE-STERET.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURNE, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE, WARRINGTON, TELEPHONE No. 222.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS, GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. LTD., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. ARE NOW HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL SHOW OF SEASON'S I‘OVELTIES AND USEFUL FANCY GOODS SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. THE DISPLAY IS VERY VARIED AND EMBRACES REAL SILVER GOODS ELECTRO PLATE OF THE BEST QUALITY. FITTED DRESING BAGS AND CASES, TRAVELLING BAGS, PORTMANTEAUX &C. BRASS AND COPPER WARE. LEATHER WRITING CASES AND DESKS, :AND POCKET BOOKS. SMOKERS' CABINETS, MEDICINE CABINETS &c., CHOICE CHINA AND BRIC-A-BRAC. TOYS, ROCKING HORSES, GAMES CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS, CHRISTMAS ANNUALS. PRIVATE AND AUTOGRAPH. CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS, BY ALL TEE BEST PUBLISHERS. LACE AND GAUZE FANS, UMBRELLAS AND WALKING STICKS. LAMP SHADES, CUSHIONS, COSEYS, EMBROIDERIES Igc. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE SENT ON REQUEST. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD., BLSNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Gover grant( suppO CARD] Catho and tl of We the p questi dary e of the abolis for r • grant whet] be on --echo° pectis it "C 49- of " grow] -shoul mitts DR. SCOTTS PILLS their CURE LOSS OF APPETITE. obser CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDERS OF TEE 13, 00D, while CURE LASSITUDE AND NERVOUSNESS. Educ cared 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prep.ired onlv by W. LAMBERT, and f 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. publi Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is, they wrapped in e square green package. 131titti By post for 13 or 33 stamps. "the ,and chan on 1 ther mitt have t' for in a So t teac vest appc Con pay] idea deri in s Chu the Roc Ac the - Vol sub to deli and , :I IS 0 leg out !, the i• to ten fin cot he Cl gni

ON FRIDAY NEXT DECEMBER 13im • PRESENTATION OF "THE EXAMINER" LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, EMBELLISHED WITH PORTRAITS OF THE 1131. KING EDWARD VII AND QUEEN ALEXANDRA. FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS. republished containing Full Information corre3tei to the test date RS to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUARDIANS MINISTEdS AND PLACES DISTRICT COUNCILS OF WORSHIP MAGISTRATES CARRIERS, etc. FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS Burtonwood Penketh Daresbury Prescot Barlestown Runcorn Frodsham St Helens Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton Sankey Lymm Tbelwall Moore Warrington Newton Winwick Orford Widnes Padgate Weston "THE EXAMINER" (8 PAGES, 56 COLUMNS) AND LARGE SHEET ALMA-SACK ONE PENNY.

SCOTCH & IRISH WHISKY. 2/6 PER INIPERIAL QUART. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 416 AND 5/3 PER QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. PORT WINE from is PER IMPERIAL QUART. Bottles included in all the above prices. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central Station).

YOU CAN'T JUDGE VJIGARS EY THE PICTURE ON THE BON, BUT ONE TRIAL WILL CONVINCE YOU OF THE MARVELLOUS VALUE OF ALE'. TAYLOR'S WO 45, HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON. BOOTS FOR ALL THE FAMILY. SUPPORT YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

RUGBY FOOTBALL HOW TO GET A BILLIARD TABLE FOR 18s 6d.—GEO. G. BITSBEIt & 00., of 36 & 33 Queen Victoria Street. make an ingenious set of arrange- ments whereby a good game of Billiards can be played on an ordinary dining table. The fittings are easily fixed, and do no damage to the table. The price includes everything requirel to play the game Ask the loaal Sports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet an ndoor Games List. Factorv—Peckharn, S.B.—(Advt. 4.)

King . . 2 League . 8/U 3 Centre Halt 7/6 / 4 Klynker . e/6 t 5 Shuteezi .

_ 4 AVOlrAggliki 4 Waiwt,...Weirav . Arty Color, . u Pattern; or Size. Karmbate, 2,3, 20/- doz. ; Matting Cloth, 2/0,30/- doz.; Untearable. 3/6. 40/- dozen. Shiq Guards I'l% . KICKERS. (ALL L TI11:0 White-1/4, 1/11,, l I EA 216, 3)6 perilair I CI! ' 10d, 1/6 1/11, - b c.r4---12*, ' 2/6, 2/11. .2 . 147,346P2e/r61,32 '--.....„; CIIRCIIE. / I 'The Forward' ';' 6/ y 9;6. ~,'* The Marvel sae 6/9. 10/6. Cilteou.. - pattern browns/- "The SCOT" m r Ifor °TITER PATTERNS Aso QUALITIES, SEE CATALOGER. .....44

l••• r S UGG ,toGuE • LORD ST it 4 LIVERPOOLC,4 FREE

Knowles T Thristan, and Driver. From Leigh. George Isherwood and W Battersby. From Runcorn, T Tatleek, A Rawßoson, and J Rovie, From Warrington, B Lunt. Jos. Boscow, T Farrimond, T Howard, T Holeroft, and F Bosch. From iradford A L Bairstow, J Grandage, and H Holden. From Hunslet, F R Howarth, F W Pawson, F W Rose. and H C Gladwin. From Swinton, P Wilkinson. From Brough- ton Rangers, D M Fielding. More Professional Offences. Severe Punishments. Seabseqnent to the proceedings reported above, there was a meeting of the Committee of the Northern Union, presided over by Mr J H Houghton, of St Helens, It was of a protracted character, and the business was of more than ordinary interest. As will be seen from the re- port below, a number of penalties were imposed for breaches of the laws relating to professionalism. In practically all the cases the players had not complied with the employment rule. The fines in two instances—those in which the Hot- beck and Keighley clubs are involved—are somewhat serious; but they will no doubt be of less importance to the clubs than the deduction of Cons letition. points, which will follow in the ordinary course. All the fines imposed must be paid OR or before February lit next, under threat ef worse penalties still. The decisions of tha Committee in these matters may be thus summarised The Keighley Club was fined £2O for breach of Professions LaW 1, Sub-seation C and 13 Patrick, a player of the cl oh was suspended in connection with the case up ts May 1 1902. The Holbeck Club was fines £2O for a breach of Law 1; Sub-Section C. and I` Goodfellow, the threequarter back concerned, was suepende4 s:ne die. SECRETARY'S NOVEL SPPLICATION. Mr AM Ricketts,who lately cause from Cardiff to be secre- tary to the Halifax Club. made a personal application for permission to play as an snoatour with the Halifax team. The committee, however decided not to entertain the appli- cation. THE CASE OF OATH. The Committee of the Yorkshire nenior Competition brought before the Union the question of Gath's registration as a Lancashire Senior Competition players. The Com- mittee, after careful consideration, decided that in order to comply with the various competition transfer laws a trans- fer should be obtained for Gah, both from the Batley and Heckmondwike Clnbi. The Kingston Rovers Club not having obtained a trans- fer from Heckmondwike must no so before again allowing Gath to take part for them in Lancashire Senior C =peti- tion matches. THE PROFESSIONAL ERTB•CSMMITTEE. An application was made by the Yorkshire Senior Com- petition for a representative on the Professional Sub- committee. but the secretary (Mr J Platt) was instructed to reply that the Union had never recognised competitions in the appointment of the Committee, and that they regretted they were unable to grant the request. RE-IssTATEMENT OF PLAYERS. T Hammond. of Horbury-, who was suspended by the Yorkshire Rugby Union about four years ago for misconduct, was reinstated from date. W Wyford, of Outwood Church, who was sent off the field for striking an opponent in the cup ties last season, was re- instated as from January 1 next: THE TORII ITNIoN GOES OVER. The York and District Rugby Union and the Wallsend Club were elected to membership. It was resolved that in future only refusals of permits be published, the reasons for such refusal being given. Suspensions for unruly conduct on the field : B Flannagan (Runcorn) till December 14. M Gledhill (Salforci) till December 28. W Burrell (Hebden Bridge)tAll December 14. G Overton (Hull Stoneferry) till January 31. F Miller (Brighouse) till December 21. Smith (Brighouse " A '') till December 23. J E Brans (Swinton), till December 7. W Nutter (Brighouse) till December 21.

• • , ei4n,l4 ty M A • .„„

Cil The Great Facts are stubborn things

MAZAWATTEE

cat oit

There are no special agents for this cocoa. It can be obtained from every grocer.

4 RAILWAY TIME TABLE NOVEMBER, FROM WARRINGTON tcl°ll Bride-7 10, 7 40, 3 28, 1020, 12 5, 15, 255 47,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. and Hillhouss -7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30,a 4 0, 6 15, II'? 85 a 9 25.•Sunlays 9 31,2 5,9 5. a Stops if requirea. 15 sal,lingham (L & IL-W.) a 2 58. 5323' 710, 9,45 11 57 01'0401 5 20, 7 20. 11 34. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, 45,11 35 e`laYs excepted. 551ondays only 5 srTaingham (Midland)-5 51, 70,9 58,11 55,12 55,3 7,5 22 ;Pa 52. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 4 20.5 15 p.m riftekburn 45, 835, 956. 11 42. Sils. 4 50, 6 26,8 50. Tll,__daYs 843, a 3 35,6 o.a via Preston 52 10 on Saturdays 11:P4'4%301-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42. al 15, 350, 4 50,6 28, s.,'• 8 50, 9 40. Sundays 843, 3356 0. a leaves at 210 on - 71,3°.,1t5n- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 1. 15, 332. 4 26, 6 43 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15. 751 p.m. I.Farliale-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays .954,a leaves 210 on Saturdays 9hestee-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23, 1131,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.20 • 4 22,5 7,6 4,7 44,10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45,1 1 35, t Collins Green-7 5. 85, 8 35, 10 10,12 7, 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 33.7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. 52,e0rewe-a2 58,53 23, 7 10, 823. 9 45,10 20, 11. 57, 1 5.2 5 4 .720, 11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15 4 5,11 35. aMondays cePted. sMondaye only. earesbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20, 3 15, 57, 64, 744, 10 14 49ildays 8 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. 172e5Y (31idland)-5.51,7 0 8 46,9 53,11 55.12 55, 37, 4 17 '8 55,11 52. Sundays all 15 am,a 420 ,5 15 p.m as spot 4„ea required I,4arlestovi n-5 45, 75, 8 5,3 25,8 35. 925. 10 13,1055, 11 55 r 7, 115,2 35,3 0 3 50, 5 15, . c 33,• 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 u49aYs,7 40 8 35,3 43.a.m.5 106 0,7 57,9 54 p.m e4lddier's Ferry & Penketh-7 30, 8 25. 9 45, 11 53,1 55 0 515, 6 17,7 41, 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. 740nsham-7 37, 9 5 10 23. 12 25. 2 20, 3 15, 4 22, 5 7, 6 4 „ 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 p.m. c•arston (Cheshire Lines)-7 15. 757. 831.9 5. 10 512 0 e't 8 1040 539 75, 351. 595. d 1025.11 39 Sunday 4•3"! 55, 1122, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only aturetays excepted. ipdasgow-5 20,9 57,11 42,11 55, alls 4 509 55.3 andays 9 SI ~,e4ves 210 on Saturday. ffllhorne-5 45. 75.8 ib, 10 55, 11 55, 1 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 14 Sunda s 8 43. 6 0. 7liongh Green-7 12, 757. 831, 95, a 9 30, 105. 12 0, 15 ,0,4 0,5 29 6 15,7 5, 715,8 0,9 25,59 40.a1035. Sunday 9 0, 11,11 22,2 39, 918. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted ulant and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10,9 15 ',days 845, 10 14. 3 15. 5 15, 9 35. latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 835.90, 10 49, 12 36, 114. a 2 .23, 3 33. 4 11,5 18,6 13, 78, a 7 45, `I. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 12. aSaturdays only. I Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I,a 5 25/. 75. 85,8 25 1,15,10 55, 127, 2,35 340 515. 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 9 25,10 30. 47,11aY 35, 5, s3O, 835, 8 43, 3 23, 5 10, 60. 9 54. From gu Level Platform. aMondays excepted. bllondays only I,Llverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 .30, 825, 109 53, 1 55, 3 20,5 15, 6 17,7 41, 913. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 80 'iLiverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 1026. 120, 210, 3 18, 40. 5 55, 85. 911. 10 33i11 20 11 39. 104,undaYe4 30, 530,9 0, 9 55,1122,2 x 0,2 39, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18 1, ••%, 10 20. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to ••erpool at 50 minutes past the hour. 41,onstou L. & 14. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 828. 9 45,10 20. ta,57. 15,2 0, 5 20, 11 34. tundays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, 0 • ndays excepted. abiondays only. London (Midland)-5 51,8 46. 9 58. 11 37,12 55, 3 14a, 5 22, 415, bll 52. Sundays 11 55, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays, bliondays accepted. 14'.•tam (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0.9 55 9,12 36, 114, a 2 23, 338. 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927 ,Idays 8 50, 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only 5,1411 nehester (L. & N.-W.) 545. 75. 85, 8 25, 8 35. 9 25,10 4U,10 55,12 18. 2 29,2 35, 332. 4 26 .5 32, 64 3 8 8,9 20, 1030. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 48, 8436 15, 60, Pram High Level Platform. 741,, shcheater (From Arpley Station)- 6 177 22.7 57, 832 11,:. 9 58, 1049. 1 14. 3 38. 411. 613. 78, 927, 11 40, 8 50, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 ; 101,5tiche5ter (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,1 55. 8 2,8 55, 98.9 55 7;0 11 23,11 65, 1255. 155.2 55. 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 6 55, 4,,10.7 55, 8 13, 8 55,9 15, 9 55, al° 2. all 15, 511 49, all 59 I(l4lndays a 45, 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 9 36 a:. a Saturdays only, bSaturdays excepted. t tiddlewich-7 40.10 20. 255, 535.7 20. No Sunday trains 4400re-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,255,5 35, 7 20. Sundaya 10 15 53 10, 545.7 5,8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 20 b,,10. 10 55 11 55, 12 7,12 18,1 15. 2 59. 3 32. 3 50, 4 26, 4 15. ay. 6 43,111 9 2U. 9 55.10 30. Sundays 3 10, 740, 843 a tal 1.5 16. F 0.7 57 9 54a via Kenyon Mondays excepted l'sdgate-7 0, 7 55, 825 8 35, 1035,11 23, 1220, 1 40,3 55 48,7 10, 8 L 3, 9 15. Sundays 8 45.10 14. 7 44, 5 15. 935 4 l'restou-5 20, 5 45. 8 35, 9 65,11 42, 11l 55, 11 15, 3 50 s 6 261 17, 8 50, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, Z. /leaves at 210 on Saturdays. aSaturdays only. ltuncorn-7 30, 825,95. 109, 155. 320. 515, 6 17. 7 41, lankey (tor Penketh)-7 15, 7 56. 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 58, 40, 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 85, 9 25, a 940 510 25. Sundays • 22, 2 39,8 95, 918 aSaturdays excepted sSaturdays eMoadays only. (C.L.C.) laeftleld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 s,r•'• 42 55,3 13,4 17, 6 55. Sundays 9 37 am 5 15,a Tuesdays -41 Thursdays only. glat Helen.-'? 5, 85, 8 25. u. .0. 10 55. all 53. 12 7 2 35 3 40. 5 15, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 39 Sundays .%).8 43 ag 5, 2 40. 6 0,9 54 a via Widnes 80uthport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31. a 9 30. 112. 1. 25 , 4.0. 5 33 6 15,7 0,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, a ••01.rday only. ,Thelwau-6 15, 7 22.8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a1 23, 'Lona. 4 11, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45,927. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. -•%turdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-?56' 95 16 5, 11 5, 120, 15, 4,10, 258, 40, 529, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 925, a 9 40, 510 25. Sutt- ee% 9Q. 9 31. 2 19. 918. 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays Widues (L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109. 1.1 53, 1 55, 1▪ 0! 5 15,6 17, 7 45, 9 48. Sundays, 95, Z 40, 80. "alltan- 5 20. 5 45, 7 5, 8 35, 9 56, 10 55,11 50, 1 15. al 10 3 50,4 50, 5 20. 6 25.7 17.8 50.9 43,9 15. Sundays,B 43, °D. 6 0. 9 54. a 3aturdays only TO WARRINGTON FROM. likAelotl Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 852. 10 57, 12 0, 3 35. 4 45. 720 •,,3 Sundays 7 55, am 442 p in. 7 Altear and Hillhouse —l.l 24,12 41, 212, 4 2, 413, 5 53, • 8 24, alo 17, Sundays 920. 2 21. 8 22. aSaturdays "a"Pted enningham (L. &N. W.)-3 10.550 7205 1), 12 25. 2 • al 'O5 50,7 25. Sundays 310, 1240. 7 0. aThursdays only I..!lrmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 48. 2 23. ▪ 15,1034 1125. Sunday 415, am 40. 11 25 p.m TiblaCkburn-8 30.10 48. 12 30.1 55. 3 47, 750 a 9 5, 4.015, 1140.01% 8 0,a2 Z. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston , lackpool (Talbot Road) -85, 8 45. 9 55, 10 40. 11 40 1 40 5.5337 0,10 0. Sundays 7 2. 1 35 5 12, 7 37. t ticlinool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.8 57.10 0,10;21,11 25, 1 5, ba 6 50, a 8 15. Sunday''? 10, 115,4 57,8 25. a leave • SOTS baturdayS % 101t66- 6 55, 6401 55, 835, 9 10. 10 25.12 10. 2 5, 415 42'0.5 55, 8 35,a 10 50. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 p.m a tureays only. earlisle-al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 55, 42.8unday5 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41.0.10 n lays excepted. thester-7 25.8 45.9 4201,10 1520,5., ,1041, ly 1. 232. 40.15453.0 2 6 1300.6,3550 50,5 1.0,5 15, 6 35,7 35,0.2 fiollins Green-6 39. 79, 8 42, 10 24, 11 23. 1 38, 10, 5, 4. 1, 5 38. 6 23, 6 36,7 47, 96, 10 48. Sunday t 124. m. 1 15,P•111• Crewe- 4 45, 6 0,6 30.8 13.9 20, 11 16, 11 31, 2 25, 3I 5 415 45 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 4 55. 7 10, 245 4 10. 920 p▪ 6resbury-8 16, 1011. 11 18., 2 52, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 45 p.m. Derby-IS 12. 9 35. 10 7,1 12, 332,4 0,4 47. 758 23 7,9 35, ul•ldays 125. 7 30, 6 2:, 6 55, ahlviept Mondays. , Rarlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 15, 945. 10 26, 1 1 3421 42, e "3. 314. 5 15, 5 52, 630 7 33, 8 8 9 2001036 418 o.Sundays 8 33.9 52.9 57,10 0,3 45.7 21 a Saturday oaly. t Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12. 95. 945, 12 3, 2 9. 327 4. 6 2,6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 22.2 57. 52. rods2-aro-7 55 91,101, 11 1, 231, 4 11, 536. 687.831 guru!, 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. (Cheshir Ines)-7 28.? 54, 90. 9 50.10 48 12 0 • I.ls 2,4, 49, 86. 551, 6)1. 25 9 1 Sundays 11 0 glO 9 40. 3 9,4 40. 6 51. 8 54. ---"(w-10 0.2 0.2 1, 5 55. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 550, 9 5.p m t• iolborne-4 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 25 2,41. 438 30 712 • 9;10 42 Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green--17 45. 8 10. 99, 103. 1055. 1.9 130 22) • b 2.1,5 1a.7 113 38, 9 15. Sundays 323,9 20, 323 4 54, 4 4 9 10. r,lrlam and Catlishead (Central)-7 359 53,4 59,8 50, 11 23 wilndays 10 59. 6 53, 8 50, 1.0 00 Latchford 8 14.8 40 9 29,10 2 11, 16, 1 23. al 45. 211 0,1 55,422, 55 41. 67, 6 49,7 31,9 42 27. Sundays 823 4,7 23. aSaturdays only. bliaturdays excepted. I,Liverpool (via Earlestown)-02 25. g 0.7 5. 80. 8 35.9 25 7..0,50,1 5. 1 30. 30, 450. 5 35.'7 5, 8 25, 11 1.5. Sunday 20. 830, a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Widnes (L. & N.W.)-03 25, 8 20, 9 5. 9 59, 12 25. 1 25 1313„•3 35 4 20. 5 20,6 5.8 30, alo 46, Sundays 135. 2 1 0.1 15 aSaturday s only 'verpooi (Cheshire Lines)-5.20. 7 10, 7 40,8 21, 8 31. 840 935 10 30, 11 15,11 20,11 v). 11 53 12 3'). 1 0, I 30 1 33 30. 2 4Q3500 30, 455 5 30.536, 6 35.7 30. s 30. 8 40. .11 30 tunuys 750,90,230.250 420630,839,835.935 ~t'nudort (L Vi)-b 15 7 10, 10 25 12 18.2 154 15,5 s le 12 0 9. SMItitiVII 10 0, 5 30. 31 • 111-,4on(midlan-0)-5 n. 90,1.0 5.12 2(1 5, 5 0,6 45 i• 1215. Sundays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept saontlaY2. 2 5 2 51 I`l'rnrn-8 7, B 32, 9 14, 9 50, 11 8, 1 11, cr 1 .57 2 82t4.15 33,5 59.6 41. 7 26, 9 33,11 19. Sunda .8 15,2 25 715 „urnays only bSaturdays excepted. 1,005( stlehester (L & 24.-W.)--7 45, 85. 8 30, 95940 10 45 07?.. `.°,l 5. 1 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 60, 75, 8 0 920 10 40 st kd'ltays, 80, 8 30, :9 0. 60,10 40 te rll.et ct 'llehester kLondon-roadl-7 25.750,9 25. 10 35. 12 , 31 5„„7 5. tnEtA b ` 5 ZO. 65, 650. 855. 10 45 Sundays sa" Saturdays excepted. aSaturdaya only. ;- ''`‘a linchester•Wheshire Line'' 6 45, 720. 330, a 9 5, 930 111° 4'l° 30, 1035, 1130.12 30, 12 50 13). 2 30, 330. 430. 00 11 4A5 30, 630. 6 38. 130 8 30. 8 35,11 0. 11 0. Sunday 5.930 ' 040• 1 a" O. 5 6 358 30,9 40,a Saturdays only indl, • L.wiah—g 48. 2 39 66. .f l "' ife' /4''re-6 56.96. 11 9.1.2 14.3 47.5 0.7 31.9undav5.8519, 458 f 112'4 f^.-n-6 55.7 25.8 42. 9 8,9 29, 10 9.10 22•11 12 40 1 58, en° 4,11 '.4 48 5 DJ,' 535 5 49. 6 27. 7 '4). 80 9 15. 955 1.1 4, flak° ".Sundays 8 3). 9 49,100, 3 40,7 20 11 52 aSaturdays re .3 03 P. 3 Z‘'lke ,ge 0, ,v-7 56. 828 9 37. 10 20. 11 '24, 1.2 36, 1 41 ~, 43, 4 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 7 26, 86 9 32. Sundays, t 0' „„i3h"..37. 57, 9 28. 1.1 et Nik,."l,--8 25,1 15. 1 55, 6 55, a 8 65. Sundays, 810 610 s,.t7iays only. tr,-,01 14c0 -'llens-6 20 653, 80. 6 23. 9 0.1110. u. 27.1 25 1 45, erenro .6‘R4s 30. 5 25,6 10. 6 55. 7 25. 850 10 30, Sunday 7 50, p)0"05 84.•,9 5. 59 -"Dort-II 5. 1(110,11 5.12 25. 1 55, 2 50.3 55, 5 331 0 0 43 5 1 9- 710 li 0. Sundays 9020. 8 0. 1 Fs. V:101- 10;8 .36. 9. 18, 9 58, 11 12. 1 15. at 41. 29, ebe 29. 7, 2. 1531. 63. 6 45. 7 30. 9 37, 11 23 Sundays. 8 19, .141 "9.• aqatur lays only. sSaturdays exeented. " , .. 534 1? lb"--6 33. 15, 92666.10 0, 11 22, 12 15, 1 05, 230 -s), • 53, 5 20. 75.90, 11 30. i 0 :t03,41 of a 13064' S•C

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. WA.RRINOTON FOOTBALL CLUB. Fixtures for Season 1901-1902 . FIRST TRAM. DATE. CLUB. GROUND, 1931. Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford away 6 2 21 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn . Oct. 5 Leigh . away 3 12 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers ...... 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home postponed 23 Halifax...... away 5 8 30 St. Helens ........ Dec. 7 Batley away 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield ...... ............. 25 Leigh 26 Runcorn away • 28 Widnes away 1902. Jan, 1 Bradford home 4 Hull 11 Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home Feb. 1 Salford borne 8 Huddersfield 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home Mar. 1 Salford Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good Friday 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan ... away 12 19 Champions v Rest 26 Final Cup Tie • RUNCORN. DATE, CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Ag st Sep.lS 7 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11 0 28 Warrington away 3 10 Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldtram away 3 5 14 Brighouse Rangers 19 St. Helens 28 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 39 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire Dee. 7 Huddersfield away 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland in Cum. 21 Broughton Rangers home 25 (Xmas Day) Broughton R home 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home 28 Salford home 1992. Jan. 1 Hull 4 Broughton Rangers 11 18 Leigh away 25 Hunslet away Feb. 1 Oldham 8 Brighouse Rangers ... away 11 (Shrove Tuesday) Halifax away 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradford 8 Salford 15 Cup Tie Leigh 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Tie 12 Semifinal Cup Tie 19 Champions v. Rest 26 Final Cup Tie LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION. WIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1931. Points For Ag'st Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead. away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 28 Altrincham borne 28 0 Oct. 5 Morecambe away 7 0 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan 26 Birkenhead home 16 7 28 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 Stockport away 2 0 9 Barrow home 13 4 16 Altrincham 23 33 Millom home Dec 7 14 Lancaster home 21 Lancaster away 25 (Christmas Day) 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 1902. Jan. 1 4 11 Barrow 11 Lanes, V. Cumberland. in Lanes. 18 Radcliffe home 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Hornets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home 22 Mar. 1 8 St Helens horns 15 Cup Tie, Askam 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 5 Cup Tie 12 Millom away ST. HELENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Agt t Sep, 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster h ime 4 0 21 Widnes home 2 5 28 Rochdale Hornets away 9 2 Oct. home 3 7 125 away 0 3 19 RuncornSß erkop ot home 0 2 tBOrw 26 Lancaster away 4 17 26 Lanes. v Cheshire. in Lanes 8 8 Nov. 2 Radcliffe away 19 0 11 Warrington home 9 17 away 5 0 away 8 6 2136 3313iiteranhead 30 Dec. 7 Radcliffe ....................... home 14 Barro 21 Morecambe 25 (Christmas Day) 26 Bank Holiday) 28 Wigan 1902. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets home 4 Altrincham ...................... 11 Lanes. v Cemberland in Lancs. 15 Stockport home 18 25 Feb. 1 8 Millom home 15 Birkenhead home 22 Mar. 1 Morecambe home 8 Widnes away 15 22 Cup Tie, Hull Kingston H.,— away FLORILINE i—roe THE TEETH AND BREATH.-- ThorongDY cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prev..nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or 15. per jar for the Ploriline Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Adst VALUABLE BIS COVERT FOR THE 1-111R,-11 your hair is taming grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wed as promoting the growth. Price Ps 6d per bottl 3. Ad ote To MoTonna.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the roorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oniet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as lwight as a button." Of all Chemist. Is lid per h0f".1... -Advt. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure' in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and. rains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland ,Countlea Drug Company Lincoln.— Advt. • ANOTHER CURE OF DISEASE OF THE LUNGS OF TEN YEARS' STANDING BY DR. Locomen PULMONIC WAFERS. lungsrepre From Mr D. Verrent. Coast Guard, Mounteharles, Donegal " Please send me another box of your valuable Wafers, I am in three eanptpeyd to o lnformbe .I haveth e a publicet!thatwh o theyw asa areff eael and they are the only thing that have done him any good The complaint was of ten years' standing. I have tried all other means in vain. " Dr. Locock's Wafers instantly relieve and rapidly cure Asthma, Consumption, Bronchitis. Coughs Colds, Shortness of Breath. Phlegm.Painastinis tiho, 2 eCisies9td, Rheumatism, and taste pleasantly, Sold ris 6d, and 115 per box.—Advt. 3).

.IROLILAT'qG For the supply of the newest and best books. MONTHLY LIST OF NEW BOOKS, GRATIS. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. FOR 1 VOL. FOR 3 VOLS. One Month ... 2/6 ... 5/ Six Months ... 6/- ... 12/- Twelve Months .10/6 ... 21/- BOOKS EXCHANGED AS OFTEN AS DESIRED. Subscriptions may be transferred at any time from one branch to another. THE OLDER BOOKS MAY BE BORROWED AT V. AND 213. PER WEEK, AND NEW BOOKS AT 11 PER DAY. L 0 CIRCULATING LIBRARY. AN AMPLE SUPPLY OF THE NEWEST BOOKS

Is a wonderful water prcofer for BOOTS is HARaw S. Sof- Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow Wish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGUIPS T AWA,tDS. 0 bli Tins 2d.. 6d., z/- 6.2 6of Boot Makers, SaAn'iers, Ironmon gore 60e. illannlvotory East Dulunck, London.

MERRY WEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, BLe. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. NERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

HAVE you A BAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Perial4l surrounded with inflammation and avrollen.that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, wider the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same wish the ankles, round which the skin may be die. coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and bad medical advice and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to a mputation; but do not, for Id ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it Is no mason I should... Send at, once a l'ostal Order for 2s. tid. to R. W. ALBLRT, 73; Farringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee., Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Rands. andl Bunions. lßegisteredCopyright.i

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixtut e It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is ft good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to sight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend It o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impuritleS, from whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and 8100 Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY xi:COLN. Beware of worthless imitiations

------ -- bill WANT OP THE DAN. MAKES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW. . t,:enuyirdi eo. T" GREATeb 1' CR I,T, c H iztyi ro rr eto impartingti , , finish t o Starched 411wLinen. Laces, etc. & does not stick to spider. SIARCH CLOSS rewan:e-dlitkrl3l;dmdata:lwrialss. .--" II oy a I Laundries. , Should be used It. house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, at and 6d. Prepared only T. CRITCHLET, BiaCkbUril.

MUSIC! (2:irDaans,peeselaalnrpeiree;es?.oiss.3wdoprtohetbfersete wholesale Catalogue FRE.B.—RuTTEas, Publishers (Dept. T) Moorland-road, Leeds.

PHONOGRAPHS, Graphophones.GramophoneS, Zonophones. Cash or instalments. Accessories ? 7 and Machine Parts. Records exchanged. Write for full particulars and Iists.—METROPOLWAX TALKING Iltsmuss Comr.ssy,lo6. Tanner-street,London.S.B

VEILS Direct from Paris; Latest Novel- ties, 6d.. 9d. and 1/- each. - MADAME VILDER, 11 Broughton Street, Beeston, Botts.

WATCH Et CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. ........ ." : Borg aid Girls can get a MCKIM. PLATND WATCH, also a CHAIN and CHARM, for selling if dozen packages of *RIJIHNE atFivepence each. Send your full address including name of County, - by return mail, and we will forward the flume --••••." post paid, and a large premium Est. No money required. BOBS Z Co. (Department • 241. Gipsy Road. W. .t Norwood. London.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for:.2. Take some good Compound such ac COCKLAA ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be u,e(.l, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their reur2oss so well, may be set down as the best.—Observei-. ," LE'S FREE ROM NIFRCURY ANT/B/Lio, CJ OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. piL, For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

L. COUCH USE KEATING'S LOZENCES FOR YOUR COUCH 1 ANT DOCTOR WILL T`, T Is no better Cough lUedieTit °"' e.'!—On' re e‘tghivee • relief if you eufler from cough try then uo t nee; they wilt cure' and " y vocinjure your health; an Increns's alovf.ol. so ver eoyidearil lie si ad. fc es certain tt'Og s f their • •

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND .! TOWLEsPE IN; TREO EYLAL plus FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SVMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1114 6; ;if (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE 8; Co., 16, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. I TPLII,IfIOIIR. iII ill rillll3 and vorthless.

t S A DIES SPECIAL OFFER! 1 FULL SIZED BLANKETS, I 0 /11 7 lbs. Weight. 1::::::RRIAGE PAID. 7/ 1:: IMORDY, Manufacturer, LEEDS. I

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERA PION • This successful and highly Popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others. surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood. spots, blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- C 0..., etc. Sherapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.O

oAskyourrocer for ir ! , - _;=,--- -COF "§Dtrizußamt- FEE /el , i The Purest atTiirticieheretsr c"-A„t:!'- . A CUP OR A GALLON CAN BE 'MADE AS REQUIRED. .THOSYMINGTON &C EDINBURGH &LONDON.

Ladies • • . . Figure . . . . . , Prominently . . among the most graceful, when wearing the II , . . . • ' 11 il '.;:c. ', , D `rN- ',...---,.0.. 11111111•1117 V.Zit.'-tr, '-'%\A''' • .!. Patent Side-Spring (I'D. :,:z.;-.4 ii\v, ~ S ET vun --7,-._.M sT•-• I,' . Beautiful in Construction. - t7,,,.imited in Style. Constructed in accordance with phrsiologfcal principles, give no undue prteisure. but yield to the movements ot the body, and the side supports are unbretrAerate. Modelled in different shapes to snit various types of figures, they yield a most graceful aini rounded appearance. Prices, 311, 5/6, 6/11, and 10/6. Obtainable from the principal Drapers fuel Ladies' Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest agent. Insist on having the 1. B. Side-S/ritts- Corset—Me Best IMPORTANT.—The wear of every J. B. Corset IS absolutely guaranteed by the —.---------• MY. MANI7PACTITRV.R, Jr. S. 131C.ALI3Ft, Great Ancoats Street, MANCHESTER.

I 35 YEARS PROVEN EFFICACY.. I . _ t ht ' A\,_----..v- '.., ,- -%- (10011 Nb f. 1 ' ? , ..i.. A:. ill ~... : ull6 t[r fi. ~,* ~..7\gis .. i ...,,,, , ~.,. 6sse„, inseeb. , .1„,.., , . ''' t..-''' wil 1411 • 11 ~) 1; •1' . FOR. / , ',- • , 4,„ 4,4, „„..., • { t 'lll (Y,OUGNS . 1:1111,1 ~.1 , .i.i. 4 , e.,10 IPS 0, tnnAcii&Eßm& or; scirss , ,1;. 1 ;f:, r s't '-.777 D;u.cHOUTGREAI BRITAIN a nit COLONIM ' 4 ---,7:----...- - . I UNUM CATNARTICUM PILLS. 4 ...° .:' I FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS, SICK MEADACHES. BilloU3 DERANGEMENTS. &rs i... AN AGREEABLE APERIENT. KAY S TIC PILLS •:. ~ -:- 4. ,!.• CURE FACEACHE & NEURALGIA. ,VERY SERVICEABLE IN NERVE COMPLAINTS. h ~. -AVOID IM/TAnoNs.z--- 4

ENGAGEMENT. AND GEM RINGS. THOL,SANDS IN Brilliants, Emeralds, Pearls, Rubies, Sapphires, Opals, &c., of the Purest Quality, At MAKER'S CASH PRICES. Size Cards Post Free. Q *, $ 4tar., '\- •A' '4/ _. -....e4 Brilliant, 45/- Pearls & Sapphires, 25,- Brilliants, £3. 15s. Pearls Je Rubies, 2S/- Brilliants, £l2 . lOs. LARGEST STOCK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD. Wite: * I 'fni '‘-7 '1 . ' . 7 :..T' j Brilliants, £7.105. Rubies and Brilliants, £l5 Brilliants, Sio. Brilliants, :ran £5. FINE GOLD CHAINS, Ladies' from 35/- Gents' from 60/- B E N so N 's "IMPERIAL PLAT..." ~.",, Equals Silver, at One Quarter the Cost. ~ Milt .swilarm.avastilor, 1F-2. TEA SETS, CRUETS, ~ •;: ~ ~, ..5. i 4 WAITERS, SPOONS, \ ''.....,............----..--,------" FORKS, and TABLE 411 1 ~ For 1,„ 15:17dRetTaiolof, tic., see , . . prices, \‘--\- '." ----- . ..r N ,...'!' l...olol.Nalitilir , • 4%Py'ljk f' l'' ' ‘ l'1;' l'-. ‘,- !•,C;'.i .' BEST QUALITIES. ~ , , 1 ' C\ , ff. TIERSON 13 BOON OF WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT .10, --RINGS, BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL" AND SILVER PLATE, Sm., Sm. Post free. MO'T' FORM and PARTICULARS OF "THE TIMES" SYSTEM OF PURCHASE, Post Free. IL W. BENSON, Ltd., 62 & 64, Ludgate Hill, London.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOIC7 OEE C HAM' LIS FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache,'Constipation, Wind,

Prepared only bl the Proprietor Tnonus BEECHAM St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d: each, with full di;ectious. SQla everywhere.

401NTMENTO CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN

Banufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

WRITE GAmkeEl IT WILL NOW. PAY YOU. H BORN, LONDON, E.C.

PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES IN DEANSG ATE 10 To 25 PER CENT DISCCUNTS. GRATES, RANGES, MANTELS, CLOCKS. IRONMONGERY, HORTICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, PLATE, CUTLERY, BRASS WORK, &C., &C. LEECII BROS, S.; CO., 29 AND 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891.

MUNICIPAL TRADING Mr. Norbury Williams and the Challenge of H Ingram, Ltd. TO THE EDITOR OF THE EXAMINER. Sir, Referring to the challenge of Messrs H. Ingeam Ltd., In the Warrington papers of Saturday last, offering to give £2O to the Infirmary if they are right on condition that I should give £2O to the Infirmary if I am wrong I now set out afresh paragraphs 24, 25, and 23 con- tained in my letter of the 15th inst. addressed to Mr. Alderman F. W. Monks. 24.—" I find that you are chairman of the Electric Lighting' committee and that on October 17th last your committee resolved to purchase motors, and to hire them out to ratepayers who might desire to use them. This course was approved by the council so recently as October 29th. Now notice what happened in this committee of 'high moral tone.' A Warrington firm whom we will call A. B. and Co., asked your Electric Lighting department for motive power. On the very name day, the foreman of a certain company named 'H. Ingram, Limited,' presented himself at A. B• and Co.'s works, and coolly asked for the 'order for motors, and stated that Ingram's bad had an intimation from a certain official of the Corporation Electricity department that A. B. and Co., had that day inquired for motive power. Not only did this foreman of Ingram's Lirniteo. call, but the company wrote a letter to A. B. and Co., on the same day. It corn- mences ' Hearing you have made an application to the Werth gton Corporation,' and so on. I can only say that, if this information had been given in Manchester, the officit 1, however exalted or highly paid, would have been sent about his business. 25. "Now who is this firm of 'H. Ingram Limited, • which is so favoured by the ' high moral tone Electricity committee as to receive early and ex elusive information from the committee's °Hide giving the name of the firm asking for rnotiv power? Its list of shareholders is b3fore me now and,after perusing this list,l am not at all aurpireep that 'lngram's are picked out in this way anp highly favoured. 28. "Pray what right had 'lngram's to be preferred above other moth-dealers ? Are there not a hun- dred firms from whom motors can be obtained? And you tell me you see nothing improper in tois.' Then I say again you are unfit to be a public repre- sentative, and to e2end the money of the Warring- ton ratepayers." Now I undertake to prove the above fants and as soon as H. Ingram 'Ltd have deposited £2O with the manager of Part's Bank, Warrington, I will deposit the like amount on condition that Mr. Wainwright, Arbitra- tor and Valuer, of Liverpool is appointed to d:cide the question. I make tbe above condition is to the deposit of this £2O before we proceed with the matter because I do not know whether under this Company's Articles of Association they are authorised to spend the money of their shareholders in this particular manner. I confirm wbat I stated about' the Zillah Shipping &- Carrying Co., Ltd., except the point that Mr. Brough was its chairman. This statement was originally not mine at all. A gentleman in the meeting shouted out "He is chairman." I accepted his word thinking he would know betcer than I. but be was wrong and con- sequently so was I.—Yours truly, S. NORBURY WILLIAMS. The following is the text of the challenge to Mr. Williams issued through the press last Week by H. Ingram Ltd. A Challenge. We challenge him to prove (1) That A. Band ;Co., made an application for electric power to the tCorpor- ation. (2) that we were informed of this by a member of :the Etectricity Committee or by an official of the Electricity Department. If Mr Williams can prove these charges we will pay £2O to the Warrington Infirmary on condition that he pays a similar sum if he fails in his proof. We would suggest that he and we should each name a magistrate of the Borough and that they should name a third to act as the umpire. If this challenge is declined the public will know what conclusion to come to. Yours truly, H. INGRAM, LIMITED. Councillor Forshaw Replies to Coun cillor F. R. Roberts—" Family" Companies. TO THE EDITOR OF THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER. Sir.-111r F R Roberts has app•irently intende I to r,o to my letter appearing in your issue of the 16:.h instant _

TO [SAVE TIME, TROUBLE AND LOSS, USE ONLY (Stoned by latest patent machinery). GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS G-IBSO's STONED RAISINS- • GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS FOR MAKING MINOR MEAT, PLUM PUDDINGS. CAKES, KTC. READY FOR USE. NOT TOUCHED BY HAND. (No Fruit—only the Seeds —RemoYed). One round Stoned is equal to one pound and a hall' Stoned ry hand. SOLD BY ALL GROCERs AND STORES. Wholesale only by : WM. BROWN AND CO, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL. IMPORTANT.—See that every package bears the name " GIBSON'S."'

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 83, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD. and 83, PICCADILLY, for p lANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT, AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- 'macy, even in Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public " Ve to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY ONE PIANO-SMITti IN M ANC a ESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free, PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 6i. MONTHLY rt_ ORGANS „ ss. 01. TILL PAID FOR. Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of Ragland or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange. YOUR DI ONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish: I have been here 23 years, and tify goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in fora good article, and you will always be satisfied; and if ever 403 wish t 3 reit easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH. 34. 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH : 35, Railway-road, ST. HELENS : 99, Corporation-street.

WARRINGTON FANCIERS' ASSOCIA.TION. GREAT ANNUAL SHOW, OF PICI-HOLIS AND 'CAGED BIRDS, WILL BE HELD IN TRINITY SCHOOLS, MUSEUM-STREET, ON DECEMBER Tra, on. LARGEST AND BEST EXHIBITION OF BIRDS EVErs HELD IN THE NORIII OF ENGLAND. Anmrseanc-2 P.M TO 4 P.M 6D 4 P.m TO 8 p.m 3d. _

CHIPS, AND TRIPE Business for Sale, on main thoroughiare. doing goo l trade ; business taught ; good living aceommolation ; smartly litted.—Apply 67, BEAD- SiIAW-STRei •T MOBS side Neer Mencheater.

MILK FLOAT. prettiest in Manchester, £l4 chance seldom met, also 2 wheels suit van or float £2 23.-- 18a GORTON-ROAD (opposite Clock Face Hotel), OpBllshOW near Manchester. GIRL as Geleral Servant for small taunts,. , - 11l have a good home ; scat -le, Cheadle Hahne

KaeliddatAlD ttequired wages comnieuce board no beer), lodgings, washing, and uniform. Apply to the SUPERINTENDENT, County Asylum, Prect- WiCh, laePZ Manchester.

F OR r IRST-CLASS PItIVATE. D:E NTISTRY. TEETH. Anvointmenta nunnraecen szy,lbut may bs TEETH. Al! consultations free. Each patient Infwormorr required.lfrelsand the mi .., TEETH. TEETH. 40Id and other fillings at moAerate TEETHTEETH. charges. . An M.D., also Lady Attendama. P*.u/cess Exotrfucktnroausehardr:o by the TEETH. Maker to Defines of 13;200,4:0km weekly. Exam of the late J. • PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...---_.......GE0RGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANHEY-STREE3 WEDNESDAY, to 5. —.-Iflp3l. BRIDGE-STREW TtIURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH- -IS, APrLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. HOWARD—Ho—November 23rd. at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the Rev Canon Willis, Samuel Howars Jennie Hough. DARBYSHIRE —SMlTW—November 23rd at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the Rev Canon Willis, James Darbysbire to Maria Smith. OAKES—THOYLASDN—Novembor 24th, at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the Rev i by Dickinson; Joseph Oakes to Janet Thomason. DEATHS. • WOlOl ALL.—Rovember 20th, West-street Warrington, Marr Worrell, aged 68 years. MLLLETT. —November 22th, Haydozk-street WarringtOth Patrick Mellett, aged 30 years. WOODHOUSE,—November 21st, Railway-square Warringtors• ; Henry Woodhouse. aged 48 years, SMlTlL—November 22nd, Foundry-street Warrington, Mail Smith. aged 56 years. HART —November 25th, Parr-street Warrington, Gertrude Hart, agea 17 years. SMI7II. —November 27th, Allen-street Warrington, MO Smith. aged 65 years. DOWN—On the 27th November. at Rixton, in the 89th eir of her age, Alice Down, widow of the late Thomas 1:10:4' of Wilderepool, interred at Hill clot Cemetery, 3' November.

FRIARS' OREM, Warrington Opt 'mite Arpley Static. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late lissentugh's, , Os Inr • WARD AND CO MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &Ct. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Places, Monument:. Tombs Tablets, Pulpits' Fonts, Headstones In ara2l Marble, and Stone. Deslwns an Estimates Free. _ LETTER CUTTING. AND OTACANINci- EXISTIDTCa MON UMENIP A SPECIALITY.
