===== 0002601_19010215_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'D I- d

===== 0002601_19010215_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
rit°CRE S HERBAL EMBROCATION. -ri .r.r-IrOOPING COUGH The celebrated offectual cure without mternal riv,OOPING COUGH medicines. 1:1.1

4-.....1.00P1NG COUGH Of all Chemists psriocTse ,r‘XIOOPING COUGH Virt.hliol3ersal: Az.l.g ent s, W. EDWARDS& SON, 157, 15RONCHITIS Queen Victoria Street, CROIITP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION..

===== 0002601_19010215_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
obi Mtn ( bt n 41r

THE ANGLO AMERICAN U.- AINf DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL). LTD. 72, PRINCES ROAD.

CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS (FREE MAxeiarwei DIRECTOR : DR. LA (IPA NCB, BI.D D.D.4,, U.S.A.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1140.

ATSMATS —For GARIMINERS and FURNITUREI RE- M. MOVBRS.—G. M. Jamas. 9,Blaakfriars•st.Manehester.

lIIIRDLES.—Wood Hurdles, Gates. etc.—G M. JONES. 9, Blackfriare-Bt. (late Victoria Bridge), Manchester.

MO SKIP and Basket Makers. Oa Sale Cane Willows .1 Hazels &c.—G. M. JONES, 9, Blackfriare-st. Blanchester.

WINES and SPIRITS; finest qualitv.--Send for price list to C 4 Ai. JorrEs, 9. Blacktriars-it. Manchester.

V EAST! YHAST ! " Eagle," ' Half Moon," D.O L's " Kan garoo" Brands.—G.M. Jonts,9,Blackfriamet.Mancheiter

DR. J. COLLIS BRO W NE'S CHLORODYNR. oTtIGINAL AND ONLY GENDINE. C" ODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful:and valuable remedy ever die covered. OHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for k I Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, group. Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarilmea and is the only specific in Oholeraand Dysentery. OULORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks kJ of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. pHLORODYNB' is the only palliative in Neural- J gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

From Dr. B. 3. BOTILTON IND CO., HOLIICaItIO. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately ad look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. 'Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was OHLORO- - Lancet, it December. 1864. CAUTION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. Cauxiox.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. Comm; BRCVW rIE was. ao3oubtedly, the inventor cf "OHLORODYNR " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to say had been sworn to.—See :inter, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. Es. 9d., and 48. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNR "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm Ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

===== 0002601_19010215_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

===== 0002601_19010215_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
By Posr {is 7Md per Quarter, 6. 6d per annum is 9d. per Quarter cred

WANTED IN CANADA.

Capitalists, persons with moderate incomes, Farmers, Farm Labourers, young men desiring to learn farming. cad Domestic Servants, for whom special arrangements are made.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
' LITHOGRAPHY, &C., CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, TICKETS, &c.

JOGS WALKER AND CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE GRANTS OF LAND

In ONTARIO, MANITOBA and the NORTH WEST. Crown Lands in other Ptovinces. Cheap improved farms. NO RENT. FREE Senoca.S. Low TAXES HEALTHY CLIMATE. GROWING TRADE. INCREASING PRCSPERITY. I Pamphlets. Maps, reliable information and advice on all matters of interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominion, gratis and post free. Particulars can also be obtained from the Allan Dominion. and Elder Dempster Steamship Companies, or their local agents, or from the Canadian Racific Railway Company. Correspondence invited and persomaljinterviews arranged Apply to the CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENCY 15, WATER STREET. LIVIMPoOL.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE CHEERS FOR THE

RED WHITE & BLUE COFFEE.

Delicious for Breakfast and after Dinner. In making, use less quantity, it being stronger than ordinary Coffee. SOLD EVEBYWIIERE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS pßiv ATE DENTISTRY. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged_ All consultations free. Each patient !xi armed beforetvud of work required. Dold and other fillings at moderato charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. Maker to DAuctscs of 10,000gallono weekly. lixors, of the late }T. PARKINSON

TEETH. TEETH TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. J.

(MCNTIST BY HIA.X.)I, SIANCHESTER-....-46, MOSLEY-STREE r

(Telephone 1680).

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS

ST. HELENS ...—.- ...GEORGE-STREET - MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON —.-...3e, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5,

RUNCORN,— —_-31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICR —lB, LPYLEMARKET-S. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

GUINNBRS'S _DUBLIN STOUT BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALEN ALLSOPP'S MILD /an) BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTELL.i. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEIM. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CIINY INGRAM! WIIIIWIOE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufactuaer of RIGA! CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Sorew-stopuared Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET. -- "A . WONDERFUL WATC ." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILV ENOLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROPGH WEAR. A WATLIH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona fide Written Guarautee for Fifteen Years given with esola watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, &c., BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. ANALYSIS—NITROGRN lf TO AMMONlA. PHOSPHATES PRICE .£2 15s. PER TON. At Yard or Free on Rails. Bags Free. 5 Pllll CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. Compare the price and analysis with other manures. The Menure is sent out in dry triable condition to ensure even distribution and little labour in sowing, and is free from any objectionable smell.

After'last7 Season's most satisfactory reports from cue' tomer§ I have every confidence of again clearing out all my stook au d will be glad to reative Orders Ball/.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD. LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. ME.

PAPER AND PAPER BAGS. FOR ALL TRADE PURPOSES, WHOLESALE

AND RETAIL. STATIONERY. TWINES, ETC.

S. WEAVLR, 3, FLAG-LANE (OFF KINT-STREET),

[WARRINGTON.

T.T U NDER THE CLOCK

I

IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD BOOTS. "

EADE'S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. "Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. Cured after suffering over two years,'—Mr Elford, 53. New Lloyd-street. Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."... M. Kelly. 68, Northurnberland-streei, Poplar, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days.'--E Macdonald. 79, Nose Hill-terrace. Brighton. pADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. 'I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."-3.R.Rogers,ls, Hanoyer-at..Leede. ELIAS'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. "I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W. -VADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pill+ I was almost well."-Philip Brans, 32 Areher-street, Bayswater, W. EADE'SG oUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest so got your pills and soon got relief."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, Manchester. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."-30hIl Latham. Oxford-street. Coalyille East. Leicestershire, EADE'S GOUT PILLS. REGIRVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURE. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatie pains sloce."—W. White. 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Su Hay- wood's-heath, -sex. EADE,sGout' PIL LS, MADE BY A PitACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a &box; if that is so you:. are wmth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague. Butch•r, S'..ockebridge, Deepear ADEN GOU and RHEUMATIC PILLS 1.24 Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London.

W. A. LESLIE. COMPLETE HOUSE 141URNISLIER

AND IRONMONGER, ac.

,' PLICENIX HOUSE,'

I

50, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19010215_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
M DOUGALL'S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR ALZUMIE THE EXAMINEP, ERMA Y, FEBRUARY 15 1901

"Well, this is an unexpected pleasure," she said. "Who would have thought of seeing you out here." "I had a few I,ouri of: from business to-day,", he said, blushing, "and one seems to get a sniff of the country here." "And the smell cf spring is already in the air," , she replied. "Oh, I am always glad when the spring comes." "You are fortunate in living so near the park," he said. "You think so?"

"There can be no doubt of it. Cheapside makes one hunger for a glimpse of green grass and the sight of a tree, though I believe there is one tree not far away from us. I have not noticed it myself, but at any rate, there is a ttadition to that effect."

She gave a little laugh, then abruptly turned the conversation. "You were going to call on us, of course. We have all been wondering when your promised visit was to be paid. Father would have written you, but you left no address." "I should like to call very much, but I see you are going out." "Only into Marylebone-road. I shall be back again in half-an-hour."

-"May I walk with you?" he said, wondering at his temerity. "If you don't mind," she answered, brightly; "but, as a rule, gentlemen don't like waiting out- side shops." "I don't mind in the least," he said, and they walked away together. They were much more than half-an.hour in going and returning, but to Justin it did not seem five minutes. He wished the streets would lengthen out indefinitely. To walk by the side of this sweet- faced maiden, as though lie were her equal, was like a dream to him, and again came the old ques- tion: "Could he win her? Could he make himself worthy of her? Could he hope that fortune might smile upon him, and work a wonder on his behalf ? " Then his thoughts flew off to Phil. Did he stand in his way? How could he get to know? "Have you seen your cousin lately ? " The question came suddenly and unexpectedly. "Not since I saw him at your house," lie an- swered, colouring slightly.. • "Then you have not told him that you are living in London?"

"No. I have really had no chance." "But why did you evade it when you were at our house? '

"I don't know," he answered, !frankly. "It was his manner, I think. He irritated me some- what."

"I thought you did not seem quite yourself." s For a few moments there was silence, then he said, abruptly: "Have you seen him lately ? " "Oh, yes," and she laughed a merry little laugh. "He drops in once or twice every week—sometimes oftener."

"Lucky dog, Phil I " The next moment she had rung the door-bell. "I found Mr. Pentyre walking unprotected in the park," she said to her mother, with a gay laugh, "so I took compassion on him, and brought him home."

Nothing could have been kinder than Mrs. Love- day's welcome, and Justin found himself once more peeping through the gates of Paradise. An hpur later Mr. Loveday returned. Justin thought he looked'worried and anxious ; and for a while he talked about certain international complications that were upsetting business and causing commercial men no end of anxiety. But over the dinner-table the talk drifted back to Cornwall, and foreign com- plications and business anxieties appeared to be forgotten. Justin not only peeped through the gates, but he seemed to get inside. After dinner Ruby played and sang, and the evening sped away like a dream. And when he left, Mr. Loveday gave him a very pressing invitation to come again. Instead of taking the Underground, he got into a 'bus and dreamt away the journey to Trafalgar- square. Now and then he roused himself and called himself a fool, but he quickly went back to his dreams again. It was getting late when he got to Trafalgar- square, but he decided, nevertheless, that he would walk the rest of the way. The Strand was com- paratively empty, for most of the theatres had closed.

He walked along at a rapid pace, then paused suddenly. "I know that voice," he said to himself. A well- dressed man was reeling on in front of him with a woman holding fast to his arm. He hurried on again, and came close to the couple. The voice was Phil Passmore's—there could be no doubt of that. Thick and guttural it might be, but unmistakably his. • But to make doubly sure, he crossed the street and walked rapidly ahead, then re-crossed it and met the pair where the light of a lamp fell full upon their faces. There was no longer any room for doubt now. Phil was evidently strongly under the influence of drink and every now and then had to be steadied by the painted creature at his side. When he had seen them disappear up a narrow street he walked hurriedly.home like a man hardly awake. Fresh from the simple life of the country, his moral sense was shocked and outraged. In St. lago drunken- ness was looked upon as the parent of all vices, and he had been taught to regard it with utter loathing. And this man was the friend of Ruby, and, for all he knew, her accepted lover. "Oh, I would rather see her buried " he said. "It is horrible—horrible. It cannot be—it must not bet"

Then he paused and looked up at the stars. "Alas!" he said, in a tone of despair, "I am powerless to prevent it! If it is to be, it will be

===== 0002601_19010215_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

My DE AU IN ELLIE,

I think, as do a great many more of my friends, that Court mourning for a whole year is a very serious matter for British trade. That coloured dress should be forbidden for so long a period to the whole of our aristocracy involves a severe blow to tradesmen who supply textile fabrics and millinery, and also to all manufacturers of materials .other than black in tint. The period decreed is not a day too long for the feelings of the beloved Queen's sorrowing subjects, but our England's interests are inextricably interwoven with trade, for are we not truly, as Napoleon the First described us' a nation of shopkeepers ? The pGriod of general mourning is left to individual inclination, taste or discretion, and it is probable that three weeks will, for the most part, be the shortest time for which it will be worn. "Deepest mourning" are the words of the Order of his Majesty and the Council. This probably means crape, and it will also be interpreted by many.

Now that people have realise . that the national mourning will last for a considerable time, they have turned their attention to seeing which of their clothes can be turned to account in the present emergency, it is better to spend a little on doing up and altering gowns and hats to suit the case than to put these by, for fashions alter quickly, aid by the time we emerge into colours again the relentless tide will have swept on and left the erst- while fashioi tble garment stranded amongst the modes that have been. Black dresses have been the height of the fashion all through the winter, and in the majority of cases only need the removal of a little colour or trimming to adapt them to the needs of the moment. Black hats, too, have been much worn, and most of them hold good now, though all paste ornaments stmuld be removed, and jet or enamel substituted.

are growin,;

, larger and more important; some are almost turbana, in fact. I am sorry to see that the aigrette is a prominent 'feature in all—one, in deep rose panne, had a broad bandeau passing round the front of the head, with a bushy white diarnent6 aigrette at one side and a large bow of the panne, with upstanding ends at the other end of the connecting band. Another was of cream panne, with white aigrette and a very imposing spray of skeletonised silver leaves, the veinings all picked out with diamonds. Bnt perhaps the prettiest was a broad band of twisted seed pearls passing right mind the head, with a large knot of the pearls in the centre of the front, from which uprose a white aigrette.

To make a ___-.Jhie __ get 14 inches of three-and-a-half-inch-wide ribbon divided into two parts. One yard and a-half of two-and-a-quarter- sneh-wide ribbon is gathered in the centre on both sides and sewn to the four inches of the wide ribbon, the remaining three inches of each piece being fringed and lapped over on the outside. The ends of the ribbon are crossed five inches above the pocket and tied in a bow. A monogram or initial may be embroidered on one dap. Pin to dress with a safety p;n on wrong side of pocket. Striped materials are well worn just now, especially in black and white. These stripes, in varying widths, but usually about three-quarters of an inch broad, are very cunningly made up by clever dressmakers, the skirt being cut round the waist, so that the black stripes merge into each other, the white coming into evidence a little lower down, which gives somewhat the appearance of a sunray-pleated skirt, and has a very diminish- ing effect on the hips, beneficial to stout people. rhese black told white dresses look at their best made up with deep capes or yokes and rover and gauntlet cuffs of deep ecru-coloured coarse lace, and many are lavishly trimmed with sable tails. The rather trying lines of a dress may be broken in the front of the bodice by a simulated bolero introduced in the trimming, together with a simulated vest consisting of closely placed rows of black mohair braid. Small buttons and loops fasten the vest up the front. The sleeves are finished with braid and festoons like the bolero, and the undersleeves mai ch the vest. They are gathered into plain wristbands with frills falling over the hands. The skirt of the Princess dress forms a long polonaise, finished with deep van- dykes round the edge and buttoning in scallops down the front. The underskirt is silk with triple rows of braid, set horizontally, as trimming. Some of the silk and wool mixtures, such as Tagus°, Clairette, and drap d'Alma, make ideal dresses. Black cloth is as great a favourite as ever, and will be very much used during the next few months for Court mourning. It should be remembered that all garments Should be neatly mended before they are washed, as a rent usaliy grows larger during the process of laundrying. Stains of all kinds are more easily removed be:ore washing than after. Fruit stains will usually disappear if boiling water is poured through them while they are fresh. If this treat- ment does not prove etnetive, wet the stains several times with a solution of salts of lemon, allowing time for tha goods to dry between the applications. To take out mildew, dissolve a tea- spoonful of chloride of lime in a bowl of hot water, then strain it carefully into half a pail of water. Wet the material in clean water, then put it in the pail and allow it to stand two hours. If at the end of that time the mildew is not remov d, put in more of the solution and try again. Rinse through two waters and hang it up to dry. Unbleached muslin treated in this way becomes beautifully white; a very little chloride of lime bleach 30 or 40 yards.

handkercl

po.eyet

Your loving Jams.

-• : • ....::--,,,,, - ,e4sa, 7::=2::::*: , -" - -- '--='-'-'-..,_:5------..-atti..W.s.--- ':-.-6,,t ...!..•:•• -,,A-g-'4,1•-;.:,N"-: ~•,. ..,.;:.-- ' ;"‘ ''• :..-- . toitY'''':` • 4 4 tot\ lised

1•"c;-.2,-1.H,. 414. • p A / Jo,rtak For evening wear hair ornaments

~,, „,...7.77 t,,,,,,,,.0 ~, . 1,„..- ;..1,,,,:0, ~, orb;,-;>--- r;Jt:.,'_'_'...:- ' i ir•;./' ' , :1 ~ . /// , i'' ,/,...-.• I ',',.',',-/- , 4 ~, . r.,, 4, „,,, ei,:-.14,:i %\/, .0, \,'../ ,:,L0•10,-: i .

411,. ,

===== 0002601_19010215_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

According to the Legitimists, Mary Theresa, the wife of Prince Louis of Bavaria, is the lawful Queen of Ecgland. Fr some .1-31"3 past the police have extended their pro,eeien to the wreath a which ,he Jacobites have been accustomed to place en the statue of Charles I, on January 30. But this year they would not allow this display no doubt owing to the notice,which was affixed to St James' Palace on the night of Queen Victoria's death proclaiming Albert Edward to be a usurprr; and that Queen Mary was the lawful Sovereign. In no other country could the spectrea be witnessed of the authoritica openly protecting the symbol of a rival claimant to the throne, but it would seem that we can no longer boast of this, owing to the action of some fool- ish people, who still refuse to recognise the Act of Parlia- ment of 1701. which diverted the throne from the Stuarts to the Hanoverians. Few things could help us more iffectually to realise the death of Qoean Victoria, than the opening of Parlia- ment by the Sovereign in person. Prior to the death of the Prince Consort in 1861, it was the general practice of Her late Majesty to open Parliament, and even after that event, she was present on several occasions at the lbeginnieg of a &Felon. The last time was January 22nd, 1886, on the anniversary of which event she died, fifteen years later. The ceremony was performed in semi state, and the Queen did not wear her crown, which was carried by the Duke of Portland, oar did Her Majesty herself read the speech. Doubtless many of us who witnessed the recent his- torical procession, recalled to mind other processions of a like character, with which bietory has made us familiar. Tha,, for example, on November 11th, 1555, whr n Queen Mary opened her 3rd Parliainent,mest have been one of peculiar splendour. The Queen, magnifi- cently attired, was mounted on strained coarser, whose drcorationa were superb. By her side rode King Philip, wearing his brevet cap.and black velsYt doublet, swords of state being borne before each of them, in token of their independent Sovereignties. And many there must have been among the crowd, the other day, who recalled our own late, beloved Queen's proces.ion, when she opened ber first Parliament, and the thoughts of such must, inevitably have been tinged with sadness. But our confidence in the new King and Queen is firm, and I our affection for them a v,ry real thing indeed, and we are, one and all, full of hope for the future. Pearls and diamonds were the only gems permissible at the opening of Parliament, and many wemen decided therefore to have removed from lovely old heirloom pieces of jewellery, coloured stones, replacing them for the time being with either one or both of the gems approved. Black pearls were few and far between, but hrre they were in evidence, the effect left absolutely nothing to be desired. Few women perhaps care leas for jewels than Queen Alexandra. Her Majesty much Meters flowers, and is never, except when in the very deepest moureing, without a spray, or posy of some description.

QUPPII Alexandra possesses a quantity ef magnificent jewellery, and she now, of course has, for life, the use of some of the Crowe jewels. Soon after Queen Victoria's marriage, the principal Crown jewels passed to the Hanoverian line, and in consequence strained relations between our Sovereign and the Duke of Cumberland always existed. But with Her Majesty's death all is altered. The Duchess of Cumberland, as all the world knows, is a sister of Queen Alexandra, and it is expected that both the Duke and Duchess will now p.y occasional visite to this country. The announcement that presentations at9the court of Queen Victoria, will hold good during the present reign, is a new departure from establiahed cuetom, but it is the simplest way out of a difficulty.. Formerly those members of society who had attended Drawing Rooms had to be presented afresh to the new Sovereign, but since Queen Victoria came to the throne, the number of people who have attained to that privilege has so enormously increased, that it would be almost impossible to individually go through the formality again. Con- seqirently the best way cut of the difficulty was the announcement just issued, which should be satisfactory to all concerned. The bridal gown of Queen Wilhelmina seems to have been as simple as that of the Princess of the Asturias was elaborate. The latter Royal bride,too,wore a very beautiful though somewhat heavy face veil,while the young Queen of Holland was satisfied with one of simple enawy tulle. The effect was much more girlish and delightful in every way. Comparing the trousseaux of the Royal brides, the palm for elaberateness must be given to the Dutch Queen, who, unlike the Spanish Princess, has per- mitted no one bur her mother and her dressers to secure a glimpse of any part of it. Now-a-days the trousseau is a much less extensive affair than formerly, and no more gowns are ordered than will prove sufficient for the honeymoon.. _ _ .

The many society weddings fixed for this month have led to something like a scramble to find suitable days for their celebration before Lent. The wedding day of the Duke and Duchess of Westminster was originally chosen for the 14h, but it was discovered that another wedding, that of Mr. Wilsoe,and Lady Marie Carring- ton, was fixed for the same day, at the same church. The Wiisons cffered to give way to the Dake,and altered their wedding day to the 12tb, but it was after all de- cided that the Westminster marriage could not take place on the 14th, owing to the opening of Parliament by the King, in full state. The duoal wedding was then to have taken place on the 12th,but as the IClsons could hardly be expected to give way a second time, there was no other choice left but fer Saturday the 16 h for the meet interesting wedding of the season. The o'd time superetition about black worn at a marriage ceremony has vanished complettly,and theugh many toilettes in grey, heliotrope, at purple. were to be seen at the recent Society weddings, black was tbe general wear amongst the guests. 'Undoubtedly we are I becoming accustomed to what one might almost say the shock of seeing everyone in sable attire. Our churches, our theatres, all vast garheriege, present one note only— black, and a spot of colour seems as it were an offence. and a blot upon the sombre scene. To the general pub. ho half mourning colours will soon now be a peesibility Ibut few probably will di,card black until Ar.ril 17, even 1 then kesping to secondary mourning until July has come land gone. ' The rules concsrning summer and winter fabrics, et one time so rigidly enforced, have disappeared alto- gether. An instance of this may be seen in the tulle hate ar d tcques so much worn at the present moment. Chiffen too is enjoying a wide venue in the millinery world, it being largely employed for ruffles and muffs, as well as headgear. It is costly wear at this seasoo of the year, tut it is most becoming. 1?r evening blouses and entire gowns, band-pleated chiffon, sil muslin, and crepe de sole are in great request. The process of hand- pleating is cc stip, but a gown of such material needs no further trimming, which somewhat equalises matters. " MADGE."

IT, HELENS FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURBS AND SCORBS.

19r. PM. Sept. For. Apt. 1 Broughton R home 5 3 8 Rochdale H. home 10 3 15 Warrington away 0 0 22 Runcorn, home 0 11 29 Wigan home 16 0 Oct. _

6 Stockport home 3 0 13 Oldham away 0 22 27 Millom home 2 4 Nov. _ _

3 Wigan(S.W.LAB.T. Cup Comp.abotne 7 0 10 Wigan away 8 8 17 Salford home 2 13 24 Warrington home 0 7 Dec.

—I- Stockport sway 0 5 15 Oldham home 5 15 22 Broughton R away 0 20 24 Warrington C. C.) away 5 6 26 Leigh away 0 12 29 Widnes away 0 8 19-1. Jan.

1 gudderatleld home 11 3 6 Barrow away 5 14 12 Leigh home 0 5 19 Swinton 26 Rochdale H. away 0 2 Feb. 9 Widnes home 7 5 16 Runcorn away 23 Millom away Mar. 61 Swinton away A pri I. 6 Barrow home

A LONDON EDITOR OFFERS £25 FOR A LOVE LEITER.— The enttrprire cf new and ycung journals makes origin- ality an absolute eseential for any penny paper that is to meet with since's. Perhaps one of the most unique Inducements ever ffeted to readers of such a journal is can sow being made by Butterick's Fashion Guide, the proprietors of which offer twenty-five pounds for an original love letter written to an imaginary person. The Editor explait s, daring the course of the announcement, ' that the " Love Letters of an Englishwoman "are his intpiration and he juitifies his expectations that the public will take s great interest in a competiticn of this kind by giving quotations in the March number of the Guide, now current, of various fame us love letters that have been classics for many years. The prize is certainly considerable, and we shall await with interest the publ:cation of the love letter tt at is to win it. One more feature of the competition is that the names ot the writers will not be publiAed but only pseudonyms.

lILANTIC STOCKINGS, ICNEK CAPS, &C,—For Varicose Veins and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprains aro ; they are porous, light in texture, and Inexpensive, an are drawn on like an ordinary etossklng.—Prices 4s. 6cl 75 65.. and 10e. 6d. each —Postage free.—Wurry, AND WRIGHT. Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers, 93, Ren- shaw-street, top of Bold-street, Liverpool.--Ac

===== 0002601_19010215_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
V.R.

PUBLIC NOTICE.

WIEEEEAS WE, J. and L. HARRIS. of 28 and 30, BERRY-3TREET, LIVBRPOOL, being Licensed Pawnbrokers pursuant to the Act of Parliament of 1872. do hereby OFFICE to the PUBLIC, at REMARKABLY LOW PRICES, One-third of the Original Coat, the following ARTICLES being goods pledged with us and not recleerne within the statutory period. Bach article has been restored to condition equal to new. We give a written guarantee to advance (if required) within 10 per cent of the price paid. Cash returned if goods are not approved of. (169) Lady's fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, beauti- fully engraved cases, equal to new, warranted 25 years, £2 10s ; (258) Lady's High-class Gold Decal -Hunting Keyless Watch, plain cases, equal to new warranted 25 years, £5 10e ; (174) ditto, engraved cases, small size R 3 18s 6.1 ; (173) similar lot, £4 ss; (`6,) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch. opal dial, engraved cases, warranted 25 ears, £3 ICs; (172) similar lot, gold dial, £3 105 ; I 87) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. by 1 vin Watch Company, warranted 25 years, £4 5. ; (l 5 Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, a very prett) watch, warranted 25 years, £3 3e ; (153) I ady's Farhionaole Gold Keyless Watet, richly-engraved cases Nat dial. warranted 25 years. £2 7s 6d ; (263) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, very pretty style, richly-engraved cases, warranted 25 years, £3 15a; (456) Lady's t-plate Keyless Watch. by Russell, Church-street. war-anted 25 years ; (232) Gent's Gold Key- less Watch, by Phstenur warranted 25 years, £3 35 ; (220) Gent's English Lever Watch. by Russell. Church street, in massive 18-ct. gold cases, warranted 25 years, £ 15s ; (237) similar lot. £9 15s ; (218) ditto, by Harris, £lO (212) ditto, •• Jones," £ll 15. ; (569) Five-stone Diamond Half-hoop. £2 15s ; (412) ditto, £2 12s 6d ; (437) ditto. 2 9s 63 ; (652) Di imond and Sapphire Half-hoop, £8 10. ; (107) ditto, £22 10, ; (108) £lB 10s ; (169) Five-stone Brazilian Half-hoop, £l5 ; (393) ditto, £35 ; (626) ditto, £3O ; (124) a magnificent Diamond Marquise Ring £3); (599) a lovely Pearl and Diamond Ring, magnificent quality, £25 ; (596) Diamond and Emerald Half-hoop, ; (102) Diamond and Turquoise Half-hoop; (648) Lady's Five-stone Opal Half-hoop, 18-ct. gold setting, 255 ; (453) Lady's Five-stone Half-hoop Diamond Ring. £5 16s • ,468) ditto. £55. • OM. ditto £7 10e 1(187) ditto. £99s ; 651) ditto, £l2 lOs ; (447) Gent's Single-stone Old- Brazilian Diamond Bing. £27 108 ; (101) ditto, £35 ; (89), ditto. £3O 1(589). ditto, £l6 10. ; (153). a Circular Diamond Pendant. to form brooch, composed of the purest Brazilian Diamonds, a rare bargain, £55 ; (700) lovely Diamond Star, Brooch or Pendant. £3B 10s ; (555) another, £25 ; (3 8) pretty Diamond Ruby and Pearl Crescent Brooch, £7 ; (101) Unique Carved Opal Bkoch, £2O ; (750) a Reuel Oriental Pearl and Diamond Necklace, £200; (117); Opal and Diamond Bracelet, fashionable style, £35 ; (104) Diamond and Sapphire Cluster Bracelet, £l7 105 (166) Diamond and Ruby. 15ct. gold, stylish, £5; pretty Pearl Bracelets. from £1 108 ; a large 5, lection of Bracelets, all genuine forfeited pledges ; (1,176) Gent's rdold Altert. aovernmeat stamped each link, graduated curb pattern, very massive. £5, (1,1(9) Aittn, £4 17. 6d ; (118) ditto,22 15s; '1,334) ditto, £33. • (1,177) ditto. £2 10s ; (1,318) Gent's Fashionable Fetter-link pattern. £2 14e ; (1,299) ditto, £4 ss; (1,317) £2 ICs ; (1,320) £2 135 • (1 168) Gent's handsome fancy pattern £2 15s ; (124) £2 1.7 s 63 ; (262) £2 10s ; (1,204) £2 55 ; (1.291) Gent's Solid Gold Curb Albert £1 ss, marvel- lous value.

It is—a-dmitted by the entire jewellery trade that we have the Largest Stock of Gold Alberts in Liverpool. Over I,k 00 to select from. Value undeniable. ' SPECIAL OPFER.—A Gent's Solid Gold Albert. Govern- ment stamped each link, over one Ounce in weight, £2 3s 6d. Valuables of all kinds Purchased, Exchanged, Sold on Commission, or received (in a confidential manner) Is 1 Security for Cash Advances. . . . _

Any 'of thc above forwarded on approval carriage paid to any address. Quote Number and Article, SEND FOR OUR MONTHLY LIoT OF FORFEITED BARGAINS. POST Fitlilf• Established 1821. Telephone 5,949.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIS'S., 28-30, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL.

_ THE DUKE OF WESTMINSTER.

It is undo-stood that the D uke of Westminster will reside after la's methane at Eaton Ball, the family place near Chrster, during the greater part of every year. Eaton is one of the finest and best-arranged houses in England. It is seven hundred fert in length, and the east^rn front, with its cloisters, is remarkably beautiful, while on this side there is a terrace three hundred and fifty feet long. The main building was only opened for the annual series of house parties during the autumn and winter tu the /ate Duke's rime, as there is a wing for the family which is in itself a compl -t. bonse. The interior is superbly decorated, and there are some good pictures, but tho gems of the Gros, venor collection are kept at Grosnnor FlOtl4f. There are beautiful grounds, which are elaberately laid out, and they include an extensive pinetum. The park is not remarkably picturesque, but it is well tim- bered, and the wooded slopes of the Dee are very pretty. The family wing at Eaton is to be partly redecorated and , refurnished, as the late Duke left most of the best furni- ture in this part of the house to him widow. The old Hall at Eaton was a vast mansion of red brick of no archi- tectural merit, and was pulled down during the reign oi George the Fourth, and replaced with a sumptuous house in the florid ecclesiastical Gothic Style, on which about eight hundred thousand pounds was wasted. This gaudy mansion offended the fastidious ta!te of the late Duke, and he cleared most of it away, and built the present house from d signs by Waterhou.,, of Man- chester, at a cost of nearly a million—World.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
teoPYrfght•Y RUBY LOVEDAY.

By SILAS K. HOCKING,

Author of "The Strange Adventures of Israel Pendray," "The Day of Recompense," "God's Outcast," "In Spite of Fate," "Her Benny, &c.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIII.

Telephoge: No. 570.

Ito. 1

Telegraphic Ad'

AR 'UNEXPECTED MEETING. "Alas for him who flings away The shield of purity.' At the mention of Phil's name Justin grew cold all over. He was the one man at the moment he did not want to see. His presence would be like a false note in music. The sweet harmony of the alternoon would be at an end.

• ?bil came bland and smiling into the room, but on catching sight of Justin his face suddenly clouded and his eyes looked unutterable things. It was but for a moment, however. The cloud passed as suddenly as it came, though Justin felt that his greeting was far less cordial than it was wont to be.

Ruby received her guest with a certain shyness and reserve that Justin was quick to notice, but did not know how to interpret. Was it the natural shyness of a maiden welcoming her lover, or But he had no time to debate the question then. Phil was not shy, in fact he appeared to be quite at home. Too much at home for Justin's peace of mind. He received his cup of tea as a matter of course, and then turned his attention to Justin..

"You did not let me know you were coming up ? " he said, in a questioning tone. 'No, I had no opportunity.' "Of course, you are not staying long?' There was something in the manner in which this was said that struck Justin unpleasantly and sent him back into his shell. _ _

"A few days longer," ha answered, evasively and 3You should have let me know you were com- ing," Phil said, suavely, "and I would have made arrangements for shewing you the sights of London."

"Unfortunately, I have very little time for sight- seeing," ups the answer. "Besides, I did not wish to inake fayself a burden to anybody." "Tut! tut I You should not talk about being a burden. Am I not your first cousin?" "But that gives me no right to encroach upon your time, though I should like to call upon you if you have an evening to spare." "Ali, just so. A very good idea. Let me think. Unfortunately, every evening next week is taken up. You should have let me know beforehand that you were coming up, then we could have arranged it. But I'll see about it. Shall I trouble you for another cup of tea?" turning to Ruby. "Thank you very much. I don't know when I have tasted anything so refreshing." Five minutes later Justin felt, as on a former occasion, that he was out in the cold. Phil monopolised the conversation and Ruby also. The talk drifted away to subjects that he knew nothing about. Ruby appeared to become so interested that she did not notice that Justin sat dumb. Phil kept the ball rolling with amazing dexterity, now and then addressing himself to Justin but giving him rib chance of reply. The position became intolerable at length, and he rose abruptly from his seat. "You are surely not going yet?" Ruby said, rising also. "Father and mother will be back—* Then the louder voice of Phil chimed in: "Sorry you have to go, Justin, but I know what it means when a fellow is up on business—" "Bat I took it for granted that you would stay to dinner," Ruby interposed. "You surely—" "You'll remember me to all at home, Justin, if I should not see you again," broke in the louder voice of Phil. "I'm awfully sorry you've dropped on me at such a busy time." And somehow the louder voice prevailed, as it often does in this world. Those who can shout the loudest often get most attention. While Ruby was thinking what she should say next, Phil went and opened the door. It was a hurried and clumsy leave-taking. Justin managed to say to Ruby that he would call again, and then, without quite knowing how, he found himself descending the stairs, and a minute later the street door closed behind him. For some distance he walked on, not knowing where he was or caring. The twin demons of jealousy send despair seemed to be tearing him to pieces. "Oh, I've no chance," he muttered to himself, bitterly. "She's kind and gracious, and all that; but that's her nature. Oh, I wish I'd never :en her, then I might have been content to jog along in the old ruts to the end of the journey. Now I'm trying to catch a comet," and he clenched his bands savagely. A few minutes later he contradicted himself flatly. "I'm glad I've seen her," he said, raising his head and smiling. "And isn't she lovely. Life is worth the living if only for the chance of looking at her now and then and seeing her smile." So he alternated between hope and despair, between Paradise and Purgatory. There were times when he believed that she cared • for him as much as she cared for Phil. Perhaps more, for had he not saved her life ? And the would not be likely to forget that. At other times he was fully per- suaded that Phil was her accepted lover, and that he had no 4ight to bestow another thought upon her. On that point, however, he resolved to satisfy himself at the earliest opportunity. By some means or other he must find out if any under- standing existed between them. During that night he scarcely slept at all. Try as he would he could not help thinking that he had come to London on a fool's errand. His conduct always looked worse in the darkness than it did in the daylight. Supposing Phil had not to be reckoned with. Supposing Ruby, instead of favouring him, hated him, what then? Even if Phil were out of the way his chance would scarcely be improved. He had seen her in her home, and how could he ever hope to make a home for her like that ? He was earning barely enough to maintain himself, and he saw no chance of improving his position for many years to come, if ever. Mean- while, the very idea of a shop assistant aspiring to the hand of a merchant's daughter seemed too ridiculous to be regarded seriously. Nevertheless—such inconsistent creatures are we all—next morning being Sunday and fine, he started off again for Regent's Park. It was not difficult to keep an eye on the Lovedays' house without being noticed. He wanted to find out what church they attended, and whether Phil attended the same place of worship, and whether he joined the family circle after service and went home with them to lunch. A few minutes before eleven he saw Mr. and Mrs. Loveday and Ruby descend the steps and walk slowly up the street. To follow them without being noticed was not difficult. In a few minutes they had entered a church and were lost to sight. "That is a point gamed," he reflected. "But if lam seen here by Phil lie will accuse me of all sorts of things," and he walked rapidly away till he came to another church which he entered. The service proved to be short, and he was back again in time to see the Lovedays come out. He gave a little sigh of relief when he discovered that Phil was not with them, and then hurried off to Portland-road Station and got home in time for dinner. He did not go to Regent's Park again for two or three weeks. He felt a little bit ashamed of him- self, yet all the while lie was pining for a sight of Ruby's face. Towards the middle of March he got half-day off, and he was not two seconds in making up his mind what to do with it. There was already a touch of spring in the air as he walked across the park, and a grateful- earthy smell from the newly-turned flower beds. It made him think of Endilloe, and stirred his heart with a only forful a longing to otselemtwheeveorld pnlaocewaagsaigno.i nglttowsaees n Ruby, and that thought banished everything else from his mind. "Being Wednesday," he reflected, "I am not likely to be thwarted by Phil Passmore unless he calls every day in the week, which is not at all probable." He slackened his pace when the terrace came into sight through the leafless trees. He was wondering if the-Lovedays would be at home, and whether they would think he was presuming upon a chance acquaintance in calling a second Um& "I know I am not of their set," lie reflected, "but Ruby asked me to call, and I promised her I would, but I shall soon discover if lam not wanted," and he walked on still more slowly with his eyes bent upon the ground. Suddenly he looked up with a start and an exclamation of surprise. Standing before him was her lips parted in one of her most gracious

, HOSPITAL , 61 ' TRAINED NURSES . ..... 4) c INSTITUTION, I" § 4,T 0 s. ..., ""..C. MALE AND FEMALE NURSES AND Ult,, " . ATrENDANTS. tC t . Z ,4,003 MEDICALSUR-OICAL E. MONTHLY NURSES ~ 0 ... , SUPPLICO TO TICI. ' a) CI MEDICAL PROFESSION. PUBLIC HOSPITALS 4 Z A 2 AND PRIVATE FAMILIES. CI 0 r•-• V 13 HOPE I STK ; T-' r- , LIVERPOOL. elegr; 4cldress : I Nurses.' 1 r a\ ''S•K ~,,,,....4•Gda.4,ol4o.,,TA_Nk*

===== 0002601_19010215_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIV. NOTICE TO QUIT.

" The cloud of my perplexity Grows denser every day.",

When Justin awoke next morning, he was half disposed to think that the experience of the night before was an unpleasant dream. He knew that Phil made no profession of religion, but that he was addicted to drink and to the vices that too often follow such indulgence was almost too painful to be believed.

"At any rate," he reflected, "I will keep the matter to myself until I have had further evidence. "It may have been a sudden fall, and may never occur again." Meanwhile, Justin found it almost impossible to put the matter entirely out of his thoughts. It made him suspicious, watchful, and uneasy. He had no idea of spying on his cousin; and yet, unconsciously having got on a certain trail, he followed it up. This was much easier than would appear at first sight. London is not so big, after all, and men move in comparatively small circles. Within a month of that accidental meeting in the Strand, it was a matter of absolute certainty to Justin that Phil was a sharper and a rake. Even the firm of Mead, Runcorn, and Jago, brokers and commission agents, was only a blind, and, in some instances, a decoy. Mr. Phil Passmore in Regent's Park, was Mr. Jago to such as frequented No. 92, Melton-Friars. The revelation to Justin was altogether sickening; yet what could he do? Phil was his cousin. Should he go and openly denounce him? To whom? Who cared? If Phil Passmore, or a thousand Phil Passmores, chose to waste their substance in riotous living, who was to hinder them? Did not one big section of London live on the follies of the rakes and fools who were in it.

Suppose he denounced him—what then? Phil was too much a man about town not to have an answer. To play shuttle-cock with a man's reputa- tion was a very risky business, and might land him in gaol before he knew what had happened.. But the Lovedays ought to know. No doubt they ought. Perhaps they did know. But fashionable society did not trouble itself much about such things. Men often got light-headed and hilarious over dinner, and no one thought the worse of them. But—but— Oh, well, such "huts" were not considered. Young men were expected to sow their wild oats, and no one was supposed to ask any questions. Justin was not slow-witted, and it was impossible to live in a big business house in the heart of the City without learning a hundred things that were a sealed book to him before.

In IreHord everybody knew everybody else. There were very few secrets in it. Nobody sould take an office without everybody being acquainted with the fact, and without everybody knowing also the character of the business he did. In fact, people haa so much time at their disposal that they could not only attend to their own affairs but to the affairs of everybody else. That was one of the charms of living in a place like Treford. Nobody could feel alone there or forsaken. Every- body took a kind of paternal interest in all the rest. If you bought a new umbrella, it was known, and also how much you paid for it. If you sneezed twice, it was matter for common remark before evening. But in Cheapside Justin quickly realised the eontrast.

Once he asked the riiiest ion : "Who occupies the offices on the next floor?" and was politely told that he had better and ironire. The City man does not know who 11;s 1:::-hour is, and what is more, he does not care. Irc is so busy with hit own concerns that he has no time to think about other people's. Justin worried himself a great deal about Phil but he appeared to be the only one who did so. And yet, if the truth must be told, it was not Phil's moral peril that was the chief cause of hie anxiety—it was the thought of this unredeemed rout becoming the husband of Ruby Loveday. That prospect was bitter enough to contemplate when he believed that Phil was worthy of her, but now that he knew he was absolutely unworthy, it wag positive torture.

He did not call on the Lovedays again for some weeks. He was terribly afraid of overreaching hie welcome. He did, however, go to the church they attended every Sunday morning. Not that he vette impressed by the service or the preacher. In fact, he liked neither; but he caught a glimpse of Ruby, and that was more to him just then than any sermon preached in London.

On the first Sunday he went very early, and in- quired of the 'sexton where the Lovedays sat, then he took a seat behind a pillar where he could see with very little chance of being seen. Ruby, in her devout Sunday attitude, seemed more bewitching than ever. To her the service was evidently no meaningless form; she entered into the spirit of it, and found in it real joy and inspiration. And as Justin sat and watched her pure, thoughtful face, and then contemplated the possibility of her marrying Phil Passmore, he grew sick at heart. But what could he do? The old question was constantly cropping up. He could not tell Rube, He could not soil her ears with such a narratilks: And if he told Mr. Loveday would he be believed r Phil was evidently a friend of the family, and his word would be taken first; and if he denied it, as he doubtless would, then he would be discredited, and perhaps forbidden the house. Moreover, it is not always , easy to prove what you know to be facts, and to speak evil of one's own relatives is a sorry business at the best. "I can do nothing, he would say to himself, bitterly. "If I were to breathe a word' he would have me up for slander. My motives would be impugned, and I should be regarded as a sneak and a traitor." So the days andiCeks passed slowly away and he found what comfort he could in watching Ruby from behind the pillar. Those were the only moments of sunshine in his dull, colourleselife. In the City every day seemed like every other. The same weary routine had to be gone through, and he saw no hope of change or improvement. He had come to London to make his fortune, and he was no nearer the realisation of his hopes than at the start. Talk about there being no scope in Trelford. What scope was there shut up as an assistant in one department of a big City house. He might remain till he was grey, and blind, and bald, and still be serving behind the same counter. Often enough in his duller moments lie called himself a fool for ever leaving home, and a bigger fool for giving a second thought to Ruby Loveday. "Why should I worry myself ? " he would say to himself, angrily. "She can never be anything to me: and whether she marries Phil or somebody else, what can it matter? If she does not get him for a husband she may get somebody a great deal worse. But in any case lam out of it." But the stern deductions of logic are never of any account to the young man who is in love. Ho deliberately closes his eyes to facts and goes steadily on, believing all things, hoping all things, enduring all things. One Sunday morning in May, the weather being lovely, Justin, instead of returning to the City after church, got lunch at a small restaurant in the neighbourhood, and then sauntered back again into the park. It was very delightful to hear the birds sine and feel the soft, breath of the wind and smell the thousand perfumes that were floating about. As the afternoon wore away all the chairs got occupied, and crowds of people sauntered under the trees and evidently enjoyed the balmy air. Among the rest came Ruby Loveday, on her NvEts, back from a mission-room, where she had been teaching a Sunday. school class. Justin was looking absently across the great stretch of park thinking of home, when Ruby paused in front of him and smiled. Instantly he looked up and their eyes met. If it was spring-time before, it was summer now. Ruby was always gracious with him. "You have come out to enjoy the spring sun- shine?" she questioned. - "I have, Miss Loveday. Besides, all this great stretch of green makes me think of home." "Then you still love the country ? " "Yes, I think I love it more than ever." "But when people want to make their fortunes—" she said, with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. "Please do not make fun of me," he answered, interrupting her, "for I have discovered that even in London fortune is only for the few." Suddenly her face grew grave. She did not like to ask what he was doing or bow he was succeed- ing, though she was very curious to know. This grave-faced young Cornislimm int-rest-PA •r_more than she knew. She often fompl.l—, culat- ing on his chances of suc.,- her good wishes could have helred .I,ture would have been assured. "You will come home anti havo tea with us?• she said at length. "It is very kind of you—" he Legan. "No, please do not begin to invent an excuse," she interrupted, with a laugh. "I am sure father would be quite disappointed if he knew you were so near and did not call." "It is always a pleasure for me to call," he answered, frankly, only I do not like intruding upon people on a Sunday." "Then it is settled," site said, gaily, and they walked away together. But the walk extended much further than they enticipated. They began to talk about Endillcee and both grew so interested that he was bold enough to suggest that they should take another turn round a portion of the park, and as Ruby raised no objection the walk and the talk lengthened out and out. That was a red-letter day in Justin's life. He often looked back to it in the dull and dismal days that followed and tried to live it over again. As they drew near the house they caught sight of Phil Passmore standing at the drawing-room window watching them. Justin instinctively turned and looked at Ruby, and he saw the warm colour mount quickly to her neck and face. What did it mean? Was Phil her lover? And, if not, why did she blush at sight of him? Phil was all smiles to Ruby, and she blushed again when he came to meet her. But Justin had never known him so frigid. But that might be partly his own fault, for he had grown so to despise his cousin that he could hardly help shewing it. Soon after tea Justin rose to go. He felt less free than he had done before, and somehow con- versation flagged, and no one seemed entirely at his ease. Phil rose at the same time, and, strangely enough, no one asked either of them to stay. They passed out of the door side by side, and walked away down the street together. For awhile they walked on in silence, then Phil cleared his throat and spoke. "You have scarcely been as frank with said, Justin, as I should have expecte ,

"Of course, I don't want to complain," he said, in an off-band manner, "but, seeing I am your cousin, I hardly expected that you would try to hide from me the fact that you had taken a situation here." "I was anxious not to bother anyone with my affairs." "Oh, that is all stuff and nonsense. Friends, and especially relatives, should be perfectly open and frank with each other." "Do you think so ? " "I do. And to prove it I want to tell you a bit of -very interesting news." "Indeed." "Well it is interesting to me. The truth is it is now practically settled that Ruby Loveday an( myself become engaged." "Is that so ? " Justin questioned, with a gasp. "It is, my boy. It will be publicly announced in a very few days. Why don't you congratulate me ? " For a few mrsments Justin breathed hard, then he looked up and said, in a hard, unnatural voice: "You wanted me to be perfectly frank with you?" "Exactly. Why shouldn't you be ? " "Then may I ask first if she knows what von

are?" "What I am ? " "Yes. Have you told her the kind of life you lead. Have you told her that you get drunk, that you are a gambler and a libertine ? " Phil stopped suddenlv short and clenched his

lists. "Good Heavens!" he said, "what do yoti mean P" "I am being perfectly frank with you," was the slow and deliberate answer. "I have seen you drunk in the streets, seen you in company that no pure-minded man could be in. I have discovered something of the kind of life you are living in London, and lam ashamed of you. And for a man like you to even think of marrying a girl like Ruby Loveday is a sin and a crime in the sight of Heaven." "So ho! A new Solomon come to Judgment," and Phil laughed cynically. ' "And you are not ashamed of yourself?" he luestioned, with flashing eyes. "My poor, innocent cousin," and Phil laughed igain. "Well, really, I did not think you were luite so green. Suppose Igo out to dinner and get a little top-heavy, what then? And suppose ifter dinner I get into company that you with your prudish notions don't approve, what then? It's what every young fellow does." "It's a lie!" Justin roared. "There are thousands of young men in London who are as pure-minded as all young men ought to be." "Pah! shop assistants. Molly-coddlers from le country. Y.M.C.A. young men. I am not talking about milk sops, but about men." "Men, indeed!" Justin said, scornfully. "And 3o you mean to tell me that Ruby Loveday knows that you are of this type?" "Of course she does, you innocent," and he laughed again. "Do you think any girl of grit would want a molly-coddle?" "Then God help her," he said, bitterly, and, turning suddenly on his heel, he strode off in the apposite direction. On the following Saturday when he went for his month's pay he received two months' instead, and was informed by his employer that his services I were no longer required. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19010215_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE. MOST NUTFIMO..;;.

Ea' " :2.

ATEFUL-COMFORTINC

C'r ;IR-ZAK VAST-- c'"

LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT

SHEPHERDS. Annual Report of the Warrington District. •

The annual report of the Warrington District of the Loyal order of Ancient Shepherds has just been issued. The report is signed by Thomas Miller, Pro. CS.; John Da'ey, D. Pro. C S., James Parr, die. trea,... and Peter Edgar, dis. secry. It is pleasant for Ui to reflect. Oa state that on the While, notwichstanrting, th expend is ture for the year having been again eacep'renall; heavy' in regard to sickness and death Claims. steady, and in many instances satisfactory progress has been made both financially and numerically. During the year 104 members were admitted, while they lost by suspensions 56, and by deaths 17, thereby leaving the presero membership of the district at 943, or a net gain of 31. Financially the combined funda or the district and lodges amounted to £4,838 lie rid as against £4,683 12s St the precfse jog year, or an increase of £152 184 BP. The: large sum of £659 18i 4.d had been paid be the various lodgee to the sick members, being £2B 3s 81 more than the previous year and the total amount paid in discharge of death claims had been £274 as against £192 for me year 1899. After a reference to the death of Grand Treasurer Hawkins and General Secretary Duncan Kennedy, the report proceeds to state that events in these days pass so quickly that while prr paring the report, the people of this vast and mighty empire had bren plunged in sorrow and mourning through the death of Queen Victoria, our well-beloved Sovereigu. Her reign had been a long and glorious one. Great things had happened during the last century, and specially since her accession to the throne. The condition of the people, socially, morally, intellectually and reli2,iously halo wonderfully improved. Progression all along the hne had been by leaps and bounds. It might probably be thought by some that it was not within the province or in the scope of that report to praticularise, but rather perhaps to generalise events. They could not, however' refrain from stating that there was a marked contrast' beta een the privileges that even Friendly Societiee enjoyed to-day. and what they were at the beginning of the century. At the present time not only the membere ,1 of the Royal Family, peers of the realm, judges, mayors. ljustices,and gentlemen of locsl influence and power were identified and associated with them in the various friendly societies, but the late beloved Queen was, the time of her death, a patron of one of tee courts in a kindred society,whereas in the early part of last century' lit was illegal for societies like their own to assemble so, transact the ordinary business of the lodge. They ha great cause to be thankful to the great Shepherd eL them all, as a nation,and as individuals for the happier' state of things that now existed, and for His goodness in giving them such a wise and good Queen.

SHE FLIES TO HER OLD FRIEND'

A NATURAL impu!se when one is in trooMo. neav" grant we may all have an old friend to fly to in a time Ike that,

Whetner it was through over-work or not Mrs. Fora cannot say, but she got no, low-qpirited and depressed that she didn't care what became of her.

This was about nine years age. a short time bef< she wairmsrried.

No, it was not anxiety as to whether her married IU would prove a happy one or not ; she had no doubt to that, and her domestic experience since then: hi justified her faith. Her husband, Mr. A. F.H. Ford, is in the employ the Sheffield Corporation as:a fitter in the electric ligil department, and Mrs. Ford herseMies -vivacious littl woman in her prime, and manifestly as happy as it the lot of most of us to be.

They live at 16, Bedford-street, Infirmary-roads Sheffield, where the writer saw and talked with thesn• At the time Mrs. Ford speaks of her nerves 136c1 collapsed, as thelnerves of women so often do. Violeo neuralgic plies shot thronah her heal and face, drivitig her half frantic. If she had been thrilled and shocked with an elect' current from the wires her husband now fits into build' lugs, she could scarcely have felt worse ; probably O°G so bad.

So as to help to get sleep at night they tied cold irate' bandages around her head, but they didn't do moo good; for as neuralgia is not caused by hest, you can' expect to relieve it with cold. "Thoroughly run down," thesloctor said, but avbal did he mean by that ? He gave his Patient mediciasS, but unluckily they didn't happen to be the sort of thine she needed. A real, genuine tonic, digestant and blood-purifier II what her condition called for, and after many failaregi she got hold of one at last in the form of Mother Seigel Syrup. sOc'' " From, the very first." iiAT a Mrs Ford, " :s:mud), soothedBe a t sleepad calmed I lad almec! my nerves., and gave me onot been Messier.' with rg weeks. Then it enabled me to.eat well, and what with tbat and sleeping, well, I was presently all right. "My husband bad a had attack of rheumatic feet, (acute inflammatory rheumatism) some time ago, OA', now suffers from rheumatism eccasionally. He that Seigel's Syrup does him a lot of good for that often wards it off entirely. "When I went for the last bottle the chemist said 11,1 was sold out, and I told Lim I would not; use anythitil else, but would is alt till I could get Seigel's Syrup f°l what is the use of changing when you have tried a ar d know it is good "

PERMITTING DRUNKENNESS ON THE DAY OF THE QUEEN'S FUNERAL.

01111

===== 0002601_19010215_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
FROGMORE.

FEBRUARY 4TIL 1901. Farewell oh Royal Dead Here, tilde by side. Wedded in life, united now in death, The Princely Consort and his Royal Bride Bleep their last sleep, unmoved by rnortal breath. Whom God bath joined no hand can part asunder, Her funeral march disturb, nor cannons' thunder Break their serene repose ; tbe heart bath rest. Touched by the tender finger of its God It throbs no more. They who have loved the best NOw meet in silence 'neath the covermg sod. Still from the tomb there echoes this refrain, ' With thee, in Christ. I will arise again." Farewell, beloved Dead ! We leave thee here Amid the shadows, in the waning light. tiPS Eingly Soul! Oh Mother—Q teen most dear To both we bid a sorrowing good night! Beyond the tomb the eternal Day is dawning. And loved ones greet ye with a glad good-morning g " The face of death is toward the Sun of Life." And though times our heArts it shadow chili Falls deep and dark, beyond this mortal strife They live, they love, they learn His pert,-ct Oh ye that mourn. list to the angel strain 1 "With thee, in Christ. I will arise again.", ALFRED CO'rt.'"

To MOTHERS. ra . Win FlOw'e Soothing Syron 1194 used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for fi hildren while teethhur, with perfect sucrose. It will re the Toorsufferer immediately It is pleasant to taste produces natural 0,0.4 s‘eep, oy relieving the child frog% slid the Mit cherub awakes " at t-ight as a button." Chemists Is lid per bottle. Advt.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 t c c

===== 0002601_19010215_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
a the yon t no rered 3g in !or a t like ht of

ghed were and )pose your It,.

d he grit

d tbe issued. ; Jobs Peter I. Ow/ pendi- beavy and in made ,ar 104 insions )redest a net fund/ £4,836 precfs- silarge lodges

tgrie charge for tbo Grand )uncali ente in ng the re had ) death ir reign e had

END' [(lawn a time

ed life nibt n hal

pro4d, Ina, ,g WO Violeot itiVia

ifier

said 13 ly tlajo ip : f°

===== 0002601_19010215_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Publican Heavily Fined. , ----

LICENCE ENDORSED.

• More then usual interest was manifested in the Proceedings at the Warrington Police Court on Mon- daveicensed victuallers and members of the general Public being present in large numbers, The case Which had aroused 60 much interest was one in Which John Taylor, the licencee of the Unicorn Inns Winwick-road, was charged with having Permitted drunkenness to take place on his licensed premises on Saturday. February 2nd. There Was a full bench, presided over by the Mayor (Alderman Roberts). The Chief Constable coaducted the pro:eautioa on behalf of the police, and the de- eneant was represented by Mr Rigby Swift (instructed by Mr Crompton). Mr Arthur Browne Watched the case on behalf of Messrs Greerfall Whitley and Company, the owners of the house. In statics the facts of the case, the Cnief Cons-able remarked that there were two sepirate charges—one of Permitting drunkmness and the other of selling drink to drunken people. Although the evidence was identical, it had been arranged for the informations to be taken seParately. On the day in question—the day on which the memorial service was held at the Parish Church in honour or the late lamented Sovereign—an agreement Was come to by all the licence holders in the town, or Meet of them, to close between certain hours and not to open until five o'clock in the evening. At twenty minutes to five, D itective-Superintendest. Monaghan and ex-P.C. Pennington were in Winwick- road, and noticed that the front door of the Unicorn Inn Was ctesed. They, however, heard considerable noise in the rooms inside the house, and on entering by the aide door in Gee-street.they were astenished to find the place literally packed with people. In all they estimated that there were ninety persons in the house. They went into the yard and saw six men in the urinal, and they were All the worse for drink. On entering the vaults they found a man named Lawrence Sheridan, who was Staggering drunk. On a ledge close to him was a pint jug containing beer. The officers proceeded te the tap room and saw a cab driver named Burns, asleep with his head resting on the table. In the sing- jog room WAS a woman named Mary Bridge, drinking in I coespany with another woman, who was not known to the police. Bridge eot up and staggered to the Super- 'iltsndent, and, putting her arm round his waist said • Efere Mr. Monaghan, have a drink love "1 se(leughter) —at the same time offering him 4, Rios of beer. Monaghan did not partake °L the generously offered beverage ape went !nto another room. Mr Taylor came in and the super- tatendent asked hen how long he had been epee that ,1 date Defendant replied "1 have been open by the backdoor all day on the Q.T." The officer did not call his attention to the people who were drunk because there were persons in the place, of a rough and boister- ous character, the house was in • disorderly state, and he feared that any official interference might end in a breach of the peace. The superintendent determined to pay a second visit to the house, with plenty of strength to resist any assault which might be made and quell any breach of the peace, and with officers who could cor- roborate the report which be ikould make. Both the officers left the premises, and having obtained the assistance of a sergeant and two constables, visited the house forty minutes later. At this time the house had every right to be open. Mr Swift : It had a right to be open all the time. The Chief Constable: An genial right nut I don't think you will insist on the moral right. Mr Swift : lee I don't. Continuing, Mr Talbot said the officers proceeded to the einging room and found Mary Bridge and another woman named Margaret Pemberton Whom they had not seen previously. Both the women were drunk, and each had a glass of beer in front of her. They then passed into the bar and found that the man Sheridan was still there. lie was sitting i d.„",necli, and the pint jug was on the ledge beside him. 'e landlord came to the bar, and his attention was drawn to Sheridart's condition. He replied, "I know he has had toe much. I have only served him with one Pint. You can't watch them all." Sheridan then taken out of the house by the andlerd and the barman in the following manner. Each of them took him by the arm and "linked" the eelpires man out and let him go staggering up the road. .7e'aring a scuffling and breaking of glass in the singing "tern the officers proceeded there and saw a broken glass In the floor. The landlord's attention was called to the .7,erelin Pemberton who was very drunk and refused to her name.; which had to be obtained from her bus- 1 4.4ned who accompanied her. Taylor said "1 know she ,"enuk but she is in charge of her husband and he is rcapable of taking care of her." At this .e,,eB the landlord, or someone acting on his f "20. got hold of the woman Bridge and removed hPr Jere the p-erniens. Superintendent Monaghan told Mr eirler that he would be reported and he replied "I hope not, I cannot watch them all." At the time of the first • it the superintendent countedeld persons in the vaults 17 in the r.ineing roorn and 18 in the tip lOCHTI. Most of these People were far gone 'in think, and on the occasion of both visits, the members of the company almost without eac:ption, were noisy and disorderly. The police hid very ereat difficulty in performing their duty among this somewhat disorderly complication, Sepprintendint Monaghen was Lhen called and gave evidence bearing out this statement. In cross examination by Mr Swift he said he had known the defendant five or six years, and the present ee!'s the fist case which had bees brought against him hla first visit to the house he spoke to Taylor about condition ef the csteasan,wh; had had quite as mucn drin4" was go-d for him, but he waa net as bad as the others - If he had not been asleep perhaps he might n °t "are sal I anything about him. The defendant at !ince turned the mail out. When witness visited the hesuse on the second occasien As soon as he pointed out t nceendition of the three personimamed the landlord e "ureed them out. He wee told that Elneridan had been served with soda water. C. Pennington corroborated. He never saw a Muse •X-it in all his life. There was not one person who wes qeite sober. All were under the Influence of drink, with the exception of the waiters. le his opinion nut 'nee person in the hou ei was fit to b. served. Nt" Swift: And yet you only cearge three with 'being drunk. witness : I picked nut the worst. Mr. Swift Is that the usual pere,entesseP The Celef Constable We did not say all Were drunk --net qui e sober. Mr- Swift : What do you mean by drunk—these three people? Witness : The three were not able to take care of teemselves. They were not able to pit .or stand pro-

mswift was proceeding to ask other questions when The Mayor interrupted and said : We don't want to discuss hypothetical possibilities. We don't went to Rit here all morning. This is a waste of the time of the Coutt. Mr Swift lam not in the habit of wasting the time of this Court, or my own time. I need hardly point oat that this is an important matter to my client, and I am tilt going, 4 ith great respect to the Beach, to hurry "er it. The Mayor And we are not going to be kept here all daY• Iwill promise that. ,Ur Swift: I premme you are going to try the 148tc 'lle Mayor: Exactly; but we don't want our time .d. ▪ Swift : And I shall use my own discretion as to Iliiiithod I adopt. ,31rtie Mayor : And with great respect we shall ttlie out ",„(!tetion as to what questions we allow to be put. 8 tilt: I insiat upon my right to put a question ..• "4 the 48 .f3ople. Swift (to P.C. Pennington) : Out of the e people re you only found three who were so drunk as to p'eltare charges against tty •c. Pennington : I suppose we thought that they ere enough. as er to the Chief Cinstable witness eaid that he Piy made a report about the affair and it was left • b the Chief Constable to decide who should be saw- wiceled. 15..etorrohowativei evidence was given by Sergeant Barnet •Peteve Barlow and P C. Phillips. jaddreesing the court on behalf of the defendant.

MIL

WO

cur

' !I;.' ;',0.,:%* •\, .P4.77jr-Si. 0(<1-i , ro-r ;,•- L., 1? \S: © f , vice u i !, 2.60 5.,, k , .. 1.. , ... H t•A'''''''' '.J- 3) „,I---, I ~ • , -,h, -:-.. . , .A..--,---z....= a. -71. g ne sin,.for

===== 0002601_19010215_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
lONS

EN.

SE L Soap FOR THE ANDS HAIR AND

SKIN vFi.‘e:intifying , or the -.tc...pping of falling for koftening tool whitenir:;: red, rolift han,ds, onoorin,,, if iCr tC.O fl"CO 0 f ocnvo In wf.ls,hes for uiecratirc wcalinesser,, fanative antiseptic porpasos. anti for Ul ' Puria of tile ',,uth, id nurzery. ~,,poyhy,d by, p. i').l-rrx I) AND •otti: e Prop: • I.O9CtZDt U. DAL i; •

===== 0002601_19010215_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1...._ _

===== 0002601_19010215_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr Swift called the attentlon of the B to the ict Mau 'f.ylor was not charged and he Wit. ut to 1.14 900- ig4ed because he kept the house open on the 2.1,1 of February. On that day by an arrangement,to which.his instructions were, the defendant wag not a party, all the houies were closed from ten a.m. to five p.m. N:i one could say that was anything but a most'proptr si-rangp- merit, and no one could feel in sympathy with a P. non who, having entered into the arrangement, broke it and got himself into trouble. But it was not illegal for a man to open his house if he liked. As the Chief C.:astable suggested it might be that in d )ing so a person was lacking in morality, and in feelings of good citizenship, but it was not an illegal action, therefore he contended that the Bench should dismiss that matter from their minds, and it should not effec: them in arriving at a decision. Toe Mayor : It would have been far more honourable. If instead of doing it on the "Q T "he had orwee I his house in defiance of the arranet.ment, as the law entit.led him to do. . .

Mr Swift : I agree but lam not hero tl defend my client's morality or his honour. Cintinuing he said hat laylor had already paid a very severe priAlty for iI breach 01 hOn)ur and decemy,as he had received notice fr nn the owhers, to ' a the naive, A 4 re44lded the ch.rge of perm .t 0 ¶ druokennesi hi sub- -1 with great cdnfidence, that upon the evideoce given by the police defetidaiA ought not to be convicted. It hid b-'en dc tied hy the High Court abnut five years ago that a person c iuld not tie convicted of permitting darike me is untass he proved tnat he knew of Vie drunkenness N evidence had been brought forward WhiCO showed th a the de- fendant knew that the tnree p-rsons in q 10SC10(1 were drunk. The moment he had knowledge ot it ha turned them out. _

_ In evidence the defendant Siid he did (tat r-mamb,*r having till the Superintendmt he knew Sneridau had had too much and that Pamberton was drunk. . .

The magistrates retired to consider their decision in the first charge and on their return the Mayor said : Toe question ti the propriety of the house being opeu oii tne day of the intermant of the Czaean has been entirely dismissed from the minds of the ; but ou my own behalf, as Mayor of the Boron,o, I tin glad to believe that this is one of very few breaches of the honourable arrangement entered into between the trade and myself, with regard to the observance of the day. After very careful consideration the Bench have coma to the oonctusion that the case is fully proved. They also think it is a very .erioua case in- deed and have decided to fine the defendant the maxi- mum penalty of £lO and costs, and by a maj >ricy to endorse the licence. Mr Browns: The endorsement of the liceens3 does no affect the defendant, but it daes the house, and as the house has been goinz fir 40 years witnout asingle complaint, I submit that it is a punishment upon the owners, who have done nothing to cmtribute to the offence. The Mayor: We have not the owners before us. only the defendant as the licensee. We cannot reciogniz the owners in any sense whatever. On Mr Swift giving an undertaking not to appeal the oecond charge was withdrawn. Lawrence Siericlan, ironwork'''. 4J 4,f 11 -.treat. Margaret Pemberton, wife of William P mherton, 28. Forst.-r.stret, and Mary Bridge, widow, Bu!kley-atreet. were s.lbsoqiiently charged with having been drunk on the premised on the date in question. After hearing the evidence the magistrates fined Sneridan si, Pemberton 101, and Bridge 51.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
_ -4.--- REMARKABLE PEDESTRIAN FEAT BY A WOMAN.

A remarkable pedestrian feat has recently been per- , formed by a woman living in Crown-street, A eworth, near Ilkeston, Derbyshire. A "Nottingham Exereas " reporter, he.ring of the circumstances, visited her home and interviewed her on the esubject. Her name is Gertrude Morley, and she is. the wife of a miner. She inf irmed the reporter that when 18 years of age she began to be troubled with anremia. This became chronic, and for some time she was under the care of a doctor. After a time she was able to return to her work, but the improvement was of short duration, and soon she was worse than ever. This state of things lasted until she was 22 yeare of age. She had then been married about twelve months, and went to reside at Aws- worth, two miles from Ilkeston. Sleep seemed to afford her no benefit. See always felt tired and I weary, as though she would like to lie down and not get up any more. She bad also a swelling across the stomach, and suffered most severely from constipation. She had lest all pewer to enjoy food, and with the loss of appetite went also the ability to digest fox'. So fear- fully emaciated and exhausted did she become that she could only walk a few steps. Even after so slight an exertion as that entailed, she was entirely " done up," One day when in Ilkeston her huebend heard of Chat. Forde's Bile Beans, and purchased a box Be gave them to his wife, who began to take them regularly. Before the has was finished, she felt a great improvement in her condition. She still continued taking the Beans, and her improvement became more and more rapid. The distressing constipation left her; once more she felt a desire for food, and she found hereelf capeble both of enjoying and digesting , it. Then came the feat which surprised not only herself and husband, but all her friends who had known lof her condition. She had been one day to her mother's house at Ilkeston, two miles away. Upon returnine, having walked the four miles, she found her husband on the p Ant of setting out for Ilkeston. To his great cur. prise she proffered to accompany him. He at first I thought she must be joking, knowing how ill she had , been only a short time back. She persisted, however, and in the end he yielded. N. one could have been more surpr sed than he wao wheu he found that she had per- formed what for her was certainly a great pedestrian feet of waikmg eight miles without the sliehttst treed of exhaustion. She continues to enjoy perfect heelth and to recommend Chas Forde's Bile Beans svhereve• she hears of a person suff 'rine from at nia and de- bility. Chas Forde's Bile Beane for Bilioueness are the world's spec' fie for iedigestion, ar se nil, ceastipation, piles, debility, headache, liver and kidney dis)rdPro, nervousness, female ailments, colon, chill and rheuma- tism. All Chemists now eteck Chas Forde'e Bile Beans for Biliousness, or they may be had direct from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co ,by sending prizes one %eel three half-pence or two and nine te their English depot, 119, London Wall, L len, E.O Their effect in emebl- ing Mrs Morley to perform the pedestrian feat detail ei above, has given rice to censiderable comment theouge.- out Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

A Child's Sad Death.

_ Aniuquiry was conducted at the Police Station on Monday, by Mr. S Brighouse, County Coroner, into the circumstance attending the death of Edith Ethel [Judson, aged twelve months, who resided with her parents at 16, Gilbert-street —The te- ceased's mother gave evideact3 to the effect that at seven o'clock 02 Tuesday evening, the sth lust, she was preparing her husbond's tea. he brewed the tea ia a jug, which she place i in the oven. Whilst her back was turned the deceased opened the oven door, took hold of the jug, and upset it, the con- tents falling on her neck and right arm. Lime water and oil were at once applied and the osild was taken to the Infirmary. On Thursday she was found to be suffering from scarlet fever, and she was removed to the infectious diseases hospital, where she died the following day—A verdict of " Accidental dah " was returned.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Concert in St. Clement's Mission.

On biondAy evening, a concert Nval given in St. Clement's Mission, Bank-street, under the auspices of the Men's Club, There was an excellent art-mid- anee,the room being crowded to its utmost capacity. The programme opened with a rendering of a march A' Frangesa," by the Moore Orchestra which was deservedly applauded. Later in the evening, the lorchestra was heard to even better a I vantage in " Romberg's Toy symphony " 11i-qr Cameron was responsible for two songs which were very well rendeisd. Miss Camer.m also accompanied Mr. Darby, the organist at the Parish Church, in a Pianoforte duet. rhe Rev A A Markoam, f .mmerly 'curate-in-charge of the sthigiou, scored a brilliant laucceiB in the s "The song of the bow." "Barney Brallaghan; and "We left the baby on 'the shore." Miss Bl,ckly rendered two songs in an excellent manner. The Rev CI W Dickenson con- vulsed the audience with his rendering of"rhe Bally- '.-nay Cunversazione" and "The Motor-car." in response to a vociferous encore to the former, Mr Dickernion sang " 'vs a terrible lot to di to day." Miss J Litton contribwed a couple of violin aolos in a very creditable manner. Mr IBleekly gave a good rendering of " The old folks at Home on the piccolo. The feature of the eveu- -ling was the first appearance in public of the St, 1 Clement's Pierrots, Misses A Miller, A 113witt, ant U Sanders, Masters 0 Buckley, If Berry, end W Buckley. they gave exc-dlent renderings of " The Sol lieri in the Park,' and "When ill, little pigs begin to fly.' being recalled for each eff frt. 'lnes artistes were ably act4mpanied on the piano by Mr Darby, and Dr. Reginald -fmith. The oroceed- ling concluded with the singing of' Go.l.Bave Ithe %mg. Warrington Markets At the Warrington cora market on Wednesday. New wheat fetched 3s 81 to 3s 101 (70 to the bushel) ; new oats, 24 5d to 2, 61 Flour, best seconds, per 2401 b, 19s; bran 101,1 per 20b. At the ' Provision Market pri,‘es were -as follows :—Fresh butter Is 4d and 14 51 per lb; chee6e, 61., 7d. and 81 per lb ; fresh eggs, 8 for is; fowls 4s. to 5 61. per couple ; F.nglin beef, 41 to 101; matter; 7d, to 10d; veal 71. to 10u; pork 61 to 81.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
1 HY: A " FM 'A\, FEBRUARY 15, 1901

===== 0002601_19010215_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLACE OF LITERATURE EDUCATION. Paper by the Rev. W. H. Drummond

An interesting paper on " foe Piac i of Literature in / Emeatiou " Was real be the R iv. W. H. °comma-id, of Belfast, formerly of Warrieetou, at the meeting of the Warrington Literary and Puilosophicel Society, held ia the Masonic Hall, Bold-street, on M iaday evening. The audienee inc treed a large meatier of frieuds trees Cairo- street who tied come to vrensoine their former pastor. The Rev. Morley 86evenson, the president, oscupied the chair, and remarked that they hid hoped Mr Drum nond would have occupied the presetectiel chair of the society during this session. Unfortunately that hope was dis- appointed, but if Mr. D,uxunond unwittingly defrauded thsrn in tint redpeur, he had certainly laid them under an obligation that evening in having taken a long journey at a season of the year when travelling was far from , pleasant to read them the paper no had promised. I (Hear, hear) Tile Rev W a Dattsris .ND, observed that he thought the least he could nave dean, having left the a iciety at a somewhat sheet notice and iu face of the great honour the society hid done him in asking him is be president, was to read ti them ooe ol time p trwa or the s,esion. ITne q destion of education, he said, was ever with us, and at the preseiut time in view of the possible cnaegei in our edunatiecial inaceinery there Was no question which requ red in n.,.) c Ireful and petient thought. For a long time our danger iey in the direction of a dull and satisfied conservatism, which was q mite pitiless to new needs Now we had rn ire to feet trout a spirit of im- patient re-action. luduitrialism hid invaded the public school and the university and would banish Litees in favour of the utilitus. la the modern world new steelier; had been developed wite startling rapidity. First of all science knocked at the door of the citadel of learning and claimed admission on the ground of her pre- eminence in the sphere of pure intebest and her power of supplying the highest kind of mental training. Soon' however, a note was struck of ain ire utilitarian kind. Science Was applied to industry. Ceetnistry and elec ricity, like the medical studeet's pursuit of anatomy, became practical studies. They were the necessary preliminaries to a successful career its agriculture or engineering or manufacture. The cry Was no longer for science as a nob a exercise of mind, but for technical education. The educeional cry of the moment was trainiug for cmunercial life, and the new university of Birminenain, the one institution tor higher education which had the eyes of the country upon it. In the impetus of this new movement it not only cherished educational traditions which were being parted with with a light heart. We were in danger of casting the whole scope and theory of education itself into the crucible,and of confusing useful training for a definite practical end with the development and enrich- ing of intellectual power. It was a little surprising to find a mind like that of Lord Rosebery, usually So large and steady in its grasp, beading itself with little reserve to this new gospel of educational utilitarianism. In his recent rectorial address to the students ef Glasgow hi referred to the new university of Birmingham in terms which far exceeded anything usually bestowed upon an educational experiremt. "These practical universities," he said, " are the emiversities of the future, for the average man who has to work for his livelihood can not sueeradd the learning of the dead to the educe- ional requirements of his life and his proiessiooe The traiming of our schoola and colleges must daily be come more and more the training for action, for prac• tical purpose." To the latter part of the statement all sensible men would give a hearty assent. The question was what Wag the best " training for actiod) for prac- tical purpose ;" what kind of education would develop and make available for the practical task of living the best manhood of men ; and Lord Rosebery gave u 3 little help for any real tneueh-e upon the subject by his talk of " practical theiversitiee " and " the learning of the dead." it was not without some sense of relief th it one found Principal Lodge in his "suggestions towards a commercial faculty ' making this explicit statement : "in the commercial faculty there will doubtless be students of all grades, but the highest decree should only be opened to .educated men who have taken a reasonably full course in what are generally censidered " ate " etabjects and are likewise familiar with the fundamental principles of physical science. The pre- paratory training, ie fact, should be a wide and coin- prehensive one, including a little science as well as a good deal of arts." In this " good deal of arts " literature rout take an important place, and thus " the learning of tiae dead," which aft 4r all I lay at the foundation of aall our intellectual , and social life, would still , retain its place in the education of the most moderrlmen. The primary task of education, continued the lecturer, in further reference to L ird Rosebery's speeclewas to train faculty, to elicit power, to teach men to think. And accordingly the first test to apply to any educational curriculum was not how quickly would it bring a return in smart busi- ness degterities, but was it the best available for the d ivelopmact of mind. It was thought and intellieence that we needed in an increasieg degree in every depart- ment of active lite. The various technical arts were of course necessary, every ooeupation required its special form of training; but they were liable to degenerate Into mere tricks of memory and imitative skill unless the mind had first of all been trained to think, and to use and apply thought. And, accordingly, tie tendency to hurry the cause of education into special tucenical channels and to label boys at an early age so that they might be kept to strictly " useful " subjects was one which could not be deprecated too strongly. It was the subjects which had 60 commercial use that were of the hirgancteisetael life ducarntiusinst bealvlain value, the drealtm oi hepmreinT Nitio othnfe7 p tsoliununf trainingrbi tmetj he i acenr literature er, i i ahbnt l whichag began uobyhg waal etytneni its reoal observation with rildi osemcfatoll stimulating tfltvheosheetrbectruoeeal sdisdrattyteuee meaningafrndt utaotylte involved.al utnaeolhrl Sentences eeecriosnohgfl maere onxpwwgwaalaouctr sr: at i debaroel preliminary real thinkingtai the that :tadul tii ant only litera- ture the mindoala.yyes: witwith accuracy.combination o f wletr wasds i n toanexotphreerssi,,tnhgouuagghat than our own, and if Possible a language whin could not be learned by the imitation of sounds' without any feeling for its structure. In other words a dead lao- guage, like Latin or Greek, had conspicuous advantages as mental training over those which could be learned in an easy and often inexact conversational style. To have a trained mind, quick to observe, logical in its thinking, nimble in its movements, and yes moving under striet laws of thought Was the eateway not only to the highest intellectual pleaaures of life but Also to its noblest activities. Triose were benefits which were purchase,' cheaply by some years of close language study. The companionship of greet books ought not to be regarded as the luxury of the few wiede ample time and special tastes, but as the common heritage of all educated men The taste for good reading was, however, one that must be formed early by the general literary fl weer of t ducas and the careful study of the best examples. Literature was the most human of all studies, Ne other had such class relatiens to life or bore mere directly upon the practical problems of duty and a government which all had t i lace. The modern danger did not lie in the direction ef a fastidious literary taste which refused to grapple with realities. It sprang rather from the pedau- try of ignorance, which eateemed itself wise enough to cut itself adrift from the past and depised " the learning of ells dead." The lecturer spoke of the great advan- tages to be derived from the commits sources of culture ! fie also alluded to the deterioration of language brought about he cereleas habits of speech, and said people might with great advantage spend a little of their pres- ent plethora of patrietiern upon doing honour to the Eiglish torietie. He conclu led :—More than eviencs, more Shan any other an eject of human thought except religion itself, literature encourages civic virtue aud melte' men fit to live, and it is no bad sign of the great- ness and unerthausted vitality of a n•tion if its young men can read noble literature with intelligence end admiration and above all without being tiered. , (Applause.) The PitERLDENT, in the course of a few appreciative , remarks,said he was glad to hear Mr Drummond's warn- ing with regard to the deterioration of the language, " Advertisement " hid become " ad, " and .4 approba- tion " !" appro." and if the saorteniug precess went on we would be left without any words of decent length is the leneuege. (ipplaure ) He dwe't on the lialper,al33e of the reading of pure literature by the rising generation and rioted with satisfacien an improvement in the method of dealing with the subject in elementary schools. Ne one, he said, ceuld take up an ordinary cheap maeetine or cheap newspaper such as were sold at railway bdokstalls and nlsewhare without feeling a.- once what a miserable kind of di t the people who led Cuing- selves on such integer:turd food had. , Mr CLIABLES WHITE propNied a vote of thaeks to the leCturer, and add it an improved system of e lueetion were trought to their notice it would ba the duty of the governors of the Grammar School to put it into °via- Moe. Ho tl-10 ight, however, there was no jai Allele Way of teaching vlple to think. Mr irurim nil had given them an admirable piper, and they all felt thet they had

===== 0002601_19010215_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
• suffered a great lois in the removal of Mr Drummond to Belfast. (Hear, hear.) Mr. F. MoNils seconded the vote of thanks. It the course ut his retnarke he criticised the work or those who had the cmtrol and administration of ;ducatLnal eudwrnents, and said the local grammar school trustees had not made the best t what they had had. Be could quite underrand tile d ffl:utties thoy had had to contend with in opeaing o‘at the school on the intellectual and scientifiz aim% but he h veil the time was not so far dis- tant when there would be a union between the grammar achool and the techisical sch,ol in Warrington, and that there would then be sern,-thing like a conainnesense system ot education seinen womd fit children to the work they would have to do. In these busy dais they could not educate men t da everything. They must specishzi. It they were going ,o put a marl to business and expected trim to become prdticieut in literature, ar and sconic., no would make a foil of his busimsa land everyone connove.l %virli it. They woMii find that not more tnau fire pee cent, of those woo were educated were ably to apnly it succes.fuliy i nusul-sa. A great deal had been ssid about insnutacturets not taking up science, bat if they had to deal with the Enna wh ) had t) work out tnese pr Mitt u ci n4d ,r 1 tl. olet ot the experiments tie thought they wouil the. find that it , Was not auln an essy thin-4 t) adopt selentift3 methoOS ,as some people thought. (Elem., hear.) lie was hoping ! the time was not very far distant wheal we should bet more willing Co adapc ourst9lves r newer metbsda than we had be-on in thor past. rhi, was nece,alry if we were to main-Ain our p ',idol in the orvi as intim facturers. . . .

VVo mcocit 9il hraorn.what de inarrnd to the con tention of the lecturer with ret, Junco to the teaching of Latin and Greek as a necmisity toe thorough education. He (Mir Woodcock) thouglr, eduzation nigutb thorough without •ny kno .rled.ge of Lttin and GreAt. It was cmip,r,at vely easy to tech a chil certain things but it Waa exceediugly difficult to gt that child to think. Counciilor BENssrT referred to Clan opinions of arrls and Ruskin uplo toe subj•ct under dis- cuseir.n and contende i there w a lack 01 eaul in inoA of the work of to-lay. In ref,rriag to the buildingl around them be said if the people were thoroughly educated they would not debase themselves by putting up such abortions.

Mr J it YOUNG sid th tt the compAition of the pre- sea day was so keen that it Was nen,ssary for us to specialise in every department of trad... Ir Oanaurmses pined out that it was absolutely impossible for a young boy to rec.ive a perfect elemen- tary education by the time he was 13 year+ of age. La:104414e was the head of and yet with one vole L tncamhire opposed the alteration of the age limit at which children could leave school., same of the political mountebanks thought that progress onild only be attained by taking the boy from ds b ioks and setting him to work with his hands. fle could not conceive a greater evil than that would have been if E igland had ever listened to it. England in his opinion, was 20 or 25 years be- hind the times in its educational system. There was a considerable anouat of over-lapping and a great deal of reorganisation was necestary. The raising of the age limit was also necisaary in order that th s children might be thoroughly educated. Boys ani girls aught not to be considered economical fadtors in society until they were of mature age. Mr DaI7MMOND acknowledged the vote of thanks. and r,plied to SOU], of tne cricietnnei woe tia 1 been raise I. He contended that a "I""it9 educed no instead of bin a drawback to a businass maa :vas a distinct , advantage.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

Stockton Heath v. Altrincham.

This match was play •,1 W )1.6oz:oil on Bit rday A very interesting game toot piscs, alth)agh the ground was in a very heavy coalition. Tun hornesters soon got away, and everything prstnised at th,i outset for a complete vie-,ory for them, trio Altrinchim men being entirely at sea it the rushing game the Warrington men were playing. Gibbon open the score wit a high shot atlier over running Chorlton int) the circle. followed quickly by another from the stick of B 'ad. The visitors made several good attempts, Ltr. were not siiccessful until, later on, Greenleaves scored for them. Just before half ' time Gibbon added another clever goal. In the second halt the viAitors turned the table. 61-.irel, when F Brewer, A Lambert, and B Brewer addel am kt't goals, and thereby won the match. The visito,s back division played a very round game, Chniton, Warbleou, and Bullivant especially deserving special mention. For , Stockton Beath, Picton and Wir)a+ at b must net be forgotten for tneir pluckv d-.fence. Final score r Altrinchain four goals, S.eclr.;on Ileac!) three. Altrincham "A'S v. Stockton Heath "A "?.

Played at Altrincham, on Saturday and rasulted hi a win for the home team b 7 the large score of eight goals to nil. Latchford "A" v. Timperley t. B."

The &hive matei ws olav-d. t. Latchford on a very Blft around. Timperley were handicapped throuah arriving shmt,buc secured very good subatitwes. Latch- ford had the beat of the game thro igh ,u', running out winners Isy three gotta to one. Toe oretnera Speusley and Hallows s3ored for the lulme team.

.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
. ..,,,,,,, r ..,....,„.. . ~.. . ~,. .. , . .. :.:„.,. ~„,_ v,. ~.: " . ~. ~..,.,,,, „,. ‘,„ .. , , ~ 4 c f C. -$ :e.,..5,4? ° ' . 4 .c. . il : :.5.:.., „ ,c.,.. ' , . : '' 4 d .. .. . kvb,-,„...„. agel . • .!..,,,, .„ .. „,,:: ~,,,. t't *-4,:r .:'O, ; ,:e :f:‘, ' J.) . r !,,.... " .. --.... . ' .

70ILZMICSS—so that sudden noise or any worry causes intense irritation; shaky h.a‘las or limbs; headaches, neuralgia, pains in the back; depression and weakness show

the Nerves are "Run Down."

it your Tongue far out: if it is tremulous and won't keep shape you have an early rign of Nervous Exhaustion. Paralysis begins with Shattered Nerves, so does St. Dance. Nervousness is a disease in itself and causes great suffering.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
tr. Williams' Pink Pills

for Pale People

have CURED all these things. Better PREVENT these ailments, however, by taking t.he Pills in good time. They are not only the best of all blood and strength makers, but

The best and safest Nerve Tonic ever Prescribed.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRONG MAN BREAKS DOWN.

Mr. William Leonard Ansell is a smith by trade, aged 30, and married, living at 8, Queen-street, Hemel Hempstead, Herts. To a reporter of the Hemel Hempstead Gazette, he made the following statement : In 1899 I was working in the Armstrong big gun factory at Openshaw. Manchester, but after I had been there a few months I felt a loss of nerve power, and was attacked with fainting fits. Time passed and I got no better. More than once I almost fell down at my work. My head became dizzy and my eyesight weak. But worse than that were cold perspirations. I could sit in front of a roaring fire with streams of sweat running down my face and yet feel cold the whole time. At last I had to give up work and come home, but I hadn't been in Hempstead very long before the pains returned more violently than before. So bad did I get that I couldn't sit still long enough to eat my meals. I tried doctor's medicine, and a public institution, hut felt no better. I couldn't understand what was the matter with me, though one doctor described it as nervous debility. "This state of affairs went on for several months, until I thought I had gone past recovery, when one day a friend said, 'Why don't you try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People? I believe they would do you good. "By this time I was beginning to lose faith in the medicine I had been taking, so I agreed to try a box of the pills and bought some. Before I had taken six pills I felt a change for the better. I coetinued taking them, and before I had finished the box they had purled me round splendidly. Since then I have had more, and am now in as good health as ever I was, which I believe to be due entirely to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I can honestly say they did me a world of good." Mrs. Ansell remarked in corroboration: "I shall never forget one Sunday. He turned as white as a corpse, and walked about as though he didn't know what he was doing. He used also to walk the room for hots in the night, being unable to sleep. It was a very anxious time, but now he is quite well again. We shall never be able to say too much for what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have done for us." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have cured innumerable case of various forms of nervous dis- orders, including Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, St. Vitus Dance, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia, and Early Decay; also all diseases arising from impoverishment of the blood, such as Scrofula, Rickets. Erysipelas, Consumption, Anxmia, Pale and Sallow Complexion, General Muscular Weakness, Lose of Appetite, Palpitations, Pains in the Back, and all forms of female weakness

===== 0002601_19010215_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A Tonic, not a Purgative,

THE LOCAL LIGHT RAIL- WAY SCHEME.

Determined Opposition at Stockton

Heath. Meeting of Ratepayers.

the National School., Stockton Heath, were well filled on Tuesday evening with ratepayers who bad been called together to consiuer the Warrington arid Nr,rth- wicti light railway acherne and to adopt a resolution thereon. Mr Idclutyre was voted to the chair, and there were also preaent the Rev U V Pigot and Messrs J Clarke, J Pemberton J Whitley, El J Westbro-k, Isherwood, J A McGregor, E England, W Greenticu4e, J Fletcher, W Skelton, turd A J

The Chairman explained that both Mr Mason (the I chairman ot the Perish Councd) and Mr Pearson were unable to lee present. The que.stion of the light railway had been thoroughly threshed out in the Parish Council, but it was considered that before coming to any definite decision in the matter it was desirable and necessary that the ratepayers should be consulted in regard to the settlement ot terms. The objections of the Parish Council to the scheme were being forwarded to the bight Rail- way Commissioners, the agents of the promoters, the Cheshire County Council and the Rural District Council. They were as follows :—(1) That the roads in the parisn are too narrowiand no power is asked for in the order to purchase property l for purpose of widening to width required ; (2) that the railway proposed is apparently ! no intended as a light rad gray, inasmuch as the pro. motets seek to carry 14 tons on One pair of wheels; (3) that the railway will be a source of danger to the public, and especially to school children whose 140001 is situated on the side of the road proposed to be used by the rail- way ; (4) that the railway will depreciate the value ot property in the pariah 15) that no provision is made in the Order for lighting ol roads or vehicles or providing electric light arid power to S:ockton Heath ; (6) :hat the Parish Couucil will have no control over the railway in the parish, and that no op'doia is given to the Psrish Council to purchase the undertaking; ,7) that the rate of speed proposed by the Order is exceaciive ; (8) that the tares and rates proposed are excessive and that no pro- vision is made for loading or unloading of goods or passengers. These obj-ctions, the chairman pointed out. awaited the confirmation or the ratepayers. The cpeetien was one which affected every ind,vidual Li the parish), aud the desire of the Cotrucil was that it 'Mould be freely discussed.

Mr. Clot ka said he preferred se) call tho s. Warringtin and Northwich Light Railway " wrist it was. ineretore in the course of his remarks he would drop the word light, aud call it what it was. • railway. Alter describ- ing the route of the tiropo..e I railway. no sail the gauge for it was four lett eigh,-and-a-oalf inches, the same gauge as on all the main railway lines in the kingdom. It could be altered only by the emsent of the Board of Trade. The local authority would not be asked lor its opinion in the matter. The m.itive power it was said should be electricity or such other motive power as the Board oh Trade might approve. It the promoters told the Board ot Trade that electricity was too expensive and the Board raid . they could u,e steam engines the local authority could not raise a finer agaioet them. The promoters of the Bill proposed to widen the road at the Mulberry Tree Inn by taking some of the property opposite. Tue awful corner there would still be in exist- ence. Ili the few small instances where they desired to ! purchase Property they asked to do so compulsorily. they asked for five years in which to complete the rails way. The Parise Council maintained that thee was excessive. It the railway was to come, three years was 'a sefficient time. The Warrington Corporation under- -1 ! took to have tramways tor the whole of Warrington in , two years. Toe promoters of this railway asked for pewee to lay lines wherever they thought proper. !ley c mid lay them in the centre cet the aide oh the road, wheiever they thought proper. Tile. PatieliC mactl c in- sideiel that they should say waere toe lintel sitiould be laid. ['here were te be a numbst of level crossinee, Level crossings should hot be showed hi this pert of the I country. They had ha 1 a very btter experience in War- -1 iineeton. It was not proposed to have either signals or lights, or even pees in some places. It was optional whether gates should be provated or not. No time was fixed 84 to how bog the gates when used should be knit to the road. They asked tor power to car. y inerchatidive to the extent of 28 tons in one waggon. One clause read teat they should not run traTia on the railway at 4 sped exoeed- ing at soy time 25 irides an hour. If tney got that power they would certainly not the at a less speed. In certain Cases where tts-r, was an actr.e. curve th. spee I was redueed te tee miles. They asked for power to 410 with the Warriogton Corporation to carry into Warming-on trefli of all trines. Tney j useS with the Cheshire Ines ltsilWaT, but that principally referred to the N 4•111 t-nd fhe pasaeuger fares were. First class 31 per mile, sec rid class 21. and tturd Class Id It provieed however, that there mole! he no les, charge th.n 31, so toot 31 coaid he charged for an./ &stance within the three miles, Tne rate should be al4 per mile. which Nsil unignSil c:isrge. Tnife was a el,sei-e wheel &lowed the local aUtliority to pu cease ta 30 yi are. Tee P arise Cuutici disagreed wits' that. It wes alt.° stated mbt the railway eti old be purchase d as a eeine concerti. They also dieegre 4 with ,th. sc. Tnere were ho slie ter 4or waiting rooms, ne pr )Vi lOfl for mations, biding er unloading. Tot-re wes no ltrni as to the titl.tnty.r of earriages or CrilO is ori.any train• Thee might combine goods and paeseneer trains. Tory did not inten.l light the road. en.l Oil not say they WNI-I'd 11,4 hr, the venieles. F nt-sitistely trio krilti Coun- cil could make them de !hat. Wl' wee the Promo Ifs or tele st,h !Inn pL se:sr thee hsd the name of a getiticualn residing ii S eithpor• 'lOl3 Cline they had in aoditiou the well.knowe fl-m of B uneer Mosul aed Colo- PenY• Tney We.. Vert? 46, .rthy d tie 4/Ikl halorin doubt joined thie seeeme trilukitie it he an a.ivenetge to thi-rn All knew wii at e 41:M1L.% divid4md sy paid, and re, I. p roe.v tiovei to get an q 1.1 div:d.,n.l cut .f this concern ,ir teey iule stet he prep ir tl to put their money into it. It they could have hoes from Northwich

===== 0002601_19010215_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
They give Strength.

ot the Ship Canal all their chemicals would be brought sic rig the main road through Stockton Heath. This scheme was not brought forward because it had been asked for by the people of Cheshire. They learned by accident that one gentleman in Cheshire was connected with it. His name, however, was not mentioned in the Order. The scheme was brought forward for the tnmefit of speculators. If they got the Order they would put it into the market and they asked for £lBO.OOO capital. He (Mr Clarke) had failed to find in the Act a single raerei ce which gave promoters powers to lay a railway along the main roads. The Act was a five years Act and neap el this year. The promoters wished to rush the scheme through before the Act ceased. He (Mr Clarke) did not think the Act would be repeated on the Caine lines. Mr Scotter had to!.1 rlain that a light railway was a combination of a tramway and an ordinarY railway. This was howe.er, an ordinary railway. Wnen asked how it was going to lam made to pay he said they expected the greater portion of pr,- fits from the luggage traffic. The railway would be a danger to the lives ard property of the ratepayers It would be a nuisance and an annoyance. Stockton Heath was a residential viilave. and the railway would s.ubaly interfere with its proap,.!CtS. He moved,"That this meeting of the ratepayers of Stockton Heath herby approves ot th, action of the Parish Council in opposing. toe Order for the proposed Warrington and NorhwLh Light Railway, and empowers the sail Council to em- ploy counsel to appear on their behalf at the public inqriry to oppose tne granting ot toe said Order." Mr. Soackleton seconded. is ace over to Mr Isherwood. gr. ;larke said the Rural Dist le Gnarled had unani- mously decided to oppose the Odor. Mr. Isherwood thooght the opts initim might lo?, Safaly lett wito the District Cmocit at the inq dry. The Parish Council might later on decide wheth,.r it was necessary Ito employ counrel. He suggested the addition to tile tea dution of the words "if necessary."

The_Chairman said there would t;e.no objeztioo..

air Clark observed that they had oily a formight's notice of the inquiry, and no chance should be thrown away. The ewoense would not be much. Mr. Eugland said it seemed to him that the railway might b• made the means of improvinz the district. Sime of the objection% hroeght forwaid by Mr Clark lid not apply to Stockton Heath. He was not at all in fav ut of the railway being allowed to run on'the main road past the Nati mat Schools. Tony could not accept the light railway iii its present form but ho thought an aereement might be come to on th • poin's at issue. If Stockton H.a.th °posed it " to.th and nail " they were adopting a " dog in the manger policy "and their op- position would amount to very little. They we-old be practically ignored. If they could come to some rangement they would ultimately 00 better off, Mr Westbrook thought toes* ought to distinguish bet en a light railway. such as Waa now propoired and a tramway. The proposed scheme was not a tramway but a very Is •sary railway on a road. (Heat, hear). Why shots d they givs up a portio of the highway in favour of a band of company speculator. It would be diffe,eut thin.. if the Cheatiin County Council. tie Runcorn Rural 'District C mncil or even the Stockton Heath Parish Council were going to have a light railway with all its da si and aniviyances because the rate- payers were going to finger the revenue. But here they had a band of speculatora attempting to appropriate a portion of th • main roads for their ovn purpuses. A. regarded tramways, if they at Stockton Heath would only wait long enough they were sure to haVo Nein from Warriegzoa or provided by themselves. This light rail- way scheme might. to be blocked. They did not want their main streets used for ths •purposes of an ordinary railway. Moreover it was not fair to the other railway c•insoanies. Those comoanie4 had en pay thousands and thousand, of pound a mile to run thsir lines, but here ia the scheme proposed it was intended to make situ of the highway for a railway track. ITees if they were gring to have the overhflad trolley wires they would be a c instant source of danger. Since tie pr,m oters hal veiled for cornousoty powers he un- der•t 'oil that many who were previously in favour of the railway were now oppeaed to it. He considered that they nus,ht to loafer upon the main road th-ough Stock- ton Heath bsing 60 ft wide al was toe case on the War- ring on side- Tney ought no; to be led away by the statement that railways improved districts for he koew of c +sea where property had decreased in va'us in cons. - qu-nne of electric cars passing the do u. Trey were elwaya open to recsive tramways, but not a railway of this character.

Mr Pemberton said that a tt reit many people were under the impression th.t they were agaicet tramways, but the reverse was the case. The Pariah C =lc I had met the Warriogion Corporation on the point and stated their terms. Re was under the impreasion th.t the Oniporstion was hel wing the Light Railway becaute they wished to pu: .the Parish ()tweed in a corner. El • believed the rYarri•itttou Cwooratitin nad an agreement with thi. Light R iiv•y prmveri to bay the line in the event ot ic htam4 granted. roere wat not a single authority aff C cit)7 the Light Railway which was in f svour of tura scheme as now prop iced. The promoters would be atde to rusk. level croswogs wh-qo they wished. lie did not beliivo in leaving na attera to the Blard ni Tat.. They had a r,•.ideitti .1 district at B.ookton Heath and thei: interests d frw,d sooalselia: frhui those in the other districts off a:t-d by the [hire Wag jU•t, a pos•M Ii y coat the scheme would pact Ili so ne iorm and if that di I happen ttisv t O3Ve CIUOS.4 who would °b rain the best Ler na pos.inte. Me ••Ci•egot pointed nu': the imp irtance ef the sub. j•c•., and .ii Stockton Eleath WAS the 00:y to. d otial urlgho,)udr.,ol through whhh it was proposed to r..pl the railway. Toeir wit -rests were ct i ientical with the a :ricultural d sric aid i wit,. re *sorry that they should be rept Snot at the ing or'. I at been stated that there w 3 p It's? of •4t tie tOt b• jog !ittiti••,l inti a iz Is y aid to,r ci,,t r 1,4 t• weiv In co h, at i wa. t-sse tl that, they- s' 0 ill 33 .ry pert calar shut tie coma.

Tn.' 1...4 cu 1,, 1)601; plt to tn•.! tn,,, ring, wei e Ltrted Til C 4air Arr • 4,.,vicn inviog b-en akQ)wieiged, tbe meeting ter:nir.::.t.:.l.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Bold-street Wesleyan Church. The Rev T Bishop conducted the services at the above place of worseip on Sunday morning when there was 11 gomicd ni tceorng was reg atthree n .R eAvt e ft Ge n3;bnegr tsse.r v iweeh ot hpe roeffia aedt ago young men, his subject being " A tempting offer—s wise choice," The soloist was Mrs Binkes' of Fleet. wood, whose interpretation of " Load, kindly Light " was much appreciated. The anthem "Lift up you/ heads " was rendered by the choir, Mr Frank Rieke:rah peericling at the organ. St James' Church Latchford— Parochial Tea and Entertainment. Complete success attended this annual Event which took place in tits ecnoolroom on M inlay evening. About 250,pariseioners sat down to tea,the following ladies pre* siding at the tabeis :—Mesdames Pjwell, Millereod, Staustield, Renyoe, Morris, J B Woad, Hutchinson Gdosou, D CKS >a, B Aon,Bowcoek, George Boweockeand Chester ; and the Misses Parry, Norbury, Burgess and ! fonee.—Before the entertain:ea:at was proceeded with the Vicar delivered a short speech. Fle remarked that thsir progress at 8; JAlntte was to novrhat slow, but he ! hoped it was as sure as it was slow, He was firmly convinced, however, that although it might not be est rapid as ineay of them especially himself, desired, actual progress was being made. Ihere were many things to prevent rapid progress at Sc 111:133', but the difficultiel were being gradually overcome,and he believed it would not he long before they would Rod parishioners and members of the cougreeation realising their responsibili. ties and seeking more a spirit of cohesion and unity, all working together for One c ortenon eild, namely the well- being et St James' in that ptrt of Latchford. He, at any rate, could not be psrs itially aatised until rel iS connectiea with them however iemete that oectasion might be, were really putting their heart and soul int' the work of the pariah. (Applause.) There was no reason why they should Toot pull tieether and go for. ward, cud if only the many would f Mow the worthy example or the few there semi I nor, be much to coin. plaits et. They had tom aerter ,ole workers, and hi could not thank tbein sefficience for tie loyalty and enthusiasm they ahowed,but they were few in proportion to the many whoenight come forward and do something. Ater having cordially thanked all the w irkers, the Vicar drew Atteution to tee «Avant of Mr Taylor ince 'heir midat. ide was, he said, sure that as a parish they would heartily we,come him, and that the more .they knew of him tht more tree, would like and respect him. Hi had already hem highly spoken of.. (Applause.) Tee other matter to wit eh he wished to allude was the building of the Mission room. It had bee° long ta kod &how, but the w ek was now about to commeece. 0. tnat day wesk the contractor would put his sp ad e into the ground and commence the founda. tions. (Applause.) They stilt waned money, for when they haa paid the contractor they- cystoid liod the balance at the batik yeeed be againi; taodo iustsad of, as it was at present, in tnelr favour. They would want another £l5O, and he hoped it would be forthcoming directly the usefulness of the building was assured. It would, when eniseed, be for the writ b.da4 01 the parish, and and he hoped the p arishioners woa.d take are active inter. eat in it cud make it of serviceable systlm! to all of them. (lpel:wee). An attractive proereinms was submitted, me first item being 4 song, " Jeter Bull's Letter Bag," contributed by Mr W Woods Mrs Amin felewed with " Lang ago in Alaska," of wide an efteetiva interprets. • thin was giv.!ri ; Mias Derotily rail:ova was unable to meg owing to • cold, but an able eueseaute was found in toe persen of Miss Alice &were w io played a solo on the purse arid was heartily eacoriel Special praise is due tor Miss fieynolds'epupils, Who appeared several time, dosing toe eveciierg and gave fancy dances, but each thine with such SUCCeSS L.at .1 hearty encore was the result. Mr. Warburton sang " Feeelandy Mau," and Miss Eakeneey, hau the honour of a mesh for her sweet rende,riug of" the Mellow ALEUM l'id&" The humor. ous elemmt was is bends of Mr Ntflinin Jackson, the wee-kuown Liver° sot raeost, ur aud Democrat, who ii very popular in Warringtou. His sketches created a deal oh mirth and he was cue eel again and again. His short at •ri..s were particularly go .1. rue sac dod part of the program:us was •ustained by Miss It iynoides Pupils. Mr Whiteao .se, Mrs Atkin, Me WArourtoo acid lffrJsct son. Miss E :aerate?. in resp onse to a recall ftc see ()leering of tem slog 'Tie di/7El'l)7n" it oat:ibis ts " svir's Old S *est S mg." MCFCSkEsocitprevad hi_a sell an rad:Seat accorupauisc. the performers were warmly thanked ler their cervices on the motion of lelre Millwood, secon Jed hy Mr dansfield.

• -117

' 7 '

===== 0002601_19010215_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MODERN MAXIMi-FOR EVERY-DAY LIFE.,

:at • d Lugeromi ; avoid them. tVall'd L'Jug LILCCed IS Ulf-1r cerGata jute.

--- o,mghs aunt never be neglected. Ltvan's Lug L.uctui te.uove. tae,a.

-- F)r all Viroat. cli;ft, 1 0 a:3g Lioctu. la a vutenlid retuedy.

Yu dor.% want to di o ye. ; Wnat, y u've cold, Liag, Linctuc

---- D) not dspir ; La ci.' I4isLLnui ttld b dst cura Lr C Colds,

Ltvaied Lung Linctus mai bt tad Ac Cuelnis.!.., U:Lig

- - The propricte:3 sou 4 a b Pot tree, aJ rtely ptckt,i, tor

_ Llvan'sLu g Linctus. 11.111,d., 2.. 9t. and 4,. :_olte,ko ~.j co Uue.thst , /Samoa.

For all tttro+t, cher, lnd air cC.oas. Like Lavale., Lang L.actud.

•

,

oLbe "0-;aminer " .ttritg.

T" .. WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE 1 SMOLDER.- pubtished every Saturday morning. T" .. EARLItSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "Sr. Ritrants EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. THE " RUNCORN EXAMIITER," publiDtPd every Friday morning. T" " I'"IDNEe EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Is 27 36 45 54

nomestir ginttants, ttr.

ANCTheEDt ,r_iStrtrzagßiGrilteßnte—sragranzAD ARMS, 146, IVANIBD, SHAVANT abte to wash,—apply urraw.te, 71, High-street, Golborne.

_ • AVAND. 4110., about lb, to assist generally ; another servant kept.—Apply 1, MORLEY-ROAD, Southport.

re- IV quil.rd. g . erp‘tplGy BBNußciclt i Esaliuß bArNa Neat eV.l;ingcaen . WANTSII:I thorough GliriliataL for family of five; wages 76 6d per week.-136, 14ASTBOURNE-BOLD. Birkdale.

NVA NooTmßrpodfbi:ticOre R2AwLEirleNeairnowra-AmviElYN'unEnirvekt-pe kept;

IiANTBD, respeetsble GIRL. 18 to 20, for housemaid F Y duties; wages £14.-8, MohisnsuTos-uoeD,Southport. AXTANTBD, a respectable GIRL, 15 or TO, for house work VV —Apply Mrs repshoes, The Limes, Marple, Cheshire

===== 0002601_19010215_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
a lit 7011114,' elMliftor.W '

WOUL

_ _,.., .... ..r-up-1310.1W-CD-17.- -, D Iro e,,, 114 AN' E or) SOFT VELVETY ti 46. ~4 i-. r C iV:0! ) ) Men use ~ z 1 . _Ler," ' kvilii .1. ' afr • ..., • ,r., .0).-.- entlrely ~'` renleve e 11(ILIGITirr.,G,C,41 Vl-Pc , . r 4-- TAN, iRiIITATIGN, etc.; Bottles ° very s'3l..` ti!ne• k. M.BEETHAM I‹,. F;CI ' 6(1..,15., and 25.6. CHE I, TEN'.,-I.A] , t 'Xia,:i.ll-Mical-M-Q3-Cre4llD-PaZ2r.C-11:..' ..:..- -.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD, at once Good COOK GENERAL. Good Wages. Boy kept.—For Country,64,Bn)A.D-Errau-nr,Woreeeter. . _

WANTBD, trustworthy GBNARAL ; wages £l6 ; wash- ing put out.-13 DOVER-110AD, Birkdale, Southport.

ANTED, GIiIIERAL, re'leble. small family, part wash- ing —Uev. W. L. Incrom, 49 Chapel-street, Hyde

WASTED respectable GENIVIAL 18 to 24.-31, lin, BERRY-AVENUE, West Uerby-road, Tueorook. Liver- pool.

WAN IND. eXperiebced COOK-GBNISEAL Good V V references regaired.—Alr3 FBANCE. Bellingham-terrace Wigan. WANTBD Good GENHSAL. plain cooking and washing Two in family —Apply kIVERSLHIGH, Bold-street, Fleetwood.

WANTED, ,oung MlNERAL:Protestant —At once. with references. 17. KH.NMABE-ROAD, bmith:loWll-TOad, Liverpool.

ANTIID OBABRA,L, 20-25. able to with; smalUfamliy. —Apply Mrs. riMINGToI'(.2S, Marretreet,Harpurhey. Manchester.

_ —VANTED, at once, HOUSEMAID Waitress (Protestant), %-- V state age wage &e.—Apply by letter, Mrs. WADDELL, Heathville, Sale. israo4

117 ANTED. respectable GIRL to do housework ; country y preferred ; refesences requlre4.-10,Cituacznavnin B. Egremont. Cheshire.

WANT OD ftt once, (11111., about 13 or 14. moatly for corn. panion.—Arply by Letter, M. HANBEN. 230. Valls- , hall-road, Liverpool.

V AN,TvEol.;,:ood uirri3hrtigp oiltlaTog Zel3lttaLli,rfsraotnaßlubireoluBg.; stre,et. Ormskirk. WANTED, GIMIBRAL, Protestant good character for smsll farnily.—Apply Mrs. HANNAY, 18. Walton "Park. Walton, Liverpool. GBABRAL for Manchester suburbs : libera VT wages for suitable person.—Address. J.W., 34, Church-street, Mart el, est r.

WANTED, good GENESI', SERVANT; small family - good wages ; comfortable bonee.—Apply W.. 32 BAST BNXSTBET Sout hport

• MrT%l:ll, strong OI3L, for housework: 16 to 18; no children ; 145 mon th ; reference.-122, HOLTON • STREET, Trafford-road, Salford . AGOOD Way to g 4 a nice Town or Country SERVANT, call or write to Wes HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester, Established 1862.

I. „-- ---- ---- --- - - ADII 9 in waist of good GlOilitALS and HOU'IT4- IA MAID i apply Select Registry. Mrs. STANWOATEC, Station-road, Oaken Oates. Shropshire. - NVADITIM 000K-GliNBll4.l, ; assistance given; good salary and home to suitable person.-3), WILITELOW- ROAD, Choriton-cum-Hardy, Manchester. ___---------

I-

WANTED GENERALS and GIRLS, best places, excel- lent wages. Call or write to HUM HARRISON, 6, Old- haradstreet, Manchester, Established 1862 QOUTHPORT.— WANTE D, GENERAL SERVANT, Pro- testant, in private family; housemaid kept.—Apply Mrs. MEEK, 26. Scatisbricic New-road, Southport.

WANTED. MINERAL for two in family in Warrington no washing. £l7, good home another meld kept MM. 6. rio JoxFs. 4. Bank-street, Warrington.

WANIED. LAUNDRESS. lmrred:ately ; comfortable home; wages £2O; young woman preferred.—Apply ra HUMPHREY 'A HITTLE, Yan ow House, Chorley.

WANTED strong GENERAL, for Publlc-house. Fond of children, good wages to suitable person.—Apply 20, BOVVDLRY-STSEET. Oft Great klowar2-street, Liverpool. ANTED COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS WAITRESSES, for Manchester, excellent wages, Gail .or write to Miss LTAREisox 6, Oldham-street. Idacobester, Established 1862.

14% •

Xi( ISTRESSIN wpnting SREIVA.NTS, an Servants with 111 Reference wanting Situations.—apply Mao PRESTON, Progressive Sevante Agency, 44 Chartee-atreet, Blackpool, or 14. 801 l place Liverpool. Bnclocie stamp.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
VAanteb.

WANTRD. good steady TEAMSMAN.—AppIy .t. iiTUBBS, Park Farm, Orrell, near Seaforth.

-- TARIMSMAKING, WAN 'BD good SKIRTHAND.—J. ATMNSoN, 7. 11 and 13. Bridge-street, Warrington.

DRESSMAKING—Wanted. two aporentices; also improver for ekirts,..at miee."—Apply L. Hualms,lsl,linutetold. road, Warr'ngton.

:41

' WANTiSD, YOUNG MAN, good wages; regular work no experience.—For reply enclose stamp.—PENDLE- BURT, Patentee, Wentworth, Bolton. -- -- CHEIST Church Boys' School, Waterloo, Liverpool Wanted March let a trained eertifilated MISTRESS Standard 11., wood salarv.—Appl MASTER

WANTBD. MAC HINI:31: one able to make trousers and vests, also a boy as a& &potent 00 to Tailoring,— Apply B. A. Joaks Priestle -street Warrin ton

_ 'tftJANDD BNERkillitC COAL OANVAFriIia, reference' requirtd. saletry and Commission, or Commission Only.—Apply Box 8., laxaminer " Office Warrington. earlier £2

WAR kIRDAL4 WANTRO dated 1848, or _ given ; aleo Fenian Raid, Arctic Red River, Firker, Athara,Maahona, Matabele, 82.—MAJOR TOMBS, Droltwich,

WANTED a STBADY YOUNG ll&O.3 for farm work, accustomed to ploughing ; to live in as one of family. —Apply WM. HEATON, bLaw ilace rearm. Heath Charneek Near (Morley. .LLOr

, YV ...ricket, Bowling and Tennis —I Club, WANT 4ROUNDSMAN for season 1901. Applications, staling wage. required, to be sent to 1-I it HINDLEY, 66, Mercer-street. or J A GALLOWAY. 44, Rydal- street, Wergrave-Toad, on or before February 27th.

A PPOINTMENTS for Male and Female CLERKS, Liver- pool and Manchester Pest Offices (15-18), Customs (18- 21). Excite (19-22), Boy Copyists (15-18). Regular Exams. Rapid Correepoudence or Class, Preparation. Nominal feet. Recent Successes include First Place (three times), Seennd, Third, Ac, Particulars tree.—Jome LYNAM, F S. Sc., 25, Argyle-street, Birkenhead.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A. SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPR MAMMOTH POSTERS. FO MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKIRQ MA viMuTH POSTEnS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Prod aced in ~he Country, MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTiI POSTERS.

A S CIALITY.

EXAMINER" OFFICE',

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE NO. '0489.

PROGRAMMES FO ft SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. ROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c. " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET

fottl, f?pbral, Zoartlinq (tab.

o!otits, ZuntecZerS, tit.

CHTP and PHIBD FISH SHOP for sic £l2. or best offer by immediate purchaser. good reasons for leaving. very cheap.-181, WEE&TLAND-LANE zeacornbe. Cheshire.

eprlts,

CTCLES. —2s 6d weekly. £l2 12s. Sample. Clincher tyres. delivered £6 6s. Agents wanted. —DEREHAM-ROAD CYCLE CO., Norwich.

Ong poultrp, &r.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Qt ucatton.

gt ale bp Vrib Ite Ertatp

PHEASANTS for Aviary or turning down, hatched 1900, aviary reared.—Baaroa, Walton, Bridgwater.

DENNY GOODS. SMALLWARKS, TOY. Get all W- I. gather at BENOLIEL.B, 43, Swan-street. Manchester.

111 OD' S WAY OF SALVATION, Boomet cent Free, ley W. ‘...A C. RAMSDEN, 157, Duckworth-street, Darwen, send at once.

A LL Sufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved, particu- -111. lars free.—Address HIGSON. Box 278, fforth-atreet, Nottingham,

cnCABCI4 BOORS, Photograpba,Bm. Catalogue with samples k. 7 is, ; sealed lettered post, 20.—G. ARTHUR, 6 Rue l'Ecluse, Paris.

rEIO be Sold a goo t WAICH DOG, would suit a farmer; J. breed, mastiff and a Bernard.-3a, GEORGE-STREET, Birkenhead.

LIGE Sale two bleak wavy RETRIEVER DOGS. Ave .12 moeths, ICA and C FRANOE-HAYHURST, Daveubam Reetory, Northwich. 'AAMBICEEPER'S RABBIT NETS made from 4-fold Duper ki flax, 50 yards, 10a. Plaited Cords.—Joassuies NET WAREHOUSE, 38, Corporation-street Blanchester.

'VIOLIN labelled Antordus Stradivarius, &e., bow, ease' V 27s 6d. worth £4. Cash returned if not approved.— Mrs. HULBERT, 357, Broekley-road, S.H.

r 1 io BB SOLD by Private Treaty, Valuable Property and 1 building land in Crow-lane, Newton-le-Willows.— Addresiii G. S.. MUMMER OFFICz. Warrington.

lANARIES.—Rish Yellow and Variegated long YORK- V SHIRE COCKS ; splendid winters ; 3s 6d each, two for 68.—HaRDY, 4, Allestree-road, Fulham, London.

CIGARIITIBS. —Handmade, extraordinary value, 100 el:Lulea Virginia, Turkish. or Russian, 2s post free.— COLONIAL CIGAREITE Co., 19, Newgatirstreet, London.

SWOED-BAYONSTS, Brass Handles, and Scabbards, as used in Franco-Prussian War, Is each ; quantities cheAper,-11. BOWERS, John Bright-street, Birmingham.

-I\TEEVOUS WEAKNESS, loss 0 vital power cured per- il rnanently, valuable perseription, le P. 0., worth £5 to sufferers.—W. RAYMOND, 2, East Hill, Ashford, Kent.

S. HOW TO ENSURIi lI63LTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps.—Address ThLessrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square. Larnsbury, London, N.

Ontertaintas,

aCo It /at.

TO MIT good ROUSH in Derby-street, rent 4. Bd.—Apply 1 WoON and So N, Solicitors, Horeemarket-street Warrington.

TO Let—LARGE ROOM, Orford-street; rent M I Apply WOODB & Sox, solicitors, liorsemarket-street, Warrington.

13, REMISESI suitable for WORICS7—HOPS, Orford-street.— Apply WooDe & Sox, Solicitors, Horaetnarket-s treat Warrington.

TO LET. good HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.— _lt Apply WOODB AND SoN, Solicitors, kiorsemsrket street, W arrington.

Hop AND DWELLING suit Milliner, Butcher. Grccer, Ac• • convenient cellar ; 65, Beweey-steeet, Warrington. —Apply 'SICELLAND, 63

===== 0002601_19010215_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT CLEARANCB SALE AT

PIT TS' S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch).

ALSO AT

PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchestsr Central Station). THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISHERS. PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY. IX GRANDEST DISPLAY IN ENGLAND. OVER 300 FEET OF SHOW WINDOWS. THIRTY THOUSAND POUND SRLECnON.

PITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNI- TURR. at 154, 221 284. 38i 50, 75, 100, 200, up to I,COO guineas represent a ULHAR SAVING Ott 50 riot CENT as compared with others. Full particulars mut ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, poet free. Cash piices only quoted. I :erred payments arranged.

DINING ROOM FUtlNlTUßE.—Tasteful suite in Utrecht Velvet, £8 Bs, cost double Another. elab- orately carved covered in Lister's Velvet, cost £2). for £lO 10s. Genuine Oak Suite, profusely carved. cost £24, for Ell lii. Walnut Suite in rich Oriental Saddlebags, cost £25, for £l2 12s A moat ornate Suite in Walnut and real Leather, cost £27. for £l4 14s. Brown odr Suite, In Sadllebags and Velvet, cost £3O, for £l5. Spoonback Suite, in Maroon Skins, cost £3O, for £l5 15e. Grand Suite, lliaogany and Morocco, cost £3, for £lB 18s. Another, Walnut, £l9. Batty -Side- board for £3 bs, larger one £4 15s. Beal Walnut Sideboard, chastely carved Panels. numerous bevelled plates, cost £l2, for £6 6s Another flue and bold, £8 Bs. Real beauty, in Genuine Walnut, handsomely carved, £9 10s. Massive lofty Sideboard, in Mahogany, cost £25, for £l2 12s. Grand V‘ al- nut Sideboard, cost £3O, for £l4 14s. Magn,ficent Oak Side- board, tit for a mansion, cost £4O, for £.9 19s. Several others up to £5O each. Dining-table substantial white top, 27s ed. Heal Oak Dining-table, cost £5, for £2 15s.

DRAWING-ROOM FURNITIIIIE.—CIenrAt Velvet Suite, cost £l6, for £7 105. Artistic Suite in rich covering, cost £lB, for £9 91. Very effective inlaid Suite, cost £2O for £lO 10a Beautiful Inlali Bose wood Suit in Silk cost £22, for £ll Ils. Ituquisitely-carved Dark Mahogany Suite. cost £27, for £l4 14s Graceful Walnut Suite, really beautifully finished, coat £3O, for £lB 16s. Lovely Suite, cost £35, for £lB. Cabinet, tasteful tiesign. cost £3, for £3 10s. Another larger, £4 15s. Chippendale Cabinet, numerous mirrors, carved brackets, gm.. cost, £l2, £6 6s. Inlaid Rosewood Cabinet. cost £. for £8 Bs. Chippendale, Dark Mahogany, cost £2O, for £ 0 10s. French style, very choioe, £25, for £l3 13 Ov, rmantel, neat design £2 10s ; more elaborate, £3 105 coat double. Walnut Overmantel, very nicely lantshed, cost £lO, for £1 15s. Genuine Oak, chant/sly carved, cost £l5. for £5 10s.

11QEDROOM FURNITURE.—WaInut Suite, All LI requisite articles, isost £l6, for £8 Bs. Another, cost £lB, for £lO 10s. Satin Walnut suite. cost £2O. for £ll Ils, Malatgany S ite, consists or roomy wardrobe, with bevelled plate-glass door, dressing chest, with bevelled swing mirror. jewel boxes, washstand. with marble slab, tile sack, with revelled plate over, pedestal rail, and two chairs ; cost £24, for £l2 12s, Handsome Ash Suite. cost £3O. tor £ts. beautiful Walnut Suite, cost £35. for £l7 17s. Magnificent Italian Walnut Suite. cost £4O for £22 10s. Noble tditin Walnut Suite, cost £5O, for £27 10s. Extremely Ornate Walnut Suite, profusely carved panels, fine eesign, and rare workmanship, cost £6O. for £3f. Richly—figured swinish Mahogany Suite, cost £7O, for £66. Grand Dark Mahogany Chippendale Suite, cost £9O, for £45. Scores of others.

PITTS'S CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, PIANOS CYCLES, BASSINETTES, frML CART, LAMPS CHINA. LILA-S, BAUTHEN WARR. Magnificent Selec tions. Astounding Value.

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER LONDON-ROAD (Ardwi,ik and Longaignt Cara) ; HAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass the door). Ea tabliebed 1846. National Telephone, 1,124 BUSINESS HOURS 8 to 7. SAT URDAYS, ho 9.

11115.—0 n See. three hives of Bees.—Apply T. TItoMP- I) SON, High-ste.et, Norley, Cheshire.

OCK•UP SHOP TO LET Padgate, at Butcher, Groce Li ,Sce., rent 4s per week clean—Apply. jOBEPIX 8 tlAn LAND. Bridge-street Warrington

TO LIT. S fABLII and COACH-HMIS% with lofts over .1 large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply W DODS & Sod', Solicitors, 55, Horgesnarket-street, Warrington-

Doivr COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH—USE There is absolutely no remedy so Speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate. ry- IVEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, K EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one eating's Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. I Sold everywhere in tins 13ic1, each o, free on receipt of I •tamps, froze THU/tineKHATINO, Chemlat, Lo n

BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST

E MBRO CATION EMBROCATION EMBROCATION EMBROCATION EMBROCATION E MB ROCATION OF OF OF OF OF OF THE THE THE [lll3 THE THE AGE AGE AGE AGE AGE AGE Is Is Is Is Is

GRAITON'S GRATTON'S GRA TTON'S GRAT TON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR

RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM. RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM SPRAINS SPRAINS sA SRA SPRAINS P SPRAINS BRUISES BRUisES BRUISES BRUISES BRUISES BRUISES COLDS if VOWS COLDS COLDS COLDS COLDS

STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF • JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STI P F JOINTS SORE THROAT SOR& THROAT SORE THROAT SORE IHROAT SORE THROAT SORE THROAT CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, .FRID vY, FEBRUARY l5, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
iflarlimerg, etc.

A BOUT 50 good WOOD-WORKING NIAOHINHS, all A kinds ; low prices.—Gruckswoon'e, 48, Molesworth. street, Rochdale.

R. CLAMP & SON,

MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS.

CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, - I AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

Aiontp.

£150,000 titoirTma sk per cent.to be Advanced on gge or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowere,in any part of the country .—J. W. READER, 6, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 6182.

V.XOULDIN G'S CR ILDRE N'S

===== 0002601_19010215_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
USED BY ALL THE LEAD- ING FOOTBALL CLUBS.

CURES SPRAINS. CURES BRUISES. CURES STIFF JOINTS. CURES CRAMP. CURES COLD ON THE

CHEST. CURES RHEUMATISM. CURES SORE THROAT.

The following testimonials speak for themselves :

ASTON VILLA FOUND IT MOST BHNBFICIAL. Mr. G. R. RAMSAY. Secretary of the ASTON VILLA, F. C., writes :

" We used Gratton's Embrocation nearly all last season, and found it most effectual and beneficial in oases of bruises, sprains, &a., au."

UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST EM- BROCATION WE EVER HAD. NOTTS. FOREST, F.C. Dear Sirs, For several weeks past we have been using Gratton's Oils for our p'ayers, and I think it only right' tn you to let you know how valu- able we found them in all cases of sprains. bruises, /so. They are tin. doubtedly the best limorocatiou we have ever bad.

Yours faithfully, R. S. RADFORD, Stagy. S IMF FIELD UNITED. CRICKRF AND FOOTBALL CLUB.

- May 22nd, 1898. Gentlemen, It gives me great pleasure to testify to the excellence of your Embrocation. Yours faithfully, If. H. STONES, Lest. S:ny

AIPTHR 37 YHARS. Mr. W. HARRISON, of the Walkerftigham, Gains- born" writes.— . __

" having been troubled with Rheumatism for 37 vmars I am happy to tell you that by con- stant use of Gratton's Embro- cation I have not one quarter the pain I had, in fact it has done me more good than all the other remedies I have tried during the 37 years put toget- her." GRATTON'S EMBROCATION BEEPS THR LIMBS SUPPLE AND STRENGTHENS THE MUSCLES.

RVIIRY WORKING-MAN SHOULD KRIAP A BOTTLEI -- RIZADY TO HAND.

E HAYWARD, of ,Brown- bills, near Walsall, writes to us That he bad the misfortune to fall down while carrying a piece of timber. The Um her fell across his leg and bruised and sprained the guider of hls knee aid he was hardly able to walk He tried all sorts of oils bat none seemed to do it any good, but one day he was reading the " Walsall Advertise. " and found that Boots. (lash Chem- ists, were advertising Gratton's Embrocation. He decided to buy a bottle and now he is pleased to say that after the second dressing be had relief thead oks:nls7li whole I:aoosuledh of Inotydrhe: haboi gtoh. that t usedmh hise thinks every working man ought to have a bottle of this Embrocation ready to hand.

TWO BOTTLHS WITH CURED MT fiIitiUMATISM• Hr. C. SHAW, Loughborough. " I wish to inform you of the great good your limbrocatlon has done me. I had to walk with two sticks but two bottles quite cured my rheumatism. I have recommended it to several of my friends who have all found great benefit from it."

HE RECOMMENDED IT TO EVERYBODY. Mr. W. DAVIICS, a Miner of Treeton. Nr. Rotherham, says— He had very painful swellings In his knee, and that after several rubbings pith Gratton's limbrocation be was able to follow his work as usual. The Embrocation, he avers, is worth a guinea a bottle. In fact, it has done him so much good that be recom- mends It to everybody be comes In contact with.

ONE BOTTLE SET IT RIGHT. .• To Messrs. Anderson Gratton o I have used your Embrocation for a capped kn.e. and I found relief in three applications ; one bottle set it right I have ales::4 used It for sprains and bruises. rheumatic affections, and have had no other to equal it. At the present time lam using it for a crushed elbow 'and find great relief from it, and my friends. that I have recommended it tc, speak highly of it. w. G. HUTCHINSON, Carlton-on-Trent, Newark."

CYCLISTS PLIKSR NOTE " Mr. Auderson I/rattan

I have hued your Rmbrecation during nay training for the 52 miles Lincolnshire Road Record, which I covered in 2 hours 14 minutes. At the Lush I was well rubbed dew• with your Embrocation and I felt no strain upon the muscles whatever. I shall for the future always use it during my long rides and path racing. " A. B. BUCKLE,"

A THANKFUL CITIZHN. Mr. d. HARDING, Walsall. • Having tried every available remedy for rheumatism with little or no relief I tried Gratton's Rm,,rocation, and have known more railer from It than everything else I have ever used. lam very thank- ful you introduce-1 It into

===== 0002601_19010215_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
USED WITH WONDERFUL

ALBERT CRA.WFORD says— Having been troubled with great pains in all my limbs I resolved to try a bottle of your Embro- catitn with the result that a few applications had a wonder- ful eft.ct, giving me almost immediate relief. I derived such great benefit (I never felt worse In my We) I feel cora- pellrd to congratulate you upon having been the medium of putting within the reach of the public such a valuable prepara- tion."

•• I have suffered severely with neuralgia and was recommen- ded to try Gratton's limbroca- boa. I did so and it acted like magic, giving me instant relief. Yours aims ere'y, " THOMAS 134.11Kaft, Derby."

PRICE Is. UD. FOR 100. AT BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

SOLE LOCAL AGENTS, 35, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON, 5, BRIDGE-STREET

===== 0002601_19010215_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGH IVEXTURE.

Children's Medicines should be carefully chosen from simple and effective remedies which have stood the test of time. They too often contain poison in some degree, as is evidenced by the inquests which are frequently held in different parts of the country Some Cough Remedies especially offend in this respect, as they generally contain a preparation of Opium, such as Laudanum. Morphia, or Paregoric. Yet there is one. GOULDING'S Crum:ow-tee Conou MixTUrre, made by Francis Goulding. the proprietor or the celebrated "Cooling and Teething Powders," which have proved of such great benefit for children cutting their teeth. This preparation is made specially for young children. It is an excellent remedy for the irritable cough to which children are liable. It acts splendidly also for Colds. Bronchitis, Feverishness, D ',g Cough, Croup, 2tc.ifficulty of Breathing. Whoop' It is perfectly safe and is free from Poison.

l•;old in Bottles at Bid. and Is. lid. each.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BE OBTAINED 7EOAI

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, At the Reduced Prices of 7d. and 90. 15, lugagraig. IWAHRINCITON. Also at BRIDGE-STREBT, RUNCORN,

20, ALBERT-ROAD, WIDER% 6, ORKSIIRK-STUEBT. ST. HUM.

THE session which Parliament, Crown, opened on Thursday and People.

marks an important point in our Parliamentary history. It was inaugurated by the Sovereign in person, and the close relations. between Crown and Parliament which had fallen into abeyance will be resumed and strengthened. It may be taken for granted that for many years to come the KING will attend Parliament in per- son, and read his own Speech. He may even be a conspicuous figure in the Prorogation,which is apt to be a poor spectacle. Tee change will be notable in many ways. It will revive the scenic attrac tions of a great national event, and, perhaps, do something to elevate the character of Parliainent itself. The attendance of peers at the opening of the session is sure to be considerably increase& The first business of the present session is to renew and, it may be, to revise the arrangement by which a fixed amount is substituted for the revenues of Crown property and old taxes which are, by a constitutional fiction, claimed and surrendered by the Crown to the Government of the day. If we could put an end to the fiction,so much the better. We no longer recognise the right of:the Crown to obtain income without the ssent of Parliament, and it is now part of the duty of Parliament to raise money for the maintenance of the army and navy, instead of assigning taxes to the Crown for that purpose. When the Civil List has been examined by a special committee it will be the duty of Parliament to make a new understanding, which will continue during the present reign. An allowance for the QUERN CoNsoar is one of the new duties that will be imposed. The late Renews CoNSORT had. £50,000 a year, and probably a like amount will be assigned to the QUEEN CONsoRT. There will be no desire to hamper the 31rown by want of means, and if we are to have spectacular displays we shall have to pay for them. The expenses of the late QUEEN'S funeral and the present KING'S Coronation (which may be an accomplished fact before Parliament:can meet next year) will have to be borne by the State, and the cruise of the Dux eOF CORNWALL to the Colonies, extending to Canada and the Cape, is another matter that will have to be provided for out of national moneys, to be voted, we should magine, in the present session. We offer no objection to these things, and the couetry will gladly provide them, in a spirit of loyal generosity. It is unfortunate for the taxpayers that they should come when other burdens are so heavy and so impossible to evade, but the fact not does effect our duty in the matter. The session must of necessity be largely occupied with financial matters. The war will entail further expenditure as well as further taxation, and all parties must combine to make the latter as equitable as possible. The proportion to be found by the wealthy may very well be increased, though no measure to make such an adjustment can be yet suggested or is likely to find much favour with the classes as distinct from the masses. The local taxation doles come to an end with the present financial year, and the Government will probably ask for their continuance. Owing to several causes, some involuntary in their origin, no revision of the general incidence of local taxation hale taken place. Our statesman have been in no hurry to do the work, and they have had the advantage of the electoral assistance of the classes they ha" relieved at the expense of the rest of the commun- ity. The general financial situation is thus con- siderably mixed, if it be not grave. Whichever way we turn more expenditure has to be faced, and the people will have to contribute more to keep the State machinery going, whether they like it or not. Policy controls expenditure; and as the policy has been fixed by the people, the people must pay.

Wx could hardly expect Mr. Burdett-Coutts' th Criticisms. au mr. ISIIIIDETT-COUTTS., M.P., would be satisfied with the report of the South African Hospitals Commission. It was not intended to please him, or to make good his statements. Ile was badly treated by his own side, and if he had not made such damaging statements, held to be incrimina- ting by independent observers, there would have been no Commission at all. The Commission was selected and appointed to vindicate the Govern- ment, and not to elicit the whole truth. It has I been unable to do either of these things, and hence its satisfactory character. Mr. BuRDErr- A Courrs now contends that "the true state of 11 , things was deliberately hidden from the nation" in the first place, and that there was" a studied campaign of departmental whitewash" in the second. The masterly way in which he handles the results will be held byt utie public to justify his criticisms. The Commission could not compel the attendance of witnesses, and it had no power to protect them, so that some witnesses did net attend. When Mr. BURDETT-COUTTS called the attention of the Commission to the fact that some of the men who had given him information were willing to give evi- dence he was met by the astounding statement that the Commission had decided to hear no more evidence. The witnesses in this country must have been considerable in number. Mr BURDETT- COUTTS puts them at between three and five thou- sand. How many of them were examined? The Commission went to Netley, and it examined seventy men there in a single afternoon ! Mr BIIRDETT-COUTTS makes the singularly pertinent comment: "I cannot find that any patient was examined who was in the famous field hospital at ,

Bloemfontein, to which the report devotes two whole pages, and through which at least a thou- sand men must have passed." If this passage accurately represents the case, the scandal seems to be one of the grossest ever arising out of a national inquiry. The Bloemfontein case was the worst of all, and the field hospital was the worst part of the Bloemfontein case. Hundreds of the men who were in the field hospital succumbed te enteric fever, and could tell no tales. Surely some survivors remained, whose evidence ought to have been material, and why witnesses from other hospitals at Bloemfontein were taken in preference is only intelligible on the theory that whitewashing was designed and Carried out. There were four hundred and sixty- two witnesses examined,but only one hundred and seventy-four of them were patients. Out of fifty- six military officials seven gave evidence against the hospital arrangements. Of the army medical Officers and attendants ten were against the general finding and one hundred and eleven were favourable. The independent witnesses, (lectors and attendants were one hundred and four in number, and fifty-five were adverse to the general arrangements—or, to put it in Mr. BURDETT- COUTTS' own words, "one-half of the independent Witnesses have given evidence directly against the medical arrangements, while only one-tenth of the official witnesses have expressed themselves dis- satisfied." These facts and figures tend to deprive the work and finding of the CJairnission of any substantial and permanent value. If it be replied that the Commission has censured many of the arrangements, despite this limited inquiry,we have only to remark that if a proper inquiry had been made the censure must have been still more severe and the country might then have .been better astisfied. The net result is that the Commission did not do its work properly, and that its guarded knd limited censures and suggestions were mainly irltended to throw doubt On Mr BIIIIDETT-COUTTS' Statements, and to convince the public that enor- Mous efforts had been made, and, on the whole, With satisfactory success. Mr. BIIRDETT-COUTTS Was to be suppressed. Happily,:he is not the man to be smothered by official opinion or a superficial report.

Newton Conservatives are fortunate people. At their annual meeting they are always treated to a speech from the member, Colonel Pilkington, and the ex-member, Lord Newton, and as far as we know the treat is appreciated. The text of the speeches at the last two annual meetings has been the same, i.e., the war, about which both gentle- men have a good deal to say. We have boon struck on both occasions with the contrast in the Speeches and opinions expressed by these two loyal supporters of the Government. Colonel Pilking- ton appears to speak first and think afterwards; at any rate the reverse is certainly not his method or he would not practically pooh-pooh the huge Waste of life and money which is still going on over the miserable South African ,business. "These considerations," says he, ought not to affect to any gteat extent a great country like onrs. . . . . . If this war costa two hundred millions it is not a very great 'flatter." Oh, indeed ! ' the bereaved parent and the apprehensive taxpayer will probably say to ,thern.elves, 'such considerations affect us. Eng- -ISnd is a great country, but she cannot pour out hfe and treasure with such a fine disregard for the Consequences as actuates Colonel Pilkington. He even invites his hearers to remember that a war at beginning of last century lasted :22 years ' srily he is a Job's Comforter.

Lord Newton is much the more thoughtful and Weighty speaker' and while one cannot entirely agree with what he says, there is evidently so much cairn Consideration and earnest conviction behind k "15 OPirlloll3 that they command ourrespect. His Lordshipis somewhat of a pessimist, but we prefer the pessimist to the optimist who talks lightly of lives and millions. He also places a certain amount of blame on the Government for "fatal optimism," and the false assurance some months ago that the War was "at an end." To all that we say "hear hear," but w 3 do not see eye to eye with his Lord- ship in regard to conscription—a modified form of which is a pet theory of his. While it is true that the voluntary system has broken down under . f. 6 recent, strain, it is more than questionable 17nother compulsory military service is tiae remedy, The voluntary system itself weidj not have ,broken down but for the mismanagement and starving of it by the authorities prior to the war. The worth and necessity, of the citizen soldiers has only just be- gun to be fully realised, and already the facilities for affording volunteers competent training are be- ing improved. It is in this direction that the l'eoledy, in our opinion, lies. Let the volunteer and yeomanry forces be properly treated in times of peace and there will be no more need to talk of conscription. &tidied neglect and a deaf ear• to all appeals would cause the breakdown of any sys- tem oi home defence. The fault lies not in the System, but in its adequate application.

The supporters of change-ringing in this country Will he interested to learn that the modern system of fixing the bells in a frame,and working them by a lever wiiich makes the tongues to strike and pro- ' dee • just the proper vibration, is a success in New Yolk. Several churches have adopted it, one of the advantages being that the mechanism can be controlled by one or two men, and the sweating of a large band of ringers, one man for each rope, is "olded. But a great tradition in the art of Fatnpanology is being broken down by the modern invention. We can understand the feeling which rflakes the people of New York cling to the idea that at least there shall be bells, even though they not move. It is possible, of course, to produce Inuch the same result with tubas, and they have °Ken adopted, in some instances, even in ao c.on- 4vative a country as England ; but associations. "tte against them. There can be no poetry in the • 11°11ght of striking tubes. It may be prejudice, ';):11t it suggests rather a hot-air apparatus than Longfellow, Mrs. Haitians, Mrs. Sigourney and Gray could not have got lyrical over a patent el that sort. Macaulay, was right when he fore- st the decline of polpy with the advance of -Knowledge.

Au object lesson in the appreciation of house Property in great cities—that enhancement of 1?allie which used to be called unearned increment ,--18 afforded in the demands which some of the t-sondon clubs find themselved called upon to face. 44easehold property in the West-end,where, indeed, i esd, Tactically all is leasehold, is now falling in n rge quantities, and the great ground landlords are none too tender with the holders who desire ,11°W leases. Thus, the Athenteum Club, whose touure under the old lease expires very shortly, 'Will lie called upon to pay a rental of £l,BOO, _in- ''''Sead of the present one of £5OO a year, and in lalcivg of this enormous increase of liability as already enlarged its premises—somewhat r the regret of many, who think the lamous frieze injured by the superimposition :).f an extra storey—and taken other steps to add '4l its membership. In the case of the Reform Club the lease has still some thirty and more -..v•-ara to run, bat the committee are threatened th th a yet huger increase than their brethren of . 0 Athenmum the advance in their case being, it t understood, no less than from £5OO to £4,000. „0 doubt this will force on the club the necessity Providing additional accommodation, and here "galthere will be an outcry on the part of the :rtistic, for the addition of a storey cannot but IP.oil the proportions ef a building which is ad- anittedly the finest in Pall Mall. Of course, these j" only examples of what private leaseholders in j._'l°ao quarters of London where ground is doubl- og and trebling in value have also to face, though "thaPs they are more gently dealt with than

when a corporation of wealthy men is in qua- tion.

It is, perhaps, unnecessary for us to curnmend to the people of the town, the great united mission which commences simultaneously on Sunday in the free churches all over the country. Such a scheme needs no commendation, but we would re- spectfully and earnestly impress the importance, ' even solemnity of it, upon es ery man and woman, ' and every child who is old enough to think. There 'has never been so united and gigantic an effort 11 made for the Christianising of the masses as will be put forth by the united workers of the free churches during the ensuing week. Missions, great and small, there have been in plenty, and each of them has been effectual in furthering the cause of religion some little—but only a little. There are so many obstacles to the spread of Christianity that it does not make any- thing like the progress that is assolutely essential for thiq great nation's cm- tinned prosperity a i supremacy. Are we not told that " righteousness exalteth a nation" ? National righteousriss is therefore the ideal we must look to, both as professed Christians and practical men. Doubtless, seine day, all the churches of the laud will unite in one great mis- sion, such as that inaugurated by the Free Churches. Then, and not till then, can there be any prospect of national righteousness. The time is,perhaps,not quite ripe for so grand a consumma- tion of the Christian's desire,but the Free Churches are undoubtedly furthering it very materially by the united mission. They command a vast organ- isation, And with their intentness of purpose and ' strength of unity, they should accomplish that which will be the equivalent of a long step for- ward in religion. It is a happy augury for tiae twentieth century that this great Christianising effort is being made, and we hope it will be abun- dantly blessed.

A correspondent suggests in another column that Warrington should have a lasting memorial of Queen Victoria in the shape of a new ward at the Infirmary to be called after her, and to be foueded by popular subscription. The idea is an excellent one. Our local Infirmary would be none the worse for an extension, seeing that the demands upon it so rapidly and continuously increase, and further- more, the memorial would be one which our late beloved Queen, were she alive, would have heartily commended. It was one of Queen Victoria's most striking and lovable characteristics that she ever took the deepest interest in the work of our great infirmaries and; hospitals, and frevently visited ! them for the purpose of bestowing on the sufferers her welcome, womanly sympathy. Wesaould like I to see Mr Pendlebury's suggestion taken Up. There is little doubt that the loyal people of Warrington would willingly contribute their shillings on behalf of an object so completely in harmony with the wishes of the sovereign they loved, and in itself so excellently useful.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

The country has scarcely had time yet to give I ll expressio i to the satisfaction caused by the King opening Parliament in person on Thursday. Many years have elapsed since the ceremony was previously pe-formed by the Sovereign; the last occasion being in 188 G, when Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule proposal first took definite shape in politics. The ,Session is practically the first of the new Parliament and of the twentieth century, as well as of the new King; and it is generally recognised that his Majesty acted in a praiseworthy and patriotic manner in not allowing private grief to interfere with public duty

The whole country is, moreover, gratified to find that the visit of the Duke of Cornwall to the Aus- tralian Colonies is not to be abandoned, buv, that he will leave England about the end of next month or the beginning of April, on his impo taut mission. The birth of a Colonial commonwealth is, indeed, a great occasion, and one in which the English pr)- vinces have manifested a deep concern. Our late revered Sovereign's resolve to send the then Duke of York to open in her name the first Session of the Australian Federal Parliament was intended to give as it will give, unqualified delight to all who were then her subj erg. It will be one more link in the bond which the stirring events of the past year and m ,re have only forged more closely than over between th 4 British Colonies and the Motherland. It was altogether another of Queen Victoria's happy thoughts. Our cousins at tbe Antipodes could not fail to see in it the" Special proof" of their Sovereign's interest which .her Majesty a Torling to the text of her message, desired to show, and even now it will prove a felicitous acknowledgement of the devotion to the Crown and Empire which the Colonies have so practical y displayed. The Federal Parliament will open its deliberations with a real speech from the throne, and the Duke of Cornwall may be t•-usted to fulfil this agreeable task after the graci- ous manner ,f his late royal grandmother, or of his father the King.

--- It appears that in many places the public have begun to sing the National Anthe nas God save our Lord the King." But surely it were better to alter the "God save our gracious Queen "to " God save our gracims King," as well as being better poetry.

To what base usage may not the universally admired khaki of a few short months since come, if what is now reported of it in the papers be trues! It is there said that a tailor, in a large way of !nisi- ness, is offering his whole stock of Khaki at what he calls a "ruinous price," and in making the an- nouncement the tailor generously offers, in case his customers do not like the Khaki, to sell it as "dyed cloth "Imagine our being ashamed of Khaki, and so soon too!

The rricent alarming and fatal accident at Liver- pool has led, as might be expected to a good deal of wordy warfare in the daily papers. Able and expert writers have proved incontestably that there is much to be said on both sides, as regards the overhead or underground systems of electric trac- tion Those who insist up m local authorities sanc- tioning only the underground arrangement cer- tainly appear to overlook the facr, or close their eyes thereto, that there are serious chances of acci- dent to the lives of human beings and animals from the escapes of electrfcity from open conductors running beneath the roads in connection with the sy-tena they advocate. It is the opinion of many experts that accidents would be even more serious and numerous from underground working than from the overhead trolley sy,tem. It is, of course, impossible to carry on any great public work without attendant accidents, and it really seems that we shall have to content ourselves With the assuranca whici has been given that if iv. compare the t rtal number of passengers carried last year on the overhead electric tramways in tbili country wiO the percentage of accidents, Wd shall find it works out considerably lower than that on the railways and smaller in proportion than the accidents occurring in any ordinary vocation of life. One does not for- get John Bright's twertion that we were safer in the railway train than in the street, and while dis- counting the assurance of the overhead trolley ad- vocate as to the accidents under his system being , "considerably lower" than on railway 4, one is di6- 1 posed to accept that argument as reasonable ant affording some consolation on the whole.

--- A certain Rural District Council in toe West of Englairi, which may as well be nameless. has a re- solution on its books the effect of which is to keep the workmen in its service who are members of any Friendly Society at a disadvantage when overtaken by sickness, as compared with non-members. The plea of the councillors has been that, with their club pay, it was feared when members of these societies were ill, they would be tempted to con- tinue on the " sick list "longer than was considered necessary. But representatives of the Oddfellows and the llsarts of Oak Societies do not accept the plea as sound or sufficient and have entered their protest against it. The point has also received the attention of other Friendly S3cieties, with the re- sult that the district councillors are understood to have re'ented and become willing to have the re- solution rescinded. It is an old question in a new form. DELICIOUS MAZAWATTRAI TR& DELICIOUS MAZAWATPEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZIWATTEE TEA Bove AGENTS: HENRY MILLING AND LTD. WHOLESALE A.ND EITTAIL GROCERS ETC. 5. HORSRMARK7 I'•ST REIT, WARRINGTON.

It would seem to be a wise and an excellent thing I if Boards of Guardians generally would imitate those that have already adapted in workhouses what is knawa as the Brabazon Employment scheme. Judging from the result already attained, the finding by means of this scheme of light occu- pation for aged and infirm inmates, such as knitting I scarves, carving wood brackets, and even painting flowers and Scripture texts, has had the effect of making many an hour pass less tediously and monotously, while it has likewise had a beneficial effect in bringing kind-hearted ladies, who give the instruction, into contact with their pupils; and thus brightenhig the lives of the latter, Sand tending to make them 'sore conteetel. with their lot.

•mon•mlOYINIIM

===== 0002601_19010215_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THEI EXAMINER, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES FREE LIBRARY LECTURE.

On Fri.:1;;:—;:n--connection wib toe - Widnes Library, a lecture was delivered by Mr Max Mus- pratt on "Jonathau and his Continent." A very in- teresting account was given ot the history and re- sources of America, which was appreciated by all present. SIIIP AGROUND AT RUNCORN.

The es. Joseph Fisher from Bristol to Runcorn with GOO tons of burnt ore for Wiggs-VI orks went aground in the Mersey close to the en^,rance to Old Quay lock. Toe tide was " falling" and about 30 tons of cargo were removed and next tide the ship was tugged to the canal watt and na)ored. It was decided not to attempt to enter the Ship Canal until the tides rise this week end. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLAES

The netts' weekly meeting of the above class was held at Brunswick-street, on Wednesday even- ing when Mr T Simister presided over a fair attend- 'ace. The lecturer was Mr Arthur Higgins, Liver. pool, son of Mr James Higgins, of Runcorn and his subject, "The Author of ' Alice in Wonderland' and his books." There was no doubt lett in the minds of the audience that Mr Higgins was fully acquainted with his subject, for they listened atten- tively for three-quarters of an hour, whilst he unfolded the beauties of the works of Mr Charles Lutwidge Dedgson ("Lewis Carroll,') the eminsnt Daresbury 'Athol. —The usual votes of thanks con- cluded the meeting. A 6ERIOUS OFFENCE.

Thomas Pears, aged 65, of Union-street, Runcorn, was charged on remand before Messrs. PJ Norman, and W 114ndley, at Runcorn Police Court, on Wed- nesday, with indecently asiaulting a little girl, Gertrude Shone, aged 10 years, in the Public Hall, Runcorn, during the etiaritv concert on Monday Preeton,Runcorn, defended,and pleaded guilty. He asked the Bench to deal leniently with his client, on account of his great size and previous good chore° •;er.—Jilesers. Pope and M J Sweetnaan also bra testimony to prisoner's previous good character, prisoner having been employed as under- gardener at the Grange for many years—Tea Bench whilst considering all the circumstances, could not lose sight of the nature of the offence, but, taking the most lenient view they could, imposed a fine of X 5, . .

===== 0002601_19010215_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr EDWARD'S ANNUAL DANCE

The Public Hall, Runcorn, on Wednesday pre- sented a pretty and lively appearance owing to the elaborate decorations which embellished it. The occasion was the annual dance,in aid of St Edward's Catholic Schools. There was a large and select attendance, and, the floor being in good condition,a programme of twenty-two dances was thoroughly enjoyed. The M.C.'s were Messrs R J Macartney, 11 Prescott, and G Prescott, and the Committee res- ponsible for the very admirable arrangements in- cluded Messrs M Conway, J W Dockery,T Kennedy, R J Macartney, J McCabe, M Nixln, J O'Grady, II Prescottd Winfield, C Watson and J Prescott,whilst the onerous duties of secretary were ably carried out by Mr J Donnellan. The music was supplied by Mr T Knight's Band, Runcorn. During the evening the Revs Father Chambers and Father Brown (War- rington), graced the function with their presence, and the former in a neat speech congratulated the Committee and co-npany on their successful ven- ture.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN BOATMAN " FOUND DROWNED."

Crone t R Dobson, held an inquiry. at the Run- corn Po:ice Court, on Monday afternoon, on the body of Thomas Tying, a boatman. —Jane Ivins identified the body as that of her husband, a boat- man, in charge of the canal-boat "John." On the Saturday evening, witness and her husband hael a quarrel but not of a serious nature. She saw her husband safe on the boat at about 10 to 10 the same evening, but when she returned to the boat a little later, missed him—John Keen, another boatman, testified to learning from Mrs Ivins that her hus- band was missing, and on'finding one of his shoos and cap on the deck of his flat, he grappled for him with a boat-hook. A little lever a tug passed, and intimated that something had been struck by ita propeller. On grappling near the spot deceased's body was recovered.—P.C. George Carrington, gave evidence as to examining the body upon which there was no mark of violence, save a post-mortem one, evidently received from the tug.—A verdict of " Found drowned" was returned.—The Coroner, prior to the inquiry, referred to the late Queen Her reign had been a great and glorious one, and she had left a noble and beautiful example behind her. How mach they regretted her loss he need not say. They were serving that day under King Edward VII, and he felt it was the sincere hope of all that the King would be long spared to them, so that he might follow the splendid example which was her late ilajest3r's most glorious legacy. (Hear, kear).

===== 0002601_19010215_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCRRT AT THE MERRRY MISSION.

To Air A Abel be!osgs the credit -for-the very excellent miscellaneous concert, given at the Sea- men's Institwe on Tuesday night in aid of the "Sailor's Grave "at Runcorn. The history of the "grave " is one, however, that reflacts credit upon Mr VT Shaw, the local missionary of the Seaman's Institute, Runcorn. Finding as he did that time after thine the difficulties and daog3r iof the Run- corn Canals and Docks, caused many sailors to lose their lives, and that in many CASB3 those luckless ones livsd miles and miles away from the scene of their disaster, he corceived the idea oe having a special grave, in which the unfortunate sailor could ba respectfully pus; to his last long rest, without necessitating the expense to poor and struggPng relatives of conveying the corpse away. Time has done much to fill the first grave, and it has been the endeavour to raise suffi- cient money to S scure twelve more places of inter- ment, aad with that end in view, the capable effort of Mr A Abel was put ftirth on Tuesday night, the concert was largely attended,and was presided over by Mr W E Dailey. The vocalists included Miss Coward, Mrs A Abel, Messrs & Roberts. Dockery, Hopwood, Clarke. A Grounda, C Temple. Mr Ash worth was in evidence with his banjo, and Mr Syd Beckett and Mr W Grounds figured as pianists A splendid lot of pictures, patriotic and otherwise were also exhibited by means of a limelight lantern manipulated by Messrs T Bowyer, and A Abel, and several of the vocal items were also illustrated by the same means. On the whole an enjoyable even- ing was spent, and its object almost, if not fully realised. PUBLIC BTOTBAT UNDFIR TEM OLOOK FOR MIST BOOTS 111 TANnAstittetil.—Adat

CRAWFORD'S

CREAM

CRACKERS, CRISP AND 'RE AMY

===== 0002601_19010215_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES AND RUNCORN TRANSPORTER BRI ODE. Local Government —Board Inquiry at

Runcorn.

No Opposition.

. - On Thersday evening Mr R H Bicknell. M.1.C.8., an Inspector of the Lecel Gevernment Bard, held an Inquiry at the Runcorn Town Hall, concerning the *epee Cation of the Urban District Council to borrow £lO.OOO, repayable in 30 or more years, for the purposes of the Widnes and Ruecorn Bridge Act 1900. There were present at the inquiry:—Memsrs W Handley(cheirman),F Wiswall (vice-chairman), S Taylor, J Pritchard, G Hewitt, J H Salkeld, T Janes, J Wilson, D Biebrown, J W L.ghtburn Walton, F A. Lake (clerk), E Marshall (secretary), and J Wileing (surveyor), ot the Runcorn Urben District Council : Messrs H S Oppenheim (clerk), Samuel Hoyle (accountant), J S Sincleir (surveyor) of the Widnes Cor- poration, Messrs J Moadowcroft, W Mellor, H Greunds, Lea, M Barker, ratepayers ; arid Mr J J Webster M,1.C.E., engineer to the Bridge Company. Formal evidence of the population, valuttion and indebtedness of the town hiving been quoted by the Inspector, he said that inquiry was held more especially forth° purdose of giving the ratepayers of Runcorn an opportunity of objecting to the investment of £lO,OOO as was proposed by the resolution of the Urban District Council. Did any gentleman present object to the application No objection having been raised, Mr W Handley, chairman of the Runcorn Urban Diatrict Council, gave evidence of the history of the question, which is briefly summed up as follows: Some 30 years age the rent paid for the Ferry, was something ilke £l,OOO to £1,150 per year. Crue at them time there was no railway accommodation at Ruecorn, as the advent of the railway was in 1868. The ;population of Rnn- corn was then but 3,000 to 10,000, and Widnes scarcely as much, thus it wee reasonable to suppose that the increased population would mean increased traffic across the bridge. On the first of February last year the Runcorn Couneil passed a resolution to support the Widnes and Ruecora Bridge Bill in its course through Parliament. There were 18 members of the Bascom Council, On the 10M nt Neeemtor a resolution to invest £5,000 in the scheme was agreed to by 13 Yeas to three. Bu l on the 22 id of Nevem ber a resolution to invest '£lo,ooo was agreed on by 10 votes to seven, there being oaly ose abeentee on that occasion. Still the alteration in the vote was not indicative of antagonism to the Bridge Scheme, but the chief reason assigned was that the town Could not afford, £lO,OOO The amount had been ! increased from £5,000 to £lO,OOO for the reason that ! the promoters of the scheme declined to give Runcorn repreeentation for less than £lO,OOO worth of shares. There had b !en a meeting of rateoayers and a model of , the Bridge was exhibited in the Drill Hall, and through- out the town the action of the Ceuacil met with little ! opposition. What oppoeitiou there was appeared to be on the ground that a less pario4 than 30 years in which to repay the money would result in au s lac:roasted rate which would be serious for the town to bear. At 30 years if the money oeuld be obtained ear h per (Aar the charge on the rate twat' be £506 15s 51 ; at 315 per Cent £513 15s; or about 31 in the £. At 40 years paving 3* or cent £450 di 31 was the figure ; and at 3k £428 7s Id. The Inspector pointed out thee tho peri Id of repay- ment for loans connected with steel bridges was very much less than the figures named and he felt that the , Local Government Board would require satisfying as to the permanency of the works, b ;fore they would alter their usual procedure. Continuing Mr Handley„pdeziaetwedovoludtlithaadt geii wt tidoatleeie, 17 to 19 milesor 34 to 38 miles esannitaeilepdoianti ,:raheyr:eofthfre Bom for a return Putney. He also quetsci from a ' Liverpool directory of 1813, showing that the !prop-mad !site ofj the Bridge was even then advocated as the best site fer mites and miles along the Mersey. Runcorn was ae it were in a currier with one way in and one way oat. Mr H ilk -11,1? a:s submitted a report by Mr 8 B C M. 1.0 E.. the managers of the Liverpool Overhead Railway Co ,in which he was of opinion that a traffic of passengers ani goods of over £12,003 per annum was well within the prole lb:Utica. Mr Meadowcroft raise i the qu,stion of revenue esti- mates being very problematic. _ . _ _ . .

T.ti-ill-IfiliClo-1;i811;ii CO flOO howthey could betotherwise. Mr Oppenheirn (at a later stage) intimated he would at Widnes (to-lay, Friday), subm.t evidence on that psint, WOPrO a count had been taken by the person who would submit it. Mr F Wiswall said the chairman of the Creinoil had not been quite correct in stating the only objections to the bridge to be linencial ones for he p ersenally had raised a physical objection. Re submitted Sir Douglas Fox's proposal tor a high-level vehicular road bridge, which was under consideration in 1893, and presented a copy of the details of the scheme to the iaspeelor. Moadowcroft questioned Mr Handley eeveralt times with a view to show that, it was decided to inves the additional £5,003 not on acem its of the merits of the Case or toe benefits tint w etsld come to the teeth, but solely for the purpose of securing a represeatation on the Board of Directors. 1 Mr Wis wall further contendei that on the showing of Mr S B CottreTs report, ("zralßc would develop to such an extent as to necessitate either a second Transporter Bridge, or some other provision by which dup:icate car, I may be worked,"), the fact of the Bridge only hayiag I one line, would land them ie the C 42:: of doubting it,and eventually the ocet would be more than a permanent high level road bridge. Mr J J Webster (the engineer) then gave evidence of the nature and construction of the Bridge, and took the oppertunity of saying that he considered the estimate oe £lBO,OOO for a permanent bridge as utterly impossible, for the cost of bridge and purchase of land for an ordinary low-level bridge would exceed it. Having described the Bridge, Mr Webster went on to say that there would practically be little or no oscillation caused to the car by the wind, and the am mat of pressure allowed for was 58'bs to every square feat exposed. The bridge would be a permanent structure, the only wear and tear of any importance being the bearings of the trolley and the cable. AS for the gelatin of the structure that would hardly be necessary as it was intended to use a eertaln composition to obviate that. Dealing with tie theory that iron sod steel were affected by vibrations,and their natures alter in a detrimental degree, be was not pre- pared to say very much about it, but he would say that in comparison with the existing R 0000143 Bridge, the life of the Transporter Bridge would be three times as long. With regard to the time in which the Council might re- pay the inane Mr Webster said that he knew that New- port had been allowed by Parliament 50 years in which to pay a loan, on a Bridge similar to the one proposed. He had been on the Bridge at Rouen and during a heavy gale no motion was perceptible in the car during transit The eost of maintenance was put down at £l,OOO p annum. Mr. Mnadowcroft, having regard to the financial pneitim3 of Runcorn, and to its trade prospects, sub- mitted it would be very impractical and improvident for the Runcorn Council to be allowed to invest £lO,OOO in the undertaking. He did not (Meat to the Bridge only to Runcorn's financial position. They had it upon the authority of the Chairman (Mr Handley)that thetindebted nese of the town was £12,000 exclusive of any liability In connection with the water-undertaking. Lee them bear the fact in mind—£l2,ooo ; and they bade district rate of 3s 31 in the £ ; and they had been told by the chairman of the Finance Committee, on one occasion, that they would have another 3.1 added to the rate next year to meet current expenses. Re was personally aware that there was a "large " opinion in the town .that each money ought not to be advanced on the bridge scheme. The Inspector : They have not come here in very large numbers to express it. (Laughter). Mr Mead° tvcroft : Unfortunately it is the feeling,but It in unexpressed here as at the ratepayers meeting. B e was sure the town could not affoid the expense. There had not been any increase in the rateable value or assess- ment of the town during the last tea years that merited it ; and he saw no probable increase or prospect of ' increase. These facts should cause very great hesitation to rise in the minds of the Local Government Board Authorities as ts sanctioning the requeat of the District Council to borrow and inveet tha £lO,OOO requested. The Inspector ;vial of an opinion that the Lice! Government Board, would not take that question jute c melderatiou. The Act of Parliament provided for the question of the period of repaymetat7ould only be a investment of a sum of money. and the Local Government Board would have to be satisfied that the Council was in a position to make the bargain which Mr Meadowcroft indicated they were not. ' Mr Meadowcroft : said he understood that the in- quiry was for the purpose of satisfying the Local Government Board as to the wishes of the retepsyers of the district ? The Inspector : Yes thet is so and all you say will

be represented. Mr Meadowcroft supplemented his remarks by adding that the Transporter Bridge was asi.ured of an oppoei• time bridge. No information as to revenues ; liabilities, the number of hours the bridge would be worked ; so ti• thought they had no reliable evidence to justify the

investment. - Mr James Leadligh-Areet, said as a tradesman he had to send his cart round by Warrington to get to Widnes, a journey which took the whole day. It was a great drawback to many trsdeamen, not having any proper way across. They should have opened up a larger trade it they had a good toad. The inquiry then clased.

__ 2/6 PER IMPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRIsH WHISKEY.

ALso AT 3/-, 3/9. 4/6 AND 5/3 PR QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE BIEUCNINTS, 20, RENSFI AVir STREET, LIVERPOOL (Z Minutes' from Central and Lime-street Stations).

===== 0002601_19010215_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
UNOORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS

Ttie usual fortnightly meeting of this Blard was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. Mr J Moseley Williams presided, and there were also present—Mr T Reynolds, the Rural District Councillors, Mr George F Ashton (clerk), Mr W E Hough (deputy clerk), and Mr Joseph Gunnell (master).

===== 0002601_19010215_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
• • TRH FARMERS, CRY FOR BOYS.

Mr: James Mousifield, manager to the Boston Deep Sea Fishing and Ice Company, further wrote for the informa- tion of the Board of Guardians, that the term of appren- ticeship for boys was four years, and the form of 'fader* tura the usual one supplied by the Board of Trade. It wae the intection of the C n3pany to provide a home with a Master and Matron to look after them when on shore; also to provide all food and clothing. In addition to this there would also be remuneration according to rank, as apprentice, i e., when he was carried in addition to the ordinary crew he received 61 per week, as deck hand Is. par weekl as third hand it. 61. per week, and " stocker " according to the custom of the pare. Still It would be impossible to give a fixed sum as the remuneration varied with the seasons. Some or their skinp-rs were in receipt, at the pressot time, of £2OO to £3OO per year.§The premium due with each boy was £5, In answer to the Onairman, the Master said the terms appeared to be identical with those of Grimsby. Tnough there did sot seem to ba say home at present; it was prospective.

The Cowman : Yes, the Gthnsby people seem to have a home. The oaly advantage over the Gritnaby paopla seemed to be they Lsed steam trawlers. Tne Adastsr stated the Grimsby C3rnpany also had .tam trawlers._

Mr Ltnaker asked whether the B3ard had any boys at Grimsby. The Master : We have seat several boys there and they have done very well. Mr Baxter contended that the boys did not get as well paid as they would if they worked on farms,and argued that boys of that kind would be better employed on farms. Ha would never dreads of giving a boy is a week for he would be worth 3i or 4 3 a week to any farmer. The Chairman considered they had always in the past acted on that understauuiog, arid tie did not know of one case of a boy going from the house to tho3e people but what they had lost sight of bun. Mr Baxter then intimated he was cognisant of several casos where boys had turned out useful to farmers. The bey was then called in and in answer to the Chairman expressei a desire to go to sea. He also gave an accaunt of his previous employment, and stated that though but 17 years of age he had earned 20s a week " scalling " boilers. This statement caused some astonishment. Mr Linaker, Mr Spruce, Mr Antwiss,and several cellar guardians expressed sympathy with Mr Baxter that suitable boys should if possible be placed with farmers. The Master intimated that the boy had already been refused by farmers, and as both his parent were in the house it was advisable that he should be seat beyond their influence. Subsequently on the motion of Mr Lotwiss, seconded by Mr S Woodward it was decided to leave the case in the Master's bands,and that the b )3,7 be sent to Grimsby if anywhere.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR LAW CONFERENCE.

Me S Woodward proposgi that the delegates to the Poor Law Central Conference of Associated Boards of Guardians for that year, which would be held in London on the 25th last, and two following days, be MOS3ri 4 R Norman and T Baiter. He believed that neither of those two gentleman had attended the conference before, and be mentioned Mr Norman nom.° readily, for they knew there was to be a meeting prior to the Conference at which the New Dietary Order of the Local Government Board was to be discussed, and he fen. that Mr Normac knew more about that subject than any other of their number, and would be able to take up a position worthy of the Board. The resolution also included the Clerk. Mr. T Wright seconded. Mention was made of Me 4 R Norman having mat with an aocideat by slipping off a tram at Liverpool,and it was subsequlntly agre.d that the two gentlemen mentioned and the Clerk should attend the Conference and in the event of either beiro, able to go, the vacancy should be filled by Mr. T'Wright.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

, Mr. S Woodw..rd proposed thn financial statemee, from which it am+ sent that £B5 was granted to }tun- dra, £23 to Frodsharn, And £27 to Hadworth for nu"- relief. Toe balance ha hand last Boari Slav was £2Ol 81 21 ; receipt-a. nil ; cheqds required £162 6s ; !raving a balance of £39 2s 20. Mr. Wright sednded and the !nation was carnal.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Mr. J. Koowles, JP., prosidod over the usual meetiug of this body, held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tues- day last. There were &so present :—SUssrs 5 Wood- ward, J Stokes, T Wright, T Baxter, C C., C E Lioaker, Mclntyre, J P Join-Parry, J B Chadwick, P Gleave, J Spruce, C Roylance, J Moseley Wiltiams, Joseph Nick- son, :E Wallington, E Bretherton, George Pilling, T Darlingtoe, T Antwisa, E Clark-, J Bolshaw, J Moon- field, and Whitlow ; with Messrs. George F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (deputy clerk), Mr J Farrington (inspector), Messrs Swinton and Diggle (surveyors), and Dr Adams (medical officer).

ELECTION OF RURAL DISTRICT AND PARISH COUNCILLORS.

... Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the County Council, wroth under date January 31st, statinc• that the Local Government Acts Committee of the Council which met on the previous Friday, did nor consider thsre were any special reasons for the date fixed by the Local Goveth- meat Board for the above to be altered. The elections therefore would take place upon such date, namely March 25:b. The election of Guardians ealy will take place on the 23rd March.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
OPPOSITION TO THE WARRINGTON AND NORTHWICH LIGHT

I&ILWAY.

Mossra Brown, Brown, and Murphy, solicitors to the promoters of the proposed Warrington and liorrherioh Light Railway, Suthport, wrote under date January 31st, 1901, intimating receipt of the District Councils resolution to oppose the railway. They also requested particulars of any objections to the draft ordbr, and expressed a desire to meet the Connell in any way they reasonably could. The Chairman : We object to practically everything. I think it would be best for someone to come before us. Mr Linaker felt it woold be idle for them to meet the Promoters for they could never reduce their require- ments to the Council's requirements. At the close of a ranabli..g disc,assion it was decided that the Clerk should tabulate the objections raised by the Council, then submit the same to the Parliamentary Committee, woo in turn wou,d, consult the wnnle Conn- ail, when the adyisrbility of receiving a deputation would be considered. Ma

BELL'S SUGGESTED IMPROVEMENTS AT WORLEY.

--.-- Mr 9 Woodward reporting on benalf of the committee delegated to inquire into the practicability of the im- provements suggested by Mr Bell, at Norley, said the committee considered the scheme au2gested by Mr 801 l so vague that they refu+ed to come to any suggestion thereon. As an alternative they suggested that a sub: I committee should interview Mr Bell and report at a I future date. Will regard to the fence located by Mr Bell on the site of the old pinfold, they suggested that the surveyor should he empowered to erect a suitable ooe, and place it about 1 cards further back; and also that the seine be painted white. Mr Linaker s.c-uided and the proposal was agreed to

===== 0002601_19010215_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
A BETTER ATATH AT WESTON.

Mr. J B Chadwick reported that a farmer bad been approached at Weston and was prepared to take quantity of the night soil for his farm. A quarry owner had also bees approached with regard to one of his dis- used quarries being used as a tip ground, but he ob- jee,-ed to any such courae. Mr. Farrington bad told however, that the ashpirs were being emptied with treater regularity and things would not be RO bad for a while. In the meantime they would have to look around for some other means of coping with the ques- Moe,

'THE TIELWALL 1.71715A,NCE."

A letter having been mem veJ from Vie Local Govern- ment Board asking if the Council could supply them with a chpy of the analrsis of the cfliJent at Messrs. Long's Tannery. Mr Farrington, sanitary inspector, wrote to the Clerk intimatlrm that he hai not as yet obtained one as he was waiting for the large volume cf storm water in the brook to subside.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLAINTS FROM MOORE,

Mr A De Prra-,-cle-rii7O.;;;1171-o;re-Varisti Council,wrote With respect to obstructions now existing on the foot- patha leading to Moor-line and Guy-lane and also with Chow existing on the footpath leading across the Broomy Fields, Moore. The parties who were asked to remove the obstructions were the London and North-Western Railway and Mr Linaker, Frodattsm, agent for the property, In a later letter he explained that the obstruc- tion in the first Came was due to the absence of wiper Oiler; with the result that people had to get over the hurdles or through them. The complaint against Mr Linaker was that the wiles were made up with parallel rails wh•ch were very dangeroul to get over. Both paths led into the highway. Mr Linaker intimate I he would look at the place, bu' would pi-Aliso nothing definite, and it was decided that the Clerk write to the London and Nnth-Western Rail- way Cmnpany. to APO whether some amicable arrange- ment could not be arrived at.

FIRST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDID/ raw °LC/OB.—Ayr LAMPS, Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves.—X S GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington,—Aelvt. FOR A BRIGHT FIRE. Lightning Fire-Lighters, id Per Packet. —WILLIAM BESWICK. Butterrnarket-It. -Advt. SALE now on i Millinery, Mantles. Pore, Dresses, Blouses, Ito., So., at half-prices. A splendid opportunity. 'REAL BAHGAINS."— W. T. WILLIAM, Sankey et., and Legtu-street, Warrington.—Advt.

DELICIOUS bIIIn.WATrSB 114% ATS MAZ r 4 it DtiLLOWITI NIAZ t 4; t 'AS k BeLE AGENTS: UNICE suLurta- L 0). LTD. WHoLics.L.I.O AND ENTAIL GIioCRRB ETC., 5, NOBSENANNFCI'-11CRNICT, wiAlwreTax.

RUNCORN NOTES.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
[BY A COMIESPONDENT.]

That Runcorn Docks could be better protected and lighted, is a truism to which the cold hard facts, as to how the "Sailors' Grave," at Runcorn was opened and filled, can testify with a greater and more eloquent testimony than anything that I could pen. Therefore I leave it, feeling that if the "decaying numbers" cannot move the powers then the task is hopeless.

The inquiry at Runcorn respecting the barrowiog of .£lO,OOO by the District Council for toe Trans- porter Bridge, was of a very formal nature. No objection was raised to the Bridge undertaking, but a serious one was raised to Runcorn's financial position. At a fu'ure date I will undertake to write something of Runcorn's finances; and when the ratepayers can see how in a few years a consider- able amount of loans will have been paid off they will have more faith in their Council, and allow them to go about their business with a little more freedom and a little less bickering,

.£lO,OOO for a bid for freedom! Has anyone realised what the investment of £35,000 by Run- corn and: Widnes in a bridge for intercdmmunica- tion means? L means a3d rate in Rancora,and about a ,I:ttle mare in Widnes. No account is taken, by those people of the tact that notwith- standing an opposition bridge, the Runcorn and Widnes inhabitants will be incsdned t s-pport themselves, and every time they cross, put la in their pockets, and another towards me rates, in place of the 21 that at present goes to the coffers of a monopoly which has cost them dear.—The inquiry is continued at Wi Ines to-day (Friday,)

===== 0002601_19010215_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBiLL.

Rancorn were fairly bea.en by Broughton last Saturday, and when we expected to irin too, what was the cause? Well, it turned out that on the form I extiibited Broughton were far and away the superior team, and impartial Runcorn players say that: "Playing as they did on Saturday Broughton were the best team in the league." Of entree, some allowance must be made for Runcorn for they were a man or two short. Yet, notwithstanding, we freely admit the best team won; bat at the same time Runcorn hal a chance of showing that even with- out their " stars" they want a deal "of reckoning on! '"I`o day (Saturday), St Lielens visit Runcorn, The present frost, however, may upset the fixture.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The Cost of the new Infirmary.

A meeting of this E3ard was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr A J Jolley presieed and there were also present :—Mrs Clay, 1 Mrs tdelsten, Rev T It Matthews, Rev J H Riddette, Dr I Patt.rson, Messrs William Hickman, J Dignurn, Davies, T B Malkin, J Billinge, TEt Ashcroft, William Houghton, .1. Johnson, H Thereon, A Jolley, J Clarke. A Brooks, It For', G Bee, e W folowies, E L Bent,with3 C Sutton (clerk),S Sutton(assistant clerk) C 11 Ward (workhouse master). THE TO rAL COST OF THE NEW INFIRMARY. At a meeting of the Infirmary Committee held at the offices of the architetts (Messrs William and Seger Owen) Cairo-street Chambers on the 9th February, Mr William Houghton it the chair, the architects presented a statement of accoents as settled with the respective c ontract ces, tshoLi2733t9hossLalancdontthraecttsotael amount into amounting amounting o be paid to the cootrutors as 42,094 9s 03 being a net deduction from the eoetracts entered Into of £244 i; this amount e accountieg for the gas piping not fixed in the new Infirmary and certain electric lights not fixed in the old hospital and some minor deductions. Of the above settled amounts there is still owing to the con- tractors and to the architects and engineers the amount of £1,718 Us. Certificates for paymeet will be issued as soon be ev.rything is completed. The acceunts were approved by the Infirmary Committee, I Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON moved the confirmation of the minutes. Be said ha was pleased to say that the final stage had been reached with regard to the work of the Werkhouse Infirmary Building Committee. It was satis- factory to find that the Committee were able to come befrire the Board wi'h a redeetion from the amount it was expected would have to be spent rather than, as was often tho case, have to make a request for more money. After the figures Mr Owen bad submitted, and which were so easy to be underetood, he did not think I that anything'. remained for him to do except to formally I move the confirmation ef the minutes.

_ F —Mr. PILLING menonded. The CHAIRMLN observed that it did not often happen that a work ut kuch a magnitude was carried through with such a close adherence to the original estimate. It was eminently satisfactory to them, and it ought to los to tho ratepayers, who, he ventured to say, had a groat deal more than 20s for every pouud which had been expended on the work. The Rev J fi Rrnonrrn : Will you kindly tell me in a word the cost of the site and buildings ? Mr OWEN : The site cost about £2,500. The total cost will be about £36,900 roughly speaking. The CIIMIIM&N explained that a portion of that sum had been 9pent on the improved heating and lighting of the Workhouse, and ought really to be charged to the Workhouse. . . .

Mr Tatzuorrow : But the total stun given does not in- clude the furniture ? VIP 01A-tint/at : No, sir. Mr DAVIES : Have you any idea as to the probable cost of laying out the grounds? The Cnanamax : IC IS utterly impossible to tell the cost at present. Mr HICKMAN : That depends upon the manner in which the work is done, whether by pauper labour or otherwise. The minutea were then age& c 1 to. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD'S CIRCULAR. Mr ASHCROFr said he understood that the Local Governinont Board were going to issue a document explaining their first document with reference to their new order relating to th, treatment of Workhouse inmates. Mr Krill:outs said it was a pity they did not postpone it a little longer.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALTERTIONB AT THE WORKHOUSE.

The CHAIRMAN moved that tee following resolutions be aerPed to :—(1) To the making of alterations at the Workhouse of the Union, in accordance with plans to which the Local Government Beard have affixed their sal, suhject, nevertheless, to such modifications thereof as that Board may hereafter direct. (2) To the expEndi- Lure of the above purposes of a sum not exceeding one thousand and three pounds. (3) To the borrowing of a sum of nine hundred and sixty pounds, or such part thereof as may be necessary for the purpose aforesaid, the repayrneit thereof with interest to be secured by a charge on the Common Fund in manner provided by the statutes in that behalf. (4) That the sum of £960 be borrowm I for the purpose aforesaid. That the sum so borrowed be repaid within a period not exceeding twenty years." Mr ASHCROFT seconded and the motions were carried-

===== 0002601_19010215_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE-C-E'INiCRAL POOR LAW CCNFERENCE.

Mr PutiNa mlve the Board he represented at the above conferan-e in London by the Chairman,the senior Vice-Chairman and the Clerk. The Board should under- stand that these meetings were a valuable source of information which would not be obtained in any other way. Thy ought always to keep up the custom of being reprrsented at them. (Hear, hear.) Mr ALFRED JOLLEY said he had much pleasure in seconding the motion, as one ot the oldest members of the Board. •

- __..... . The resolutton was carried. THE ESTIMATES.

Thel CLERK said —l-1-e hd to f,rmtlly submit the estimates which would be considered at the next meeting. Explanations would then be made with regard to them The Boxrd resolved itself into committee for the pur• pose of considering a recommendation of the House Committee. The reporters and officials then left the room.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Bucklev-sti:e-ei—Meihodist ree Church.

Oa Sunday Mr W Long worth brought & successful mission to its close at the above plans of worship. The evening service was attended by a large congregation. A farewell tea was given on Monday evening, about 100 partaking of the good things provided. A meeting was subsequently held, the chair being occupied by Council- lor James Evans. The meeting was also addressed by Mr Wibbarley, who paid a tribute to the excellent services renderOd by the missioner. At the close of the meeting Mr John li!ech, secretary of the P SA , presented, on behalf of that society. Mr Longworth with a handsome , framed photograph of himself, as a token of esteem for I the good work done by him for the church during the six weeks' mission, over 100 confessing conversion. Mr Leech expressed the hope that shortly the church would be in a position to make him their pastor. Mr Fairhurst in a few well chosen words on behalf of the church, pre- sented Mr Longworth with a purse of money. The missioner expressed his sincere thanks for the kindness and good wishes expressed towards him. He was much otliged to them for the kind help afforded him during his mission, and trusted that they would continue to do good work.

DELICIOUS MAZIwAr2BII.-TE/C.—"—' DELICIOUS MAztwATTEE TEA DELICIOUS ItAZIWATTEB TEA SOLE %GENT.: : HICSIFLY AU,LING AND Co . LTD. wHOLEGALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 5 HORSKMAZICET-STRET, WARRING:Tr/N.

5"

Bours business grows and grows be- Cause new customers are constantly realising the worth of our goods and the benefit of our low prices.

Here are a few articles of the most useful and

inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents g PERFU NI ES

make very acceptable 'presents for young or old. Good quality, 6d. sice 5d., is. size 9id. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opoponax, Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hay. Wood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Bettles,ls. 6d. size is., 2s. 63. size is. 9cl.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
PARMA VIOLETS

In Botties from Is. 3d. In Artist's Cues from' Is. In CutSiless Bottles front Es. 6d. EAU DE COLOGNE.

Jersey Castle Brend,2s 6d bottle'ls 6c1,4s bottle 2110 d Silver Cologne. le. bottle 7i., 2s. 131. for Is. 2. Golden Cologne, Is. bottle 80., 2s. 64. for Is. 4d. Toilet Bottles from Is 6d.

TOIL ET AJTICLES

are always useful. but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance at this short list will show you some of the ace things we keep in this line.

Hair brushes from is 6.1, Cruising Combs from 64, Hand hiirrors from Is, sail Brushes, Pun Boxes, Tooth Brushes, Pocket Combs, Tooth Pow.. der Boxes, Scent Sprays. Spleadid assortment. TOILET SOAPS

===== 0002601_19010215_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
IN GMAT VARIRTY.

Honey, Curd, Bider Flower. Brown Windsor. 2d. per tablet, 8 tablets for Is. Glycerine and Cucumber. White rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 21d. per tablet, 5 tabletB for Is.

Castile Soap, 30. per tablet. A specially ettAce variety of milled superflae Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows .

Vlolette de Parma, Grey Oatmeal, Marshmallow and Glycerine, Cold Cream and Roney, usual 6d., tablet for 30., Is, 61. box 10d.

W. can recommend this particular line of choice Soaps with all confidence.

B:OTS CASH CHEMISTS

35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON. ALS3 AT 20, ALBIIRT ROAD, WIDNIIS. BRIDGE STIIRIT, RUNCORN, AND 27, POST OFFICH AROADR, ACCUINE}TON.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Souni BNGLISH LIMN{ on the Market. Preseot Factory 20 Ylinkin' Guarintee Certificate with

each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from Sos. Hunters from EZ 12s. 6d. Liverpool Agent: R. RUBENS, 15 & 16, St JOHN'S-LANE, LIVSKYOOL. Also WALTHAM WATCHSS in Gold, Silver, and Gold- filled at Lowest. Primp Current.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMES ,STREET, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAVEMENTS.' TILES FOR WALL, HEARTHS, FLOORS. ..Bm. itetereuLes :—Warrington Cemetery Catirell and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING- AND TILING- A SPECIALITY. Telegrams : 4. HOLLINGwORTIL LatalfOrd.."

WANTBD, a GENERAL SHICVAN r.-133 BIGH-stainiT Ox ord-road, Manchester.

WANTED. a good 01INEbtAL ShliVANE—Apply Mrs. Bnurorr. Bryn near Wigan.

WANTED, GENERAL. between 18 and 25.—Apply 606, EocznaLE 110.1. D, Manehrster.

WANTHD, good GaNtittA.l... age from go ta .3.) years. tor publio.-210. GRE•I ANC3aTS-fTREEr, lanChe3ter.

WG/B m ANTBD A NBRAL Setnt, 16 to 25. no washing, good wages.-91, ADMULAL-9TH&Er. Princes ra,rli. Liverpool.

WANTBD, COOK GliNKliaL ; must have good reference. rrotestant, —4, fins COUSIN-ROAD, Yrtnce's-paeir Liverpool.

WANTED young CURL to train as nurse-housemaid; no registry.—Apply EDGE, 117, Cunp-street, Broughton, Blanchester.

WANTED Immediately COOK, small family; wages Z2...c to £3o.—Apply Miss HuDsort. llegtetry, iriam-strast Warrington.

WANTED, as HOUSEMAID regpeetable Din. over 15; small famtly.—Mrs. fri. BLICICTuti, Bolnagton Vier age, Altriacham,

TV ANTBD at owe a ,od General dV r. Four in family, good references.—Apply by letter, LADITROFT Huyton. near Liverpool.

WANTHD, GINNREI.A.L SRVAiT, goid we to butt able person.—Mrs ADDOWZi. 11,0543 Bank, arappsnball Warrington.

VITANTRD, good GIRL about 20; comfortable home.— Apply LANCASHIRE and YORIC4HIB6 HOTEL, Hulling - worth Lake, Littleborough.

WANTBD, GBNIIRAL SeSKVANT, tor ead oeoura..ry good wages to suitable person.—Airs T IRTLGXX MOBS Side Narm, Melling, Liverpoo!,

WANTED, a 4IUL, Protestant; not under 18, to train as HOusemaid- Araitress.—Apply b, WE a, Er.sLE TERRACE, Belvidere-road, Princes Park, Liverpool.

ST. HELENS, Immediately, esperienoed COOK GENERAL, under 3); good refereuce required. —Hrs. EDWARDS care Mrs. AVC4na, Li, frieple-acree6 eo attapirt.

IVIISs HUDSON, 19, leans-street, Vl,irringion. requires at ones, COOK, HOUSHAAIDS, and WANSHALS, wages, elz to £3o.—situations all Gentlemen's

WA iTED,a reliable USN ditAL, fiet VAN I.dy at busi- ness during day, goad home, wages £l6. —Apply witb references 60, ULARSILONr-BALD. Auntandra Park,Ulanonester.

- V -- ‘IaNTBD Hzfrerleaded aitssitAL, sia,ll family, mat wash aad plain cooking. wage Elci 2,4--tOply 6-8 Or by lect.er, HAWLIIJRXE-rO&d. Devouditire esrA, Birkenhead.

1-VANTED CouuterillltL, -ae Iloosamthl fer Gentle man'a family, lady would traiu willing girl, Superior general taken. wages glet DOIIoTHY-STIIEBT, Edge Bill. Liverpool.

CIONFECTIOINERY, Ice Cresra, Minerals and Tobaeso Business for Disposal (old established); well fitted shop and house.-26, PADDINOTON, Liverpool.

OFF-LICHNCB and GIiOCHRY BUINAd on sAle ; bargain ; other basin es• cause ut OX.Foall BTRRET, tiegent-road, 44Itord. PlANUFOliTS,Harmonium,AmericAn Organ, Mandoline— Lawsort, experienced teactier, gives course ut a tenons, two halt houre weesly 12s. 6d. Beginners rapidly advanoed. Pike-street, tituckcon. Heath.

WltUßßliti bought; any description; peouipt cab; empty bows euppliett.—lN. Utte.Emism, id Nelson-street, Hyde, Cheattire.

DRESSMAKING.—WANTED. two apprentices ; also, Improver tor skirts. '•t once."—Apply L Guotize. lot, Kttutetord-rod, Wturington.

iNTURSIMY dliCiair, invaluable for keeping Children's beads clean stamped addreased envelope tor paraculars --ltalrce, Strafford-road, Amon, London.,

rum] •• HARROP " LINOLSUM BNIFK (flegistered)s. saves time and Labour, used by all Furnishing Housesa In ensflield. Zs 81. Post Free. Money returned if toe Knife does not give absolute satisfaction, " awe Agesna," wmited quotations for quantities ors application.— vY. CoLit, manover-street,

===== 0002601_19010215_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

1. 4

rt,

===== 0002601_19010215_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 20TH CENTURY.

Do you know that it has often been said that great eynts happen at the end and e the bez;nning of a Century ? No doubt we shall have the usual prophets 1 f orecastine• the nrobabilities of all sorts of startling I occurrences to mark the commencement of the 20:h Century. but there is no One bold enough to predict that there will be leas of pain and suffering, less of human misery and disease in the World. The lot of human kind is to suffer, and the greatest benefactor is he who does something to mtigate vain and affliction. " Nlyer nroptvisy till you know" is a wise Paying, and we adopt this maxim when we say that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is destined to ocruoy a greatly extended sphere of u.efulness in the nw Century. It has been proved by thousands of sufferers to he the one safe and certain remedy for all Nervous Disorders. Low Spirits, Depres Pion. Liver Complaints, Indigestion, and Genera Weakness.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
FEDERATION.

the welding of different communities for the common gond is a 'grand idea, that is now seen in nrci7ress at the antipodes This is the kind of development in civilisation that makes Great Britain, hand-in-hand with Greater Britain. shine out as a jewel am -Inv the Nitions of the World. Just as we witness in the world of Sc'ence, amid the humanising avenciea for the amelioration nf aicknegs and suffering. N ite the enmnrehensive federation of Nature's helps and aids in Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters Here we havA'Ssrsaparilla. Gentian; Burdock, Lavender. Hlndelion, Raffron. and Quinine all hrnaght together, and each for thnse particular prnperiel wanted to make perfect the requirements for remedying human fniffering arising from L'ver Disorder,. S'omach Trnutileg, Indivestinv, Weak Nerves. Poor Blood, and &Ally Weakness from all causes. Gwilvrn Evans' Quinine Bitters is wanted tiv you—Fathers. M Ithera, and Child- ren ; for there is no condition of life wirieea a tonic is net required at some time, and this is Nature's own tonic, which meta all the demands of the human system. After attacks of F,ver and Influenza, It re- coups the cnnstitntion with vital energy. See that the name " Gwilvm Evans" is on lh, label, stamp, and hnttle, then von are sure there is on rniotskA. At all Chrmiate and Stores, in bottles 2; 9d and 41 61. A case of thr 'A 4 61 betties for 124 61, or will he sent carriage feee tic the 901, Proprietors—The Quinine Bitters mann_ facturing Company. limited, L'anelly. South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

SHOCKING CRUELTY TO A Doo. A youth named Patrirk Owen. residing in Foundry- ntreet, WV4 brought ty•fnrn the reaThltr%lee at the War- rington Pollee enurt, on Tunglay. on the rharee of ill- treating a dog hr kinking it in Winwirk-street at 11 10 the previnun Lawis state that at the time in onestion ha was on duty in Winwink-street in company • with Constable Nawry in plain clothe,. A number of 'nun men were stood " lark- ing " near the Co-nnerative and a small fox terrier wan sitting on lila footpath close to them• The men commenced teasing the animal and it jumnei &bruit in a plarful manner. Dafendant thareupon dalitaratelo tricked it in the ribs, and knocked it against the wall. Dnon being interfered with, he said he was s, kW/in?' the dog's rits in "and dealt it several other kirks. Th doe c Prnsrl most pisomislr. In answer to witness, defendant said it was a vicious dog, and had nit's., his mother six months ago. The animal was rnhwolantly eXamined by Mr Flewitt. veterinary anr- eenn, who fnnnd that a hl,od vessel had bean runtnred, and that thnre was a lump shout the size of a man's fist no the shoulder,—Thr. dog was prodncnd in court and anneared to hs suffering intenaa pain.—Defendant said the log nstomptnel to bite him, but this statement was enntradinted h P C Lnwis and Newny.—The magis- trates irnnn•PA a fine nf 201 and costs with the option of a month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES. Warrington Borough Court.

FRIDLY--Be,ore th. Mayor (In thR &Mi).' Councillor Smet-

Imes. and Mr Thornton. A DITaBLND'a MURPRR.,TTs TITPIP4T9 —John Pownati was charged on a warrant with assaulting his wife Catherine,on the 6th Instant.- Complainant stated on Wednesday after- noon her husband Came home drunk and commenced to • hump her on the head and face. He also gave her a savage Aick on the leg dazing her. On the following morning he got. ...like a roaring madman" and said he would do •• Burke or Cavendish with her." He also threatened that if she sent him to gOal, he would blow her brains out.—Pris- oner was convicted of an aggravated assault and sent to gaol for a month. Mis wife was granted a separation order with rsrher week. MoNDlV—Pefore the Mayor (In the chair), Aldermen Heaton Snt'on. Monks, itutchinson and Prancomb. Councillors will'arn Pieta:Writ. Smeth,irst and J Roberts, Dr Dfxnall Birchall, 9eddes, Guest, Wright. Hayward and The,: n ton. Salop Doan THer:r.—llenlet Crooks. 63, Watkie-street was charg,-1 with stealing from the shoo door of Messrs Buckley and Bowe. Winwiek-atreet at 6-23 on Saturday evening a e'en,, snit value Chief Constable stated that P.C. Monks noticed the nrisoner loitering abont the street In a suspleions manner in the vicinity of @evertl shops. me watched him and nltimately saw him go to the proserertors• shop look round to see that he was unobserved, and take down a suit of elothea which was hanging at the entrance }reran 'war and the officer gave chase and sneceeried 4n nap- baring him in Foundry-street - The Bench sentenced the 11,•lann.r to a month's hard labour. and cornp'imenterl the officer upon his smart action in the matter. A VIOLENT CHAR/CW:li GETS THRaI& VIONTHI.—PetW, Coerathov, Percival's Vo'd. was charged with being drunk and disnrderly in Scotland-road at 85 on Saturday even- ing, with assaulting P.C. Tteddington and doing damage to his whistle to the,amount of Ttedd,ngton said he saw prisoner Nome out, of the Theat-e Tavern where he had been refused drink He commenced to at like a madman and molested several per•ons in the street. Witness remonstrated with him but prisoner refused to go away and he was °bilged to take him into ono° Prisoner became very 'violent, striking out right and left, and he broke witness's whistle from the chain and threw it away. When they got to the end of COckhedZs- lane, prisoner at-sick him on the ehest and they both fell to the ground. A mass named George Patrick came to his assistance and they sueceeded in getting the nriso.er to the Pollee Station.--Prisoner. who made his 19th appear- ance was sent to gaol foe three months with hard laboar The man Patrick was thanked by the Bench and granted a monetary reward. A PUBLICLN ABRAULT,'D —Daniel Criers', 28. Allen-street, Was charged wit's being drink and disorderly and refusing to quit the" Pelican inn." Buttermarket-street, at 10.20 on Saturday night. —He was further charged with assaulting William Chalmers. the larvslord —Mr Chalmers said that at 10.15 he was at the her ash -n the prisoner entered the house and asked for beer tie was drunk and witness refused to stroplv him. If. reauested tim to leave the house but he would not go. and made i.e! of bad language. Witness pro- ceeded to eject him and when near the door. prisoner turned round and struck him. causing him to fall, to the floor P's. Evans came upon the scene and took the man into custody. —Prisoner was fined 10s and costs in each case (Cl 3s 61) wlth the option of 14 day's imprisonment. WitnNESDAY_—Before sfr. Geddes tin the chair). Alderman

Monks and Heaton. "A HOPYLESQ CAPE "—LtvirLY Fcgalt rtt PERCIVAL'S- FOLD —Thomas Bagnley who was described as a, loiterer was charred with being deunk and disorderly in Perciva"e-fold at t.. 45 the previous e,tening. with aoseultitts, P.C. Clarke, and committing wilful dsmage to windows in Percival's-fold. the property or Joseph Woodward —P.C. Clarke stated that he was on duty in Prittermarket-street when he received a complaint from Mr. Wnulwatl about the prisoner's conduct. On proceeding to Perely‘l's-fold he found Raguley who was very drunk and making use of filthy language. He had damaged some property of Mr Woodward's. end en being spoken to about. his hehavionr he retorted o What has it got to do with you ?" Witners took primner Into enstody and be became very violent. butting him in the stcmaet, with inch Three es to throw him on his back. P.C. Rigby came to his assistance end the prisoner knocked his helmet off and it his bane. Fventusly the prisoner was planed In a mart bolong- Inir to 'Pr Woodward and taken to the police station,— Prisoner. or,n n ale hie 30th appearance. and was deseribad hy the Chief Constable as one of our most hopeless WA/ committed to gaol for three months with hard I ibour.

EVIDENCE NOT HEARSAY,—Cocclusive evidence in an nertq of the romery provrs that Dr. Will,ams Pk PilIR f,r Pale PAnple, are regarded as the standard inody fry pgralyni., locnrnnter Only. then- matiem and xriatina ; Rhin all. dineasem

in from improverhhment of the blood, acre- -fill*. rickets, chronic Pr vpinplap, consumption of the bowels, and lungs, at. ce-nia, pale and Patinw complexion, general muscular weakness,loss of appetite, palpitations, pains in the hack. nervcus headache. and nerra,gia,earlv rlecav, all form q of female wealrn,sr and 1,1 steria. Tniitances of remarkah`e vireo are numerous, rhet of a Cherhire wcrnan. the dr•tails of which are puhlirhrd in ario'hPr column, need only OP mentioned a. one of many. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. 'they are genuine oral," with the full name—Dr. willistrs' in Pha for Pale People, and are acid hv

ehemiars. and hr Dr. Willi4rn.' Mn' Companc, 46.

Holborn Visrlunr. Loridnn, Er., st 2s. 9d. a hox, nr six • hoxepi for 13i. 9t Pink Pig d inn' or from glarig . jara are nnt Dr Williams' pit k ; .crAnt them only n the pink cord wrapr er ,51P4 above described.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

===== 0002601_19010215_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES CRICKET CLUB.

At the Central Hotel on Msnday night the annual meeting of the Widnes Cricket Club was held. There was rather a scanty attendance, but the spirit of the devoted few who put in an appearance more than com- pensated for the lack of numbers. On the proposition ot Dr Edwards, Mr J Smith was voted to the chair. The Secretary, Mr G Owens, reported that the season so far as the matches were concerned had been a very successful one. Out of 17 matches played, ten bad been won, three lost, and four drawn. Toe best averages were Messrs A Callon, 283 runs in 14 innings, an average of 20 21 ; D Jones, 259 in 14 innings, averaee 18.5 ; and B Hampson. 201 in 14 innings, average 12.46. Mr A Callon headed the bowling list with 41 wickete at an expense of 8.53 ; B Hamoson, 30 wickets, 8.96; Dr Edwards, 23 wicket.. 9.43. The Treasurer (Mr It Burrell) reported that the ex- penses together with an overdraft due to the bank of £23 is 7d, which was brought forward, amounted to £l2l is. The inco:ne Was £77 11s 10, including members' subscription% £56. Toe balance at present due to the bank and Treasurer was £2919; 2i ; doubtful debts, £22 lOs ; and arrears in subscriptions, £lO. All the items compared with the previous years were less in proportion, and the club was being worked as economi- cally as possible. The funds were being administered with the greatest possible care, and if they wished to maintain their position in local cricket the management expenses could not be less than last year. They would see that there was a considerable deficit, but he could not think they would allow the oldest institution in the town to he extinguished for want of funds. There was no organization in the town 80 wsrthy of support as the Widnes Cricket Club. After considerable discussion, but with only one. dis- sentient, it Was decided to allow bowling members the privilege of j sining at 51 instead of the usual sum of. 10s 61. Dr Edwards proposed, and it was decided unanimously, to ask Colonel Walker, M.P., for the divi- sion, to become a vice-president. The following officers were elected :—President, Mr F U Gossage ; treasurers, Messrs H Wade Deacon and R Burrell ; captain of the first eleven, Mr J Smith ; sub-captain, Mr D Jones ; captain of the second eleven, Mr G Sown; sub-captain, Mr F Colquett ; secretary, Mr G Owens; general com- mittee : Messrs Callon, H R C olquett, D Lees, R Devonall, Morris Jones, and Upwood. Votes of thanks to the chairman and to the various officers concluded the meting.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE OCCURRENCE AT

LYMM.

, The prettily situated Cheshire village of Lymm has long enjoyed a high reputation as a healthy and well administered residential district. Within easy distance of Manchester and Warrington, a large number of manu- facturers, merchants, and commercial men generally of theso busy hives of industry turn to this quiet retreat at the close of the day's labour to enjoy its salubrious and bracing air. The numerous palatial residences standing in their own grounds, and the many semi-detached villas along the avenues all bear Evidence of the popu- larity of the district as a residential place. In tbe summer months visitors from the smoky Manufacturing centres of Lancashire pour into the village and take long walks along the dam with its many attractions, or enjoy the pretty scenery associated with its dell. Still with all ite health-giving qualities some residents do not enj y that good health we desire, as a reporter of the' Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner" found,

[From a photo by

tales, Warr ington.]

when he called upon Mrs. Clare, of Sandy-lane, Lymm. Her homestead is really in Ouglyrington, just outside tne village, where the scenery and surroundings are even more r.ral than in the village itself. Mrs Clare has r,sided in the district all her life, and is therefore well known in the locality. Her husband follows the trade of a joiner, and they are the parents of a grown-up tamily of four sons and daughters. Mr. Clare was present at the time the reporter called, and he was able to corroborate the following singular story which was related to the pressman. Up to within a comparatively short time ago Mrs. Clare en- joyed very tolerable health. " Early in the present year," she said "I was suddenly aeiz-d with what I can only describe as nervous fits. The first seizure came on shortly after midnight and strange to say on every succeeding tenth night the , attack was renewed. Each fit rendered me unconscious, and for two or three days after each attack I was un- ab'e to do anything." _ . . .

Mr. Clare here broke in and was able to continue the narrative. " When she was seized with the first tit," he said, " I called in a doctor, and medicine was ministered regularly, regularly, hut in spite of this, a second fit occurred ten days after the first seiz ire, and the second was followed by a third after a like interval of ten days. The attacks became more severe each time." Mrs. Clare then resumed the narration of her ex- perience "I do not know what the end would have been, but one day, which turned out a lucky one for me, I read of a case somewhat similar Co mine which had been cured by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. The case was described in a pamphlet which had been pushed under the door, but we had previously read in the newspapers of some wonderful cures by Dr. William' pink pills. My husolnd fetched a box of the pills, aed, I began to take them." " What was the result ?" cperied the reporter. " I casnot say the cure was instantaneous" continued Mrs. Clare. " I took two boxes of Dr. Williams' pills without appearing to derive any benefit from them and for a short interval I did without them entirely. For- tunately, however, I decided to persevere with them and gave them another trial. I took the full dose pre- scribed, three pills at a time thr e times a thy, and I am pleased to say that I have bee i free from fits for over two months now. For many years prior to the fits I was troubled with a pain in my side and that has gone too. I attribute the cure entirely to Dr. Williams' pink pills. lam so pleased with them that I have recom- menAed them to many of my neighbours and friends for various ailments. I have taken over a dozen boxes , altogether and I have to thank Dr. Williams pink pills for enabling me to go about my work again free from the fear of the fits recurring." Mr Clare concurred in what his wife had said, and added that she was unable to do anything for two or three days after each attaek of the fits. Ile was glad his wife had persevered with them for be was sure they bad cured tier.

. .'""-;',-' -...;‘• milg."•• ',A.,' r 4P ../Sl7›* s 9 1 ' . 1;' A -A P' ,'•'P ' 11 \---A :.-,0 1 .\. fooe -s''' '\;:;\, '----."1:,---7_-L- . / y i • ,'I "...k • I\q, Il\ ,-.„---. .---.1).----1-... i,4, , /0 _ • .\%\ MRS. CLARE CLARE Bi.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
1.0.G.T„ No 1. Convention, S.W. Lancs.

- - - The annual Session of the above was held on Saturday in the Ragged School, Bank-street Warrington. Bro Clarke. CC T (Earlestown), pre- sided over a good attendancs of representatives and visitors from the various puts ot the area. After the appointment of the press and vedential com- mittees, Bro E Newman, C Ssc. (Ear:es'own) read a letter from Bro Bswler (A•hton), expressing his thanks to the Convention for the vote of sympathy passed at the last meeting. Bro Clarke, C C presented his report, showing that be bad visited the lolges in the area, and bad found them in good working order. He gave a short resume of the work of the Convention during the past thirteen years. Bro Newman, C Bee, in his report stated that there bad been a slight increase. Bro Brooke, CE S (Leigh), and Bro Speakman, C Tress (Ashton), re- ported on the electoral and financial departments raTsctively. Sister Mrs Wools, CS JT, (Reties- town), reported on the work among the juveniles. The reports were all adopted. Bro the Rev J A Lee, , DC T (Liverpool), gave a very able address on the I work of the Order in general,ann urged the members to carry on the work. The following officers were elected for the ensuing term: —C C V. Bro G Clarke, Earlestown ; C V T, Sister Cox, Sutton ; CS JT, Sister Mrs Woods, Barlestown ; C BIT, Bro Brookes, Leigh; C Coun., Bro Lindon, St Helens; C Sec., Bro E Newman, Earlestown-; C Treas., Bro Speakman, Ashton ; PC C '2, Bro J Sheath, Warrington; C Mar.. Bro Hardman,Sutton. Votes of thanks to the members of the Warrington " Onward " lodge cors- ets led the afternoon's procee lingß. After tea, a public meeting was held in ths same room Bro Clarke presided over a good attendance. Addresses were delivered by the Chairman and Bro Lee, D CT. find songs, etc., were rendered by the members of the "Hope of Warrington "Juvenile Temple. Votes of thanks were passed to all who had taken part, ',Frer which the meeting was clesed by the singing of the Doxology.

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS. testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel. Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints. Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Matins, and Rheumatism. 'fry one box; if not satisfied, money returned. Is 1 /el all Chemists. Post free 2 Of, ROYDS MED ICAL HALL, CLRCKHRATON YORK.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, Pitt n A FEBRIT

NOTES ON (JAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

[By " Ovalist.'l

Saturday was a decent sort of football day. It didn't snow, it didn't hail, it didn't rain, and it didn't freeze. In fact it hardly even blew. There was just a slight breeze, about enough to make a kicker imagine that his power has increased all at once, and that was all that was noticeable in the weather line. Most of the atmos- pherical idiosynericies enumerated above had been a feature of the previous few days, cud the turf—or what did duty for the same—was a sufferer in consequence. Grounds were soft—nice to fall on you know—but I rather hampering when speed and agility were required. Some good games were played on Saturday, and not t se worst of them was the one between Warringtou and Leigh at Mather-lane which ended in a pointless draw after a game and exciting struggle.

Sometimes the Warrington team goes to Leigh by horse traction and sometimes by steam traction on the London and North-Western Railway. Which is the speedier method remains open to doubt, and I think the club might advantageously change about every year from road to rail and Ince versa. Then, if there was any superiority about one route over the other the benell;, of it would be obtained at leastionce in every two years. Saturday was one of the Occasions on which the train was selected as the method of locomotion. It is a long way to Leigh—for lame pedestrians—yet the train covered the journey of twelve miles just under the hour, a remarkable performanee even in these days of apesdy travelling. And moreover, the passengers only had to change twice, which is another thing to be thankful for. I And there was no accident en route, which is something I else to be devontly thankful for. One rnieht be killed half a dozen times at least in a twelve-mile tour—" don't you know "

About a hundred enthusiasts followed the fortunes of the Warrington team, some of whom went with the players per train, others " biked," and at least a couple walked. These ardent admirers ot the" wirepullers " thought Leigh had slipped down the map a little and lay about two miles away. Consequently they were a trifle weary on arrival and as three quarter time had elapsed the compensation was slight for the labour undergone. rho exercise was distinctly beneficial, no doubt, and in addition the travellers learnt something of local topography which may come in useful. There is nothing like travel for extending 000'6 views and knowledge.

Leigh have been performing very successfully of la' e but the support they get from the public is very meagre There would not be many more than a thousand specta- tors present on Saturday, and that for a match which generally draws well. If the Warrington crowd did not roll up in larger numbers than ii the case at Leigh, I am afraid Treasurer Pemberton would not wear that smile" So childlike and bland" down at Wilderspoo I on Saturday afternoon. The loyal few at Leigh are strong in the lung, however, and they made their pres- ence heard when anything startling was happening. 'Deere was a quartette party on the stand, two members being of the Warrington male voice choir, and the other couple, Leigh vocalists, The selections were excellent, and particularly noticeable for volume of tone. Certainly they kept things lively, even if the quartette did occa- sionally resemble a local competition oetween Blind Joe and the milkman.

The game its*lf was interesting throughout and the result is a fair indication of the play. Warrington were nearer scoring the oftenest and in fact, ought to have bad a decent margin. but the movements lacked "those finishing touches so essential to success," as one of my contemporaries would say. During .he first half, with the braze behind, Warrington were continuously attacking and had the halves passed with MOTO accuracy points must have accrued. The best I opportunity failed, though, when it looked a certainty for a try. Hoekenhall, Isherwood and Fish held the home full back and his charge at their mercy, but the final pass from the first named went wrong and a heart- felt groan went up from the visiting section of the quartette party. The Warrington left wing was a marked }llan. for Leigh entertained vivid recollections of his three brilliant tries in the previous encounter. Still it was nothing but bad luck which robbed him of at least a couple, for in the second half he had a clear course when the referee brought him back for a torward pass from Isherwood who was impeded when parting with the ball.

With the exception at half.b sok the Warrington team showed a great improvement on previous displays. Burgess was the sinner behind the pack and his reckless passing in the first half last many opportunities. Later on be improved and did seine good work. The three-quarters ' were very go,d and passed exeellently. though the centres did not ,do quite enough breakmg through. Sill there was of touch to touch style of passing. All sh tped ccell, Isher- wood and Harris in particular playing in 7:heir best form. Hallam was excellent, and his plwerful kicking was of great service to WarrMgton as the Leigh cus- todian was not great in the punting line,though remark- ably safe and plucky. Forward, Warrington held the advantage, and to bast such a crack lot as the Leigh eight was a creditable pea prm snce. The two Askam recruits played with plenty of dash and their work in the pack was apparent in results. The forward ranks should be equal to ;anything when the injured men are available once more.

On the Leigh side W Pearson (half) and Towers (full back) were the best performers, Dunbavin being only moderate. Kight and Ganloy on the wing did excellent service, the former watching Fish like a oat. Be is a grand tackler too. MacSl asters, the vet.ran, was the pick of the forwards.

The League table up to date is Its follows : For Agst. _ _ _ _

_ P. W. L. D. G T. P. a T. P. Pt Swinton 19...17... 1... 1...21 63-231...19 7 41...35 Oldham 18...16... 3... 0_24 64-24,-12 10-- 54...32 Runcorn 21...16... 5... 0-37 ?5-185 ..13 19.- 83...32 Broughton R'ng'522...14... 6... 2-30 41-183-16 16— 80...30 Salford 21...11...10... 0...28 39-173...28 25-127...22 Leigh 2l .10...10... 1...21 25-117...17 24-118-21 Barrow 20... 9...10... 1...22 28-128-20 27-121...19 Warrington 21... 8...10... 3...17 24-106-17 24-106_19 Rochdale Hornetsl9... 6...11... 2...17 13— 73...29 47-199-14 Silliom 19... 6...13... 0 ..15 13— 69...23 3)-136...12 *St. Helens 21... 6...13... 2...13 15— 71...29 40...178-12 Stockport 21... 4...14... 3...13 14— 68.25 33-149...11 Wigan 19... 4-17.... 3...12 14— 66-26 43-181...11 Widnes 19... 6...14... 0...15 11— 63...22 50-194-10 143-. Fleleos have had two paints deducted for a breach of the rules. TheSwinton v Oldnam match having been ordered to be replayed, the game on January 12 hag been struck out of the above table.

Quite the most important match in its beario,q on the ehampionahip, was that between Broughton Ranrrs and Runcorn on the ground of the former. The Ringers have been playing such a consistently fine game of late that it was too much to explct even Runcorn's deter- mined wearers of the green" to lower their colours. The Cheshire men made a great eft irt, all their chances of the charapionsh;p depending on the issue, but they were a hit out-classed and lost by seven points to to points. Jimmy Butterworth did not turn out, I was glad to see. It would have been a great pity to have risked en fine a plavPr as hs is under the circwnstauces. With Ward and Wilkinson also absentees it is hardly eurprit— log that the Linaeto had to play second fiddle.

Oldham and Swinton both Won easily at the expanse of Stockport and !dillom. and the championship !Imams clearly liebetween these two clubs.

A great surprise was in store for Barrow who enter- tained a warm lot in the burly Wiganers. Still it was great odds on the home team winning, but for once in a way the prophets were wrong and Wigan got a much needed couple of points by a try to nil. The suspension of the home full back. Proctor. snemed to disorganise the losers. It is difficult to find any escuze for them nevertheless. A tie t game at S. Helens with Widnrs resulted in a 7-5 win for the Saints. Both clubs were sorely in need of points. In fact the sLruggle at the foot of the table is nearly as keen as it is at the top. The foreigners who play for Rochdale had a tussle with Salford. hut they were quite unequal to mastering the representatives of the arsenical borough.

A fortnight hence and Warrington Way L•eds in the first round of the Cup Competition. There is a certain amount of confidence in W•srrington that the Lanca- shire team will win, and I think !t is a illStifiab'e sup. hosition. Too much reliance must not be placed, how- ve' o In the performsnce of Manningham whn ppnaed e etoWrsrrington. Meanwhile, Led s were beaten at home by full on Saturthy to the extent of three tries to two goals.

Presentation to Mr. John Moss of Altrincham. On Saturday last the dravalen and other em- ployees of Messrs Peter Walker and Son, Warring- ton, and a few friends, presented Mr John Moss (who has recently left the firm) with a handsome tea and coffee service, as a recognition of their great respect for him. Councillor Baird, in a few well chosen remarks made the presentation. Mr Moss in reply said that he had no idea that he had sn many good friends about him. He had always strived to do his best, both for the firm and the ' men. He thanked them, and the friends who had snbecribed, very much, for such a valnable and use- ful present. Whenever be had occasion to use or ilwalc at th,m, it would always remind him of the kind spirit which must have prompted the gift Several others spoke in eulogistic terms.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY 1-UOTBALL.

TRH appearance of that unique little " Dairy and Com- panion " issued by 4130. G. BIISSNY & CO.. for the use of Cricketers (which may be obtained from Sports Dealers, Booksellers, or Railway Bookstalls for 6.3.), reminds us of the coming season in anticipation of which Geo. G. Bussey & Co. have prepared a" recird " stoak of Bats. We are told that the timber they hold for Bat making alone exceeds 1,000 tons.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Glorious Cricket follows the "British lagF evwyw here." ( itcivt So 1). _....._ NORTHERN UNION.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington get a Point at Leigh.

The first meeting this season between the Leigh and Warrington clubs came off at Leigh on Saturday in the presence of about 2,000 'people. Bath teams were strongly represented, the 'chosen fifteen turning out in each Case. In contrast to the previoui S sturdays, the weather was fine, though the ground was decidedly on the soft side in cmsequence of the rain and snow and frost which had been so prevalent, ?Jr F Kennedy, of Broughton, was the referee and promptly at 3 p.m. the teams lined out in the following order. Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Hockenhall and Harris, threeKinarters ; Burgess and R Bate, half-backs raylor, Boardman, Eden, Scholtzs, Swift, Edmondson, Fell, and Cunningham, forwards. Leigh : Towers, full-back; Kight, E Fears' md John- son, and Ganley, threr-quarters ; W Pearson and Dan- bavin, half-backs; Baardman, Maclldastars, W Roberts, J Rob Tts, Eccleston, Kirk, Webster, and Ramsdale, forwards.

Taylor started for Warrington with the advantage of a slight breeze, and the visitors at once pressed' The I Leigh halves transferred operations,however,and Ganley punting smartly tested Hallam, who responded well for Warrington. E Pearson intercepted a poor pass by Burgess, but Isherwood quickly dropped him. A penalty against Leigh gave Warrington the upper hand,and they rapidly bore down on the home goal, Isherwood being held near the line. Burgess tried to dash through from Bate's pass, but Bight tackled effectually. Hot work in the home quarter followed. Hockenhall smartly tackling Towers and giving Warrington an excellent attacking position. A score looked imminent, when W Pearson got possession, and bluffing the Warrington halves, ran clear and passed to Ganley. The latter sprinted, transferred to Pearson again, and the two of them carried play be- yond the centre line by the beautiful effort, which only failed through a forward pass. Then Hockenhall inter- cepted and r..n half the length of the field with Isher- wood and Fish in attendance. There was only Towers to beat, but Hockenhall's pass to Fish at the critical moment went wrong, and an easy try went a-bsggintz. Warrington kept up the attack, Fish running speedily down touch, but succumbing to the burly Bight at the quarter line. E len smartly broke away from the pack and dribbed down to Towers, who saved pluckily near the line. Fish trio I at goal from a penalty, but failed to eteer the heavy ball over the bar. Hockenball had no better success with a drop, and the same may be said of Isherwood who missed a shot in front of goal with yards of room to manoeuvre in, Leigh raised the siege and made a brief incursi-o to the Warrin,ton end where Hallam was held. 'The visitors got po•sessiou easily however and Harris receiving made a grand dash down touch, Towers grassing him near the line. Isherwood smartly took play to the line, but a dead ball was the only outcome. Fine passing by the Warrington b irks gave Fish a chance and the wing man went in at the corner at top speed. A try seemed to have been scored, but the referee was in a better position to judge and gave a scrimmage on the line. Another passing run by Warrington seemed c sr- ' tain to succe, d when H ckenhall was grassed from behind in the act of parting to Harris. Half-time, no score.

Dunbavin re-opened the game and Warrington early got the upper hand. Isherwood cleverly broke away and fed Fish who ran clear and Wig a certain scorer when the whistle Rounded for a pass forward to the cha- grin of Fish and till rest of the Warrington men. War- rington continued to play powerfully both forward and back, and a long bout of exchange kicking ended in the visitors favour. A misunderstanding betwem Bate and Hallam resulted in Leigh getting well into the Warring- I ton half, from which they were with difficulty dislodged Towers had a penalty shot at goal which failed, and Meat asters went nearer the mark with a drop kick, but there was no score. Fish attempted to bluff Kight, but the latter was watchful and his tricky opponent got a severe shake-up. A penalty kick gave Warrington Nome relief from Leigh's persistent attack, but Johnson kicked aerobe to Ganley who was only robbed at the coi- ner by Hallam in the nick of time, Blardrnan and Fell changed the venue with a dribble, the latter picking up , and running to Towers who succeeded in brining the ' North-countryman down. Isherwood ran well again, but Fish was not up in Marv.. Leigh got down.by deter- mined play and the ri at of the game was evenly con- tested in the Warrington half. The match ended in a draw, neither side scoring a point.

Broughton Rangers Blight Runcorn's Hopes. With every expectation of treeing a goad game betwixl Broughton Rangers and Runcora, the Manchester public to the number of eight or nine thousand spectators. rolled up to the Wheater'e Field enclosure, and cense. quently the coffers of the Rangers obtained a much needed replenishment. At one period, a matter of half an hour before the advertised time of starting, mattere looked gum from a financial outloek,as then there would not be more than a thousand present around the rails Runcorn's three-quarter line was disorganised through the nen-appearance of JButrerworth.and as Wilkinsoere the first reserve man, feelings were somewhat lacerated %Fleeing left off the team for Butterworth, he feilei t ) fill up the gap as anticipated. On the other hand An- drew Hoeg, the right-wine three-quarter, had sailed too near the lire of demarcation laid down by the Profes- sional Sub-committoe, and the canny Scetchman became a passive spectator instead of an active participant in the game. Runcorn made no secret of their hopes of winning, and as a slip on the part of Swinton would ' give thnn a chance of again Capturing premier honours teeir motto was to make every post a winning one. Certainly they commenced briskly enough, and the local supporters were much relieved when Chapman punted away to the centre. By the time the game had fairly slated down it was app trent that Runcorn had the top-weight on if they were to achieve victor:: aasse.tshioenli. aanndewrshaf°tervweart'olBtbwee•resingellitmeaays active in the hese and a little bit better in gaining pwonsrseesnsfitoenn.inThe result was that Sam and Wilt James be laid at the door of the Swansea youths that of selfish- ness is not one of them Wilson took advantage of an opening, and skipped up the field, and then punted over Moran's head, and a ding-done race ensued betwixt , Houghton and Hampson. The Ranger reached the leather first, and managed to ground the same ; the crowd howled themselves hoeree, but it was a ease of no try, as the ball was out of bounds by the time the wing. player reached it. Houghton defended well, and more than once puzzled the Broughtonians,and chiefly owingto him the Rangers failed toscore.Hnonwteaypera.tWniJmamnees,esweriitend his opportunity, and making a mark with almost the whole of the opposing forwards his kick, placed a couple cf points to the Ranger.' credit. This was eminently satisfactory from the home point of view, and some lovely hdelyabo.utps For once poansaseinigawaerweaiyn evidence. Twice Widdeson shot for the line, and twice his effort was nipped in n Jolley was fund bungline, and half a dozen of the home forwards had ra rare opening, but overeenxietv or someteine else lost the Rangers Certain great nt score. The latter, however, pegged away and Runcorn's right-wing being at fault when on their persistency, own line Wirldeson took in the situatimi at a glance and scored, W Jam s converting a he no means easy shot at goal. Hereabouts Jolley. pot in the wars and left the field, hut his absence was of elanrt duration to his side, and by the time the sides crossed over, with the Rangers leading by seven points to nil, the hard workine Runcorn hale. hack was in his u•rual place. In the second portion of the game the visitors appeared to change their tactics, and instead of playing the orthodex game, laid them- selves out to spoil the back play of the Rangers. To a very great tzteot they were suceesslul, t u', on the ether hand, they never looked like wiping off the deficit against them. About half-way through this half,jolley, from a penalty, recorded a goalfoetnßtunneceonrdn: and de with striking the far upright and then falling inside. The Rangers continued to pass prettily a more efficient wing man than Flampson could not have helped scoring. Right to the finish both riles put plenty of life into their play, but at the conclusion the Rangets were on the top, having scored two goals and one try (seven points), against one goal (two points) for Run- corn.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
REMARKS.

It was a ding-don; struggle from beginning to end, and the winners fully deserved their success. From start to finish they played the prsttier foothill, and the parsing of the backs, with one single exception, was beautifully well-timed in execution. Of course the two Jamesea had a fair share in the vic- tory, and gave a polished exhibition of how to open auL play, and in thiq department completel9 outwitted the Runcorn pair, Faulkner and Jolley. The latter ceuple toiled laboriously, but being at a disadvantage with in gard to their forwards not vaining possession so often as the Rangers they cut up badly against the sprightly Vl'e somen. The Runcorn three-quarter line was erratic, and unquestionably Richardson and Jones were the beet Of the quartette, and played a det,rmined game from start to finish. Tile younger Butterworth was no m aln tor Wilson, whilst kihran, like Efampson, is as yet but novice What Ruic,-.rn would have done without the übiquitous Boughton is hard to say. Suffice to rnmark that he was in one of hie bsst moods—a sufficient indica- tion of his abiliti s. Of the two sets of forwards Lhe vi.i-nrs were best reprnsented by Farmer, Reecn, aid W.,k,r, whilst for the Fiumers, Robinnon and White head were possibly the most prominent of a very levet ot. 1

Swinton v Millom.

All through this game at Swinton the home fifteen were seen to advantage, and the game ended in their favour by no fewer than seventeen points to nil. Rochdale Ho nets v Salford.

Salford proved the stronger team at Rochdale. and ran out winners by two goats and three tries to a goal and a try. Williams,Shaw, Davies, Owens and Poi Hips were conspicuous. Barrow v Wigan. Barrow playing at home had to admit defeat from their visitors by a try (Barr) to nil. Oldham v Stockport.

The home Ride, at Oldham, did much as they pleased, and won easily by two goals and four tries to nil.

St Helens v Widnes.

At St Helens. Both clubs were well represented, and an evenly c,mtested game was witnessed. In the first htlf the visitors played downhill, and for a time had rather the best of the game. St Helens assumed the aggressive, and from a penalty in the Widnes quarter Foulkes kicked a goal. Shortly after wards Goulding evalised the scores from a penalty. Half-time :—Two points each. On rem ming Thompson first gained a try for the home team, and Barnes in his place kick landed the ball against the crossbar, but it went over. From a scrummage Ehighes ran over the St Helens line at the corner, Kelsalt- failing to add a goal. Result :—St Helens, two goals and one try (seven points) ; Widnes one goal and one try (five points).

===== 0002601_19010215_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION

Leeds v. Hull.

Hull won this match upon their opponents' ground by three tries to two goals. Driicall, Jagger, Wheeler and Willey, playel conspicuously.

Wakefield Trinity v. Huddersfield.

It this game at Wakefield, Reßlrough landed a goal from a try by Daere, and this left the visitors victorious by a goal and a try tn nil.

_Hull Kingston Rovers v. Bradford.

Playing upon their oppenenti' ground Bradford led by a try t 3 a goal at half-time, but in the end they were beaten by two goals and a try to a goal and a try.

Brighouse Rangers v. Batley.

At Brighouse the Rangers were leading at half time, but at the close they suffared defeat by two goals and two tries to two goals and a try.

Liversedge v. Leeds Parish Church.

The Churchmen obtained the lead in the opening period at Liversedge. and this gave them the victory by a try to nil at the finish.

Holbeck v. Castleford.

Holb•ck was the venue of this encounter, in which nothing W3FI scored until the second half, when Holbeck scored a try (three points) against Castleford's goal (two points),

===== 0002601_19010215_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Manningham v, Bramley,

Manningham, upon who ground this game was played, mule but a poor displsy, n 4 wzre beaten by two tries (Elogg and Flimbrecht) to nil. Halifax v. Hunslet.

Playinz at home the Halifax fifteen won this game by two goals and to tries to one goal and oae try.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

Warrington "A" v. Werneth.

The Warrington "A" team had Werneth for their opponents on Faturday, the encounter being witnessed by 2,000 spectators The visitors won the toss and took advantage of the breeze in the first half. Clever play by the visiting three-quarters at once found Radcliffe plenty to do. Bate cleared with a fine run, and Duckworth missed a splendid openinz near the line. Bate again showed fiti form, and Dickenson slipped a foot off the lino. Warrington showed superior form in the back division, but were Riet by a resolute defence,and eventu- ally Brady cleared t 3 centre. Clever forward play by the visitors again threateeed the horn.) goal. Radcliffe effecting a fine clearance, which culminated in a hot attack on the Werneth lines Exchange kicking went in favour of Wernoth, and Radcliffe was held on his lines. Combined play between Bate and Lawless changed the venue, but a brilliant bout of passing saw Dyson score for the visitors. Warrington attacked, and Lawless iqualizd as a result of fine pagsing. The game went ev.n after this. Ralf-time : One try each. Earl!' in the second half the Warringtoniani, through the ins rumen- tality of fins combination of Bate and Duckworth, attacked vigorously, and Dickenson and Lawless were in qaie snocession pulled down near the li le. A. tem- porary rail on the home goal had a successful issue, for Radcliffe [writs. a kick charged the visitors snored a try at the corner. Warrington made drsperate eff3rts in the last ten minuPei iif the march, and two penal y kicks in quick succossion were negotiated by Radcliff., the War- ringtonians thus winning an exciting game by two goals and one try (seven points) to two tries (six points).

Firemen Spend a Pleasant Evening. By the kind permission of the Fire Engine Com- mittee the annual dinner in connection with the brigade was held at the Fire Station on Saturday evening. • The msn sat down to a very substantial meal, ably catered for by Mrs Thomas Turner. After- wards a very pleasant evening was spent, songs and recitations being given by various members. During the evening Councillor Smethurst called, and his health and that of Superintendent Turner were drunk with musiral honours. The Chairman spoke of the excellent manner in which the brigade had discharged their duties during the past twelve months. He also gave some of his own reminis- cences of fires. The Superintendent suitably re- sponded. The brigade desire to thank all subscribers who contributed to the evening's enjoyment.

Now he

The susceptibility of chi'elren tl taking cold, and their tendencies toward bronaitis. we-k lungs, and other ailments, show that they lack vitaiity, ‘ehich nothing in the world will supply as well as Scott's Emulsion. This remedy is a special form of c liver-oil in conjunction with hypophosphitea of limn and soda and glycrine. It has been endorsed and prescribed by physicians for twenry-five years, and has never yet been successfully imitated. No other remedy in the market is like Scott's Emulsion, and no other form of cod-liver oil compares favourably with it.

Scott's Emulsion is so palatable that anybody cAn take it, and by making cod-liver oil rr.asy to digest it has placed this sovereign remedy within the reach of all who are weak. It is unnecesJary to burden the system with plain oil, because in Scott's Rnulsion this oil is in a partially digested frm and is readily absorbed into the blood without taxing the stomach.

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Heathside v. St. James'.

Played on Saturday at Arpley, and resulted in a win for the first named team by four °nolo tn nn. For the winners, goals were scored by E Mne (2), F Wood (1). and ft Corfield (1). The losers goal was scored by E Todd.

Warrington League. SECOND DIVISION.

TRINITY ATHLETIC V. LATCHFORD. —PlaFed at Lovely— lane on Saturday. The visitors started, Trinity having the best of the opening exchanges, attacking rig our ously. Latchfotd got going and after some fice work by the visitors' forwards L Green sent in a splendid shot which was rushed through, bemg soon followed with another by Tinckler. Half-time- Latchford, two goals; Trinity Athletic nil. Final result : L ttchford, two goals ; frinity Athletic, nil.

V arrington Cup. Third Round. Orford Barracks v. Newton-le-Willows.

At War.ingtoo. The visitors had the best of the open- ing exchanges, Horton and Leigh scoring in quick suc- cession. A combined movement by the visiting forwards ended in Kenny scoring. Kenny scored a fourth goal for Newton. The visitors maintained the pressure, Callaghan bringing off some man"( lleus saves before he was beaten by Hill. The soldiers attacked,Badger kick- ing over the bar. Leigh registered the sixth goal for ' Newton. Sanders scored for the locals. Newton again scored before the interval, Half., Imp Newton-lf- Willows, seven goals ; Orford Barracks, one On rearm- : log the soldiers pressed and scored. The visitors added three more goals before the call of time. Final : Newton- le-Willows, ten goals ; Orford Brrrarkr, two goals.

Warrington v. Winnington Park. Considerable interest was manifested in this tie at Warrington on Saturdty. It was ten minutes after the advertised time when Reeves kickrd before a good number of spsCators, but immediately the warrineton forwards, by clever passing, Resumed the aggressive. Harris, gaining possessien, raced down on the left but sent in a weak ground shot, Aspinall clearing easily. The borne front rank got going, Ball being robbed when attempting to shoot. Murray had a ehnt but sent wide. The home team continued to prose, '.rd the Winnington goal had Pottle narrow escapes. Why was applauded for some c'ever w,rk, but unfortunately Pierpnint alot over. Warrington kept up the pressure and Roger Pier. point shot in, Harlington making a lightning save. Winnington now had a turn at attacking, but, with a clever run, Sharplee relieved, end play was traasterred to the visitine quarters. The pack was a cracker. both teams striyire hard lo gain supre- macy. nothing tangible W.B done unto Rh --Ifflies scored amidst excitement. No wanner hsd the 601 hpen kick,d off than the home forwards got possesion aud Pierroint notched goal number two. Winnington made amenls, for Harris scored the first point. This reverse stirred the borne team, and Sharpies added the third point. Half-time was called with Warrino.on leading by three goals to one. In the second half play was of a morit even character, though Warrington maintained the upper hand and Riley scored the fou•th goal. This was neutral red by Harris scoring one for the visitors. Full time arrived wi,h the score :—Warring ton, four goals ; Winntngton Park, two goals.

Young Men's Pleasant Sunday Afternoon. An open meeting was held in the Friar';-green chapel on Sunday afternoon The chair VMS taken by Councillor William Roberts, aril an rd4reas was given by Mr G Thing, of Barlestown, on the evil of intemperance and gambling. Two solo werAB rendered by Mr Drir g, jun.. accompanier; by Mr W Barnes. The leaaons were rcad by S;r W Meakin.

is a bright, strong boy, attends school regularly.

and

CON ROY WALCO' (From a Photograph.)

70, Fairbridge Road, London, N., May sth, 1900. Dear Sirs,—l should be sadly wanting in gratitude if I did not do myself the great pleasure of writing to add my testimony to the unspeakable value of Scott's Emulsion of Cod-liver Oil. Our son, Cedric Walcot, now ten years contracted whooping cough when only one month old, which left lizm \-_-;ry weak at his chest, and for seven years he was always more or less breaking down with bronchitis, and laid up sometimes for weeks together; his mother and I began to fear we should never rear him. Abut two yelp ago we began to give him Scott's Emulsion. He took two 'Lir bottles, under which treatment he rapidly improved, gaining flesh, losihg cough, and he is now a well-grown boy, very bright, cheerful, attertd:; h ; school regularly, being now in average good health; and this happy oh -g I owe to your most valuable treatment. It is my lot in life to tray wide, and it will ever delight me to speak for, and give my experle c , this splendid treatment, wherever I may be, and when opportunity onca.z. Believe me, Ever sincerely and gratefully yours, (Signed) ERNEST WALC OT,

AdnitB ho suffer with chronic coughin bronchitis, loss cf flesh, or any anemic tendency will find Scott's Emulsion the most practical and effl;ient remedy they can take. I: is only necessary to be certain that you purchase the eenuine preparation, and this may readily be distinguished by our trade mark on the wrappor of ever: bottle.

A F ample of Scott's Emulsi( will be sent to any address Great Brian upon application, provided the name of this papa', is mentioned and threepence tor postage is enclosed. Applicationa for sampl.s shvuld be sent to Scott & Bowne, Limited, 95, Great Saffron H.II, London,E.C.

-**) ... 0 iii) . r 1 (ILI Al . ' , 1V+0_,..-.. \._,yett., I : "Zalba , ( , :li 0 il,!iffl\ i i '1 ‘:' 4;4° f• r i,,,(//„ ~.,/ ... ~ 1 1 , ~,,, , ~, :i , ..., // . 0 CEDRIC T.

...z45 -4, ...,01 i(. ( , ,01„ ri 1. • ' It tanB num

===== 0002601_19010215_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2s. nd per box, six boxes for 1.38. 9tl„ of all Chetnists ; or sent post free nil receipt of price by the DODD'S MEDICINE CO., 23, Farringclon-avenne, London, E.C.

So that you v, '..17,...C14V..75.

RITCHBN RANGES. %tie Grates, Marble and Wood Chimney pleon. J.S. GaataND,sl t 55. Bridge-st—Adv UN ORR TUE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS. -Ativt BRASS rt., DEB Suites ant Coal Vasea In large variety -4. S. GARLAND, 5: to 55, Bridge-street —Advt. BusT iILAOR BOOIS AND SHOES UNDER. T K CLOCK, BEIDGE-31:ItEET.--A.lvt. BLINDNESS. EYESIGHT RHSTOItmI). DISEASES OP THE

YN CURIO, without cperation. Book with full par- ticulars, free bypost on mentioninz this paper. Address W. MFLL,E, Bye Specialist. 2;6,oxfird roncl. Manhester•

===== 0002601_19010215_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT ' PARAGRAPTIS.

"DINES op TFIE DAY "—Pianoforte pupils. IN taking a man's measure do not judge by his sighs.

WHY is a used-up horse like a badplay? Because it can't run and won't draw. IF a woman doesn't gets fits from her dress- maker, her dressmaker gets them from her. THE card-writer's business is nearly always flour- ishing " AFTERNOON TEASE," buzzed the fly, as he gaily Capered on the bald head. A MAN jumped into the Thames last week, and it was said that there was a woman at the bott,m, of it. "I'm glad to see you're back again," said the funny man, as he brought is hand down heavily between his friend's /3 houlder-blules. "I HEAR your brothdr went to Klondike." "Yes ; he is now makfrg lots s,f dust." " What is he doing?" "Beating carpi Is." WHAT is the difference between a hungry man and a glutton ?—thie longs tu eat, and the other

, an'.' eats too long. TICKET Collector: "You don't expect those boys to travel with one ticket?" Fond Mother : "Of course, I do. They are twins." " Fon a while he was clear out of his mind about that girl." "And now?" "On, now the girl is clear out of his mind." WIFE (enthusiastically) : "How much do you think we took in at the bazaar ? " Husband (quietly) : " How many, you mean." Ha—" They have dropped their anchor." She —(her first trip)—" Serve them right. It has been hanging over the side all •day long, TEACHER (to class in geography)—" If I should dig a hole through the earth, where would I come out?" Small Boy—" Out of the hole." A WOMAN'S ideal of married life is generally an old couple in their dotage that sit around at meals squeezing each other's hands under the table. Rix—" Did you know your wife long before you married ? " Hix—" Not a minute, but I was silly enough to think I had known her for years." "War are you consulting the dictionary? I thought you knew how to spell." Tomdik—" I do. I am not looking for information, but for corroboration." JACK: "Have a cigar?" Tom: "No ; given up smoking." Jack : "When does the wed. ding take place?" THERE are more people, ercss-eyed in the tongue than in the eyes ; they talk one way while they are thinking the other. " Willa are you crying for, little boy?" "Because I've been whipped." And what were you whipped for ;" "Because I was crying." A MAN is always a hero to his wife because she knows he wouldn't have proposed to her unless he was very brave. Miss SIMPLE: "How do you suppose he came to propose to me?" Miss spiteful ; "Got tired of talking about the weather, probably." He: What a wretchedly bad play! I wonder the people don't hiss it.' She : " Well, they can't very well yawn and hiss at the same time !" SANDY M'Quinii (to porter), who has been about 10 minutes looking after his luggage—" Mon, as con-see-der ye've been verra obleegin'. Wull ye tak' a pench o' snuff ? " CHEAP AND NASTY.—Cutadaeh (puffing) : "Some people say tobacco is very bad for one." Sharpun : "I suppose that is why you always smoke cabbage- leaves ?" RANK FOLLY.—Boarding-heuse•keeper ; "How is the butter this morning, Mr. Smaggs ? " Boarder: "Let it speak for itself, madam; it's strong enough 1" Flo "Do you love me, sweet ?" Will : "Dearly." Flo: "Would you die for me ? " Will: "No, my precious girl; mine is an undying love."

WEBSTER : "You ought to do something for that cold of yours. A neglected cold often leads to serious consequences. Pose : "This one isn't neglected. Four or five hundred of my friends are looking after it." HE DESIRED To KNow.—Mrs. Scrappington (viciously) : "Even though you are my husband, you are a fool I" Mr. Scrappington : "Am I a fool because I am your husband, or am I your hus- band because I am a fool ?" "You told me this horse had won half a dozen matches against some of the best horses in the country. He can't trot a mile in six minutes to save him." "It was in ploughing matches that he took the prizes, sir." A CONSIDERATE GlRL.—Maude: "Why have you thrown Clarence overboard?" Madge: "I couldn't Marry a man with a broken nose. Maude: "How did his nose get broken?" Madge: "I struck him playing tennis." Tan Docrron "Queer saying that about truth lying at the bottoili of a well." The Lawyer: • You wouldn't think so if you knew the amount of pumping we lawyers sometimes have to do to get at it." "DEAR Charlie, if I marry you will you get up and make the fires in the morning?" "Darling girl, we will get married in the summer. Before winter you will get used to the idea of making the fires yourself." Has INTERPRETATION.—" Heavens!" shrieked the heroine; "I am undone!" "Come away, Si!" audibly remarked the old lady in the audience, 418 she arose; "I ain't a-goin' ter watch any die- robin' acts !"

Ca:m.l.°mm (in shoe store): " Will you warrant these shoes good?" Proprietor: "1 es, madam. If you don't find them as good as I tell you; you bring them back, and I'll make them good for nothing." BYLIGSBY : "I wish you joy, my dear sir. As an old friend of your father's, permit me to say that you will always look back on this day as the happiest in your life." Lamson : "Thank you; but it is to-morrow I am to be married." Bylesby : "I quite understand that." CIIRISTORPER North had a great hatred at the "Old do'" men who infested the streets. Coming from his class one day, a shabby Irishman asked him in the usual confidential manner, "Any old do', sir?" "No," replied the professor, imitat- ing the whisper; "no, my dear fellow—have you?" " MAUD, lam almost afraid to go and see your father." " You needn't be Harry. When he asks you if you can support me in the style to which I have been accustomed tell him that you can support me a great deal better than he could ever have done it it hadn't been for mamma's money." MRS. YOUNG: "I dreamt last night that mother was coming to stay with me for a month." Mr. Young : "Ah I dear me. Dreams always go by contraries." Mrs. Young: "And I also dreamt that you said I couldn't have a new dress." Mr. Young " H'm ! Funny, isn't it, how true some dreams come?" IMPROVING HIS MASTER'S PROPERTY.—in by- gone days in the United State l an old slave argued that, as his body belonge 1 to the master, if he atE the mister's chickens, the chicken were still his, and no theft had been committed. His mastei remonstrated with him ior eating a chicken, when the slave replied : "Well, mesa, you'ss got ltst eh cken, but you'se got more niggah !" A 'TUNEFUL MELOOY.—Th3 daughter of a country rector taught the choir bsys a new tune at a Monday evening's practice, to be sung on the following Sunday morning. " Well, Johnny," said Miss X—, "I hope you haven't forg.tten the new tune, for we depend much on you.' " Naw, mum, not a bit. Why, I've been a-sSeer- ing the crows aith it all the week." HER TRUST.—Going sn'illingly up to his mother, Tommy said: "Ma, haven't I been a good boy since I began going to Sunday-school ?' " Yes, My lamb,' answered the mother, fondly. " And yon trust me now, don't you ma ?" " Yes, dar- ing." "Then what makes you keep the mince. Pies locked up in the pantry the same as ever?" IT is said of a gentleman that he had a passion for the purchatie of second-hand furniture at auctions, and that, in making "good bargains," he had filled his house with antiquated and almost Useless articles. Upon one occasion, his wife took the responsibility, without consulting or apprising her husband, to have a portion of the least useful removed to an auction-room. Great was her dis- may, and her extreme astonishment, when, on the evening of the day of sale, a majority of the articles Came back to the house. The husband had stumblik into the auction-room, and, not knowing kis ow' fnaniture, had purchasod it at better bargains that at first.

OLD FUSE TEETH BOUGHT. F.,M*1113, ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disused ....Se teeth. which might as well be turned into money Messrs 11, D and 3 B Fraser, of Princes-street, Ipswich (established since 1833) buy old false teeth. If you ser..l Your teeth to them they will remit you by return post the !Inmost value ; or, if pr,ferred they will make you the best mer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If reference "eenery. apply to Messrs. BA.CIN & Co., Bankers Ipswich

===== 0002601_19010215_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Pt' -22 ..22 ..22 ..19 ~19 ..13 ..15 ..13 "4 - 4 , 0 1 19

===== 0002601_19010215_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Showingthe' ary Post Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

1 -10 ..

2-15 p.m.

Sumi-Orrioui "Ashton Collins Green "Golborne Loy; ton Stubshi,w Cross Winwiek.. "Witrgrave

WALL Boxiss— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge; Preston Junction Church-st., Go'borne Leah Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place). parcels are despatched 11 own at 9 a.m. and 6p.m. me as letters.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r .m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 P.m. "These are lelegraph Oftces also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 a '1 p.m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.30 a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 940 a.m.

10-35 a.m

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nti.

I NU. 10-15 am. Nil.

~ from tnei Receiving Office at Earle L.; from all Sub-Offices at the

S FOLLOWS :- 1 To I By Callers. Postmen. , 7-0 sari.

7-0 a.m. Ik3-30 10-45 . ,

tll-30 , ,

1.1145 } 12-0

12-15 p.•n

2-15 , 13-15 ~

11-30 a.m.

3-15 a.m.

6-30 p.m.

8-30 .. 9-15., I}4

===== 0002601_19010215_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AI

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, He'shy, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northam- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, ioutimort,Prescot. Wigan, Orme- kirk Whin,'. & Earlestom n London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland cilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, Sastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, W JDlsten, Stockton Heath and Stretton LondOn & Foreign, south, and East ',ln Counties

===== 0002601_19010215_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ALL KINDS OF

2-20 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

)ItINTING, 1300KBINDINpf, AND LIVIOGRAPIIING,

J. WALKER & CO (ifirp 11AXAMTNER OFFICF!

===== 0002601_19010215_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE EXA-

===== 0002601_19010215_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. A. H. CROSFIELD AT THE LIBERAL CLUB.

Distribution of Billiard Handicap

Prizes.

M

An enjoyable smoking co ecert was provided in the Reading Room at the Warrington Liberal Club on Thursday last week in connection with the annual distribution of prizes gained in the billiard handi- cap. Mr. A. H. Crosfield, the esteemed president, of Ithe club, occupied the chair, and amongst those Ipresent were Councillors linnion and Plumpton, Mr J E Warren, Mr J Critchley, Mr Locker' Mr Bibby, Mr Hibbert, Mr Ford and Mr Thomas Pem- berton (secretary). Dr R Smith wrote apologising for his non-attendaace. An excellent programme lof vocal and instrumental items was sub- mitted, and the efforts of the artistes were very successful. The solos by Messrs Woods Hassell and Gough were given in such an lexcellent manner as to secure enthusiastic encores. Mr W Whittaker delighted the audience with his inimitable whistling solos and Mr F Davies proved himself a beautiful executant on the oboe. The humour of the evening was supplied by Mr H Price and Mr E A Sanders. The former contributed comic songs and Mr Sanders gave some h amorous sketches which kept the audience in roars of laughter. The duties of accompanist were efficiently discharged by Mr W Critchley. During an interval in the programme Councillor Tinnion stated that it had been suggested that he should propose a vote of thanks to Mr A H Crosfield for his generosity in presenting the billiard handl- ' can prizes. The members of the club took a keen in- terest in the billiard handicaps, and he was sure that that was not only a source of pleasure to the committee, but also to Mr A El Crosfield. (Hear, II hear). The handicap in question was a record one lin point of numbers for it was taken part in by 140 members as against 130 in the handicap that preceded it. The happiest relations existed between the members of the club and the committee generally. There was never a time when the committee worked harder for the beet interests of the club and the happiness and convenience of the members, and hei,believed there was never a time when the member a so cordially appreciated the disinterested labours of the committee. (Hear, hear.) Apart from that they had an,excellent presi- dent— (applause)—a gentleman who was prepared and who was also willing to do all he possibly could to further the best interests of the Liberal Club and the Liberal party in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Unless Mr Crosfield had come forward with his usual generosity they would not have had the excellent prizes which they now saw. He (Councillor Tinniun took a special interest in this year's prizes because he happened to be one of the winners. (Applause.) He was afraid that increasing years had a tendency to decrease the quality of his billiard play,but still he persevered, and like a good many others, whether he won or lost, he enjoyed the game In the recent handicap they had some splendid games and the interest in the game tended very largely to help the social element of the club. Billiards were only another form of education. The game demanded patience, tacc,a bit of cunning, and above all, perseverance and care, and if they only applied these good qualities to their every-day work they would be all the better' men for it. (Applause). Councillor Plumpton seconded the vote of-thanks and said that with respect to these gatherings they had to thank their president for the occasion of them. He did not think there wai a man anywhere who took a greater interest in the recreation and in the interests of the working-classes than Mr A H Crosfield did. (Hear, hear.) He had done much to keep alive an interest in the Liberal Club, and every member thanked him for his assistance. They hoped they might have Mr Crosfield with them many years to come and that they might yet see him in a more prominent position than he at present occupied. .(Applause.) He (Councillor Plumpton) felt sure that the day would come. (dear, hear.) He did not want to talk politics but he ventured to express the opinion that at the present time the trade of Warrington was not represented in Parlia- ment, but it they could return Mr Crosfield the trade and commerce of the town and the interests of working classes in general would be properly represented. (Hear, hear.) 'rhe proposition was then put to the meeting and carried with enthusiasm.

Mr A H Crosfield, who on rising to reply was heartily cheered, said he had given a litila subscrip- tion to these prizes; that was his share in the proceedings, He hoped be might be allowed to say that what Councillor Plumpton had told them of his (Mr Crosfield's) interest in the relaxations of the working-classes and the middle-classes, so far as he had been able to assist them or forward them, had always afforded him an unmixed pleasure. There were many questions on which it was rather difficult to arrive at as just and wise conclusion, but about this healthy relaxation for those who had to do the hard work of the world, whether it be indoor relaxation or out- door relaxation, it Was iMpOQSibis to have two opinions. (Hear, hear.) It had alwaysibeen a great pleasure to him to participate in a small way in furthering the interests of sport and the interests of gam. es, partly because one liked to see other people enjoy themselvee,jast as you liked to enjoy yourself and partly because he came of a family which had always taken a pretty keen interest in games. Sometimes they saw people shaking their heads and saying that the English people were rather too much given to games. Of course there Was moderation in all things and we had got to work with our brains and our muscles, and put our best foot foremost, there was no doubt, if we were to bold our own in the competition of the present day. Personally he did not keep his nose to the grindstone quite as close as he did (hear, hear and laughter)—but still the major por- tion of his life was wrapped up in the trade with which he wasUssociated. and for which he had been and still was, the honorary secretary. He had seen good deal of the pressure and competition that existed in trade and it had been a very great lesson to him. Most emphatically he believed, we were not going to succeed any better, whether as direc- tors,*managers, employers foremen or workmen, if we left behind us the old traditions of Englishmen who had been natty with their hands and clever with their games and who had been better men 1 better workers and he contended,the better citizens for it. (Applause.) He thought there was one other feature that was worth alluding to, These games, whether it be football, cricket, billiards or golf—(A Voice : "Bowls")—yes and bowls—brought them to- gether very pleaeantly—(hear, bear)—and like music and other civilising influences, helped to ' perpetuate a good feeling between the different classes of the people and that was a very necessary thing in the years that were before us (Applause.) If there were time and if that were the occasion, perhaps one might be inclined to do what one had done before, and that was to intersperse a few re- marks upon politics, but he thought they had better reserve any politics for another occasion. In conclusion Mr Crosfield alluded to the approaching visit of Stevenson to the Liberal Club to play an exhibition game of billiards, and faceti, ously remarked that he (Mr Crosfield) would have to firid time to work up what little faculty he had for the game of billiards because their excellent secretary wrote him a letter that rather took his breath away. In fact he told him he would have to , see what he could do in playing this successor to 'Roberts. (Hear, hear.) In an interesting way, Mr Crosfield proceeded to refer to a game be had with Gaskell, whom he considered the most artistic and scientific amateur he had ever seen handle a cue, a gentleman who beat Fry the only time he played him for the amateur championship of England. He thought it was a very good idea to get Steven- son down. He was quite sure they would have a great treat in watching Stevens3n, and no one would be more pleased than himself, even if he (Mr Crosfield) was beaten by 799. (Laughter). Mr. Crosfield then proceeded to distribute the prizes, and congratulated the winners. He hoped the club would contitie to beat records. (Appleuse). The following received prizes :-Ist prize, flower stand, Thomas Maguire; 2nd, fern pot lamp, J Jennings ; 3rd, case of carvers, A .1 Jones ; 4h, tea- pot, R smith ; sth, cruet, W Woods ; 6th, clock. U Grounds; 7th, hot water jug. J lialliwell ; Bth, barometer, W H Hibbert ; 9th, biscuit jar, W Critchley ; 10th, butter dish, J NlcKenzie ; 11th. breakfast cruet, F Davies; 12th, crumb scoop, J Knowles ; 13th, toast rack, id Tinnion ; 14'1, match box, A Sanders ; 15th, spirit flisk, J Wilcock ; lfith, marmalade dish, C Bawling.

CADBURY'S CSC BA IS absolutely pure, being entirely free from kola, malt, hops, alkali, or any foreign admixture Caution I The nubile should insist on having CADBURY'S —sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profilt.—Advt. (4)

INER FRIDAY FEBRUARY 15 1901.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR RINGTON FOOTBALL :CLUB.

7!FIXTURES AND—SCORES. 1900 Sept. For Agkt 1 Widnes 1 away 6 3 8 Salford i home:10 7 15 St. Helens home 0 0 22 Stockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 6 6 Oct. 6 Swlnton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 20 Canc. v Cumber. away 21 2 20 Altrincham home 22 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov. ¢3 Lane. v York ............ ' home 24 5 3 Widnes(i.W.L.Aß.T, Oup.bomp)home 20 7 10 Rochdale Hornets home 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 „.., • 24 St. Helens away 7 o Dee.

i —Widnes borne 10 7 8 Lane. v Cheshire away 30 0 8 Altrineham away 19 0 15 Salford. away 0 13 22 Oldham home 0 6 24 St Helens (i W.L.&8.T.0 Consp)home 6 5 26 Sunrorn home 0 2 E 9 Rochdale Hornets away 3 2 Jan. 1 Mannlngham away 26 3 6 Swinton away 0 11 12 Wigan home 8 7 19 Mlllom away 2 3 26 Barrow home 2 2 Feb. - - _

Leigh away 0 5 Broughton Rangers home 1.3 Stockport home Mar. 2 Cup Tie 9 Cup Tie 16 23 Cup Tie 3) Cup Tie Apt 6 Good Friday

6 Pdillom ' home 8 B M Leigh home 13 Semi-Final 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

RUNCORN FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. Pt', Sept. For Agit 1 Barrow home 10 5 -.-

ii iw-Inton away 0 17 , 15 Broughtonßangers home 8 0 22 St Helens away 11 0 29 MIRom away 5 0 Oct. 6 Oldham home 6 2 13 Widnes away 0 10 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 40 27 Warrington home 10 8 Nov. 3 Stockport away 6 n 10 Cheshire v Cumberland. Cheshire 11 3 17 Wigan home 34 6 24 Seltord ,... away 10 11 Dec. 1 Barrow . away 4 8 8 Cheshire v Laneashire Cheshire 0 30 16 Stockport home 17 2 22 Wigan away 5 ' 26 Warrington away 2 29 Leigh home 15 1901. Jan. 1 Birkenhead Wanderers home 19

5 Hoebdtale Hornets away 8 12 Millom home 22 19 Leigh 26 Salford home 4

9 Broughton Rangers away 2 16 St. Helens borne 23 Oldham • away Mar, 2 Cup tie 9 Cup tie 23 Cup tie 30 Cup tie

- - , Apl. 6 (Good Friday). 6 Widnes horn.

Ti1:170 th Securlty in A fey 'Tore on the tootlitamti every mauling ER'S -- 1 ~‘ IILER Small Pill. bruall Loae. sozoDoNT Jg PILLS Small Price • Will iiiateeten tlit; Death all day, and make ad the difference be: (thialutely cure Sick Headache, twe'n— Bdiouaaess, "Ilorpal Liver, ladi• lend Teeth and Bed Teeth. ge.siion. Constipation. Dizziness. 'ffbil... c'eeth and Ye low Teeth. r F red TonLve. They Touch the Ltver. Pretty 'leeth and Ugly Teeth Kci; rare they ars plizLrEct.•;. c omp lei,e -ro .iln rw. „.r.,.--,.7 -..1

JOHN WALKER AND CO

PEOPRIBTODS OF THE

WARRINGTON AND MID•CHESIIIRE EXAMINER.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER,

111',Fk miLs

===== 0002601_19010215_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN EXAMINER.

WIDNES EXAMINER.

ST. HELENS EXAMINER:

===== 0002601_19010215_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWLE'sPI"sv,RE2IATILLS . FOR FEMALES. gummy corsair? am ranrormarrrras. ILIMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with fl sex. Do xes,llll 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO ‘VLE & Co, Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Dere, o Itnitatinns. i 'urious and worfhlost

===== 0002601_19010215_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A Box.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
, 1 ..-I":"..tA,'t .'" r, , , 'l.. • , . . . , ..,.,,.. 'A...,:. . .Fe • . . ~- , ..1 d .. P I L .4,-1/4i4: '::::

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headacho, Constipation, Wind.

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liuer & Ferraa:e

===== 0002601_19010215_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE TO-DAY

. 4.'• 44.'4 ,

===== 0002601_19010215_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

htuition is the feminine of guess. The well-bred man is never rude uninten- tionally. Nothing is worse for a society reputation than to be suspected of wishing to please. Lovil makes the world go round, but the disap- pointed lover is likely to consider it flat. nEonv and practice are two very different things, as any young lawyer will tell you. PATIENT : "Oh, doctor, if I could only die"--

DOC:1;T "I'm doing my flest for you." - A MAN is never so willing to do the square thing an when he gets in a hole. The foolish and the dead alone never change the,r opinions. HUSBAND (to very old frienci).—" Strange, but my wife always wants me to rein Ember her birth- day, but to forget her age."

"SHE refused him, as she thoukt that he would propose again." "And did he "Oh, yes. But it was to another girl." " YOUR husbcul is so amiable." "Yes, he acts that was in public, so people will think the baby takes after me." HE: "I saw you at the theatre the other night. Wasn't it immense?" She: " What ? The performance?" He: "No. Your hat."

AFTER THE SERVICE.—She : "I don't believe there was a hat in church t;:-day that I didn't see." : "Except the one that was passed for the collection." Docroß:. "After this you ought to sleep like a baby." Patient (anxiously): "I hope you don't ratan like my bal3,, doctor." TEACHER : "Have you learned the Golden }tale, Tommy ?" Tommy: ies'm. It is to do to other people like they would do to you." Docroß (to patient with smashed ribs and gene- ra.ly dilapidated appearance): "Have you been kicked?" " Lor', no sir, I ain't got a husband." FUREY "There are people who make a cloak of religion." Duddy: "I know. It is a bad habit!

"WELL, "I'm glad o' one thing. Our Jim seems to have good religious comp'ny." "How is that, moiher ? ' "His last letter says he's comin' home in a converted yacht." HE (in favour of keeping house); "But, my dear, you would not like to spend your married life in a boarding-house?" She: "Oh, my, no We could go to the theatre or opera nearly every night.' "How did you learn to skate?" a little boy was asked. "Oh," was the innocent but signi- ficant answer, "by getting up every time I fell down." Miss Mainz : "I suppose I am foolish. But then you cannot put an old head on young shoulders." Old Totterly (eagerly): "I've got one you can." IT is said that one cannot dance without paying the piper; but, at the same time, one may pipe without being able to collect much from some of the dancers. .

The funniest thing about the man who dyes his hair is that he thinks he can fool her people.

_ _ "What are you going to be when you grow up, Tommy?" asked the visitor. "I think," said Tommy, thoughtfully, "that I shall be same- body's ancestor." EMPTY TALK.—Higgins Hall: "Have you heard that empty box story?" Rustic Bridge "No.' Higgins Hall: "It's just as well you haven't; there's nothing in it." Two SIDE9.—Mrs. Call: "It's too bad of you, Ethel, to worry your mamma so." Ethel (aged five): "Oh, well, Mrs. Call, if you'd lived with mamma as long as I have you'd know which of u. was to blame."

Too SMALT, TO ANNOY HlM.—The Visiting Clergyman: "Didn't you ever listen to the still small voice?" The Flippant Convict: "Oh, I didn't mind a little thing like that." _ _ _

AT HIS TRADE.—HaI Counter: "So she did not accept you?" Sam Shoeseller : "No; got down on my knees to propose, then forgot what I was there for, and asked her what size shoe she wore."

How is Tao ?—" Always do right and your friends will stand by you.' "Yes, but the time a man needs friends to stand by him is when he does wrong." SHE: "Why is it, I wonder' that little men so often marry large women?" He: I don't know' unless it is that the little fellows are afraid to back out of engagements." "Is this a fast train!" asked the travelling man of the porter. "Of course it is," was the reply. "I thought so; would you mind my getting out to see what it is fast to." REMENYI says: "Genius is the power a man has to kindle his own fire." Nonsense. It ia genius that enables a man to lie in bed while someone else kindles the fire for him. "ONE half of the world don't know how the other half lives," exclaimed a gossiping woman. "Oh, well," said her neighbour, "don't worry about it; 'tisn't your fault if they don't know." _ _ _

Two little chaps were overheard discussing the age of a third, and then one reflectively remarked: "Well, I don't exactly know how old Charlie is; but he must be old, for he blows Ws own nose."

"DOCTOR," said the grateful patient, seizing the physician's hand, "I shall never forget that to you I owe my life." "You exaggerate," returned the doctor, mildly. "You owe me only fifteen visits."

• _ DEACON JOHNSON : "It's one ob de frailities oh our poor human nature dat no mattah how much a man gits he wants more." Jim Jackson (thought- fully) : "Oh, I dunno 'bout dat ; net in a Police- court, he don't."

THE steamer rolled and pitched in the waves. "Dear boy," groaned Cholly, at the end of his first hour "promise me you will send my remains home to my people." A second hour passed. "Dear boy," feebly moaned Cholly, "you needn't send my remains home. There won't be any." _

CORN-ERED.—" Do you mean to tell me," said the passerby, suspiciously, "that you were wounded during the war?" "Dat's what I intended to express," replied Meandering Mike uneasily. "When, where and how ?° "Well, only in a general way. Every time I t'ought'of enlistin' it hurt my feelin's." ONLY ONE Osnr.criorr.—The two girls were look- ing over the wares in the book store. "Do you admire Dickens ? " asked one of them. " Yes," replied the other ponderingly, "but I think he would be handsomer if he didn't wear whiskers." "Two little tote were watching the clouds lit-ar the horizon one evening, when one exclaimed: " Oh, see the sheet lightning !" Shortly after there was a smaller flash from the same cloud, and the other cried out: "Oh, and there is some pillow- case lightning 1" COERCION.—Mrs. Shrill: "So you won't get me that new bonnet?" Mr. S. : "No, I won't." Mrs. S. : "Very well, then; I'll go to every tem- perance meeting that comes here, and people will think the reason I am not decently dressed is because you have ~aken to drink."

Two ladies who vi ere lodging together in a North of Scotland to'. , ere asked in the morningby their landlady how hey slept. "Oh, very well, was the reply. Nae wonner I" said the landlady with a touch or pride in her tones, "ye were sleepin' in my best funeral sheets 1" PRIDE.—" No George, don't aek me. I can't ger down the fire escape with all those people looking." "You must. You'll be burned to death if you staop here." "I can't help it, George. I wouldn't go down that ladder for all the world. These shoes I have on are two sizes too large for me " LADIES AND THE CYCLE.—Two Dundee cronies— Tarn Skeen and Jeems Baxter—were taking their usual stroll the other evening when they saw a number of elderly lady cyclists scorching east- wards. "Man, Jeems, says Tam, "I believe cycling 'll dae a lot u' guid tae weemen ; it'll keep them trae gossiping eboot their neei,nrs." "Well, Tam, I canna see hoo that cou'd be," replied Jeems. "I'm inclined tae think that it helps them tae run founk doon mair than ever." A RESPONSIBLE POSITION.—A mistress told her maid, Bettie, that she must not do things on her own responsibility, but first ask permission. The next day Bettie walked into the parlour and said, politely "Please, madam, the cat is eating the duck in the pantry; must I stop her?"

CYCLA-1 I Imm lk lf SIC IiARGAINS. FrO3 ~...... ',. NW , - Illustnied List. 1.500 New and Sc 'end- '.:4er ell._ band Machines, :13, to £5. 500 New Machines. 1931 make, from £2 178. 63. , - -'" Single Machine at wholesale prices. Accessories. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.—WAßßlLOW & Co., Weston-super-Mare ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH.CLASS MINIMAL 11ATIIRS.—Advt

TO CITED A COLD IN ONE DAY Take Laxative Brume Quinine Tablets. AU Druggists re- nd the money if It fails to cure. lili. The genuine is aiamped L. B. Q. -74dvt.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
iLttters to the ebttor.

Suggested Queen Victoria Memorial

in Warrington.

Sir,—lt the present time when so many of our prin- cipal towns are considering the most fitting way to commemorate the memo.y of our late beloved Queen Victoria, I have wandered how we in this town could rise to the occasioo,and it has occurred to me that some scheme might be formulated to give everyone an oppor- tunity of contributing. The population of Warrington being about 60,000 I would suggest that 60.000 shilliags be subscribed, th is one shilling for each person, that a Roll be opened in which every subscriber be entitled to sign their name and when completed deposited in the Warrington Museum. This would make a total of £3.000 with which I rug- ge t the authorities of the Ihfirmary be asked to set apart a ward to ho called " The Queen Victoria Me- morial Ward." It is well known our departed Queen was interested in these noble institutions and I trust this or some similar scheme will:appeal to the hearts of all our loyal townspeople.

F. PENDLEBURY,

===== 0002601_19010215_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Holly Villa, Bewsey t. oad. The United Mission of the Free Churches.

Sir,—May I venture, through your kinclaees, to in- vite the attmtion of our readers of your widely circul- ated journal to the Special Evangelistic Mission which Is to be opened on Sunday in this town It may be explained that this mission is psrt of a simultaneous movement that will begin on Sunday in nearly or quire all the cities and town, of this country. Not only is the movement simultaneous, it is also united. All the Free Evangelical Churches in the country are combined in the pro- motion of this great endeavour for the furtherance of religion. The scheme has been originated by the Column of the National Federation of the Five Churches, and is being heartily and unanimously supported by the leaders, both lay and ministerial, of the various Evan- gelical Denominations. Never before has so broad and uaited an effort been attempted, or oven devised. The conviction now etiolating the Fres Churches is that their points of difference are absolutely nothing in coa- -1 parison with their infinitely more important points of agreement. Sectarian aims, and preferences of ecclesi- astical policy, are being fergotten in the intense desire to eommend the Gospel to the people, and to commence this New Century by a loud, and earnest and unani- mous call upon (Jur fellow countrymen to consider the Sovereign claims of God and the urgent and paramount needs of their own highest welfare. There is no need for me to state here the details of the Mission arrangements, as they appear in your adver- tising columns. I may however,make a brief, but nine the less cordial, reference to the Missioner, the Rev. John Gould, of Cambridge. This gentleman comes to the Mission upon the suggestion of the National Connell, which has taken utmost pains to select and suggest able and experienced Misssioners to the several localities. Mr Gould, is I understand, a stranger to this town, but up- on his visit several weeks ago to meet the workers who will assist him in this Mission. he created the happiest impression, and we are confidently anticipating that both his words and his methods will meet with general and cordial acceptance. My desire in this letter is to ask for the Mission the interest and the sympathy of your readers of all sects and parties. It is encouraging to know that when, the week before last, this movement was commenced in London it created very great interest both in the Press and among the people generally. The Inaugural Service was held, by special permission of the City Authorities, In the Guildhall, and was attended in state by the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs, and by large numbers of the leading citizens. Throughout the country, interest is being awakened, and local leaders have been encouraged in many instances by words.! grsod will from clergy and members of the Established Church. It is being widely recognized that the movement is not one of self-intereit or of Nonconformist or Denominational motive, but one that is entirely Christian and patriotic. And therefore, Sir, I venture to appeal to your readers and to yourself to aid us in this movement in every way that may be possible. On behalf of the Elecutive Committee of !ha War- rington Free Church C•uncil, I am. yours faithfully, JOHN YONGE, President. February 14th, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES AND RUNCORN BRIDGE . COMPANY, LIMITED.

The first meeting of the shareholders of this company, which has been formed for the purpose of constructing a transporter bridge across the river Kelsey between Widnes and Runcorn, was held on Monday afternoon. at the offices of the company, in Liverpool. Sir John Brunner, Bart., M.P., chairman of the company, occu- pied the chair, and there were present Mr 11 Setoo-Karr, M.P. Mai J W Wareing, Mr Holbrook Gaskell ion, J.P., Alderman H S Timmis,J.P., directors ; Messrs. Oppenheim and Alsop (solicitore), Stables (secre- AM). J J Webster, M.I.C,E. (joint engineer),R Garnett, R H Poluett, D M'Kechnie. R L Neilson, W Handley, J.P., F J Poole, J Mercer, G J Rimmer jun., and other shareholders. The Chairman informed the shareholders that the whole ot the capital had • been subscribed, and that the directors had spent Mout £4OO in advertising, issniog of prospectus, Zre., in order to raise the capital. The Local Government Board had arranged to hold local ioquiries this week, at Runcrrn on Thursday and at Widnes en Friday, into the applications of the local authorities of those districts for sanction to borrow money wherewith to inwnt in that company (Widnes £25 000 and Runcorn £10,000). Be had no fear that serious obj-ction would be raised by toe rat payers of either town to the action of their councils. The two local authorities were heartily with them, and he thought that the whole of the public of Lancashire and Cheshire were satisfied that they had undertaken a piece of work tbat would he greatly to tile advantage of the two counties, especially of those two important towns—Widnes and Ruecorn. The Board had instructed their engineers, Wain Webdter and Wood, to proceed with their:working drawings, which would probsb'y be ready within three months. The Chairman proposed that the number of directors be increased to nine, remarking that this was done to enable the Widnes Town Council to have two representa- tives and the Runcorn Urban District Council one repro. sentative on the board. Mr Seton-Karr, M.P., seconded, and the motion was carried. Sir J T Brunner, Batt., M.P., Mr II Seten-Karr, M.P., Mr D Wade Deacon, J.P.,C.4.. Mr Flollarook Gaskell, Jun., J.P., Alderman H S Jimmie, LP., and Major J W Wareing were unanimously appointed directors, and Messrs J W Davidson and B Cookson were appointed auditors.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT FREE CHURCH

MISSION.

Runcorn.

From February 16th to February 28th next, the Free Church Council of Runcorn will ho!d a simultaneous mission at Su Paul's Church, Runcorn. For weeks past, and particularly since the commencement of the New Century, the pastors from their respective rostrums have told the people that s great work was about to be com- menced, having for its object the furthering of" the Master's coming," "For He shall come when the harvest is ripe," and how better can we ripen tbe hazy' •; than by the nurturing and fostering, the tendering and we- l- ing of the plants we see around U 9. Work of this kind can alone 10 accomplished by the missioner, and the great question with us shnuld be, are we going to aid in the great undertaking ? How often have we not satirically put it : " Talk of missions abroad ; there is more need for them at home ! " And now we have one within cur midst are we going to withhold ? To stand aloof and g.tza upon others struggling with a task to great for them, whilst the very aid we refine is all that hinders their success, would be a reproach to us for ever. The Rev Alfred Wells (St. ) se:11 officiate as , missioner, and such is the tur.n of the miresters of the other Free Clourches,that they have with one accord; worthy of the great cause, consented to act es his assistants. Another happy augury I for a successful campaign against sin, lathe fact thitt the choirs of the churcheo are perfectly united. Thus with one heart the " Peals° of the Lord " may (mend ; whilst, amid the congregation, the sweetest strains of lovely mission hymns may soften the hearts and cause many cords of memory to bring back the soul to God: The order of service is :—Sundav s, 10.20, 2.30, and 6 0 week nights, 7 15 ; noon-day prayer meetings, 12.30 to 1 ; afteiiloon Bible readings, 3to 4 o'clock. spEeil meetings will also be held as follows :—Workers Meet- ing, Saturday Februo, ; 113th at 7, (Administration of the Lord's Supper), Young Peoples' S-rvice, Sunday afternoon, February 17th at 2 30; Service for Wonaea only, Monday afternoon, February 18th, in Brunswieb: School, at 230; Set vice for men only, Sunday afternoon. February 24th, in Bethesda Church, at 230. A hearty welcome is extended to all. Hymn books will be pro- vided, and everything done to make us realise we are hound together in one great Christian Bond. For par ieutars of pulpit changes &c., see programmes.

Temporary Authority. At the Borough Police Court on Wednesday, Daniel McEvoy was granted temporary authority to sell at the "Golden Grove Inn, in lieu of Tom Balshaw.

DELICIOUS MAZAINATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZEtWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA SOE AGENTS : HENRY MILLING AND CO.. LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 6. HORBEMARKET-STREET, WARIIINGTOIf.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15 1901.

LATEST NEWS.

OPENING OF PARLIAMENT The King Reads His Speech.

Ilia Majesty, King Edward VII.. accompanie I by tbe Queen Consort, yesterday opened Parliament in person. '

On the arrival of the Speaker, attended by mam- bas of tne Lawer 13ouse, the Lord Chancellor handed the King's Speech to his Majesty, who rose, his action being followed by every one in the chamber. Then in a clear voce, ths King read his speech which referred to the war, Cniaese f airs, the programme of legislation, army refaras, a I the atn.?ndment of the E lunation Act. At the conchasion he resumed his seat, but rose almost immediately, and taking th Q een's right hand he led her down the steps of the throne The procession was thereupon reformed, and the King and Queen passed out through the door to the left of the throne, and through tile lines of Guards who were there ac a guard of honour to their Majesties.

The whole ceremony was brilliant in the extreme, and tho King and Q neirs performed their allotted parte with dignity and stateliness. The Q leen's grscious manner won the heartslof

===== 0002601_19010215_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Battle With De Wet.

A " Lond on Evening News " telegram states that Boers under De Wet entered Cape Colony and occupied P hillipstown on Wednesday. They were attacked by British and driven out of the town with loss.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
The " Fighting Fortieth" at Spion Kop. A Warrington Sergeant's Bravery.

Included in the long list of officers, nos-com- missiened officers, and men brouzbt to the netice of the Government by General Buller for distin- guished and gallant service in the Ladysmith opera- tions are the following : Distinguished Conduct,

let Batt. South Lancashire Regiment.—Sergeant Price, January 24, Spion Kop ; Conspicuous bravery in controlling his section under very heavy fire,and as a volunteer, traversed 200 yards under a very heavy fire to assist a signaller Private Brighouse, February 27: Displayed great coolness and re- source under heavy flre,and when severely wounded in the side insisted on removing his own accoutre- ments and attempted to dress his own wound while remainder kept up rifle fire. Sergeant Price ia a Warrington man, and previous to his leaving for the front with the South Lanca- shire reservists, was employed at the works of Messrs Pearson and Knowles. The recognition of his gallantry has given great satisfaction to his numerous friends, Special Mention.

Sir Redvers calls attention to other officers, non— commissioned officers, and men whose services de- serve " special mention." The list includes Second- Lieu. C H Marsh, Ist Batt. S. Lancashire Regiment. "The gallant conduct of this 'young 'officer on February 27th was brought specially to my notice. After his company commander was wounded he behaved in a most gallant manner, encouraging his men, who were exposed to a heavy shrapnel, machine-gun, and rifle fire. A wound which he had received on January 23rd bad broken out and was bleeding." Gallant and Meritorious Conduct.

- Ameng those named as having been brought to I General Buller's notice for gallant and meritorious services is the following:— let Battalion South Lancashire Regiment.— Private P. Coulter.

EAR LEST OWN & NEWTON P.S,A. The usual weekly me eting of the Earlestown and District P.S.A. Society, was held in the Cooperativt, Hall on Sunday afternoon. Mr A Morris pre•ided, and there was a very fair attendance. Ms interes- ting address was given by Mr Hickman of WArring- ton, Vocal items were submitted by Mies 0 Roberts and recitations by Mr J Astall.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

A WELL-KNOWN SWIMMER AND MIS WIFE. At St. Helens Police Court, on Monday, Robert Sher rock. of Ashcroft-street, St. Helens, the well-known swimmer and international water-polo player, was sum- moned for deserting his wife, Alice. Mr H L Riley appeared for the complainant and Mr E W Swift for ths defendant.—Mr Riley stated that the defendant had dis- tinguished himself as a swimmer and water-polo player. Two years ago he joined the White Star Club at Liver pool, and obtained wort under the White Star Com- pany, where he got good wages. They took a house at Bootle and lived comfortably far some time. Five weeks ago he called in a broker and sold up the house for £lO, out of which be gave her £4 lea and told her she could Ilko where she liked as he was returning to his mother's house at St. Helens. Mrs Sharrock followed him to St Helens, and the outcome was those proceedings.—Mr Swift applied for an adjournment on the ground that the defendant had offered to get work and take his wife bask again.—Mr Riley opposed, and &eked for an ender of maintenance uprm the defendant—The bench granted a generation. and ordered the defendant to pay 10,1 per week to his wife.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
SUICIOR ON A KLEPTOMANIAC.

Oa Mouthy at Sc. noises Town Hall, Mr:9 Brighouse, eaunty coroner, held an inquest on the:body of Thomas Sh lc. 41 years of age, a bilseksmith's striker, of - r who was found drown' d in a plot of water at D3nton's G aon Friday last. Mr Linnell (M€ sr Ansdell and F -yes) appcared for the r.lvior-i. Evidec,e ac 33 g'vea :hat on the previous Monday, tc was fined 10a for stealing a can, at the polio-- c met. The fine was paid, and Sharrock was not sc ,n alive after Monday afternoon —Mr Liana!l said there was no need foe such thefts', as he had a considerable sum of money at the bank.—The Coroner said he under- stood he rya% rather nt.:c in his waye.—Mary Hall houzekenr ,r to deceased's father, aaid there was ro necessity for him to commit the theft; he had work and money. He was a teetotaler, and she could give no reason why he should steal.—Detective Hughei remarked that there were two previoua convictions against Sher- rock.—The C3roner remarked hat he was informed by Mr Linnell that Shartock had £l6O in the Parr's Bank and owned some shares in a building society. He was evidently a kleptomaniac —The jury returned a verdict of "Suicide whilst of unsound mind."

===== 0002601_19010215_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

JIVED WOMEN'S SUPPEII.-0a Friday evening the annual treat, known as the aged %gamete's supper was given in the Girls' Schoolroom. Halton. Eighty invita- tions were issued, and about 40 responded, the oldest lady present being over 82. A substantial tea was pro- vided the tables being presided flyer by Niesdscaeo, Wray, Stok,s, Percival and Miss Davies. Mrs. Wray 'subsequently addr -ed the gathering and pointed to the , noble example our Queen bad set the women 'of the cnnntry: She urged those present to en- deavour to influence their children for good. Mr. Shaw propesed a vote of thanks to Mr and Mrs T Wright for their kindness in preparing tea. Mr Stokes seconded, and the motion was carried with acclamation. A short pro.vainme was gone tlpoilizh. some popular vonal items being contributed by hire Walker, Mr and Mrs F Ellison (Runcorn), Misses Per&vai, L Shaw, and A Coward. An old lady named Mrs Knowl-is was going to the treat when she slipped no the rock and broke hse leg,D. Carruthers was quickie in attendancs, and after the injury had been attended to she was removed home The subscribere to the treat were : Sir Richard and Lady Brook., Sir J T Bi•uriner, B trt•, Dr Carrutoera, Rev G D Wray, Mes,:rsC Rel-nolds.ff Rey J OcklN, ton. W Nixon, J Skee, T Wriht, C Birch. C Percival, J Walker (Bellwood), C Baguloy, and Mrs Cox.

DBLICIOU3 MAZtWATTRE TEA DELICIOUS MAZ tVVALTTEN TEA DELICIOUS MAZ vAT rEE 'ERA SoLRAGENTs: }HOMY MILLING AND CO., LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., HORSHMARICETATREET, WVIRINGTIN.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PASSING OF THE QUEEN.

(Specially Written for the ‘` Examiner.")

At a little before noon on Friday, the Ist of Feb- ruary, in company with some two hundred of the busy folk who serve as eyes and ears to all the multitudes less fortunate, I sailed from Portsmouth to behold the stateliest and most imposing pageant which the world has ever seen. Our vessel—specially chartered for us by the Admiralty, and called by the same name as that which was to bear the body of the Queen across those narrow waters for the last time—silently dropped from tl,e quay. and past the " Victory " and the " St. Vincent" —whose very names made music in our hearts— and by the shining Southsea beach, and out into the glittering Solent, and then turned northwards through the mighty lane of battleships which stretched in two great Itn4s until they vanished from our sight amid the mist which still hung whitely over Cowes. Upon the right,the formidable armament began with the " Majestic," and on the lett —mute witnesses of world-wide smypathy— there lay four German warships, and a big French vessel, an I the mighty " Flatsuse," with the sunrise banner of Japan flung out above its stern, and said to be the largest ironclad afloat ; and, last of all, the ships of Portugal and Spain, We dropped our anchor in a breach reserved for us in the great iron well, just opposite the " Niobe,' whilst on our lee the spires and roofs of Ryde loomed out amidst the silver mist like some vague phantom city. Beyond, there stretched another line of battleship;; above. the sky was blue as unstained sapphire; below, the sea as bright as emerald ; and pre-ently, the wintry sun, ascending higher, drove off the trailing curtains of the mist, and showed us all the spreading limbs of Portsmouth and its suburbs, and the gentle hills of Rampshire, and the grim forts whica guarded its historic harbour, and upon the west, the smiling slopes and vnois and meadows of the little island where, beneath its two white towers that crowned a green and gentle undulation, lay the body of the dear, dead Quoen ! Beyond the head- land, hidden from our view, the little town of Cowes was basking in the February sunshine, and thence, soon after noon, the body wou'd be rave - ently borne to the "Alberta,' and h-tween those ocean monsters, pass to Gosport and the funeral train, Upon those twin towers standing out so peacefully above the grassy slopes the eyes of all the world were turned, whilst the quays of Hyde the forts of Portsmouth and the miles and miles of yellow sand were black with the unnumbered thousands who had come, from near and far, to watch the west Queen start upon the last journey home.

The red and white Cape liner, " Scot," which bore I the members of the House of Common, presently sailed slowly past us and let fall her anchor, jut beyond, and soon a smaller steamship, the "Dun- vegan Castle," joined us, with her stately load of peers. A. quiet hour or more of meditation followed, and at last the hour arrived at which the melancholy cortege was to leave for Cowes. A I dead hu+h fell up3n us all, and we could almost fancy that we heard the wailing of the Highland 'pipers as the sad procession started down the sunny slopes towards the pier, And suddenly there came la dull, hoarse boom from somewhere just Feyond I the headland, and soon another and another, and now there flashed, in turn,from every iron monster's side, a sudden lightning, and there curled a wreath of silver smoke, and boom, boom, boom, there came the thunder of the guns all down the uouble line of battle-ships that stretched from Cowes to Ports- mouth. And we looked into each other'a faces with dim eyes, and held our breath,for we knew that the procession was at last upon its way. In front of us, upon the" Niobe," the sailors stood in ilark blue ranks, as mute as statues, tbe marines—a streak of scarlet—lending colour to a sombre spectacle repeated right along the line. Each man wit h arms reversed, each ship with banners half- mast high ; and every minute once again there came the distant lightnings, and the sudden thunder, passing down the lane of battleships in dull rever- berating echoes till it died away by distant Southsea beach.

The minutes crawled along on leaden feet, and it seemed an age before we saw, far off, eight low, black grim " destroyers," gliding in a double line, with; slow and solemn motion, down this lane of battleship. and then, behind them—oh, how the vision thrilled us all!—the boat that bore the Queen! The guns boomed on, the black crowds on the dis- tant shores strained eyes and hearta to hear and see; and now, amid the death-like mist, there came the wail of funeral music from the silent battleships,' and every head was bared, and every eye grew dim: for yonder, underneath that white and purple nail, the crown of gold above it shining in the sun. there I lay the Rnapre,s of the Seas I Like some majestic scene in shadowland, amid a silence wily broken by the dull boom of the guns, and by the heart-break- ing wail of the music, the vessel neared. and reach- ed, and passed us, and we hushed our very hearts, and only breathed again when it had gone, and in its wake, mystical with bannere streaming proud- ly out from every mast —in symbol of eternal sovereignty—the ship which bore the King, the Queen,the Kaiser. Then came Vie"Osborne,"—with more royal mourning—and behind her loomed up now the great white " rlohenzollern," the Kaiser's noole yacht, her flag, like all save those upon the boat which which bore the king, suspended half mast high. The Admiralty yacht"Rochantress,"and the Trinity yacht" Irene ' , closed the sad proces- sion ; but our eyes still followed that far glimpse of white and gold, and only rested when the booming of the guns behind her gralually died away, the distant forte took up the weird salute in turn, and soon the line of ships was lost amid the purple mists of Portsmonth Harbour. Meanwhile, the sun was sinking in a blaze of gold above the spires and towers of Ryde, and over all the hills and woods and meadows to the north; and now its last rays rested like some shining aureole above the towers of Osborne, and the glassy waves became a gold en pathway to the dead Queen's island home, and all the sky grew luminous with unimaginable hues, and all the battle-ships were touched with a celestial glory; and, as presently, we too turned silently into its purple harbour, whilst the sun sank down, a ball ef living splend- our in the west ; and from the east, with white, sad face, the moon crept up to bid the Queen goo-bye, There name from some dim tower amid the purple mist across the harbour the etheral music of such bells as might t ave been the very music of the bells of Heaven. A boatman rowed me, in the gathering darkness, round the shadowy inlet, by the dear old "Vic- tory," whose guns had boomed the last salute, and near the "Osborne," and beneath the bows of the King's boat, and just below the mighty " Ilohenzallern," where the flag was floating at the masthead,for the Kaiser had but lately gone aboard whilst, far away amidst the darkness of the dock where shs was m o o r the royal yacht, " heeir Alberta," where, with gallant Queen seamen guarding he pointed the lights upon the would rest uutil P o she started on her last great journey through her hushed and avve.struck capital. Soon after eight o'clock I joined in the great black human line which, with sombre tributaries pouring in from every street, was rolling rapidly down Holborn towards the West. Diverging pre- sently, I reached " V-ctoria Station " by another route. The approaches were already cloned en every side by stalwart ranks of stern policemen,and I had to exercise a good deal of diplomacy to pass the formidable column ; but succeeding, found myself at a few minutes to nine, in the front row of the extreme edge of the mighty crowd— some millions strong—which stretched in two unbroken lines from here to Paddington I was in full view of the station, and the great broad roae. which flanked it on the right—a wonder- fully fine position ; but there were still above two hours to wait, and the cold wind sweeping past the station cut one like a knife. Continually the crowds increased, and very aeon the roads were closed, and all the etands, and all the windowed ay, and all the roofs and towers, in sight grew black with a great sorrow-stricken multitude, Majestic purple draperies adorned the leading buildings and green wreaths ef laurel hung gag- geatively from well-nigh every lamp along the route, and everywhere huge flags were floating half-mast high, and not a shop was there which had not closed its doors ; but most of all it touched me to perceive how even the very poorest of the poor had scraped their hard-earned pence together and turned out in mourning garb. Policemen lined each side of the road which led into the station, and soon the Grenadiers in jet-black belmeta and gray overcoats marched up, and took their places just in front of 119. And now so closely was the cordon drawn, that folks with seats in the Hotel just opposite for which high prices had been paid were absolutely forbidden to cross the road. And we forgot the biting wind in watching regi- men' ,' of every sort and kind ride proudly by to talw their places in the van of the procession,which

extended right away to ficcedilly. Amongst them i we were especially attranted by a little group of Highland pipers and the Irish Guards—that recent m inument of the dead Queen's wisdom—whilst a gallant company ot Bluejeckete marched past with svvinging stifle, to disappear within the station,and glittering Lancere,aud stern-faced Hussars and eta!- wart Guardsmen, and "Soldiers of the Queen " of every sort and kind meved by in picturesque array their banners—blazoned with world famous victories—concealed in crape, and their dashing uniform, completely hidden by their heavy over- coats, whilst offieere with shining orders on their manly breasts, ant crape binds on their arms, and waving plumes and clattering of swords swept past us to the etetion, and, at last ; a dull reer surged along the crow led 'thoroughfares, and from the hushed and sorrow-stricken throng there (Male the murmur, "Bob !" It was the only cheer I heardithat day,and it was muffled like the bele which over all the world had tolled a knell for the departed. But who could check the tribute to the gallant little gray-haired general with the grave fees and the ruddy cheeke, or watch him ride up quietly with- out'e thrill of pride? A brief word with the mounted officers in front of us, and then he disappeared to join the company of king!, and princes, and ambient lore, and potentates from every realm who passed us in increasing crowds to swell the greet assensblege of distinguished folks beside the surreptu- one white and purple tent which Blundell Maple's men were richly furnishing as I returned the pre- vious night from Porternouth. And soon the golden earriages with scarlet drivers and resplendent footmen came, and then—whilst every voice , grew mute—a khaki-cavered gun carriage 'drawn by eight cretin-coloured ponies! The clock above tne station pointed t 3 eleven now and. shortly afterwards, we heard the puffing of an engine and exclaimed instinctively: " The train has come !” The silence deepened as we waited, and the minute, seemed like hours; the towering Grenadiers reversed their arms, and leaned upon them with bowed beads like living menuments of grief, and soon a mounted soldier at the angle in the roadway raised a flag and signalled to some other meunted soldier, who, in turn, palmed on the message te the next, and so it sped like light— ning righ-• along the route; and then—with a heart piercing pathos which will haunt me till I too have passed into the darkness—there came the muffled roll of drama, and the melodious wail of Chopin'i thrilling Feneral March, and at the sound the hairy helmets a'l began to move ; with sow, sad feet the endleem ranks of soldiers marched away ; and ws knew that the procession had started. I shall never forget the pathos of that solemn moment. Strong men bit their lips to hide their feelings, and many could not way their tears. But look l—a blaze of generals is moving by—smongst them "Bob," and Evelyn Wood, and lan Hamilton, and General Brackenbury ; and after them the sallow- faced, black-bearded Duke of Norfolk, premier nobleman of England, who had left the Cabinet to seize the sword and fight his country's battles over sea, and now, as the Earl Marshal had been called upon to organise the most impressive spectacle in England's history, Behind him came Gold Sticks, White Staves, and glittering aides-de-camp—amongst them some of England's greatest noblsmee—and then, big' u., upon the gun carriage, and plainly visible to every- body in the crowd, the collie covered with its white and purp'e pall, and, shining out upon it in the pale gleam of a sudden glimpse of wintry sun, the greatest crown the world has ever gazed upon, the golden orbs and sceptre of the grandest sovereignty in all " the course of time," above the still form of the woman most beloved of all the women in the , world. And every head was reverently bared, and every tongue grew dumb with a great awe as very quietly the coffin with its nrecious load went slowly ' by. Behind it came the King—erect an,l dignified, and riding—on a noble horse—s splendid specimen of English manliness: his one gallant brother on hi a left, and on his right—a pale, grave, thoughtful figure with a black moustache—a perfect type of regal dignity—the Balser! A steed grew restive as the King rode .3 y. He paused immed- iately in front of us, and very calmly —but in a voice which everybody could distinctly bear—he said : " Will some one take that officer's horse?" It was a trivial incident, but it was typical of the unfailing tact and self- possession which will help to make the seventh Edward one of the most useful Kings who have ever filled our English throne. The sequel was lost to me, for the procession still moved slowly on, and King and Keiser turned to follow it towards the palace. Behind them came the Master of the florae the King of Greece, the King of Portugal, and a dazzling line of princes representing practically every leading nation in the world ; and then, in great grey cloaks, a number of officers of the Ger- man Army and the members of the Kaiser's suite, and then five glittering state carriages from one of which the sweet, sad, pale face of the Queen looked forth, her daughters by her side, and in the next the bearded monarch of the Belgians, accompanied by the King's sisters, and in the next the gray old Duke of Cambridge, with Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar, and Lord Wolseley. The last, two carriages eontained the ladies of the household and in one -of them there also sat Lord Law- rence, and in the other Lord Churchill. Still more grey-coated Germans [followed, and last of all, in long, loose, fluttering scarlet cloaks, the gallant Life Ouards came!

And, as the black awl silent multitu le began to move and speak again, and a stalwart body of policemen marched away to go by special train to Windsor how I wished that I could have been a policeman myself for a couple of hours or eel I hurried to the Underground and booked for Praed street. I got to Paddington, as I aoticipated, well in advanca of the procession, But the road between the two stations was kept by 'mounted lancers, and the crowds were so immense that, after vainly seeking to make re y way to the front, I quietly crept out again, and round by a back street until I reached the point atiwhich the funeral cortege ma4e its final turn. Here too both windows, paths, and gardens were completely occupied by the enormous crowd. and the very trees were black with human fruit, whilst purple draperies adorned the houses every- where, and loyal hearts and eyes looked out from every window. And here I saw the changing hel- mets of the various famous regiments which headed the great retinue, and heard once more the haunt- ing wail of that melodious music, and again, above the black and silent crowd, beheld the last remains of earthly sovereignty move slowly by beneath its pall of purple and of gold, behind it Kings and Kaisers awed and voiceless in the presence of the greater King called Death I I saw, the Royal Train and beyond the gateways of the station—access to which was absolutely barred—and from the bridge beyond it heard the funeral music wailing out upon the wintry air again, and caught the dull puff of the Royal Engines, and the slund of rolling wheels; and I knew that Queen Victoria had left her mighty capital for the last time! The earliest train to Windsor did not start till half-past three, and, just as I arrived, the funeral guests were beginning to return. The Royal Train was drawn up in the station the Saloon which bore the coffin, having been detached at Slough. For close upon an hour the various platforms were kaleidoscopic in their shifting maze of shining uni- forms, and princes, peers, ambassadors, and poten- tates of every rank and realm walked by in twos and threes to take their seats in one or other of the four great trains which had been specially provided. In one compartment I could see the Primate, pale, and calm, and thoughtful, in another, with three ladies in the deepest mourning, I descried the Premier, leaning wearily back in the corner by the window, the great black beard which I so well re- membered growing very grey, in yet another, Mr Goschen sat reflectively—the man to whom the Queen had mainly owed her proudest title, " Mis- tress of the Seas." Presently up strolled Earl Spen- cer, his red beard, too, becoming white, alas The Duke of Norfolk bustled here and there about the platform, evidently very busy, and anon a brilliant group of Privy Councillors would stride majestically by, the gorgeous "Beef-eaters," in all the splendour of their gold and scarlet, pass into the train, the Chinese Ambassador stalks stolidly to his compart- ment, and a little Prince from far Siam discovers that he has been contemptuously relegated to an ordinary waiting room! Meantime, the Royal train itself was drawn up at the further platform, opposite the Royal Wait- ing Room—its rich interior beautiful with flowers —and in the broad approaches opposite, a guard of honour stOod like statues waiting till the Kaiser came. And presently the great grey-coated German giants who had come from Portsmouth with us on the previous night, and formed an interesting feature in the day's procession, walked Leong the platform, took their seats, and evidently brought the news that their great lord and master had elec- ted to remain behind. And then the last train, with its load of notables, steamed slowly out, the guard of honour left, an army of policemen marched into

the station ready to go back to town,and gradually the vice resumed its normal aspect. I dined at tthe Castle Hotel, and strolling after- wards about the anciew; streets and underneath the frowning walls, heart how enormous crowds hal finked into the town whose purple windows every- where proclaimed its woe ; how some of them had , actually slept all night in the Park, how, just outside the Station, the steeds which were ,to draw the coffin through the town had sullenly refused to stir; and how the King, as if by inspiration, had suggested that the Blue- jackets should take their places,and so the " Handy gala" had crowned his countless services to his devoted country by dragging the body of his Sovereign up the Castle Hill for the last rim.. F-ont guardsmen at the gates, from humble shopkeepers, from everyone I met, I heard the same tale of the dead Queen's kindliness, and how the Windsor people loved her as a fziend And then, azirl the gathering darkness, I strolled up the slope towards the gates, and past the sentries and police, SO right into the very precincts of the private portion of the Castle. where the lights were blazing in the chamber occupied by kings and queens, but would not shine again upon the queenliest of them all. A gossip with a stalwart Guardsman and an ancient, servant of the Royal Household, and I passed into St. Gerrze's Chapel. Right round it gray stone walls I noticed endless wreaths, and" sauntering through the purple nave—where several workmen stood—and through the dimly-lighted choir, where an official eyed me curiously, I came upon still richer wreaths in endless sequence, and, at last, amid the darkness, reached a great, strong, Olken door. ehinl it I could hear vague voices talking in an undertone. They were the voices of the two tall Guardsmen who were standing, with fixed bayonets, upon the threshold of that inner shrine where, reverently watched both night and day by six high offieers, the dead Queen lay, within a silence which no prying feet might penetrate, no curious voices of the'outside world disturb,

I slept in a delightful oil hotel, jive; by the bridge which leads to Eton, the Thames still flowing under it as in old Spenser'e time ; the white swans sailing tranquilly upon the bosom of the tranquil stream ; the great round tower, and all the stately outlines of the castle just beyond. At ten o'clock the following morning I found myself once more before the Castle gates, intent on getting to the special service in St George's Chapel. It does not start until eleven, but already a great crowd besieged the massive archway. However, fortune favoured me again, and I was p-ivileged to have a sest jest by the a'tar and directly opp-site the Royal Gallery, And one by one the great folks troopel into the choir ; the leading guests ond the ,distinguieheel gentry of the neiehbourhnod ; the members of the Houeehould ; the Maids of Honour and the Royal Family itself. Some sat in the choir stalls, and some on chairs between these and the altar—the ladies all in deepest mourning and most closely veiled—whilst in the Royal Gallery— half hidden by the traceried stone—there sat the King, the Qeeen, and the Kaiser. A. more reverent assemblage or a stet Her service I have never seen. All hearts were thinking of the gracious figure lying there so quietly a few short steps away. The white faces, the black robes of the ladies, broken here and there by some bright military uniform, and vivigly nontrasting ' with the gorgeous banners of the Knights of the Garter hanging underneath the richle decorated windows, aed above the oaken carvings of the choir, the simple beauty of the altar, with its sweet white flowers ; the silvery-locked old Bishop of Oxford, seated just beside it, the strong and ruddy features of the Bishop of Winchesteewho gat with- in the altar rail beside him, the thrilling music of the organ, the deathlike etillnesa of the buihed and silent throng who rose from time to time as some ene of the royal bloo I came gravely in, the beauty of the psalms. the lessons, and the anthem, the thanksgiving for the late Sovereign, the prayers for the now King, who sat half hidden in the gorgeous gallery, the singing of the lovely hymn : "on the resurrection morning Soul and bo iy meet again, No more sorrow, no more sighing No more pain and then the silver-haired old I3ish op, rising from his seat and standing on the altar steps to pay his touching tribute to the dead Queen's memory, and make his brief, but beautiful, al- lusion to the King, and afterwards, once more the rich melodious wailing of that haunting Ftineral March, and then a vision of retreating figures in the gallery, the Week proces- eion passing from the chapel to the cloisters, the young Prince Edward following with his golden hair. It was a picture I shall not forget I I lingered ita the chapel precincts, looking at the wreaths. All round the choir, and far away behind the altar,and encompassing the proud old walls outside, and covering the great, broad western steps, they lay in such magnificent profusion as mere words are quite inadequate to paint. From kings and queens, and emperors, from princes, presidents, and peers; from gallant soldiers, learned scholars, lovely women,and tender-hearted little children in all ranks and walks of life; from states, and commonwealths,and celonie3 ; from venerable cities, toiling town', tiny villages, the fragrant tributes came ; and here and there amid the blaze of orchids and of arums, of roseseillies,scented violet s,of crowns,and shields,and harps, and towering pillars, and a hundred -exquis- ite devices, in a score of lovely hues, wee simple wreaths from Highland cottages away in the blue north, wet with the dew of loyal tears from honest hearts, hright with the rainbow hues of love's owa sunshine! I was turning thoughtfully away when I chanced to hear that all this wealth of flowers were not to be compared with those unvisited, and that the cloisters were "a perfect sea ' of bloom." But entrance was forbidden,[ found the Royal family had lately passed that way, and might, indeed, be lingering and, had it not been for the kindly offices of a policeman I had chanced to meet the previous night, I should infallibly have missed the crowning sight of all my journey. I shall never forget the scene. The clustered stone- work of the colonnade was almost hidden with such gigantic and resplendent wreaths as I had never even pictured in my wildest dreams, and the green lawn from end to end was absolutely buried in them. A huge pavilion had been erected to pro- tect them from the weather, but the sky peeped in beneath the canvas tenderly, and it is safe to say that never had it gazed upon a scene more fair. The richest'and the loveliest flowers the bosom of the earth has borne bad all woven into every grace- ful form which love could frame or fancy Could suggest; and she who, more than any other mon- arch in the world had worn" the white flewer of a blameless life "had won the whitest garlands of the whole world's love and gratitude, a t round the place where she was resting all teal's sweetest blooms were sending up their incense to the place where her'sweet soul was truly crewned. And so, high thoughts and dee,hl- 19 memories within my heart, I left the goad Queen sleeping, and came back to the aull world again.

ARYHUR-13ENNETT.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
A FREE VETERINARY BOOK.

We have just been informed that the Proprietors of Csndy's Fluid, of 14, Goswell-road, London, E.C.. &re posting to all applicants, free of charge, a most useful Bock containing instructions from Veterinary Surgeous of the highest standing for the treatment and cure of ailments and complaints affecting Horses, Dogs, Cats, Cattle, P' Pigq, Rabbits, Poultry, Pigeons, Cage Bird, G &a. Candy's Fluid is a really Magical Remedy for suffering animals and has had aa enormous sale as a Veterinary remedy for nearly half a Century. We recommend all our readers to write for. this Veterinary Book Candy," 14, Goswell-road, E.G.

Warrington Church Society. Under the auspices of this society a successful conversazione was held in Bt. Paul's Saboole, Ken. drick-street on Wednesday evening. There was a large gathering of members of the Suciaty, ud church workers, the Rev Morley Steve/aeon presid- jag. During the evening an address was delivered by Alderman Phillips, of West Ham, who paid a tribute to the memory of the late Queen. Mrs; Edelsten effectively recited "The Pitt' Piper of Hamelin," which was illustrated by lantcrn Refreshments were served and an enjoyable evening was brought to close with the usual votes of thanks and the singing of the NatiorW Anttem.

'Accident in Dial Street.

On Monday eve—aing a man named john Gandy, of. Ellesmere-street, was admitted to the Infirmary sufferinz from :broken ribs sustained while he was pulling down some dilapidated property fa Dial- street. He is progressing favourably.

-- DELICIOUS MAZ&WATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MkEtWA.TTER TEA DELICIOUS MAZkWAVCEFI 'Mt SOLE AEctrrre: HENRY MILLAISEk AND 00 . LTD WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GRaCERS ETC., 5, HORSEHARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010215_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MOM

===== 0002601_19010215_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
i Beetle! i

or

DEATHS.

DlM—February 2nd, suddenly. at Bewsey.road, aged years, John James, son of William Dick. FRIARS' GREEN, Warrington Opt 'site Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Essenhigh's.) S. T. WARD AND CO,

MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, V,. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monument'. Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Granite. Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CL CANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY,

Warrington.--Printedand Published by JOHN WALKS Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewee9; street, and published by them at the same place an also at the„ The Exammer Offices, Victoria-road,WWfilol 32, George•street, ST. HELENS and 3, Yhritet-Stree. RAPLEBTOWNMI the County of Lancaster andalso at IVO sreet, RUNCORN In the County of Chester. —FEBausale

7 ~,t.EI-4 .714,

U

..

===== 0002601_19010215_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FREE CHURCH.

===== 0002601_19010215_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTAKING SALE. SPECIAL THIS WEEK. HIGH CLASS LEATHER GOODS FOR PRESENTATIONS. BE RESFORDS 77q CHURCIISTREET. LIVERPOOL.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) PRBURARY lint. At 10.30 REV. JOHN GUNNBLL. At 6.30 lbw. THEODORB BISHOP. All weicome. Hymn Books provided.

• BIBLE ADDRESSES ARE DELIVERED EVERY SUNDAY AT 6.30 P.M.. IN TOFT'd ASSEMBLY ROOMS. CORNER or BRIDGE-STREET AND FRIARS'-GATE, WARRINGTON. SUBJECT FOR SUNDAY NEXT Belton'. Ancient sand modern ;doctrine of demons. The Bible opposed to modern ideas concerning them. -------UNCORN COUNCIL OF EVANGELICAL FREE CHURCHES. Special United Mission Service' in ST. PAUL'S CHAPEL (kindly lent for the occasion), from FEBRUARY 16th to 26th. Conducted by REV. ALFRED WELLS, assisted by the other Free Church liinisters of the town. The Choirs of all the Free Churches will render United Service during the Mission. SUNDAYS at 10.30, 2.33, and 6.0 WORKERS' MEETING FEBRUARY 16th at 7.0, (Lord's Supper). YOUNG PEOPLE'S MEETING. FEBRUARY 17th, FOR WOMEN ONLY, FEBRUARY 18th, (in Brunswick School). FOR MEN ONLY, (in Betheela Church) on FEBRUARY 24th, all at 2.30. For details see programmes.

FOR GRgAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, Ste- Stc., GO TO WILLIAM. TODD, 18, BEERY STREET ( P BOLD STREET). LIVE 01 TELEPHONE, 7823.

WARRINGTON cHußca SOCIETY. GRIE&T MEETING IN PARR HALL ON TUESDAY, 11113111JA.RY 19TH, 1901. EPEAICVTIS REV. R. B. RACKHAM, MA. OF WFSTMINSTER AND W. H. HOLLIS HQ, OF LEEDS. SUBJECT :—" CHURCH ERFORII." Chair to be Taken at 745 p.m., by LORD BALCARRRS. M.P. ORGAN RECITAL, BY W. N. BUSBY ESQ. kUMISSION FREE. COLLECTION FOR EXPENSES. MOBLEY STEVENSON, HON.

JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, LIMITED:- 41 PER OBNT "A' DEBENTURE STOOK. The TRANSFER OOR of this COEFANY relative to this issue WILL BE CLOSED from the 14th to the 28th February lost (both days inclusive) for the purpose of pre. paring and Issuing Dividend W •rrants due lit March. 1901. W. H. ROBINSON, Secretary. Dated Warrington, February 12th, 1901. -

B" OT' S PURE', DRUG COMPANY, LTD. Six per cent. "C" Preference Shares. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS (EASTERN) LTD. Six per cent. Preference Shares end Ordinary Shares (12 per cent. per ann.) BOOTS CASH CH kAll•Ti (WESTERN) LTD. Six prr cent. Preference Shares. BOOTS °Anti CHEMISTS (LA.NCASHIRE) LTD. Six per cent. Preference Shares. The usual quarterly dividends on this above wiil be posted on the 30th March to the proprietors registered in the Com- panies' books on the it March. The Transfer books will be closed from the Ist March to the Bth March inclusive.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS. --- The TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE offers for competition a number of Scholarships for instruction in Dairy Work, and tenable at the Dairy Institute. Worleston, commencing en MONDAY, MARCH 25th, for twelve wecka. Applicationa to b. forwarded to the underaiened, on or b2fore MARCH lOtla next. Application forms for the acholarships in Clan I. for Pupils from Elementary Schoils are now ready. RICHARD P. WARD. Organisine Secretary's Office, Crewe.

COUNTY OF CHE.eTER. WILD BIRDS PROTECTION ACTS, 1880. 1894. snd 1898. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that by an Order made by the Secretary of State. pursuant to the above it is provided inter alia as follows, viz. The time during which the killing and taking of r7;11:1 birds or an of them, i. prohibited by the Wild 11,Irds Protection y ction 'Act, 1880 (43 and 44 Vic„ cap 35), auali be extsryled in the County of Chester so as to be from the Ist day of March Zo the 12th day of August in each year. 7 The Act of 1880. as extended by Section 2 of this Order, shall anoly within the whole of the County of Cheater to the Kestrel and Heron as if those species were included in the Schedule of that Act. 4. The taking or killing of the following species of birds, namely :—King Fisher, Great Crested Grebe, Heron, Goldfinch, and Owl, shall be prohibited within the whole of the County a Chester during the whole of that period of the year to which the protection of wild birds under the Act of 1880 (as extended by Section 2 of this Order) does not extend. , 5. The taking or destroying of the eggs of the Owl, the Bittern, the King Fisher, the Kestrel, the Heron, the Sheldrake, the Dunlin, the Blackheaded Gull, the Corn- Tern, and the Oyster Catcher, shall be prohibited in the whole County of Chester 6. The taking or killing of the Gull and the Tern is r °olDited within the following Dsrishes in the Adminis. ...rat,ive County of Chester during the whole of that Period of the year to which the protection of wild birds under the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880 (as extended tY Section 2 of this Order), does not extend, viz. : PLIDDINGTON WALLASEY BURTON LOWER BEBINGTON NESS BROMBOROUGH NEsTON-CUM-PARK- E I STBAM GATE INCE HOOTON GREAT STANNEY NETHERPOOL FRODSH AM LORD- WEIITBY SHIP ST ANLOW WESTON GAYToN RUNCORN BESWALL-CUMe HALTON OLDFIELD NORTON THURSTASTON MOORE CALDY ACTON GRANGE OY AFEXU M. WALTON INFERIOR WEST KIRBY including therein so much of the estuaries of the Rivers Dee and Mersey as lies within the administrative County of Chester. PENALTIES. Any person acting in contrsvention of the above- mentioned Order renders himself liable to the Penalties mentioned in the said Acts. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Cheshire County Council Chester, 4th February, 1901.

... WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALR'COMPLitINT. MRS. SMITITERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine torn the only original and genuine Family Recipe. t_lti just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained ,;:r it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers 'ootild therefore attend to the following CAUTIoN.—To be 11Preful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs, nreithers, who is the only person in possess;on of the ;RIM/c.a. RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outride label by Mrs. Smithers, and the lines of the Note Wholesale Agents.. W. EDWARDS & SON y Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul e. t.onon, are 'engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold I '"ell at -5.9 ga —. each by molt (meanies

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, ‘ILwAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. .ICRIJRED AGAINST. THEFT [INSURANCE An: FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' (-4 ASSURANCE kio. 84, CnRNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. Warringto AGENTS: n Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate Et. ::e.eMr,W.H. RlOBEY.Nesscliffe. Arietoria-rd..Lathhford I ns Mr. 3. E. LEACH. Hardshaw-street "'Week Mr. J. BILLINGH The Willows liandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge r a Inworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moertield House

ARTIFICIAL TEETH, MOUNTED ON GOLD. PLATINUM. VULCANITE, EBONITE, Ns, • PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. THOUSANDS OF LIVING TESTIMONIALS. J. HIG-EAM (OF CROSS-LANE. BARLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CHARLES', 13, LEGH-STREEr, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM Z TILL 6 P.M. ALSO 84. OXFORD-STREET. ST. HELENS.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21.5. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS HICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFIelc AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office Manion Street, Warrington

FOUND A COLLIS PUP. Owner lefty have it on I. paying expenses It tint claimed within seven days will be sold. Apply 42, LS/R.L STREET. WanlngtOß. "-PEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID—." "OIL YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3, 1.1313014-STIIHRT. LIVRRPOOL.' "THANK YOU."

Mc DERMOTT, CASH FISH, POULTRY AND RABBIT SALESMAN. NEAR BRIDGE FOOT. LATCHFORD. FRESH FISH DAILY. AND SOLD FROM ID. TO 3D. PER LB. LESS THAN OTHERS. DOT FAY FANCY PRICES AT FANCY SHOPS. THE TRADE SUPPLIED.

TILUMINA.TgD AMA HS DIE-STAMPING Vao-Situlles of Haudwritine. Typewriting'. plans. quan titles ac.. copied and lithographed.— BROOKS AND Saw, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street. Warrington.

ROBERT LO WE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms No. 1, HANK STREET. E ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 65. Das% advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited, Furniture, Ao.. warehoused.

_ _ ELASTIC STOCKINGS. SURGICAL RAND A GEC. ABDOMINAL bELrs. BUY viarm PRIM THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITE AvD SONS. 37. BEIICK-R0 AD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1806 -- QERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS ! - L... 7 Every workman should have one of HAIIITE'S cele- brated 41. 6d. Serge Jacket*, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, Birnou-smnEaar. Liverpool.

SHARPLES, TAFF'S, AND CO., 7, BRAZENNOSE-STREET, Ma ?CHESTER. ELECTRICAL ENGINEHRS. Sole Agents for Stearn Incandescent Lamp. ESTIMATHS FOR MERINO- FRS. IMPROVED CINEMATOGRAPH for Hire on Reasonable Terms. Telephone, 3,775.

QPLENDID Asgortment of New Season's PAT- i. for our Celebrated lie, 6i. (to rneasnre) TROUSHRS. Wonderfully good valoe. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65. Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

FOR GENERAL STATIONERY, INCLUDING ACCOUNT AND RENT BOOKS FOR 1901, TOGETHER WITH A VARIETY OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL GOODS. GO TO T. CLARA'S, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

UNEARY LIES TDB HEAD That wears a Crown. EASY ARE THE FEET THAT WEAR ARTHUR EVANS' GENT'S FLEXIBLE AND 'STYLISH SEWN BOOTS. 5 AND 221, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, AND BRANCHES.

UMBRELLAS! UM BRELLAS !! THE LATEST ROVE TIES SUITABLE FOR LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W4,I(ING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND PrIMPTADT4S tits.../VBRED IN HiL7 AN HOUR FROM 34. 613. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

"VOR SALE.—VIRFEITED PLEDGF,S, Consisting 1: of Leg Flees, Anvils, Blacksmiths' Bellows, a great variety of Stocks and Dies ; Fletcher, Russell, and Co.'s Blowpipes and Blowers ; also, a large quantity of Joiners', Carpenters', Wood-carvers', Engineers', Plumbers', Painters', Masons', Shoemakers',Cooperst. Cycle-Makers', and Butchers' TOOLS, AT HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS. 116 TO 120, BROWNLOW-HILL. LTITBRPOOL TELEPHONE 5.171. CASH LIBBRADLY ADVANOHO on Jewellery Diamonds, and Portable Property. Best Prices Given for Old Gold and Silver Goods.

KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND IWITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL HAND MADE. 21, NORTON SfREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KELM has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manuta-turing and has gained the highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OF4 WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. BEG 'lO GIVE NOTICE ITHATIITHEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN 0 (JEEN STREET, EARLES I OWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS. WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH. AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING. PAINTING, GASFITTING. &C. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGENTS FOR " WE ESBACH "INCANDESCENT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FREE.

CLEARANCE SALE: • PREMISES COMING DOWN BARGAINS IN VIOLINS. BOWS. OASES. ETD, NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. JOHN BYROM. FRAcnoAL VIOLIN A/AKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ohanot), RENSRAW•STREBT, LIVERPOOL.

TOBACCO, CIGAR, CIuARETTES, SNUFFS MRS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-KRIM, MANCHBSTBR. Bstablished 61 Years

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS. SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 108. TAILS OF PURE HAIR. PROM 55. sp. Bent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOT/lON. The Beet Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. • PRICE Is. 6n. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- vo- VV • B. SWERTMAW, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

A. AND J. AILAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMiLTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITEOHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined.

NEWT 0 N-IN-MAKERFIELD, U.D.C.-OAS DEPARTMENT. COKE. COKE for SALE at the GAS WORKS, NEWTON-LE- WILLOWS in large or small quantities, delivered in bags at any address within the District at ths. per ton. Order forms may be obtained at the COLLECTOR'S OFFICE, Town Hall, Earlestown. or at the Gas Works. Purchasers not consuming Gas or consuming gas through Automatic Meters are requested to send cash with order.

WHITE STAR Li NE V ROYA MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via ' Queenstown, TEUTONIC!. Wed., Feb. 20 MAJRSTIC ...Wed., Mar. 6 GERMANIC ...Wed., Feb. 27 I CYMRIC Fri., Mar. 8 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit tree of charge to New York, Boston, Phllaielphia, or Baltimore Apply to !GMAT. 131111 E, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cookepur Street !!W e• 34. Leadenhall etre le, LIP London

PENDLEBURY & COMPANY, Nais CENTRAL STATION 4211 NOW MEWING THEM NEW STOCK OF MAIL CARTS FOR THE 90XUNG SEASON. INSPECTION INVITED. WONBERFUL VALUE AT PFNDLEBURTS, NEAR CENTRAL STATION.

BUY YOUR BRUSHES, FROM THE WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO 19, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON WE MAKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITION

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWBRY-STRE ET. WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctuallyjattended to.

G_EDDES DANDELION COFFEE ' The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pubill. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 104., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDRS AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOIS BSTLBLIIIED 1833

WEDDING RINUS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22. carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. told by weight from SHVIIN MILLINGS AND SIXPIINCH to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.--EUSTANCH AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street. Warrington. Established 1884.

Wo HODGKINS° NT, LIMITED. CLEARANCE SALE IS NOW BEING HELD AND ;WILL CONTINUE DURING FEBRUARY. SPECIAL NOTICE. W. HODGKINSON, Ltd, beg to announce that a really first-class Stock in all Departments will be offered at this Sale. Owing to the very mild season large quantities of goods are left over and must be cleared, to do ttis very substantial reductions have been made. The Stock is absolutely new and quite fresh. LARGE QUANTITIES OF STOCK NOT PREVIOUSLY SHOWN FOR WANT OF SPACE WILL BE OFFERED DURING THE COMING WEEK. OVER 17000 YARDS OF VARIOUS BLACK AND COLOURED DRESS FABRICS, ALSO A LARQ E NUMBER OF VERY HANDSOME BLACK AND COLOURED ROBES. ABOUT 1600 YARDS BLACK AND COLOURED SILKS, ALL REGULAR MAKES. AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY • COMPRISING CURTAINS, SHEETS, COUNTERPANES, BLANKETS, TABLE DAMASKS, TAPESTRIES, ART SERGF,S, Erc. SEVERAL THOUSAND YARDS or BEAUTIFUL LACES. TRIMMINGS, ETC., ETC., TO BE CLEARED. A LARGE '1•OCI OF UMBRELLAS, HOSIERY, HANDKER- CHIEFS, TIES, Exc., ETC, OVER 200 SILK, MUSLIN AND OTHER SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. OVER 2,000 PAIRS OF GLOVES OF VARIOUS KINDS A SPLENDID ;STOCK OF HIGH-CLASS CORSETS, UNDERCLOTH T NG, SKIRTS, ETC' A LARGE NUMBER' OF HANDSOME TRIMMED BONNETS AND HATS JACKE TS, MANTLES, COATS, To BE CLEARED. WATER A SPLENDID STOCK OF HIGH-CLASS PROOFS, ,ETC-, ALL QUITE NEW THIS SEASON. (There will be some rare bargains offered). ALSO A NUMBER OF VERY HIGH-CLASS SMART TAILOR-MADE COS FUMES MUST BE eLEARED. 46 & 48, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WOODS BRSP IC T AND SHOE MAKERS 59, ALLEnSTREET, AND .55, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY.

WARRINGTON FISH & GAME Co., LIMITED. TRINITY BUILDINGS. 14, SA.NKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS MRS. J M. PORTER • The Directors of thl. Company beg to announce that they have taken the premises formerly occupied by Messrs. %%imam Woods and Son, Jewellers and intend opening the same as a FISEI, GAME AND POULTRY BUSINESS. Mrs. J. M. PORTER, having a large interest in the Company has joined the Board of Directors and in addition has been appointed Manageress and will be responsible for the business being carried on efficiently. All orders received will have Mrs. PORTER'S personal attention and will be promptly executed. OPENING DAY, SATURDAY NE IT FEBRUARY 16TEI.

29TH ANNUAL WINTER SALE, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT GREAT SALE OVERCSATS AT HALF PRICE TO CLEAR AFTER SO A SEASON, JUST THE TIME FOR A BARGAIN, REDUCTIONS OF 43. TO 10s. IN THE £ OFF ALL SW PLUS STOCK, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

SEND FOR SALE CATALOGUE, IT WILL CERTAINLY INTEREST YOU. , STOCK-TAKING SALE AT GREATLY REDUCED PR IC ES AT PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LI V ERPOOL. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s, WILL BE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN.

BARGAINS OF AS USUSTALLY ATPRATIVE CHARACTER, I WELL WORTH ATTENTION. THIS DAY, AND UNTIL • FEBRUARY, 23RD.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCBANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advanced On Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac., to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Lsrge Assortment of Framed Pictures, snitatdo for Wedding and Birthday Presents. School Prizes, 3m. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF eaoroGnitrils for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S 21;1. INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS /LUID NEVER FADE

J. M. PORTER. LIMITED, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMEN, 22, HORSEMARKET STREET 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON.. k MARKET PLACE ALL KINDS OF FRESH FISH DAILY. TOWN AND COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY EXECUTED. SOUTHPORT SII'IMPS AND DRESSED CRABS A SPECIALITY. WENHANI LAKE ICE ALWAYS IN STOCK. OYSTER BAR.-BRIDGE STREET (OPPOSITE LION ROTEL). WHITSTABLE NATIVES, DUTCH, BLUE POINTS, ' AND ALL KINDS OF OYSTERS FRESH DAILY. Telegrams ;2-Salmon. Warrington. Telephone Numbers s 101 and 220. PRINTING. BOOKBINDING,

COMMERCIAL franurirs —Accorduag to •'Kemp's Met- cantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Pro- c.:4(lll3gs in Enoland and Wales gaz-tted during the work ending Febru ray 9tb, was 71. The aumber in the corresponding week of last year was 103, showing a de- crease of 32. being a net deoreass in 1901, to date. of 36.

PILES AND INDIGESTION CURED • If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms; Fistula rn•sy follow. KEUTY'S %JURE is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outward, snd bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm oil the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion. Dizziness or Fainting Fits, Sick Headache, Disordered Liver and Blood. One bottle will convince you. price Is. le I. Sold by Boars Ltd., and all Chemists and Stores. Post aid from KEUTY AND CO., HALIFAX

Elastic Stockings Surgical Bandages. Abdont nal Belts. Buy them from the or makers in Liverpool. SMITH Sz SOB, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We anpply a better quality atl a lower plea than any °the, firm In the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866. 't ' ----' 17;1_ : : .'t t'l RTI ::,,t.:7_, . '-------.----,...5. '.7.... Aft t-----le'';.:..-W.ll=''' . -- ' ,/, ;'.- '---,-,...-.- LARGE STOCK OF MANDOLINPS, BANJOES, GUITARS, VIOLI NS, &c So.-cial Offer.—Onarantred ITALIAN MANDOLINE. MAKER'S nPme inside. Hos. wood. orsamentt-d , 12s. 6d. Carriage paid AROHLT AND SONS. ST. GEOFIGss' CREsettNT, TOP OF LORD- STILEIST. LIVERPOOL. Eatiblished UM. , • REDI.IOIION IN PRICE,. FOR ...-- -.....‘' , INCANDESCENT P. BURNERS IN .p/ ~....,kteot P. 4 )) CANDESCENT iMANTLES INCANDESCENT Cl4l ?,'..._,____..,....._:. f %Pt.:, AIII.CLANKDTDSECsIi(I; ire GsLmOgES. .',.. p, . ok.„ At-,---*;,---: ~,, • -f-0 ' PROTRCTORS. KB GAS GLOBES, OF DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PA I TERNS. GLASS GLOBUS CAN Eli "A ATCHED OR EXCHANGED AT ADAMS. 80 ST. JAMES PLA. WINDOW GLA•sS ON DIFFERENT PATThENS BRITISH SiLt Rum-) PLATE GLAS:, SHADES AND •-,T %NO 4. AT THE LOWEnT PHICES AT. • J. ADAMS. 212, NOOII-11ILL STitEgT, AND 14, :-NIITIi DOWN-ROAD. Lit KR POOL.

SOFT FAIR SKINI• Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness twit, ad to those Ladies who use Rowland's which ren,ves Re:iness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate coniplexion. Sizer. 2S. 3d. & 45. 6d. Sold by Stores, C>elni,ts, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Gawen, London.

Wby pot Satisfy Vou rsei f of the superiority of Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour over every other raising agent for home -baking and pastry making, by getting from your grocer a 7d. or 3 packet for next baking day? Paisley Flour will enable the beginner with little practice to make delicious home-made bread and light pastry without trouble and fear of failure. It is used mixed i part with 6 to 8 parts ordinary flour, and as it blends readily with the ordinary flour, everything is beautifully and evenly raised. Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour Makes home-baking a pleasure.

• -711-0 =DRAUGHTS. WARRINGTON LEAGUE. Second Division. CAIRO-STRIIET V. LATCHFORD,—A. L itchford R imns on inday the cr.iiiino.,nsinp of tilt. 'rid division was decide,i, Calfo-t'et 21,1 bng the visitirs. Furs Litcb- ford team had previously won four, m n e, draw a one. Cairoditre,t on tear, 10,4 O,IV, drawn n me. and consequently tbe C kaindion.,nip dep-Rded Upon the re- Built ot this in itch. B .to taint. were w,ll represented, and it wit. expected LUG it ;coal b a VOry C,0.0 con- teat, hut the Match tosolted in a rather easy wt.: tor C4irc..treet by ain 3rVy ot six ir.rnes. Sq ire : Chtno-STREET. LATCHFaRD. Wins. Draws. Wins. 1 W Hewitt w Potte: ........... 0 1 W Sitassey I ff Rich tnisou 1 F Kelsall 1 II Heepte 0 1 H Men 1 IF"Cimp.Arley 2 H HAton U J All 11101 ...... 1 A iherratt 4 2

, Dr.l#llliims'finklills 1 7rice, As ... a ... . A I°' lOrialelegleo # .di ." Only sold In '1 . 4.4.#1. .6. , . 4 '<Ott,: ./A-N'.. this form. 4r4, , , .1,., ;5?„ 'l4 •"' ‘-‘. Ai-_,":1- PINK ~,e .. * 4 Aslrw jr..T.' gret, WRAPPER. i ' AN44 CYCN. N 0 ,ii• AnythillZ i 1.144 el se offered is a useless it ai ..S /*V i ..Substitute, and it () iff „ boxes, iis best to send direct 4 1319. ',l' to Dr. Williams' Medicine oC mpany, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, 1 ^, 8.C., for the A, GENUINE PILLS.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO f 0 LUOGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL • FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wlld'S Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician: Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handaomest buildings Ia Southoort, centrally situated replete with every comfort; fine Sea View near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from Ts 6d per day. Including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Msssaee and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTEANG OR RE-SEATING SIIoIILD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHoNE 4353. ESTIMATES FREE ANY DISTANCE BAR TABLES, COUNTERS, FITTINGS !cc.

HARR)P BRO 4. AND COMPANY. PEWTBRERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BIM-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22 BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

&bum - INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. 20, RANE,AGEI-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 18M. Telephone 6313.

COUNTRY BRIIIIHOUSH (Cheshire) let through death of Tenant (in 30 years) rent £l6. Ingoing £55 also off- license. Ale snd Grocery nap (Denton) pumps. Ingoing £4O. Also several Boathouses and IMAllos, WALTER EAR ROOK, Valuer, 1, Mosley-street, Manchester.

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING RYDER LLOYD AND Co., Wing RESPECT TO ANY KIND 01, BUSINESS YOU MAX DESIRE TO PURCHASE nu SELL; ABSOLUTELY THE BEST MEDIUM: BUYERS SUITED FREE; QUICK SALES AT MODERATE & FIXED CHARGES; NO SALE, NO CHARGE; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED; CALL, WRITE OR TELEPHONE, 01(9. RYDER LLOYD AND CO., BaTAßusa ED 1887. 21A, OLD HAYMARKET. LIVERPOOL. (Clone to Llme-3treet and Central Statton).

C- ycLER: CYCLES! t— Immense Bargains. Free Mus- trated List containing 1,500 New and Second-Hand Machines from 30s. to £D. Marvellous Bargains in 194 Machines, Five Hundred New Machines, 1901 Make Ina £2 17s. 6d. single Machine at Wholesale Prices. Aeneas- cries of every description at half usual Price. Large LiSt Free, any address. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.— WARRILOw & Co.. Cycle Manufacturers. Weston-super-Mare.

CENTAUR CYCLEF. FAMOUS SINCE 1676. TO-DAY STAND UNRIVALLED as the finest possible combination of perfect workmanship and scientific design, with the hest obtainable material. Centaurs represent the highest point ef excellence yet reached by cycle engineering skill. Catalogue and full particulars from THE CENTAUR CYCLE CO., LTD. COVENTRY, or T. DAINTITH. Bridge-street, Warrington, W. BOOTH, 139, Church-street, Runcorn.

BDARRED SOCKS ROG S.—A limited number of Sittings will be booked at 55. per sitting. Pen contains seven excellent pullets, Mrs. Jackson's strain ; mated with a grand cock direct from Mr. Chrimes', a noted winner, and should produce some grand exhibition birds. Also a few sittings from a grand pen of Black Minorcas, Garlick's direct 35. 6d. per aitting.—Mrs. JACICS7N, Cliftcn Village, near Preston, Lancashire.

HIGH CLASS SCHOOL for girls, Doleithyn Toy n, N. Wales, splendidly situated, bracing sea and mountain air. Sound modern education. Preparations for Exams, Governess Pupil required. Principal Miss Cook. 'JNIVEtibITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPOST.—A most succes ful Boarding School for Boys. T lansnwooD, M.A.. LL D., D.C.L.

MR. TOM BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. SUBZ-STEBBT, WARRINGTON. ISS BERTHA BOUCHIER, A.L 13.111., is prepared to receive PUPIL `3 for the Violin Lessons at own of pupils' residence, or on Mondays at Mr Sutton's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms. &c, on application to 33, WHITEFIFLD-ROAD. Stockton Heath.

TH 0,4 N QUICK. On SALE 50.000 good plants well 1. rooted two years transplanted fine Stuff Cheap to Clear. —Apply Joint ROBINeON. St. Michaels-on-Wyre, Naar Gar- stang, Lancashire.

To BDILDERS.—BUILDING LAND in plots on chief or A. otherwise ; Splendid position, houses in great demand; no tie roads made.—J. PARROW. Manor listate. Levens- hulme, Manchester.

ADY bag lovely Blalic real Tbibet Necklet for disposal, bs 6d; also Lady's splendid Gold-mounted Silk Um- brella, selvage edge, Ds 6d. Approval willingly.—DALEY 19 lithelburga-street, Battersea. S. W-

ASTHMA.—Severest eases cured by ' Kadi, a new East Indian remedy. No opium, perfectly harmie,s. Price 4s. 6d. Trial blttle, Is ifd. —Dr. DkBTOoBS OPECIFIO Co, (Limited), 8, John-street. Adelphi. W.C.

lINOANDBSCENT BURSGISS. with Gallery, Crutch, best Mantles, and Fireprrat Chimney, all complete Is. 6d.; Mantles, 3d. and 43/4d. each, or 2s. 100. and 3s, 6.1. per dozen,—bllOßßOCK Reyidge Market, Blackburn.

FHREHOLD ollt/P, in centre of Warrineton, for Sale chance seldom met with, good tenant, who would be toad to take a lease.—Apply to nPerfeEß WALLHEAD et BON. Lyme-street, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

OBVERAL small BLOCKS of lirst-rate HOUSES FOR 0 SALE in Stockton Heath, Pay a fair interest.—Apply to JOHN PEE BERTON, Heathcot, Stockton Heath, or SPENCER WALLHEAD AND Sox, Lyme-street, Warrington. QUEEN VICTORIA'S AUTOGRAPH. Few Original Government document. signed by the late Queen's own band, for sale. Two guineas each.—Aavx.s, 17, Ilchester Mansions, Abingdon-road, Kensington, London, W.

RHEUMATISM AND PARALYSIB.—Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free ot receipt of post- card. Address i—Ptistasucsa, 18, Devon shire-street, All Saints. Manchester,

UPICHPLUOUS HAIR —Perfected Electrolysis (by Mr. 0 Parkes' invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity. for permanent destruction without markings. EV appointment only. Stanape I envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES. 2. Church-street, Southport.

SBBD POTATORS.—Mratt's Kidneys. Snowdrop Kidneyr, Sutton's Parly Rerents, Up-to-dates, British Queen, Soottish Triempts, Maincrop, Langworthy, Lyrues Grey, and other usefol varieties.—For price list apply to J. SYwra, seedsman, 1, Liverpool-street, Preston.

. DBKIPNBSEI CURBD—The British Vice-Consul of Mara- caibo has been cured of long-standing deafness by '• Osborne's Golden Drops." His testimonial, with others forwarded on receipt of post cd nddrelied to IL M. OSBORNE, 35, Hatton Garden, London.

CIIIPS and Fl9ll.—Cooking Ranges Cutters, Washers and Peelers, and all utensils for the above business. How tile double cooking range the latest and beet out. The oldest practical maker in ngland - GELDART, 129, King - treet, Oldbam.—A few second hand Cookers on sale cheap

A iitS vou lit? If you are ill, try Heil) Pills. the most 1t effective preparation ever discovered f r the cure of Visease, for Indigestion, General Weakness, Nervousness, Rheumatism. Inflammation. Neuralgia, Constipation, Blood Poisoning ?teas and 2s 9d per box.- '2 Laitio,ll9 Saene-street Aberdeen.

A NTIQUIII FURNITURB —A large stock on Sale of CA. chlppendale and oak chairs, shield back chairs, carved oak and mahogany chests, corner cupboards, oak gate tables, square and twisted legs, old china, pictures, ac.; furniture bought, sold, or exchanged.—J LIGHT. Liverpool-toad kelmersdale. near Ormskirk.

MO BB BOLD.—Farnworth, near Wines —The extensive _L Works, let ly used by the Lanoashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land With siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Addrees J. HOOKING, 16, Fenwiok- treet, Liverpool.

HAVII you any Frienth at the Front? If so, Bend for one of my Patriotic Photo Mountaishowing Portraits of five leading Generals. Ihe centre oval pierced to take a friend's cabinet portr Mt, around which are grouped types of different corps serving at the trout. On stiff board. Price one shilling ; by Dost ad extra --Address A Hum late I/ H A, 12 Blenheim- terrace, Wickham-lane,Plumstesd, b H. Please mention this paper

CIN IDIAI uORAPH t:ISTERTAINfri 1S for bazwirs, schools, private parties, tie. Latest war pictures. Terms moderate.--OCHOLL'S PHOTo TORES, 35 cut h Castle-street, Liverpool.

PENKETH. -Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9.1. and 2s. Bd. per week. BANK STREET OFFICE, E 5 room. 25. CATHERINE STREE r, rent 4s. 3d. CORNER SHOP. 124, KERSEY STREET, rent ss. 26 PERCY STREET rest se. Apply OBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' rlngton. Telephone—No 55.

rill() BE LET, EHOP o 26. Albert-road WKlnes 20ft by 16ft, cellar the same. Lsrge dwelling house attached with every convenience —E. LOINEII, 54. Halton View Road. Widues.

THE EMT LINIMENT OF THE AGE GRATTON'S E 11BROCATI ON.

AS AND OIL ENGINES.—The Dudbrldge, tr 1-Co b.p. Cash or Easy Payments. Dynamos and motors. The Lister, latest and best type. bend for Catalogue. Itepairs of all kiuds,—CENTRAL eke ENGINE COMPANY, 6, Charles-street, Sackville-street, Manchester.

ON SALB CHBAP the following surplus plant. Lancashire boiler laft. x 61t., two flues ; two cast iron tanks 81t. 6th. x 4ft. and 4 3 x 4 3 x Mc. deep. 1 platform weighing machine to weigh 3i cwte, 1 new Manilla rope 200yds long 21n. diameter, 9 Wells patent lights,l Lnoygen light, 1 nearly new phaeton, 1 drag to suit pony 14 hands.—Apply Wus.um ABCEOFT, Pemberton Stone Quarries, near Wigan.

A SPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS, It new and secondhand, Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 n. Ce ntres bit to 20ft, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 4tt by 2ft square to 12tt by 4ft square. Drilling Radial and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines, Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working Machinery. etc.—PARTING/TON, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford.

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G. W ILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET 611t6ET, MANCHESTER. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK URATIS.

EIATEINT Olf FICA M ABOHESTER HaTABLISIIND IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVISS & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.11., dr SON, F.1.P.A.. M.B.A. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 4, A UDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. FREEBORN'S CORAZZA SHIRTS, UNEQUALLED FOR FITTING; ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS WORN, FINE LINEN FRONTS, BANDS AND WRISTS. AND THE NEEDLE- WORK IS OF THE HIGHEST CLASS. FREEBORN'S UMBRELLAS, 3s. 6d., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d., 15s 6d. FREEBORN'S WATER - REIVILLENT OVERCOATS, 255.. 355., 455. FREEBORN'S MACINTOSFI COATS. 15s. 6d., 275. 6d., 425. H. R. FREEBORN,

EL CTRIC LIGHTING BY H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

WILLIAM CREAMER AND CO., FURRIERS. Have Specially Manufactured for their Annual Display. An Elaborate and Unprecec:anted Collection of ' SMART VUR GARMENTS. CONSISTING OF FASHIONABLE COATS, COATRES, CAPES, WRAPS, RUGS, GLOVES, FUR NRCKLBTS. MUFFS, AND SRS OF FUJI, &c.. &c. 5,000, CHOICE ARTICLES FOR OHRLSTMAB GIFTS. 5,000. At Prices from 105. to no Guineas. FURS ARE THE MOST USEFUL OF ALL NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. MANUFACTORIRS AND SHOWROOMS. 56 BoLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

VERY SPECEAL. A FEW FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALE. EQUAL TO NEW. SUITABLE FUR PRESENTS, &C. 3 One Pair of Handsome silver-plated FISH CARVERS price 3s. 6d the pair. Six Pairs of FISH EATERS, only 7s. Gent's heal Silver-mounted Bbooy WALKING STICK; price only 2s. 6d. Lady's Silver WANCh, jewelled movement, an accurate timekeeper, price only Is. f3d. Lady's Solid Silver-mounted UMBRELLA, 3s. 6d. Gent's Solid Silver-mounted UMBRILLLA. 3s. 6d. A very neat Pair of OPERA. GIASSECS. 2s. 6d. Heavy Gold WEDDING RING (9 carat). 9s. 6d. A 22-carat Gold WEDDING SlGG,good tbickness,cmly 15r. Lady's Solid Gold and Real Diamond Buckle RING only 4s. 9d. AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JR WELLE 5, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MB tANTS, 118 to 120 BKOWNL.,vr-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

IF YOU WANT A REAL CHESHIREGOPSE OR TURKEY DON'T BH IMPOSHO UPON WITH FOREIGN STUFF. SHE M 0 DERSIOTTe THE RABBIT KING, NEAR BRIDGE FOOT, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON

GEORGE 1:11 NRY LEE AND CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL, HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE, OF SURPLUS AUTUMN AND WINTER STOCK. --- GREAT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. EMBRACING- SILKS, DRESS MATERIALS, HOUSE- (HOLD LINENS. LACES, HOSIERY, GLOVES, MANTLES. COSTUMES, MILLINERY, LADIKZ,' OUTFITTING, BOOTS AND SHOES, UMBRELLAS, WATERPROOFS, SILVER PLATE. JEWELLERY, FANCY GOODS, etc. BASNETT SI REET, • LIVERPOOL.

ALL ME WOHLD'S A STAGH, And the PRINCIPAL BOY on it in the boot line ARTHUR EVANS. His 6s 61 and ts 61 Gents' Boots receive RBPRATED BNOORNS. thus proving that they are the VAVOURITRS of the public. 6 AND 221, LONDON-ROAD ;51. BYRON-STERET ; and throughout Liverpool.

MAURICE AND NI. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PUEOHAsE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINs AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Oliver. Oid•fasMoned Jewellery, Diamonds, Watekes. Plate. so., ' HIGHEST PRE IC GIVEN AT 'TBS FOREIGN EXCHANGE, 47, LIME-STREET, LivimpooL (Top of ballot-street). R.B.—Money advaneedupon Dlamonds,Watches,Jewellery, bo., at low rates.

£5, £7, £lO, 1:20. £3O, £5O, £lOO. AN ADVCES MADE PRAVATELY to TRADES- MBN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders. on their own secutity, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN E. GOODININ. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS £5 TO ELM. 'JAR LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., 121, MISE TltltT WAtticiNGiON. THE ABOVE COMPANY' IS PREPALED Lc, advance Loans to respectable householders, EhOpk.tepers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MOSTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon 3. WADSWORTH, DISTRIuT 121, MERSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENT'S, OR AS MAY BS MUTUALLY ARRANGED, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, AND WITH OR WITHOUT SURETIES. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has bee's established since 1870, and has always conducted his business under HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently e3neleavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LNTIERS OF .aPPRSCIATION AND THANKS from those whu have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prosvectus, Terms for Adv,inoes, or any Information uesired, will b, supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 18, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Office, 20. KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

orsto, 6arriago. at, ON SALM, BAY HORSB, 16-3, Spring Cart and Gears. Together or separate.—Apply WILLIAM EVAIts, Coal Dealer, Bowdon. CIOAL CARTS, Foundation Carts, Spring Carta, Mi. k %,—/ Floats, Light Lurries. Beal Bargains. Jonas's, Wheel- wrights, Brooke-street. Bradford,'Maucheater.

ON SALE, HEARSB, glass sides, nearly new, light larence Carriages (2). in excellent condition brougham, square front, single, suit doctor, in good condition througt.out ; light Victoria, rubber tyres ; all to be sold ; no reasonable offer refused ; room required.—Joart KNAPE, Coachbuilder. Burnley.

FARSIER wishes to dispose of two Powerful CART HORSES, one Cart Mare, in foal. 16.17 hde 5-8 years. Those in want of strong retable Horses should see these direct, at hard work on road, and used to all kinds of farm work. Also good cob, 6 years, V,S. and warranted, sound, trial allowed, carts and gears, Price £l5 to £4O. —WRIGHT' Hardy Farm, Booth Bill-lane, Oldham. Rochdale-road Trams Pass.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for i "t COUGHS Tow LE'S ‘, j HLORODYN E Consumption. (-1 BuorroliniS, TOWLE'S kiIILORUDYNE Asthma, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spasms. DIARItH(EI4.. TOWLE'S 24 doses for 2s. CHLORO DYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. LEECH BROS. & CO., IRONMONGERS. Sc 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. After over 30 YEARS' trading, are now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH. BARGAINS. LONG DISCOUNTS. Clocks and Bronzes Gas Fittings ble Mantelpieces 2O Grates, Ranges, Thed hearths Furnisning Ironmongery lO CUTLERY, PLATE, TONGS, COALBOXES, ART METAL WORK, &C., &a. GREAT BARGAINS. HIGH DISCOUNTS, LEECH BROS. & CO., 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER.

E. M. ASH (MST, HIGH-CLASS COI% F ECTION ER, 47, BRIDGE ST., WARRID4GTON. OPPOSITE THE TERMINUS OP THE STOCKTON- HEATH 'BUSES. CHRISTMAS AND BIRTHDAY CAKES. SPECIALITY-SCOTCH MILK SCOS ES. TEA ROOES. FANCY CHOCOLATES Sc., IN GREAT VARIETY.

JOHN BROWN & CO kCCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSIN ESS AGENTS. (Es A.BLIBHED 25 YEARS.) ALL OLA.SES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTII JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

youß OLD SPOONS, rORKS, CRUErs, TEA. AIVD COFFER SETS Re-plated with pure Silver, and a written Guarantee to Wea. for TEN ICEnAS, iiret-claes quality, Jo AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12, MOUNT-PLEAANT LIVERPOOL. JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCIEBTS, ER-GILT, from fid.

r I 1 ILE LIF.EST MEDICINE POE BILIOLS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIRD, Slums, FearL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, Lose ow APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DISPepSIA, HEART- BURN, LoWNESB OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS, &C, AS A UnNERAL FAMILY AYlittilllST sInDICINE E. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE UNEQUALLiaD, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, are as Mild and tonic in their action as they are Certain in. that curative effects. They give an h,,ilthy tone and vigour to the different BeCretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. DR. 6 cDTT's PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBENT, 173, bIiYAIOUR FLADB, LONDON W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead,but insist upon having.the right thing, which iswrispped in a square green package. Bv Post tor 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER. FEBIWARY lora 1901.

IMPROVE YOUR WALK. BT STEPPING INTO A PAIR OF ALF TAYLOR'S, WONDERFUL BOOTS FOR EVRRYBODY TO FIT YOUR FANCY, FEET AND FINANCES. 45, HORSRMARKET STREET, 45, WARRINGTON. PA.TRONIZIi YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

WANTED. GENEILA.I. ; nest appearance; two children in family ; mother's help kept; £l.O Lo £l2; doctor's house.—Mrs. HAMMON, dcoueiey House, .slossley, hear Blanchester. •

WANTED WiNhUAL, (respectabie,) lor ULlt) lady, light housework, no washiug, comfortable borne offered to willing girl. RAO to Dutt.)TtrY-Srlift-Er. isdge Hill, Liverpool.

4.-zarnTsttr triorhicaultbitie ...thanes tito3 t 245) IIIICLIFIrOUS Vacancies. rostal Course ot Lei s new commencing lor Liv,rinol and Brvitoril exams. ; previous, experience unnecessary ; over 200 successful candidates. 4aint,ary bcienoe, Teacher, bunderlaucl. Name peper.

OttOFITABLIi GOOOS TO SIMI,. Every kind. Method 1 for beginners. Whotenth+ book tree.—Write iiEtiftr MAY, Merchant, (624), Birmingham.

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES. ON MONTHLY PAYMENTS 43.441MP0irN BEnn4o77lo4,oolln9d.ttolt New 10s. MONTHLY Carr' WA pall. Illustrated Plt ICS \l'arr LISTS POST FREE to .....;aoh,‘,..ozally achlress• THE BRITISII CYCLE MANUFACTURING Co, (1901) Ltd , 43, Everton ltd. Liverpool. Branch 23 Manchester St LlverpooL (Established 1832) '

. There's nothing better than Starch I. for starching. You can't add anything to it .that will really improve it. If it's good starch, pure starch, all the chemicals in the world won t make it better. Clothes last longer, retain their stiffness better, keep a whiter colour, when pure starch is used And Colman's Starch is an absolutely pure starch. • C 0 umANfs STARCH , Sold in z-lb., 'A-lb. and id. Boxes. See that Colman's name and the Bull's Head are on the box.

ilad Much Trouble with Bronchitis.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE; : Position of clubs up to February 9:11, 1901 1s . Club. Goals. P. W. L. D. For Aget. Pt. Trinity Athletic St. Helens L. & N.-W Rem 8 ... 3 2 3m 10 ... 5 ... 9 nrford Barracks ' Go'borne Rem St. Mary's Penketh 2ND DIU* ON. Club. Goals. P. W. L. D. For &Pt- Pt* Warrington Athletic Latchford, l7 ..10 5 ... 2 ... 40 ...26 _22 Stockton Heath l7 -10'. 5.. 2 ... 40 -.29 —22 Trinity Athletic Reserve 12 ... 9 ... 2 ... 1 ... 22 ...10 ...19 Britannia Combination St. Austin's lB 8 ... 2 ... 35 ...28 —lB St. Mary's Reserve &snow All Saints Frodsham Parish Church 12 ... 2 —lO ... 0 18 _32 4 Walton Warrington Hornets *Newton S. Petds having been expelled, their record HO expunged.

The Kidneys

The function of the Kidneys is to filter the blood. Disease is caused by the impurities left istile blood owing to the Kidneys not d g their work pro- perly. If the Kidneys are healthy the blood will contain nothing for disease to feed on. The remedy that will heal and strengthen the Kidneys, enabling them to purify the blood, and thereby banish disease from every part of the body, is

CPS ey Pills

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. the time to which a Letter eta os nos, ed with Ordinary Postage. and with an Extra Halfpenny stamp. 6 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows t -15 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton. Penketh Preston Brook. Frodshain. Ileisby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Nesechurch a.m. —Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatless Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, St )okton Heath, tretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10 0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 am.— Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S IL Lancashire. 9.30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhea 1, Southport. cad the Isle 11* a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Wales and Ireland. a.m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Prmeot. Southport, Birk enhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Whines, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 P.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury . North Wales, Londo and South p.m.—Liverpool. iouth)ort, Orrnskirk. B ah. Borist Exeter Gloueester. Plymouth, Yur•rattirs, Mane haste S-East Lancashire. and Seotland -0 p. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumbarlani, IVlgan Bolton 215 p.m. Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.--Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Nor th wich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch. Newton-la Willows, Manchester p.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padg ate and Bewsey 5 p,m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Eleatley S p.m.—St. Helens p.m.— Manchester . Liverpool and Chester p m.—Manchester. Peterborough. East Lincolnshire Yigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- -5-45 m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S. America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-3 p.m.—Preston. West Cumberland, Liverpool, Birkenhead Orrnsk'rk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m.—Night Mail Dispatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m.. 12 noon, 3-15 p m., and 6-15 p.m except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EAELESIOWN AND NEWTON. II RAD OFFICE ..• ••• ••• High-st„ Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan Ho irs of Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. XSuadayJ 7 to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-4) p.m. The Telessraph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 8, , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Isaacs:it Posy. --Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. 1 ETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30,and 3.30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Arne to which a letter can be posted with ordin as, and with an extra halfpenny stamp MAILS 1 Extra Stampd.

Ashton-in-Makerlield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwlok. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Pre scot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybrldge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham. Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool. North Wales,Prestou,St.Helens, Southport, and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, olborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mall. HECEIvING HoUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND Vi aLL BEER ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS t • RECE/V/Nei HOUSE— WEEK-DAYS. Earlestown and 13 p.m.

CLARKE'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitution's! Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. in boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent He Heine Vendor., through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the maker s . The Lincoln and Midland counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt. FxcillILINE I—Pon THE TEETH AND BREAT.I.— Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden flo gums, prey'. as tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 'as. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Flotillas ' Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Ada VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIL—If your hair lc turning grey orw bite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for It will positively restore. In every case, grey or white hair to Its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3e Gd per bottle. —Advt.

' .0., .' , .111101111101111141 ; d till g ' ' ' ' " . . ' 1 4 .. .. ~,,,..,........ 89.4..„.)./yOl ifizi.iiil .....,,,,:; milli 1 . qili -[.,,, ,P 4-7 „..is ' • lii ' 1--- 1 .'. 1...... .....,,, f.,... 1.,. 1, ~..-• - , i v 1010,, 1 . 101 laiipliiill I 1 It ) , 'D'4ll 111611914111 IL i i' ' ' . '''''''•; 0 ~ 1111 1 411' . I :i ..111 li'l. IPP The "PALMER," is the fastest. 1111 I h MO 4., . 1111 igh '4llll 1 II g" - The "PALMER " is the most resilicr.t. 1 I 0 • I , II I q lio The ' PALMER" is the easiest to detach. A i 1 I OIL' I I 'II ON PALMER HOLLOW RIM. • -:ci.- I '1)illi 11 1 As.;! your Agent what he thinks of it. Ash the British Public. Ask your Neighbours. .._ Their replies will convince you. (:,.... rhe,,_?4, Ars, TvT, R MANUAL, containing 1 Key Map and 11 Sectional Road Maps of the United Kingdom, i-ree to all applicants to Palmor T:yre, Ltd., Dept. No. 39 Birmingham. Made under License from the North Pr,t,sis It übbr r rr, . [MA, Bartlett's Pat ~,B. L...-1 _I

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, - viri_i . „ruent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be %WI, 'd upon and reduced to a more simple for. .. Take some good yound such a COCKL.r.;I3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and .we 1d thtt the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mystvt tut, c, ,inirtments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used. hu, . COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested uy nary thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so weii, may be set clown it., the best.—Observer. ffr% ,i 0 • ." LE ,s 6,? FREE FROM MFRCUR‘. '..., ANT/B/Litit.., Is # OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. I LL t.,,,.. 13 For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTIoN, &C _

Ts a wonderful waterproofer of II * . lee BOOTS & HARNESS. sof tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. fug with blacking. GOLD PAP DAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST 42 E., ~ 0 AWARD 3. 77ns 2d.. 6d., 11- &-, 216 oj Boot praq ~., 1 pial Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoneeors Zr'c. Manufactory Dulwich, ''' II London.

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Supply to Country Mansions, botels, and public Buildings, 4c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, W.C. WORKS: GREENWICH. LONDON, S.E.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that dales all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go en suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the .io ints being ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and bad medical advice and been told your case is hopeless. or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Became others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send at. once a Postal Order for 2s. 64. to R. W. ALBERT, 734 Parringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy fonth H e cure of Bad Legs, ousemaid's Knee. Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poiaoned Hands. ancll 81111i01111. tßegiateredeOPYright.i - -

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles' from all Grocers. 79

• . • FREE SAMPLE CASE ,e, . corrounmo Loanwiwititi • • 41 P:. ' 2,, R i CE.T u P " Apiovr .„-s` ' i tUltX,'• HEALIII" ...-"*".71 • ,r, ~ RrDlAcajj,LorllT , 7..gz- . DOTAGE ....4., "eA. ri el it A "V 4 --7(itAfWe' fr— til . -Ct 7 14500 su • 1 ,---40 owOfr .0.1. A .4, VAUMALL fl Mt, . LIVERPOCIei , __,,,3- ,044:1-ti//$1toilfire . te 0 wel Tx, L __.

WIDNES FIRST TEAM. FIXTURES AND :SCORES. 1900. Pts 61.. pt. For Apt , 1 Warrington home 3 6 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow , home 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 1,1 Leigh home 2 3 Oct. 6 Salford away 0 27 13 Runcorn home 10 0 27 Rochdale Hornets away 0 13 Nov. 3 Warrington(S.W.L.&l3.T.Oupo.)away 7 20 10 Broughton Hangers home 0 17 17 Oldham away 2 9 24 Stockport home 5 0 Dec. 1 Warrington away 7 10 15 Swinton home 2 37 22 Millom away 0 0 29 St. Helens home 8 0 1901. 3au. 5 Oldham home 2 18 12 Broughton Hangers away 3 20 19 Barrow away 0 7 26 Minoru home 2 0 Feb. 9 St. Helens ....................... ... away 5 7 16 R..ehdale Hornets home '23 Salford home Mar. 16 Stockport away April. 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan home

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OP TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters front people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to sight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood' Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvillous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles Is. 9d. and us. eacS of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG UOMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless imtation 5.

:: ':. ,0-,,,i , Ai' • ~ .. i ~.,, irsll bl ' ' 1 cLa . •Ft`; f '''' t 14 d '' ii, tIMS' d'\4l URES BRONCHITIS,. 'ISTIEIMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Thtt,-„..0'-: Qqinsy, t.; 7 cHAPpE* HANDS, CRILBLAINS, SCURII77- ego. IT LS INVALUABI 17, IN TEE TREATMENT 0? • Stiff Joilats, Spit:lint:liras, EE-t=, sosaas, mrta EVERY FORM OF SKIN VSEASE. dts.nufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street. Lcndon, and sold by all Chemfsts and Medicine Vendor&

Prepared only by the Proprietor, Tnouns BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in bnv..s is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. • Sold everywhere.

gra AmAG E "s IJON;Q:I3E . weirs . . . COUNTRY RESIDENTS. • , •.,,, Knowing the popular taste to be strongly in favour of the "Times' /IW\ • System or monthly Payments, we intend giving our customers the . 414:;(:\ z/ iv bewinseetibetosfpmenotneiyn tahadtiwtreoreulndtotfhoer- rm il'*- of advertisement by supplying ea--- -,;,...,...„,,m5i0rT one of our world-famed "Ilium" 0016 ofklutaast. cash or 12 Monthly Instal- . 4 il,, TisPivßommisost° 111, . . ments of 15s. 3d., which works A SIXPENCE DAY. . '- --...r-.." -1.... Mt..-The materials used in ---' the manufacture of the "Ilium" \._ Cycle are identical with those ..,"'"--A- ~,,. used in our machines which were /,' .% 1 ••- ~ supplied to the CV/. during the 41 "A*4\ . 117 ": ' '' ob., N....Ser war, and which successfully stood ,fteab,.'-'-',N; At_.l"--' .-,.- , 11111se- - •,, —.°l4 11110,..04 , ~--42144., -ft...4 •ft - , 111,,, ~ '...a..1 the severe test to which they were opy . subjected. . 1414 11,1AUtii OUR CHALLENGE TO THE ENTIRE CYCLE TRADE Is to produce a machine of equal value to that here offered and upon the same terms. SPECIFICATION. Bearlnge.-Hardened ball bearings to all parts. Gear.-6.1, rent option. Chain wheel Up toes teeth, Frame.- Diamond Cast hardened steel. i in. pitch roller-chain. Wheels. -mil hr li in. Clipper Tyres. Brake.-Plunger ortim. Spokes-Doublet:ward & tied. tangent high tension. Toughened cranks. Finished in black, and usual JD pattern compression and seat stays i oil-retainit.g bright parts plated on copper. bracket. Height of Frame.-23, 25, ,a. :7 in Brake. Mudguard and Chain Wheel Detachable. Guaranteed for 12 Months. MO YEARS STERLING REPUTATION BACKS THIS OFFER. YOU CAN HAVE YOUR MACHINE NOW ii.. . By Paying the Deposit of A. W. GAMAGE LP 118, HOLBORN, LONDON, B.C.

For Particulars and Post Free CATALOGUE:

THE WANT OP,) THE DAY. MANES STARCHED LINEN LIKK NEW. r- r HE GREATEST CR ITCHt Ey ' Lieuvne„ret p,rf-1111Fart7tileNng an Ivory ~, finish to Starched -,... .... Linen. Laces, etc. & .., ~,.. , N • ; iioes not stick to spider- A ri ~ - ' web - like materials , . S ii .• ~ ll' 'l, ''' Once tried alwaNs ~1 Ai KZ ' ' ' .. ' . wanted. Used in the '"' It oy a 1 Laundries, Should be used in e rery house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, at 3d., and 6d. Prepared only T. CIUTCHLET, Blackburn.

DR. DE. ROOS' COMPOUND RENAL PILLS re justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases o' the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain Impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, ..WALTIIII DE HOCH. LONDON." thereon, by order ot her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. Si at all Medicine Jjouses, or post free from Proprietors Holford House, Holford-square. London. W.C.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION. Tpohpivaurccerssful and highly ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Rioordemitodsyta.n,aTmobeemrt, Velpean, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, lotchgs, pains nod swell- ings of the Joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, pliPs, gravel, pains in the aok. rheu- matism, gout, erkaustion,sleeplessness,nervour rod physical debility. etc. Tberapion is preparedlin three di?' erent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3'; according to dlseasu for at ,eh intended. Full particulars send stamped adiressed envelope , for pamphlet to MR. R. 7OHNSON,W HOLPOILD-SQIIARE. LONDOA, .0. SYMINGTON EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious cr,f7cp in a moment. Nu trouble, no naste. ri smai, and large bottles, from all Grocers. EUARANTEED PURE. 10e

• WATCH a own nu ONE DAY'S WORK • Boys and Girls eari god a NICKEL. PI,ATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and w. CHARM for selling I{ dnten paekage, of , BLUINIS at givepence each. send your fall address, including name Of County, • by retu, n mall, and xre Will forward the Blutne. • 7 post paid, and a larwe premium list. No money required. BLUINE Co. (Department Fl! 341, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London. S.&

AIAN Li' MEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aud guaranteed genud .• I cannot find words to express ow .nau....a, tam. I used to think 1 never would get cure I I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have saved many pounds.—O F M." I nave carrl,d out your Instructions, and am now per fecty well.—J.F." Book tent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, ...treat Russell Street, London, W.C. Send at once mad be cured 12 Years Continuous Success .FITS CURED . From the 11The lees ee Ogallala eta emu. Ti ku eared PKRM ANENTL*2 the .or, wart mate of Fpilmsy when every orb,, remedy had failed. Prim 4e. Sd. and xis,, Post Fres. Thousands ot Testlmonima, Srod foe a pru 5..04 .sjo, sad tee 0. Write to—l Department 7.1 I. list. Pbarmaeeutmal Chemist, 25, wto 'treat, Bottsurt.

cs-Yrrnsmnnsnmrtnrcrirenns )0 Nothing steadies the nerves and clears tile brain lace a ce strong cop of SYMINGTON'S tc:) Edinburgh Coffee E...3F,ncre In oe bottles from all Grocers. 82 c. QS g

. TAKE. _ , , • ef_ ___-_,, 1 -‘'46 VI\SkS 5" ' `L. _,-,-.1-,• m,, 1 I ' ; ~ -, •..--- • - • _1 : •,,,,... „,,,,,, 6,„.p A ,I, tT? Olin • - C • 6 I, I J I. s,. . • : eCAIGNS 1 •'. ,1 ..! ' i .... , 1.,..-3 .. • -10 P. • eOI,SOS t iN .f•'; ASPIA's BROf.M P/DS. a P.": '4•-"'• -, -- --.:.- ---' ''''.-----.41-1:1-03v5ENYEEFA.FIRCSA. CY ---- AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY_ LOOSENS PHLEGM. ... ALLAYS COUCH. , , GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF ••• -LINUM C.ATHARTICUM PILLS. •:,- FOR INDIGESTION 8 ITS EVILS. '.al SIGKBEADACHE BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • Be. ',.. AN AGREEABLE APERIENT. , "KAY TIC PILLS- •:- •:. ,l. GUPE FAGEAGHE & NEURALGIA. il 4 . REFUSE SUBST/rures. . . . • SCW 9Y AIL CYEMISTS TN RJUCNOLIT CPEAT SRI TAI ri & TIIE . -_ -- - ..., ' 1 1

THE WARRINGTON COUNCIL. NATIONAL SIMULTANEOUS MISSION In connectionlwith the above a GREAT UNITED MISSION. Will be held in BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH From FEBRUARY 11th to nth, 1931, The First Week, PREPARATORY PRAYER MEETINGS ; will be held in the Schoolroom, from Eight to Nine each evening. let by local ministers and others. THURSDAY, February 14th, will be observed as a DAY OF PRAYER, as follows : 11 toll noon, dev. T. BIS OP; 12 to 1, Rev. 0. FINCH ; 2 to 3, Rev. d . S. HUGHES; 3 to 4, Mr. S. B. STRINGER; 4 to 5. Rev. 3, F. MATTHEWS ; 8 to 9, Mr. ARTHUR MOUNFIELD. Oa SATURDAY. February 16th. A MEETING OF CHRISTIAN WORKERS will be held in the Chapel at 8 p.m., for the purpose of welcoming Rev. JOHN GOULD. Admission by ticket, to be obtained from the ministers or secretaries. SECOND WERK UNITED EVANGELISTIC SERVICES willlbe held, conducted by the Rev. JOH 4/ GOULD. Sun- days at 3p m. and 3 o.m. Week days at 3 p.m. and 7.31. UNITED CHOIR, SANKEY'S HYMNS. On SATURDAY, February 23rd, A GREAT TEMPERANCE MEETING will be held, presided over by R. A. NAYLOR, E Q. COLLECTIONS.

ASSEMBLY ROOM, CONSERVATIVE CLUB, SANKEY-MIMIC, WARRINGTON. ON MONDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 18rft. MR. TOM BOOTHROYD'S PUPILS' CONCERT. A most charming Programme of Violin, Mandoline, Banjo. Solos. Duets, etc; Songs by Miss BEATTY SOPRANO. Mr. W. H. IRELAND TENOR. HUMORIST: Mr. WHIT CLINLIFFE, " Tizz Hunonotta MIMIC." MR TOM BOOTHROYD'S BANJO. MANDOLINE & GUITAR ORCHESTRA will play Selections including a Grand Fantasia on Scotch Melodies. PRICES : Reserved Chairs, 25.; Second Seats, Is; A4mission,6d. Doors open at 7.0 Concert at 7.30. Tickets may be hae'rom. Mr. Tom Boothroyd's Studio, 9, Suez-street ; Mr. S. H . Jordan. Bridge-street; Members of the Orchestra and Pupils.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF W A REUNG CON. WAR, IN SOUTH AFRICA. The TRANSVAAL CAMPAIGN RELIEF COMMITTEE are reluctantly compelled to make a FURTHER APPEAL TO THE PUBLIC FOR FUND to enable them to continuo to support the Wives and Children of Reservists and Volun- teers now serving in South Alec.. The money in band will enable the Committee to continue this assistance for about six weeks longer and as a further Contingent of Volunteers has been ordered t , the Front the need of additional help is most urgent. -to The Committee therefore confidently appeal to the public fir renewed kelp in providing for the wives and dependents of the men who still endure, or are about to undertake the hvdships of the South African Campaign. Subscriptions may be.paid into any of the Banks or direct to the Hon, Treasurer, Bank House. HENRY ROBERTS. Mayor. Town Hall, Warrington, February 8, 1901,

BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS. DoN'T FAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY. ALL ARTICLES PRICED IN PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, FOR CASH. J. S. GARLAND. FURNISHING IRONMONGER. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

PURE • BEER. BOLTON BROS., MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, GUARANTEE All BITTER BEER. STOUT, or PORTER, as being Brewed from MALT and HOPS only. They also GUARANTEE all their ALES to be PURE, FREE FROM ARSENIC, or any other poisonous ingredients. They have received the following oertificate : Health Department, Municipal Offices, Warrington. December let, 1900. Dear am glad to inform you that a sample of beer taken from the Exchange Inn Is free from arsenic, Yours sincerely, 4401014r47) "oliiiN4e` JOHN if GOBNALL.

• KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S rowDz KEATINGS POWD R. Mills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetle& Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetled. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetleg. NEW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 11- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/ NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., 61., If- Kills Fleas, Bogs. Moths, (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Reid. in Tins, 3d„ 6d., and ls., also ill the new filled Bellows. 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

F OR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATO DENTISTRY. TEEEEEETTTHEIH... Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. AU consultations free. Each patient informed relaqerectand the costwor Og TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-,nless ExotfraVict)rnouass laBxtlr by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the lee J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY REAM MANCHE5TER.........—...46, MOSLEY-STREET crelephoo- MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENg ...._GEORGE-STREET MONDAI, 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON ....-.-3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ..... BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH-- 18, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.
