===== 0002601_19010419_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
spect rid he F and Pule )nour

===== 0002601_19010419_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
3etles• Betles. eetlef,

000, gtOrl, Mari OM

a 9' id

I

POSPERS OF ALL SIZES tf4.l- b 43 Inspected and Betimates:obtained at the Office, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, 2EwsEy STREET. WARRINGTON. PRINTING WOE SCHOOL BOARDS, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN,

I;II°URAUMES FOR BAZAARS. 4°GRAMmEs FOR SALES OF WORK.

J. WALKER & CO %vim, STREET, W A RRING TON.

A A. k AY'

===== 0002601_19010419_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
• • 411 je , nie L.‘v .1 A„, ,4,1\ (i . L Lt

Factuomir, 11.13R1L 19, 1901.

WHITE STAR Li NE - ROYA MAIL BTRAYBRB. /IN LIVHEPOOL to NEW YORE via Queenitown. GERMANIC...Wed.,AprII 24 I OCEANIC Wed., May 8 MAJLISTIC Wed. May 1 TEUTONIC, ...Wed., May 15 Third Clam passage at low rates ieoludiug Outfit tree of charge to New York, Boston, pntia aelphiet, or Baltimore Apply to TalLiT. IMBIE. and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockepur Street g 44N a• 34.!Leaderilsatnatre London

By POST lls 73id per Quarter, 6. 64 per minim is 9d. per Quarter ered

===== 0002601_19010419_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1149.

THR WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME PPOIK THE QUARRIES OP THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BIORBRSHAW COAL). READ OFFICE AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. ow Sidings au/ Ernint Offloo Marion Street, Warrington

JOHN W ALKER AND Co.. BE WSEY STREET, WARRING

PROPRIETORS OF TEE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, RUNCORN EXAMINER. WIDNES EXAMINER. ST. BELENS.EXAmINER:

===== 0002601_19010419_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FISH & GAME Co., LIMITED.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
DEALERS IN ALL HINDS OF

FISII AND

===== 0002601_19010419_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
INVALID ICE ALWAYS IN S LOCK.

SOUTHPORT SHRIMPS FRESH DAILY.

CUSTOMERS WAITED ON AT THEIR RESIDENCES AND ALL ORDERS RECEIVED WILL

HAVE lIIMEDIArE ATTENTION.

14, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON

(LATELY OCCUPIED BY MR. ALFRED WOODS, JEWELLER).

TELBETONE No. 227.

TELEGRAMS : "GAME," Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE

& BLUE COFFEE. Delicious for Breakfast and after Dinnec. In making, use less quantity, it being stronger than ordinary Coffee. SOLD EVERYWHERE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged. TEETH Ail oonsultations free. • tam. Bach patient In! onr ,d beforehand of work required. Turra Gold and other fillings at moderato charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid Of Nitrous. Oxide. 'TEETH. Maker to Deacon of 10,000galion• weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(Darner Br lizAit.3. SIOSLEY-STREE r (Telephone 1680),

MR. MADDIsoN ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...- ----GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON --...3e, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, 31, BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH_,-18, APYLESIARKET-STREZT

FRIDAY, II to 12, and 1 to 5.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, &c., BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. ANALYSIS—NITROGEN AMMONIA PHOSPHATES PRICE .E 2 15s. PER TON. At Yard or Free on Rails, Bags Free. bs. PER TON DISCOUNT FOR CASH. Compare the price and analysis with other manures. , The Manure is sent out in dry friable condition to ensure even distribution and little labour in sowing, and is free from any objectionable smell. 1 After last Season's most satisfactory reports tram ens tomer' I have every confidence of again clearing out all my Stock and will be glad to receive Orders Early.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSR SLAUGHTERER. MANURE MANUFACTURER. _ ALLEN-STRERT. WARRINGTON. - SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :-TOOLII. WARRINGTON. TALEPziorra No. 222.

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER

IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR

ALL DISEASES OF rnE BLOOD.

CLEANSES the system from all Impurities. CURBS PIMPLES ON THE FACE. CUICES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE REIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORBS.

V

===== 0002601_19010419_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL.

Messrs. BOOT3.—It gives me much pleasure to send youa testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered frees a bad leg and dropsy for ;some time, and had been in the habi;; of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give it a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy, that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do.

(Signed) G. P. SOLOMON.

PRICES Is. AND Is. 9.1. PER BOTTLE.

SULPHUR TABLETS

CONTAIN ALL THU VIRTUES OF THAT

===== 0002601_19010419_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FASHIONED REMEDY.

PRICES 6n. AND 11D. PER BOX. Containing double the quantity utually told.

40711,11

COMPOUND

i.nfte

, Tr,

SARSAPARILLA PACKETS,

• Comp()Jed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root. Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacum Wood, Manna's Root, Licorice, to.

D. PER PACKET.

Makes one quart. Full directions enclosed.

By a course of WILLS' BLOOD AND SKIN POWDERS

Blotches. Pimples. Boils, &e., are speodily end permanently cured.

PRICE 6i. AND is. PER BOX.

'

&Ore_ COAL TAR SOAP.

PURIFYING 1 ! DISINFECTING ! !

- - - BOOTS COAL TAB SOAP le an excellent cosmetic for the pretervation of the skia. and for making it delicately loft and bealtby.

2i PER TABLET FIVE TABLETS FOR Is.

BOOTS, CASH OREMISTS. 35. ER t DGB-STYRRT, 5. MUD 4E-STRKET u"IRINGT"'

Alio at BRIDGE-STREET. RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ALBRRT-ROAD. WIDNES, 6, ORMSKIRK-STREBT. ST. MMUS.

7,%ij

YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. pnwes it before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to the Pub/le. keeps your name bet Ore them, serves to make von atter known anlohg them, at a very small cost. COMMERCIAL PRINTING EX-

_ .ECETED AT THE LOWEST PRICE. WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY srazry

I

1

LADIES' LETTER.

Mr Masa NELLIE, The new lace straw, so thick and coarse in part, and so gossamer, is an excellent choice tor a spring hat, and the turban shape a good one to desire. Trimmed with a scarf of tulle, flecked with chenille and airy rosettes, it is spring-like, yet not too much so. Picture hats are adorned at the back with large flat bows, and in front have a long buckle, threaded through the band round the crown. A hat itself may be a fanciful construction, perhaps of pleated gauze on a chenille frame the gauze a substantial variant of the usual fArie.

For silk blouses, glace silk still holds its own, although the softer varieties are rivalling it seriously. Some of the neatest glace blouses are tucked all over with the exception of the deep collar of the sailor type, which is more often stitched. The small pointec, or spade-shaped vest, together with the under-sleeves, are of white silk or mousseline, and a pretty ribbon tie of one kind )r another generally completes the blouse. Blouses of Japanese silk intended for wear a little latez on, when warm days may be reasonably expected, are Icquently made without a neck-band, the small yoke of lace or tucked mousseline being cut slightly square at the base of the throat. This yoke can be lined or not, and the under-sleeves, if there are such, must correspond with it. Braces of lace-insertion are seen on many blouses of this sort, but, on blouses of Paisley or bandana silk, bretelles of satin or velvet, ribbon look better than lace elms.

F ~;:.

C.-

saw a nice flower hat with a bow and ends of black velvet at the back. Such a hat took the form of a sweeping up-turned coal-scuttle brim, all palest rose pink gauze, of great height, decorated with the proverbial wreaths of roses at the base of the brim upon the coiffure, and snugly arranged at fhe back to meet a knot of brightly burnished hair, sad more roses. Delicious effects are gained by scaled tulle, in other words by tulle so arranged that the scales of a big fish are suggested. It is carried out over a shimmering foundation of gold sr silver tissue, with the happiest results. A very tnrious but lovely chartreuse, the colour of a sar- peot's skin, was thus manipulated over glistening ;old tissue in the beautiful example mentioned. Ciao shape is the turban, with a dull gold buckle &aping the brim, and bronze green ostrich plumes starting from it, flecked with a few striking white fronds.

In a pretty frock of pink cloth the skirt is after 4111111 of the new designs which simulate & treble dtirt. It is needless to say that there are not in reality three skirts running the whole way up to the waist. This would make a thickness some- thing like that displayed by the fishwomen of *toted resort whose wealth is shown by the mum- bar of petticoats they wear. The form of the upper part of the skirt is carried up princess fashion to the height of the ordinary corselet or shaped belt. Thss is a fashion that is very becoming to most figures. In one instance the bodice is finished elith a triple bolero, simulated just as the skirt is. The trimming with which both skirts and holerc are ed4erl is a black fancy braid. The collar is Week silk covered with lace, which may be either Meek or a deep string colour.. This always looks very well with pink, especially when black plays any part in the composition. The sleeves carry out the triple idea, and are of the modified pagoda or bell shape, over cuffs of white muslin and in. section to match the vest. The black velvet tie has ornamented ends, after the present style. A band of lace covers the collar.

Appearances show that this will he a season fot eat-door amusements and simp!icity, rather th.it otherwise. The patterns and colourings in thesP batiste, cotton and muslins are more charniing steer than ever before; the pinks are so rosy, and the blues as cerulean as a midsummer sky, whilst the flowery sprays and garlands suggest treasuret from an old•workl garden. The majority of these Crocks Shoukl be sent to the cleaners, rather than ito the laundry, but if they are to be washed, both bodice and skirt should be free from any thWag or foundation, and with as few folds or gathers as possible. Alpacas and mohairs will be fashionable for morning gowns for street wear this season, treated with a good deal of coarse lace as trimming. The pin-spot alpacas are effective and stylish-looking, and make up well with fronts and revers of satin the same shade as the spot. In fact, the alpaca gown is being made to look very dressy, for the 'skirt and bodice are treated with open herring - boning, in coarse, twisted silk, which reveals a different-coloured silk lining underneath. The open work or herring-bone insertion is one of the Leading fancies, and is especially noticeable on eactl silk gowns. Royal blue is a fashionable • colour in glaciS silk just now, and a good model was made with a much-flounced skirt, ,the floulice, continued right tap to the waist, each ffonlice pipeti and corded with black satin and lined with deer cream satin. The bodice had a short bolero 01 black satin, tucked all over, showing the blue glace under-bodice pouched at the waist over a black satin waistband, and opening over an billet vest of deep ecru lace, gathered into a big bow it the centre. This rich Royal blue has a certaii chic of its OPT.

•

Your loving JENNIE.

CD( ki .1 ;11-i PATENT SELF_ A ISING FLOU 1' PREVENTS V INDIGESTION

, , .'. '. - .t, ; , 1 1 .., I' i 1 . ) -.1 , ,' .1 C: 1 '- 1 1; .• '.- • ; Ir. t---A 0Tt.,1 _ . - • P: • iv ,A. ~-. ~., ~ , ~.' 4 ~.k4 •-.,. ~ ~.. , ~,....)-,... , . ~ .. , . ~•_, ,%;,,jit : . . , .

.?....4: "•-••47 e 6: (6) '''''k''\ . * 7,. A, ' .., A 4 , 7. '%.20,,,kit1i 'y (..o) g 3"" ' .."'-. ,f , t ~... , "I: --'' . ' 't. A3ts ' . •IP 77 .W. / • C \ °.- / ----(.- \• i f 4 '1 .--,}: 1 . - / 7-7 N / 1 \ ( • -.---) , C.) I

-,l:'''- ' ~("?; 'i : . '"4., ,a', --, ' . , -!,;„..4:5: .I,—, ';:r, ~ ,---s.--.4,.f.. ... 10. • ..r. • • / fr,/&:-4,-.-.7 .ffii 4 ,1-`:',.. ' ' r ~,,g- ,/, ~ / / p lA' ...1 • '•,''' ''t , . / -i ' ' /'' ' f "'re ~,,"••/", 0,./ , 'TM/ ~.., '// ,ffj'/' ~ / , , ...-t--,,'• ',/ / ' ' ri, // . , - Agr .!. ~,,- ‘`ll /// '''',..!:,,,•:.,ci,,.;:a1.V.-.1';:;.. ' ''''' •,:i.,:ii,l;:;42"Aiir /e.:,:,....*P".4ji1ie1'.1111 I . • 1

4\- , r . ,

===== 0002601_19010419_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOU.S.

P PS'S

GF ATEFUL-GOMFORTING.

6

3REAk FAST—o:/ppEn

WOMEN'S CHAT.

The hapos which were entertained that the L-inclun season would revive aft's' th. period of gloom, seem destined to be disappointed. Public mourning is now supposed to be at an end, but one would scarcely inv‘giue this to be the case from the reluctaece to dis- card the more sombre st:szle ef dress. In .8 loiety circles there is little or nothing doing, and though no one ii surprieed that there are no Drawing aroma, yet the modistes, and thrists, and trades folk generally, are wistfully -regarding the loss of business this raea t) them.

Royal entertainments are, of cortrse, out of the quer- tion, but in addition t.) the close] dors of he Rees! Palsces, there is the general stagnacireo on the aoctil side of political life. The national mourning bds natur- ally bad the effect of closing I h great Erases tar even at other times, there are no lavish entertainers in poli- tical life, in the sense in which Cambridge House was thrown open in the days of Lord Palmerston. Most of the leaders in political circles might almost as we I live abroad, with their families, for all the influsnee which their absence vroWd make in Society. . . Ttere will be an enormous crush at the Drawing Rooms next year. Net only will there b. two seasons' presentations, but many above the usual number will be anxious to attend, in view of the Coronation and its accompanying festivities. It is to that event, and a brilliant season next year, that the Society tradespeople are looking for a harvest, but these visions of wealth may be partially dimmed by the transferenoe of some of these favours from London, to Edinburgh and Dublin. The rumours that Royalty will hold sepatate Courts are so far based mainly Ott the supposition that it would be impossible to hold all the Drawing Rooms in London next year, and that therefore some would be held in the different capitals fa confirmation of these rurnaurs, there is the resent announcement that El-lyre-rod Niece ha-to be again made a centre et Royal State. Thoush Queen Victoria visited Rolyrood on several eccasions,the last great visit of State was paid to it in 1822, by King orge IV,wbo held his Court there flolyrOol is more 'famous for its ancieet history than for its magnificence, land though it was improved iii 1.857. it Still remains much the same as when it was the chief : eat of the Scottish Socsteigns. 1 The opera season, which opens on May 13th, with a , I,pesformacce of Gounod's Romeo and Juliet," will be 1 hut little affected by the Court mourning. Society,. , which eschews the theatres in a period of doer) mourn- ingspermito itself to go to the opera house. The Royal" box, which has not known the presence of the Sovereign for forty y ears, has been resarnisned, and it is- fani expected that tile King and Queen will be seen at Covent Garden later in the season. Meanwhile Sir II nry Irving has commenced his London season at the Lyceum, with the long promised productien of "Coriolatius." This is one of Shakespeare's tragedies with which the present generation of play- goers is least familiar, and it has not been seen in London since Mr Phelps played it forty years ago: Sir Henry 'minters rendering of the play is in three acts, with Miss Ellen Tarry as Volumnia, and needless to say it is given with all the thoroughness and perfection, which characterises Sir Hermr Irving's productions. The return of the" Duchess of Devonshire "is thought likely to revive the large Gainsborough hat, so p pular many years ago. As a matter of fact we have long hatle, modifications of this style of covering in the lar. gat, picture bats which will be worn as much as ever that , summer. Some of the Parisienne milliners are endeav- (luring to boom the small. bonnet, but it seems very doubtful if it will find favour bere. There is much to be said for this style of headgear for women of short stature. Nothing, in fles ;. enhererning to the short and stout, as the large Gainsboroush hat, e.p.cially when woem at anything like an extravagant angle, as in the picture. Such a style only suits very tall women, and it is rather to be hoped titre t it will net become the vogue, seeing apt for the great hulk of us, how much in our appearance depends upon strict moderation and simplicity in millinery. Blouses ard shirts with the aid of a gnrd patter:roma7 easily be manufactured at hems, and with marked suac.ess, by the industrieus among ur, tus the Same can- not be said of the Eton cost. or bonne), both of which it is certainly advisable, to have professionally cut and fitted. A black elite silk Etrn.or boternes a nece.s,ty in every modern wardrobe, but it is as great a caricature when utiperfect, as it in a secret and iestoarce- wt. satisfactory. Much trimming i. not desirable, ' glace itself is freely cut in top leatings and s' and also forded into tucks, and the more up-.!e pleats. These latter are like double tuck.. being firmly stitched down, so that only a S: is formed that yields ne fulness, pincer it cannot us, 'sanded. The newest boleros have long sleeves, and are wholly or partly open down the front. Cycling woes is often a puzzle to riders who wish to look bulginess-like yet not peculiar. The patent skirt that hangs so nicely when the wearer is riding, is usually ungraceful when she is walking, and tatvn altogether nothing is more generally useful than the fairly-long *kW of the Cyclists Touring Club, cry—or for non-members a dull fawn—cut with deep in-turned pleats at the track. Stirrups, or clips are absolutely essential, and a fairly small hat. The sailor variety is too universal to please all taree, and modish riders now ehonae a mnr rival brim, ands plain trimming of piece- lilk,sr Of glace ribbon. The fancy for woollen underwear is abating even more thau the change of season eeerns to warrant. The in- flammable nature of certain fluffy Cotton fahric.,midway 'to texture between wool and longcloth, has helped to bring about a revulsion of feeding in favour of the latter textile, and of calice, fine linen,. and cambria. The dainty etitcbety aed embroidery of former cia.7s haa returned.and elaborate under-bodices—the bolero shape is mest in favour—chemises, and niebt-dresses, are engaging the att •otion of all clever needlewnmen. Thia raimeet is certainly more pleasing in apPearancs than are dingy natural-entnured weeriss„ Speaking of woolies ferlaUldS one of the appeal by Lord Kitchens. I,e further surplies of Csmferto r the soldiers in South Africa. C ,ef in demand ate tobacco, che colate, and other luxuries, and after theee, heavy garments such as cardigans and w tisteoata. It is a re- ereetahle fact that the majority of our women produced piles of cuffs, mufti ra. socks (the latter ususlly far too small a ruzs to be useful), leavine eo 'nterestinre and easy week to be supplied by the industrinum few. It is to be hoped that knitters and crecheters will now not merely turn out such ttinga as are required at the mnmenr, but that they will persist in their efforts, not ursue• them only when they are thought to be fashien- pbes We Should do well to remember.ton,that garments r.ceived in South Ate-ca duting our spring and eummer are in time for wear in winter in that antipodal clime. Fre Vace and window curtains are re-•w being tied hark with the new supports made on the principle of the nulley-bee. Short lengths of wide ribbon come on each ;OP ~f the curtain from the rum:ending honk beyond it aril terminate with • brass ring. Through the rings passes a narrnwer ribbon or core, which Is drawn in mush er little as ressoired,end fastened cif in a frill how " MADGE."

f not

1 when

CLARKE'S B 4i PILL 9 are war-anted to cure, in either vox, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. (travel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercers. Established upwards of 30 Tears. In boxes 4s 6d. each. of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor throu sh- nut the world, or sent for slats stamps by the makers The I Incoln and Midland Counties Drug Company Lincoln.— Advt.

PLORITTifir t—roll 4 'MK 1 EXTII AND RREAT9.- - Tlioroluhi• cleanses the teeth from all parasites we- in.:parities. harden n• gums, preot, ts.,:tarter. stops decay. and Stil7Ce to the teeth n peettlia• -yrarir whiteness and II delizhtful frazranee the treath. Price Is. 6,1. for tte liquid, or is. per jar or Fteriiir. • Pomrler." of all Chemists en,-1 Perfumers dein

F•LUADLY DOIZOVS':RY FOR 'FRF AAIR,—It yoor hair 1. orning grey ore hire or falling off I,se ih. MF.XICAN Han. I:Er+rwEß. ,or it wilt t,oeitf rely restore. in every case. grev or white hair to its anginal colony. It makes the hair eharromglo • er..ntiful, nA we las promoting the Lrowth. Priori 3s Ed - d

" CLA RK E'S OR L P-FAM&D Br.oo D :CATLIKE" .3 R guitran 'eed enre for all Blood and Skin Diaeases. It is the mos earching cleanser ever discovered. and it will free th .ystem from ill irnpuritlea from whatever cause ariaint VorScrolnli., Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs. Pimples and Sore of all 1, inds, its effects are marvellous. Tbousanais of Testi monials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware o orthless imitations and aelbstitutes.—Advt. 1 TRUSS.—New washable weterproof Is the most suitable lot tropical climates ; it is light, clean, cool. comfortable. and durable; can be word Phiist ha, hing. WfllTjf & WRIGHT. SUrgical Inwument Makers, 93, Renshaw-street, opposite top of Po.e.-theet, Vvorpool. Advt.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW RAILWAY, PROJECT, • Warrington Affected,

A railway is pr-jected to open out a shorter Ind quicker route Isom Leicester. and districts south thereof on the Great Central Railway to Manchester, Liverpool, Wigan. St Helens, and Southport, and vice versa, and diminiph the distance +and time I etween them; to con- nect tee to ens of Leicester, Derby. Astthourne, Leek, Macclesfield. Manchester (London Road and Central), Pr(stblify, Wilmslow, Warrington (Central), and Li+er- pool (Central), and to open out new districts ind de% e'on their resources.

Commencing by a junction with the Great Central Railway at Be!grave (near .Leicester), the line—abont 74 miles in length—would pass ithrough Thucaston, Wosdhou+e. Sheepshed, Donnington Castle, Blown°, Derby, KOK Langley, Berillsford, Act bourne, Oatrotter, Blore, Cau'don, Leek, Meerbrooke, Winele, High Button. Macclesfield, Prestbury, Wilmslow, and Stye', and terminate by a junction with the Great Central Railway (Cheshire Lines) at Baguley. The line would open nut a direct route and give improved railway cern- , munication between Leicester, &c. and Manchester, Liverpool. Southport and Wigan and effect a saving of about twenty miles between Leicester and Manches- ter, and thirty miles hctween Leicester and Liverpool as compared with that via Ntiogbam, Sheffield. and Pent. stone, and be about ten miles shorter than the Midland 11 route, with a corresponding sawn gif time. It would. I moreover. intimately connect and give additional facili- ties to the towns of Leicester, Derby, A‘hbourne. Leek, Macclesfield, &c., and also for the conveyance of farm and other produce to the neighbouring markets. The connection which by this proposed railway should be effected between the important systems of the Great Central Railway and the Cheshire Lin.s would ensure a considerable saving of mileage and time, and greatly increase railway accommodatinn to the general public, as it would form an important link in a direct route and bring Leicester and districts south thereof into closer connection with Menehester. Liverpool, and South Lan- cashire. The whole district served by Ma intended railway would thus be placed in direct communication with Macclesfield, Manchester. Warrington, Liverpool, cn the one hand of Leicester and the whole of the Great Central Railway south thereof and London (fdarylebone) on the other. The aavaritages of good railway accommodation ti landowners, residents, farmers, and traders are now en universally admitted that it is almost unnecessary te refer to them. The proposed "Leicester, Derby, Mac- clesfield, Manchester, and Liverpool Junction Railway" would form an important link in the railway system and pass through and open up new districts, and enable the I Great Central Railway Company to extend their system I and shorten their route from Leicester (via Derby, Ash- I bourne. Leek, and Maccleafield) to Manchester, Live,- pool, Southpoit, and South Lancashire generally, and give increased and improved railway communication and accommodation locally and generally:

===== 0002601_19010419_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
• but the I I strappings :c-date box • escla ,fuld flat triaising cannot be ex-

ANOTHER KNUTSFORD SENSATION.

Married on Thursday Dead on Sunday. Au unique event was witnessed at the KontsfA.d Parish Church on Thursday last week, when Mr T Stephen Jones, a well-known and respected official in the clerical department of his Maj sty'a gaol at Knutsford. eon- j ducted two daughters t the altar and there gave them I away in marriage. The young ladies' names were Eleanor Serv•t and Harriet Ernistine, and they were thd eldest, and second daughters respectively of Mr Jones. The respective bridegrooms were Mr Charter- Arthur Leer, third son of Mr Titus Lees, of Kout, ford ; and Mr James Firrester Holland, of Cardiff Miss Lees end Mr Frederick Lees, sister rind brother iv the fir.t primed bridegroom acted as bridesmaid and b.st man ; and the cerenviny, which was of the ripie..,sr, description was conducted by the Hey W Haytou, vicar of Knutsford. Many valuable and useful presents have been received by Mr and Mrs Lees and Mr and Mrs Holland. Ai exleetingly sad requel has occurred in r-ferenne to this ceremony. On Monday intelligence reached Knutsford that Mr Holland, the last-named bri..egroom. ban been suddenly setz,d with a very revere :hill after leaving Knuternrcl with his bride, that pneumonia had sopervi nett, and that onfreScitinudpaoynhethhe:: died at Cardiff. The announcement ha. proved to be Only ton true, the nitrents of the bride having received a last '.hrecelnnrfix-mrrinnfelcit'sevNearteu,raanidis increeede upon the gene cal Public rii Koutstord the affair has produced something approaching a eeneation. It was known at the time ef hi. marriage that Mr Holland was in but indifferrnt health, yet his state was not by any means such as to give cause for any uneasieese. Unfortunately the Fount,. gentleman happened to be caught in a storm, Sr tine wet V 14,9 Sly. ol w1'!1 A s^ric US chill. PrA umonia aupervened and on Sumta3- he expired. The utmre.t syßnpattly is extended on all ei‘les to the bereaved families, and particularly so to the voung thi ie, who has been prostrated with grief. •

===== 0002601_19010419_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A TUNER, Flill) Y, APRIL 19, 1901

CHAPTEIt IV. "AND MAY THE LORD RAPE niracr ON YOUR sotrt." The qualifications for county magistracy comprise many things, but too often lack the all important ones—a knowledge of law and a Imowleplge of human nature.

A,. 4

They were much like other benches of magistrates, these men who solemnly and ponder- ously weighed the terrible case against Martin Fenwick at Market Fenborongh police-court. There were eight of these gentlemen peering over the ledge of the dais upon which they sat at the prisoner below • two of them were gouty, old-time gentlemen of s'od;pd and laboured -comprehensions and con- Seri stive tendencies, who regarded the bench as their birthright, and still retained their interest in what was going on, partly because they had a much dreaded fear that the administration of theta, should get into the hands of the opposite political party, partly because they lived, in a constant dread of the terrors that would be theirs if they did not see that the utmost rigours of the law were not Bet in force against those who tampered with the land and game laws.

The others comprised a successful pig dealer at the Market Fenborbough market, who was not too proud to superintendf tie disposal of his stock at the weekly gathering of farmers, nor too humble to sit in the exalted seat of judgment; a pushing auctioneer who had been deemed lit to administer law by reason of his assiduity at the last election,' and the rest were presidents of district councilsi who sat uncomfortably, nodded affably to the reporters, and taeked on "sir" to the tremulous speeches they made to the Chairman, agreed with everybody and everything, practised hard to look grave at the proper moment, conjured up a ready smile to accompany any little joke from the autocrat in the chair, talked very tall outside about the representation of their party on the bench, and treasured up an everlasting land of the reporter who omitted the J.P. after their name in local

reports. These were the men who were called upon to decide the preliminary round of Martin Fenwick's unequal fight for his life. They heard Jezebel Parr, with open mouths most of them. They had discussed the case upon the strength of the rumours that had readied them the night before, but now they had the reliable fact 4 and they revelled in the position which thus gavei them 'the Correct aspect of the biggest sensations first hand.' Then Douglas Low stepped into the box and - after him thq man-servant, and both evoke of the A thrteking, ietninine voice, rising nigh above the 'unified murmur of the crowd that had followed into tht hall entranLe., broke in. upon their. con- versat i on. •

"I tell ye I saw 'en with iny- owe eyes; I saw 'en.. Let justice be done—justice I say. .9.11, was tur'Lle work, tur'ble; and I saw 'en with these blea3ed cy,es of mine." "Silence, weinvi. your tale will have its char.ce. attre enough. Wint7v is 31r. Fenwick ? " _

The vilkge Constable heavily ' jostled his way among the yokels, and at leis heels came. jezeb el Parr, with dishevelled glair and stark eyes., (shrieking out her sat on against the young

squire. "You 'ear what she al.ys, sir,' said the officer, addressing Fenwick, "ThJ perhapi you will give me your account first, sir. You hapwued to be with the deceased when he wai• shot, ; bslieve." • "I'll tell you all I know, willingly,' but don't you think we're losing time whilst the murderer is still at large: I haven't a shadow of doubt that, w 'man's son shot my uncle. Every available man in the constabulary should be on the searcli for hi rh. "

"Pardon me, sir," interrupted the constable, "but your suspicion is wrong. A likely enough fellow for'such a job, I'll adtnit4=on'y 'e'sj got a halibi sure enough this time. Re-'s been in the lock-up the night." . • • "Then who in the world besides could conceive inch a fiendish purpose?" • "Old Mother Parr swears she saw you do it." _

"I? Pshawl We were the best of friends—and besides, at the mon ent the gun was fired from the bank, I had &charged both my barrels." am sorry ti.t. say, sir, it !coke rather , black against you. One of 1M servants told me on mining in, that you and the,old squire was heard to be quarrelling last night." "Rubbish, a few words merely. We wore the best of friends immediately afterwards. You saw nothing of the nature of a quarrel, Doug:la, ? " "I am sorry to say that I. too, heard high words between my uncle and you," said Low. "But no," he added, with a fine assumption of hisrcousin's innocence. "Yon could never have done this terrible crime, Martin. it is impossible ! I will never believe it."

"I can't say as how I can .believe it myself,". said the constable. "But you won't object to my hinting that my duty must, beedone ? I must ask you to come with me, Mr. Fenwick. It's a mad accusation, this woman Parr*. but she swears she saw you shoot the.old squire, and Ilta.bound to act upon it. I hope it, won't be no more Alan a mere formality. But it 'as to be gone through ;Ai ~.the same." The crowd outside had swollen until it ovire flowed into the parterres and well.kePt lawns. Old Jezebel Parr stood upon the doorstep, and, with an insolence born of her assurance and revenge, and the sudden hold she had obtained of her enemies, in strident tones was animatedly detailing to those around her the fictitious incidents of the crime, the rustics shaking their heads doubtfully and more, than one openly challenging her statements. "I fur one 'opt b'lieve, it," called, out a sturdy farm labourer. "I've known Mr. Martin too long.' "Believe it or not, it's solemn truth. 'Fore_God, I saw 'en—like this--" She struck' an attitude, as with a gun. "There was a duck flying oversand he tired and hit it. The old squire. turned to keep his eye on the bird in the water and, quicleas thought, the young 'un was 'round and shot 'en through the back. I can swear,.to it." "Then it must 'a' bin a'adeident. ' I'll not b'lieve Mr. Martindid it purposely, 'fur one." "Nor me." ' "Nor me." "Out vi' the oldfwomsn. Pitch her out. The Parrs were liars frcini the cradle: Out wi' her." Surging upon the still wildly declaiming old hag, the crowd hustled her off the steps and down the gravel drive. - _

In-to this rabble emerged from a nrivate walk Martin Fenwick and the police-officer 'Jerrold. "A cheer for the young squire t" and the men drowned Jezebel's ravings sta their response. "We'll never believe it, sir. "It's a lie." "There'll be some rejoicings when you come back, sir, and it won't be long." "The Lord' ll ha his vengeance on the woman Parr. God bless 'cc, sir, 'ees been a good un to the likes of we'." They pressed forward and wrung his hand. There were tears in some of their eyes, . or ,thc, accused man had endeared himself to his undes tenants and labourers. Their honest affection and expressed belief in his innocence touched him. His eyes blurred. He motioned the constable forward and passed hurriedly through them. But at the lodge gates Grace Hendon, her face contorted with anguish, hatless, breathless, came running towards him. In a trice she' had thrown her arms about his neck, and, with her, head upon his shoulder, sobbed as though her heart would break. • r He kissed her very tenderly. She was beginning to speak, to protest her belief in his innocence, but he stopped her. "I know," he said. "Whoever might believe me guilty, you never would. Keep up a brave heart, little girl. This is a mere formality' based upon the ravings of a deranged old gipsy woman. The magistrates will never accept such evidence. I shall be back by to-night, to-morrow at the latest, for it is impossible that the murderer cad hide his guilt long or make good his ,escape. With such assurances he sought to calm her; but a wild terror, a nameless fear that he would not return, possessed her, and her soul refused to be comforted. She clung desperately to him until at length a gesture of impatience from the constable caused Martin gently to release hr arms from about his neck. He led her to the old mounting stone on the outer side of the massive gate and there seated her. One long passionate kiss and he Was gone. •

He'looked back from time to time, and there she . stupefied,— wholly -disconsolate. But as the figures of the two men ~oradually dipped further and further out of sight behind the rising ground that drops almost imperceptibly to the little out-of-date village of Fenwick, she recovered from her lethargy and rose and waved her handkerchief in sad farewell. _

_ Afterwards, in his loneliness, did his mind's eye conjure up this, his last view of Fenwick : the old manor amid the trees, the ivy-covered lodge at the lowest dip of the grounds, and, most of , all, the figure of Grace, as fixed as the coneancy of her own true heart, waving her fluttering signal of hope. quarrel the night nacre, Low pelitag Ws story with such unction and such evident regret that taara welled to the eyes of one fat grocer in d distar

corner of the bench. But what clearer evidence of guilt could they have than was revealed in this account of the 'disagreement between uncle and nephew, followed by the , story Lit an eyewitness who beheld the tragic vengeance a the following morning. The Chairman shook his head sagely as Martin Fenwick uttered his Protestations of innocence, and the other seven taking their cue from the Chairman; shook theirs in company. The prisoner said but little in defence. He hadi entered the dock with no heavy heart, for he hadl truth and right upon his side. But as the ease' proceeded he saw howt;o3den ~treachery and. fierce hate were ranged against him. He opened his mouth in defiance of the cruel aspersions. Surely they would hear the truth. But no—they refused to listen to him; they disbelieved him. When this ' dawned upon his' tnind he lost his. rower of utterance, and failed to el:Aaiun) his protestations of innocence and the hiderrness of, the.mistake that bad been made. ' Hitt tongue clay* to the roof of his mouth; his parched lips were cracking; his eyes rolled in terror of the unresist- ing, blood-thirsty fate that loomed like a grim' spectre before him. Those upon tie Bench mistook , his fear for the fear of guilt., and formed their own' and wrongful conclusions, The. defending soliclter, Pryke,. an old family 'retainer, made but a sorry speech • he was no orator to move the feelings, and the bench dearly loved something emotional; with a'sworri eyk• witness of the deed against him, he could hardly rely np.op, convincing the bench by open denial. He asserted that the young man and his uncle were the hest of friends before they separated the night. previous; but there was no evidence of this. "I think," said the Chairman, "there ,is only one course—to commit." And the others nodded their heads in contented acquiescence. "Martin Fenwick," said the Chairman, "the bench have no other, course but to commit you to take your trial for the murder of your uncle, Edwin Fenwick, at the next Assize Court held at Henlea."

The prisoner said nothing; he was too dazed to protetat now. And the iron had entered too deeply into his soul.

"I ask for bail," Said his solicitor. The bench looked almost. aggrieved at the request. • "Impotsible!" said the Chairman. "Bail in a charge of murder—so well supported; too, by. evidence! We couldn't think of it." And the automata on either hand echoed the! decision. "No, we couldn't think of it,".muttered they. - "Good-bye, old fellow," cried Low,. seizing his cousin's hand. "Keep a‘g.od heart, you know. I was awfully sorry to have to give evidence, but what could I do?" Fenwick looked him in the face, and the eyes of .the other fell before the glance. A sudden it'll:ago° sprang up in ,the traitor's mind and heart to confess. It was a death spasm of whatever good there had been within him; but even as it came there uprose a mightier force of evil, and it seized the dying impulse and throttled it. Henceforth his higher nature was a dead, corrupt thug, as foully murdered as was the old man in that early nv)rnlng tragedy. The officers pressed Martin along, for the entrance was choking with the police-court loafers, curious and anxious to take stock of him. There was not one look of sympathy on all their faces, for none had a doubt as to hi guilt; and the old squire had a wide reputation for his beneficence: "He richly deserves what he'll get!" muttered one old man in his hearing. "See what a chap 11 do for. money An' then to swear 'twas a haccident, too! If it hadn't been for that old 'ootnan'what seed 'e do it!" • Even then the "sold 'ooman's ''eyes were upon . . -

Martin. He caught sight of them as he passed through the dour, and there was an unflinching, lying hate in them that told him that no 'perjury was too deep for their owner if only it would bring hint to the scaffold,. "And why, oh; why ? " he asked himself over and over again as he lay tossing in his cell, await!. ing that dreaded ordeal of life and death at Hanka. True, in the heat of the !moment, he had wrong- fully suspected her son of the crime. Was she capable of so dreadful' a revenge ? • Besides, such pedry was terribly perilous to herself. Who could .have committed the murder? Not Jezebel herself; she was too infirm, too paralysed to use a weapon. The problem kept him awake night after night, and it was still a profound mystery when at length one morning his gaoler summoned him to follow, and a few moments afterwards he stood before the grave 'dignitary who was to be the arbiter of life and death. The trial was not a long one. There could be but one termination; everybody saw -that, and Martin's tierce protestations of innocence only pre- disposed , his judge' 'and all the court to discredit him. Even his own barrister had little faith in his story, and had urged him again and again to plead that the affair was accidental. . "But I never • did it," said Martin. "The shot was tired from the bank," and: 'absollitely declined to purchase his life at the expense of linfh. The jury decided upon their .verdict without leaving the court. The foreman rose to his feet at the asking of the usual question. "Guilty, my lord," he said, .gravely.,, Martin clutched, at the rail for support. He saw, as through .aanist the judge Slip his right hand, beneath his desk and draw out a small black square! of silk. He watched him'as he solemnly adjusted: it upon his head; he saw the judge's lips open,! and heard his own ,natne pronounced. There was a. confused murmur uf words—he knew, yet heard not distinctly; what Was laid; his brain was reeling, the_courtswain round about him. ! Ilkslutched at the rail of the dock, and, by a terrible exertion, sought to steady himself. "And may the Lord have nwrcy on your soul !" His fingers lost all power. They released their hold, his legs gave way beneath him; he was sink- ing, sinking, sinking. Three officers ran forward, and bore him from the dreadful place as one dead. CHAPTER V. •

VIE TUMORS OF DEATH. The morning of the execution broke dull and ominous. Heavy clouds overhung Henlea, and a cold, drizzling rain made the position of the crowd of morbid sightseers who had come forth to watch the unfurling of the black flag one of extreme discomfort. As the hour of eight approached the watchers increased in ' number, and at length when the strokes or a neighbouring clock commenced to clang, every tongue was stopped and every' eye was riveted upon the raised stonework of the high wall and the solitary flagstaff that flanked it. Every instant the daik messenger of the legal tragedy enacted within those time-marked walls was expected, but the last notes of the clock died away and still came no sign. A minute past the hour, two, three, five, ten, yet no signal. What could have happened? The silence was broken now. Tongues were let loose in eager questioning and self-satisfied explanation. ' The quarter chimed, then the, half-hour. At that moment a small gate opened at the oba of the . wall and two men emerged. They took to their heels and ran madly down the street. They were \jou'inalists, and they made direct for the telegraph- . effice, each man striving to be the first-to despatch the strange news of which he was possessed. , • In London the Evening Herald sub-editor, tired of waiting, had already _sent an extra early morn- ing edition on to the streets with a line announcing the execution of the Fenwick murderer, and WAS wondering why the confirmatory wire he expected had not got through, when the tape-machine started clicking and a message began to reel in. A boy snicked off the first few inches with a pair of scissors, 'pasted the strips on a piece of "copy" paper and 'handed, it to the sub. The man glanced at it, then his jaw dropped and a look of horror came into his eyes. "Good Lord !" he said. "Why, they haven't hanged the man. And that special on the streets!" Ile-pored excitedly over the strips the boy was handing up, and within a few minutes a second edition was in the hands of eager boys and men who shouted aloud their exciting intelligence. The report was this: ~ . "Fenwick Murder. "Extraordinary Scene at the Gallows. "The Drop-bolt Refuses to Act, "Prisoner Yet Unhanged. "The execution of the prisoner, Martin Fenwick, was td have taken place this morning at Henlea, but at the last moment, when the prisoner was blindfolded and strapped, the bolt refused to act. The prisoner was released for a few minutes whilst carpenters set to work to remedy the defect in the machinery, and once more an attempt was made to carry out the last penalty of the law.. But again did the bolt refuse to answer. although Robertson. Lne hangman, flau tested it only a moment before and seemed satisfied with the alteration. „ . _ _

"At this second failure the .C-o-Qem-n-e;d man, who lasd preserved a calm demeanour, lost com;

control of himself. The excitement of thus facins death twiae within a few minutes proved too mug! for him and he fell in a comatose condition upon the scaffolding., At first it was thought that his heart had failed and ..that the shock had proved fatal, but eventually the respiratory exercises of the Medical man in atttendance proved effectual. "The sheriff, however, at this stage undertook the responsitiility of postponing the execution, andi to the relitfl,o, everybody, the prieoner, looking deathly pale, was carried bac-I to his cell, and the horrible proceedings were at an end foil This comprised the first message, but during the day the papers gradually filled up with this latest sensation of the hour. Why ,the drop had faiiod to act nobody knew., It' had 'seemed all right when Robertson had made ready. The small amount of rain that had fallen in the night could have made little difference to the structure. The whole country was full of speculation, and superstitious people were inclined to regard the failure of tho drop as a signal proof of the condemned inan's innocence. The matter had become a public controversy by the next day, and the papers were crowded with letters on the topic, advocates of the abolition of capital punishment making the, terrors Martin had suffered a text upon which to hang their arguments. • In the midst of the, controversy, the one Secretary's order for the fulfilment of the sentence in a week's time was issued.

By the time the day arrived when the man, who had twice., tastedlhe horrors of facing death was once more,to _suffer the agony, public feeling was at very high tension. A public appeal had been issued and signed, pointing out that the prisoner had already uffered as much mental torture as if the dread .penalty had in reality bee a paid. But. the petition fell upon unheeding ears. Upon the morning 'appointed, -.an array of journalists awaited the execution at Henlea Gaol. Three only were admitted. All the dread pre- liminaries were proceeded with. Then came the • critical moment. Robertson pressed the lever. Nothing transpired. He jerked it again. Duce more it failed, and with the perspiration standing thick upon his forehead he removed the prisoner and again tested the machine. . To his amazement 'the trap acted and a yawning pitivits at his feet. "Replace the prisoner," said the governor. But Robertson was now possessed of a belief that some °waist Power had intervened to save the prisoner from hanging. "Not for every pound of money in the kingdom I* he exclaimed. wash my hands of this job." His'face was pale and his soul was - filled with dread.

I

"I shall resign, "• he muttered, as once spin the plisonees hood was removed and Martin, colour- less, with hair turned grey- by the terrible ordeal, was led back to his cell. Never hall such an extraordinary event occurred. Excitement ovet the matter raged from Cornwall to Sutherland, and almost every paper in the land clamoured for the remission of the penalty. A committee visited the gaol the following day and tested the drop:. Twenty times did a com- mitteeman pull the lever and twenty times was the bolt which affected the trap withdrawn and the pit yawned beneath. "Unearthly strange," said one man. "Let me try." He seised., the lever and gave it a jerk. There was no response. An aped engineer who was of the company promptly laid bare the mechanism and revealed the secret. It *was simplicity itself. The end of a loosely-driven nail projected over the nut that had to be released and deterred it from acting. The lever was loose, and it was only when pulled with strain in a certain direction' such as 'would naturally be adopted by the hangman stepping quickly back after adjusting the prisoner, that the nail thus interrupted the ordinary working of the lever. Robertson had never detected this. The lever had acted scores and scores of times during the testing. He had not thought that a slight bearing towards him of the handle whilst he - depressed it would' make such a mighty difference. Stronger than ever raged. the controversy in the, press, and a determined set was made to secure the condemned man's reprieve. In vain did one or - two journals point out that the law was not to be checked in so serious a matter by a mere nail that had worked askew. It was pointed out in the prisoner's interest that he had suffered all tbi agonies of the extreme ji6nalty and that nothing was to be gained by observing the technical letter . of the law. And one morning the warder opened Martin's cell door, bearing a paper in his hand. He had been reprieved. The grey-haired, hollow-eyed, stricken, pre— maturely-aged man who heard this message a pardon fell on his knees and poured out &great cry of thankegiving to God. (lb be continued.)

!LEDUC lON,ltri PRIDE ,N N'DEEDENT SES. ) DESCENI MANT'LES I N.^..ANDESCICPrr INCANDEDENT ot.oPEjii ALI, _KINDS fir SMoS PEOTISOTORS. GAS GUIDES. OF DrPFBRIMT cot oußs ANI) PA TERNS _an GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EiCHANu.- • AT ADAMS,. 80 ST. JAMS PLAN INDow 10,ASS OP DIPPI:RENV PA rrlsßid BRITISH NIL' IIESD PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. cii.MB LOWEST PRIVY% AT. • ADAMS 212, (hall-HILL irt..tiET. AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAD. LlV2,ltroOL.

'

. , I, vr -

===== 0002601_19010419_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
( Conrig tr. y

THE LADDER OF GUILT.

BY lILYSS ROGERS, '

Author of "For Love and the Queen.* "Wedied in Mystery," Ice.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Douglas Low, madly in love with Grace Hendon, daughter of a neighbouring farmer, attempts to murder his cousin, Martin Fenwick. His aim, however, un- accountably fails, alld Squire Fenwick, his uncle, is the victim instead.

CHAPTER 111. TIIE ARREST. Low dropped his gun an stared in undisguised terror at the face. As he did so the reeds and willows parted, and the owner of the evircounten- ance, which still leered at him, came forward—an old hag, with weather-tanned, wrinkled parchment skin, high cheek-bones, and malice written in every line of her crinkled featuras. Suddenly the-evil vanished from her face. "Thank God for this," she croaked. "There's a judgment on the Fenwicks at last, at last; Jezebel's old eyes have seen it:: Thank God." ; "Hush, you blasphemous old hag Stand out of my way, or—" He checked himself. "It was an accident, I tell you—an accident. Out of my way, woman!" • He scarcely knew what he was saying, but he heard the splash of the pole as Martin, with the dead body of his uncle in the boat, punted across in the direction whence he supposed the shot to have been fired. Low, in his eacitement and terror, had utterly lost all control -of himself, otherwise he would have seen that if he were to plead the event an accident, standing his ground was the Wisest and safest course open to him. The woman laughed again, a low, hollow, cynical, demoniacal laugh. Then she said: "No, it was no accident. He "—she pointed, through the reeds—"he did it. I saw. I hate 'en. It vrill be worth my while?" 'Yes," he said, hurriedly, divining her meaning. "But I must get away from this." "Then go," she said, "I Will stay. The Lord has given you into my hand, you and your hated house. He—the man who lies dead—has lived long under my curse. My husband died through his father—he it was who turned me out of the cottage, so that my boy was born in the wood yonder, born a cripple, and, that other, the man with 'en, I caught 'en thrashing my boy only the other day., Oh, for a man's strength, and I would have struck 'en dead to the earth, I would. I hate 'en, I hate the dead old man, and I hate you. But you can help me to my vengeance. You go. But come again and see me, at the hut ii the woods, and I will tell you what are the tgrms for saving your life. Go now." The woman had spoken in a subdued, though fiercely angry tone, her dark eyes flashing as the words came rapidly from between her toothless gums. Her* malice against the Fenwicks was the outcome of an old feud. Possibly an injustice had been done by the old squire's brother, who had managed the estate for some years. Parr, a loafing, lazy man, had committed numerous 'depredations and was a menace to the neighbourhood. In the hope of clearing the locality of his undNirable presence, the late squire, Robert Fenwick, had Written home from Algiers giving sanction to his brother Edwin to eject the family, a proceeding that was legally warranted by the fact that for three or four years the Parrs had steadfastlr shirked the payment of .rent- Edwin was Away from Fenwick at the time, and the order had been somewhat ruthlessly put into effect by the bailiffs. Two days later the only off- spring of the Farr alliance saw light in the hastily erected lean-to which Parr had fashioned in the wood.

Edwin Fenwick's kind heart was troubled when he heard of the ruthless ejectment, but all repara- tion beyond the liberty to retain the hut in the woods was savagely declined by the Parrs, and when at last Parr, senior, cut short a term of im- prisonment for the manslaughter of a gamekeeper by dying in gaol, he left a heritage of hate and revenge to his wife and his boy. Ezekiel Parr had wrapped himself tightly in this mantle bequeathed by his father, and his boyhood had been spent in waging war against the Chase, and all things human or otherwise appertaining thereto. The squire and Martin had often allowed their pity to intervene between flagrant offence and ' its rightful punishment, but when Martin caught the hulking rebel offering an insult to Grace Hendon, he promptly seized him and soundly thrashed him. The air rang with his cowardly yells for mercy, and the vengeful shrieks of his mother. • This was the incident to which the hag alluded. Jezebel wntched Low glide through the willows. Then she turned to the water. Martin Fenwick was on. the point of landing. The moment he caught sight of her, he had no further doubt in his own mind as to the origin of the mischief. Ezekiel Parr was at the bottom of it. "Woman, who fired that gun? Where is he ? " You ask that ? Do you ? You—you know who fired it;" she continued, stretching her bony fingers towards him. "You fired it—you killed, the old man—and I—saw— you—" •, • "You lie, you wretched old hag. You lie. Somebody fired from the bank." • "I saw you fire," retorted the old woman; "with these eyes I did. The old man's back was turned and you fired at him. You killed 'en." “No, not I," replied Fenwick, "not I. But I 'think I know who did. That scapegrace son of -yours. Where ii he ? Speak, woman, deliver him up or it will be the worse for you," At the mention of her son and the possible 'clanger to-him, old Jezebel shrieked in wild ferror, but she recovered herself •on the instant. For her son was safe. An extraordinary Providence, as she accounted it in this instance, had lodged him in gaol for petty thieving only the night before. He had frequently threatened in his village boasting to be even with the old squire some day, and t pie;on might have rested upon him haterribleb be been u n gprsowling round with gun or dog in search of a breakfast, no unusual practice of his. yt hoeu, young ten:: man's face. bionutslyyoui.n p I will swear to it." Jezebel Parr laughed,not hev,ic swear‘H'Ne brushed it. he east her, and hurried onwards through the wood to the main road seeking heir and the murderer of his uncle. On the far aide of the enclosure he came upon a group of hir labourers on their way to their morning work. They hurried back with him, improvised a stretcher from the bottom board of the punt and slowly bore the body of the old man homewards. The ill news travelled ahead of them. As the melancholy procession passed the lodge gates, the servants, with horror-stricken faces, came nervously and fearfully down from the house to meet it. And in their midst, brushing his way through them. pressed Douglas .Low, hurriedly attired in his dressing-gown. With consummate skill, the guilty actor played his part. Upon whoinsoevei' suspicion of foul play might rest, nobody would believe that the man with drawn, distressed features and bloodshot eyes, who had just hastened from the bedroom, had any hand in the morning's tragedy. "Who has done this? " he cried. "What man is responsible for this terrible accident ?" "It is no accident, Douglas," replied his cousin. "It is murder—deliLerate murder." "Murder!" yhe word trembled upon Low's lips. Did Fenwick suspect ? Did lie know ? A. ghastly pallor overspread his face. His cousin noticed it but did not wonder. The horror of the thing inuat have appealed to every- body. "Yes, somebody fired from the bank. He had his back to ,net the time, and I was looking: over his shoulder for a bird I had dropped. The bullet came from behiSci. I felt the whiz of it at-it skimmed past me. An eighth of an inch nearerlind I inu:t.have been the victim and not he. Poorjold fellow, he never spoke. Then I turned right round and made for the bank, and whom do you think I found ? " - "Whom?" " "That wretched Parr' woman. It was clear to me then who had ramie the mischief. Her son. He had bolted." "You found him ? " gasped Low. Though there was the dantr,er that, to avert suspicion from her son, the gipsy would tell the truth as she knew it, yet he felt that the detection of Ezekiel Parr on the .spot would be quite sufficient to entirely discredit 'what would appear an utterly' improbable: story. The very vehemence of her accusation of Low would tighten the noose around her son's neck. "No, we have not found him yet," said Fenwick. "I hadn't time to make the search myself, but I despatched some of the men. If they are smart they will unearth him. lam positive he is not far off."

===== 0002601_19010419_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
raz .ete( S I ICIe Prl

===== 0002601_19010419_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTER VESTRIES. Runcorn Parish Church. eeThe Raster vestry for the parish of Runcorn was held at the tat,it°latia,!l wc. Seooo Thu ei Is on rsday evening. The Rev Canon a (vicar) prestied, and amongst tho e present Wrre : -The Revs Wll Stables, H-B Firth, and Si:Moles Z"ntalesh Messrs John Littler, G Hewitt, R [misuse, J H Zenon, 3 K Digges, 3 H Hamilton, James Wilding, a. Cl)tbuen. C Pownall. W H Meek. W Jones, W Dudley, b p apemen. p it Boreston, an others. ho Cheires in nominated Mr John tLittler as vicar's 'Jens Mr Littler in Accepting office again acknowledged 410 valuable help he tied received during the year from his LPilsallue, Mr Hewitt. Br Dedley proposed that Mr Hewitt "s re-elected people's warden.— Mr Goldsmith seconded. Pir Gibbs proposed that BrK Digge3 be the people's warden. Igt licelingworth ascended. The voting was by ballet, with the iollowing result : Hewitt 39 ;Mr Diego., I_s Br Hewits, was declared duly 'Vested —Mr littler uominated Messrs Walter Timinins,Jolp Davies. John 'Fetes, end J K Digges as his sidesnien ; and e e 888 James priming; W l Meek, J H Hamilton, and T H Priestley were eleeted eseepleas sidestnen.• . The Chairman nominated Mr J H Weston as vicar's warden 16r St Micheel's. • e ,Mr & Lightburn ras re-elected people's warien for St Miehaere Mr Weston notnitinted Steam James Sherlock. 1, 111ortsue Bowyer. and Walter 4ones as his sidesmen, and Messrs va Cropper gen.. Clarke. and R Peeeoek, were 'aPeohtted pesehlesaidesmen. The.Vioer said Mr Robinson who had FO admirably dis- !barged the duties of vicar's warden at St John's Weston, for "WO :tears; found that owing to business engagements he was linable tote present as often as he would like to be ,at the serelees, and hesaeished to be relieved of the Ale,. He, therefore, no:ninated sir Allen Markh.m as vicer's warden. Re had no doubt that physically and otherwise Mr Markham Would put his back into the woek. Mr Carlson w %el appodnted pecrple's warden.a&the follow- Lair were elected eidesmen:—Nessre J Aldridge. if l Bamber. st Miteheson. Joseph DicesoneT Ford, jun.. R Padbury. J Farrell, jun.. and Joseph Lightfoot. THE Ona.arra...9. Theiricia announced that Mr Walter Jones, as clerk laid upon the table:the accounts of the Liptrot Cherity.whloh were °Pen to inspection He (the Vicar) submitt,d the statement relatieg to the Rigby Charity, on behalf of the trustee. There was only one trustee of this Charity, viz., Mr William I'd ward Rigby, of West Kirby As trustee under the will of , the donor he reported that the interest on the Rigby Charity Fund is still £4 3e per cent per annum, the mort- Ogee of the property on which it is advanced, not having Paid any money. which,at this time last year there appeared S Probability of his doing He in,y. hswever, di so before long, when the r• fundrneet of the money will have to be taet." The principal interest of that statement was that if !eke mortgagee did pay anT money it was al nost certain snat the percentage on the money would be diminished. Thet would mean a diminution of the number of petticoats Riven at Christmas to peer people. As everyone knew it was tOt easy to get more than 4 per cent The Aloook Charity,of IWhich he (the Viesr) was the recipient, was in the bands of •he Charity Commissi,ners. t consisted of £1 9s 14 p uid ttery quarter, making a total of £5 las 4,1. £3 annually was ?lid to the peer on St Thomas', Day. in conjunction with the tile Charity and £2 5s 4rl was for the improvement of pa Psalmody of Hnneort. Parish The psairno ty had so much 'alliroved that it almost ought to be described as a sustena- hen fund (Lnugteer This concluded the business of the vestry meeting. TUB CONGREGATIONAL MEETING. The congregational meeting was then held and printed sepies or the accounts were handed round to those present. Prom these it appeared that the total interne of the Parish Church was £393 6s 2i the princioa, items being :—Nine snecial Sunday offertories, £BB be 8,1 ; five special week-dey effertoriee. £191.04 33, twenty-five 'Saints" Day and (estivea offertories, £l4 7tel4 ; forty five Wednesday evehings, 26 les 4d ; forty-five ordinary Sunday off ertoriee, 2241'his 4d; Vice's fees towards aoparitor's salary. £lO. Ttie principal items of eXuenditure were: and choirmaster's apiaries. £4l is organ blower, £4 ; apparitor, £32 ss; tuning organ, £4 4. ; coal and gas. £216. 64; print- ing and advertising, £5 8, 31 ; washing surplices. Ac. £7 18s; insurance. £1 jOe ; sell-ringers' salary. ; offertories for sPecial Objet., £4O is llad : Raster offerints paid to Rev it R Firth and W' Schnies. £2O 611.)4 ; paid to Vicar to- clergy fund (ledng £22 'l2s 8d less proportion due from Parish Church). £157 7. 44. At St. Michael's Church the income was £163 151 ad , leaving a deficit balance of £ls3' lid. The principal items 0,! expenditure were : —Proportion to clergy fund, £9); choir ; organist, £10; apparitor. £1.5; f .el and Heisting 83 Id. ; washing surplices, £4 12s ; Nester offering to assistant cler,v. £3 10. 91; insurance, £3 ; organ tuning 5n4 music. £6 Is 3d. The aeoeunts of St John the Ryeneelist's Church, Weston. showed an income of £132 14s sk4, made up of ordinary offer- tories, £74 35 lid; special offertories. £l7 Os 44; Major Orred's subscription for organist. £5; choir's subscription tor Washing surplices, £5: envelop t und. £2O is 6a- ; subscrip • tion to envelope find, £2; offertory Hester day. £9 93. 94. principal items of eependiture were :—Offertories '° special objects, £l7 Os 4d ; proportion to Assist- ant Clergy Fund. £4O ; organist, choirmaster, organ blower, and tuning £l6 lie 64 ; fuel and lighting, eza lls 24 : apparitor. cleaning ho £7 18s 6d : print- Ing, advertising, and postage., £4 173 101 ; musio and ,essoks. £3 19s sd; washing surplices. £5; insurance £2 12s 61 e'av W H Stables. Baster offertory, £99. 9d. There was a ;skit on the year's working or 1. 21. The receipts of the assistant Clergy Fend were as follows :—Offertories, ft/6 7s 61; Mersey Xis don, £l5; Spiritual Aid Society, 1'10: Additional Cutotes' Society £6O Men's Bible Cleat, Is; Snnday school boxes. £l9 12s 70; subscriptions. £94 bank interest £24' 3,1; amount paid by Vicar, £3OlB. a; total £540 2s 61 The payments were— awe W 14 7ttablee, £120; Rev VI B Firth, £140; Rev W Scholes, £140; (3 p Bashforth, £l2O ; cheque book, 2s 64; total 'O4O 2s 64 The Chairman sail on the whole the condition of affairs at 'he three churches was distinctly encouraging. Mr Littler m wed that the accounts of the three churches as set for h in the printed hal moo sheets be adopted. Mr Weston seconded and the motion was carried. The following were app slated lay representatives—Parish Cbureb. Messrs John Littler and Walter Timmins; St Michael's Messrs 3 '4 Weston and A Lightaurn ; Westoo, Messrs Markham and Caslsen. PRESENTATION TO THE LATE ORGANIST. The Vicar said be had now a pleasing duty to perform in , the presentation of a testimenial to their good and highly respected friend, Vlr John Johnson. Unfortunately, Mr Johnson was teken ill on Tuesday night, and was not out of bed. He believed that the words whioh were very beauti- fully engraved upon the h .ndsome testimonial before him ca- ressed their opinion exactly. Perhaps they could not do ,ttivr than read the words to them. "To Mr John Johnson, tt,tl3' 30 years organist of Runcorn Parish Church. from 'OW-worshippers lad 4)ted to him for the skill and devo- tio I . •TI sacred must's, and his consistent life, Hester. 19)1.' ,or the many years Mr 'Johnson was their organist they had • eloal skill They ad knew that MrJohnson was an amateur ate wee not a professional musician, but he loved music, and nlttde it his gr, at hobby and his great delight. Again and Zaain, from people from all parts of tengland. he (the vicar) eel heard expressions of extreme satisfaction at his skill of nandling the organ, and of the devotional chsracter of the mulle. (Hear. hear.) The Vicar then asked Mr 11 P John- - .tn.' t° accept on behalf of his tattler, a handsome set of fish eaters and carvers in case, and Ist le a ease containing dessert knives and forks and observed that the choice had been a rod one and mad be, n admirably executed by Messrs. lidc- tigton and Company. Limited. Liverpool (Lipplsuse Mr Johnson said on behalf os his father he had very great Pleasure in accepting the presents. He could assure thern that it was a matte. of regret to his father that he could not be Present to receive the eitts himself, but they tnlgbt feel ce,taln Hitt he would riot only Valae the presents but would treariure infinitely more the kindly feeling that had prompted them. He thanke,i them in his father's name for their kind.

Rms. (Applause.) TlTzs or TRA.Nitti. Votes of thank. were tendered to the choirs of the three Churches, the ladies who decorate on feseive occasions, the auditors and the chairman. The auditors, Messrs 11 liaison. Gregory. W Riteheson. and J Peat:lock were unanimoutily re-elected. Ibe mecting then b,rminate.i. Halton. The Baste. v. tey tneiiting wits he'd on Thursday evening in the Parochial se ci. thC Vicar (. he Rev G D Wray) took the chair, and ther were also present Messrs J Walker (HallWOod), and C B .itoley (church war lens), Messrs H Pen debury. J Golder, S garrison, .1 siancoek, T Barker, J Dutton. A Povey, T .rld B Haddock, J Poatle.J H Thomasson. W Preston,T Horton. P Wright. and 3 S Jeacock (vestry clerk).—The Vicar ti.eointed Mr Thomas Horton. of the Rome Farm to be vicar s warden.—On the motion of Mr Weaker seconded by Mr MarrLen. Mr Clement Baguley. was etected people's warden for the year.—The following were elected to serve as sidestnen ems J Acton. T Barker, J Collier, T Cox, J Dutton, M A Fryer, P Grine, J Hancock, S Harrison.' Hatton. 3 Wredltb, 0 Percival, A Povey. W freston, J Stokes, and J Walker, and the sidemen elected ! 'Of the Mission Church were to be addeotto the list. These kentlemen, together with the Vicar. war us. and the vestry ! Terk, were appointed to act as the Church Council. -Messrs , Stokes and B Haddock wcre appointed lay representatives 'll the Ruri-decanal and Diocesan Conferences. b The warden.' accounts were then submitted as follows : .11eCeipts including a balance of V 104 2id trout last year, Z 79 Os ; expenditure, £77 l's 8.1 ; leaving a balance of 1 05 4ad, and w.re passed unanimously. The Vicar mentioned that a wish had been expressed that the accounts should be published, and he sug4ested to meet that regairement that a copy of the accouuts should be I'lacert on the notice boatd of the church • This was agreed —The receipts of the corate fund amounted to £lB its 74, and the expenditure totalled £5O _L6d, leav‘ng a balance of a 10s ld.—The choir fund showed balance in favour of the treasurer of £8 6s Id. Mr Pendle- ZrV then produced the accounts of the Mission Chu,eh. The 17,"iPts amounted to £3l 19s 24, and the expenditure £26 24, leaving a balance of £5 ss.—The offertories during the Past year amounted to £lOl.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVt, YOUR HAIR

!FOOS

And h •,714 dressings of Ctrricuni,, putt of cowl cure,. This truatment at onco-stops fall. rig hair, removes crusts,' seales,'and Br"thes irritated, dolling, ittirfweli, shot the I°?ta with energy and noinishratl•nt, inakeS 'air grow ',Alen all else fail. :old by all Chtmiets. Price, SOAP, IVA 91avarax, 25, Bd.; ebiZr.l.Zille% F. NILWBSRT at SOM. London. E. c, POTTS 2 LiAlloft _reoDa., Boston, U.S. A. “How Co have Luz 11 O.

WITil SIIAMI op ,----:•-e`i(i,f; ; rt.... EUIA • . ii;4.''.'.. wicp.'" \,_ , 7,....,40,::•.'...', . ... ' ~ , ,„wiimmwile., . —...

===== 0002601_19010419_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury.

:The annual ye try meeting was held on Thursday eveniaz In the vestry of the Parish Church. the ft_v 4 s 7 Oman, curate-in-charge, presiding The following tparilildoners Were present a Messrs J White and If 0e P -(olvti'all- yrardena), !flours ti Woods, J Wright. J Clare. 0 W' Phillips, P Harnblett. A Strath. PJohnson. 0 Calder. Joseph Priestley, F Jones, end Thomas Hough on. —Mr Wht.e. in vi ,w of the taq that the parish hat no vestry clerk, proposal that Mr lierbeft Wools, solacitor and parishion4r, be app 'lute honorary ales, to the ve,try."—Tnis was seclonded..by Houghton and carried unanimously —Mr Words kindly agreed to give his services ?go vi tar havmg yet biers iappointeo to the parish as sUCCSasse^ to the Bev t T Clark. deceased. the Bey 3 W Man nonaluatet Mr B Ds Prez late . vicar's warden, to easy for ths en uing year air Wright ; then proposed that !Mr White he re-slecte i parish varlen. IMr Calder seconded The following were afterwards ale :tad sideamen and deputyaidesanen Messrs 0 W Phillips. fl Woods A Booth, anri.P Hnd afiablett ; a Messrs 3 White and H Woods lay representatives. The acco.nts ward then presented In a printei form to each member of the meeting by Mr White. who briefly explained the several Verna of receipt and expenditure Mr 3 L :ones ,M Moore, had duly' audited the accounts, and although thsre was a large adye afs balance last year there was now a credit balance of 84 Mr White was pleased to inform the vestry that there was not a single debt connected with any of the 'funds of the church and he wished to tnank the other wan-lane for the pains they had taken in th.; :Wng subscriptions f this

===== 0002601_19010419_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church, Newtert.

• The annual Baster vestry meeting in coenection with the above Church was held in the Cowin Hall Newtou, on Tues- day evening. Ihe Bev 5 A Hyder,vicar,presided sod amongst those present were-: —Messrs Liptrott an I W 14 Kindisse (wardens), G Clarke, P 3 Gillespie I Simpson W Speakman T 2 Mayor, T Wilkinson. A Smith It Barton J Himmer, J Sankey, /es —The Viler nominated Mr Liptrott as tile war- deed —Mr Liptrott proposed Mr Ri di-my as parishionera' w ar- den, and the motion was carried. --Mr Hindlese said hi had fully made up his mind to resins. Ile did not think it was right that the same two men should always act as wardens. It looked as if there was no one , else its the parish. He was of opinion that the wardens should change. but seeing taint the Tower was not yet finished, he feltit his duty to remain in office for another year: (Hear, hear.) the Vicar nominated as his aldermen, Messrs A sinith,Or Ii Watkins,DouglaS insithand St Leger. Mr I-Halley se parishioners warden, propisel 'Aleasrs Slychs I log Mayor. Percival an I T Ritchie- s side net Mr h. Smith seconded and it was carried. Mr. aptrott said he was sorry he had to meet them again with an incomplete sta,e sent of accounts. They had not been able to lot in all their subscriptions He would gsve them a rough estimate, and they would be good enough to pass them subjert to audit, he could get the accounts printed and cidanlated. The receipts up to date were £B4 Se 9 i and the expenditure.£lB 155.8 i. It would be noticed that there was a fresh attires of revenue. and in order that there might be no misaoprehension in the minds of the parishoue,.s he would give them a Short history of the church financies since he to iii office. At Raster 1895 they found themselves in debt £lO and an appeal was male to Colonel DicOorquoiale who said he was sorry the cmgregt- tion could not see their way to support the church, but he would not turn his bac( on Newton, and sent them a further dons ion nsf £lO. At the end of 1895, they Were still in debt, and this was wiped off by the late Vicar. He proceed Acl to detail the oositioa of the wardens each year until he arrived at the period when seats were appropriated,* welcome sum of £2O bring realised from it. He was surprised to hear that Mr Speakman had written to the Bishop about it. Ile WA3 a sideamen, and Mr Liptrott thought it was most discourteous of Mr Speakman not to consult hs m before writing the Bi .h up. Ile. hr Lip. trott),was not prejudiced with regard to the appropriation of the seats but he was not prepared to give up the principle unless the offertories were proportionately increased.— On the motion of Mr Barton. seconded by Mr Simpson. the financial statement was adopted.—The reports of the Pc ulstock Charity, and Dean School Trust were laid on the table.—Mr Kaye asked it there had not 1189,1 to he a little mire laud at- tached to the:Dean School than at present.—Dr Watkins said there was not au inch more slaw tie had 'men connected with the trust.—Mr Gillespie said there nad been no alteration In that land for the last 150 years. He really th night sum ,one had been hoaxing their friend.—Messrs J W Crouchley and J Liptrott were appointed auditors .—Th wardens were appodated lay representatives t i the ruri-linconal conference Vote of thanks to the ladies who had helped to decorate the church was heartily accorded. Mr Ka. e said their were two candles mud candlesticks on the Communion Table. ,He had been going to the church for eight or nine years. and they were never lighted, and he did not think they were much use. If it was necessary, he would propose that they be removed. The Vicar said that even a proposition would be of no use whatever to remove those Can ilesticks. They were placed in the church, and it would require a faculty which would cost two guineas. Mr Gillespie said he was mot a great admirer of candlesticks or anything else. In this Northern climate. the weather was sometimes rather dark in the morning, and when services were hald, he might have to light the candles. suit APPRIEMILTIoN OF BELTS. Mr Hindley said there had bean a great deal of talk about the appropriation scheme in the church Being the Parish- ioners Warden, he had two sides ti look at ; he had those favourable to it, and against it. Mr Liptrott and himself arranged a meeting with the nishop, which took place a week last Saturday He asked the Bishop if he would give him some letter which he could read to the parishioners, and he would read the following (immunisation which he had reclyed.

The Palace, Liverpool, Bth April, 1911.. Hear 'dr Hindley : —" Since our interview on Saturday, I have thought carefully over the subject of the seat donations in sq. Peter a Chureh I understand that they are only a temporary expedient for a temporary need. but I do not think that you will be justified in abolishing them unti those members of the congreg don to wham they are ob jeetionable are willing to guarantee the church Wardens the amount they bring in. A congregation must be just before It is generous. The ordinary offertories do not bring In a sufficient sum to meet the eurrent expesses, and to aug- ment the very moderate income of your Vicar. Some such means must be used to raise the money. I will also venture to add that In my opinion it is advisable and reasonable to meet the wishes of the old tried and everous members of the congregations, and to appropriate seats to them, providing of course that a considerable part of the church be free and open. When the necessity for sett donations has passed away, seats can still be appropriated without any subscription being given for their use. In such matters the churchwardens have f 01l control and they are bound to take into considera- Mors the wishes of all sections of the congregation. The system which has worked best in my own experience is that In which a church was absolutely free, but IL which the seats were appropriated on one aide of the centre aisle, and unappropriated on the other. With every good wish, believe me ever yours faithfully 10. J. litvgapoole The Chairman said the appropriatlen which they had in the Church was one that had obtained in many churches He and the wardens acted trolls the very best possible motives not to rrsterfere with the comfort and Convenience of any parishioner, and if any parishioner bad any grievance to make, if they would suention tbe matter to himself ,sr the wardens it would be looked Into. Let him once and finally state that in that controversy with ldr Speakman there had not been on his part, even a semblance of personal feeling towards Wm, and he hoped and trusted there never would be He felt he ought to make this matter plain to the meeting. because somehow or other, from what he could hear, there was an appearance thLt he and Mr Speakman were going to Jump at each others throats. Referring to the new Tower, he said that when the building was taken in band. an over- draft had to be obtained from the Bank, of about £6OO, In order to go on with the Tower. and to pay for it when completed. There remained to be paid of that amount some- thing like £27). It was to be hoped that all well wisbers ef the Chords in Newton would do their very best toward*: lessening the amount of he debt oo the Tower. They had also to obtain a peal of 8 bells, and when the bell-maker came over to see the Tower. he said that to be of any fist the b g bell would have to be at least 21 cwt. and that would mean about £760. Five of these bells were obtained. and they wanted three, and those three woo d cost something like Eb`l or £4OO. Something would have to be done some time or other to improve the organ, and they intended to have is bazaar about Raster 1902. With a long pull and a strong pull they would be able to get out of debt. and he thanked the church officers tor their assistance, and kindly feeling cu-Cog the year. ((ear, heir) Mr &Smith introduced the question of a curate and hoped that not a moment would be lost in engaging a curate.—The chairman was quite as anxious as 'Jr Smith that they should have the services of a curate in the 'wish, and he had no doubt it would not be very long before he got one. —a vote of thanks to till Chairman terminated the meeting Christ Church) Latchford. _ _ .

The annual vestry meeting Was held in W ,sl5-lane So hoc roam, Latehford, on Saturday everrnz. The Vicar (the Her F A Screeton) presided. and there were also present—Dr Guest Gornall, and Messrs Bernard. Hamilton. Taylor, otarkey, Banks T Fairclough. J B Chappell, Lows, Houghton. Margetts, Scett, Kirkham, Tinsley, and Long- bottom. Neither of the churchwarden' was present.— %Jr Longbottom. one of the sidesmen, rev/ the statement of accounts It appeared that the wardens commenced the year with a balance of 24 Sc 90 The general offertories amounted to £139 16s 10d. and with the Easter and special offertories £lll 14a 2d and other items the total proceeds same to £2Bl 12s qd. After adding the Easter offer- ings the total expenditure amounted to £291 3s 91. leaving a balance due to the churchwardens of £l4O its 2d.—The accounts were passed as read. Mr John Fairclough was again no ninatel AS vicar's warden and Mr George Dakin as people's warden, Mr Bernard was elected vicar% sidesman, with Mr Longbottom officiating in that capacity for the pe 'pit...while Messrs Tinsley and Hough- ton were also elected sidesmen —The vestry re-elected Mr James Fairciough and Dr Gornall as lay representatives to the Diocesan Conference and ruri-decanal Conferencesi—A vote of thanks was paseed to the church workers,to the choir, and to Mr Be!nard as school treasurer.—The Vicar read a °flatfoot)! the work of the new church extension, The report dealt very fully with the work to be done, and Mr Lowe proposed that the citation be approved. Mr Bernard seconded, and it was passed. The Vicar said that they had now raised £750 towards the enlargement, the cost of which would be £1.165. A vote of thanks was passed to the Vicar for presiding.

Improvements at Lymm Station. Important alterations on an extensive scale are being carried out at Lymm railway station, which, when completed, will prove very useful. The villagers have long agitated for various improve- ments, and doubtless what is now being done will give every satisfaction. Each platform is being lengthened by about 50 yards in the direction of Warrington. On the down side the platform roof ,is being extended by,a lolty structure which will afford plenty of light. The opposite platform which up to the present has been very open, is being roofed in and an additional waiting-room '(as well as a boiling office) is being built. The. ,work is proceeding very satisfactorily. The signal box is to be removed to the opposite side. Some time ago the Urban Council" pressed for a bridge to be con- structed over the crossing so as to render it less dangerous to the public,but the company cannot yet see their way to comply with the request, and they do not prop Jae to make a subway, on account of t the main sewer obstructing" the passage. across. Similar idteratiOn are being carried out at Heatley Station.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
rIFIK EXAM INEE, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901

- any religious way, and end in a -confirmed -secularizing - of the Lord's day 01 rest. There was a blessing in the truly religious use.of Sunday that. nothiog_.elee cotdd bring, and nothing e'se could compensate. If parents were careless about the religious use of .Stirodas, and gave its hours to ease and self indulgence or to imolai visits, or to excursions and tne like, the sons and daughters, as they bename old enough to cist as they liked, would toliow in the parents. path Now did he exaggerate the danger? E/ery 'year Save the increasing power of this tendency. Every summer !RSV .toote petioure taking on Sunday. The excastakons by brake, carriage, bicycle, train and steamer bhohne more numerous. The manners sod customs of people in L rridon on Suoday wer, spreatifng to the whole country. " B!igland said.* London paper too other they, ." was gradually getting 'back to pre-Puritan days. Not ohly averg.tuere,dinner parties and concerts, eptertaiornents of all korts at well-known Loodon'clubs, but the:Stage Society gave private psrforenances at various West End .Toeatres." London set thetuce, the provinces joined in the sang. They ha i had in this town various Intro- ductiong Of the " thin' edge of tbe wedge " in the enter- tairimeot line, when companies of vocalists, or even theatrical companies, had obtained the use of the Parr Hall for " sacred concerts " on Sunday evenings. THE WHOLE ARE OF THESE CONCERTS was to make money by them, to USO the Sunday for the purposes uf traoefor toe same people would sing sacred songs on Sunday and tIODCH lantern shows of priz a fights on hi )nday, or would mix up scenes from the P8•83i00 Play with scenes from the history of Joan of Arc. Last Sunday's attempt at the Royal Court Tneatre, by he engagement of the best military band in the kingdom', was the latest Rh:nitration of the same thin. What he want( dto say on this matter was that caithrruant , PEOPLE EH JULD STEADILY DISbOUNTEHANCE ' all the•ro secularitings cf Sunday. Tney mould ,permeate the community with a strong opinion in disfavour of these things. That,in his judgment, was the 'nest possible way of getting rid of them—tar better than invoking the power of arata Ant of Parliament There ~wita an act passed in 1780 by, means of which all au Ii sacred con.. certs or eihibititioi' as he had referred to were made illegal, and all who promoted them were liable to very, .heavy penalties.. But the Act was passed 120 sears ago' to meet special circurnstat•ces of the ' day and he, .for, one, did not care to advocate the enforcement of a law which the public opinion of to-day would brand as persecutions in oetence nf Sunday. Sunday could be kept as the Day of Rest, wherein men's minds or bodies, at any rate ctmld be renewed,

if only Christian people would steadily combine against it being turned int) It mere day of pleasure. It was in the power of the churches to do this, if the churches would 1)1 faithful and true. ' Let them stand up for the Day of Rest. Let them claim it for all classes equally and alike. • All needless travelling by land or sea, all needless trading whether in shop or music hall, all need- less work whether in forge, or factory, or home itself— let all this secular use of the Day of Rest be steadily refrained from. tdr R Bell, M.P., had well said that public businesses.publictioasf s, restau rants, t obacconists, fruit shops, newspaper shops, grocers, and hairdressers could and should be closed on Sundays, and he went on to sa V' THE TRAVELLING PUBLIC SHOULD BE MINDFUL of the ne•cl Of Sunday rest in the case of railway servants' Everybody so far as ever it was practicable sh mid be relieved from work on Sunday. L.t ih Day of Rest bring rest to tired bodies and jad, d minds. L-t men and w men have at least the chance of relaxing the strain of toil. Let them feel that when Sunday came the world gave them a holiday. Then also let them Sea on every hand, how Christain people rejoiced in Sunday as he Day of G'4, the day when men c uld think about the better life to come and get ready for it. If members of the churches, Teachers, and scholars in Sunday schools, members of P.S.A.'s would combine together, they could save Sun- day from becomiti.! secular. The), could give the day its proper character as a way of the higher life, as the " Sabbath of Rest, holy unto the Lord."

H

,AII,I4AhrIAMNVi\a'AVMhi

7 eL .11 ' ''• ,Ilek, ,_ 7. ,7.4.7"•:;,. 'I: : '':_ ,-2:1 1 ,) ;,,..., 1 . '---..ritt.krif-- --i '•48: • , :%z \ S ' '', • . , 1111 I • . ... .., ~, .r, I'll \._ . ' ! ; • ll''' 4 : ‘ • 'A 1 .. • ,

===== 0002601_19010419_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SECULA,-lIZATIO N OF I SUNDAY. , I

Sermon. by the Rev. J. Yonge.

Sunday Concerts and Amusements at Warrington.

At Wycliffa Cancel' on San lay eveling the Rey, Joan Vona praachad a sermon on "T tin of Sunday," tskinz for his text the words. "T le Sabbath oz Kest, holy to the Lord Exodus xxxi. 1& . .

, The rev geatlsiii.ui at the outset, observed that he called attention to this subject in responss to a gensral r.Autif•t which had tree mate to Christian ministers ot ail clutches by the " Workiugmea's Lor i'd Dsy R-st Assooiation." rheir desire, which be hoped might be very widely gratified, was that on that particular Sunday, the attention of congre- gations might hi o3cupied by the consideration of ttie unties and blessings of the Christian Day.. of Rest. The suojsct in itself, was one of very great imp irtance, but it had become urgent, and impsrative by reason of the '= rapid general deciine' in Sunday observance, even among people ; who yet proLssed to be religious,and also by, reason Of the persistent endeavours that were bsing made on all hands to secularize th s character of Sunday. Toe'CirCwar cynics had reached him from this association of workingm-n pointed out tdat in .I.otidon, and in all pats ot the country,

===== 0002601_19010419_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
- TREMENDOUS EFFORTS witax _BUNG DUDE

to secukrize the Lo,d's Day. Under the disastrous i tiff ienie,df,the Li nu County Council,the Sunday L Ague, and private speculators; theatres and con- cert r )0014 were being opened for gigantic entsl- taininent son the Lird's Day in all parte of Louden, and tne example of London was being followed-in many provincial towns. After, specifying the nom— bar of public hails in London aud the ueighboiirr hood where Sunday commons had been held the circular quoted from a paper called "The Referee," ot• January 20th. After giving a further list ,Vf concerts in London and suburban theatreNit finished its statement by the remark :—" London will soon .b I rid of the reproach ablur. Sunday dullness." 'ghat an aquciation of this kind, composed mainly of workingmen, should be in active operation in de- fence of ;..he Curistian Lord's Day, was

HATTER FOR CONORATIHATION. Judging from tee annual r”port, toe association ma- p-area to be under admirable mcnagement, with Mr. Richard bell,the railway servants' member in Parliament as its Freed int. It seemed to bays been very ,uccessful in preventing several of the eucroachmencs recently attempted upon the Day of R It had a good deal to do with Stopping the attempt made about two years ago to run dilly [onion papers with a Sunday lie's. Aftercmsiderable agitation &Ind Iltigation,also„ it h aped in the closing of the Crystal Palace on Sunday's, and it had done many other,serames of a similar kind. THS FUNDaMENTAt IDE& OF THE AssoaLaTlON appeareitto be twof itd and wicti b itii hr•ocries of it, he lrioi”d they would all be in agreemmt. rrst, it pr ,c(.edfed upon the belief that a weekly day of rest was a human necessity, as well as a divine regairement, and second, it I)l(N:seeded Upon the belief that if in this country trio week.y day Ot rest shou'd become secularized; it wodld be a very bad day indcled for the interee's of labour. It pointed out that in this coantry there were 50D,000 persons who earned their living in coon-ction with public amusements Trio meninz of places of amuse- ment would therefore involve a very great increase of Sunday labour. Moreover, when one trade was at work on Sundays,other trades in connection with it must also work --isucc as the refreshrnent and conveyance trades.

If Sunday was made a day for amusement it must .c-nte also more and more a day for work. It was so oa the Continew , where eery occupation might be seen in operation on :Sunday as on weekdays. The ~ay of Rest, the lissniation believed, was a priceless blessing which snould be shielded from the eacroAchments of Latour, and protected from the demands of traders in every possible way. Sunday opening meant Sunday labour, and Sunday labour meant a wrong inflicted on the wo,kinZ classes, an attack on one of their greatest blessings. That being the standpoint of this workiog- men's!movement he was glad to fall in with their desire to htvat he subjec: dealt with that day. The subject m ,reoyer w.s both

„ --- OPPORTUNE AND 'URGENT IN THEIR OWN TOWN just now. lie was credibly informed that Sunday trad- ing was becoming very coin non in Warrington, and that more shops wet.: np-n on Sundays now than ever before. Perms whose professional duties took them to all parts t the town said they were painfully impressed by the growing numbers of people who spent Sunday in indolence, or amusement, or tronlity of one kind or anothor.

_ THE LEADING THOROUGHFARES ON SUNDAY EVENINGS were thronged by hundreds of persons, chiefly young, woo deemed Sunday night the beat time in the week for promenade, and sometimes for boisterous frolic. They had had rt cintly several ctempts at providing enter- tainments in the Parr flail and other plmrs en Sunday. The boldest attempt of all was that ef Sunday alit, wheu the Band of 1h !fiines Grenadier Guards was advertised to give two sacred concerts ia the Royal Court Theatre. Facts like these created occasion for the c nosideration of the subject of the Day of Rest, and for asking men and women of all shades of opinion and of all aged to think carefully WHAT IT MEANT TO,,SECULARISE SUNDAY.

It was not the purpose of fps discourse to discuss the questiQu at any len4th of the Di 7ine authority of the ChririAn Sabbath. Ile would proceed rather upon the assumption that they who were met together, were largely agreed that the Day of R-st and Woralaip, known as the Lord's Day, or Sunday, did pow es a good deal of what might very properly be described as Divine authority. It might be true that nowhere in the New Testament did they nod any such literal enactment of the Christina Sabbath as they found in the Old Testa- ment of the new Ss3bath. They had no new Testament equivalent for the fourth commandment, but neither, it alight he said, had they any such literal equivalent for the other nine commandments. No one, however, questioi.ed the reasonableness or the validity of the moral enactments of the Mosaic Conisaandineuts, or their binding nature upon all who believed in God. All of them were precepts which made for good and righteousness between man and God, and between man and man. If that be so in respect of the nine, it might safely be inferred that it was the same with respect to the command for Sabbath keeping. The Changing con- ditions ot life and of humanity might indeed have ren- dered expedient a change in the day for the weekly rest but the principle of such weckly rest-keeping held good as long as human life remained what it ever had been. HUMAN NATURE NEEDED THIS PERIODIC REST . .

from toil. If that be so then a weekly rest day bad heen authorised and required by Him who create,' human nature. It was a law to be honoured and to be obeyed, with all possible respect and obedience by every man, and if so, then every man's duty, so far as ever it was possible, was to see that every other man, as well as himself had opportunity for that same ~bedience. Of , Conte.) there would inevitably be certain limitations to

absolute and literal obedience to this requirement They knew that buinan life could not be lived, human society Could not go on without certain kinds and degrees of work and toil even on the day of rest. But the welfare of the individual, and that of society at large, being involved in the mainten Ince of a weekly rest day, all possible care must be taken to guard it from distur- bance and still more to prevent its destruction. He hai frequently MARVELLED AT THE UTTER SELFISHNESS

so greatly displayed in the maters of recreation and amusement, and especially in the modern Sunday development. Ho had been teld by drivers of brakes and waggonettes that in the summer the Sunday work was the hardest, both for men and horses, of all the work of the week. And it was the hardest because the working-classes made it so. Men, who if they were required to work on Sunday would expect, in many eases even by the rules of their unions would demand extra, or even dnub'e pay, compelled their fellow work- ingmen to toil and slave on Sundays for their pleasure without any thought of extra pay. This was not done of malice, of course, but of sheer thoughtlessness; and this thoughtlessness of others sprang from inordinate thoughtfulness of self. Beyond, howeva, the physical authority for the weekly day of rest which was of local- eulable value to human well-be'ng, there was the still higher and deeper reason of its moral value. The weekly day of rest was God's method of keeping roan in mind of his higher nature. Be ventured to say that the peeplo who began life by Sabbath k eping, by the habitual worstaip of God in Ms house, but who had given up that early habit, bad not in reality profited, but had lost by that transaction. SECULARIZE A MAN AND YOU UNSPIRITUALIZE HIM. Neglect and misuse of Sunday was the bane of multi- tudes to-day. And it was the beginning of moral deterioration in any one who had ever professed to be rAigious. Nowadays the whole of Sunday was deemed too long for religion. This was a danporous tendency and should be steadily resisted. Its trend was towards a chronic irregularity in Sunday observance that would Presently become regular non-observance of Sunday in

Thera is Security in A few ,rops otoathbvash every al,raiag GARTER'S lE oz Srnall = SOZODONT

Will Sweeten Breath all day, and make all the difference b. Headache, tween— Biliousneis. lndi- 3004 Teeth and Bad Teeth. gestion. Constipation, Dizziness. 1148A5Z,4 teeth and Yellow Teeth. Li Furred Tongue, Tilly Touch the Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth ver. 5. • der, th Complete In Toilet '^s. ad be sure they ate 4:„Za. Teeth Pow aio.

!Tr IVER PILLS Small Bmall Absohttely curer T9rosl

===== 0002601_19010419_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL COMPANIES' AFFAIRS. --- Applications by Debenture Holders.

The Hope Foundry Company. Before hislfionour Judge Rowlands, at the Warrington County Court, on Tours lay, last week, Mr Lorraine of Liverpool, appeared in the matter of the Hope Foundry Company, in liquidation, and on behalf of the debenture holders of the company, who are judgment creditors. asked to be allow, d to proceed with the action in the Chancery Palatine Court of Lancashire. He reminded his Honour that the case was adjourned for a month on the application of Mr Rylands. who repre- sented the Official Receiver to make i .quiries into the matter and ascertain if the Official Receiver should be aopointed the permanent liquidator of the company. The Meeting had taken place, and Mr Dibb had been appointed liquidator by the creditors.--His Honour called upon Mr Rylands to show 01050 why the order should not be made as asked.—Mr Rylands addressed his Honour at some length in an endeaveur to convince him that his (Mr Kylands') position would he prejuaiced if the order was allowed to go except ,upon terms.— After hearing Mr Lorraine in reply, his Honour made an order subject to the official liquidator beine allowed to attack the validity of the debentures if so advised. His Honour ordered the costs to be the costs in the action, and Mr Rylands to have costs nut of the liquidation. Furness and Company. In the matter of Wiltiana Furness and Company, Mr Arthur Browne appeared for the debenture holder—Mr dah Furness, of Sankey. He said this was a similar application to the last for an order te continne proceed- ings in the Chancery Court of Blanchester: The deben- ture holder had obtained judgment against the com- pany, and a-compulsory winding-up order was made at the County Court after its igteent hid b ien obtained on 13th December last. The Official Receiver had been appointed liquidator, had had ample opportunity of investigating matters, and he (Mr Browne) thought there was no objection on the part of the Official Receiver to the application —The Official Receiver, who appeared in person, said he had no objection it the words inserted in the order were as those which had been inserted in the previous nide —Mr Browne pointed out that this was absolutely unnecessary, and said the Official Receiver had the power without any doubt and without any Such order being rnade —His Eionour agreed, but Mr Browne admitted that there would be no h irm in the words being inserted, and the order was made accord- ingly, the ens', to be costs in the ac-,ton. Tact Official Receiver did not apply for any elate.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SLEEPLESS NIGHTS.

Weak Nerves the Cause. Mr Clinnick tells how he obtained Relief and a Cure. Wnat organism is strong enough to stand up under the Sleopiessness is a forerunner of IsTsrvous Prostration. strain of sleepless nights? It is not strange that physicsl and mental weal:less, iA moun t i n g soon to complete prostration, follows inabili y to sleet). That the nerves largely depend upon the kidaeys for : sustenance and strength is easily understood, as without rich, pure blood to feed upon, the nervous system som becomes weak, and if the kidneys are impaired. Poisons are allowed to enter the blosd, and the nervous system is quickly affected. That Dodd's K dney Pill, byactinv on the kidneys, promptly afford relief in cases of nervous debility and sleeplessness, is evident by the folio ving letter fr om Mr E J Clinnick, who, wypinq from 4, Palmerston-street, Devonport, on February 20th, 1901, oils r— rdayp thate..so n I s i u haveot,, kyient d of, and I feel a beard the first box. "1 rak 3 pleasure in wri jag to inforM you that I have found Dodd's Kidney pills most valuable in fact, better quittha a n, an yd irffe em,r 1 "I was suffering from nervous feel equal to performiag my usual debility, and did not duties, was very de- t sl e•-, well, and usually rose in the morning with a sense of fatigue, and pressed and low spirited, could no a reeling that nor sleep did not refresh me. I was also greatly trou',led With bid he.d.cnea. Feldieg such good results from the first box, I took three more, and am pleased to say I am ladw tree from the symptoms named above. I have no hesitation in recommending Dodd's Kidney Pills to anyone suffering from nervous debility." Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2, 91 per blic, six boxes for 13. 91 of all Chemists. or sent post free on receipt of price by The Dodrril, Medicine Co., 23, Farriogdon- -1 Avenue, London, B.C. Important to remember the name, D-n-d-d:s.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Wycliffe P.S.A. society.—Open Meeting.

Sunday's gatherings in connection with this society, was of an open enaraoter, and members of both sexes *ere admi3ed Mese meetino are always well'attended and the meeting on Sunday prevail no exception to the. rule. The 11,.v Jahn Volvo president ot the Society occupied the chair and briefly addressed the meeting. The speaker was the Rev Vir Mossero. (VVesleyan minis- ter, New Ferry), who delivered an ad,areas, his subject being " Christ, the li2ht-of the world." The discourse was instruwave and interesting, acd commanded the careful attention of the au i,nce. Mr R H Pearson gave an efficient rendering of toe vioin solo " Star of Bethle- hem," and Miss Ro'hwell sang in a sweet manner " Sun of my soul." A collection was taken on behalf of the funds of the society.

To Mora Elm—Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup has been sed for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their I 3hlldren while teething, with perlect suc:-ess. It will relieve the roorsufterer Immediately It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural aria weep, oy relieving the child from pain end the ittio.nerub awakes "as bright as r. button." Of all Chemists Is led per bottle. Advt.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
0

I

h

e

w

0

a

n

h

e

, 4EVAVAWNWAMMISAWhatVANAWarIi tli-,_ ,)41

===== 0002601_19010419_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
VIliV

===== 0002601_19010419_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ouse.

'2.11 7311 i '7lOl `ttta `):03 770,

Almost every woman at the head of a home meets daily with innumerable worries in her household affairs--perhaps too small to notice an hour afterwards,

L&I

but having ;their effect in time upon the

,J 0

--Jew

I .111

4 •

Lettero to tbe Obitor.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of let ere intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor.

—.— • Matter a intended for publicaion must be written on one side oaly of the paper and sent in. if possible, not latter than Thursday. Clrrespondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion thin a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstances under- take to return the manuscripts which are not used.

1 that on Sunday next, April 7th, (Easter Day) two concerts aredo be giver, by the Band of His Majesty's Royal Grena- dier Guards in the said 'theatre at which the mull charges are to be made tor admission. This continued violation of the law is regarded in a very serious light by the Deputation and by those they represent,particularlv as the Act of Parlia- ment which is thereby contravertied is the only one which provides that Theatres, Music Halls, Voncert Halls 80. shall not be opened for the purpose of amusement on the Lord' Day, as on weekdays. the object which the Deputation has in view is to preserve the weekly Day of Rest for all,and in accordance with the existing law, to prevent the encroach- ment upon it of performances in The dres or Public Halls for profit, gain, or by way of trade. It is therefore, hoped that the Watch Committee will see its way to give such directions as will enema compliance with the law in the future. The Deputation do not wish to su gest that any harsh or irritat- ing measures should be taken, but they are of the opinion that the giving of public entertainments on dundays, for money payment. is a matter of such grave national and local importance that they feel it incumbent upon them to lay their views before the Watch Committee, with a view to securing the observance of the existing law a copy of which will be found on pages -B.and 9 of the accompanying pamphlet. The deputation will it is expected consist of the Rev Canon Willis, Rector of Warrington, the Rev 3 Divies, Vicar of St Ann's ; Rev Francis fi Powell, Vicar of St. James'; Rev W Bracecamp, Curate of nt Peter's; Rev C H Hocken. Wesleyan Minister and Secretary, Evangelical Free Church Council ; Rev Cherie' Finch, Primitive Methodist Minister and Vice- President Free Church Council; Rev E T Reed, Minister of Emmanuel Church, and possibly, others. The Act of Parliament referred to is that which 12 com- monly known as "The Lord's Day Act" viz Geo. 111. 'o 49.. by which "it is enacteddhat any house room or other place which shall be opened or used for public entertainment or amusement, or for publicly debating on any subject what- soever on any part Of the Lord's-lay, called Sunday, and to svhion persons shall oe admitted by is may nent of money, or by tickets sold for money, shall be deemed a dlsorderl house or place. and the keeper thereof shall forfeit £2OO for every day that such house. room, or plage shall be opened or used as aforesaid on the Lord's-day, to such person as will sue for the same, and be otherwise punishable as in cases of dis- orderly houses; and the porrsons managing or conducting such entertainment or amusement on the Lord'r-day, or acting as master of the ceremonies there, or as Moderator, president. or chairman of any such meeting for public debate on the Lord's-day, shall likewise for every such offence for- feit £lOO to such persons as will see for the same. And every door-keeper, servant, or other person who shall collect or receive money or tickets from perilous assembling at .uch house, or who shall deliver out tickets for admitting persona thereto, shall also forfeit £50.4 nee. 3.—Any person advertising such nubile entertainment or amusement, or .meeting or printing or publishing any such advertisement, shall forfeit £so.*. . .

Deputal ton were afforded an opportunity of plac- ing their views before the Commdtee, the following taking part io the procee.lings :—Reva Canon Willis, J Davies, 0 El Elocken and E T Reet—The Rev Francis E. Powell, rtwon,r to anorher engagement, was unable to accompany the D ,putation. He, however, sent the following letter which was read, and to the publication of which he has kindly given his consent St. James' Vicarage, Warrington, April 3rd. 1901. Dear Mr. lieed,—lt is very uncettain whether I shall be able to form part of the deputation to-morrow, but the object has my entire sympathy and support. As I understand it, this is no move to bring legal pressure to bear upon religious institutions .vhich should rely as much as possible on religious Sanctions alone. Neither is it an attempt to prevent people enjoying such Sunday recreation as their consciences will permit, and their laclinations desire. It is, I think, wise.: to leave people as unfettered as possible in their method of Sunday ot.servance. But the Lords Day of Rest has become one of the greatest blessings to our natiOn,and every attempt to destroy so beneficent an institution should be strenuously resisted. It is n ea, safeguarded by statute. Remove this statute and the Institution Is in danger of being wrecke I. It will be seen therefore that we are merely anxious to continue this statutory protection to what has been and still is. so priceless a boon to thee .mmunity. And we, with alt respect. and may I add, in full confidence ?—appeal to our civic authorities not to abow s., useful a law to become a dead letter. I thank you very much for asking me to associate with you and others in so important and pressing a matter. Very truly, yours

nervous system. . ..:-.Little . worries make WOnien look - prematurely old. Headaches and ner- vous 'fits result; the appetite becomes fickle; a feeling of constant weariness grows; pains in the back recur V constantly • p heart palpitations and unnatural fatigue follow the i Slightest exertion. The blood and nerves,need ;attention. i Williams' • _ • „„. ... . _ for . People I , are invaluable for anmic and " run-down„ • - women. They ,are particularly adapted , as i-a regulator in 'diseases peculiar to women. . . Through the blood and nerves the pills fortify the whole system, bringing brightness to the seye and a glow of health to the cheek., They help the stomach to digest food and nourish the body The tired. body -loses the .feeling of lassitude : life is worth living. par,ar'' Dr: Williams' Pink Pills do not weaken as purgatives do but help -ear se and give strength. Thousands of weary, hopeless women have testified :- .., to the 'benefit derived from these pills. Here is one instance: pc we, At Southery, near Downham Market, Norfolk, resides Mrs. A. Porter, who, in the course of an interview with a Dort•nhain Market Gazette reporter, related the following circumstances : ; "I failed in my health four years ago, and I grew gradually weaker until January, 1899, when my last baby was born. Two months after my confinement eczema broke out all over my body, and for a long time I was under a doctor. Though I was sent to the seaside and had every attention, I was no better. I was unable to look after my family, and all my friends thought I could not live long. I seemed to be gradually sinking and wasting away. My nerves were in a very bad state; I could not bear my children to to speak to me, or make a noise; but now lam quite a new woman. Some friends advised me to try Dr. Williams' se Pink Pills for Pale People, and to my surprise, when I had been taking them about a fortnight, I began to regain my appezite and WC a little strength. Every day I felt stronger, and after a few weeks the eczema disappeared, and I was able to get about the house. Now I am thankful to say I am quite clear of the eczema, my nerves are unimpaired, and I feel so strong and well that lam able to do my housework. There are seven of us in the family, so I have plenty to do, but work is a pleasure now, though previously I was absolutely helpless." There aremany substitutes,but these cannot cure and may work further harm. The genuine pills always bear the full name— mt. " DR, WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS FOR PALE PEOPLE," etl27 and the many diseases cured by them include numerous cases of Amervia, Zir. Indigestion, "Decline," Consumption, Palpitations, Hysteria, Rheumatism, Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, nervous disorders er... in men, and in women the ailments from which they alone suffer. Sold at c 64.4----- 2S. gd. a box, or six boxes for 13s. gd., postage free, by Dr. Williams' Medicine CompanyPHolborn Viaduct, London, also by most chemists. Ml' P MAFtMWOVMMiiniAY ItiWO

lunwise in running a " stove grinder" for the position Elective Auditor, and in making a special appeal to Trades Unionists, as such, to support him. I deny in toto that there is any connection between the two things' Such impolitic action only does harm to the cause of labour, and compels a large number of the more intelligent working men to hold aloof from an organization which might be employed to much better purpose in the interests of its members than in wasting the money of the rate. payers in such an unnecessary conflict. " P.J." says that Mr Flanagan was" run" by a "number of work- ing men who paid his expenses "—did they or did they not? If they really did pay the expenses, I for 008 am very glad to hear it, but I should like to have Mr. ,Flenagan's personal assurance to that effect. Your correspondent goes on to say that " the law says the 1 accounts of the Corporation have to be audited by a professional accountant."—Does it ? I shall be very glad if " P.J." will give me chapter and verse for this statv- meat, but I may as well tell him in the mean- time that the law says nothing of the kind, n.-ither are the Corporation accounts audited by any person other than the elective auditors and the Mayor's auditor—hence the need for qualified and capable men with a thorough knowledge of figure.. His further statement that "the law says the ratepayers shall elect two auditors, who shall see that the rates are spent wisely and legally" is equally incorrect. No such dots' is placed upon the elective auditors hut what they at teqdirea to do is to se that the accounts are pr,- perly kept,strictly accurate and completely vouched for. " P J.'s referenoe to the obvious fact that "Brains are not mmopolised by any class " was shown most die- tinctiy at the recent election by a large number of work- ing men who in spite of the appeals made to their Trades Unionist oreju lime did not 883 the wisdom of trying to 8: a round man into a square hole and consequently voted as their" brains" and intelligence dictated ? Your correspondent further alive that I seem to rejoice in the fact of this deplorable state of mind of his fellow townsmen. What does he mean by this suggestive sen- tence? Dues be mean that rhe working men of this town are so apathetic and indifferent to their own and to their wives' and children's interests as not to care how their town is governed. If this is what be means, then I tell him he is libelling and that most grossly the work- ing men of Warrington. There is in every town a certain amount of ignorance and lack of interest in local govern- ment, but because the people here do not choose to accept as gospel the hare-brained chatter of every \ irrespoesib!e demagogue who makes up for his lack of argumm,. 'oy his conl-ortions of body and vehemence of speech, it does not follow that they do not take • lively ani intelligent interest in the town's affairs? I notice that Mr. Flanagan with a refreshing modeety whiah does credit to his discretion if not to his valour "for obvious reasons" declines to carry the controversy with me any furth, r. I presume that the "obvious r ..as9n. "are thet he ha 9 had more than he bargained or.—Yo•ars, MERCURY.

Di.? WILLIAMS ' ' ( 1 EA INK' IT'ILLS ~ A r°Cl )4 ALEI

'4,

_ ict . to tt, Aa

===== 0002601_19010419_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE TO COdIiEIPONDENTS.

FRED STOTT —Your reply to" Mercury " WEIS quite accidentally omitted last week, the U.S. baying peen misplac.ed.

The Children's Liquor Bill.

Sir,—The following resolution was heartily and usani- mously passed at a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Warrington Evangelical Free Church Council held 20th ult and I am directed to send a cops' to you for publication and also send one to Mr Pierpoint. " That this meting of the Executive Committee of the Warrington Free Church Council deeply regrets and strongly condemns the action of Mr Robert Pierpoint in voting against the Second Reading of the Children's Liquor Bill in the Rouse of Commons on March 20th." I.ani,;air yours faithfully, C. H. HOCKEN (hon secretary). April 11th 1901.

Sunday Concerts in Warrington. Protests from Local Clergy and the Free Church Council. Sir,_—I am directed by the Exocutive Comrnites of the Warrington Evangelical Free Church C ivacil to send you the following correepondence tor you kind publica- tion. c..a. HOCKEN, (bon secretary.)

, To his Worship the Mayor of Warringtcm. Dear Sir,— We are recoested by the Erecutive Committee of the Warrington Evangel;cal Free Church C)uncil to forward the following resolution with respect to an illegal Sun- day Concert which is announced to be held in the Parr Hall on March 17th nest

•• That the hon. secretaries be askei to send a firm ,nd emphatic protest to the Mayor and the Psrr Hall Committee against the Evasion of the Law with respect to Sabbath Observance, as indicated by the lettlit‘ of the Parr Hall for bunday Concerts on March 17th next., . . .

We venture to express the hope that the local authority whose duty it is to carry out the exisr,ng laws will se d their way to take such steps as will effectively prevent' n future the letting of the Parr Hall for illegal purposes on Suodays.—We are, dear Sir, faithfully yours, C. A. HOCKEN A. H. DUNN son. secs. of Parr Had, Warriugtoo. 27ch March 1901. _ _

Dear Sir,—l am instructed by the Parr dal! Com- mittee to inform you that your letter of the 4th instant has been considered by them and that they have passed the following reso:utions : Resolved that the following r•gulations be made for the use of the Hall on Sundays for Sacred Concerts . (14. That admission to the Hall for an evet.ing con- cert be not allowed before 8,15 p.m. (2). That no charge be made for admission.—Yours faithfully, • J. LYON WHIT ME,

Warrington. 10th April, 1901. Sir,—Will you be so gcloci as to publish, in your issue of Saturday next, the 13th inst. the following memor- andum, which was sent to his Worship the Mayor. and to the other members of the Watch Committee previous to a meeting of that committee held on Thursday April 4th. Warrington, April 3rd. 1901. To his Worship, the Meyer of Warrington and members of the Watch Committee.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
MEMOR &NDU3I.

Dar Mr Mayor and Gentlemen, It, has been arranged with the l'own Clerk that a Denota- tion of Christian Ministers chill wait upon the Watch 'Committee at 4 p in., to-morrow (Vtamsday) with a view to bringing before the committee a proposed infringeme.it of ' the law with respect to 0- observance of the Lord's Day, and as the Town Crerk stat-d that the time at the 111w:rant of the committee to-morrow is somewhat lim:ted on accmunt of other committees being held the same afternoon, it will, Perhaps, save the time of the Watch Committee if the ob- jects which the Deputation have in view are briefly set forth. The subject of Sunday concerts. admission to which is by a payment of money. or in other words for the purpose of prolit. gain or by way of trade, has been brought before the Public authorities of Warrington on many occasions during the past five years, and the recant decision, of the Parr Hall Committee with respect to Sunday concerts in that building is a distinct step in the direction of compliance with the law. and encourages the hope that In the matter which is now to be brought under the notice of the Watch lionatuittee, such a decision will be arrived at as will secure compliance with the Statute and set at lest tubs prolonged agitation. On several occasions during the past lew years Sunday concerts have been given in the /Loyal Court Theatre at which charges for admission haye been made. The illegality of such pro- ceedings has been p listed out to the manager of the theatre. Announcements are mow to bc seen on the bill-pasting stations, in shop windows, and;in newspaperst,to the effect

===== 0002601_19010419_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS E. POWELL.

the Rev E C E Carleton, Vicar of Holy Trinity. 41so sent a message expressing tun symplthy witb the Views of the Deputation At the close of the interview with the Watch Committee, the Deputation had a consulta- tio:a, and decided that, as the subject is one of public interest the foregoing information should be sent to the local newspapers for publicwion, I am, dear Sir, Faithfully yours. EDWARD T. REED.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
' Mercury and the. frades Council."

- . Sir,—l am glad to notice that your ,correspondents of Saturday law, have refrained from any repetition of those pet sonalitios which only injure the cause into the advocacy of which they are allowed to enter. As t-, whether I " improved' my positioa by my second letter or not, Lam quite content to leave your readers to judge. I started out by calline attention to the undue proportion of insurance agents, who were candidater at the election of guardians then pending, and who ad- vertiz,M themselves as " morally supported by the Trak,es Council "and in doing so I admit that I made a slight mistake in stating that four of these gentlemen were contesting for nine seats; I ought to have said for 10 seats. This trifling error which in no wav affects the main issue, has been PPiZ upon by " P as though I had committed a deadly sin. I stick to my text and I repeat that while it undoubtedly is most de- sirable that " labour "should be adequately represented on the Board, one would nave expec:ed twat such an important and presumably representative body as the Trades and Labour Conac.dicould easily hav!. nominated candidates whose clalmwto be direct representatives of labour would have been much better founded, ~ My second poiat was that the Trades Council were

===== 0002601_19010419_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
1.0.G.T. No, 1 Convention, South-west Lancashire.

On Saturday, the members of the above met in the Co-operative Hall, Leigh, for the monthly session. Bro 0 Clarke, CC T, (Earlestown), pre- sided over a good attendance of representatives from Warrington, Earlestewn, L igh, St Helens, Ashton, end other parts of the ores. There was also a large number of visitors present, including Bro 0 B Walker, PG A 8 (Liverpool). Bro E New- man. C Sec, (Earlestown), reported that the lodges in the area were doing a fairly progressive work and urged the members to do their utmost to further tile cause of Good Templary. The follow- ing visiting deputies reported having visited the dlfer,nt lodges in their charge, Bro's Speakman (Ashton), Newman (Earlestown), Sheath (Warring to Carke (E irlestown), Brookes (Leigh), Lindosi (7,t, Helens), and Sister Mrs Woods, (Eirlestowni fhe reports were adopted 'after some discussion. Bro' Walker gave an earnest address on the work of tte Templar Institute and advised all the members ti otu end enter for the course of study, thus learnieg about the scientific view of the evils of drink. Votes of condolence were passed to Bro Warburton. (iarlestown) on the deadi of his father, to Bro, Plant (tiaydock) on the death of his wife, and to Sister Rogers (Leigh). A vote of thanks wa3 accor- ded to Bo Walker for his presence and address, and also to the Leigh members for the arrangements, made for the session. Toe members then sat down to a substantial tee, to which full justice was done. A public meetiog was afterwards held in the same room. Bro Parr, of [Jelly', ("Happy Jack") pre- side[i. Addresses were given oy the Chairman and Bro Lindon, V.D. (St Helens) and songs etc., were rendered by members and friends of the Order. The u-ual votes of thanks brought a very Euccesfal , mee;ing to a doe. NBV7 SPRING .Inunicre. MANTLES. DRESSBS &0., latest sty'es and colourings ; Imperil Water- proofs in Oxford (A-rays, and alt rile newest tints.—W. T. eankey-etreet, and Legh-street. Warrington. —Advt. Kfi 'd mem-cuss MINERAL ; f Dlla ;SI rCIE . I idvNt I0:9:011M OAK POE 000 D BOOTS. -A d v • 6PRING CLEANING made eaey by usiag MILLER 6 FURNITURs; CREAM. Beet that can be made.—MlLLr.n. . the Chemist in Bridge-street, Warrington.—Aa vt.

'

;t.l

Eb t "o;am= " Aerie&

rrHE WARRINGTON AND MID-CMISHIRE lizaaaaria." pabdahed every Saturday morning.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAM/NEB: published every Friday afternoon. T" " ST. HELENS ExikrarNßE," published every Friday afternoon.

THE " RUNCORN ExIsLuNRE," published every Friday moraing.

THE rDNSS EX klifINER:' published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 13 ...... ...... Os. 6d. ... Is. 31. ... Es. Odi 27 as 46 54

' i!......, ...' . , - 't.f- -• ~A •-• I iii P : , , _ • I,- ~ .. J . , -‘ , , .-, ... .‘ . -.,.... . #le, , • 4 . . 7 - nt., ' X. • '''' . - , ... r .P....,... - ' ... t ". . • - .. ^ t • - , • . . W.c" '. 1 4... ..

===== 0002601_19010419_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ill

_ .

===== 0002601_19010419_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
iDomtOtir AltrbantO, dr.

VT —Apply HOUSEMAID WAITRESS excellent aituation. —Apply Miss Hunsox. 19 Irlam-street, Warrington.

WAISTED. good COOK-GBNBIIAL : five in family; goad character indispensable.—E. G., 28, Weateliffe-road, Southport

WANTBD, strong willing GIRL. ahont 16. for house work; fond of children; wages 36.-307, annow- Wigan. --.

LANE,

WANTBD. a Good MISSAL, where housemaid is kept. Apply Tire Wayne, Anson-road, Victoria Park, klanahester.

WANTRD a girl as GBNERAL, about 18 years of age.—, Address Miss HARVEY, 3, Ilague-road.West Didbzury Manchester.

liirANTlll3 at once Young SERVANT to assist others. Good wages, faintly of three.--Apply BDOF.LEIT Notarr, dtockpolt.

WANTED. COOK GENERAL to take all duties, two in family ; wages 18.— Apply at cnoe Ktaa HunsoN, 19, Iriam-street, Warrington.

CLBETHONPES.—MISS SIMPSObT from Manchester. Comfortable Apartments. close to sea and golf links.- 39. ROWEITON-STREET.

WANTBD, clean capable GBSTERAL, family two. wages ZIIS part wash —Mrs CURSE Ashleigh, Park-road Peet Causeway, Cheshire.

NVANTED. Cooke. liouseal.tris, Nurses, Genersts. tares paid. Good WiIge<4.—HOTTOSILLEY'S REGISTRY MOt- leT -street. Bradford. Yorkshire.

1 BABILILS wanted for Blackpool and Southport Hotel and Private, good wages, no fees chargel.---JokEs Bask street Chambers. Warrington.

WANTIID immediately 0001 i good situation in Warring ton. wages £2B to £36 per year.--Apply Miss HUDSON 19 Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED, good GENERAL. able to comic ; three In family ; Housemaid kept; character required.—Apply NE'ITT-BENNETT Matlock Bridge.

MTANTSD. good PLAIN WOK, age 25 to 33 ; wages £2O to .£24 ; two In family—Apply by letter. Min Frodshain. by Warrington.

WANTED, Good GENERAL about 18 to 20. good wages and good home to suitable girl, no children: Address MRS DAVY, S. Ashll4.i-road, Burnley.

WANTIin good GRNERAL for farmhouse; two in family; comfortable home.— Mrs. CIE ItSBHYBE, The Green, Vhorlton-cum-Hardy, near Manchester.

ANTBD good GENERAL. for small family ; nurse kept; no weahing ; good referenoes.—GLENUußeT, W. Broughton-drive. Orassendale, Liverpool.

AVANTIC!) Good General sivavamr, for family of three ro vrashing ; reference reg dred.—Apply •Alls Drs. ETT, Poplar Bank, Derky-street, Prescot, Lancashire.

WANTED, UNDER-HOUSEMAID atrong and active, 13 to 2), churchwoman, country situation. £l4 to £16.- Irs. HAROSEAVES, Knightley Grange. Eccleshall, Starts.

NATANTRD plain COOR-GBNBEAL and Housemaids T waitress ; small family ; state age, wages, references, ttatt partieulars.—Mrs B.,MoitTiosh, Altrincham, near Man- ch-liter.

AVANTED hOUSRMAID, small fain.ly ; Protestant ; state wages, give references, and say how tong in last • sP"nation,—Apnly, Mm HANKER, Bay Villa, NOrthenden. Cheshire.

XPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a XI moment's notice or all cases.—apply NURSES Itrartru- Ttots, 70, 'tope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic liddresa " Nurses."

- WANTMD HOUSKMAIDAVAITRESS, for small family; V roust understand her duties and have good referenoes. —Address with full yortieulars Mrs. HAciDWICIL, Park Gate, Tlonerley, Cheshire.

j—ILAPHAM Maternity .Hospital.—Jefferys-road, London. Ladies trained in theoretical and practical midwifery (3 m)nths' course). Monthly nurses trained.—Apply SECRE- TSRY.

WyANTED, GENERAL ; good references ; for family of two ; able to wash and do plain cooking ; comfortable borne, and r ' wages to suitable Lie. —6. IlgrcomenELD- ßOAD, Fern Widnes.

good ttrorth,

SBRVANTi WAN' INC+ good SHLIATIONS and good wages. apply Mrs PRESTON. Progressive Registry. 14, Bold-plase, Liverpool, and 44. Charles street, Blackpool, many vacancies, reference required, encloso stamp.

MIDDLN AGED LA.DY seeks SITU N ATIO as House- keeper or Nurse to a Gentleman or Lady, 14 years experience ; would take mental or paralized eases ; highest reterences —Mial 1:11.7D.0N 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
oz ante.

Vi AN WANTED. 300 weekly and commission. Specimens IVA free.—Address Amax Si,turAm: Co. Blackpool.

I °IRMO{ are requested to KEEP AWAY FROM BLACK- ?, POOL AND DI -TRICT during the dlapute.

. WANT BD, a FIMIAL RVANT ; milker : state wage. —JoHN GREE2CHALGIi Farmer, Walsh Fold, Turton, near Bolton. TIRAPERY.— WANTBD. well educated YOUTH as AP- " .11_, PRENTICH tn the General Drapery.—J. ATKINSON, 7, 11 and 13, Bridge-street, Warrington.

WAR MBOALS WARTRD dated 1848. or earlier £2 given ; also Fenian Raid. Arctic Red River, Flrkat tit ftra,Mashorta, Matabele, &c.—MAJOR TOXIN, Drcdtwidh.

• ANTBD, 100—faa. wornout HORSRS weekly, for foreign tr,da ; warranted to be destroyed ; price front el to E4.—WH.Lust DRINBFTELD,HRt and Feather liatel.Oldnam.

NIT ANTBD ASSISTANT MISTRESS Certificated, for Knowsley-road British School, St Helens. Salary Etis per annum. Apply to A. C. PILXINGTON, Grove-street, St Helens.

WANTRD AGAINTS. either whole or spare time, for an Investment Company. salary and commission to suit- able men.—Apply any evening after 7 o'clock, to kidTXB3, L. Musenm-stfe.t Warringtoa.

OgIS. 6d WICSKLY.—A !Mary of Is 6d to 22s 6•1 off3red to either sex (who C4II write) for their spare asosnoni ; work mvy be done evenings.—For particulars ate d addressed envelope to M. TRO9GOTT and Co , 6d (ilea dower, Torquay.

NVANTBD. IIIsPRIV3SN—TATIV6 tbriughont dis- trict for sale of our Claroms Almanacs, advertising uoieltles ; one with connectioi amongst groaers and other trad,ainen ; a fair income assured. -Apply LILLs Ca., LIMITED, Nottingham.

ANCU MANAGBII, of an old established end important 1.1 Life Ottic., recMres an Assistant on alary and com- mission. Only gentlemen having good local connections need apply —address in the first instance, "Assurance." c/o I% B. Bnowateis Advettlsing Agency. '163, Queen Victoria- street. London. B.C.

_ QP‘NITABY INSPECTOILSIIIPS salaries 2100 to £250. L../ numerous vacancies. Postal Cour., of Lessons now commencing fo: Liverpool and Manchester extras. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over 200 successful candidates. :noir. BEEiT MusaFlNS.llitnry Science. r.:llcher, Sunderland. Name paper.

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS FOR

FRINTIYG OF ALL DESCRIPHONS CONCERT BILL AND PROGRAMMUS. ACTION SALE SILLS AND CATALOGUES. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS.

TICKETS, etc.

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

BRWSKY STREET. WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 0489.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPBOIALITY : MAMMOTH POSTliad. LAUGH TYPII MALAIMOTH POSTRUS. FOB MAMMOTH POSTBUS. ?BB MOST STRIKING MANIttit)TH POST111:.8. POST BR 'MAMMOTH POSTHEIS. Pradaced in be Country. MAXMOTH PosTRUs. rd A ISIOTH POSTBUS. A SPHCIALITY. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

1/ottlo,lvbros, Zoarbing 05tab5.

COLWYN BA:3C . —Graham Boarding Bstabtishment &maw:ow-map. Terms 4s. 61 per day, or apart- ments (reasonable.) Near Pavilion. Cycle accommodation

Spartnuitto

- DLACKPOOL.—Mrs &spinall (late of Clitheroe), Comfor- _Ll able Accommodation, near station and pier, 17, W Err CAROLINE-STREET. Plano.

BLACKPOOL.—Hrs. °wax, Bewsey House, Lord-street, ZiOrth Shore. Close to Station. Trams. and Sea. (Late Bewsey-road, Warrington.

BLAGKPOOL —eingertor House. with or without board Bath, Foresters, and all made most welcome.--Send for circular; PALMER, 93, Albert-road.

BLACKPOOL.—Visttors will find Comfortable Aeeommo- dation st airs LEE'S. 12, hydal-terraee. Central-road, near Central :station ; piano ; terms moderate.

QUPERIOR APAHD/liINTd furnished, or unfurnished, large garden, bay windows, no children or other lodgers. —Address N.C., EX*MILNER Orrtcc, Warring oa.

g, totits, tufontszto, tit.

QUOFireligbt Business tor Sale; buyer taught; other kJ business cause of giving up. Apply at WORKS. Victoria. street, Nelson.

rrliß BUSIBESS of Floriet. Fruiterer. and Greengrocer for I.bale.—For particulars. apply to JESNWE aud liaTaaa, 52, Longmoor-lane. Aintree.

CLOG4LING and BOOT IMPAIRING ; good wane:Aim no opposition; splendid opportunity; good reasons for leaving.—HAßPEn. 162. ale-lane. Tyldesley.

Mucatton.

-- 1 TISIVBEISITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPOR T.—A most succes V ful Boarding School for Boys. T lelizuWOOD, M.A., LL D.. D.C.L,

===== 0002601_19010419_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ARRINGTON GRAMMAR 6CHOOL.

Ohare.

ED Ittet.

1110 Let —LARGE BOOM, Orford-street ; rent £2o. Apply WUODB & SON, Solicitors, Horsamarket-street, Wareitag.on.

DREMISISS suitable for WORKSHOPS, Orford-street.- 1 Apply Wouns SON. Horsemarket-ste es Warr Ington.

rpo LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.L I Apply WoODB AND Hos, Solicitors. liorsemarket.street, WArriagton.

r ()OK-UP SHOP TO LET Padgate, Bait Butcher, Groee &c.. rent 43 ter week elear•—qpply. JoeEPIL 9 BAR LAND. Bridge-street Warrington.

To LET. STABLE and COACH-HOUSR. with lofts ovcr large yard at!sched oft Tanners-lane,-App y WOODS tt i.olicitors, 65, Horsernarket-street, Warringtnn•

-- EXAMINER PRINTING WoRK,S,. PROGRAMMES Fort SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES Foa FETES, &c.

atts bp Vribitt Ertatp

VI-OMB-WORK for Ladies. Particulars 3 stamps.-0. I TOWNEND, 25, Corsica-street, Highbury. London.

A JOB LO Tiles, Lavatories, Closets, Sinks, for Sale.— LI. CHEAP TILE 00., (King Dept.), Stoke, Staffs,

DltkibS LENGTH —Black-corded silk ; pledged; sacrifice voucher, 58.—lisxmosP,10,0ambridge-ro.d, Loudou,l3.

ACK'S AT SRA • A portrait of Ws ship painted. Write tl for particulars la THOBNDALE-ROAD, Waterloo. Liverpool. INCOMB TAX.—Retunds and abatements obtained. Moder- ate terms. Advice gratis.—L.. 44. LONOLET-BOAD, Tooting.

QCOLOPHIsiIIItUfd VULGAR.—Grand fern for window decoration- 6 roots free is. 3d.—BARRIe, Durrant, Bideford.

qlO be Sold a good WATCH DOG, would stilt a farmer; 1 breed, mastiff and St Bernard.-38, GEORGE-BTBEEI. Birkenhead.

A LL buffeters trout tape-worms quickly relieved, partieu- 11. lars tree.—AddresS HinsoN, Box 278, North-street, Nottingham.

"1 DROSELEY PIPES." one box of 12 assorted, Best, sent ...) post free on reeelp, of PO. for Is 9d.—T LEGGE, Duke-street, Broseley, Wog),

A BTHMA..—KADI is a powerful, harmless, and unfailing ri Eastern remedy.—Dr. DASTOOR'S tiPECUIC CO., LTD., 8. John-street, Adelphi. London, W.O.

A ILI6TOTLE'B GLOAT WORICS,-447 pages, 2s, 465 pages 21 2s 61; coloured plates.—From 24 HAINES, 60 Dept., Prospect Terrace, South Tottenham, N.

fINEY PAMHOT, red tail 30a; talking warranty given; ‘,..T month $ trial, my risk ; real bargain ; full particulars. --NESTAIIRkrur Torrisholme, Morecambe. Name paper.

SIIND your LUS.I-UPF CLOTHING to W. MORELS, 13, Stockport-road. Ardwick.fdanahrater. Best Price given. Money sent on receipt of Parcel. Estabdalsed 10 years.

(Pt its,

INVESTDIRCTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, sTocac wisp SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANE.AAOII-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Raab!!abed 1875. Telephone 6613.

OW Voultry, Ser.

Indian Game EGOS from prize winners; Abbott's -L and Fraue it -sin, 2s 6d per dozen. WILLIaid YATES. Milord near Ormskirk, Lancashire.

1/orsto, (garnageo. ozr.

BDROWN Matching GRLDING, by Flreaway, 5 years, 15.3: bone. style, quality, action. —TaomAn °KELL. Farn- 'worth, Bolton.

ON SALE, DAkK CEESTNUT COB; 7 years old; 14-2; a grand model • sound and steady in harness.—Apply JOIINJOHNEWN, Alty-lane Dairy. Biekeret.lle, near Ormekirk.

BEER.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVE A LIFE

AND SEND Is. P.O.

ANTI-ARSENICAL PILLS,

CAWLMA co.,

SHEFFIELD.

DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE.

_ There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectnal. One Lozenge alone gives retie; can be taken by the most delicate. KEATING'S COUGH' LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S covaH LOZENGES. If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED, UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. bold everywhere in tins 131 d, each or free on reoeipt 'Lamps, irons THMLI.3 RIMING, Chemist, London

I

()Nee more the main The Situation in. South Africa, inte,est in the war i 3 trans- ferred from the military te the political sphere, Although the campaign drags its slew length along, this has become the day of small things in matters military. Successes of a petty sort continue to attend the British operations in various parts of South Africa; but, though the result is- to add to the tale of losses of brave lives on both sides, nothing decisive seems to be effected by these small achievements. It is only to the gradual exhaustion of the Boers, apparently, that we must look for the end which appears yet a great way off. Meantime, the announcement that Sir ALERED MILNER is Doming home for a brief holiday fias led to a variety ei speculations as to, the "true inwardness" of this movement. It is said in some quarters that the pretext of a holiday is only put forward to cover the retirement of the High Commissioner, and that he is not likely to return to South Africa. It may be that this suggestioa is only made bY those to whom the wish is father to thc thought. Doubtless Sir ALFRED needs a holiday. The events of the past two years, in which he has played a leading party must have been even painfuly trying to him. Ile is as much disliked and denounced by one party f° the Cape, and by those who support it in this country, as he is admired and belauded by another; and the fact that he has not given entire satisfac• tion to either party may be put down to well-in' tentioned, but not wholly successful, efforts t° steer an even course between them. It may net be Sir Altred's fault that he is not persona grata to the Afrikanders and their friends. He has ln^d a policy to carry out which was naturally distastP- ful to them, and, as usual in such cases, the aver sion which a distasteful policy occasions to its opponents has concentrated itself upon the, certainly devotedyand possibly innocent,head of its instrument. Eeen Sir ALFRED MILNER'S strongest critics credit him with honesty, sincerity, patriot' ism, and the desire to do his duty according to his lights. To a change in the South African High Consmissionership just now there may be urged ell' the objections covered by the warning against swapping horses while crossing a stream. At the same time, if the appointment of a ins° less committed to a policy which has not so f"t proved successful in securing the submission of ths Boor leaders still in the field, should smooth Os way to an early and honourable peace, and facili" tate a satisfactory settlement, then a course whie/3 otherwise would be of questionable expedieriel may be abundantly warranted. At present, Wl' ever, the nation knows nothing definite as to S'il AirRED MILNER'S movements and the Goverll't ment's intentions. The one and the other. eri' shrouded in the mystery which has enveloped many unaccountable moves in a dark chapter ,5 our history. The publication of Lord Roßlos9 later despatch relating to the war serves to phasise once more how great were the transP°o difficulties that had to be overcome. We learn that our arms wore very near to another did aster in the early part of last year. Had IArD Rongurs not entirely reorganised the transeto service," at least another month must have elePj before an advance eould have been made, and big this period Kimberley must almost inevitsver have fallen into the enemy's hands." Shall W° ewe know all the perils which our legions and pill have se barely escaped?

_

la il II

1

L.

1

I

ined. in in lgour no of tints and

:I VS IRFS rBRIC.

M 4tM_:

It has fallen to the lot of ' A Novel Mansion the LORD MAYOR of Lon- House Appeal. don to make many and various appeals on behalf of deserving chant- able and benevqlent objects. As a rule such appeals meet with a generous response. Not a few of them are made to the nation at large, for the LORD Mevon,in addition to his other civic and social functions, has come to be regarded as a sort of national almoner. To shew how handsomely

the country esponds to appeals which touch its heart, he has just reminded it that the combined. funds in aid of the sufferers by the Transvaal war nod the Indi,,n famine have reached over £a.500,000. Probably even that amount would have been exceeded did the public place entire confidence in the wise administration and distri- bution of these funds. Lord Mayor GREEN has Just made an appal somewhat out of the common. It is on behalf ,of the Mansion House Couneilion thelDwellings of the Poor, an organisation which essays, if not to solve the great housing pro- blem, at all events to assist in its solution. This council was formed eighteen years ago, nod its object, in one expressive word, is— 'Slumming." L idies and gentlemen who are Members make house-to-house visitations in poor neighbourhoods and bring to light cases of over- crowding and insanitation. Not only are these brought to the notice of public authorities, but dyke and assistance are given to the inmates of %limit habitations as to the purification and improve- 'mint of their dwellings. Six public inquiries by the Local Government Board and three by the London County Council have been held on the rePresentation of CPIs Mansion House Council and other good work has been done. But it cannot live entirely without funds, and it has now alhausted a legacy of £5,000 from the Berridge Trust, made to it in 1892. Hence an appeal is kade to Londoners to assist this important voluti- ,tary work towards the redemption of their city 'mom its slums. It has been well remarked that no single measure will entirely solve the wide and complicated problem of the housing of the poor.l batever the Legislature may do, whatever powers local authorities may have conferred upon them, there will always be much to be done atnong the slum dwellers themselves, on whom largely rests the sanitary condition of their dwell- ings. With the most approved legislation, there will be need here for the operations of educational and moral agencies. The subject, too, is mixed 11p.with the drink question, for there is abundant evidence that the demoralisation caused by the drinking habits of the poorer classes is both a cause and an effect of overcrowding and insanitary conditions. In the campaign against the "three 133 " of our slums—" dirt, drunkenness and disease "—there is, therefore, a wide field for vol- untary efforts like that of the Mansion House Council on the Dwellings of the poor. In sup- Porting the novel appeal Of the Lon]) MAYOR for hinds to help this Council, we would also corn- end similar agencies elsewhere, and it would be Well if councils on the model of that of the London Ransion H ,use- could be established in many towns and vi 'ages where they do not already

ss Our reference to Sunday concerts last week was L'ot illtimed apparently, for the same week a pro- C..4t by the ministers of religion on the subject had addressed to the Watch Committee, pointing the illegality of Sunday concerts for which khey payment is taken from the audience. In same connection the Free Church Council has, aeelns, been stirring up the Parr Hall uonunittee with regard to concerts in Parr Hall On the Sabbath. We are not told what was the result of the memorandum laid before the Watch Committee, and we cannot, therefore, do more than hope that they will consider the matter seri- ously, as the importance of it demands. The Parr flall Committee has, however, passed resolutions to the effect that the building be not opened for an evening concert on Sunday before 8-15 and that :LIP' %urge be made for admission." This is con- Lei by the mqmorialists " a distinct step in the irection of compliance with the law," but .I°,e have our doubts. It is satisfactory to learn ‘nat the concerts cannot commence at an hour w.‘h,ieh would interfere with Church worship, but t' Ila odd that the Committee should resolve that "no charge be made for admission." Anything of the sort has been illegal ever since the passing of the Lord's Day Act, but means have always been found by which the law may be evaded and the 1110fley obtained. "Admission by programme "is °he of the methods,but it is questionable whether this is not a breach of the law rather than an evasion. Is the Parr Hall Committee going to enforce its regulation and prevent sacred concerts '3eing organised solely as sources of profit? That is the question at issue.

The members of the Warrington Board of guardians were in a complimentary mood lit the last meeting of the old Board and occasion was taken to proclaim the virtues and abilities of the expiring body. The proceedings flavoured very much of a mutual admiration tiociety, in which everybody seemed disposed to congratulate everybody else upon their brilliant lichlevernents:-with the aid of the ratepayers' .17rney. The chairman had even to confess to a g desire to hide his diminished head whilst the member a were speaking of him in glowing , ‘ornas of eulogy. Having adequately thanked the "hairtnan for his distinguished services, the lc'rnpli inept was extended to the senior ,"oe-chairman (Dr Patterson) and the junior "es-chairrrt an in the person of Mr. William Zlcknaan. But as these gentlemen's services had ,7olzl more of an ornamental than of a useful char- ter, the praise was not quite so pronounced as in I,l°o case of the Chairman whose regular discharge of :11l duties has not given the vice-chairmen a fair 7tilance of showing their abilities in the chair. ( tttention was next called to the services of the ,vacilea' Committee and the thanks of the Board ,ere returned to the members of that Committee. there was a time in the history of the Board when cite assistance of the fair sex in the administration the poor laws was not viewed with a ,It'lendt,,7 eye, but those days are happily Ll'lt) o.nd the Guardians are now so coin- -11/I`4icant as to acknowledge their indebted- to the ladies. Some of the Guardians conscious of the fact that the meeting was last they would attend in their official Paeity, and they were not allowed to depart 'with° eon ut a fitting expression of feeling from their teagues. Mrs. Edelsten made a short speech in e qPI Y. She regretted that the number ot lady uardians was to be reduced by on-, and very the pernicious took occasion to warn the Guardians of pernicious practice—and one which has been Zeinrt2lent of late—of excluding the reporters atters of importance uffecting the Board liv • ert "ing discussed.

The moat interesting feature of the meeting was ze ~.,813I'ved until the last when presentations were retist? Mr. William Owen and Mr. William th in eonnPotion with the completion of bk *low infirmary. The Guardians take a particn- tilt Pride in this new adjunct to the institutions of tho 'Union and Mr. Houghton even considered it th:c.„?.m.ipletion of what he called the reform era of tc u U. We hope this is not so, and trust that the orm ligiteti?nardians will continue their career in the 'lf ref for there is inUch to be done ere W • ' ;re, arrlngton Union can be considered a pro- leEr Ive one et the first class. In erecting a new tichrtnarY, the Guardians have taken a step in the direction. It has proved an expensive one,

===== 0002601_19010419_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
I

THE EXAMINER, URIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901

but if greater efficiency in poor law administration ! line With the Marconi apparatus for wireless tele- is obtained, the expense may prove to be justifi- graphy. No doubt the r.:,sponsible advisers or able and perhaps econcmical in the end. authorities of the great steamship company have Mr. Owen's experience as architect to the new long had the innovation under consideration, but : the experience of the system on the Ophir has pre- Infirmary has been of the happiest description for I umably accelerated tieir arrival at each decision. not only has he had a good client in the Board of , The wireless sys.mos working from the Ophir, how- Guardians, but the gift he received on NVednesday ever,has not always yielded the most perlect resulr,s, is a tangible token Co him that his services have although they have been suffi dandy good even in given satisfaction. thick weatner to encourage perseverance towards further development in vessels making the trans- Atlantic voyage. It woul I be erroneous to conclude that the system is already incapable of improve- ments, or that the limit of its utility had been reached. Wireless telegraphy has not passed much beyond its elementary stage, an I though it may be extremely doubtful whether by its agmcy it will ever be possible to project satisfactory messages from England to America, and vice versa, short distance accuracy has already been a-sured. So that at least means may be devised for keeping passengers on b iard the great ships an courant with the more important matters of the two continents during the voyage, and when one Cunarder meets another on their way either from Liverpool or from Sandy Hook there should be some interchange of telegrams such as would furnish material for the publication on board of a small newspaper. Advertisements might, or might not be scarce, tur, by its circulaion or in other ways. it would probably be made to "pay." Here would be represented the every-day life, with new-paper luxuries, of an up-to- late , hotel, and the Marconi system making itself use- 'al in quite a variety of ways.

Mr. Stead speaks very plainly in this month's "Review of Reviews," and his opinions on many' topics make interesting reading. We are inclined to agree with him when he calls Mr. Chamberlain a " marplot " and lays the entire blame for the failure of the peace negotiations at his door. "Joe's" interference has been costly, and is likely to be increasingly so, for the Boers show no signs of becoming submissive to British rule of their own accord. Kitchener's concessions, which were digni- fied and statesmanlike, were ruthlessly struck out and blnntly called " inconceivably mischievous " by Britain's irrepresSihle God of War, who seems determined not to ha u peace at ally price. Thus far Mr Stead's views and our own entirely agree, bat when he goes on to speak of the war itself then we feel the necessity for dis.lssociating ourselves from his remarks. Somehow Mr Stead's connec- tion with the conciliation Committee and the S:op the War Committee, seems to have biassed his intellect to an incredible degree, and rendered it quite impossible for him to view the progress of the SOuth African Campaign with the calmness and dispassionateness which, as a journalist, he should possess pre-eminently. Even in a casual reference Mr. Stead's bitterness is apparent. For instance, "General French has been doing sheep- stealing on a large scale, and the war against women and children goes merrily on." Such senti- ments do their author no credit, but tempt even those who have been his admirers to stigmatise him unpatriotic and "Pro-Boer."

Provincial Volunteer officers and men alike must have been somewhat disappointed by the last War Office order relating to encampments, which had been awaited with no little anxiety. In paragraph 5, class 1, the allowance for officers is set down at 8s per day, while 2s 61 will be allowed for members of other ranks. The officers' allowance of eight shillings will by no means cover his expenses It is supposed, therefore that he will have to do as so many Volunteer officers have done before,namely, put his hand into his pocket and pay the difference. It may be early yet to enter into mintr,e calcula- tions, and we shall certainly know more when the experiment has been male and officirs and men have their version ot the story to offer. But it is quite certain that commanding officers will not con- Moue to take their battalions into camp at a pecuni- ary loes to themselves,in addition to having to pay a considerable item t)wards their own personal expenses. litoreover,the experience of the men who have had previous knlwledge of camp-life is that half-a-crown will not nearly suffice, and, besides this, no arrangement appears to have been made / for paying the men while in camp. The camps can scarcely prove attractive or successful unless the man are paid so that their domestic affairs may be kept in order daring their temporary abs ice. Volunteers will readily comply with the more stringent regulations that have been ordered in regard to camp duties; but they cannot be expected to show the same degree of readiness to attend the encampment for eight, tea, or fourteen days with- out some assurance that in the meantime the wives and little ones are not likely to auffr for want of anything. It is alsJ certain that no monetary assist- ance can be forwarded to the latter out of the thirty pence per day allowed for maintenance while in camp.

The bitter cry of the professional musician is heard again and louder than ever. The musical season has been a bad one, and for all that can be seen worse still may remain ahead. The instrumen- talist laments his loss of occupation, but his case is not so bad as that of the vocalist, for many of whose class there is no remunerative employment to be obtained. In particular, engagements at private houses are said to have become a diminish- ing quantity—in fact, almost to have disappeared. Possibly the improved training which can now be obtained by the few, at however low an ebb musical instruction for the general mass of the people may have fallen, is to some extent responsible for putting the mitor professional in diminished request. It would appear, how- ever, that a more considerable factor in depressing the musical market is the extent to which the system of free performances has grown. The hostess nowadays, It is complained, instead of holding a musical gathering pure ar,d simple, in very many cases invites her friends to a benefit on behalf of the funds of some war charity,sorne local hospital, or SOMA other deserving object,and thinks herself, in consequence, entitled to request the services of a few accomplished singers, though of minor reputation, on behalf of this good cause. With their ever ready sympathy the musicians fall into the trap, hoping,perhaps, that paying engage- ments may result, and get as reward a number of invitations to assist gratis in similar functions elsewhere. It is a hard case indeed, if there is no exaggeration in the complaint, especially as musicians are in the very nature of things pre- cluded from effective combination of a Trade- Union character.

A million a year on football ! That is the amount which Ragland has been spending on this form of pastime. In the current number of "Blackwool " there is so article on the " Football Nations,"which app-are to be intended to show that England is no longer the monopolist of what has hitherto been recogn6ei as one of our national games. Parisians have for some years coquetted with the Rugby sport but only in ii haV-heerted way, and they have yet to realize its fascination uncl.r the Association code, ' when played by first-class teams. It is re- gretted that the teams which have until now crossed the Channel from this country , , have generally been of a third or fourth-rate quality. The success of the game la Germany is considered largely due to the encouragement given by the Emperor. No German played football twenty years since, but now, says the writer in I question, there are some fifteen thousand regular players in the Fatherland. The still young Emperor is credited also wiih encmraging other forms of English sport, such as rowing, and love-and-bye we shall have international chellengeri of quite a differ- ent character from those to which we nave already been accustomed. Per laps the sooner the better, the reader may say.

--- A question of precedence is troubling Birming- ham—whether in procession the City magistrates should walk before the City Councillors, or the City Councillors should walk before. The point arose in connection with a memorial service for the late Queen Victoria, and has been troubling the authorities ever since. On that occasion the Lord Mayor, of course, headed the line; but the Town Clerk placed the City Councillors next him, and the administrators of law and order had third positim. Inquiries have since been made, and it has since been ascertained that the same custom of arrangement prevails at Liverpool, Bristol and Bradtord ; while on the other hand,. Glasgow, Manchester, Nottingham, Leicester, Leeds and York give precedence to the magistrates. The apologists for the Councillors ask whether the Lord Mayor heads a procession as Lord Mayor or as Chief Magistrate of the City, and they claim that the obvious answer resolves the point. It must be plain, however, that the magistracy is the higher dignity because it is per- manent, and it touches the liberty of the subject. It may be said that a Council, by their regulations, control the magistrates individually in many of their affairs; but these regulations would be use- less unless magistrates were prepated to enforce them. The magistrates, when there is any ad- ministration to be done, form the higher authority. As a rule, too, they are older men, and it is pleasant to see respect given to age. The matter is of very little consequence, except that so long as the law is administered to any extent by justices of the peace, it is well they should be given respect, for then, if warnings have weight, they will not need to make their sentencss quite so heavy. The time will come, however, when stipendiaries will do all the work.

As bearing upon the hold which the most popular games exercise on some even of our highly placed fellow-countrymen, one is reminded that Lord Alverstone has became a convert to the benefits of golf, and is said to play just now almost daily at Colwyn Bay. Mr A Balfour has described golf as "one of the greatest solaces of life," while the Lord Chief Justice has already expressed the opinion that goifing is the most "reposeful " recreation possible for a busy man. Mr Balfour had the assurance once to say, at Chiselhur.t, that he watched with satisfaction the gradual " Scotifica- tion "of England by the great golfing propaganda The cult of the flying ball certainly appears to have taken deep root among us. For a long time it made but little, if any progress, but this cannot truth- fully be said of it now-a-day.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT. A Provincial Letter.

Next to the Census, the official returns calculated to produce the most interest in the public mind are those of the Registrar-General relating to birth, marriages, and d-aths in England and Wales, pub- lished this week although bearing only upon the year 1899 It had been feared in some quarters that the marriage-rate was declining, but us a matter of fact marria .e prospects are brighter than they have , been for some years Marriages registered during I the year numbered 262,134. corresponding to a rate of 16.5 persons married per thousand of the popula- tion, and this is ths highest rate recorded since' 1876 The increase, moreover, has been general throughout the country,a fact which throws a side- light upon our commercial and industrial pros- perity. The counties showing the greatest number of illiterates are Cornwall, Somerset, Shropshire,and Suffolk. But there are darker spots still, namely Monmouth, and both North and South \Vales. It seems almost incredible that at the close of the nineteenth century so many people should have entered the ma i tinge state by affixing" crosses "to the register as the returns show. The death-rate remains practically unchanged, at 183 per thou- sand. But infant mortality continues to mount up, being twelve per cent higher than in he previous ten year,. This is, perhaps, not surprising, seeing that at inquest after inquest some of the most amazing revelations are made as to the way in which bahies are sametime., fe t,and that time after time coroners actually find it necessary to inform the mother how she ought to have treated her own infant In the manufacturing distric s,of course,the labour question comes in, and has yet to be dealt with by the Legislature. But this is not all, since, if certain of these cases cannot be brought under the existing criminal law, hat law will have to be amended so as to admit and allow them to be pro- perly dealt with,

Reference has been made to our " commercial and industrial prosperity." When the Associated Chambers of Commerce were assembled a menth since, business men were told on the staistical authority of Mr. Holt Schooling that our trade for many years had been declining; and this week the same authority comes forward with a damaging assault upon the co 13forting doctrine long cherished in many circles that " trade follows the flag,' in a paper in which he examines the condition and ten- dencies of our export trade, It is news, of course, to most of us. The year 1900 may have been better than 1899 and 1896 than 1895 but taking trade in quinquennial periods Mr Schooling finds there has been a steady and continuous decrease in our exports during the past fifteen years, and that the fall extends to all our leading articles of export except coal. it is especially marked in woollen and worsted manufactures, cottm goods, iron and steel, linen and leather products, and as the popula- tion has in the meantime g ne on increasing, the relative is really greater than the actual decline.

The Cunard Company are to be congratulated on the determination to fit up all the eteamere of their

===== 0002601_19010419_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. [BY A. CORRESPONDRNT.]

To the sensible, it le s—elf-e—vident that the object of Coroner's inquests is to arrive FA the cause which brings about death with an ultinlate view of doing something by way of recommendation—especially in the base of accidents—that may remedy the causes of disaster. Such, however, does not appear to be the view taken by Runcorn juries, else, we would long ago have had something done to lessen the casualty list which is provided by the "dangers of the Canal." A lamentable case comes before us this week, from which we learn that a fireman un- doubtedly the worse for liquor ventures down to the docks and eventually finds a wa'ery grave in the Weston Canal. Surely it should be the object of the jury to find out whether the" accident" is caused by culpable neglect on the part of the unfortunate deceased or of the Ship Canal Comoany in not pro- viding sufficient light; ancl,being satisfied on either point I feel sure any strong recommendation made by a Runcorn jury would be immediately met.

Personally I incline to the belief that if a Canal Constable was put on the watch, say one hour after sunset, near the approaches to the docks, and empowered to prevent any drunken sailors from going to their boats by this dangerous route, much would be done to prevent a recurrence of these of ten repeated calamities. Of my own knowledge, lam aware that the local members of the Cheshire Con- stabulary do a very large and us-ful work in this direction, but the nature of the Canal footpaths being private prevents them from doing it with the Perfectness the extreme largeneFs of the casualty list demands I shall be pleased to ventilate any suggestions that may lead to bringing about a diminution in their number.

The annual meeting of the Runcorn Urban Dis- trict Council, unanimously elected Mr R H Posnett, of "The Mount." Runcorn. to its chairmanship; and Mr W Handley (the retiring chairman) according to precedent, wa3 unanimously elected vice-chairman. Mr Posnett's election was, indeed, a surprise, as it was generally believed that Mr J Pritchard ( who has long deserved the office) would this year have been prevailed upon to stand. Mr Pritchard what- ever he may think of the matter, ought to be made Chairman, as no one holds a better claim to the rights of the "190 g and honourable succession" than he. However, I will say no more, but deal with Mr Posnett. That he is young, able, and will- ing to work for the benefit of the town is uncon- trovertible. These three qualities go far in these days of" high-pressure," and we shall expect much. His elevation has been very rapid,and follows hardly more than eighteen months experience as a coun- illor. He himself lays no pretentious to a title to the honour.and I find difficulty in tracing his public career to come across anything which should cause the Council to elect him as their chairman, save that he is straightforward, and well-grounded in sound principles He has, however, yet to win his "spurs" in the public service, and it would appear as if the Council have honoured him for what he is I about to do rather than for what be has done.

I congratulate him, heartily upon gaining such a nistinction in so sbort a period, and I congratulate the town, and the broad-minded councillors who so liberally recognise merit, whether in a native or in one who has made the town that of his adoption. On Mr Pas/WV* own showing his career, during the last 13 years. smatters somewhat of "Dick Whittington';of:old, botil sincerely hope his future

===== 0002601_19010419_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
weer may eclipse even that of the legend. In Nit, Posnett the town has secured a god ousineis man, I and one who will uphold the office with dignity and thoroughness,

Judge Bowen Rowlands,is truly going to be popu- lar, for he shows a " fellow-feeling " whenever he gets an oppormnity,and it is well established "That one t inch of nature makes the whole world kin." At the Runcorn C.)unty Court, on Tuesday, an agent applied to his Honour for a committal order against an agricultural labourer, and stated the man had ten children and earned las a week.— 'Ten chiLdren " exclaimed his Honour, "and 16i a week. I cannot do it. I have ten children myself, and I have great sympathy with a man with ten children." (Laughter). The agent was about to proceed, but his Honour intimated he would not make the order, but would allow the summons to be withdrawn to save the costs.—This was done.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONARY SOCIETY, RUNCORN.

The half-yearly Meeting in connection with the local branch of this society was held in the Bruns- wick Schools on 'unday aftemion. Mr Greenhalgh presided and there was a good attendance of scholars and friends. Mr. John Birkett, one of the school secretaries, reported thm the financial result for the half-year was extremely satisfactory, show- ing as it did an increase of £1 Is 9ii. as compared with the corresponding half-year. The total amount collected in Brunswick t.chool up to that date was .C4l 17s 21. The Ray J. B. Faster subsequently gave an interesting accou,.l- o!' speriences as ' missionary in the West iniie, illustrating his re- marks by a number of curios. A letter was read from Mr. ThOMYS Leach, jun., expressing his regret at being unable to attend the meeting,but speaking in \high terms of the efforts of the Juvenile !Mission- ary Society. The meeting terminated with the usual vote of thanks.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
A FAINIILY'S SAD PLIGUT AT P,UNC3aN.

Messrs J Pritchard anu B unison, whilst sitting at the Runcorn Police Court on Thursday morning had a very sA 1 story told them by a married couple, named Charles Richard and Sarah Jana Williams, ' who were brought betore them to answer to a charge of neglect and cruelty to their two children aged respectively 3 years, and 18 months —Con- stables Bowyer and Wilding illustrated how they found the defendants about 2 o'clock that very morning , huddled up with their children in the " forecastle" of an old narrow boat, at the bottom of the Vine Yard. Runclrn. They were ' trying to sleep on the floor of the boat, without bedding or covering. The children were wretchedly clad,and were shivering with cold. The smell from them was also very objectionable, and they were very vermiaous.—Prisoners elected to be summarily dealt with, and gave an outline of their destitution which both &lege(' was caused by no fault of their own. They had inten led seeing the relieving officer the previous day, but when they found the shelter of the boat, they thought it would do the next day It was now their intention to take the children to the Workhouse until they could find a place for them.—The Magistrates Clerk : That will be a very nice arrangement from your point of view.—The Magistrates eventually decided to bind prisoners over in 40; recognisance to come up for judgment when called upon, and discharged them on the understanding they went to the Workhouse and took the children with them.

A GIRL'S FONDNESS FOR CIGARS AND THE SEQUEL Clara Shuman, a young woman, who seemed to feel her position keenly, was charged at Widnes on Monday, with stealing on Sunday 17 cigars and 19 cigarettes value 3s 7d, the property of Robert East- wood ant others from the Widnes Conservative Club.—Joseph Parkinson, manager of the club, said that the girl was employed to clean the place twice a week as charwoman lie had previously missed things and as his suspicions were aroused he spoke to her about it, asking her whether she knsw any- thing of any cigars in the bar. Prisoner replied she did not know and began to cry. She had a small parcel in a rough apron which held a few crusts of bread that. she waS taking home for the dog. As she had nothing in that he asked her whether she had anything in her pocket. She eventually admitted that she had three cigars in her pocket and then fainted away. When she came round she polled five cigars out instead of three. Witness said "You have some more I think," and then prisoner pulled out 17 cigars, afterwards producing more at the station.—P.O. Worsfold said that at 445 on Sunday evening he was called to the Conqerva•ive Club by thelprevious witness,who informed him of the theft. Prisoner admitted St sating them. NI hen asked had she any more she replied 'none whatever." Witness told her she would have to go to the station to be _search.) I by female searchers. When at the station she pulled out of her breast some more cigarettes and said "I stoll ?.hem end will pay' for them." As it vvss pri,oner's fir•t off ince she was bound over in he sum of £5 to come up for judgment if called upon.

ALLEGED THEFT OF MONEY AT WIDNES. At the Wi !nes Police Court, on Monday, before the Mayor (AldermatrO. I. Neil), Peter Andrews, a Pole, 17, Water street, was charged with stealing from the person of John Dragennas £3 on the night of. the 7th inst.—Joseph Samoli. Polish interpreter. said that, from instructions received he charged the prison Ai. Andrews with stealing from the prosecutor. John Dragennes,about H pm. on Sunday, £3 in gold. In answer to the charge prisoner said " I did not steal it ; he gave M 9 the money and I gave it him Dracennas said he was a labourer,liv- lng in 50, Welling on-St On the Saturday night he was at It, Water-street. When he got there he sat by. the bed. There were others in the house. The prisoner came and sat next to him. Alter being there some time prkoner asked him for the loan of a shilling. Ile gs,v, him the money. Shortly after- wards the prisoner put his arms round his neck. He also showed prisoner how much money he had in the parse. here was .£4 in it. The prisoner handled the purse. As soon as the prisoner heard the woman Bowman caution witness to look after his money the prisoner ran away. Ile examined his purse and found that £3 had gone. The people in the house were told what he had missed. Ile then went to look for the prisoner. Permission had never been given to the prisoner to take the money, In- formation was given to the police. Witness was quite sure that prisoner had taken the money. Wit- ness had had some drink, but he knew what was going on.—Other Poliedi witnesses corroborated , with respect to the theft, and prisoner was com- mitted to the Sessions for trial.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

AN ADVANCE IN WAGES. We learn that the painters of Runcorn latiily approached ths Masters with a demand for an incr.ase of ld pet hour, and have been mat with a eonce,sion of ti I per hour, which they decided to accept. A strike or anything approaching such a Calamity, is thus prevented. POST OFFICR NOTICE. Ths town sub-offices at Delph Bridge, High- street, Highland-road, and Lord-street will be closed at 1.0 p.m. on We Inesdays on and after the 17th instant The letter box csllectiona will be made as usual.

SWEARING IN OF THE MAGISTRATES AT RUNCORN. Prior to the •ommencernent of the ordinary busi- ness of the Court et the Pe'ty Sessions, on Monday the following gentlemen took the oath of allegiance and of office as Justices of the Feace under King Edward Stn.—Henry Reynolds, G L Davies, F J Norman, W Timmins, J Oakleston, E I mison and J Pritchard. Esquires. Sir Richard Brooke presided, and the oath was administered by Mr F Johnson, magistrates' clerk. WEDDING AT BETHESDA On Wednesday a number of tne inhabitants of the town witnessed the marriage of Mr Thomas Hugh Owen, estate agent, of Liverpool, eon of Mr Edward Owen secretary of pubiic company, Walton, Liver, pool, and Miss Margaret Annie Heathering'on- daughter of Mr William Heatherington, superinten. dent of boat-loading, 10 Brackley-street, Runcorn The ceremony was performed by the Rev Joseph Osborne, M.A • awl the bide who looked very pretty was given away by her father. Mess Edith Rogers was the bridesmaid, and Mr Edward L , Owen, brother ot the bridegroom discharged the I duties of best man. The service was choral, and Mr Clifford Le C buts= (hrether-in-lsw te the bride; presided at the organ, Miss Heatherington is very popular in the town and one of the leading singers In Halton Road Chapel and her many friends wish her every happiness. A MANCHESTER MAN DROWNED AT RUNCORN, Mr. R Dobson, coroner, presided over an inquiry, at the Buocorn Police Court, on 31 May afternoon, touching the death of Martin Quinlan, a fireman of the s.s. Duke of Leinater, at present lying in the Manchester Ship Canal, off Runcorn.—Jane abeth Bovenizer, 34, Ross-street, Salford, identified the body as that of her step-father, who was about 40 years of age. She last saw him alive at Manches- ter station on Tuesday, when he was leaving for Runcorn.—James Archbold,23,North Willan-street, Dublin, a sailor on board the same vessel, stated he was going dowia to the ship from the town of Run- corn, and overtook the deceased who had evidently had a little drink' They walked together for about came near the slates on the quay-tide, however, he 40 yards, witness being near the water. When they went a little in advance, and immediately beard a splash in the water, deceased having fallen into the Weston Canal, It Was very dark, but he leaned over the side and shouted to the deceased, but got no reply. He could swim but could not see the deceased. He had had a little drink himself, but was able to take care of hishself and was net drunk, Deceased was not drunk, but had had drink.—Jainis Creak deposed to reeovering the bo IY about twenty 3e—Acting-Serge int minutes past two oo th 9 Sunda Gregory said he examined the body. There were no marks of violence thereon, and only 1861 in money, a pipe and tobacco and a receipt for a regis- tered letter, which bad ben the means of ilentiFy- ing him.—The portion of the canal, in which the deceased was drowned, was near the gangway where the slack is generally discharged into the pumping station, and the neareet lifebuoy would be nhout 300 yards off.—A verdict of :" Accidentally drowned" was returned. SERIOUS WOUNDING CASE AT WIDNES. Before the Mayor and Mr B Brovrn, on Mondey morning, John Phillips, 11, Virater-street, was charged with wounding Frank Mitchell, 19, Water-4treet. at 12.30 am, on Sunday, in the parluur of 11. Water-street.—Superinteadsnt Keighley said that the frant room of the holl4a was rented to a the prosecutor went to see the women and stayed woman named Bowman. On the date in question, with her some time in the room Without any provocation the prisoner went to prosecutor and struck him a violent blow in the face with a ham- mer, it was alleged, causing severe injuries.—Dr C E.'utchinson stated that on Sunday morning the prosecutor. Frank Mitchell, came to his surgery. He examined and found a wound on the lip the shape of the letter L. It was about an inch long and cut through two-thirds of the lip. The wound was such that must have been produced by some- thing blunt —a blow from an hammer could have prod ueed it. In the witness's opinion a blow from the pipe could not have doue it. Under the wound were two teeth out. The wounds were stitched and dressed and the man was doing well. There must have been a good deal of force used,—Sergeant Rat- cliffe said he apprehended prisoner at his lodgings at 830 a m, on Sunday, 7th April. He was in bed , upstairs. Witness sent for the prosecutor to identify him When charged, prisoner said " No No No hammer," picking up a pips from the side of the bed be also said " pipe."—Prisoner was committed to the Liverpool Assizes which will be held in June.

ANNUIL INSPECTION OF POLICE AT RuNconN. ( The annual inspection of the Runcorn Division .of the Cheshire Constabulary, was made on Wednes- day morning by Sir Herbert Croft. There were on parade Superintendent D Pearson, Insptctor Hicks, four sergeants, and 2,3 constables. Chief Constable Colonel Hammersley was also present, and put the men through a number of evolutions after a pre- paratory drill conducted by Inspector Hicks. All were carried out admirably. Afterward a com- plete examination of the Police Buildings :and books was made. and everything was found highly I satisfactory.

THE VACANCY AT WEST BANK WARD,_ WIDNES.

The nominations for the vacancy at West Bank Ward, created by the death of Councillor H. A. Richards. closed on Monday at five p,m. The fol- lowing gentlemen were nominated, and if there ate no withdrawals there is every prospect of a keen contest :—John Rooert Grocott, 51, Mesey- road, Widnes, butcher; Richard Lewis. Ditton Lodge, Ditton, Widnes, clerk to flutchincn's Trustees, dock and railway owners. CAMDEN WEBLEYAN CHURCH ANNIvERSARY. Toe anniversary services in connection with Camden Wesleyan Sunday Schools, Runcorn, will be held at St. Paul's Church, Runcorn, on Sunday and Monday next. Tne services of the Rev Jli Goodman, who created such an agreeable impres- sion as a preacher some few years ago have been secured,and her will besides conducting the services preach three times. Special singing by the choir and scholars, will be ri feature of the services. Ser- vices: Sunday, 10.30 a.m., 6 p.m., Monday, 7.15 p.m. See advt. FARNWORTH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, WIDNES. The annual distribution of prizes to the success- ful scholars at the above school was performed on Friday evening by Mrs F II Gossage. The late headmaster (the IXev. F Chantler) in his report stated that in the results ot the County Council examinations they gained a splendid record. Out of 20 commercial exhibitions offered of £l5 each they gained five, while no other sobool in the county gained more than two. In conclusion be hoped the same support and sympathy which he had enjoyed would he given to Mr C R Lewis, the I new headmaster. The prizes were then distributed after which Mr Chantler was. presented by Mrs Gossage, on behalf of the scholars, with a hand- some Gladstone bag. A SAD CASE.—INQuEST AT RUNCoRN.

An inquest was held at Runcorn Police Court, on Wednesday, on the bo ly of Mrs. Elizabeth Jones whose untimely death was caused by a fall when she was in a delicate state of health.—Joseph Jones 26 Ellesnizre-street, engineer, identified the body viewed by the jury as that of his wife, Elizabeth Jones,who was 36 years of age. On Sunday morning last deceived told him she had had a bad fall on the previous Thursday, whilst passing from one room to the other upstairs. At the tine she was carrying a box. She did not complain of anything else on the Sunday, and he left about quarter to six and was away all night.—Mary Jackson, a neighbour, said she went into Mrs Jones house on Friday morning, when Mrs Jones told her she was a little sore from the effacts of the fall. Deceased was confined about a quarter to t,ix on Monday morning. Mary Sidden, 37,Nelson-street, said she was present when deceased diet—Dr Andrew McLannon, M.S., of Runcorn, said the cause of death would be due to the hemorrhage cons-queut up in the fall.—A verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was returned.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD S CREAM

CRACKERS CRISP AND CREAMY

===== 0002601_19010419_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS AT THE LIBERAL CLUB.

I There was an interesting match between 1)1r H Longmire, late. of tne Bee Hotel, Liverpool, and .14r I' Quinn, of Widnes, at the Runcorn Liberal Club, on Thursday; the conditions being 750 up (spot barred), 11r Quinn receiving 150 start. 'There wss but a small attendance, and the game resulted in a win for Mr Longmire, the final scores being. 750- 727. The biggest break of the match was 47 from Longmi!e. Afterwards Mr Longmire entertained the company with a number of trick shots Another interesting billiard match was played at . Wilson's Hotel, Runcorn on Friday, between ii Longmire (champion) of Liverpool, and Pat Q iinn (Wiunes),tbe latter receiving 100 start in a game of 700. SJnie splendid play was shown by both players. hood breaks were very frequent, Lnng- mire's best being 23, 24, 27, 28. 30 (twice),37, 38,39, and 50 (twice), while Quinn's best runs were 21, 24, 26, 30, and 52. The game endeC thus : —Long- mire, 700; Quinn, 619. PARISH CHURCH BAND OF HOPE.

The members ot the ttuucorn Parish Church Band of Hope gave an entertainment at the Seamen's In-ticute, on Thursday evening last, when tbe operetta "The picnic party," was well staged by the followieg:—Grandmottier, A Boyers; Hot, N Wilkinson ,_• Tot, J Hughes; liozet, 0 Wilson; Genie J Comes; Jusze, A Hint; Hebei, M Woodward; Florrie, F Povoy; Mamie, L fluxtable ; nnie, f. Garnett; Coachman, 8 tiodgetts; George, G Gib- son; Ned, E Wilkenson ; Sam, A Hill; Jo, W Jones; Fred, Page. School children, 3 Gibbs, M Woadward, M Briscoe, E Derbyshire, J Jones, A Tarleton, A Bennet, S Smithem, T Huxtable, C Wiikinson, and M steel. Chorus of Brownies, J Stubbs, W Wiiks, W Stubbs, C Jones, and El Lister. —The second part conlisted of character and action songs by a party of sixteen girls; and the duet " Where are you going to," by E Clare and W Stubbs. The children had been instructed in the several parts by Miss Carr; and an efficient accom- panist was found in Miss Bate. The scenery em- ployed had been painted by Mr W Banks,of Weston. The usual votes of thanks and the singing of the "National Anthem" concluded the entertainment THE RUNCORN

FOOTBALL CLUB. Retrospect of the ,Season, 1900--1901. Naturally, one is not quite so jubilant in begin- ning the task of fighting Runcorn's football bat- tles over again, as was the case when the task fell my way last season. But it has to be done, soberly, sensibly, and exhaustively, for are not you, my readers, impatient to tramp along the glorious path the club has traced even this season ; and having the signposts, as it were, set up along your route, the cords of memory net unaided by imagination will enable your mind's eye to picture those de- lightful games of which you were an admiring witness.

The League campaign opened with the Birrow fifteen at, Runcorn, and resulted in Runcorn win- nine, by 10 points to 5; certainly not e trilliant gait; and no one wondered when the following week saw last year's champions fall at Swinton, though the:largeness of the score against them caused comment enough. The remainder of Sep- tember and the ficst week of October were produc- tive of four wins, Broughton (h), St Helens (a), .Millotn (a), and Oldhein (la) these teams being van- quished by an aggregate of 28 pointe to 2 points (a goal secured by Oldham). The mach against Oldham was ale.> remarkable, in- asmuch as neithcr side scored tries ; the result being made up of 3 goals, kicked by Houghton (6 points), and the one which the Oldham captain secured. During all this thno,to the team displayed a steady form, and went about their matches with a tu•inese like manner, that spoke somewhat of the preceding season's form. October 13th saw the great tussle over at Widnes; and as Runcorn had the preceding eaturday played Oldham to a standstill, iVidnes—who by the way were showing wretched form—were considered as good as beaten. Local feeling ran high, and the loetbridge of the London and Horeb Western Rail- , way Company, had a good innings that Saturday, The game was a keen one, and resulted ha Widnes winning by 10 points to nil. The Runcorn players returned from Widnes a bit ashamed of themselves but fully determined to be 'level" on the next encounter. This event came off during the Easter holidays, but Widnes showed such improved form that Runcorn only just succeeded in getting back their own, the score being Runcorn 13 points to 3 points. Three wins followed, viz, Warrington, Stockport, and Wigan. The match with Warrington was indeed a capital one and deserves to rank high in the season's games. Both teams were, perhaps,at their bast, and although Runcorn carried off the palm with 10 points to 8 points, it might just as easily have been reversed. The following Saturday, the match of the season, came off at Salford. Runcorn being beaten just by a point —(11-10)—although they played a much superior game to their opponents. Barrow the following week, further discomfited Runcorn, and let the Senior champions know they were little better than the Second Division champions. It was an object lesson to the league, and indicated that the aspiring juniors would have to be reckoned with. December 15th to February 2nd inclusive, proved a successful period for Runcorn, and therein nine consecutive victories were registered, includ- ing : Stockport (h). Wigan (a), Warrington (a), Leigh (h), Rochdale Hornets (a), Millom (h), Leigh (a), Salford and Swinton (h). During this period Runcorn scored 18 tries, 18 goals, 90 points; against their opponents 2 goals, 3 tries, 13 points, and ex- hibited a form equal to any of their best days. In- deed those were" happy days" wherein to meet a Runcorn man, he was such a sunny, cheerful' creature. Broughton Rangers registered the next defeat, securirg a well-earned victory at BreughtOn of 7 points to 2 points. St Helens were beaten the following Saturday, and the next match which was with Oldham saw Runcorn lose their last points in the league; the home team winning by 11-3. The remaining two matches, against Widnes and Roch- dale, came off during the holidays,and only enabled Runcorn to better their average, by securing 39 pints egain4 three points. Briefly summed up Runcorn take third place in the League, with the following record : Played, 26; won 20, lost 6, drawn 0, points for, 45 goals 50 trifle 240 points; points against 14 goals, 24 tries, 100 points. As compared with last year the figures ehow the Runcorn defence to be somewhat weakened, for they won the cup with an average of 7'03, scoring 232 points against 33 points. On this point I shall have a little more to say when dis- cussing the playere.

. . The scoring in the League was accomplished as fellows by the several players:— Mark & Dropped Place T. P. Goalr. Gohle. Goals. Pta. Jolley D Jones Richardson 5 ... 0 3 0 ... 21 Ingleatield Farmer Messenger Houghton Faulkner 8 walker 4 ... 0 0 ... 0 ... 12 0 Butterworth H Jones 3 Nickson 1 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... 3 J Butterworth Lightfoot Reece Wilkinson

Runcorn beat —the following -clubs t.W-ice Helene, Millom, Warrington, Stockport, Wigan, Leigh, and Rvhdale Hornets and shared the honours with :—Swinton, Barrow, Broughton, Old- ham, and Salford. It is worthy of note that all the match4s lost were played away, and to beat Run- corn on their own ground is till a pleasure seldom enjoyed by any of their opponents in the Northern Union.

- The NI% cup tie,' opened with Wigan at Run- corn. wh,qi the horns team vvon essay by 18 points to nil. Following this came Leigh with the result of 16 points to 4 York then visited 'Runcorn with a reputation and a following, but Ms" had to retire with the large score of 21 points against them. In all these matches Runcorn's form was second to none, and the hope of winning the cup waa never so high as when the team set out for Batley. Here, nowever, Nemesis overtook them,and they returnei home beaten by 5 points to two. Batley were Cer- tainly not the best team, and I would still fancy Runcorn's ploy against their's. The scoring in the cup ties wag+ as follows : Mark and Dropped Place T. P. Go,ls. Goals. Goals. Pls. Jolley Faulkner Richardson H Jones I S Walker Butt emot th Farmer o 0 3 Langley

13 4 The tetal si..eres in the cup ties were ;—Runcorn,

9 goals, 13 trios, 57 points, to their opponents 3 goals, 1 try, 9 p Ants ; nad only on the laJt occasion at Batley (lid Runcorn ilet then' opponents CroBl. their line.

In the South West Lancashire Cup Competition Runcorn did not, succee,l in getting over toe first round, falling victims to Swinton by six psiats to five, after a keenly losgot game. The points for Runcorn were scored by Messenger (try), Farmer goal. The friendly matches up to ea's, include Birkenhead Wanderers home and home, and both resulted in easy wins for Runcorn by 15 points to three points; and ll'points to ail respect, vets% In these matches Jolley scored two tries,ancl two goals (drop and penalty) and placed two from tries; D Jones secured 3 tries and Richardson one try. Jolley'e total for the season th refore reads It tries, 15 penalty or mark goals, 9 dropped goals 17 placed goals or 113 paints. Runcorn owes its worssned position in the league undoubtedly to the deterioration in its defence; or to the improvement of the attacking forc-s opposed to its defence from time to time T .is is clearly demonstrated by the fact that Runcorn have scored for themselves 240 point-, as against 232 for the previous season. Their opponents, however, whilst compelled to be content with 33 points last year, have secured 100 exactly this seas. This is a lamentable fact, and one that should open our eyes , a great deal. We have Hous4hten still in Isplendid form and a custodian the superior of any; we have Jolley and Faulkner at half (ex- cept when they are unto- tunate en ,ush to be injured, which has been too frequent for our liking 1 this past season); but where have the three- quarters been? Jimmy Butterworth, and Warder ! have been absent more or le,s for half the season; whilst Wilkinson the finest defender and most certain "tackler' in the Runcorn combination has been conspicuous by his absence. The others: D Jones. H Jones, Richardson, C Butterworth, and occasionally Nickson have always done their duty manfully, and will all make excellent men • but it cannot be denied they fsrm not the cure defence of the "old hands," Our pack has fittingly proved its metal, and for a season of hard work the palm must be given to Walker; the Langless are also a eouple of hard-werking bro hers: F Gayter was always to be found rsady for the fray; Reece and OirugSes were, however, occasionaliy invalided, bill when on the "job" were ever in evidence. Darlington, Lightfoot. and the two young- sters Woods and Messenger cannot be for gotten, the latter having espestally distin- gnised himself as a tireless plodder. Tomlinfon Farmer and the rest can well be grouped together as having displayed nothing unusual, but rather as having lost a bit of their old form. Finally it is my opinion, that had Wilkinson figured as usual on the team, the score against Run corn would not bs quite so large, and but for the bad luck which dogged the doings of Butterworth, Warder, Jolley, Faulkner, and a few others the team woald have again secured the League cup,and even as things hatspened they hare only themselves to blame for not securing tee Northern Union Cup. "

===== 0002601_19010419_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn County Court.

TUESDA.Y.—Before Ills Honour Judge Rowlands. A FIi9D3H•M 'BORROWING TRiNSACTIOR.—A common jury was empannelle Ito hear a case in which William Youd, pro- prietor of the Bear's Paw Hotel, Froishatn, sued his br ther- in-law, John Acton cab proprietor. Nantwich. for £3l 17.7 d, being the balance of a loan of £25 and interest. -Mr Pugh (instructed by Mr J Burton) represented the plaintiff and Mr Tobin was for the defendant. The cirm. -atalaes as narrated bv Mr Pugh were that in September. 1893, the defendant was about to be married, and wanted some re wilt money le order to provides home for his intended bride. The defendant Cattle down to Pro isham and saw the plaintiff, who was well-to-do, and asked him to lend him 225 at 6 per cent The plaintiff did so and defendant gave an , 1.0 17.—The defeoce was the statute of limitations.

—Mr Tobin said as that be had repaid the Pugh sold this was the efet time he had beard that defence The plaintiff's wile had appied year after year for the re 'ayment of the loan and the defendant hal replied promising paying but no payment was made until Terperley races in 1898. when defendant gave the plaintiff £6. The pliietiff called bore out Ihe counsel's state- ment and in cro 'sees uninetion denied that in January 1891 he received from the defendant in a registered letter five £5 notes. The defendant had ten pest horses of his own and was well able to pay. Mr Tobin, in order, as he said to spare the feeling, of the ta,nily put two written questioe to the plaintiff who Men replied in writing, and the paper Isis then submittee to the jades and jury. The Judge commentel up ,n Mr. Tobin', kid thoughtf 'mess. Mrs. Youd also gave corroboritive evide roe he conducted all her huibend's correspoedenee The defendant had never repaid the loan in a registerei letter. Defendant told her • t Tar. perley in 1898 th it he hal given her hu band £3 on the cnerse. In cross-examination she said the two families had been " bickering" ever since her mother's death two years ago -Mr Tobi t, for the defence stated 'hat the def endant repaid the loan In January 1891 He placed five bank notes ler £5 each in a registered letter and sent them to the plaintiff lTnfortunately the post office did not keep receipts beyone siz years and the defendant hel des- troyed the receipts he received title letter wbich !MOM- panted the notes There had been bitter qti an-els between the two families during the past two years about tbe late Mrs Acton's the mother's, finites. He suggested that the plaintiff and his wife had recently aceidentelly found amongst their papers this old which ought t.) hive eeen destroyed in 1891. ten years ago. It was possible they had quite forgotten the payment of it and had determined to make the defendant pay the money or put him in court. But for the family quarrel nothing would luxe been heard of this loan. —The defendant called, confirmed this statement and said when he borrowed the money be never promised interest. At the time of the loan he Was stud groom to Captain Massey of Pool Hall, near Nantwioh, and he demerit, d hew be ob- tained the money In enter to ropey the money in January 1891. He gave a circumstantial account of placing the bank notes In an envelope and posting tbern. He denied hart eg paid £8 on Tarperley raceetourse in 1893. Themes liedwerds, horse trainer, said he and the defendant went to Tarporte y races In 1893 in Lady Granville Gordon's party. He never left defendant the whole day and no money was paid to Youd. Mrs Acton gave details of her money affairs and said the family quart-I arose about a very valuable chlna tea and coffee service given to her on her wedding by bee mother-In-law, but which was to stop with the old lady until her death. When Mrs Aston diee she claimed and took the service. The Judge in summing up said this ems a serious ease and it was diffioult where the truth lay betwern the pieties. The wise bristled with I raprobabilities'and contradiction, and he was glad tee verdict lay with the jury and not hirnself.—rbe jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. and His Honour gave judgment accordingly, and costs. COLLIFIS T. LONDON AND NORTH WRSTERN RAILWAY COMPANY.—Mrs Walker Collier, grocer, Rued the London and North Western Beltway Company for £5 damages t r loss sustained by the defendwits failing to provide a h Tee box as ordered. Mr H N Lleaker was tor the plaintiff end Mr Fenna represented the ckeendants.—H Aekerley coal dealer, said at ten o'clock on the morning of the 39th January he went to the railway station and saw Foreman Porter Howard ant told him he wanted a horse box for the eight o'clock train to Chester next morning, Howard said he would see that a box was there. Next morning there was no box for the train and none had arrived at 11 o'clock. Witness, there- fore, had to welk the horse to Chester, and when it arrived there It was very dirty. sweaty. and not in good eondition. The horse was worth £9 or £lO and only realised £5 Sc. The horse was soli by public auction.—JosephT laid who wt. with Ackerley when lee ordered the horse box, said Howard stated he would •• try' to get a box.—Mr Walter Collier said he gave £l5 for the horse, but it was every spirited animal, eni his man would no drive it, aril he therefore determined to get rid of it. He told Ackerley to cell it for what be could. He knew that 24 hours had to be given fore horse box -The Judge highly complimented Mr Collier upon the str lghtfor- ward manner in which he had given his evidence, but there was clearly no cot tract to provide the horse bet, and he must give a verdict for the defendants. He, howeve.. would only allow the solicitor's fee as costs.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
H A LTO N.

ANNUAL TEA PARTY AND CONCERT. —The annual con- greaational tea and entertainment,which was postponed in Fenruary, on account of the death St the late Queen, visa held on Wednesday evening in the sthoolioorn. The room was crowded to its utna-st capacity. The table's were presioed over by the ladies of the parish. capital enteptainment was afterwards given by members of the choir and vari,us friends from St. fle,coa and Warrington. Th... Vicar, in a short address, referred to the prosperous condition of affairs in cnonection with the church, and to the iecreaso,l attendanec, especially at the Loniten am•vices. Re c,rdiallp thanked all helpers in the parish work, and especially those who had under- taken the preparation ot the tea.

A BIG Altataamanotr.--We ate informed that Boots Cash Chemists have acquired from Day's Southern Drug Cotnpany Limi.ed, and Day's Aletropn.iton Di pany Limited, the entire interest in their bu.s.ness con- Mating of some 57 retail chemists' shops situated in ' London ard the South of England. It is provsed to add a number of other sops to these and to consolidate them into one ic mum-, few which purpcse Ro,ts Caen Chemists (Southern) Limited, hat been formed with a 120MinA1 CAPital of £300,000 Thia Company %int work In close connection and und erthe same management au the other businesses Bo well known as Boots Cash Chemists. There will thereeore,be now four Companies carrying on retail chemists, businesses in different parts of the country, viz, Boots Cash Chemists (Eastern) Limited, owning some 90 shops in the Eistern and Midland Counties ; Boots Coil Clic-mists (Western) Limited, owning over 50 shops in the Western p.rt of the country ; Boots Cash Chemists (Laaeasttire) Limited, owning, over 50 shops in the Lmcashire die- tricts ; and Boots Cash Chemista (Southern) Limited, which wi3 own between 60 and 70 shops in LOCUIOtI and the South of England.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DkY Take LILICatiI7O Brow." Quinine Tablets Alt Druggists re. hind the money it it tails to care. If i, The genuine is tamped L.B,Q.—Advt.

SITOEIHN RANGES. ITile Grata,. Marble and Wood agumery pleon. -J.b.OMILI.IO,SIte 55.Bridge-tit--Ilds

===== 0002601_19010419_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
A LAN DMA RK ALREADK.

The year 1901 has already become a landmark in the h:atory of tht United Kingdom, and sorrow tias Marked With unwonted universal:4 the whole of the nations of the Earth. How tradi is it, That grief and affliction are the corn non lot of a I, a d that snffering comes to all men and women alike, the rest sad the lowly, in the palace and in the cottage ; but in sickness there is the consolation tht suffering may be assuaged, strength increaaed, and h-alth—generally sneaking—restored by attention to the dictates of N,tute, and the enlistment in man's s-irvice of the bountilut goodness that abounds ill the fertility of the earth, the gifts of a beneficent pro- vidence. The mod striking instance of the gathering in of these benefits for human auffeting is found in Gwilym Evans' Maine Bitters, whth comprises a scientific compounding of the virtues Co be derived from Sarsapar- illa, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, Dandelion, Saffron, and tdoinine ; an array of health giving tonic properties not to he surpassed, ev- n in Nature's Garnery of Good- ness. This reviving, invigorating,-drengthening remedy, when other attempts to cure have failed, often brings quick relief to sufferers from weakness of bod r, and un- strung nerves, indigestion, poor blood,depressed spirits, and it inc.-r 9 •Ei the joy of life to all. It well may be termed " Nature's Great Tonic."

===== 0002601_19010419_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
BETTER BE SAFE THAN SORRY.

In the study of human affairs around us, offering the vely greatest diversity of eireumstances relating to physical troubles and sufferi-,g, there is always e temptation t say that, ' .uck or chance has much to do with such matters. On the other hand,if we see a man, hale and M anT, and well up io yearss we say "Ri wears well;' litve thinking of the. carefulnrsa, the watchfulness, and the adapting of means to an end, that such a man exercises over himself. Then. again, we may hear of some wonderful cure effected, at a time when the patient's case seernoti hopeless,how incredulou we often are at such times, ..nd if overtaken by iltness we are apt to go on in the old humdrum way, just be- cause of our unbelief,but depei,d upon it, you had better he safe than sorry, and if ) ou are suffering from general 'weakness, nervotisness, and prostration, with disioclina- • tion to work, withow, being downright ii, the safest, .the surest,and the mrst satisfactory remedy is "Gwilym Evans' " Quinine Bitters. Its wonderfol powers hive -proved marvellous in hundreds of cases. When purchas- ing be sure you find the name" Gwilym Evans "on the label, stamp, and bottle, without which none are genuine. Sold in bottle .= 2s 9d and 4s 61, or in cases of hree 4s 6d bottles for 12s 6', if all Patent Medicine Vendors and Chemists, or direct, carriage free, from the Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Lhinelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

MINOR VASES. Warrington Borough Court.

FEM./Y.—Before the Mayor On the chair) Alderman James vaireloegh, Councillors John Roberta and Smethurst, and Mr Thernton. STATiON LOAFERS IN TROUBLE.—JaMeS Leslie, AlpholllMS Cullen and Thomas Dunkin cleseribed as loiterers. were charged with trespassing on Bank Quay Station and refusing to quit wt en requested to do so, on March 25th —Railway Detective e owed,. said the defendants stood at the entrance of the bookine hall, touting *he passengers. They blocked the entre •ce and stood in a very offensive position. He ordered them away. but as soon as he went into the parcels office, th y returned —On the defendants giving an under- taking not to repeat the offmee they were discharged. WIFE BESERTInN.—Thomas Carman, 54 Priestley-street, was summoned fer deseii ing his wife Mary Carman.—Com- plainant stated that her husband came home on March 16th In a drunken coielitien ane made use of abusive language towards her. He packed up his things and said he would leave her. He left her fir a fortnight and returned last week and smashed some ef the windows of her house. She then refused to admit him.—Mrs Lester said defendant had threatened to shoot he Bench granted a separation order with Is per week alimony. SATURDAY.— Before Mr Birchell (in the chair), Councillor John Roberts, and Heirs J W Hayward and It T Faircleueh A NEGLIGENT FATHER —Bdwa-d Hughes an Iron roller e Sanisey, was summoned fur negiecting to maintain his wife and chi•dren on the 9th epril, whereby they became chargeable to the common funds of the Union.—Mr Shearer, who prosecuted said rietendanVe wife and two children were admitted to the Workhouse on if uesday last. She had seen him many times in the last, few months, and had seat for him, but he refused to cont*ibute to her and her children'e maintenance. They (the Guardians) had the ease in hard before, about four Years ago, and the couple separat d. Defendant undertook to pay his wife 8s per week and live ar art. They had lived separate'? since and he had paid her money at various time. but w.'s now £4 in arrears—Hughes said he bile been making regale- payments of 8s one week and 7s the next. lie had not, been in full work lately. It I was decided to adjourn the case for a month ta give I defendant an opportunity of paying the arrears. . A MEAN THEFT —Frederick Thomas Milier, a pedlar, of 12, Havdock-street, wa, charged with stealing from 10,1 Beedeek-street between Wednesday and Friday, a wringing machine and tub of the value of 15s the property of Thomas Saunders.—The chief Constable said that on WednesdaY evening prosecutor and his family left Haydocketreet to live in irlam-street The machine was left in the house and the doors locked. On returning on Friday the prosecutor's wife found the back door open and the machine missing. She questioned defendant about the matter, but he pretested that he knew nothing about Information was given to the police ard Sergeant Roans and P.C. Phillips initituted in- - • I:pities the result of which was that they accused defendant of telling the machine. He at first denied it but afterwards Raid Well, it is right." The police searched defenianCe houaaa and found that, the machine ad been broken up into scrap Iron. —He was fined 20s and costs with the option of a month's is prisoument. Ifloener.—neforsi Mr. Monks 'in the chair). Alderman ' Heaton Coueeiller Smethurst, andlMessrs fireball, Hay- ward. S Wright, and Thornton' BRIDGET Cemery Acatex —BrideeteCtsrley, a widow, whose address was given as Factory-yard. was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Knuteford-read on Saturday Rieht.—The Chief Constable Informed the Bench that she h iel been before the Court 17 times within a• short period. He did not think that she was altogether responaible for her actions. On thee- occasions she had been, discharged at tale (the Chief Constable's) request and sent to the Workhouse, As soon as she left that institetion she got drink, and it did not take mneh liquor to upset her. —Prisoner refused to return to the Workhouse and was fined tie and costs, or seven days' imprisonment in default. MAINTENANCE CASE.—.-JOhIN Clare was snmmoned to show cause why an order should not be merle against him to con- tribute to the maintenenee of his son, whe Is detained on the training ship Clio.—An prier was made for the payrueet of a stilling a ween. THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CIE PROI,a,IETOIL—JaMes Green, a cab driver, living at 35. Baatock-street, was charged with haying, On the 10th inst plied for hire as a hackney (ferriage driver without a licence —lnspector Taylor proved the Case. He said that whm charged with the off-nee the defendant replied : thought it was all right." The defendant's licenee was cancelled 12 months ago by the -.Vetch Commit- tee. The vehicle in question belonged to Mr Connor.—The Chief Constable observed that the defendant was flying in the face of the Wateh Committee who hid cancelled his licence. The defendant V/515 three times convicted during the year 1899 for having been drunk in charge of vehicles, and the Watch Committee at the beginning of 1900 issued him a three Months" licence, but *tearing that period he was again convicted of having been drunk in chat ge of a horse and cab, and the Watch Committee vert preperly refused to issue him another Beene*. The defendant had barn fined no fewer than eleven times for drunkenness.—The Chairman : would tine the driver and owner if I could.—The Chief Con stable : I don't thir.k the owner understands the position- -The Chairman: He understands a greet deal more than vois think. The Chiq Censtahle : That is quite true. A fine of 59 and coats weal inflicted A TECHNICAL OFFENCE. —Joseph Kilshaw, a well-known farmer liyine at Sankey, was charged with using a vehicle In LiverpooLroad, on the night of the Bth April. without having a lighted lamp as required ay the bylaws of the borough.—P.O. Lewis proved the case.—The defendant said when he left the George Hotel Sankey-street his lamp was then lighted nut it WA, Mown out by the wind when near the Bowling Green Inn, Bank Quay. He stopped his vehicle to attempt to light the lamp when the animal bolted off and the next thing that occurred was the Interview with the officer. It took the officer five minutes to re-lieht the lamp.—The Chief Consteble : it is merely a technical offence. I quite accept. Mr. KiiShsW'S explanation.—The Chairman : We also accept it and dismiss the case. CRVELTY TO .e. HORSE.—john Clayton. Bostock-street, Stockton liseith. ;vie therged with cruelty to a horse by working it whilst it Was in An unfit condition on the 30th March; Walter Darlington, the owner of the animal was summoned for causing it to be so worked. -- Inspeetoe Taylor stated the (sets of the ease He said he saw Claeton in charge of the animal ,st 11.45 on the morning In question near War- rington Bridge. The animal was lame and seemed to be in pain, and on examining it he found that it was suffering from an old tore on the near sh inider about the size of a five-, , shillieg piece. It was also lame in the near hind P.Os• fewey and Inspector Print gave evidence.—Clayton was fined ss. and Darlington lOs and costs. WEDNESDAT.--Before Mr Birchen in the chair), Alderman Heaton, and Mr Geddes. HER 16TH APPEIRANCE.—EIizabeth Mien Fleming,Garden - row, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street, at 920 on the previous evening.—P.c Metealfe proved the case.—euperintendent Monaghan said this was prisoner's 56th appearance. and " she WAS the worst Character they had in the town."—The Chairman said that in the interests of the community, and as a protection for tier' self she would have to co to gacii for a month.—While being removed prisoner threates'tet to take the huperintendene a life when she •• came out."

===== 0002601_19010419_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tevr

===== 0002601_19010419_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions. WEDNESPAY—Before Kr George .Comber (ha the chair),

aud Mr John White. '

lIdzscELLANFous.- Tho following persons were fined Sc each, for 'baying been drunk and disorderly at the places and dates stated. -.Agnes McNally. Croft, on the 21st March ; Samuel Jones, Croft, on the oth April ; Maria Long, Croft, on the Bth April and Patrick Cuthbert, Croft, on the 4th April.—Harry Bennett, Warrins ton, was charged with driving a h ,rse and vAts at Penketh, on the 12t.h last, at 830 in tw-e evening without a light, and was fined 105 and oosts. -A y sung man n tined John Brooks was summoned for riding on a bicycle without a lighted I ,mp att4 hed to it at Pou.ton on the 7th inst. The defendant said he was with alriend whose limp was lighted. He was not aware that his own light had gone mit until his attention was directed to the fact by the pollee tie was then close to his home In answer o the Bench the defendant stated that the lamp was lighted when he started on his journey. A fine of 2s was inflicted

===== 0002601_19010419_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Occasional Court. -LerusnLy.—Before Mr F A Frost.

THEFT OF SPADES, —3l thael Burke, a rag gatherer, of Warrington, was ch .rged with stealing on the 9th April, two spades, valuod at 2s 61 each, the property of the :'.'lanchester Ship Canal Cornpony.—George Dutton, Hatton, Raid be was working on a boat in the canal near the Moore Field Bridge on April 9th. and about five o'clock in the afternoon put the tools in th•• forward cabin of toe boat,which was tied up close to the bridge. The cabin was locked by hanging padlocks outside. On the following morning about six o'clock he went to the boat and found the cabin doors open. The lock bad been prized open. and the two spades had been stolen. He identified those produced as the missing spades —P.C. Bills stationed at Moore, said he charged prisoner with stealing them, and he replied : "I don't know what to say."—Patrick Sh-rlock, a farmer's labourer at Sutton, said lie was in the taproom of the Bel Lion !Hotel, Preston Brook on the day in question,when two men came in and wanted to sell two shovels. He gays them Is 6d for both. He afterwards saw prisoner in cu .tody and identified him as one of the men•— Sergeant Bourne. ctockton Heath, applied for a remand until the 30th trust , in order that a se trch might be made for the other man. Of whom priequer would not give information.— Mr Frost acquiesced, and the prisoner was .remanded until the next DareAmry Petty ressiods.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorri—Petty Sessions.

MOND/It—Before Sir Richard Brooke, Bart (presiding), and Messrs Henry Reynolds and F J Norman. MINOR RU'INgSS --Job: hell. Cross-street. labourer, failed to put in an appearance in answer to summons for using obscene langnage, on th- sth Aprll a fact due to his having joined the Militia, the case eve adjourned to the 13th or May.—James ot irkey, a laboarer, of Water-street. pleaded guilty to b--lug drunk and disorderly in that street on the 6th April ; but inaam..tch as he was a soldier who had served his country Well in South Africa tie Was discharged.— ['homes Walker. 27 Rutland-street. was fined 43 61 (the costa) for allowing his ehimney to be on fire on the 29th March. REFUSING T , QUIT LICENSED eIIENIIPES —George Darling- ton, lahourer„ Saud -lane. Weston Point, pleaded gutty to being drunk on the premises known as the Woaver Hotel, onithe 6th April. --From the evidence of Constable Stephen Rowlands, J if Roderic. the tandlord. and Mr Thomas Grounds, the barman at the Dock Hoteljt would appear that the defendant in the first Instance went to the Dock Hotel and asked to be served, he was.however, refused as the bar- man thought he had had enough. From thence he went to the Weaver Hotel. and on being similarly refused by Mr Roderic, he used abusive language and refused to leave the premises Police Constable Rowlands was sent for, and defendant was eubseqeentiv ejected, —Superintendent Pear- son stated the defendant had not been before the court previ- ously. except three years ago, when he WAS charged with an I attempt on his own life As 4they were. aware publicans I were summoned for breaches Ai the licensing act, and con- sequently on otectisdin ought to be protected ; if there was a PuMieati in the district that tried to onduct his house in accordance with the Lie +rising Act, that publican wets Mr Roderic, hence he asked for a substantial penalty in the case. —Fined 1. s and 8- 6d costs or 14 days. PITCII -ND Toss,—Samuel Wood, George Basnett, John Schofield and William Martin. all youths of Gilbert-street, Runcorn were summo ed for piaying pitch-and-toss."— Martin did not appear, and the case against him was ad- journed —Constables Bowyer and Gilpia swore that on the mornmg of Sunday the 7th Aoril, they were detailed off in Vain clothes owing to numerous complaints having been received ley the Superintendent of police. They took up a station near the railway emeankment which commanded a view of Gilbert-street. About 11..33 a.m. the three defee dents and Martin went into an entry and commenced to pitch up coins, and continued to do so for a' out n quarter of an hour. Both Constables saw money passing —The three defendants pleaded not guilty, and W 09,1 and Sisnett elected to give evidenee.—Woo's said he was not playing as alleged.and that when the Constables came up to him they asked him about a cat. (Laughteri.—Basnett said they were simply smoking and watching a young pigeon fly. In cross-examination, howeeee he Admitted that his fathi-r had told him that " Bobbies" would be OR the watch for them that day ;but he did not know his father had spoeen to the police about the matter.- Schofield preferred to remain sit rhe Chair- man said they believed the hers were playing, and each would be fined 10s.

WARRINGTON ASSESSM ENT • COMMITTEE. ----- .. A meeting cf the Warrington Union Assessment Com- mittee was held in the Board Rom at the Workhouse on Fri ay, Mr G Pilling presided And there were also ' present : Messrs A J JeLey, William Boughton, S Davies, J Clarke, J Billinge, A JAley, William Houghton with j C Sutton (clerk), S Futon (assistant clerk), W Wobdcnck (assistant overseer), arid W Owen '(valuer). METHODS ADOPTED BY ASSESSMENT COMMITTEES. The CLEak read a lett, r from Mr J K Muspratt, clerk of the C ainty Rate .1 ,int Committee, stating that a sub-committee i had been appointed to make enquiries into the methods adopted by Assessment Committees in arriving at valuations of the different properties in their resp,,ctive Unions. Tie sub-committee propised t attend at the Union Offices, Warrington, that afternoon at 3 • o'clock, and would be glud t,) know if they could be met at that time. It was decided that ;he Chairinan, Vice-chairman and any member who wished, should meet the sub-com- mittee.

Mr OWEN was re-aMiloteti valuer to the committee at a salary of £2OO per annum. mammy OF THE NEW VALUATIONS. The A,sistaat Overseers for the various districts in the Union submitted the vjaluations bared on the new scale approved by the committee. Mr WOODCOCK. for Warrington, said the present valid ation of the Borough was gross £291,855, agricultural land £1,890, an I buildings £238,963 being an increase on the previous year of £5.501, VALUER'S REPORT. Mr OWEN in his report stated that since the last meet- jog he had made the following valuatioas and inspec- tions In Eh,. Township of Newton. Metier, Borrnn and Co , glass bottle works, to be raised from gross £3OO, rateable £240, to gross £345, ratesble £276. The Sankey Sugar Works, Earlestowit, Newton, to be raised from gross £1,235, rateable £928 to gross £1,358, rateab'e £1,020. In the Township of Great Sankey. The assessm ant of gross £.50, rateable £4O. on the marl:ion of the Warring- ton Chemical Company's works in Great Sankey should he reduced to gross £2O, rateable £l6, which was the full value for this portioq. The remainder of the works ws assessed in the township of Warrington at gross £225, rateable £173 Os. In the township of Warrington. Messrs Monks and Co., L•tl. The new building reported on in De.cember last was not yet completed, and the machir.ery was not in position. The company considered it would be wunplete in June neat. Messrs W and J it'nhardson, coal yard and offices. Marson-street War- rington. An appeal was made at the las mreting against an assessment of gross £2OO. rateable £l7O. He (Mr Owen) was of opinion that this assessw3ent should stand without alraration. He (Mr 0 wen) was aiSo instructed to inspect and value the following cad yards :—Mess'. W and J Richardson, 01•.-road, Latchford, gross £7O, rateable £59 10s, cottage, gross £5, rateable £4. The yard aseesement should 'le raised from gross £7O, rate- able £59 103 to gross £75, rs'eatee £63 loi. The Wigan Cos an i iron Company's card and offics gross £l3O, rateable £ll3, house gross £lO, rateable £B. 'There would ha no alteration in the gross, but an error had crept id this' valu 'don. and the gross of the yard being correct, the rateable should •be £llO 103. The Warrington Slate Company Limited, gross £loo,rateatile £B5, part old card trioss £32. rateable £27, house and offices cross £4O, ratoable £34 T'ie assessment on the yard hould be rris<,d to gr3ss £ll5, rateable £97 103. The report was adopted.

V7AR RING TON.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Cable Makers Busy—Scarcity of Guttapercha.

Cable construction is going ahead at such a rate says the " Daly Express " that there is some pros- pect of a shortage in the supply of guttapercha. Borneo, Sumatra, and other islands in the Far East are the present sources of supply, and Singapore the chief centre from which all the supplies are re- distributed, to the cable makers. England, France, and Germany are all engaged in cable-laying on a great scale, the two latter with a view to disputing the supremacy of England under as well as over the sea. England's present cable schemes include the construction of the all-British cable across the Pacific, and a new cable from Africa to Australia—some 15,030 miles in all. For these two cables the contracts are I already Work has commenced on the Afro- Australian cable, and the making of the Pacific cable will begin next year. Having accepted the contract, it is reasonable t,) suppose that the English firm which is laying these two cables has enough guttrpercha in prospect to complete them. But there will not be much left over for France and Germany to buy after British requirements have been sAtiefied In the opinion of one great manu- facturer, it will not be impossible for France and Germany to get enough guttapercha to complete the schemes they have in hand, but they will have to wait a long time and pay a big price.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE SEMI-FINALS.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Qualify for the Final.

Batley Beat Oldham.

---- . The gem-final ties for the Northern Union Challenge Cup were playtd on Saturday at Broughton aud Hudders- field. Warrington had •be irivilege of appearing before Lancashire spectators on the B oughton ground, th-ir epponents being Castleford. A large amount of interest was silo wo in the match locally, and throe 8 peciil tr tins in addition to the numerous ordin.ri, expresses were required to convey the excited Warrington partiz ma ,r) Manche.ter. To the general disapp.iintmeitt rain fell continuously during tbe morning of Saturday, only clearing off an hour before the match. This fact militated against the rates- ! dance which would hs about 0,000, the receipts totalling £224 1043 I, which is poor for a semi-final. Owing to the rain ths ground was in a heavy state. Boh teams were wed represelted, Castloford finding a subititute for Ward, forward. The officials of the , match were : Referee, Mr Robinson, Manningham ; 1 tooch-judge,, Mr J a Smith,Widnes, and Mr J Priestley, Salford. The teams w”ii :---. Warrington. Age. Height. Weight. E Hallarn J Irish D Inherwood (captain) . J Dickenson II Harris R Bate .7 Duckworth J 135ardman J Fell W Edmondson 3 'lcholtze.. .. J Eden J Cunningham...... .......... 22 - —....... 12 -10 3 Morrison 26 ... ... 5 10 IS Swift

===== 0002601_19010419_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Castleford.

Age. Height. Weight Townend Salmoni Collins Smith Neil Burns 9 Stanley Poster Walton Dixon 8a11... V Holl‘nd Webeer Church • 2i 1-peed (captain) War iugtou won the toy, and 13herwood elected to play against the wind in the firqt, half. Punctually to time the players appeared, aed ewe.] started tor the visitors. Castletord caused some surprise by rushing their opponents on to their on lines. and it was some time ere Warrington managed to clear ultimately Hazels managed to bring relief for his side, and that player 47413 within an ace of scoring. Castle- ford, howevar, again managed to attack, and for some minutes had much the best of the play. It was left to Fish to put the Lancashire tam on the aggressive, which he did with a smart dodgy rue, and for a while Castleford were xept busy defending. Smith put on the first point for Castleford by kd-king a goal from a mark by Speed, and this reverse greatly stimulated the War- rington men. By degrees they op-nei up a strong attack upon the Castleford line, and Eden charging down a kick by Barns scored Werrington'a first try near the posts, Fish registering the goal. This was the prelude to further scoring, and by this time it was seen that War- rington had the full measure of their opponents. Town- end was several times called upon to relieve, but ere five minute 4 had elapsed the teams were kVA again. Hallarn and Dickenson coming to a mi.underqtanding which wore the Castleford forwards an easy try,Ball being the scorer Smith tally' at goal. The unexpected reverse stirred: Warrington into prompt action, and very soon Bate and Isherwood overcame the defence, and Fish with a brile lent run, left Townend standing, and put on another point. Again Fish landed a goal, and it was not long. after this when Castleford almost scored again Harris past relieving in time. Nearing half time play became very vigor( us, the tackling being firm and certain, and there had been no fuither scorn at the interval, when ' Warrington led by 10 points to five points. The game up to this stage had not been of a very brilliant character. but as the play advanced there was an improvement. Early in the second half Warrington began to prove clearly superior, and nothing but smart tackling by Salcconi kept Warrington out. Eventually Vsh,who warebeing splendidly fed, gotsgoing,and ran in the third try, but tr is time the kick was not successful. The game now looked a certainty for Warrington, and the hopes of Castleford were not very sanguine. The Warrington scrimrnagere were now showing by far the finer footwork, and heeling nut to Bate and Duckworth, the latter lc, pt his three-quarters well on the move, and Harris only failed to snore by the merest shave, Saemoni and Townend collaring him when, about to ground ale ball. By this time Castleford were getting demoralised, and Scholtze. Edmondson, and Morrison passed brilliantly, but unsuccessfully, Smith breaking up the movement. The Castleford men at this point were struggling hard, bat could not quite clear thee lines. Warrington began to press severely, and Dicken- son added another try, by swerving in near the posts quite unexpectedly. Fish missed the goal, but the issue was now quite belfemd doubt The closing stages of the game were all in favour of Warrineten, and they made matters very warm for their opronentri. The latter made a rush to the Warrington end, hut Dickenson, Isherwood and Fish left them far in the rear, the latter scoring after a. run nearly the length of the field, and this time Itherwood landed the goal. Castleford were played to a standsti II by this time, evidently having had enough of matters, and at the end Warengton paactically aid what they liked. The Yorkshiremen made one or two spasmodic efforts, but they were rather easily repulsed. Content with the heavy snore they had piled up. Warrington were play- ing a defendine game rather.than an attackirg one, and the result was that there was no augmentation of the score. The last tAn minutes saw no thing of any great note happening, and when the whistle went Castleford were badly defeated by 3 goals and 5 tries (21 points), to lgoal and 1 try (5 points).

===== 0002601_19010419_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Oldham Defeated by Batley.

There was an excellent attendance of 15,000 at Huddersfield on Saturday to witness the match between Oldham and Batley.and the proceeds amounted to £B9O. The terraces were filled and those who found places in the covered stands saw before them the imposing spectacle of a wall of people such as can be built up on no other football eround in the county, save, per- haps, at the Crystal Palace. Much greater crowds are often huddled together at ordinary Saturday afternoon football matches, but the ken thousand comfartably accommodated on the Hucdersfield hillside filled the eye far more impressively than double the number would have done packed together on a structure of necessarily against the weather Fortunately a for the majority pro- s tnot re 9.3ired.To visitors from Manchester and from Leeds this was a welcome limited ec pro- tection surprise. The following were the teams : Batley.—A F Garner, back ; W Davies, J B Goodall, D Fitzgerald, and F W El Auty, threequarter backs, J Oakland (captain) and J Mulgley, half backs ;I Carroll, C Stubley, F Fisher. R Spurr, J Rodgers, F Fozzard, F Bollingworth. and G Maine, forwards. Oldham.—Thomas, back ; Williams, Davies, Fletcher and Hozzly, three-quarter backs ; A Lees and Lawton, half backs ; Maff +t, Frater, Ferguson, Rouser, Broome, Wormald, G H Wilkinson and J rt Wilkinson, forwards. Referee: Mr T Bruckshaw, Stockport. The Batley captain won the toss—a piece of good f or. ,tune for his aide which practically determined the issue

===== 0002601_19010419_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
JIJIIE EXAMINEIf, FILt V. APRIL 19, 1901. PRESENTATIONS BY GUARDIANS.

of the struggle. The first ten minutes of play showed principally the smug. bof the °Attain defence. Taat Batley,a team of very actiee,vigorous, go-for-everything Oitp-tie players, should first press home the attack was taken as a matter of course. It was sufficient satisfae- Oen for Lancashire men to note, at this stage of the game, that the Oldham backs were quite reliable every [and the forwards failed,and that Bamey had very great difficulty its keeping that prolific scorer, S Williams, and his resourceful neighbour. T D Davies, at bay. But at the end of ten minutes Batley opened the scoring. There was an infringement in the scrummage, and Mr. Bruck- ' shaw gave a penalty kick to the Yorkshire team. The "place" was very near the half-sway line, but it was directly in front of goal. and there was the wied to be counted On, W. Davies was the kicker, and he scored with apparent ease. Ten minutes later pre- cisely the same sort ot thisg happened again. lii the same position Mr. Bruckshsw blew his whistle for "legs up in the scrum." and again Davies placed a goal. Tuns Batley obtained a lead of four points without any particular display of merit, beyond that of the individual player who took the place kicks. For a time the teams struggled hard and unsuc- cessfully. On a dry ground it was reasonable to expect some good three-cleaner nlay, but those vs ho did expect ie were disappointed. Only once in the first half was there a really stirring passage of ‘xchanges. In this Huzzey and Fletcher shared, and so well did they man- age the ball that thee carried the game from their own half well into the Batley " twenty-five" before they were stopped. Oldham could gain nothing by kicking or punting because of the wind, and it was difficult for them te field the ball because of the sun. Stubborn &feroci. they offered, and there seemed a prospect that the interval might be reached without further scoring. But again the unexpected happened. Fletcher, puzzled by the MO, misised the ball, and Batley got up from a scrummage in close quarters. Th'e Batley halves were smart and lucky. Midgley snapped up the ball and dodged two opponents. A third collared him, and he passed the ball ti his nelleague. Oakland in turn was tackled, but be grounded the ball over the line as he fell. From this try Davies made another succ-ssful place kick. and Batley had a lead of nine points at the interval. The character of the game aftetwards changed very considerably. Batley, while the wind was with them, had forced the pace at every possible opportunity, and they bad of course somewhat wearied their rivals. But' having secured a lead, they went to the other extreme, and played in a leisurely fashion which provoked the Lancashire spectators to sheuts of ireny. Their leisurely methods, however, were only in the direction of filling up time. In defensive play they showed excellent form, and pe,haps their greatest triumph was in the complete manner in which they mastered and broke down the Oldham methods of attack. The forwards had most to do. and the Batley forwards were undoubtedly the smarter pack, especially in their footwork. One success only rewarded Oldham for much hard fighting. Soon after the game was resumed, Mr Bruckshaw penalised a Batley .half for not putting the ball straight into the serum; and from the place Huzzey kicked a goal. There was no other score; only two or three abortive attempts. Of these Dayies's drop kick was nearest to success. & really exciting spell bf play rounded off the game. Oldham appeared to get the measure of the op- posing backs:and scruminages very near to the line were frequent. But here a knock—on and there a failure to take a pass spoiled every chance opening, and in the end the result was a victory for Batley by three goals and one try (nine points) to one goal (two points).

The Cup.--Final Tie.

On Mmday night at a meeting of the Northern Union Cup Committee,. held at (lath-tetanal& it was deeided that Mr J Kidd, Millom, should be the referee in the final—Batlev v Warrington—to he played at Eicadingley non Baturday and that Messrs J Oakland, Out- wood Church, and J Bruckshaw,Stockport,be the touch judges.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION COMPETITION.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Test Match. vvidnes v St. Helens.

Played on the ground of the Warrinc..ton Club at Wilderspeol,on Monday evening before 4,000 spectators. St. Helens bad the advantage of a strong breeza daring the opening half, and quick forward work, chiefly led ,by Briars, caused Baty's end to be chiefly the scene of loperations. latubborn defence Was set. up,and event's- ' ally Hamplon and Aspey led the Widnesians in an in- vasion which should have been turned to good account I by Lomas. whilst Lally spoiled several favourable open- ings. Eventually the Saints renewed the attack, and after Pennington had had a capital though ineffective shot at goal the ball was passed across to Doherty, who scored at the c)rner. Baty was badly hurt, and he was assisted from the ground, taking no further part in the match, Hughes took up the vacant past at back, and Aspey was drafted from the forward to tle threequarter line. At half-time St. Helens led by a try. Resuming after the interval, St Helens looked dangerous until welletoppe,4 by Rispan, and Widnes got within measur- able:distance of the railway goal. St. Helens adopted stern' defensive tactics and succeeded in keeping Widnes out, Pinal Staelens, 3 points.; Widnes, nil.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Warrington and District League. First Division. Warrington St. Mary's v. Trinity Athletic. On Trinity ground. on Saturday. The visitors were the first to assume the aggressive, G Mather causing Parry to handle. Bsker cleared with a good run, but was brought up In Fleming. The Stints forced a cor- ner. from which T Mather scored. Half-time. St Mary's. one; Trinity. none. On resuming Trinity made a vigorous attack, bu", Marley and Richardson showed capital defence. Alt'u• ten minutes' extra titan Ball scored. Flush—St Mary's, one; Trinity, one.

THE COST OF WAR. From the day when Av.hilles fasted three days and nights over the body of PArce'us, slain in the ten years siege before the stout walls of Troy, have we learned of war's sorrows.

The Duke of Wellington wept like a child when he surveyed the bloody. bard-won field of Waterloo. Methuen, it is said, broke down at the ghastly sight of Magersfontein, and returned to his tent that the men might not witness his grief. " Who dead is must he buried," say s Homer, and, we might add," who ill is must die." So thought Piiirate 'John Smith, living now at 19. South tikbridge-street, Bu.tcm-m.-Trent. The "Aurania " steamed out to the Cape on December 27th, 1899, with this soldier aboard her (that was before she seamed back with the gallant C.l.V.'s) and in telling me of his trials, on August 29 h, 1900, Private Smith says that that part of his duty was plea,iant enough. " Shortly after Earl Roberts' famous march into Kronstadt, we were stationed between that town and Jacobsdal to guard the line of communication. Towards the end of April I was laid low with that fell dieease enteric fever.

"There were hundreds of men down with it. It has I laid law more men than all the shot and shell that was I ever fired by Boer Artillery. For several weeks I was in the fever h3spltsl. Mysutnach was converted into a manufactory of torturing pains and I grew as weak and helpless as a new-born babe. "1 was for days unconscious, but gradually recovered sufficiently to be invalided home." 1 Yet the suffering of Private Smith was not over. "I went aboard the Hospital Ship ' Ninevah 'in June," he says, "and shortly afterwards sailed for home. During my short stay in South Afiica, I lost over 20lbs in weight. Nothing that I took relieved the constant vomiting, or increased my strength." " After," he says, I had been home a few days, my brother, who is an engio driver on tho Midland Rail- way— not of an arntortred train—advieed me to try Mother Seigel's Syrup, I got a bottle. I found it was doing me good. The vomiting ceased, and I was able to enjoy all kinds of food. My appetite is now enor- mous."

"Altogether I have taken tour bottles of Mother Sc;gel's Sup, and gladly give you permission to use and publish toy statement. This syrup is a fine tonic and a great medicine for the stcmaoh. I can especially reccmmend it to soldiers re ing from South Africa in feeble health."

Wellington knew the hitter elst of war in 1815.

Methuen in 1E99 and 1900.

And the hero ot this narrative in 1900, too. His was a personal cost, Green vomit," Charles R-ade writes, . .

' laid her sickly band on him." A broken man.—Until the kindly offices of Seigel's Curative Syrup put him on the steppinkstone of " first wealth," which is health.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Interesting Proceedings.

Last week's meeing'of the Warrington Board of Guardians was the last of the triennial period, and an interesting feature in connection with it was the presentation of a clock to Mr William Owen and of a silver rose bowl; to •Mr William Houghton, in recognition of their services in connection with the building of the new Workhouse Infirmary. The presents had been supplied by Messrs Eustance and Company. Mr Owen's present was an English bracket chime clock in old carved oak case,chiming the Cambridge chimes on eight bells and the West- minster chimes on four beautifull3 toned Cathedral gongs. The clock is mounted on a massive carved oak bradket and bears the following inscription "Presented to William Owen, Esq„ F. R.1.8.A. by the Guardians of the Warrington Union on the corapletien of the new Infirmary,l9oo " Tbe silver rose bowl presented to Mr William Houghton was of Louis XIV design with panels of flowers chased In relief en the'body of the bowl and a slroll border ot roses and acanthus leaves on the pedestal. The bowl is mounted on an ebony plinth and is a very handsome work of art. Mr A J JOLLEY presided, and there was a full attend. anoe of members. The CHAIRMAN said that some time ago a recommen., &SUM was submitted to the lutirmary Qopamittee, and met with a very cordial response. That recointnenda- tion was to the effect that the omardians should do s unething as a body to recognize the services rendered to them bp the architect—Mr William Owen, in connec- tion with the erection of the new Infirmary. The pro- posal was received in a most cordial spirit, and it was decided that the Guardians, out of private resources, should endeavour in some way to express to Mr William Owen their vary strong appreciation of the many services he had rendered to them in connection with the building of the new Infirmary—services which sometimes had fallen outside the limits of his architectural duties, but which had always been rendered most cheerfully. Any informa, ion required had always been given with promp- titude, and tneir relations together had been of a most satisfactory character. (Hear, hear.) Of course Mr Owen had received the usual professional remunera- tion for his services but altogether owside that, it had been unanimously felt that some further recognition should be made. The spirit of goodwill bad materi4l- - itself in the form of a handsome clock which the members saw before them. He had now very great pleasure in asking, Mr Houghton to formally present the clock to Al, Owen. _ _

Mr HouciatoN said he had often felt proud of his position as a member of the Board but he bad never felt prouder than he did on the present occasion. Be was obliged to the Chairman for the preface he had just made, for it relieved him of that duty. The ques- tion of building the new infirmary was no new thing to those who had been on the B iard for any number of years, for it had been in agitation eight or ten Years. The Local Government B )ard began to put pressure upon them as to making better provision for the sick and infirm It was a matter which wanted great consideration and it was thought po,sible that the old place might be • modified to such an extent as to meet the requirements of the Local Government Board Af'er plans had been made it was found that it would be uterly impossible to do this, and they had to set about to prepare for the new building which had now become such a valuable adjunct to the Werkhouse. Mr. Owen was instructed to prepare the plans, and some time elapsed before they were ready, but the time was well spent by Mr Owen in obtaining every information in order to make the Infirmary as modern and up-to-date as it was possible for it to be. Mr 0 Weill was after wards instructor] to go on with the work and a committee was formed to deliberate with him. That committee found its work very much larger than they had at first expected. Frequent meetings had to be held and much ensigns; thought was given to the matter A great deal of it was relieved to a considerable extent by the courtesy ot Mr Owen who did his utmost to assist the committee. Even architects could do their work in more ways than one—they siou'd do it in the ordinary way and also in an exactly opposite manner. At the conclushn of the work, mainly owing to Mr. 0 wen's ability, when the accounts came to be made out, they were not qitite as mueh as they expected or as they had allowed for. In many under- takings the opposite had been the case and it was a pleasant finale to the work of the committee when the undertsking was completed. When the proposal to make a presentation to Mr Owen was mooted, it was take, up unanimously by the committee and afterwards by the Board and th,t beautiful clock which they saw before them was decided upon by the Selection Com- mittee. He did not know of anything that could be more useful than a good clock. The one before them was of English make and lie thought it would prove a sold ona Be hoped the gift would find a Vane in Mr Owen's home. The clock struck the hours and chimed the quarters and he hoped Mr Owen would live long to listen to these chimes, and that when his eyes fell on

that inscription it would excite pleasant memories in hiS breast. When he had ceased to listen to it he (Mr Houghton) hopod that a long line of future generations might listen to its beautiful chimes, and that the inscription would remind them of their ancestor and his work. (Applatise.) Mr. OwEN, in accepting the gilt, said he hed been in the habit of attending that room for 25 or 27 years, but he did not know that he ever felt so nervous before. He thought, for once, that he would like the reporters to be absent, although he agreed with what Mrs Eielsten had said with referenee to their exclusion at the Board meet- ings, and if he might add a word in parantheeiii, he was s rry Mrs Elelsten was leaving the Board. He felt that he could not adequatelythank them for such a handamme and cheerful recognition of his serviees—services, which as the Chairman very properly feinted out, had been paid for. He appreciated most fully—tvne could appre- ciate more fully—the kindly • sentiments which had been the motive in their minds in presenting that very handsome „clock to. him He did not know that there ivatt ady incentive which led an official to serve them better than feeling that they reposed in him trust and confid-nee. They might depend upon ithat whenever they had an official in whom they reposed trust and confidence it was better for them to show it. The goodwill and motives which had promoted that gift to him more than doubled and trebled the value of the payments he had received for the work he had performed He had served the Board fora long time, probably 27 years, and he thought he was the third or feurth oldest officer, It spoke well for the Board—be did not wish to cast any reflee.tion which would Rinw "upnn themselves—that they were able to keep together their servants for more than a quarter of ,a century. If the Board continued to show its appre- ciation of its officers in this manner the Board would have them sticking to them like glue. (Laughter.) Ho greatly appreciated the gift. Ni better gift could be given to a man who rather prided himself on hie punctuality. Whenever he made an appointment; whether it was with a working man or any other person be always endeavoured to keep it, and now he should have no possible excuse. He could assure them that the clock would have a very prominent position in his home, and as he listened to the chimes he should always thick of the pleasant and happy times spent with the Board of Guardians. (Applause.) Mr. PILLING said the members of the Board would remember that at the last meeting when the presenta- tion to Mr. Owen was mentioned the Guardians then present came to the conclusion, after some remarks by the Rev J H Ridiette that the services rf Mr William Houghton, as Chairman of the Infirmary Committee ought also to be recvnizsd. The suggestion was pot to the meeting and heartily approved of. A sub-committee was aPpointed for the purpose of preparing the presen- tation and the result of their work was the silver rose bowl which the ,'inembers saw upon the table. He would ask the Chairman to make the pretyntation. The CHAIRMAN sail it was with very groat pleasure that he dischareed the duty. Mr Houghton was one of tio most med-nt of men, in fact he believed there was only one other Guardian who was more modest, and that was himsef. (Laughter). Every member of the Board concurred in the suggestion that Mr Houghton's services as chairman of the Infirmary Buildings Com- mittee should receive some tangible recognition. He ,hoped the form it had taken would be to the taste of Mr Houghton, and th•t he would accept it in the spirit in which it was offered, as an expressson of the sincere respect mad, regard which his attention to duty had inspired among the rest of his colleagues. (Applause.) Mr. WILLIAM FIOuGHTON said the Board's apprecia- tion of his efforts was more than he had ever imagined. He never thought of a present of any kind, much less, such a handsome and useful present. There were others on the committee who had done more for the new in- firmary because they possessed more ability. The in- firmary was now complete, and formed a fitting com- pletion to what he should like to describe as the reform lera in the history of the Wartington Union. He dated the c,mmencement of the reform era from the building of Padgate schools. He did not take credit to himself for assisting in any way to build theism schools' but he bad the honour of sitting on the Board before the schools were occupied and had been a member of the School,' Committee ever since. He was a bit pre- judiced agalost the schools at the commencement and if he bad been a member of the Board at tne time when the griestion of building them was discussed, he would probably have voted against the txpenditure of such a large sum of money. but having worked on the schools committee for 18 years he could teatify to the excellent results ob- taiced. (Hear, hear.) Mr Jenner Fus.t's predecessor once told them that within a very short time they would have to build two more homes, hut from that date for- ward,the average was less and the reduction of paupers waa largely due to the children being brought up in these rchools. Great improvement had taken place in the coedition of the people in the workhouse and now they had an new ihfirmary with all its modern appoint- ments and conveniences. The proceedings then terminated. Light refreshments were subsequently partaken of and the health of Me (Pm mid Mr Liouglatga drunk.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
and

Swelling of Glands.

of the best remedy for children.

(From

When a person takes a remedy that produces the desired results, it is only natural that the fact should be mentioned and the remely spoken well of. Take the following case, for example. of a little by who had been suffering from • cough and swelling of the glands : . .

_ 32, Union-street Rochester. es April 16th, 1899. " Gentlemen,—l have much pleasure in testifying to the benefit my little boy. Arthur, received through taking your Scott's Emulsion. Be was suffering from a cough and swelling of the glands, and after taking two small bottlf s of your valuable preparation he was completely cured. I shall always recommend Scott's Emulsion to my friends as being the finest medicine for children.—Yours truly, " (Signed) H. M. Mem" People universally speak well of Scott's Emulsion. It is a standard remedy, in the first place, being endorsed highly by the medie-1 profession, and . . .

. there is something about it which produces good results, when other remedies have been of no avail. You have only to give S...iott's Emulsion to a deli- cate child to see how effectual it is in giving flesh, strength, and vitality. Thousands of mothers whose children have been in a delicate state of health from birth have found that Sc At's Emulsion accomplishes just what they have always wished

A letter about a child which tells

1

for in overcoming this apVarent weakness, aid giving vigour to all the vital organs. - In chronic coughs and colds, Scott's Emulsioka serves a much better purpose than ordinary cough tn'd!cinoo. It relieves the throat and lungs almost immediately, and by nourishing the system, it drives away the weakness that makes these chronic coughs. possible.

aildien that are always ailing suffer, in most cases, from low vitality,and it is much more import' ant to improve their general health than it is to treat the local symptoms with ordinary specifics. Scott's Emulsion is the most palatable and easiest form of cod-liver oil, combined with hypophosphiteS and glycerine'. Hypophosphites are of advantage ia furnishing material for the healthy growth of bone, in feeding the nerves, anti assisting in digestion, while the glycerine, as it is blended with the oil is Scott's Emulsion, greatly facilitates absorptios• C)usunaptives, and persons suffering from anaemia. can obtain vitality and strength from Scott's Ems!' sion when no other form of cod-liver oil can be used with advantage. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion 11, sending threepence to c,.ver postage to Scott aria Bown,•, Limited. Manufacturing Cl.cmista,9s, Great Saffron Illl,London' E.G.,and mentioning too DOW of this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

• ~ . . -... k" .°' ;;t.' . .7:- --4. 7 '*.\ ,!- '\ • - ' • ;*; 4 ' ; • • . L;irrl ,0• • • -.1,.._‘. • 11.4!) / - 4.)1 , y \..7- ''-, t f; . kf; I;,1-•---- ' , ... ' .- ‘ - \\ I . ,cf(. ,--.....- ..... .0 \ . (..t..,...\ , ...am., : • • ;:„..,,..,.... .. •• :4,21;,..,„,.. .:: i:,.\‘‘,. ............. .......,,,•„•,,,,,. ------ ~..f.4:;,,,,0:401, 1 ,5,„;:„.„,,,,„•,,,,,,,, ~,,4-;,il,,Pinoiti / js\ \ \ \,,•'.; •-,/,- /' ' . 1 ' \\ *•s;k ft / . •• \VW\ /ix% , , ‘'\ , \•.‘,',N , / .. r Z - ',. - \ , • ...._ ARTHUR JAMES MACE. a photograph.)

===== 0002601_19010419_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S ANCIENT BUILDINGS. Visit by the Lancashire and Cheshire Historic Society

Some Interesting Facts. On Saturday afternoon, the members of the Historic Society ot Lancashire and Cheshire visited Warrington for the purpose of inspecting the Parish Church, Holy Trinity Church, the Museum, and the Old Academy. Among the local gentlemen who accompanied them were :—Alderman Shaw Green, qouncillor A. Bennett. Ur. C. Madeley, and 41r. T. May (a member of the society). The party was received at the Parish Church by the Rev. Canon Willis, who gave an int( resting his- ) tory of the building. The church, the visitors were informed, was dedicated to St. Elphin, celtic saint of the 7th century. The Saxon Church in 700 AD, Was of mud and wattle. From 1150 to 1200 a stone Norman Church stood, which was superseded in 1354 by a decora- ted stone church,of which now only the chancalremains. The founder was Sir William Boteler, aud a little later in the same century the Lady chapel was built sad the tombs of the founder and his wife placed in a recess in the north.ln 1463 Sir John Boteler and Margaret Gerard his wife died, and an alabaster tomb was placed in the chapel. In 1464 a slab was found in the Massey Chapel which WB9 supposed to mark the tomb to the Rector, Thomas Massey. Sir Thomas Boteler died in 1522,and his tomb was formerly a little west of that new in the chapel. " In 1696 the tower of the, church .was re-built, and in 1781 the nave underwent a similar change. The crypt vestry was discovered by Rector Rawstoun in 1824. to 1833 the present south aisle was built by Rector Powys, and during years between 1859 and 1869 the present tower and spire, the north and south chapels, the nave ani north aisle were re.built by Rector Queckett. Canon Willis accompanied the visitors through the church, and spoke interestingly of its old associations. The very fine tomb to Sir John Bete:et and his. wife excited the keen interest of the party, and Mr Beamoat's lucid description of it, as read by the Rector, had their appreciative attention. The Rector mentioned inciden- tally that he proposed to erect an altar and use the chapel, and as tbe tomb is below the fl or line, he asked for information upon the advisability of raising it He was generally advised to lower the floor of the chapel. After an inspection of the chancel, and an ex- amination of some old prints of the church, the party proceeded to what is, perhaps, the most interesting portion of the church, the crypt vestry, which was discovered under such romantic circumstances. Here they inspected the splendid silver plate and old docu- ments with profound interest the while they listened to descriptions from the Rector, Mr May, and Mr Lloyd, the vestry clerk. After a walk through the churchyard, the party pro- ceeded to the Rectory, where the Rector and Mee Willie hospitably entertained them. Trinity Church was next visited, and here Mr Madeley gave a brief description of , the builducg. The original church was built in 1709. The present edifice was erected in 1760. Tha visitors heard with interest that the massive candelabra in the centre of the church came from the old House of Com- mons wince was destroyed by fire in the reign of George 11. The tower of the church was given by an old time , governor of the town, and since its erection the curfew bell has been rung at eight each evening. Tbe painting above the centre of the altar is a copy from the Louvre by a local artist. After a short stay in the church the party went on to the Museum and under Mr Madeley's guidance spent an entertaining and instructive hour inspecting the well-arranged and coenprehension collection of natural and scientific curiosities and works of art. An object of particular interes: shown to the visitors w ehesuble found built up in a disused t Parish Church in 1824. It afterwards p the property of Sc Alban's Church,Bewsey-street. It was Saeig passed h as e ieralt alOt eit the the hands hands of the Catholic clergy, and is now kindly lent for the occasion by the Rector, the Rev Father Whittle. From the Museum the party went to the Old Academy, where they had tea. They also in- spected the building, and most of them having a know- ledge of the intellectual associations of the place, found a deep interest in what they saw and heard. The party afterwards returned to the Museum, and ass( mbled in the lecture room under the presidency of Mr J Paul Rvlands, F.S.A., to hear a lecturo by Mr , Madeley on " Early Warrington printed books." In ad- dition to a number of broadsides, prints and drawings relation to the, Parish Church, there was laid out for the visitors' inspection a collection of books, chiefly the production of the well-known Byres Press, and the rarer books from the Library. Some specimens of very fine printing were greatly admired. The leeture also was highly appreciated. At the close of the proceedings cordial votes of thanks were passed to Mr Madeley and to the Rector (Canon Willis). YOU OUGHT TO KNOW That lioldroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for oravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back. Dronsy, Wind Water Complaints. Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Sciatica. and Rheuma tism. Try one box ; if not satisfied, money returned ls. Id. all Chemists. Post free, 12 stamos.—HOLD- RoYD'S MEDICAL MALI., CLECKHRATON YO ER 0,

IP I

MERRY WEATHER'S VI 4°Nll/4 woe CLASS CARDEN HOSE 63 LONG ACRE,LONOON LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH CLASS HOSE IN THE WOR

THE BRITISIt CYCLE 45, Evertun Rd. •

===== 0002601_19010419_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
the

Cough

Acton 13 3), Su da' ~,,tenrarkti "40risys 9 Alrmingti tnrmingi 45.6 50.1( Imackbur n••= 540, lilsokpoo 5 411‘ckpoo 8 SC", a6l; Saturdays .11nn- -517,5 55, 8 UturciAvs • Carlisle_ % 42,81111,3 a • Chester— & ws 10,5 Collins I 7 13. I Crewe— 4 45 640, Caresbur 7 21 a.rn • .

I 1'

===== 0002601_19010419_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ulqr

dis-0 ) 5

===== 0002601_19010419_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TA LE

43 t_f4j.W.LEll

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r .m. 64n a.m. and 6.30 P.m • *These are Telegraph (*cos also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m

5, lOftm. 12 noon,?. &

p m. 8.40 p.m. 8.15 s.m. and 545 p.m. 9 30 a.m. and? p.m. 8.33 am. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

2-29 p. m .

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

NU. 10-15_ sm.

from the Receiving Office/ Rartm- ; from all Sub-Offices at

'TV ~:f.;l WI KA

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
APRIL PROM WARRINEITOR

Acton neidge-7 10, 740, 828. 1020, lh 10, 15. 265 5 F.o, 5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altaa r and Milhous( .4715 8 35,-41 2,1 25, a 3 22.a40, 46 15, 47 1506 25. &inlays 931 2 6,8 55. a Stops if require*. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58: 83 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 15. 2 5..5 20. 720 11 34. Sundays 2 53. 10 ID. 4 5 11 A 5 %Mondays excepted. bslondays onlY Birmingham (hliclbmarl)-5 51. 9 58. 11 65. 12 55,3 7, 522 56.11 52. Sundays 11 15 a m.. 4 20.5 15 p.m Blackburn -545, 835. 956, 11 60, 2 10, 4 ZO, 623 B 50. Sundays 843, a 3 36,6 o.a via Preston atftekpoca_s 20, 8 35, 966. 11 42, 1225, 2 10,3 50. 4 50, 6 28. 717, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43:3 35 6 0. .°l2on 8 '5, 9 25, 10 43, 12t4. 1 15, 3 32. 426, 6 43 ' 47. 920, Sundays 843 a.01..6 16. 757 p.m. 121rBole--5 20, 5 45. 9 56 11 50. 1225. 210. 4 50, 9 55. Sun- aays 3 35.9 54. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 11 31,12 30 1. 40.2 15, 2.20 16, 4 22.5 7 6 4,7 44, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45,1 1 36, Collins Green-7 5. 85, 835. 1010,12 7. 2 35.3 46, 6 15, 6 33,7 8, 740, 9 25. 10 30. Sundays 13 43, 60. Crelve—s2 52,63 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 20. 11 Z 7, 1 5.2 6 520,723. 1134. Sundays 258, 10 154 5.11 .35. ahloadays *zeePted. bblondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, 57. 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 44, a,m. 745 p.m. * Derby(Midland)-5,51, 846. 953, 1155. 12. 65, 37, 4 17 22, 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m ...Barlestoss n-5 45, 75. 8 5.8 25,8 35, 9 25, 10 1: 2320,10 '2 7, 12 25 115,2 35,3 403 50,5 15, 8 20 °33,55 7 40.9 25. 9 66, 10 30 SUn4ays,7 40 835.8 43.a.m.5 10 6 0,7 67,9 Da p.m Fiddler's Ferry 1 Penketh —7 30, 8 25. 9 48. 11 53,1 55. 20 515,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. Frodsham —7 37. 9 5 1023. 1225, 2 20, 3 15. 4 22, 57. 8 4 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines 3-7 15. 757. 831.9 5. 10 5 12 0 529 " 8 le. b 9 40; dlO 25. 11 Sundays '. 9 55, 11 22, 2 39', 7 30,9 18.10 18. dSatui J,...ys only. baturaays excepted. Glasgow--520.9 7U550,12 25. 2 10,4 50 965 Sf ays 987 Golborne--5 45. 76.8 35. 1055, lg 25. 1 15,3 SC. 20 714 .8 55. 8 inlays 8 43. 60. BoaglauGreen-7 12, 757. 831, 95, a 9 30, 10 8. 12 0, 15' 2 10,4 0.5 298 15.7 15.8 0.9 25,5 9 40, alo 25.6undav 90,9 31 11 22,39, 918. aSaturdays only 63 sturdays excepted, Want aiad Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 82, 7 10, 916 orindaya g 45, 10 14. 3 15, 5 15. 9.35. Latchford—From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 2Z. EC. S 35, 9 0 5• 8. 10 49, 12 36. 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.518,6 13. 76. a 7 45 ° 27. Sundays 850, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. ~, Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)--3 54. 5 5 25. 75 35,8 .35 ,1125,10 55,12 7,12 25.2.35 3 405 20, 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. qilnday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43. 3 28, 510 60, 9 84. From High Level Platform. ailiondaYa excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 109 1 55. 320,5 15. 8 17,8 0. 9 13. Sundays 95, .2 40, 80 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 1026. 120. 1.3 2 10. 2 21. 3 37. 40. 64, 8 10. 9 11, 9 4D, 10 20 11 20j1 49. Sundays 4 30, 530.90. 9 55.11 22,2 80,2 39. 710, 2• 8, 9 12,10 18, 10 43 On week days trains rug hourly to 4iverpcol at 50 Tainures past the hour. ~Lonaon (L. IN. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10. 8 28, 9 45,10 20. 1 5,2 U 5 20, 6 22,1134. undays 258.10 15,4 6,11 35, ccdays excepted. allondays only. !▪ 'onion (61idland)-5 61,8 48. 9 58, 11 37,12 55, 3 14a. 5 22. 611 se. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m.. aSaturdays Y. &Mondays accepted. I,,t.Ymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22,8 0.8 35. 9 0,9 55 11.'49.12 35, 114 a 2 23, 3 38. 4 11. 5 113. 613, 7 8. 47 45. 927 -41tdays 850. 3 8 812. aSatutdays only 1 9 Banchester (L. & N.-W.) 545. 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 719, 10 4).10 65,12 18.12 25,115, 2 29332, 426 6, 32, 6 43, 8 8,9 20. li 5). Sundays 312. 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. • Frsm High Level Platform. 9 „laanchester (From Arpley Station)— 617 7 22, 7 57. 832 u. 958. 1049. 1 14, 3 38. 411. 613. 78. 927, 1140, 'sltdays 8 50. 3 8. 8 12,11 42 . _Blanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755. 8 2855, 92, 955 ,tu 55 II 23,11 55, 1255. 156,2 55. 3 55, 4 554 22 5 56. 6 55. 10,7 ss 8 13, 8 55.9 15, 965, Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 • 3 165j5. 7 19,8 65 9 25 9 35. 10 0. Alkoidocil_el c 4011.77 40, 10 20. 2 55, 5 35,7 20, a.l4re 10 2%12 10, 1 5.2 55.5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15

4"w4fin-le-Wlllows 83 10. 5 45,7 5, 8 6, 2 35,a9 19. 10 20 -1,0 10 5512 25, 1 15,2 69, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 414. 520. 643, 5 20. 955. 1030. Sundays 843 aln 3 35. 525. 14 0.7 57. 4a via Rell von b Vondays excepted 5 ,44Rate—/ 0, 7 65, 82. 840. 10 35.11 23. 1220. 1 40,3 55 .0.7 10, 8 1.3, 9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 7 44.5 15. 935 4 Preslon-5 24 545. 8 35. 955, 115). 12 25, 210, 350 628 7 17, 850. 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60. • aSaturdays only. '4,leorn-7 30, 825, 9 45, 10 9, 1. 55. 3 20. 5 1, 6 17, 3 0, a linkey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56. 95,10 5, 1.1. 5. 12 0 1 5 A(1.2 58, 4 0. 5 29,6 15, 7 5, 8 10, 9 25, a 9 40 /PIO 25, Sundays 1127, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays exeeptsd I.Satrdays bly, cMo days only. (C.L.e.) t,heilleld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-3 45 10 55 .4. 2b5 3 14,4 7. 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 6 15. Helens— 7 5, 85, 8 35. lt .3. 1.0 55. 1.1. 53. 12 7 2 35 3 40. 520, 633, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 3? Sundays 43.6 0.9 54 I ,tuthport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 33, 11 2. 125 44,5 6, 6 15.7 15,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855. aSaturdays aly. 15. 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 68,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, 411, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays. 8 CO, 3 8, 812. '',..4!4rdays only. From Arpley Station. a 71dnes (Cheshire Lines) —7 56. 95 V., 5 11 5. 120. 15, 258, 40. 529. 6 15, 75,8 10, 925. al, 40, .LC 25. 8.411. NZ' 9 0,931, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. &Saturdays q'4ldrios (L. and N.-W-) —7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1: 53,1 55, 6 15,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 95, 2 40. 80. 5 20.5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,10 55.11 50,12 25. n. 210 a.s., 3 50,1 50,5 20. 6 28.7 17.8 53.9 43,9 tif dc,.cti.73.6 43, 6 O. 95a.

TO WAIZRINGTON FROM.

Arto 3) n 13,110 e -6 30, 7 40, 8 52. 10 57, 12 0..; 35. 4 43,7 23 Sundays 7 55, 4 42. kites,- and Hillhouse -11 26, 12 41,2 45. 718 LI 24, 9 57, "Undaye 920. 2 21,8 22. aSaturdays excentetf• Airminxham (L. & (4. W.)-3 10.550 720 11, 12 23. 2 as al 40 5 50.7 25..undays 310. 1240, 7 0, aThursdays only liirsningham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42, 860 11. 48. la, 2 45, 45.6 50,1034 n 19, Sunday 4 15, ans 40. 11 14 p.r: 814ckburn-8 30.10 48, 12 30, 1 55, 3 47, 755 Sonaa vs, 39 '3 8 540, a 9 13. a via Proton 'Blackpool (Talbot Road) -85, 955, 1040. 11 42 1 15, 3 15. 5 7.; 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 5 12. 8 ly2.41(Dool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.9 10,10 0,11 25, I 1., 2 55. a 15. Sundays 7 10. 1 15.4 57,8 25. a lerw..l a: 9on baturdays /"11^11-5 55, 5,41 7 55, 835. 9 10. 10 2.5. 1 5. 7. 15. 415 rl•5 --ssi 835 a 10 50. Sundays 815 a.tu., 65. 9 2.5 p.m. a ettluritsys only' Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45. 12 53, 1 40, 4 22. 5 55, 42.8undays 12 5 a.m.. 20. 8 41.allouIt' s excepted. a Chester-7 25.8 45. 940. 10 12, 10 50,11 40. 1 55. IC. 3 0 613.5 10,5 15. 6 35, 735,800.8 50. Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 .30.6 55 Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24. 11 23. 12. 33 sa. 2 10. 35, 4, 1.5 38 6 23. 6 36, 7 47, 96. 10 46. du riday Crewe- 4 45. 60.6 30,8 13,9 23, 11 1.5, 11 2'5. 5 5 415 54.5 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 4 55. 7 13, 245 4 13.9 21 Daresbury -8 16, 1027. 11 Z 7. 2 52, .1: .t 3 3 ;3. A.M. 7 45 p.m. Derby-8 12, 9 35. 10 25.1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47, 75,3 7, 935 .15:1e1ays 33,5, 7 30. 6 24, 6 55. il4 <cep" 113-1 Ism Usilestown-6 58, 7 13. 846. 920. 945. 10 26, 11 25 42 12 50,1 42, 4 13. 314. 5 15. 5 52, 6 3) 7 33. 8 920 'l2 36 nl2 o.Stmdays 33,9 62,9 57,10 0,5 45.7 244. Satutday only. lilddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95. 9 43. 12 3 2. 9. 30 ° 4. 6 2,6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 2.2 57, 51. D. rOdslam-7 55 91.10 1. 11 11, 238, 4 11. 6 36. 5 57, 831 •sUadi..i6 56.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Gariton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80, 93, c, to.. 48-ii -O. 551 ii. 3 2, 4 49. 5 6 5 53, 6 7249 1. Smoky* 4. 9 10, 2 40. 39,4 42, 651. 6 54. 0,21, 5 55. Sundays 5 51. .t k4olborne-6 44, 3 26, 10 12, 12 28 a, 41. 4 Z? 530 7 15 / 1442 Sundays 9 40. 75. hough, Green-7 45. 8 15, 99,103. 10 55, 1.9 30 222 5 21, 673 11,7 38,9 15. Sundays 8 23, 9 20, • . 5,9 a 9 10. „Itlstn and Cadishead (Centrat)-7 35 53.5 5. a Jo. 11 30 •snuays 1059. 6 53. 8 40. 10 0. 3,latchtord - 8 14. 840 9 29,10 2 11. I_6_, 20. _al 46. 211 k 4 22.55 41, 67, 6 49, 7 49. 942 11 2.• Sundays 23 23. aSatutdays only. b6atur2ays egoopted. Liver 1 (Ina Barlestown)-a2 55, 617 50, 8 0.8 35.9 25 7'1,9,11 80,1. 5. 1 30, 30, 4 50, 5 35,77 5.3 25, 11 15. suaday 9 20. 6 30. a dondays only. Haturdays onl7. Widnes (L• & N • 25,8 20. 95. 9 57, 02 30, 125 z. s • 35 4 20. 5 20,6 5,8 30, alO 45, Sundays 733. 2 10.7 15 1;-• turdays only z-4iverp',34o (cheshlre Unes)--5.20. 7 10, 7 40.8 23. 457, 8 40 3• 935 10 30, 11 15,11 20, 11 AO. 1160 1230. I 0. 1 30 1.33 30...3 40 3 50 4 :40, 455 5 30,5 36, 6 35,7 30, 6 30. 858. "130 ui,,sys 7 50,9 0, 2 30.2 50 420 630, 30.8 35, 940 , i)ndon (L N W)-5 15 7 19. 10 lel2 to, 215 4 15, 5 Sundflys 10 0, 5 30, 12 0. 1:41,10T01141,,,,,i)-5 15. 9 0.10 5.12 IC '4O 40. 5 0. 6 45 120, Sun ays 3 /5,12 0, aexcept Mondays „4111-8 7, S 32, 9 20, 9 54, 11 8, 11.1, al 37..2 5 251 3 k,5 '9,6 41, 7 41, 9 33,11 19. Sunda It 8 1'3,2 23 7 15 ),,75 only. bSaturdays excepted. 12 ,11chestet (L & 11.-W.)-7 46, 85, 3 30, 99 40 10 45 g 1.05 35, 2 40, 345. 420. 5 15. 60. 75. 80. ft 20. 10 40 4i''',l74 80, 8 30, 0, 60,10 40 Saturdays oscillated. Fhester (London-road)-7 25.750,9 3.5. 10 35, 12 32 1 5a 938 x 440. b 5 5, 520, 65,75. 855. 1048 Sundays 30 1 40, m "'Alii-dnys excepted. aSatiirdays only. aaa'lehpeter (cheihir.. Lineo -6 45, 720, 830. a 9 .5, 93) 49' P,30. 10 35 11 30.12 so, 12 50 1 3). 2 30, 330. 4 30,. u, ",,," 40, 6 3u, 6 33. '1 30 8 30. 8 35,1`; 0, 110. Sunday. ,r,l„ - 2 o,z 5, 635 8 20, 9 40.0 Saturdays only 48, 2 39, 66. "re---6 56.96. :it 9,112 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.Sundays.8 13,4 91 oe.V,t_4n -6 55.7 25.8 42, 98.9 29. 10 9.10 22,11 8, 1.2 38.1246 .155 74 7,4 51.5 10, 535 549. 6 27.7 70. 80. 915 14. 11 47, undays 3... 949, 10 0,3 40. .20 11 at pa„,.°03.4 Only .411,14- 78. 7 48, 8 28, 90. It.,' 14. 25. ..undwys 853. 11 •••1 232,912 9 51, 3 .3. v3l .10 le 11 15. 23. ,4 191(3:47t*- 9 45. 10 40. Sundays 29. q 55. 30, 41C• 43 25 excepted 49, -14 839, 91.910 15, 12 30. 125. 32,• s' 41 623 40. a 63 71,8. 8 31. 9 37. 10 00.11 24. 1276. ' 1911 84'3,. 4 35. 5 21.5 31, 6 'l2, 7 26, 8 69 32. Sumbs,73, -8 37 1,,14441e7. 1 55. 55,7 0; 29. 13rids74, 810 rd. 3,8 only, 723 4,l:n*-6 20 65s 80.828.90. 10 5. 11 10. 11. 20, 12 6 53, e`'• 2 50 4 30,5' 25,6 10.6 55.7 25, d 50 10 30 6...lanay " 35 6 5 outh . 5, 95. 54 9 41(r 5. 10 10,11 13.12 25 25, 237. 3 65. 7 0,8 5 , 4 2 imdays, 9 0, 2 0. 8 0, aSaturdaya only. 7 ;•5 a 10. 8 36, 9 25, 9 58, 1112. 1 15.1 41. 2 9 25 63 845,7 45, 937, 11 23. SullaaY 8 19. 229 4 2 (Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 2.5, 1010, IL 12,12 25 .4„3,24 425 5 12, 6 18, 716 7 53, 922 11 40. -Sun 't07,14-.° 30, 50, 9 1.0 9 20. a Saturdays only. Se; 68 L & IN)._ 76 g 56, 933 1033, .11 55, 12 57 21 : 2. 55. 5 55. 6 46. 96, 11. 6, Sutdays, '3 14. 200 ißat, _2 ' 6...47 254 33.2 15, 926 9• 56. 10 0. 11 22. 12 16. -3 11 13 5 20, 66, 75 90,13 30. Sundays

5-0 a.m.

LO-30 ~

I -10

i 121

235 PMI•

5-30 1 °

RECEIVING HOINF.— Itarleetown

8 lin-OFFICES • "As hton Collins Green "Golborne Lim t on StUbehrov Cross... Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOInAI Crow Lane, Newton 1 Neveteg Common (Near the Racecourae) Railway Station (Newton Bridge, Presto:in Junction Chorchost, Golborne [ Lech Street. o. I Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan Village Burton wood (Providence Place)! parcels are despatched I town at 9 a.rn. and 6 p.m time as letters.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
mese, acd

Emulsioki ry cougti ngs almost yetem, it me chronic

in most )re import' an it is to pecifics. wad easiest I:ll3osphiteo vantage in th of bone, I digestion, b the oil in brio r ptiop • ri an3Prnia, ott's EmUl' an be used

nulsion Scott and ,95, Great to nagie tuulsion.

R'S E ON. IGH R LD

===== 0002601_19010419_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
-

I

aterproofer ccrfl b 113323. 5 , al the lestOt, allows pollOP HICaIOSI D. o/ P't IroxmanCa; 7ry Duivfie _

===== 0002601_19010419_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LEG

perhapl that when 't it leaves YOU hare me tried. 'er, but go haps your 1. the same lay be dia. disease, if C power to Vitals and a hopelesia > not, for 1 1. Because . Send at. BERT, 73. !eive a bo% acertain IVA Knee,' nada, and,

I

I

; GREAlt"la OON ed Verized, the Latinivel 1 ,artlng 'eV'

t - Laces, Wider t stick to ,Prif, like mate,4 tried , Used I Laull.l% be olev. in Facile"' Cure' „7 LEG • !BIS. ,w and Solve £5. 5C)j of• )rn £2 I.lS.riet olessie

KOTE OD proms te tins three inywhere LEA Cc', _.....!„---

S'y /IEINII.too Stock. voo band. ILY 0-140 t teed te Fits

) (19taod• st.zed ISO

===== 0002601_19010419_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
. . A, : \ ..)

RUNCORN FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. Pts, Sept. For Agst 1. Barrow horse 10 5 8 Swinton 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens away 11 0 29 Millom away 5 0 Oct. 6 Oldham home 6 2 13 Widnes away 0 10 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 40 27 Warrington home 10 8 Nov 3 Stockport away 5 0 10 Cheshire v Cumberland, Cheshire 11 3 17 Wigan . home 34 5 24 Bal'ord away 10 11 Deo. 1 Barrow away 4 8 8 i- heshire v Lancashire Cheshire 0 30 15 Stockport home 17 2 22 Wigan away 5 0 28 Warrington away 2 0 29 Leigh borne 15 0 1901.

Jan. 1 BI kenbead Wanderers borne 19 3 5 Rochdale Hornets away 8 0 . _

12 Millom home 22 8 19 Leigh away 3 0 26 ftlford home 4 ' 0 Feb 9 Broughton Rangers away 2 7 16 St. Helens home 5 0 23 Oldha a . away 3 11 Mar, 2 Wigan Cup tie home 18 0 9 Leigh Cup tie home 18 4 13 Swinton home 14 3 16 Bi. kenhead Wanderer.... away 11 0 23 York Cup tie 2l 0 SO Bley 4.. up tie Ara 6 Widnes horns 13 3 8 Roohdale.Horneta

WIDNES FIRST TEAM. -- FIXTURES AND SCORES.• 1900. 1-ts S,pt. For Agat 1 Warrington home 3 6 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow borne 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 Leigh h,:ne 2 3 04.

6 Snlford 13 Iturlern Vome 10 0 27 Rochdale Hornets away 0 13 Nov.

3 WArrlngron(S.W.LAß.T.Cupo.)iw37 7 20 Ilrocghton ttariger3 linme 11 17 17 01 hATII 24 Stockport home 5 0 Pee.

1 Wnrrington RAVAV 7 10 15 Swin on home 2 37 22 MOlom away 0 0 29 St. Helene Lorne 8 0 1901. Jan.

5 (.I.lham home 2 .6 12 Broughton Uangers away 3 2) 19 Barrow away 0 7 26 11111 om home 2 0 Feb.

_ 9 St. yielPn. .,awAy 5 18 11...ehda1e Hornets iIPMA 8 23 Salford Lorne 5 • Mar.

2 -Whitehaven Rees. Cep Tie home 3 0 g :.unelot Cup Tie home 8 0 16 b took port, away 0 13 23 141,-kt-nhead Wanderere 33 O'dham Cup Ile 0 8 Mull.

6 Runcorn avow 0 26 8 VVlgin hon., 6q 15 St. Helene test match

Volunteer Firing Practice

On Saturftay member,' of —the Warringtm bows- lion assembled at Alte.ir in strong force for Govern- ment cla.s firing and collective prscfice, under the direction of Captain 0 R,oroF,fiald and Lieutenant G Haslam, Who were asqi+ted by Sergeant-Malor Rawlinson and Sergeant-Instructora Barker and Nichols'. The mounted infantry end cyclists com- panies were included in this detachment.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERINS

Bngland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Fsodsham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire !nester. Liverpool. Blritenhea4,l iouthport Present...Wigan; Orme- :cirk Wido & Earlesioun L orlon, Foreigo, and the South o I -Hand Counties & South Wales Preston, Nor.h Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Midland Counties Law asldre, Runcorn, Crewe, Chea- ter. Wales, and Ireland Illasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Pastern, Midland, Northern, iNstern Countic r, & Lancashire Croft, Faclgate. W 'Piston, Stockton Heath and Stretton Lochion & Foreign, South, and Bast in Counties .. . .........

10-35 am

433 p.m.

9-55 %.m. NII. Ni!. Ni!. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
6S FOLLOWS:-

I To I By I Callers. J Postmen 7-0 a.m.,

7-0 a.m. h-30,. 10.45. 11-30

11-30 a.m.

1- 12-0 .

12-15 u. .

2-15 . } 3-15 .

3-15 non.

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
p.m the North British Rubber

===== 0002601_19010419_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
under Dartlett* l'atant.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
•00000000000006000000 0600600000000006

•••••••••••••••*00•••000•0,6400e•••••;;

WO Frrii A. GUINEA A BOX.

Jif 1 , , ,-..k. ... ,A FOR ALL _ BILIOUS ei NERVOUg DISORDERS i Sick IlleadarAe. Consti t ~ I

pa

-WI

,nd

===== 0002601_19010419_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ion,

Weak Stomach; *paired aigestioll, Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Pr-pareci emly.,by the Proprietor, THOMAS' TizE6ii.iii;Slleleuq, Las.cashii•e', ji I I (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold.every-where.

-

___. .... 7 fr3,,,c - (nk , '''. ' t,.. .o,:igs 1' . Itt i. , p T!! .0 , !A t„. , I u- . • i_. . : "v.,: .. t. -r. .....,; ir,.. . U7,erin• nu gran, tt is 111 GM'S of Rplinswff whet, wr•try ~ . - •. . '-'.., ,ece 44. (141, ana I. to. roc,/ Pr.*. I. ,•,..r.ccl! . . c '‘'. -.:-..:. „.•.„,-. , c1f„..50 93, 33}1p....9..t2:.. thLti.) 'ma, • .. . . _

WATCH A OkAIN FOR ONE RA'

Pb 7. ..d Girl.

ILA tRb WATCH,

cihtilm for tailing at Fivei full addre.ga, mci r.tlrn mall, and woo me'.' paid, and lArto "V 47,0 p ['leo! r

:DR. DE. ROOS COMPOUND Ite.NAL PILLS re justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe And speedy remedy for -.Pnins:,,ln the Back. Gray. 4, Lurt3h4gn, - font, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loin s, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder, Diechrrues. and rtimipsivs.s..s..6sAblawtfrivp Diseases cr the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generailY: manyeornpiaints. supposed to he nervous, olctla -Arise boinly The well known vitalizing effects 0 from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the I. ilrieys livery of a cup of strong Cr,fies can be package bar, the GovernMent stamp, wl.h the ' words, .tIVALTRR OH ROO -., LONDON." thetwm by order of ' . ,secured directly by using Syrnivan's her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price 'h. 13/41 and • 13 2s. 91. at all MP.1i,1710 lio,nes. or po.t, free from Pruptinnors Edinburgh Coffee ESSOnCe. liolfora linear, Holroret-sqnare, 1.66,1 ‘Z, ' W.V. ,-.--",./71: • 76 aL.4. i.A...1;._,r, pit lielOWEAtelyit.l494Aielly%lll,% _ .

Arb kt*

. . v I.:. + • 0111,1,1, ~ ~... _,. ___ _.._ _ ' Ki.!..:.2::?.7;•T5:'::- r... i . Ar .i.er" tact ' ~...1-1Y ' -,,e • Ai Ad, I. ,

'5 RONK

eau get a NUJENI, , also • CAI' ; sad dozen pact..gee of irepeoce each_ Beat you, includlitg wane of Co,nty. , Wlfl fhrward the Blaine,' ,mlum Ilet. No mow, Co. 'Department /11 , sat plOrlfOod. L• 014011. L.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I- I

ro fl

===== 0002601_19010419_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST INT

THE BUDGET.

War Expenditure.

In Parlivry-nt y•aterday the Ch%nrellor of the Exchequer Rai 1 hit the total exoenclirure laet year was £183,592,000, of which over £63,000,000 went to the war. _ _ .

Sir M Pscimxted he deficiency of this year at £53,347 000.

Budget at a Glance.

The Chancellor proposes to rnret the deficiency by the following proposals : Twopence on the income-tax, making is 23 alto- gether. A duty oa sugar. On refined sugar 4421 per cwt ; on raw sugar dimini:hing in certain proportion to 2s per ewt. Fixed duty on molasses of 2s per cwt. A duty of is 8d per cwt on glucose. The proposal with regard to glucose was put for- ward tentatively, and he was prepared to hear rep- resentations on the subject. He estimated that the sugar duty would yield £5,100,000 this year, after allowing for three weeks that had gone. No increase on wine, or tea, or tcbacco. Export duty of is a ton on coal. The duty on coal is expected to produce £2,100,000.

Shipowners by devoting more bunker space to coal, and less to cargo, could escape the duty. The increasson income tax and the duties on sugar and coal would yield altogether eleven millions. He again proposed to suspend the Sinking Fund, and there, therefore, would be the deficit of 39 millions.

It was proposed to borrow 60 millions. Arrangements were made that if the Transvaal prospered in the future, ,bat country should bear a portion of the cost of the war. Be seeka power to borrow on Console. Death of Lady Newton.

The Dowager Lady Newton died on Wednesday evening at 20, Belgra ye Sq Aare, London, of pneu- monia. The deceased lady was the daughter of the yen. Charles Wodehouse, irchdeacon of Norwich, and married in 1356 the first Baron Newton, who died in 1893. Lady Newtan had a residence at Lyme Park, Stockport. An Election Libel.

A Liberal Candidate Obtains £3OO Damages against Messrs. M'Corquodale and Co. In the King's Bench Divson, ,esterday, the hear- ing was resumed of the action for damages brought by Mr. J. VV. Bean, L.C.C., against M'Corquodale and Company, printers. The libel was contained in a pamphlet. the name .4f the writer of which could not be ascertained. The libel, which was admitted, was that Mr Bann was in favour of fat pensions to wealthy people, that at the St. George's election petition proceedings he was disqualified from ever sitting in Parliament, that he was a representative of social disorder, a fact which was app.rent from the class of people who gave evidence on his side during the petition, and that his evidence on that occasion was all moonshine, The pamphlet was circulated just before the polling day at Bermond- sey during the last election, where Mr Bean was a candidate. H. was defeated by three hundred

votes. The jury returnel a yr rd.c: for plaintiff, damages £3OO. Judgment accordingly.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Despatch from Lord

Kitchener.

British Forces in Co-operation. Successful Marches by PI umer and

Douglas.

The War Office yesterd ty issued the following despatch from Lord Kitchener:— Pretoria, 17th April, 9.25 p.m. On General Kitchener's advance from Lydenhurg enemy blew up " Long ' Pieces found. Thirteen prisoners. Another columa under Colonel D 31.14113 nocupied Dultstroono. Six Boers killed. Plumer occupied Btthfont. Thirteen prisoners, 21 rifles, six boxes ammunition. Elliat's division in Orange River Colony have brought in large amount of cattle.

The South Lancashire's Casualties. The War Office on Monday night issued the follow- ing : South Lancashire Regiment.—Lieutenant G: D. Ewart was severely injured (fracture of clavicle) at Vrvheid on April 6th. He is progressing favourably. At Springfontein, April 13th.—lst South Lancashire Regiment: 5,802 Lance-Corporal Barnfather, enteric fever.

Cheshire Volunteers on their Way Home. The War Office announces that the under-mentioned officers and men are on passage home in the Tagus. which sailed for England April 10th, due Southampton April 28th :—Volunteer Company. Cheshire Regiment— S Thornley, Lieutenants J Rates and .1 Crofton, and 102 men. First Liverpool Regiment—Major 9 Wiloochs. The Death of Trooper Collinge. On Sunday the Earlestown prize band attended divine service at St John's Chureh in memory of the death of Trooper Collinge of the 32nd Company of Imperial Yeo minty whe died from wounds received in the actien at Zeekoe River on April 6th. The band played the " Dead March "on the way to the Church, and there was a . .

_ large congregation. The service was conducted by the Rev J C Matthews who introduced berthing of the burial service, and. suitable hymn was succ at the close. Mr Harrieon the organist played the 'Dead March on the organ. The deceased trooper was a a member of the band, and also a church worker.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A Runcorn Man's Opinion of the C.l.V.'s.—lnteresting Facts.

Lance-Corpl. Caulfield, of the let Royal Monster Fusiliers, General Paget's Brieade, writes from Brook- horst Soruit. Transvaal. to his parents at Runcorn, under date March 14th, 1991. " I am quite sick of fhia war, and goodness knows how soon it will be over. I auPpose the public thinks the war is over now the C,l.V.'s. are at biome. Its enough to make the ordinary Tommy cry to read the papers cracking the C.l.V.'s. up. I. as well as my comrade 4, would like to know if there have not been any other volunteers wbo have fought for their country, and given up homes and situa- tione, besides the C.I.V 's. I ask in the name et my comrades, "what have the Lord Mayor'S Own done out here, more than any other volunteer? " The 'Graphic' Publiahed a Onto of the C.l.V.'a. showing all their backs with the reading. "What the Boers never saw." We would very much like to know haw they retired, when they got the command to do so? Did they walk backwards ? I certainly do not think much of our people at home, who created such a atir ever the C.I.V-'s. return. If they have done their work better than any other volunteers, why have they been sent home first, especially SR the country is in such an unsettled state ? By the papers. they have the credit of finishing the war. If so ashy are the rern.inder of us left out here? Volun- teers and regulars are fighting every day. As regards the C I.V.'a roughing it. they never knew what it was to be hungry, thev never had eight rm. of " Flout ' served out to them for a dap's rationcafter coming of a hialg and weary mareh;"hey never slept out on the open veldt without a hisnket or a coat to cover them when it I was fret Zing hard. But Paget'a volunteers did. The C.l.V.'s

never had to manta without trousers er boo's. I saw a volunteer with only an old potato sack tied around him and another poor fellow with pieceti of raw bide, tied with ening to keep his feet I rom the hard rough ground Just a few concluding questions. I believe a C.I.V. has been recommended for the Victoria Cross, for filling water bottles under are. Now I wonder does it ever strike the peopl at home that the Si me thing had to be done by ourselves scores of tin:mi, but we had to do it without being chierved, or we should have got a court martial for leaving the ranks. At Rhenoster Kop,a few ' weeks ago, there was only a small pool f water. The Boers concentrated their fire on this pool ; yet men went with their lyirtles for wat.r, which had to be got for ;he vioundtd. Yet none of thorn got the V.C. Let honour be given here honour is due, and there will be less bitter feeling amongst all ranks.

Pensions for Wounded Soldiers. At the first general meeting of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Help Society (Snath West Lancashire branch), held under the presidency of Earl Dc•rtv at Liverpool on Friday, the bon secretary, Captain Hughes, vx- plained that the obje, t of the society was to help invalided soldiers and sailors who bad fought for their , , King and country, by money grants and employment. South-a eit Laneanhire had to a grelt extent been , mapped out, and a number of gentlemen had undertaken ,1 to look after these, and see that respectable and time- r expired soldiers and railors did not drift into the work— hou.se, but were found work if they could do it, or help them with funds Thus, the Earl of Lathom bad under- taken to lock after the Ormskirk district, Dr Bates would look after St Helens, Colonel Filzherbert attended to Warringtoe, and Canon Mitchell to Prescot, and there were a r umber of helpers for smaller districts. The Earl of Derby warned the society against overlapping, and said be believed the Government intended be pen- sion all the soldiers wounded in the war, though he did not think that applied to invalided men as well. A com- mittee was appointed o cover the work in Liverpool ; the rest of the business was left over until the society has been organized.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF WORK AT WARRINGTON. Lady Greenall Performs the Opening Ceremony.

In Kendrick-street schoolroom. Warrington on Mon- day afternoon, the annual sale of work in aid of several parochial crgan.zations connected with St Paul's parish was held. The promoters were fortunate ira securing Lady Greenall to perform the opening ceremony—the first duty of the kind she has performed in Warrington. Amongst thosA present were :—Mrs Lyon, Mrs if amont the Mayoress (Mrs H Roberts), the Rev Canon and Mrs Willis, Mr Robert Davies, Mrs Sharp, Mrs Henry Greensll, Mr Charles White, Mrs F W M.,nks, Mrs Sear Owen, Mrs C)rnber, and several local clergymen. The aentlemm on the platform were : The Et,..,v E R. Tar buck. vicar, Mr Davies, Alderman Sutton, Mr lore B Davies, Mr Robson .1 Charley (vicar's warden), Mr J H bmethurst (people's warden),Mr James Richardson (one of the lay representatives), and Mr A a Burgess, (one of the aidesmen. _ _ .

The stalls had been tastefully arranged, and the best use possible aas made of the limited space. The following is a list of the stallholders :—No 1 stall, Mrs Gibson Smith, Mrs Robson Cnorley, Mrs Lord, Mrs .1 D Buckton, Mrs Werrall, and the Misses D Reid and Upton No 2 stall, the Misses Geddes and Mrs Elepherd. No 3 stall, Mrs James Richardson, Mrs Hankinson, Mrs T Truslove,and the Misses Richareson.No 4 staletee Misses Finney, Mrs Parker, and Miss Carter. No 5 stall, the Missses Lythgoe, Craik, A-laurst, and Mrs Thomas. N.) 6 stall, Miss Ilsatrice Cooke and Miss Mary Rhodes. Vicarage stall, Mrs Tarbuck, Mrs J Fl Sine:hurst, Mrs Chantry, Mrs James Lawton. Mrs Lindley,Mrs T Locker, and the Misses Theakstone, Ethel Pierpoint and Dean. Flower stall, the Misses Rethbone and Wainwright. B. freshrnent stall, Mies Westwell, taira G Braide, Mis Beesley-,MrslPreary-eand the Misses Hilda Houghteo,Ada Smethurst Lizzie Picton, and Lily Rogers. Working- men's stall, the Rev ER Tarbuck. Mrs F Parsonage,Miss Snelson, Mr Charles Hamilton. The Misses Chantry and Hankinson were in charge of the bran pie. A patchwork quilt was on view and bad been worked by the members of the G.F.S. The VICAR. in the course of a few introductory re- marks, said they must consider themselves very fortu- nate in having the pleasure of seeing Lady Greenall amongst them, remembering that the family with which she was now connected bad always in the history of his predecessors evinced the keenest interest in St Paul's parish. They were also grateful for the fact, whether Lady Greenall was responsible or not, that she had brought Quetn'slweather with her. At any rate it was a fact that the announcement that she would open the sale had encouraged their supporters to do their utmost ,to be present, and he hoped they would empty their pockets in the good cause. That it WAS a good cause, , woc:1 he thought, go without further saying when he mentioned the fact that they required for their cur- rent expenses, and to raise a small amount towards the endowment fund each year, no less a sum than £1,200. That the work was worthy of supyprt would be under- stood when he gave it as his experieoce that the eu- thusiasm and self-denial of the members of the church and their supporters increased year after year. They very heartily welcomed Lady Greenall, and he was sure all present would join with him in thanking her very heartily for so kindly consenting to open the sale. They also wished her the best of all wishes on her recent marriage. Ho would now ask her to open the ale' (Applause.) Lady GBEENALL, who load a cordial receptior, said it was a very great pleasure to her to come amongst them that afternoon to open the sale of work. She was sure they would not wish her to say much, but she hoped they were all eager to buy the beautiful things she Saw around her on the various stalls. It was a very great pleasure to her to declare the site open, and to wise it every success. (Applause), r Mr. Roneae DAVIES said he was very thankful and proud to be able to meet his friends in St. Paul's Parish once more. As the late Sir Gilbert Greenall was cue of his oldest friends, he thanked Lady Greenall for her pre, seine, and hoped elle Would Melte it One of the family traditions ef. Walton Hall that there never should be an Easter meeting of that description in connection with St. Paul's without the family being represented. (Hear, hear.) He had to thank Sir Gilbert for kindly consent- ing to join the board of trustees of th church. Sir Gilbert, was not, he was told, able to be present on that occasion. rhat was a source of regret, but be hoped they would be able to educate him better as begot older. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Without detaining them too much he Should like to say a few words on another matter. When he was a boy at school he was taught that the population of Warrington was 15,000. He was expecting the remits of the present census to be some- thing like 70,000. He had had a talk with Mr Terbuck, and they had been considering what responsibilities lay upon Warrington in connection with the Church of England and education generally. He believed it would not be very long before there would be one universal education rate for the whole of the realm. Its Germany that was the case. The religious difficulty was managed ia some way there, and surely they in England could manage it also. The cost of education should be raised by a fund, and the religious part of the question, which was said to be difficult, could be left to their management as a corn- monsenee people. He believed they would manage it very well. If the money could be provided the other riart would be well managed. He was sorry to learn from a Manchester paper that morning that they had many uneducated people even in Warrington. From the annual report of the Registrar-General of &VW, Deaths aed Marriages in England in 1699, he found that there was a little reflection upon Warrington. It said that among the persons who married, 50 per 1,000 of the husbands and 165 per 1,000 of the wives were miome— that was under 21 years of age. Improvident marriages no doubt accounted for a great deal of the distress which existed. Among the districts which showed a large I Proportion of illiterate brides and bridegrooms were Dudley, Wigan, Warrington, and Manchester. War- rington was thus one of the four mentioned, and he hoped all present would in their private capacity assist those who were working so hard to tare that reproach from them. (Hear, hear.) They did not want at Ail events to appear to have so many illiterates. He begged to propose a vote of thanks to Lady Greenall for bar services on that oecaidon. (Applause.) Alderman SUTTON seconded the vote of thanks. With Mr Tarim* bethought they were very fortunate in having secured the services of Lady Greenall to open their sale of work. They were greatly honoured ;in feet, that was, be believed, the first time her ladyship had performed that function in Warrineton since her ' marriage. He was sorry her husband was not able to be present, because it would have afforded him (the speaker) the pleasure of telling him most decisively how fortunate he was and bow thankful he ouPht to be in having obtained such an excellent wife. (Hear, hear.) De was sure that if Sir Gilbert would follow her example and be guided by her, the less of the late Sir Gilbert Greenall would not be An keenly felt as it was at the present time. He hoped Sir Gilbert and his wife would be spared to live amongst them for many years. (Ap- plause.) The motion was heartily agreed to. BaainPss th.n commenced, and Was continued until late in the evening, The pr.sleeds eitcepri.4 Chose of any previous year, the handsome sum of £264 6s lid losing realised.

Lancashire County Asylums. A conference of renresentatives of Lancashire county boroughs was held at the Manchester Town Hall on Tuesday in relation to the basis of contri- bution to the county asylums. It was resolved to promote bill in Parliament to alter the basis of contribution towards the expenditure of the Asylums Board so as to adopt the principle of user in lieu of the principle of rateable value with an added sum. When risking f•-,r 03^na, insist on having CADBURY'S Sold only in Packets and Tins, as of,her CO•3O‘S areetten sobati tutslfcr the es.ke of extra profit—advt. (1)

===== 0002601_19010419_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
nu EXAMINER FRWAY, APRIL 19 1901.

aware of his shortcomings than he. It was, however, a I great satisfaction to him to feel and know that they had been sati.fod with his condact of the business. If it had , given them the satisfaction they said it had he was doubly satisfied. Be was very gratified to find that the gentlemen who had sookPo thought so highly of him and what he had been able to do with regard to the Council, He had pleasure in accept:ng the appointment, and would continue to do the utmost his ability allow, d him It had been a pleasure to him to be chairman. Be had received every kindriPss and support, and had not had one unp:easant moment during the year. He only hoped to continue to rPoeivP their suonort and appreciation.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARISH COUNCIL MEETINGS.

The!wall.

The quarterly meeting of the Thelwall Parish Council was herd in the National Schoolroom Thel wall on Mon- day evening. There were present :—Mr Norman Taylor (in the chair), Admiral Jones Parry, and Messrs Hatton, H Roebuck, P Warburton, W Houghton, George Astall, and W B Cook (clerk).—Mr Astall proposed and Mr Warburton seconded, that Mr Taylor be chairman ; Admiral Jones Parry moved, and Mr Taylor seconded, that Mr Hatton take the chair, and Mr Hatton proposed Admiral Jones Parry, for the reason that he:was a mem- ber of the Rural District Council and would be able tie represent them en the Council. Mr Houghton seconded and the names were put to the meett...e. Mr Taylor received four votes, and Admiral Jones 'arty and Mr Hatton three each. Mr Taylor was tli r •fore elected and took the chair.—Mr Roebuck was elected vice- chairman, on the proposition of Admiral Jones Parry, seconded by Mr Hatton.—The overseers, Messrs Astall, and Houghton, were unanimously re elected. The Clerk said he had received a letter from the engineer of the Manchester chip Canal Company to the effect that he had laid the Clerk's letter before the Board of Directors and that they had decided to erect a small shelter on the northerly side of the canal. At a later stage of the meeting Mr. Roebuck moved that the Clerk write to the Ship Canal Cvnpany thanking them for erecting the shelter. Mr. Warburtm seconded, and it was agreed to. The Clerk said that he and the Chairman attended a demonstration in connec ion with the new steam fire engine at Lymm. Mr Rose, the engineer, suggested that all the Parish Councils wtar were con- tributing £5 a year for the use of the engine should erect in a suitable position in the parish two lengths of fire hose with branch pipes. Mr Rose sent in an estimate ' which included two lengths of hose 25 yards long, with all ancessories, branch pipes be., and a suitable box fnr them to be kept in, for the sum of Sat Eventually it was decided that the matter lie over until the next meet- ing. Mr. Roebuck Inquired why the reports and the correspondence relating to the" nuisance S' in the dis- trict were headed "The Thelwall Nuisance." Mr Long's tanaery was in the township of Grappenha 11, the brook in which the effluent ibwed was in Grappenhall, and yet was called " The Thelwall Nuisance." Admiral Jones-Parry said he had tried to get the phrase corrected, the reporters called it the " Tnelwall ' nuisance. Mr Astall said he would like it to go forth that the nuisance did not exist in Thelwall.• Admiral Junes-Parry said the effluent was now ap- proved as fit to go into the canal.

Great Sankey. A meetinz of the Great Sankey Parish Council was held in the Bpard Sehool,Great Sankey,on Tuesday even- ing,the chair being taken pro tern by Mr Thomas Halton. Mere were also present : —Messrs William Taylor, Joseph H Kilshaw, Gorge Thompson, J Fulton Smith, Henry Singleton and Joseph Smith (clerk):

===== 0002601_19010419_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN.

Mr Halton proposed Mr George Thompson as Chair- man of the Council for the ensiling year, and expressed the hope that the election would be a unanimous one. In Mr Thompson they had a emitleman who took a great interest in the district. He had worked with him on the parish Council for two or three years previous to the last Council, and whilst they differed OA many occa- sions and there was a little faiction, they made headway. Without friction they could not make headway. He hoped they would be more progressive than they had been during the last three years. They had, however, made good strides in the district in a quiet way. They had not been an expensive Council and every member had had the interests of the township at heart. (Hear, bear ) Mr. Fulton Smith seconded and Mr gilshaw supported the motion, which was put to the meeting and carried unanimously. Mr; Thompson, on taking the chair, said he was very much obliged to the members for the flattering terms which had been made use of with regard to him. He was not new to this kind of work. He waz elected a member of the Pariah Council at the first election that ! took place in that township, and he thought he could ' say without fear of contradiction that as far as he was able he did the bes; he could for the township and every person in it. With regard to friction,he would not give much for any Council which got along without it. He had worked on many bodies, but he had never known a ! Council worth anything where there had been no friction which stimulated people to do more work than they would otherwise have done. Some of the farmers of the district appeared to be under tha impression that he was inclined to be extravagant, but that was a very grave mistake. Fie, above everyone else should be very cautious as to the spending of money unneoessarily. The company with which he was connected were large rate- ! ! payers in the district, and it was to his interest to keep ' the rates down as much as he could, but it was not right, it was not just to people who built property, for the Council to use false economy. If they were called upon to spend money they must do it to the best of their ability. (Hear. hear.)

===== 0002601_19010419_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
VICS-CHAIIINUN.

On the motion of Mr Kilshaw, seconded by Mr Single- ton Mr Fulton Smith was unanimously elected vice- chairman: Mr Fulton Smith suitably returned thanks. OVERSEERS. _

Messrs Joseph Wright, 1' 13 lton, 3 Fulton Smith and the Chairman were appointed overseers.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MEETINGS OF THE COUNCIL.

A long discussion took place with reference to the selection of the dates for tha meetings of the Council for the ensuing yeor, Mr Singleton proposing that the meet- ings be held on a Tuesday night in every month. Mr litishaw seconded. Mr Halton moved that six meetings be fixed, namely, on the same night all tile meetings of the School Board, but on alternate months. 1 Mt Singleton seconded. The Clerk thought that it would not be wise to appoint monthly meetings for several reasons, which he named. Other meetings would be held when necessary. The resolution was carried. POSTLL MASTERS.

INCREASED FACILITIES REQUIRED. ' Mr Halton introduced the question of the need of additional postal facilities for the district. He explained that some time age a similar matter was brought for- ward and come good was done, but they required a further improvement, namely, a delivery of letters on it Sunday. Sankey was a growing district, and it was a great hardship that their letters should be at the Post Office from Saturday to Monday. The Poet Office in the village had been a great acquisi- tion. The arrangements were good except with I regard to Sunday delivery and the question of telegrams. No harm would be done by asking the Post- master of Warrington to consider the matter. Mr Singleton remarked that there was a Sunday I delivery at his end of the township, but there was no collection on a Sunday night. On that night their letters had to be sent to Penketh. They needed a collection as well as a delivery. The Clerk : There is a collection at Sankey Bridges. Mr Singleton : But there ought to be one at the Post Office at Great Sankey on a Sunday night. Mr Halters was willing for that matter also to be brought under the notice of the Postmaster. Mr Singleton : Ask for plenty and you wil get some- thing. Mr Halton expressed the opinion that the Warrington Postmaster had done the best he could to promote the interests of the people living in the district of Great Sankey. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman thought it would be better for a depu- tation to wait upon him, and the suggestion met with the approval of the meeting, Messrs Fulton Smith, Halton and the Clerk being appointed. THE LIGHTING OF THE TOWNSHIP. Mr Singleton called attention to the lighting of the distric*,ani pointed out that the lamps were turned out before twelve o'clock. .

It was decided that thn Clerk should mako enquiries and report to the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

The first meeting of the new Parish Council was held In the National Schools, on Tuesday evening. There were present r—Messrs Clarke, Mason. Panab-rton, Pear- son, Mclntyre, Whitley and Fairhurst, and T Bradshacv (clerk). The members having signed the usual declara- tion of acceptance of office, the Clerk was voted to the chair pro ten. ELECTION OF CHAIRtIaN. Mr Clarke said he Pal the :pleasure twelve month; ago of proposing the election of Mr Meson as chairman, and the proposition was unanimously carried. Members of the Council bad had no reason to regret their action. Mr Mason bad made an excellent obiirrnsn. He had given satisfartion all round, and carried out the duties of the office in a very able manner. They could not d better than have him as chairman again for the ensuing year. Be hal, therefore. plessure in proposing hie re-cdection. In the near future several important matters would come before the Council. In the first place there was the immediate irquiry into rho suggested light railway. Certain arrangements would possibly have to be made bstween them and the Warrington Corporation. It was very probable that the Corporation would go to Parliament next year with an Omnibus Bill, in which there might be matters relating to the district. Seeing that this was the case, it was necessary that the Council should be represented by a strong man. He had every confidence in saying that Mr Mason would b:. a very strong chairman and a chairman of the kind they would require. (Rear,hear.) Mr Pearson said he had pleasure in seconding:the, proposition. Mr Mon' a clear mental grasp of pnblic questions had been :conspicuously shown, and be had I given general satisfaction. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr Mason took the chair, and said he felt that to a very great extent the expreesion of their very kind sentiments had cot been merited. No one was/more

===== 0002601_19010419_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
VICE-CHAIRMAN AND OVERSEERS*

Oa the nalthn of Mr Pea•alo, tonded by Mr Mclntyre, Mr Whitley was appoinced vicc-chairman. nip re-irinz (:)7rsetrA, 9ira Whidev an 1 Ftirharst were re electel, on the proposition of Mr Pearson, seconded by Mr Mclntyre.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
DATE OF MEETINGS

It was delided tO---h-o—ldine—m—e;tTns' of the Council on dal date of the meetings of the Parounial Committee in June, 03tober, and January.

ACCOUNTS.

Ths rlsrk -tared that the oslanee in the bank on Irc'i 25th, 1900, was £l5 164 11d. There hl been no receipts. The eapenditure smeunted to £l2 84 21, leaving a credit balance of £3Bi 91 Mr Clarke said there had been no Parish Council rate during the last twelve rn mths. The clerk said that was so. The last rate—a twopenny rate—was is 1a97. On the motion of Mr Clarke. seconded by Mr M4ntyre, it was decided to lialle a precent noon the overseers for £l5.

THE PROP )9ED LIGHT RAILWAY._

The Clerk stared that he had received notice that the Light Railway Commissioners would hold an inquiry into the application for construction of a light railway from N.,rthwich to Warrington at Northwich on Satur. day, May 411. The Clerk also read a letter from Mr Sooner replying to the objectiens raised by the Parish Council. Be referred the Council to several alterations in the amended order. Mr Clarke welt through the amended Order. among the emendations he read out were that the motive Dower should be electricity or such other form as the Board of Trade approved • that no steam locomotive should be tlaßiry 'Apt with the consent of the Board of Trade and the local authoriry : and that the width of the carriage.; should be 6ft. 61n., or such less widtls as approved by the Board of Trade. There were numerous Minor fin*ndarions. Tne rate of spend and the weight to be carried w.r • left out of the Order, and will be left to be decid•cl by the Board of Trade.—The Chairman said they were much obliged to Mr Clarke for the inter- ASt he hal taken in this matter. Be had taken a lot off ths Council's shoulders. The Chairman was appointed to recresent the Council at the inquiry, and Messrs Mason, Clarke aria Pemberton were appointed to formu- late the obj• ctions and instruct the solicitors. THE CLERIC'S SALARY. _ _

The rielk'4 qatary as overseer and clerk was raised from £3O o £4O, and the members spoke appreciatively af his services.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Grappenhall.

The first meatinsr of the newly-elected Parish Council of Grappenhall was held at the National Schools, Grappeithell on Tuesday eveninz. The membYrs pre9ent were Mr R'chard Boariman (in the chair), Joseph Warburton, Franeis E lison, William Lomas, W a Brad f.-ird, jun., Thomas Smith, J Chambnlain, L James and S J Woodcock (clerk). Toe Clerk read a letter from Mr J Chart in Parr (chairman), re4retting his inabili6y to be present. -

APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRMAN 'The neat ba.in •sq v 749 the electien of Chairman, and Mr TilOrrt4Sr/littl MWei that they amain elect Mr Parr. Mr Blardman 4ec mded, remarkkg that Mr Parr had carried them safely doting the last few months, and would do so again. The motion WAR carried.

APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS. Mr Smith m iced that the same two overseers (Messrs Richard Ho ‘rdman and J Warburton) be again elected. Mr Lomas se-Jowled. and the mo.i on was carried. The Chairman proposed that Mr S J Woodcock be appointed assistant everseer. Mr Jamee seconded, and it was agreed to. Mr Woodcock suitably returned thanks. THE OVERSEERS' STATEMENT.. .

The Clerk read the Overseers' statement for the past year. The balance in hand at the commencement was I £146 139 8f d., the amount collected from June 6th was £3OB 10s 80, and since December £384 93 sd. The chief it.try of expenditure were psymen's to the Guar- dians, £l9O and £214; payments to the Rural District Council, £ll9 and £l2B ; and with other items the total payments were £722 17s sd.—There was a balance at, the bsnk in their favour of £l2B, A rate of is in the £ would be suffhient, and leave the balance as it was before.— rho accounts were accepted by the Council. Mr G F Ashton, clerk to the Runcorn Rural Council, sent is a bill for us as the cost of the " uncontested " election of Parish Councillors in Marcti.—lt was resolved that the sum be paid. DATES OF MEETINGS. The Council decided to hold its meetings on the last Tuesday in the nvir.ths of June, September, December, and March, at 7.30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
SORE THROAT.

I If you suffer from a sore and congested throat, if you cannot swallo-er without pain, if your voice is hard, and if every now and again you have to cough in order to clear the passage from the lungs, it is quite evident you are in a very serious state of ill-health, and should exer- cise the greatest care, and, if possible, stay indoors and in one warm atmosphere until you are better again. The best remedy in all the world for sore throat and coughs and chills is care, combined with systematic doses of that far-famed and ever successful remedy for chest and throat affections—Lavan's Lung Linctus. People in Lancashire swear by this last, and always keep it handy. Try a bottle yourself, and judge by ite effect. You can get Lavaris Lung Linctus at any good chemist's, drug Stores, or co-op , and post-free, safely packed In bottles, 19.140., 24. 91. and es. 81,, from the proprietors, Green and Co,, Chemists, Bolton, CHESHIRE VOLUNTEERS. Important Order. On Wednesday it was ascertained that the executive of the five Cheshire Volunteer battalions have decided upon an important alteration in the annual encamp- ment. It has been arranged that battalions forming the brigade shall go into camp at Conway from August 11th to 18th, instead of at Whitsuntide, as previously. No doubt the change will be welcomed, as cold nights and mornings should ha exchanged for congenial summer weather. The only drawback is that Whitsuntide boll. dar s have been con V enient ; but, doubtless, after the recent patriotic respo rises, employers of labour will rise to the occasion. Last year the Cheshires encamped on Salisbury Plain.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. The Twelfth Annual Show.

The twelfth annual show in connection with the War- rington and District Agricultural Society will be held in Walton Park, near Warrington' on Thursday, Bth August, under the presidency of Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart„ with Colonel IT Cornwall Legh as vice president. The secretary, Mr H Bereeford Melville, has issued the prize list, rules and regulations for the •low, and conies may be had on applica- tion to him at 23, Bold-street, Warrington. There will again be classes for shires and draueht geldings, hunters, hackneys and harness, jumpers, cattle, butter, cheese, eggs, dressed poultry and potatoes. Sir Gilbert Greenall offers for competition a district Champion cap, value £5 each. A dig. value r Onus,Zls £l5, is also effete' by Mr G tvrai lent e challenge El.O an d cu two p, Littleton Da whurst, while special prizes are offered by the WarrinVon Shire Horse Society, Mr F Stapleton Bretherton, Mr T Charnock, Mr J Whittaker Ken- worthy, and Messrs Day and Sons. The Shire Horse Society (Lenlon) also offer a gold medal, value £lO, the Hunters' Improvement Society (London) to silver medals, and the Hackney Horse Society (London) one silver medal. Is addition the Society offer substantial pr ze!i in all the classes. Tnere is thus abundant induce- ment, apart from the high honour which now attaches to winning at this sh,w, to owners of eligible exhibits to enter them for competition. Toe Society's district comprises a radius of 12 miles from Market gate Warrington.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE Pcsitiou of clubs up to April-15th, 1901 19T Divzsiolq.

..... Club. Goals. P. W. L. D. For Apt. Pt, Trinity Athletic lO ... 5 1 ... 4 15 ... 7 ...14 Golhorne Nees 10 ~. 6 ... 3 ... 1 ... 18 ...12 ...13 St. Helens L. & N.-511 Reca 10 4 ... 3 ~. 3 ... 14 ...12 ...I1 Orford Barracks lO . 4 .. 4 .. 2 ... 10 ...10 St. Atiry's Penketh 2ND DIVISION.

Club. Goals. P. W. L. D. For Agst. rts Trinity Athletic Reserve 14 ... 19_ 2 ... 2 29 ...12 ...22 Latchford l5 . 9 4 2 ... 37 ...23 ...21 Stockton Heath l6 ... 9 6 ... 33 —29. ...20 Britannia Combination St. tdary's Reserve St. Austin's l4 . 6 1 25 ...23 ...15 Hewes All Saints Frodsham Parish Church 13 Warrington Hornets Wqr.-ington Athletic haring resigned, their record is cnd,,ogrd.

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT. Full value in Gash or offer per return of post, B. D. and J. B. Fraser. Ltd., Princes-street, Ipswich. The largest and oldest buyers in the world.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Annual Meeting.

Election of Chairman and Vice-Chairman.

The annual m-etiuit o the Ritacorn Urbao District Council, was held at the Town Hail, Bancorp on Wcd needs, morning, when there was present :2Alessts W Handley (retiring chairman), S Taylor, ttll Posne:t, J Wilson, E imison, T Dean, T Jones, E Gatley, J Prit chard, 8 Walton, J Wilson, J W Lightburn, G U Kirk- man, D Bisbrown, George Eiewitt, fd J Sweetman, F A Ltke (law clerk), E Idarshall (secretary) and James Wilding (surveyor).

===== 0002601_19010419_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Tat CRAIRMLNSHIP.

Mr W Handley said it was his duty, privilege, and pleasure to propose that Mr R a Posnett be the chair- man of the Council for the year they were just entering. He did so without the slightest shadow of disappoint- ment—his name having been before the private meeting which took place prior to the Council—for he was in great sympathy with the general expression that the Chairmanship should go tbe round, and be held for one year only. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Lightburn espres,+ed great pleasure in seconding, feeling quite aura that Mr. Poeuett would snow in the future what he had shown in the p st,—the qualities of a very good member. (fies.r• hoar). The resolution was unanimously carried. Mr. Handley. as retiring chairman then transferred the chain of office from his own person to that of Mr. Pormett, remarking 13,m tieised he was to do so and at the cams time to introduce Mr Posnett to the leng and honourable succession. (Hear, hear.) fie felt mute Mr Posnett would have the !ull support of the Council, and that be would fill the chair with dignity to himself, and with honour to all of them. (Hear, hear.) Mr Posnett, on taking the chair, said : Mr Handley and gentlemen, I can assure you that when I came here three-quarters of au hour ago, I did uot think that the honour of presiding would now be in my hands, and I really den'; know what to say under the circumstances. I have been in Runcorn about 13 years. I cline as a lad and I was then only earning a bare pittanee, just enough to keep rue, but [rim that time forward every association I have had with the town has b...en to my advantage, and my 13 years in Rene orn have been an untold blessing to myself; (Hear, hear). I take the opportunity of t xpressing my et ep gratitude to all my friends in the town who have helped 1119 and shown me kindneee and that kindness has t last put me in this position. I desire during the year that ita before us to serve the town in the best way I can (Hear,l hear). During the last 13, years [think the town has I gone through a great many vissicitudes and a great many difficulties, but I think eerhaps, now, things are better than they were 3 or 4 years ago, and I hope they will go on improving. (Hoar, hear). There is ime thing further—one thing that occurs to me as I stand here, and that is this, I would like to see during the coming year some memorial erected in this town to Her late fiLlesty Queen Victoria. (Hear, hear.) Ido not know how it is to be done, but it does seem to me that tbe memorial to the Queen could be brought about if the inhabitants of the town determined to push for. ward the Cottage Hospital. It would also be an untold blessing to the working classes of the town. (Applause) If that goes forward I will do my best with work and money and everything that will help it forward in every possible way. (Hear, hear.) I thank you very much gentlemen for the honour you have done me and can only say how little I feel I have deserved it. Mr Posnett then prop )esed that the Council accord their sincere thanks an Mr Handley for his conduct in the chair during the year just past. He was sure that every member sitdog around the table felt that in Mr Handley they had had a chairman who was well up in ever) thing. (Hear, hear.) Be was a gentlenn n who bad served the Coun- cil with unfailing gallantry, dignity and attention, and he felt he was expressing all their wishes In giving utterance to the assurance that they accorded him their heartiest thanks for his services in the chair during the year past. (Hear, hear,) Mr Pritchard seconded with infinite pleasure. Mr Handley had discharged his duties in a gallant and dignified manner. (Hear, hear) He thought, indeed, that Mr Handley had alrnost served the town in every public capacity, and discharged his duties during his year of office with dignity and credit to he town. (hear. bear)—and be felt sure they would remember at some future time the faithfulness and diligence with which he performed his duties: (Hear, bear.) Mr S Taylor supported saying he did not think they had ever had a chairman who had given so much eaten- , [ion to the work as had Mr Handley. Speaking for himself he felt he could not have carried out as success- fully the work so ably accomplished by Mr Handley, who had given a great deal of his time and taken a great deal of trouble in every detail connected with the , work of the Council. He had much pleasure in support- ing. (Hear. hear ) Mr J. W. Lightburn did not want to "paint the lily," but quite endorsed all that had been said. Mr Handley had certainly spent a great deal of time, and made him • self almost indispensible. Indeed he felt that if Mr Handley bad been paid a very large salary he could not have served the council better. The vote of thanks woe most unanimously accorded. Mr Handley said he was very much obliged for the kindly feeling r xpressed. He felt be had but served them imperfectly at times, but was gratified to have met with their approval. That vote of thanks was sufficient reward for anything he might have done, and the kind words of Mr Posnett, Mr Pritchard, Mr Payln: and Mr Lightburn he would not very readily forget. He also expressed his gratitude to the mem- bers who had voted so unanimously. In the future RS in the past he would do his utmost for Runcorn in what- ever capacity he could. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19010419_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VICE CHAIRMANSHIP.

Mr Poe Mitt tbeo proposed that Mr W Handley be the vice-chairman nf the Council for the ensuing year. Mr Taylor seconded,anel the Motion was unanimously carried.

TRE COMMITTEES.

The'following cornmittee—s-We-r-e-t-iien formed : Elighways and Buildings Committee.—To consist of the whole Council, with Mr S Taylor (chairman), and Mr W Handley (vice-chairman). Health Committee.—To consist of the whole Council, with Mr T Dean (chairman), and Mr T Jones (vice- chairman). _

Finance Committee.—Messrs E Imison, C.O. (chair- man), JEt 941.ke1d (vici--chairman), George Hewitt, T Jones, J W Lightburn, G El Kirkham, and S Walton. Water Committee.—Mossre J Pritchard (chairman), KJ Grice (vice-chairrnau), T Des n, E Gatley, J S Taylor, F Wiawall. Parliamentary and General Purpose Committee.— Me-s a J SV Lightbure (cla.irman). E Imisoo (vice- chairman), D Risbrownt T Jones, F Wiswall. J Prit- chard and 9 Taylor. . - _

Markete and bernetery Committee.—Messra 9 Walton (chairman), E Gatley (vice-chairman), D Biabrown, H J Grice,George Hewitt, J H Salkeld,and M J Sweetman.

Technical Instruction Corornittee.—To consist of the whole of the Council, and Sir J T Brunner, Bart, M P, Rev Canon W,;od, Messrs W J Cunningham. 3M Frith, W Hankinson, J Holt, J Horsefield, F W Hutton, Littler, W Mouton, A R NOllllll3, P Pope, a Rawlinson,T Riley,J Sayle, J Turnbull,with the Rev Father Chambers to MI the vacancy caused by the death of the late Mr James Handley.—This cnnmittne will (Ica its chairman at its first meeting. _

Library Committee —Meagre P Pope, D Bisbrown, W J Cunningham. H J Grice, W Hankinson, F W Hutton, E Lniann, G H Kirkham, A R Norman, f Riley, MI J Sweetman, Rev Canon Wood.

BrunnerGuild Hall.—The following were elected re- presentatives on the Brunner Guild Hall Management Committeb :—Sir J T Brunner, Bart, M.P., Mr E Gatley, and Mr G. H Kirkham.

THE PORT SANITARY AIITTIORITY. The Secretary raised the question of representation at the forthcoming icquiry in connection with the founda tion of a new authority by the Local Government Board for the sanitary control of the Port of Manchester. Mr T Dean pointed out that by the new order of the Local Government Board they would be called upon to pay ith of a 13th of the cost of the new body, and would only be entitled to a hof a 13th representation along with the Bucklow and Lymm authorities. He felt that someone ought to attend that inquiry and point out that Runcorn being nearest to the canal bad the greatest in- terest in the matter, and ought to be better represented. I Mr unison dieapproved of the course and pointcd out, that a greater representation would only bring about a larger ptooortion of cost. He, however, maved that Mr Handley, Mr Dean and Mr Lightburn be re quested to attend on behalf of the Council. Mr Bisbro wn sec -mdcd and it was agreed to. A NEED 13R RAILWAY FACILITIES. _ _ -

Mr J Wilson gave expression to tho great need felt by Runcorn for railway facilities, and asked whaher it would be possible to induce the Cheshire Lines to come through the town. If they did come through Runcorn it would be the salvation of the town.

- Mr Taylor stated that the matter bad been put before the Cheshire Lines people, but very little hope was held out. There would be no harm done in trying again. (Hear. bear.) Mr Imison then proposed that the folio wing gentle- men constitute an emergency Cemmittee to cope with anything that might arise in connection their with *— Mr. Taylor, Mr Posnett, and Mr Wilson.—This was agreed to, and the meeting terminated.

Ms Majesty King Edward VII, who as Prince of Wales has been Patron of Mss Weston's Royal Sailors' Rests at Portsmouth and Devonnort, has graciously consented to continue that P.atronag‘a. The title of" Royal," granted to these institutions by Her late Majesty Queen Victoria. has also been confirmed. Picture Post Cards.

Full assortment of ruek's Clards for the £l.OOO Prize • ••

===== 0002601_19010419_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Competition and large seleetion of foreign Post Garda. Price lists on 'triplication to

Heearel HUGO LANG, rt Co., 14,Church.istreet. Liverpool. —Advt.

BASSINSTTSS AND MAILCASTS IA latest Art Shades —J. S. Cia.BLAND,SI, 0 and ,Bridge it. Warrington.—Advt

===== 0002601_19010419_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

[By " Ovalist.'')

Ia the final at last! Warrington male no mistake about defeating Castleford on Saturday,and have there- fore qualified to appear at Ileadingley on Saturday next, the 27th inst., to decide whether he Northern Union Cup shall rest at Warrington or Batley for the ensuing twelve months. The Batley youths did a great thing in lowering the pride of Spindledona, but there is any amount of confi lance hereabmta, that they will meet their match in Warrington. Speculations of this nature however, I will leava till next week.

No doubt there was much " cussing " on Saturday when the-morning broke, not flue and clear, but dull and wet. Rain fell persistently and the spirits of the Warrington folk also fell irt proportionate ratio. But soon after noon the clowls drifted away and " o.d Sal " c4rne out to in, ke amends as fast as he culd. and the same viriis were immediately soaring sky-high in joy- ful cxoectancy. Si much for the effect of the weather on the pople. On the Wheater's Field it bad a more lasting effect, the" turf" being a sodden m4as of mud which merited the sneer of a Warringtoo enthusiast who remarked " Ca' this a field ? why it's nowt but a river with'tide run eaow." Anyhow it was better than the stuff which did duty for a field at Rochdale a year ago and though the referee was the same, the result was Erikingly different.

The Warringtm men were full of confidence and other good things. When I dropped into the Cale for my "little snack "on Saturday morning I found the team all doing manful duty round the hospitable board, and siding honest English beef with a celerity which aston- ished even the waitresses,than whose calm dignity there is nothing more impresslve—in the Cale. Tne faces of the players were wreathed Ha smiles the mot expan- sive, and there is no questioning the wisdom of the policy which to, k them to the Cafe for the cqinaf rting of in ward qualms. They all looked and felt fit to fight for a kingdom after the operation, and when I caught them up once more at Broughton there was the same cheerful confidence apparent. In the dressing-roorn they were arguing thr point as tol who should open the nor- ing, and as Fish has hittr rto att raded to this matter ' himself, the forwards decided unanimously that they would open the ball themselves. And they kept their promise tor Eien got the first try which laid the founda- tion for a big score.

Though the morning, was sl unproadiging, the Warrington spectators journeyed to Broughton in large numbers, and whichever way you turned there WOle to be seen primrose and blue fa v,urs in either cdp or coat. As primroses and violets are just in se Aim, these prvtty flowers were in large demand, and ti) crowd lo•ked more like members of a horicultural society than foot- ball enthusiasts.

Mancheatn. was enveloped in sunshine when we got there, and the crowd reflect up in large numbers as 330 approached, though the morning's rain undoubt- edly kedt a large number away who would otherwise have witnessed the battle for suprc- m+cy an(' place in the final tie. Sltne tight or nine th msand people assombled and the proceeds were £224 —curiouily enough just Z.I. more than was taken at Warrington in the Bradford match. This is rather did- appointing, but the financial standpoint is not the principal one in Warrington eyes just at present.

---- Isherword won th toss, and showed good general- ship by electing to play against tho wind in the first half. It was certain that Castleford would make their effort while the elements favoured them, and the Wdr- rington kipper probably relied upon his defence to keep the sheet clean up to the interval, and upon the speed of his men to get points in the second half. His course of action was justified by results for Castleford ran them- selves to a standstill by half-time and made not the ghost of a show afterwards.

Things did not look particularly hAlialthy for the first quarter ot an hour, as Casileford were the first to accom- rnodate themselves to the sticky ground, and drove War- iington back by sheer strength and long kicking. The Warrington defence seemed decidedly rocky and it was not long before Hallam foolishly kicked out when he might have let the hall go dead, and Smith kicked a goal from a mark. This was just the spur Warrington needed. Aided by clever play from Fish and Isherwood they raced to Cho other elid and E len charging dawn Burns' kick on the line, got a soft try behind the poste which Fish easily improved. The Lancashire men's shout had hardly died away when a misunderstandin g between Hallam and Dickenson gave the Castleford for- wards an easy try at the other end, and the game was five all." Warrington had got their footing now, however, and a swinging pining bout baween Bate. Isherwood, and Fish ended in the latter scoring near the posts and kicking a second goal. At half time Warring- ton L d by 10 puinte to 5 points.

The secaid half needs litt!e describing. Castleford were soon beaten to the world and hopelessly outclassed forward and beck. Warrington got possession smartly and the backs simply waltzed r,.und the defence, Fish getting in at the corner again, after beautiful combina- tion. Another try came Irom Dickenson, who aid one of his unexpected swerves when everybody was mark- ing Barris and grounded near the stumps. It was a pretty effort, but Fish failed to -convert. Warrington eased up a bit, seemingly tired of running and paseing with scarcely any opposition. Castleford got to the other end, which was a misfortune for them, as they had to chase Fish all the way back again and see him deposit the oval behind the goal poets again. This was:the result of fine play by Isherwood and Dickenson who quite outwitted the .pposing centres and gave Fish a clear field. The nearest opponent was somewhere about the quarter flag when Fish scored, but he had a good view, and you know, Castleford intended to watch Fish. Isherwood raised the total to 21 points with a goal, and then Warrington rested on their oars till the final solo sounded,when the Tykes were soundly beaten and a wee bit despondent in the bargain.

flie mystery is, how Castleford have reached the semi-final. A team with less idea of what Rugby foot- ball really is I never saw. They had absolutely no idea of combination, and when once, after three-quarter time,one of the halves passed the ball to a three•quarter, there was a loud ironical cheer. The methods of the two teams were in direct contrast, and nDthiog app t ared easier than to get tries by the quick passing game adop- ted by Warrington. CaAleford had no more idea < f coping with it than they had of copying it. Even for- ward they held no advantage after the first quarter of an hour, the Warrington eight completely outplaying their heavier opponents as time went on. But for the efforts of one man, Smith, the Yorkshire team must have sustained a fearful drubbing. This player did yeoman service in the centre, and his fielding and punt- ing were really first class all through the game. Ile seems wasted in a team like Castleford.

Certainly the best man on the Bill writhe Warrington captain Dui Isherwood, who played a really superb game throughout, He made all the running for Fiats, who was in irresistible form, and at the same time kept in touch with Dickenson and Hsrris on the right. Both these did well, but the latter suffer( d from a tendency to selfistinsss on the part of the younger player. Dick- enson ought not to neglect his wing man even for the pleasure of scoring such a fins try as he did. Bate was a bit slow at timss and would do well to sling the ball more promptly when he has obtained possession of it. Hallam was not quite up to the mark, bat improved as the game grew older. He will have to be imarter,thougb to cope with Batley.

The Lanc,shi,e Competition table is now complete and stands as follows :

For Airet. P. W. L. D. G T. P. a T. P. P. Oldham 26...22... 3... 1...32 79-301...14 13— 67...45 Swinton 26_21... 3... 2-26.77-283-12 14— 66...44 Runcorn 26...21... 6... 0...45 50-246...14 24-100-40 Broughton 131cg526...17... 7... 2...35 47-211...18 16— 84...36 Salford 28...15...11... 0...35 53-29...31 29-149...30 Warrington 26 12. 11 . 3...25 33-149...18 33-1:'.6...27 Leigh 26...12...12... 2...26 35 -157...22 33...143-26 Barrow 26-10_14— 2...25 30-140-26 39-169...22 Wigan 26.. 8...15... 3...13 24 98...34 53-227...19 Rochdale Rornets2B... 8...16... 2-23 19-103...37 61-257...18 Millom 26... 8...18... 0...17 17— 85...34 42-194...16 Stockport 26. 8...17... 3...18 22-102-29 42-184...15 ..3t. Helens 26. 6...18... 2...17 16— 82...36 52...228...12 Widnes 26... 6...20... 0...17 17— 85...29 71-271...12 -"St. helens have had two points deducted for breach of rules.

St Helens and Widnes having tied for the bottomi position, played off at Warrington on Monday evening, .St Helens winning by a try to nil after the worst game seen at Warrington this season. Both teams showed a scarcely credible de:erioration on last season's form and seemed to have lost all idea of the finer points of the game. Widnes were decidedly unfortunate as in tackl- ing Doherty, the St Helens scorer, Baty was injured and took no further part in the game. Still they owed their defeat even mare to the shocking play of Lally at half- back.

There was an important meeting at Huddersfield on Wednesday evening, when representatives of the first six dubs in each division met to discuss the proposed combined Le,gue. A sort of oath of Secrecy has been imposed on the delegates present, and I cannot, there. fore, say what to place. The acheme is being pro- ceeded with undoubtedly, and Warrington has some- thing to be thaLkful for iu sEcuring sixth position in the Lancashire League.

Yorkshire folk are very confident of Batley's ability to win tiao cup, and I may say there is no less confidence in Warrington here. tdv own opinion is firra, that we can beat !liltley on a dry day by p:aving the game wbich has been so eoccessful against every Yorkshire

club we have met this eeasen. For the information of the who speculate I may ,ay that the betting in York' bhire is " Six to four on Batley."

--- Warrington are not going" int 6 any special training• the usual Tuesday and Thursday practices in deemed sufficient to keep the men " Widnes will now have to fight for their pine in till Senior competition and are down to meet the second Division Champions, More canabe, at Wigan to day. Thc sea-siders have done well this season and are sure 0 mal/4e a bold bid for honours again.

The Sesond Division table big been competed and tbe re3uirs are as under :

For Against rte. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. 3 T, P. Morecambe l6 12 4 0...13 27-107-11 12-59..24 Birkenhead l6 11 5 0...24 20-108_17 7-45-22 Lancaster Altrincham l6 8 7 1-12 28-108-12 14-96...1.7 Radon ff e Warne t h Whitworth ' l6 7 9 0,..11 11— 55...11 17-73...14 Tyldeslev l6 6 9 1... 7 15— 59...13 21-89..1$ Leigh Shamrocks l6 2 14 0... 5 8— 34-24 36-156 -4 The Fleetwood points have been expunged from the above table*

Ponr Tyldes'ev ! In the ILnkruptcy Court and sewed from the b ittnno of the Second Division. " How hiave the mighty faller!"

===== 0002601_19010419_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH RUNCORN

;,,,;',,, 1 ~ -,.

.

===== 0002601_19010419_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Dedication of the New Organ.

Sermon by the Bishop of Chester. St Michael's Church, Runcorn, was on Wednesday' evening packed to over flowing, the occasion being the opening and dedication of the new organ. The RigtO Rev De Jayne, Bishop of Coester, was present and preached. The other clergy taking part in the service were:—Rev Canon A M Wood (vicar of Runcorn), Rev 0 H Killick (vicar of Holy Trinity), &Avgw 13 Stables, B Firth, W Scholes, C P Bashforth, J N Poole, S Special hymna were sung, psalms chanted, and the aur mented choirs of Runcorn Parish Chu ch and St Michael 1 Church very effectiv.ly rendered the anthem " 0 praise God in His. Holiness."

The Right Reverend Bishop Jayne, preached all eloquent sermon from the text " la the day of fY power shall the people offer Thee freewill offerings with holy worship," Psalm cr., part of 3rd verse. In the first place, be said, did they use and realise the power of our Lord ? Was that power a reality in their lives, in their prayers, in their work, and did they derell strength for their weakness by His Ahnighty Power r .'When lam weak, then and then only am I strong.l Were they working on the side of that power or were they working against it ? It was a most solerne question, and it was a question they should take heed of 'bet:rues. "And in the day of Thy Power" they rea' On "ball the people offer thee free-will offerings with a holy worship." Free-will offerings—" not grudgingly' or of necessity for Gad loveth a cheerful giver." Such 'rat the spirit in which the gift was to be conveyed, and he did not doubt that the offering they offered that night was a free-will offering, and was one of as multitude of similar offerings illustrative 0' the spirit which was abroad in the Chute' of Christ. That spirit which made men, worm°, and children. The War Bkhop thsn dealt with the aspect of worship which should be holy ; and spoke of the power of music, architecture,and the decorative art" in the church. They were not, however, to allow theae things to become the whole of their worship, but were, to worship with the understaadiag of tidy, mind, An'. soul. Without that their worship areuid become a' I worthy and degenerate into fanaticism. Finally he prayed that the beautiful instrument they had Ps', dedicated to the service of G..d arculd never be t2O. worthily used. sj'At tae conclusion of the service, Mr T J Hugbet assistant organist of Chester Cathedral, gave an urge° recital, which was listened to with marked attentions and which fully disp'ayed.the powers and scope of the instrument. The following were the icerns:_Toecata and Fugue in D minor, Bach ; Allegretto, Wider Scherzo, Hoffmann ; Air (with variations), Hayde Concerto in F, Elandel; Romance,Wheeldon ; Priere arl° Berceuse, Guilmant; Bridal Music, Wagner. We amend the following particulars :—The organ was built by Messrs P Conacher and Cempany,Huddera; field, to designs and specifications drawn up by Mr T Hughe.,assiktint organist of Chester Cathelral who als° supervised its erection. The case is of pitcb-pinesand harmony with the rest rf the church fAtures and sea`; ing. The organ is three manual, and will ba blown Dr hydraulic power. The swell organ comprises eleven stops, and thegreat organ 7 stops ; choir organ 5 star; pedal organ 2 stops. There are six ccuplers over °to keyboard ; choir to pedals; great to pedals ; swell tl pedals ; 'swell to great Swell to choir; swell - suboctave ; and s'ar composition pedals. Man Found Drowned in the Weaver, , On Wednesday morning the bedy of a man,whicn was subsequently identified as that of John Avisoo of Bradley Orchard, near Frodsh am, was found the river Weaver at Sutton, near Frodsham. The man had been missing .from his home aisle: the 31st ult. The skull was badly fracture" and the mouth badly cut, but these wer° considered post mortem marks. On Wednev day afternoon, at the As:on Arms, Prod' sham Bridge, Mr Robert Dobson, coroner, held ett inquest on the body. The evidHace went to WO that the body was found in the river by a maii named Rawlinson, in the employ of Messrs Spealg!, man St Sons, at Sutton cut! w arf. Information wef, given to the police and the bcdy was removed the Aston Arms, where it was subsequently identv: fled by Thomas Entwistle, of Bradley Orchard. lu appears that deceased was for a short time in the employ of Mr Entwistle at Bradley Orchard and 00 the 31st March he had bad some drink, and quer; relied with some Irish labourers on the farm au' , was dismissed. On Monday, the Ist April, a caPl/6! , found a few yards from Sutton Turnbridge by gi Fletcher, the bridge tenter. It was communicate.,„ to the police,and witness identified it as belongimo Ito the deceased. Avison WiS a man of intemperat! habits, As to how he came to get into the canal,th° evidence did not show. In addition tu the marke already stated, the man's shoulder was cialoeatedf and there was a deep cut on one of the ears, The injuries were supposed to have been caused hl4 steamer passing down the river. The jury returne a verdict of" Found drowned."

Warrington. —Printed,. and Published Vs Joint WAL,„°_°.,iler Co. at The Examiner General Primal's. Workcj AO-000 streer, and published' by them at •he same 1A2,e1,40 also at the The Ezaminer: Offices. Vic.,...r.a.road,ro;7reeg 32. Georfreddreet, ST. HELENS and IA Ma-ket7ill6° RannhaTowls,"ln the County of Lhneac,er and 1010 Ow, It. RUNCORN ,in the County of Cheiter kyll 19,10'

===== 0002601_19010419_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
GLADSTONE BAGS. 22-INCII. 24 INCH. 26 INCH 100WHIDE l7/11 1:-/11 - PEST COWHIDE.-- 21/3 23/3 -1"1181' COWHIDE 4ETRA STRONG 115/6 28/9 31/3 STUDDED B ERESFO R DS 77 CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BIBLE ADDRPSSES ARE DELIVERED EVERY SUNDAY Av 6.30 P.M., TN TOFT'S ASSRYBLY ROOMS. 00112 m or BRIDGB-STRBBT AND FRIARS'-GATB, WARRINGTON. SUBJECT VOR TO-MORRON (SUNDAY) : The prize of the High Cftllinc of God in Christ Jesus. - BOL D- STRK KT WKS t,EYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) APRIL 21st. At 10.30 MR. G. W. LITTLBR. At 630 RIM NI G. ROBIIRTS, M.A. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 40e.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. Cl MACDONALDS PAINLESS YSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS THErH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. AM COONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, Painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say . Actual manufacturers. To-day Says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says: Natural, lasting. and life-like. Thousands of 0: iginal Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ATTEND AT ST. HELENS, 86. CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASbES, DRAPER, MONDAYS. 11 to 7. WAREINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6.

WARRINGTON AND NORTHVVICH LIGHT RAILWAY, A PUBLIC MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE PARISH ROOIL STOCKTON MUTH, ON WEDNBSDAY, APRIL 24TH WHEN MR. R. 11. SCO ITER, tweiNEER To THE ABOVE LIGHT RaILWAY, WILL FULLY b£P,CEUHE THE ROTJTE AND PRopON &LS OF THE PROMOTERS. CHAIR TO BB TAKBN AT 8 P.M. ALL RATEPAYERS AND INHABITANTS OF STOCKTON HEATH CORDIALLY INVITED.

CO-OPER ATIV FULL, WI NWICK-'4TREET WARRINGTON, MONDAY EVENING next. APRIL 220 d. A GRAND INSTRUMENTAL CONCERT (arranged bY Mra SIMPSON in atcl of Buckley-street Chapel Organ Fund). TOM BOOTHROYD'S BANJO, MANDOLINE and GUITAR ORCHESTRA, MISS DOROTHY TRUSLOVE, Vipil of Miss Reynolds. SOPRANO —MISS ANNIE BATE; L3AkrunrE ; MR HORACR ATKINSON of Manchester; .111MORIST : MR HARRY BROADBENT CONDUCTOR :—MR BOOT HROYD. 111.1.0 H. ACCOMPANIST :—MR A Cnarforin : R A NAYLOR, BK. Prices of hinds- 410n Front Seats Is, Second Seats 63. Doors open at 7.0 11turnence at 7,30.

•‘IIIOpEO PARDON, EXCUSEC ME, BUT WHERE " bff , Itßs ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPEOIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' " THANK YOU." MASSAGE AND ELECTRICITY.- Miss Bickford, certifi- cated Masseuse, receives or visits Patients for the above treatment. Superfluous hairs removed by electrolysis. —Terms on application to 25, Vi(U.sm PATTES-STEMET, War- rington.

REW SEY-ROAD W ESLRYAN CHURCH, WAR- RINGTON. PARR HALL, APRIL 24th, 25th. 26th. 27th, GRAND BRiTISH EMPIRE BAZAAR TO BE OPENED ON WEDNESDAY. 24th APRIL, at 2-30 by A. H. MITCHELL, liszi .JP.. of St. Helens. CHAIRMAM HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR, Alderman H. ROBERTS. J.P. THURSDAY, 25th APRIL. at 2-30, by MRS. PARKER. 'FE CHAIRMAN: MISS BESSIE DUTTON. -InAy, 26th APRIL, at "-33. by A. W BUTT. Fsq., of Chester. SATU Chairn3an, W. SILOOCK, Esq. RDAy *, 27th APRIL. at 2-30 by COUNCILLOR WALTER BROUOM. CHAIRMAN: REV C. 13. HOCKEN. HAG IFiCENT REPRESENTATIONS OF INDIA. AUSTRALIA. NEW ZEALAND, CANADA. SOUTH AFRICA, AND OTHER COLONIES Entirely New Scenery by the foremost Bazaar Artist of the day—Mr. G. H. BRIDGES. of King's Lynn. Use HIGH CLASS ORCHESTRAL BAND --ER THE CoNDUCTORSHIP OF Hit. F. PIIDLEBURY. NUMEROUS ENTER rAINMENTi AND COMPETITI. )N S. INCLUDING LADIES. "MONKEY BRAND" POLISHING COMPETITI N. Ist Prize: Handsome Case of Tea Spoons and Tongs. „ Jtle El is. Second 'Prize ; Case of Soap Specialities, with ozantiful illustrated Certificate for each winner. The above Prizes are given by Messrs. Lever, 8t^.1.. Ltd., of Port Sunlight. Special Engagement of MAX STERLING IN MIS HIGHLY-REFINED ENTERTAINMENT ',HUNG PICTURES" (A SCREAMING ?DICE), BY MEMBERS OF THE DAIRO-STREET DRAMATIC SOCIETY. eIARIONETTES, VENTRILOQUISM. ILLUSIONIST AND OTHER ATTR aCTIONS. EVERYTHING NEW I BRIGHT ! SPARKLING I 1 I _roPillar Prices: Season Tickets, Is. First Day, Is* n I . nd Day. 2-30 to 5. is ; after 5 o'clock, 63: Third and ottrth Day, 6d. Children under 15 years of age, Half-price. HANDBOOKS FREE. TlCkets may be obtained from sir PARKINSON, 2, Bridge- Mr. WADSWORTH. 9, Sankey-street. AMDEN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL' RUNCORN. ILENIVERSARY SERVICES IN ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. SUNDAY NEXT. APRIL 215 r, 1901. Protscass : REV. J. H. GOODMAN. Molinaro : 10 40. Er 5515,9 : 6. MONDAY EVENING AT 7.16. SERMON RE REV. I- H. GOODMAN. Special Pieces by the Choir and Scholars. Collections in aid of the Camden Scheel Fund.

GORGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! - I.—, Every workman should have one of LIAO-UWE cele- brated 41. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

-- SPLENDID As.ortment of New Season's PAT- TRRNS for our Celebrated 10e. 81. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

ALCOHOLISM. SUCCESSFULLY TREATED AT THE 81-CHLORIDE OF GOLD HYDRO. BIRKDALE PARK, SOUTIIPORT. APPLY.-F. H. WOLFENDEN.

VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING T/101CL8.7 100 Worms In Bag and Moss 5d ; Gooks to gut. 64 and 84 per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to Is 64 per dozen ; gut Oasts, three yards 20, 44.64 and 94 each: Gut Bottoms with one book attached one yard 24 two yards 44,three yards 64; Floats,two for Id; procupines Id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 64 and ls per be= WILL CHAMBERS, 28, MARKBT-PLACB. MANCHBSTBR. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

A. AND J. AIr'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND BILVERSMaTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. AU transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. ERG 'lO GIVE NOTICE ITRAT/ITHEY HAVM OPENEDRABRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN 01:1EEN STREET, EAELESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOOK OF WALL-P&PERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH. AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, Ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. .1138 ST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. POE•• WELSBACH " INCANDESCENT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FEEL

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 YEARS Gusrantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 128 6d. Liverpool Agent: R RUMS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANIC. LIVERPOOL, OPPOSITE LIME-STREET STATION. Also WM, IMAM WATOHES in Gold, Silver and Gold filled at Lowest Prices Current.

„ inAußicH ;ii. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHASE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS. Old Gold and Silver. Old-faslnoned Jewellery. Diamonds, Watches, Plate. /co. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT TIIE FOREIGN EXCHANGE. 47, LIME-STREET. LIVERPOOL (Top of Elllot-street). N.B.—Money advanoed upon Dlamonds,Watches,lewellery, &a., at low rates.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS. SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. TAILS OF PURR HAIR. FROM ss. 13D. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6u. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- W • B. SWEETM AV, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

FOR GENERAL STATIONERY, 'I4ICLITDING ACCOUNT AND RENT HOOKS FOR 1901, TOGETHER WITH A VARIETY OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL GOODS, fa° TO T. CoLARK'S.. ID fp 1-71 " OFFICE. 33 M Amon STREET. EARLESTOWN.

WHY SPOIL THE EDGE Of Your razor, when the true cure for corns is a pair of ARTHUR EVANS' Glace Kid Boots, to be had at 6, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, , For a modest Bight and a Tanner. ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, 4614_1LWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. uhar, AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRABTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE Co. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Est ablithed 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS cvLerl'aßtOn Mr. C. J HOLMES, Illarket Gate Stj,Mr. RlGBEY.Nessoliffe, Viotoria-rd.,Latchford S Mr. J. E. LEACH, Hardshaw-etreet Mr. J. BILLING& The Willows 11-...a0h are.. Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge °r" Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerfield House

NEW SWEET PEAS (SOW NOW). BOX FOR D'S NEW GIANT FLOW BRED VARlETlES.—,lntrodueed to British gardens A.D. 1700. They have been so much improved in brilliancy, size and profusion of flower that they have become the most popular and finest of all easily-grown hardy annuals, both for cut flowers and garden decoration. We hsve selected the most distinct and beautiful, and now supply them at the price of the:old sorts. All post free. Unique Collection 12 BRILLIANT NOVELTIES / (separate) For eJ Collection of 12 SUPERB SORTS (separate) 2/6 16 °ulnae. in 24 SPLENDID SORTS (sParate) 10/- 8 Ounces in 26 SPLE4rID SORTS (separate) 5/.. Superb MIXTURE of 60 SORTS, 6d per ounce, 1/6 4 Ounces For full particulars of the above and other goad things for every garden, see our Concise List, post free. KER & SONS CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE. BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WEBATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER SEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM ' WINWIOR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufsetneer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Wales. Telephone No. 179. MORES. OWEN STREET.

FOR HIGH-CLASS PROVISIONS TRY H. P. DARBYSHIRE'S, 60, HORSEMARKIIT-STRBRT. WARRINGTON.

IF DOUBTFUL WHERE TO BUY YOUR FURNITURE. TRY IF HARROPS LTD., 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON CAN SUIT YOU. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. DRAWING-ROOM. DINING-ROOM AND BEDROOM SUITES; BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING. KITCHEN FURNITURE. BASSINETTES AND MAIL. CARTS. (L FEW SHOP-SOILED ONES IT COST) HARROPS LIIIIRILESDT, ARE THE HOUSE FURNISHERS. In the country and manufacture nearly every article they sell. They supply goodi on the easy payment system cheaper than most houses do for cash. MAKE A NOTE OF THE ADDRESS AND CALL lIARROPS 122. BRIDGE-STREET ,WARRINGTON. INSPECT OUR STOOK NO ONE PRESSED TO BUY PRICES GOODS OFFERED AT SELL THEM.

MC DERMOTT, CASH FISH, POULTRY AND RABBIT SALESMAN. NEAR BRIDGE FOOT, LATCHFORD. FRESH FISH DAILY. AND SOLD FROM ID. TO 3D. PER LB. LESS THAN OTHERS. DON'T PAY FANCY PRICES AT FANCY SHOPE. THE 1 RADE SUPPLIED.

SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! SEEDS !! ! FOR VEGETABLE, FLOWER AND FARM SEND TO STARKEY AND MORRISON. GOLDEN SQUARE, WARRINGTON. CATALOGUES FREE BY POST. ALL SEEDS CARRIAGE PAID.

FISHING ROD S, Forfeited Pledges- FOR SALE. 200 FROM IF EACH. SOLID BRASS REELS FROM Is EACH. ALSO SEVERAL PHOTOGRAPHIC LENS, AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROTERR3, DIAMOND MERACHANTS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL FACTORS 116 to 12C, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6171. -- BEST HOUSE FOR WATCH AND JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Tools and Cutlery Repaired, Ground, or Sharpened on the Shortest Notice by Thorough Practical Workmen. MONEY LIBERALLY ADVANCED ON NEARLY ALL KINDS OF VALUABLE PROPERTY.

. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF rip 1. RAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow }Ode) From 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WA3.IIRPROOF HOLD-ALL From 96. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL.

R. HOLLINOWORTH ASD CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMBS-STREET. LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAVEMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS. "lc. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL, DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams " HOLLINGWORTH. LatehfOrd."

EXHIBITION GRASS SEEDS, Is. PER POUND. SOW NOW, DWARF, EVERGREEN. SOW NOW. B. P. KKR AND SONS, BARNETT STREET. LIVERPOOL.

JUST TO HAND, OUR NEW SNASON'S STOCK OF WICKER GOODS. WICKER CH AIR 9 UPROLSTERED IN TAPESTRY OR CRETONNE IN ALL THE LATEST DESIGNS. VERY GOOD VALUE IN SHELL GREEN AND CREAM RUSH SEE WINDOWS AND COMPARE PRICES. PENDLEBURY AND CO., 12, & 14, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON UNION. BUILDERS DESIR- OUS of TENDERING for the proposed Offices and Relieving Officer's Residence to be erected at Rarlestown are desired to send their names to Messrs William and Seger Owen. Architects, Warrington, on or before 27th Aprli. A deposit of £3 3s. will be required, which will be returned on receipt of a bona fide tender. By Order, J. C. SUTTON. Clerk to the Guardians.

TOBACCO, CIGAR. GuARETTES, SNUFFS VIORS. OF WM. HARGRAVE.S, 44. BWAN-STREST, MANORUSTBR Egtablished 671eare

ARTIFICIAL • TEETH MOUNTED ON GOLD, PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, Ao, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. THOUSANDS OF LIVING TESTIMONIALS. J. HIGHAM (OF CROSS-LANE. EARLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CHARLES', 13, LEGH-SIREET, WARRINGTON, UN WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO S. OXFORD-STREET. ST. HELENS.

IGEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offerell le the Pnblll. Sold by all Grocers and Drugs is Canistes 5d.. lOd., and Is. Id. each. Wholesale by 3. GEODES AND SON, LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833. SOW Now FOR SUCCESS. -- EXHIBITION DWARF EVERGREEN LAWN GRASS SEEDS. The same selection of DWARF EVERGREEN GRASSES that produced the remarkably fine lawns at the Liverpool Exhibition, for which we were awarded the Large Gold Medal. NEW SEEDS OF THE HIGHEST GERMINATION AND PUtill'iY. ls per lb ; Vs per Bushel of 241bs. Especial Mixtures prepared for bbady, Sandy. or Peaty Soils, Golf Links, Cricket Fields, Bcc., on the very beet terras for reliable Seeds. KER AND SONS, CENTRAL SEED JWA REHOUSE. BASNETT-STREE C. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 666. Illustrated Lists Free.

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS. laIIMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Pao-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting. plans, gum titles /to., espied and lithographed.— Baoona AND SJN. Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

TRADESMEN and others in Difficulties SHOULD COMMA' CONSTANTINE & Co., Accountants, 71, Market St., ?canine:Ea. Who will be pleased to advise Free of Charge.

"A WONDERFUL WATCH," 508. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVIOR ENtILISH PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED OASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. " FOR TIFF SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY Amouar OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Tears given with each watch. ThN watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from HUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to 31 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0. BUY YOUR BRUSHES, FROM THE WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE. FERN AND CO 19, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON WE MAKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITION

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSET-STRERT, WARRINGTON. Repair. to Property punctuallylettended to.

SIIARPLES, TAFFS, AND CO., 7, BRAZENNOSR-STRERT, MANCHESTIIII. }ELECTRICAL EINGINSIIRS. Sole Agents for Stearn Incandescent Lamp, BSTMATRS FOR WIREING ME. IMPROVED CINEMATOGRAPH for Hire on Reasone Terms. Telephone. 3,775.

WEDDING EINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stook and best value in the town or district. Bold by weight from SRVIIN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENcs to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.---RUSTANCII AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street. Warrington. Established ISM.

UMBERLLAS ! Um RHEUM; H THE LATEST ROVE TIES SUITABLE BOR PEE LADIES' & GENTLEMEN WY.ING STICKS UMBRELLAS 41.2113 4UNEHADRE km..JVHIRED IX a ALF goLTII 'mow So 6D. _ T. BRIICILLS 49. PICCADILLY. MANCHESTRR. NOTICE OR lIIMOVAL VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, DANJOS. STRINGS, of the Fineqt Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in CI its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Olaanot), 57. 11BNIS1IAW-STREBT (oorner of Benson-street). LIVERPOOL.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. WE ,7N:? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6D.

WHOLESALE DEPOT. SAM N. GREEN, (FOR UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH SKELTON'S. LTD.) WHOLESALE GENERAL DEALER. AND lIRNISHING IRONMONGER: LONDON, BIRMINGHAM, MANCHESTER. AND SHEFFtELD GOODS. 3IARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON.

SPRING SHOW SEE WINDOWS FOR ALL THE LATEST STYLES, AND NEW PATTERNS, FOR GENTS, YOUTHS, AND BOYS. READY MADE OR TO MRASURR. ENDLESS VARIETY OF NEW SPRING AND SUMMER SUITINGS AND TROUSERINGS ALL THE LATEST TO MEASURE SUITS FROM 28s. 6n., TROUSERS FROM Bs. 6. MANCHESTER CLOTHINGr DEPOT 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. 1

FOR UP-TO-D ATE FEJRNISITING GOODS AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, VISIT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, BOLD ‘WrREET, LIVERPOOL. ENORMOUS STOCK.—SPLENDID PREMISES. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE POST FREE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE LOW PRICES, ALL PURCH2SES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN NOTE THE TERMS ARE CASH ONLY. •

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON • 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITH'S, AND ,DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD ANT) SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADLAG MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Sliver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in ef change, Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, do., to spy amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt. attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD •JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, go. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS for Crystoletun and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS. , ‘-. (UNDERZIROYAL: PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

J. M. PORTER, LIMITED, MANAGER: MR. M. T. GILLIGAN. UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH THE LATE J. 11. PORTER. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMEN, 22, HORSEMARKET STREET 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON. MARKET PLACE ALL RINDS OF FRESH FISH DAILY. TOWN AND 'COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY EXECUTED. SOUTHPORT SHRIMPS AND DRESSED CRABS A SPECIALITY. .WENHAM LAKE ICE ALWAYS IN STOCK. OYSTER BAR.-BRIDGE STREET (OPPOSITE LION HOTEL). WHITSTABLE NATIVES, DUTCH, BLUE POINTS, AND ALL KINDS OF OYSTERS FRESH DAILY. Telegrams ;—Salmon, Warrington. Telepbone Numbers 101 and 220.

SOUTHORNS, LIMITED 5 ARE NOW SHOWING A MOST EXQUISITE STOCK OF FANCY FURNITURE, COMPRISING Cigar and Medicine Cupboards, Corner-brackets, Tea-tables and Trays, Flower-boxes, Wall Cabh3ets, Bell Houses, Glove and Handkerchief boxes, 4-fold Screens, all of which are beautifully made, and ele- gantly designed for Wood Carving, Poker Work, and Painting Decorations. SEE WINDOWS, PLAIN FIGURES, CASH PRICES. Telephone No. 6367. Telegrams, "CURTAINS," LIVER.' 'OL.

ADDIUSS- -38, 40, & 42, Basnett Street, ~; LIVERPOOL

There's a happy medium in ironing as in most other things. It isn't necessary for a shirt to be as stiff as a board or as glossy as a china plate tci be attractive. A- shirt that is white as the driven snow, flexible without being, limp, thalt retains its • stiffness, is the' kind of shirt that sensible men like to wear. And if their wives are well- advised they use Colman's Starch. got MAN'S : STARCH • Sold in Cardboard Boxes. See that Colman's name and the Bull's Head are on the box.

RILES AND INDIGESTION CURED. If you have PILES du not newect and ‘How them to assume wor.e forms ; Fi 10110 w. KRUTY'S CURE I. the only safe and effectual remedy fur Inward, outward, and bleeding Piles or Fistula. It ants like a charm On the Blood, and causes them to disappear like ma,dc: It Is a positive cure for Chronic Indigestion "old by all Chemists in bott'es Is. 104 Post paid from Xdlrry AND CO. HALIFAX.

C L .... ' ' A.RGE STOCK OF MANDOLINEb, BINJONS. 1-1 GUITARS, VIOLINS, IsC. Offer.—Ounranteed I CALIAN MANDOLINR, !nude, nose- wood, ornamented ; 12s. 6d. Carriage paid AROHI4II altP SONS. ST 'BOSONS' ORESOANT. TOP OF LORD- SUB ET. 11POOL. Itstriblistied 1848.

R. A. G MOBS; (LVE OF THE MERskY CYCLE PiII:PEES) MANUFACTURER OP THE NEW 1./ON CYCLES. 19, MANCHESTNR ROAD. WiARRIISITO.N. ) AGENT FOB A LEAR D -.;YCZ ES. NICKEL PLATING ;OW BN ANIMLLING ALL SHADE 3 ALUAtmum Azzo OTHEII BRONZE 3. HIGH-CLA3i ACCIO3OIIIII i kn:t. hi tnek. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY TO ANY MANE OF

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, SUSTON bQUARII. HOKE 0031,0RT8, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNKYSIDS HYDRO, Physician : Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter Residence. One the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from is 61 per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. I. BOOCOCK. Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTEKING OR RR-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE AN MINCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTERO FITTINGS Az.

SOUTHPORT. HAYF.S'S RESTUARANT (KEPT BE OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE). SPECIAL TERMS FOR PICNIC PARTIES. 38, CHAPEL-STREET. _

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING RYDER LLOYD AND UO., BUSINESS BROKNRS AND VALUERS, WITR RESPECT TO AFT ILIFD OF BUSINESS YOU MAY DESIRE To PURCHASE OR SELL , BUYERS SUITED FREE; QUICK SALES AT MODEISATS & FIXED OHARGES; NO CHARGE To SELLERS UNLESS BUSINESS RESULTS; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED FOR CASH, VALUATIONS MADE.—CALL, WRITE OR TELEPHONE. 01C9. RYDER LLOYD AND CO., ESTABLISHED 1857. 21A, OLD HAY MARKET. Opposite MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

r.m . TOM BOUTHROYD, 51.1.U.31., Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUEZ-SIRERT, WARRINGTON.

MISS BERTHA BOIT II I E A. L .U. M., is prepared to receive PUPII,3 for the Violin. Lessons at own of pupils' residence, or on Mondays at Mr Sutton's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms. &c, on application to 3,3, WHITEFIELD-ROJLD, , Stockton Heath.

• THE NEXT TEEM WILL B %GIN ON THURSDAY, APRIL 25ra. The HEAD MASTER will be at home to INTERVIEW parent 3 OR WEDNESDAY. April 24th. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY. &C. PEEPAAATORY FORK FOR BOYS FROM El TO 12 YEARS OF AGE. PROSPECTUS. &c, ON APPLICATION.

-VEAUONFIELD, 111011 ER RUNCORN (near Frocicham).—HlGH-CLASS BOARDING and DAY SCHOOL for GIRLS; PfxRPARATOMY SCHOOL for BOYS. KINDRRGARTRN Beaconlield is a mansion standing in extensive groundsnear the summit of the Beacon Hill, overlooking the Mersey Estuary to the Welsh Moun- tains. Its situation on the Sandstone nook is remarkably healthy and beautiful. PRI...NM-RAS : MRS. ; assisted by a resident and visiting staff of highly qualified teachers. Preparation for local and Higher haaminations. Summer term begins THURSDAY. MAY 2nd. Prospectus with Fees (moderate). References and view of House on application.

JAMES P. BATH AND SON, 29, EttiNELAGH-ST., Liverpool, have FOU bA.LE, Owen Owen 4i per cent. Preference. Harmsworth Bros.. 5 per cent. Preference. Hope Bros.. 51 percent. Cumulative Preference, West Lancashire Railway lst Preference, MatiSymons 5 per cent. Cumulative Preference, Ogdens Limited 5i per cent., Preference, Johannesburg Waterworks, Overhead Railway Ordinary, G Hooper and Company, Limited. London (Provisions) 6i per cent let Preference. Leeds and Liverpool Canal 3 per cent Preference, Union Credit tank Preferepse, and WANTRI) British Workman's Public House Company, Cope Bros., Hew Brighton 'rower Preference, Chester Trams, Whites Carriage Lompany, Broombill Collieries, Limited, Shares and Deben- tutes, Dock Bonds and Annities.

liflartmern, etc. UNOR SALE CHEAP. 8 Horse Power vertiiiii4GlNß ; 1. newly dona up In all parts, equal to new,all complete.— P. WARING A.,D Co. Engineers, Thomas-street, Sheffield. BOILEILS.—RANGH of FIVE LANCASHIRE STEEL BOILERS. 3011. by 7. Hanged flues, made by Daniel Adamson. Insured for 100Ibs. pressure.—Jonx STRINGER. Etatk burn.

A SPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS. 111. new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 18in. Ce ntres bft to 2Ult, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from aft by 21t square to 121 t by 4ft square. Drilling Nadia! and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines. Boilers. Tanis', Wood- working Machinery. etc.—PARTINGTON, St Simon-street. Blackfrisrs-road, Salford

PATENT OFFICF.. Establish:A 1864. JOHN G. WILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam 5.5, MARKET ,SrEKET, MANCIiEtiTER. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK bRA.1219.

I:)A.TENT OFFICE MAficHEsTER, EdTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEOEGII DAVIES & SON have ha, more than 40 years' personal ezporienoeln oonneatlot, with this Establish- ment and poseesspraetioal knowledge of the ootton,woollen end iron manufactures. 4. Seit-help to the Sew Patera Law,' price 6d. C.,lonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, V.1.P.A., M.S.A. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PENKETki. —Cottages 4. Od., 3s. 9d. and 2s. W. pi week. BANK STRBBT OFFICH, E 5 room. OYFICHS SANKs.Y STREET. OFFICES MAHKET STEER'S Apply bOBERT LOWE, &state Ageat,No. 1 Bank-stroet War. eington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET food HOUSE In Derby-street, rent 4s 6d.—Apply WOOP9 8414 SON, Solicitors, Horaemarket-street 'Warrington.

MlNDWlL—Glazing linen like china. No polishing IA irons, also stiffening.—Write LAUNDRY. l3it, Lisciard. Cheshire.

NNNNTTING. Garden Netting. Cricket Nets. Tennis Nets and dame Nets of every description. THOMAS Jon:notes, Net Warehouse, 38, Corporrtion-street, Manebester.

eI.HEENHOUSB MUSTS vurtniv. To be SOLD 20ft by 10ft In excellent condition with boiler and pipes in Ant class working order.—Appl, BOX L. Examiner office. Warrington.

2A 50 EQUITY, to pay 14 percent; 11 weli-built six-room houses, always well tenanted with first clasa tenants.—Apply WALLHEAD AND SONS, Lyme- street, Warrington. FEBE GIFT this week, Half-dozen Ladies' Hemstitchtd Handkerchiefs to all Purchasers of half dozen Pillow Cases. Plain, 55.; Sr Frilled, 65.—Batowst BROS., 43a., High- street, Belfast.

(APEN-AIR TRIIAMIHNT OF CONSUMPTION:—Rudg- wick Sanatorium. Sussex. For ladies and gentlemen. Pure bracing air; 2 guineas weekly.—Sacnais.nr. 165. Clapham-mot. London.

REliltittolicNoTlaetrLbOadagpesßacr.s, Sd each..eapocsht.agvaerb,"s rd. 7Patrogituse-s; Tfreeelep—hjore,N23BlYm2 GAeNrrarado.o., 19, Leicestemquare, London, W. MOUSTALIHRS produced in a few days on the smoothest face by using" am:bine." Acts lie e Magic. Post free Is. 6d. Plain wrapper.—The "Bari Mirina," Co:. 116, kailton-road, London. 8.11.

MONO, the Pertect Remedy,' cures in a few hours ; capsules and stomach remedies are useless ; results guaranteed, stamped address for partloulars.—W. FIELD, 71, Beulah-road, Walthamstow, Louden.

FREEHOLD SHOP, In centre of Warrineton, for Sale chance seldom met with, good tenant, who would be glad to take a lease.—Apply to SPENCER WALLREAD & SON. Lyme-street, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

OEVERAL small BLOCKS of flroc-rate HOUSES NOR 0 SALE in Stockt,m Heath, Pay a fair Interest.—Apply to Jogs PEMBERTON, Heatheet, Stockton Heath, or SPENCER WALEHEAD AND SON Lyme-street, Warrington. ' - - A VALUABLE RECIPE for brewing ale and stout for eottagers, cost to make about ail per gallon; no ex- pensive utensils required; poet free 'tam ps.—EICHARDIS, Staple), Cottage, Harold tdews, St Leonardo, swam

•.11 OW TO ENbUYB lINALTH."—A medical work 11 giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps.— Address Messrs. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square. Larnsbury, London, N.

fIYCLES I CYCLES ! Save 60 per cent., and buy direct V.l at wholesale trade prices. High grade, 1901 Id whines £5 10s. On approval. Guaranteed 12 motif ha. Catalogue tree. Exceptional value.--St. MARGARET'S CYCLIC Co., Ipswich.

RHEUMATISM AND PARALYBIB..—Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry. Illustrated pamphlet free 01 receipt of post- card. Address s—PuntlntEY.B. 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints. Manchester.

-- A NTIQUII FUIitiIITUBEI —A large stook on dale of Lt chippendale and oak chairs. shield back chairs, carved oak and mahogany chests, corner cupboards, ce.k gate tables, square and twisted legs, old china, pictures, ; furniture bought, sold, or exchanged.—J LIGHT. Liverpool-road kelmersdale, near Ormskirk.

TO 811 SOLD.—Famworth, near Wl*lnes —The extensive A_ Works. let ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address .1. HOCKING, 16, Fenwick- t reet. Liverpool.

II 0.1 WATBR INSTANTLY, Night or Day. Not Bath whenever wanted without notice, without waiting, without kitchen fire. Boiling water in a single minute. Great comfort and convenienc,e at small cost.—BwAttv's lakriskas for gas or oil or fuel. 346 Euston-road, London, Illustrated catalogue, Sect, "x." post free.

U. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S OHLORODYNIL THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CBLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever di. oovered. ('IHLORODYNE is the hest remedy known for 11..) Coughs, Consumption. Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever. Group. Ague. CiILORODYNE acts like charm in Diarrhea and is the only specific in Cholera mad Dysentery. OULORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism. Gout, Cancer. Toothache. Meningitis, Prom Dr. B. J. Bouvros men Co., Morncastie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and 'mita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posse, this treat advanhage over all other sedatives; that It leaves 129 unpleasant after effects. '• Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's eJonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was Of:MORO- DYNR."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAIN lON.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- CAUTION.—Viee-CbAßOtnOr Str W. Pass Woof, stated that Dr. J. COLLIS Baowsix was undoubtedly, the inventor (' f "O.4LORODYNA " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, whieh be regretted to say had been sworn to.—See 7inies, 13th July, 1363. Sold in bottles at Is. 1111, 2s. Bd., and 45. 6d. None is genuine without the words DR. J. COLLIS BROWNB'S OHLOHODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm ing Medic I testimony accompanies each bottle

WANTED IN CANADA. Capitalists, persons with moderate incomes. Farmers, Farm Labourers, young men desiring to learn farming. aid Domestic Servants, for whom special arrangements are made. FREE GRANTS OF LAND In ONTARIO, MANITOBA and the NORTH WEST. Crown Lands in other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. NO RENT. FREE &moots. Low Maus HEALTHY CLIMA7E GROWING TRADE. INCREASING PROSPERITY. Pamphlets, !Cps, reliable information and advice on all mat!ers of interest to intending Settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominion, gratis and post free. Particulars can also be obtained from the Allan Dominion, and Rider Dempster Steamship Companies, or their Local agents. or from the Canadian eacific Railway Company. Correspondence invited and personal interviews arranged Apply to the CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENCY 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HOOFIR 0C H E S HERBAL c4:,(3.rhetpoaele2lrlysaactii:4:mt:is.gtempt::: NG COUGH The celebrated effectual Agents lee HOOPING COUGH medicines. - 1100 PING COUGH HOOFING COUGH BRONCHITIS W. El:mem:la& Sox, 157: d 1 Queen Victoria Street, l,..)1101.71' London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION, LETTERPRESS PRINTIN, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING, IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES. JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

LEA-FRANCIS CYCLES PATENT "TRIP MOTION," NOW ON VIEW AT J. S. GARLANDS 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON ALSO QUADRANT GRAINLESS cYCLES WITHICROBS-ROLLER GEAR. PREMIERS AT 10, 13, AND 16, GUINEAS. EXCELSIORS AT 10, AND 14, GUINEAS. NEW RAPIDS WITH 8 INCH CRANKS AND 84 GEAR., RIDING MADE COMFORTABLE, AIM HILL CLIMBING EAbY SOLE AGENTS J. S. GARLAND, 51 53, AND 55,BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON MONTHLY PAYMENTS OF El TAKEN.

TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 105. OD. AND £l5 15s. On. SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHINGS LIMITED. 74 BOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. TRADESMEN'S DELIVERY TRICYCLES A SPECIALITY. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

\ IjEURCHILL'S ARE THE SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS FOR RUDGB.WHITWORTHS TRIUMPHS, ROVERS. RALRIGHS, }WEBERS. SPARK.BROOKs, BAYLISS THOMAS, AND JAMES CYCLES. EASY PAYMENTS ARRANGED. Railway Fare Paid up to 40 miles to inteading purohasers. J. & S. CHURCHILL & CO., CROSS LANE, EARLESTOWN, LANCASHIRE.

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLE £lO ,10s. £l5 15s. AND £lB 18s. WITH 1901 DUNLOP TYRES, FRODSHAM T. BOOTH CYCLE DEPOT ST. HELENS A. H. SMITH, 23, COEPOEUTIO N STREET. WIDNES W. HOUGHTON, ST. MICHAELS TERRACE, DITTOS. EARLESTOWN F. HOLT WART/RAVE-ROAD LYMM H. COPELAND. CYCLE DEPOT. LIVERPOOL HITCHINOS LTD. 74. BOLD-ST MARC t.ESTER DEPOT 134, DEAN/GATE.

eIYCLES I CYCLES I 2 Immense Bargains. Free Mus- k.) trated List containing 1,500 New and Second-Hand Machines from 30s. to £a. Marvellous Bargains in 1931 Machines. Five Hundred New Machines, 1901 Make, from £2 Vs. 6d. angle Machine at Wholesale Prices. Access- ories of every description at half usual Price. Large List Free, any address. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.— WAREILOW & CO.. Cycle Manufacturers, Weston-super-Mare.

CENTAUR CYCLES. FAMOUS SINCE WM. A WONDERFUL OFFER FOR £l2 lEe. A fully guaranteed Centaur. new 1901 Model fitted with FREE WHEEL, BOWDEN BRUM in addition to Plunger) PLATED RIMS, AND COLD LINED. Catalogue and full particulars from THE CENTAUR CYCLE CO. LTD. COVENTRY. or T. DAINTITH, Bridge-street, Warrington, W. ROOTH, 139, Church-street. Runcorn.

fYRES! TYRES ! ! TYRES !! ! DETADDIABLIC NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVENS FOR DUNLOP RIMS Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade; Its 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & Co., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 20, LOW HILL. LIVERPOOL.

SLADE AND CO's., CYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD STREET LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR IHE FOLLOWING- WORLD RENOWNED MAKES : PREMIER,. SINGER. GLORIA, R. AND P., MOHAWK, JAMBS. AND GLOBS OYOLEn. Price List free on application. Repairs and Sundries. Free Wheels fitted. Cycles on hire Telephone 7094.

FOR EASTER. 1000 SHOP-SOILED CYCLES, OF VARIOUS MAKES OFFERED. EBOAEDLESS OF COST, BY HARDIE, LIMITED, OP BERRI-STREET, LIVERPOOL, 182, GRANGE-ROAD, BIRKENHEAD, AND 116, BRIGHTON-STREET, SEACOMBE. FOR £6 17$. 6D. mAy BE MOUSED SHOP—SOILED HARDIE ROADSTEEti Arc. E )10 RI.USE3. FITTED WITH DUNLOP AND OTHER HIGH-GRADE TYRES. THE STOCK, WHICH MUST BE CLEARED TO MAKE ROOM FOR FRESH CONSIGNMENTS, COMPRISES RALEIGFIS, SINGERS, OSMONDS, SAN SPAREIL?, PALmns, AND HAIDIES. PLATING. ENAMELLING AND ALL KINDS OF REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

ROBERT LOWE, BSTATH AORNT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER Office and Salerooms No. 1, BANK-STREET. VI ARRINGION. Telephone No. 65. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods eon- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited. 1411121ture, LC., warehoused.

WOGS FOR BITTING from pure bred Black Minoroas, _IA White Leghorns, and Buff Orpingtons, 2s 6d per sit- ting; no Sunday business.--J BURNES. Emelt. Heath, Pulsate, Warrington. SITTINGIS of EGGS, White Leghortts, Barred Plymouth Rooks, Golden Wyandottes and bilyer Wyandotte. Indian Ruuner Ducks, 3a 6d per sitting. G G BAKER, Oak House, Lydiate, Liverpool.

DOI LACK Orpington EGGS 35. M. and 25. 6d., White Leg- LP horns, 2a. bd. per doze..; also Black Hoaecomb Bantam hggs from my Palace and °airy, do. winning strain; 105 6d fur 13, FLETCHER, Murseough Mills, Murseougli, near Ormskirk.

LLWJW hOtaiti litall#6.—A limited number of tiittings A/ will be booked at be. per sitting. Pen contains seven excellent pullets, Mrs. Jackson's strain ; mated with a grand cock direct from Mr. Ohrimes', a noted winner, and should produce some grand exhibition birds. Also a few sittings from a grand pen of Blaek Minorcas, Garlick's direct 3s. 6d. per sitting.—Mrs. Jamorir, Ulifton Village, near Preston. Lancashire.

EGGS FOR SlTTlNa.—Langshans. White Brahmas,Lanea- shire Buffs, Buff Cochin., Buff Orpington., Black Orpington., Barred Plymouth Rocks, Golden Wyandotte., Silver SV yandottes, Indiau Game, 'louden', Ancona., Black Leghorn., White Leghorn., Buff Leghorn.. Brown Leghorns, Black Minorca., and Three Crosses tor Table and Laying houden-Game, Game-Buff Orpington. Brown Leghorn Golden Wyandotte, Bggs all one price, viz :-2j 6d per sitting to all who fetch them ; 3.11 packed In box and put on rail. Open every day except Sunday. Dio business done on Sundays.—liENßY DRAPER, Mather's farm, Lawton St. Marv's. near Bewton-le-Willows.

NJIW Medium-sized Square-fronted BROUDHAM with double wlftd-on rubber tyres, silver ,mountings.— Apply W. F. 'throat Chms„Manchester. rIII9O CART HORSES. 164 and 17 hands, on Sale, both .1. good workers; also smart Pony, 12 nands.—Apply JAMES Sam, Smithy Farm, fdaghull, Liverpool. HANDCARTS for Hire Is ed per week. Handcarts new and second hand for sale.—Jenforrox 76, Park-road, and 36, Kirkdale-road, Liverpool, Telephone 251, Toxteth,

OCV BALI, GIG, SPRING CAILT and Three WHAM—, weight 9 cwt. 15 an. 18. All cheap as there is no further use for them.—.T. OMITH, Chorley Hall Farm, Chor- ley.

'PEN AMERICAN HOMES and COBS NOR SALE, quiet in harness ; good action ; blacks, browns, and bays Lp to 6 years old —Apply MCGRATiL, Cattle l'heds Mdford-street, Great Howard-street. Liverpool.

GREAT oPRING CLEARANCE SALE. PITTS'S, LONDON•ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station, through Railway Arch) ; ALSO &T FITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN. (Jost past Manchester Central Station). THE FAR-FAMED FURNISHERS, THIRTY THOUSAND POUNDS SELECTION IMMEDIATE DISPERSAL IMPERATIVE. 11DITTS'S WONDERFUL BOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at 151. 22/, 281, 381, 50, 75, 100, 200. up to I,eoo guineas, specially augmented in Quality and Quantity of Articles for this bale tar SURPASS OTHER'S. For parti- culars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs. priced 60 PER CENT. BELOW expensive city firms, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments arranged, suiting convenience. PITTS'S SPRING CLEARANCE SALE. —DINING ROOM SUITES (second hand).—Serviceable Suite, in leather, substantial heavy chairs, cost £l3, for £5; another Suite similar, £5 10a., worth doutde ; excellent Suite, in Smyrna saddle-bags. Oriental blended colours, massive heavy frames, cost £l5 for £6 I.os ; subatantial solid oak Suite, luxuriously re-upholstered in best skins, padded back, small chairs, highest qua ity, design, and workmanship, cost £25 for £l3; magnificent solid walnut Suite, in rich Oriental saddle bags, with velvet borders, divan couch, and elegant easy and small chairs. cost £5O, for £1.3 ; ,massive spoon-back Suite, very fine heavy frames,, in real skins. cost £35, for £l5; grand solid oak Suite. frames exceptionally heavy and elaborately carved very uncommon design, cost £4O, for £l7; another similar, In walnut. £lB. Two hundred te select from. Dining Tables, Dinner Wagons, Sideboards, in infinite variety; being given away practically. PITIS's PRING CLEARANCE SALE.--DRAW- ING ROOM SUITES (secona-hand).—Nice suites coveredain serviceable tapestry. equal to new. cost £lO, for £4 10s.; another in freaze plush £5 ; excellent Suite in stamped velvet, cost £lO. for £5 be.; choice Suite beautifully re-upholstered in fine Genoa velvet, cost £l3, for £7 10s.; salvia Chippendale Suite,. Oriental coverdig. cost £l2 for £6 10s.; inlaid mahogany Suite covered in silk, cost £l6, for £9; Chippendale Suite expensive choice silk covering. cost £2O. for £lO 10s.; exquisite inlaid rosewood Suite, of choice character latest design beautifully covered in silk tapestry, cost £29, for £l4 14E; elegant Louis XV Suite, in dark Chip- pendale mahogany, beautiful'y covered. cost £35, for £l9. Over 100 Suites to select from, at all prices up to Vo each. Cabinets, Overmantels of every design and make, also odd Couches, Easy and Cable Chairs, exceptionally good value. DITTS'S SPRING CLEARANCE SALE.—BED- ROOM FUR.a !TURN (second-hand).— Handsome pair of Stands, dressing chest has bevelled swing glass, wash- stand viith marble slab, pedestal and rail attached and two chairs, cost £6. for £3 15s ; convenient Suite, containing all requisite articles, very nice design, cost £lO, for £7; hand- ' some Bedroom Suite, in rich b!ack walnut hand carved ' throughout, fula-sized wardrobe, large bevelled Plate, large stand and table, pedestal, rail, and chairs, cost £l6, for £9 ; elegant Bedroom Suite lands.,ape pattern, carv-d panels, and bevelled plates, cost £lB, tor £lO ; tasteful Suite, in walnut, finely-designed Wardrobe with Bevelled mirrors, everything complete large-sized stand and tables, pedestal, rail. chair,. cost £3o,for £l5 ; magnificent Suite of full number of articles all large, of best workmanship and design, cost £IG, for £lB ; another similar, cost £5O, for £24. A hundred others, up to £9O each, must be promptly cleared out. pITTS'S CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware, Table Billiards, Bagatelle, tras. Magnificent selection. PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE. Every description of Bookcases. Secretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs. cafes, Copying Presses, at about Halt City Prices. Inspection will verify. SAMUEL PITTs, MANCHESTER, LONDON-RoAD (Ardwick and Lonotight cars). GAYTHORN (all City-road cars pass door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1124.

FADE 8 GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. "Since taking your pills lam a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28. Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. EADE'S GOUT PILL CURB RHEUMATISM. 'Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr &Hord, 53 New Lloyd-street. Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS • CURB RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 58, Northomberland-street, Poplar. EADE's GoUr PILLS CURB SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days.''—B J Macdonald. 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CORE LUMBAGO. I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."—J. R.Regers,lo, Hanover-st.. Leeds, E ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. " I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."- Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W. EAIM'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE FACE. The day after taking only three pills I was almost well." -Philip Brans, 3a Archer-street, Bayswater, W. EADE'S GUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. I could get no rest, so got your Mils and soon got rellet."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Cfreenbays, Manchester. EADVB GOUT PILLS, THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two mouths, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John, Latham, Oxford-street Coalville East, Leicestershire, EADE's GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURB. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2. Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Swam EADW6 GOU I' PILLS, MANS BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abdx; If that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague. Butsher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar EADE'm OUUI and RHEUMATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, Is. Id. and 2s. Ed.. or sent post tires for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE. 232. Gossvell-road, London.

fliontp. £150,000 At from 3i par centittufbli3Advada inoeci on to snit burrowers,in any part of countly.o—J. PI% n ml%! 6. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 6182.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, MO, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pry back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. SOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this Didreas Twenty Years. _

MONEY TO BE LENT F 1103.1 £.5 TO £l.OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., 121, MERSEY 'fftb: ET WARRING lON. THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPA.I.ED TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and others on reason- ftule terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWoIiTH. DISTHIOT MANAGER. 121. MERSEY STREET, WAEMNOTON.

riflC CITY LOA N COMPANY. .A. 1, MILL-STERET,MARKhT-FLACE, WARRINGTON. CASE ADVANCES made daily from £3 to £5OO. to Male Dr Female Houseboldela, St•opkeepers, Farmers and others, in town or country. Charges moderate. hasy repayments, as follows : ES 0 0 (Interest included) liepayable...2s Od weekly r£s 0 0 Do. Do. ...Es 61 weekly £lO 0 0 Do. Do. ...5s 0,1 weekly £l5 0 0 Do. Do. ...Ts 61 weekly Special terms for larger amounts. , W. Blida Ed, Manager.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Ftom £lO upwards—And payable by instalments, or as may be mutually arranged. •ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has bawl established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDBE HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDRBDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see paroptilete, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to G-EORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINB BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE : Da, RE NNE DY-ST RE ET, MANCHESTER.

ELItOTRIC LIGHTING BY H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

LADIBS' AND GENTLRMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES, AND JACKETS. GURAT BARGAINS. CYCLE CAPE 5 FROM 28. lID, GENTLEMEN'S SACSOATS Fuoat 148. lID. J. E. HUGHES AND SONS, 36, PARADISE-STREET (OFF CHURCH-STREET), LIVIIRPOOL. LATE Sr. GEORGE'S CRESCENT. CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 4, A LUD EY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC gFURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c,. etc.. GO TO WILLIAM TODD, 16, BERET STREET (TOP BOLDISTREBT), LIVERPOOI TELEPHONE, 7823.

BOOTS business grows and grows be- canoe new customers are constantly realising the worth of our goods and the beneit of our low prices. Here are a few articles of the most useful and Inexpensive kind of attractive Chriztmas Presents :. PERFUMES make j very 'acceptable (presents for young or old.aGood quality, 6d. size 5d., Is, size 90. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opoponax, Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hay, Wood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Bettles,ls. 6d. size Is., 2s. 6d. size Is. 9d. PARMA VIOLETS In Bottles from Is 3d. In Artistic Cases from is. In Cut Glass Bottles from 2s. 6d. TOILET ARTICLES are always'useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glanceat this short list Will show-you some of the nice things we keep in this line. Hair 'brushes from Is fid, Dressing Combs from ed, Hand Mirrors from 1.5. Nail Brushes, Puff, Boxes, Tooth Hrushes,Pocket Combs, Tooth Pow. der Boxes, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS IN GREAT VARIETY. Honey, Curd, Elder Flower, Brown Windsor. 24. per tablet, 8 tablets for la. Glycerine and Cucumber, White Rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 21d. per tablet, 5 ta'alete for Is. Castile Soap, 30. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows . Violette de Parme, Grey Oatmeal, Mars:mallow and Glycerine, Cold Creans and Honey. usual 64., tablet for .11d., Is. 63. box 103. We can recommend this particular line of choice Soaps with all confidence. BOOTS CASE CHEMIST 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, Also AT 20, ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES, BRIDGB STREET, nufacoarr, AND 27, POST °FMB AROADR,,AOCRINGTON.

EXPIRATION QF LEASE, REMOVING TO DEADSGATE. LEECH BROS. & CO., Aster 30 YEARS TRADING me now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH. BARGAINS. Gas Fittings, to. Clooks. Bronzes, &a 25 „ Marble Mantelpieces ... 2O „ Grates, Ranges, Ral.ders' and Furnis,Ang Ironmongery lO Horticultural Implements, Garden Seats, Boilers, Mowing Machines, to.. Ao.. 20 & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891.

YOUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS, TEA AND COFFEE SLITS Re-plated with pure - Silver, and a written Guarantee to Wear for TEN YEARS, first-class quality. J. AND F. BROWN, ELBOTRO, SILVER. NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12, MOUNT-PLKA-ANT LIV6RPOOL. JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCKETS, Au., RE-GILT, from 6d.

HE SAFEST MEDICINE Fog BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDloorriox, WIND. SPASMS. FaUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LOSS or 'APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DV9FePSIA., 11E4E1.- 1 BURN, Lowazsa OF oPIRITS, GIDDINESS, An. AS A UNNERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE DR. SCOTT'S P I LLS ABB UNEQUALLED, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain la thelt curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different sec:etions. causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite. promoting digestion, ami strengthening the whole system. DR. C DTT'S Plus Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT. 173. SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any ether Medicine Instead,but insist upon having:the rightthing, which iswrapped In a square green package. Bs Post for 14 or 34 stamps.

KENDAL, MILNE AND (JO., MANCHESTER. Telegrams, " KENMIL." Telephone, 1748. DE. P A I MENTS. CABINETS, CARPETS. FuuNisHING. DECORATIONS. HOUSEHOLD LINEN. SILKS. LAO a lc EMBROIDERY. DRESSES. RIB cONS, FLOWERS, MANTLES, SIJISHADES AND COSTUMES. UMBRELLAS. MILLINERY, LADIES' BLOUSES LADIES' OUTFITTING. AND SKIRTS CHILDREN'S nitto. CAMBRIC HANDKER- JUVENILE CLOTHING. CHIEFS FURS. TRIMMING AND HOSIERY. HABERDAHIERY. GLOVES. FOREIGN AND FANCY LADIES' BOOTS. BPMHOi FURNITURE, GENTS' OUTFITTING. '1 El NKS. Carriage paid on purchases of 23s upwards to nesres railway station in the Unit ed Kingdom. KENDAL, MILNE AND CO, MANCHESTER TELEGAMS TELEPHONE, 1746.

THE EXAMINEK. APIILL 19th. 1901.

Ur IV E r OUR FEET A TREAT BY PUTTING THEM INSIDE • PAIR OF ALP TAYLOR'S WONDRELFUL BOOT. IN KANGAROO. BOX OALF, GLAOR KID Ac Ac. ALL WRAILMRSISiIiftS, LARGR ASSORTMIINT. 45, HURS:,,AIARKET BfILEET, 45, WARRINGTON. PATRONIZR YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

2/6 PER INIPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND !Kbß. WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9. 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes' front Central and Lime-street Stations).

WHICH IS THE BEST CYCLE? WHY THE RALEIGH OF COURSE! FROM W. 11. BELLIES', MAKER OF THE 'ROYAL WARMAN. 115 -SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SOFT FAIR SKINI Face, Hands and Arms of deli:ate whiteness :n.ur. ed to tbos,:. Ladies who use Row 7 d s KAI Tag which rere,, R • ',leA. Ilectgtnr s Ijcut- aneoui d,fect, a .elne,s a lln de sate complexion. Sure, 3il Sold cv S :Jres. C},etnisti., Si A. Ro,Liod & Sous, Hatton Gwrden, London.

RUGB.? 1-00TBALL. '4IICKETERS will be glad to know that GRo. G ' BUQBEY an Co.'s Catalogue is out and may be obtsine from Sp ,ris Dealers, This Manufacturing Firm is always ben ton impmvements. Their new Compcund Ball " (A- LGID "is the moat perfect resemblance to the leather Match Ball that has been produced, costing utder half the plies For Leading Clubs CI. G. B. & Co'w " Duplex Cover" reigns paramount over all Cricket Balls. (No 61).

1 CRICKET BATS " Sloggor " 6,:3 - nicer " 7, 6 1i " Don " 10/6 WICKETS Ash (pain) 36 Kly Ash Ferruled 3 3 Ash Solid Tops 5, . Ash Revolving 6,9 ill " Eluggcess" 12/6 , Iron Shod, 9d.se6 extra LI 1600.11 (pat.) 15,-,17 0 lill-8n32. Wiitifate,;46 'chantLeLS .2v. „I 1 ' Bounderie. 21/. Suggeess ........ 'Ranker 4 6. 5 BATTING GLOVES Witeh \‘, 36,46.56,66,76,86 LEG GUARDS Ordinary I, W CKET-KEEPING 4/6, 5 6.6,6, 8,6 per pair 4 • -'-, t. GLOVES Semi-Skeleton. 5/3. 6'9 a„,.... , 6,4/6, 56, 6/6, 8 6,10 6 yB.gg, 10 6, per pair. 4 ;1 F CRICKET SKIRTS 8" "le' 8 6Per l'air. 11 I ' • 16, 29. 36, 46. It Liii CRICKET BOOTS .v. CRICKET BAGS Brown Leather. 6'6, 7,6. 10/6. (6,6/6. 76. 196. 12,6. Whites Buck. 6,6 126, 156.226. 27/13. FRANK ... ~ . . LOGUE , - ‘ '7: LORD ST - C,Alf FRi..E LIVER POOL -

PleasantDales9i,lTTl3:B2°c.na.s3s GOLD "'DAL 22 BXHIBITION HIGH- Makers AWARDS. Sedd rs,lronotanee • um.,:an London. • to6;.:1 D 6 uo/11:1:4: HAVE YOU A BAD LEG • With Wounds that dischame or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with Inflammation and swollen.that when you press yeur finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. withwTaa do 18 ,1:1 . old .dabaa cpedl nrOra wonderful u• rAnvrwaß;a:lti rh:P-e ---• Sr• s p: oaf; :161 which, if not extracted. you never can recover, but go on suffering rik death releases you. Perhaps your knees are sa ollen, the joints Toe ing ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and hadmcclical advice and been told your case is hopeless. or advised to submit to amputation; but cio not, for can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no mason I should. Send at, • once is Postal Order for Cs. 6d. to It. W. ALBERT, M Farringdomstreet. London, and you will receive a leo% of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is acertain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee,' Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Stands, an!' Bunions. inegisterecleopyright.,

THII WANT OFVTHEfIAY MAKES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW. ,roe' THR GREA- C RiTCHLEys. BOON o'o to, fre.wreidtotpoartengLauffet 113!nlhehn Lt coe Inet"de "!!' • I a a, <"q'y, does not stick to leols; • 11.! web - likeran!,o4, ; Once tried To V! -IA I ' 1' ,Er.l • wanted. Used - • • Royal Lann.f Should he um" , • hose. Sold by as ~t by Starch Schen; in PackezL and 6d. Prepared only I'. CRUM HMS, MO, but,'

-- CYCLIFS l IMMENSE BARGAINS. 6, 11, ~.. Iliwitrded List. 1.500 New and 5,..e g; <P band band Machines, 30s, to £5. s°' 6' 4.41 P t 4,1;,, AlSChia, 0, 1901. make, from £2 t I '- ocri 'i- "-- Single ~rehke at wholesale 1:01.0 Accessories, Agents Wants, Trade supplied.—WO & Co., Weston-super-are. / / .1

TOWLE's DI I PENNYROYAL LS & STEEL 4" I i• ;. FOR.: FEMALES. Periare of

cancrzy connwr ALL nataatmenrrins, routova Or' OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/li .2 2/9 (contains throe times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhero on recipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE& Co's Dryden tit,. Nottingham. ' seorthlon

ROYAL AJAX CYCLE‘ S: ON MONTH' PAYMENTSpieI Enormous Stock. voo and second-hand. qt do$P:4.° IN. MONTHLY rIC paid, Illustrated LISIS POST any actAresi. Lt A,CIP MANUFACTURING Co, tverpool. Branch 23 Manchester (Established IS°7"

A T certain seasons of the year the human system needs '- ftstrengthening and toning up This is one of them. 1 Winter leaves the Blood charged with impurities, the ,4 Bowels clogged, and the Liver sluggish One feels tired, , . languid, and weak, audit is with great difficulty that work 1! , ;of any kind can be done. This state applies more par- ticularly to women who are not too robust. What is t-• required is a medicine that will cleanse and regulate the A gi liver, an organ to which may be traced nearly all the ' ._i minovailments from which people suffer during change .1-- •11 _ of seasons. The best medicine for this purpose is BILE • i BEANS FOR BILIOUSNESS which act directly in ' upon the liver,and. by putting it in a heilthy condition, , all cure Constipation, Indigestion, Headache, Debility, 111 N. Anmia, and all the many ailments which .arise from a ii , - sluggish liver and defective bile flow. 1. . i... . ~ , ta 4•,,,, ~: pi LE.. ... , , :; 4::::k. `i..: . ' , .-- •, , .' tr 11',0:,, ‘ • . Send a penny stamp to 'pay packing and postage, and mention this paper, and the Proprietors will forward you a tree sample of Bile Beans. Address : The Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., 119 and 120, Landon Wall, km. I : London, E.C. rrl'i • 'WM It'. 7: ‘'.. '47* r a t- t'A . -,41 ~: ‘4 Eti „ 0 1 I ' tst 11l t v . Pi ) .4 ' DJ L i'' . 3'4 4:0 14 P., . el 111—g-1-1 .•. 11i

POSTAL I.FORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be port ed with Ordinary Postage, and with s.n Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham. Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwill, Nerrohurett a.m. —Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, ntretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford • 9-0 a.m.—Manslester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S B. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, sad the Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Wales and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Livereool. Preseet, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 2 p.m•—Liverpool, southoort, Orrnskirk. B tth. Hoed Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester Sliest Lancashire. and :Scotlaud 3 0 p. na. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cunsberland, W:gan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool Southport, Birkenhsad, Northwich Nantwieh and Sandbach 2.45 p.m. —Frodsham, Fro istaala Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, iturscorn, and Newchurch, Newtou-le Willows, Manchester p.m -Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey p,m.—Lynim, Thelwall, Ileatley 5 p.m.—St. Helens p.m.—Manchester .—Liverpool and Chester p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough. East Lincolnshire Yigan, Preston, N.-B. Lancashire, and West Cumber- nd 5-45, m.—Saturds ye only, Queenstown am! the U.S. America 6.15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-3.: p.m.—Preston. West Cumberland. Liverpool, Birkenhead Ormskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland LIST OF DESPAICHES wing the time to which a letter can be posted with orlst ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp Ordinary MAILS. Extra Postage. 'id. Stamp _ _

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION FIXTURES. WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. FIX TURES AND SCORES. 1900 Pte. Sept. For Agit 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford hotnelo 7 15 St. Helens home 0 0 22 Etockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 Oet. 6 Swinton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 20 Lana. v Cumber. away 21 2 23 Altrinehana home 22 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov. 13 Lana. v York ..• 4.. home 24 6 '3 WIdnes(S.W.L.&B.T. Cup Comp)home 23 7 10 Roohdale Hornets home 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 24 St. Helens away 7 0 Dec.. 1 Widnes home 10 7 8 Lana. v Cheshire away 30 0 8 Altrincham away 19 0 15 Salford away 0 13 22 Oldham home 0 6 24 St Helens (9 W.L.&8.T.0 Comp)home 6 6 26 Runeorn home 0 2 29 Rochdale Hornets away 3 2 Tan. 1 Mannlnghaat . away 26 3 6 S. I nton away 0 11 12 Wigan home 8 7 19 Miliom away 2 3 26 Barrow home 2 2 Feb. ~9 Leigh ....Away 0 0 5 Broughton Rangers home 2 0 .L 3 Stock port Mar. E, Leeds Cup Tie away 21 0 16 Heckmondwike Cup Tie home 19 2 23 Leeds Parish Church Cup Tie ll 0 30 Bradford Cup Tie lO 8 A pl 5 Manningham God 4 Friday 6 Minoru home 21 0 8 Leigh 14 M home 10 3 13 o.stleford Semi-Final 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Barlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, 8c Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, BliCkpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester. Oldham, Orrnskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale. Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe. London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, ",ester, Devonshire, Liverpool rth Wales,Preston,St.Re lens. Southport, and S .ahWales Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... NVlgan. All Parts—Genera Di lght Mall. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mall. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND W .L 1 ' ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: • WEER-Di:Ts. Sunday 10-15 a.m., 12-2 0. 1-30, and 8p.:11.

.t& . .• 73., , , , (T., AI rr.';il 9 ' 14 ''. ' * • g,i: .34 ‘.!1,,, '''''- • .7 k. , ;.kil 4M, 4 •0•1....?•5...- - i'l..- : .4: b;, 3 ,—. ANC , wzNe ' fkIGAG.' 6,IEN i i* I N GS. THE BEST VALUE AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES. (~..,.. ...---______- ~,..-.,-, _ *-,, ey.--Ti. 4.,-,e, - - - ------- ~ -- _ ~.., --_,-,•-•--------=;-,--•-;:----__•, , t, p IT ,_,74., . ;.---*".'-.IIV----.---'lll*- ti-•;-/(7-i.,t'• .4.-„ltiir. ~,,z/ -0-4,-T-."),_ .. . , sapphire., & Brilliant% , 4i,,r- ,Z(ki,(.,..41-'• ]:* '('A' . ~•„...",• kt; 1."'" ', , Rubies or Sapphire £l2 . 10s. idli..: :.--.,t i„...„1 4„t,,,.. ir. ... r.fi .vtri•Ark, ; and Baatits, I . _,, ~__::::ye. ILA • , - •,, IN. lin , :..h ....,.‘x.,; ~---j----..z.:-= --".±-s:*--..',_-_,‘ .. k ~` s , ,-1.,, ..._..... , •----7—. ~ i,''''',,,%'-f-t_,-7-.'itT 2J'------ ---------- ----- t r , • ' '1- ' ------`') &&,:o_f*P-r,' !,4, A.,, -. i•--,...-&-„,‘, --• . ~ --:. ---„,-rt &P. .., • i '--'.-.4.,-,---7.--- ,-,--) _fir 'a' -,,,,,-"'k:: .. ' l' •'. ....___. BrifliantsJc Rubies, ", ° ':4 '',,„,, r , w-%* A ....4 '9',,,, ' Brilliants, 22 . 10s. IT 0 014 ;- - •‘• •••:-..4, I 210. 1. '-*‘• i ' ~ • •, r --.. ' .', I ' .k.,,,'• i - ',,, • li,„-/- t Al . 1 ii. ~,- if, 11,1 .. 'T.,X:s."7 7 ( . .'4 ~,org " Ilk , -40, ', , (I, \,...„, . ,P,lll •mir. ••/, .• ,`• r? '•- ' , I', Vl' '- • Brilliants. , • Sapphires, , I, 1, '''' •.' " ~1,.,•, • , Ni , ' • (74c<r , 1111 gg . gs. ,•I /). ,o,••• -, _ ~.,t„ , . --- • ~....-„k„, 114 Sapphire & Brilliant, £6 . 15s. —13311111411 ' )1" ek: 1 ciq .............., ~,,;1,iL,,,....,, peal,,,, I:::,quoise, , ''' ~..-.70>;;;--%-;$ • FL f. I .ror:f,?Jad,..,• -'7%...-'• ,-., 'e,""l'lli .. " ' •,. '•i•-•• '"'"--,' 1 ) „„ 1 , Bri7Ealliant, --. J,,}dr!l,l f-ro''_---;-,,,,..'w_..,0eArd,,:r .1:1 ..: ‘... .4''''.. z..... '.....ie5, ~.:.e,,...\-. 11,111, 24 . 10a. 21 . 12s, • ili•-, = - ---_,--_-_-_!--_-: .-..-_,L.,.- - .-4"..._t__-_---,.-1-_ _ _ , -„,_.--g„,,,,N,,, _ -,,..),' , -. 4ire,,, .....- 'lap; p.iliv The Ladies' Presentation Watch and Chain, ' - In Case complete, £7 .10s. Brilliant & Rubies, Rubies & Brilliants, Silver English Levers, London Blade, from L 3 .10s. £2 . 14s. Ellinsa.nd JEWELLERY SENT PREE at our ri.,k. to nil Earts of the World for. r. 0.0., payable at iTATG4C.PH.O. OLD WATCHES and JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE , BENSON'S BOOK of Watches from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CELINE, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS. " IMPERIAL " and SILVER PLATE ..- and CUTLERY, &C. Sent Post Free. J. W. BENSON, Ltd., sten.? Factory, 62 & 64, LUDGATE.' .HILL, LONDON. NOTE.—Order Form and full particulars of "The Times" system of purchase Post Free.,

0 Ne $0....--..f.,1,89.411 1901 1 ioi itivo.;:,14,11;1".1-11,-: i' Jr 111811 1 ",..,.41, 1.,11-....1011. .'il . t:s r.' ii. '-• -.11 II . . , 11111111K2---clit 4''' i. 1, , 12'. 1111•,,, II . i 1 .-.0%,... —ail v it.l , k It . P-, I 111 , .. —i' 4 - 1 1, V 1 III; ill, t, ilti .. ! , II PH 1111011k1, 1 I 10 11111,4%fij if oli, 0 iih) 1 1111V111-iiiji gill gi . 1 LIIIIIIIII 11,1 11 11;,1,0'''w" 1' 1 LII I' lik ill I 111 I till 1411111 . iiilll4l°Tihe " PALMER pAil.s.P.tlh:Rmsitsrtelasielifeansttest. . i 1 The ".PALMER" is the easiest to detach. i i . ' ON PALMER HOLLOW RIM. Ask the Brzliss hk yvuoubrlkA.gent what he thinks of it. . Their replies will convince you. yyoPull.r :sr- The PALMER Tynn MANIA!, containing 1 Key Map and II Sectional Ts'oaa Maps of the United Kingdom, irce to all n7plirants to Palmer Tyre, Ltd., D'sllt'• P 40.39 alrminfra4lll. ) Made under Licenie , Neighbours. .

i KEATING'S 1 POWDER :• z,:tat, 5,,,,•, ,04, k, „4 , ~.f..1.,?, , ~:it1.,4,.,4 Irt A. . ~.-cv ~4 , ,=,. y - 1 k r ''Milf' tt,--VA. FLEAsiftlai '' - # _ -1 TINS: 3d., 6d., and is. i L THE NEW BELLOWS Sd , • ,

eettiams9 , 619 0111/-1 St CORES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS }MIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN ANDITHROSSINCIAND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. it Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. It you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1 of all Chemists. EETHAM & SOH, Chemists. CHELTENHAM.

PROMOTE A Healthy and Natural Development of the figure by wearing the f:9 A, . . . . • . .;.';'. ~,,.. •B• . ... _ ......,„ ~,.c,,:i...T m ENT_ *: .4 -.___ .....spRING , "CORSET. 11 eatrfiki in Construction. Unrivalled in Stite. Constructed to neeoniance with physiological Prin,lnl..°. sive no undue prowls% hut yield to the movement, Of It, body. and tile side supporta are un'rreaAnt.l.,. Modelled In dlttrreut shape. to suit varmil• trier of figural, tiler Yield a most graceful end rounded appearance. Prices, 311, 5/6, 6/11 and 1016. o'o:linable front Om pririciPal Drapers oral Ladles' Outtlitert, laii if any difficulty in procuring, Irrlta for name or nearest agent. .1 .. insist on 7 tavinr tlit 7. B. .Cl,lr-S 'rin ~, Corset—The Best IMPORTANT I—T,la•M=s sd everY .7. S. "root 1i absnlutelv duneanteT)iii airthe— aol.o ElArdirACTriar.u, . . 'i, • .• • • J.. !M. BLAIR , 4 10 ''.. '. '• . 'GREAT ANCOATS ST.,MANCIIESTER:

••• • • 0 0 0 A thoroughly reliable beverage 0 (;) used in the household, field, or g ° camp, is Symington's Edinburgh 8 0 ; Coffee from all small Essence. In and large .0 (.) 9. (,) • •.0000000000000•000000. t

THE GREAT REMEDY, 85,14 A 43, GOUT FOR GOUT. 12.111UMATISI CIA e ICA. LUMBAGO. The excruchttitut Plin ii quick:y relieN ed. StirP. SAfe effective. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2. 9d. per box

THIO NW FRENCH RYBIEDY. THEP,X.Pi()N This sac:meal and highly 4 _. • popular remedy, ss em ploy& In the Continental Hospitlis y Ricord Rosten,,Tob.rt, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employeci for impurity of the blood, spots. lotches, peins and swell- ings of th. joints, kidney, bimider. end urimsry diseases, stricture, discharges, putts, ersvel, palns in the ack, rheu- matism, gout, e i.stion,sleeplebstiess.nervon• :ad physical nobility eta. "I'berespionils prepitheii In'three ii,"erent forms Nos: 1,2, and, 3 •according to disees3s for wt ,eh intended. Pull particillars send stamped addresses envelope for pamphlet to YR. R. JOHNSON,Vr HOLFORD-SQUA_RP, LottSo3. .0.

A FREE GIFT g of a aeries of Charming Miniature ILLUSTRA- g . TIONS of utirl,4lllNE STERL PLATE no ENGRAVINGS emit BEAUTIFUL GRAVURE-, B, WILL BE PRE-ItIITED ENTIRELY FRES OF ~0 g CHARGE to every Reider of the Wanington Exarnlcer" applying at the office, of the City T. of London Fine Art Society, Victoria Avenue, Bishopagate. London. RC.; or they will be forwarded to buy addresa (at home or nhroad) on receipt of three stamps and this coupon.

i \ ir' • ,‘ 1"..4.10.: ...,- . , 4 .14'...-"...- 1 i 7*,.5 611/1300 I % - di k \'..•.. ~,,.. 1•..• 6ssenCe illseev 1 :—..n.f5.,:.:...',i,.-;,::. .....„0„,- . ; .. ...1 .......'-,-,;164 ktfOUGI4S . ' 1. , ~ f ist4').‘4•ol.p.s ASTHMA r. . BRONCIIITI'S. .1 .16...1L4' -•- ~ :II . ' OM.s.--. - - s 35 YEARS k ii .1 --PROVEN EFFICACY. I'l , AI EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY- ' L.COSENS PHLEGM. ~ ALLAYS COUGH- GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF. .:. Il "L:NUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. •:- 1 FOR INDIGESTION A ITS EVILS: jj Sei+CiADACHE • 84L10U5 DERANGEMENT • &e. . 11 Ilk_AN• AGREEABLE APERIENT. . 11 • "KAYS TIC PILLS .:. •:. CURE FAGEAGNE & NEURALGIA. 111 •. . REFUSE SC/5.57777/TES. 4 •:,.. ii ' 2.01.044.4:,-C4EMISTS THRO::::riOU-T OPEAT BRITAIN & IKE C 01.01445.; ...,.. ,......„ ..._._,_ ~,,._.,„„ --...-

PREE SAMPLE CASE —._.____________,_ , por-, • ,zn ,7 . coN-rmNiNGnANHu • BREAEtAkakers , HAAHU ' 40/ RICE . TA?ICCA a •" ' 0 / ''. i)5l- . tUIDE" HEALTH-. :' ' 0 ysi 1011 S' 11 101)/A, POTAcE • .. , , U A • _AO:11 pie co 0 9 L. 7, :•,, lff:4", 0 ', ' L o • r VAUXHALL M t LLSI • tj'y.'"- .' . • LIVERPOO - L , —_

MANLY MEN Why satfAr from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Prernatnre Rxbaustlon, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, wbico shows Inw every roan, young and old, can be thorougb.y and quickly cured srlehuut 13TOSTACH !MEWL N Ifl or LICOTRIOITY. k • Specimens of leers received. nun ovarinteed genus " I cannot fled words to express nau...o, A am. I used r thikl never would ges cur. I wish 1 had seen Your a nve-tisement at first, I 'bead have saved many pounds -.( yM.- " I fLave earn .‘1 out your InstruCtions and am now pe, fectly J.ler, Book rent sealed, post tree, for two stamps. J. LRIGn. 92 and 93, Went Russell Street. I,,ndort, W.C. Bend at onen and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Suoo

Breakfast is often spoiled by to the poorness of the Coffee. It can be made any strength by using SYIVIINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. _

1 eRieKETe" TENNIS:" Cyciinz, Ronning, and all Sporting Requisites 1 Mn- be obtained of • ~. * 17"0.'s % ILd o HOLBORN, LONDON, E.G. THE CHEAPEST, BEST, AN MOST LIBERAL HOUSE IN THE TRADE. Write or Call for Illustrated Catalogue. Prompt attention given to all Country Orders. Orders over 10s. Cal riage Paid (unless otherwise stated). - - 1 xu---4tc, ~,, ,TENNI3 BALLS. 1 TENNIS RACKETS. T! e'l Camage." the B(M.t Ball in the • Nitrite. ; regulation size and w. igb p . -..., . iur ' kr0"...**M.,1 Ayrelis - v,sl Tni,ion ".. per G.,`'L iv- ,. rt , , siazvngers'elnimpion .= .. 100 " • ,- ) Tit "Referee" Felt Covered " The E. D. Black Tennis Racket, sad cemented .. .. ~ .. 76 1ii............_ guaranteed, 2018 Ha lunge's Practice • • .- ~ 54 ~....5.,,Q„,k, Poles und Nets complete •• turn 9)- . Cedar Handlel full size, 3,11 : The Fish Tail.. be --__ The Ramage "Champion," 619 : The "Referee" • 91- eATTING GLOVES.- -E- The: Holborn," close strung .. .. _ .. .. Rel 6 Whiteleather,C;roeigsti,bzz: ten's from 4. . .._E The "Demon" (Slazenger's) .. .. - •• BATS. GAUNTLETS. Half-Cane Handle, size 4. 213; size 5.211: size 6 Fd.: All-cane Handle, size& 34; size :,. 419; sire 6• • P.-. --2 Cliathnis Leather, men's 211. norb.' .. • • 98 Selected All-Cane, Men s• • .• •• •• int. .7,(3 chamolaVentilattal. men's 3,9; ,$,..,1:A. • . •. _ 71,6 ‘. 1 e Superior A 11-Cane„Yen's- .. • • • • 916, 11/6 '-- Cams gels Yorkshire " Driver." wl rya nted.. .. 144 .• I- ..7. Ontul ge' 6 specially selected 'Referee,' guaranteeu 174 • Ami• CRICKET SHIRTS. f L .._. The "Gamage " Patent Double Spliced Bat „ 184 ---- Ii• 4 - All Wool Wll' to Fln nlEtEl -• CRICKET BALLS. • ,I gl , 3/11, 4111, .b.lt . TIE3IIOI33IELE, Shim WL.l.s. • I fErmagA's A tittrallln Catgut sewn • - . • • • 51. 1 Fil'inlllaitZdat.alaist626,l 1,..........$ Gamage's "Referee ''3-SCIIII Match • • . - • • 4/41 . .' • 4 Gamage's "Club" Me tell 11311. 3 seam, '• - • • 316 - lii Fine ' . Composition Balla, Tombs', IV. ; match. f 4 o,- ed. ' FLANNEL au; , "Eclipse," match ise, 19. Postage Z.l. ..I t TROLISERLI. . r.,...,. 1 • LEG GUARDS. Plain White. 511. 611, %.1.. r....irstauiwira ronullw 33 ' the":B - • • 36 . 8 11, 10 11. 12 I .11s , 54; Dien 8 .. . • 5,11 • GtW, Pl3lO or strli.•-• - ' STUMPS. 411. C 11, 9 1. Poy.hed 4414, youths' 26 in., 1:5; 18 in. 1111 . - ' UMPIRE COATS. suoer 8i.wayen..i,5.26a,.211, as in,2,9 , men,B 3/_ White Thick, all 5.7.•,. 611 : super quality .. 10 11 , gapir Braas Tops, Steel Shoesscuatlif4 216 imSn's 4'll qualar •• •• • • •• •• 5,11. ao. 9,8 TENNIS OR CEICKET JACKETS. Dian; ditto, with Revolving Tops .. .. .. ill/ ~ Plain Cokaßs, C ded Edges •. • .. .. 3 11. 6 C Speed.. d ~.., • i ~ors. fn Stiipcs, llyE•El E•• •El EI,E . ......'. ..:. '•-• '-.:,, . '._ ' • • lEscilliaces Free. . .ile;`....'..AlitlMl& 1...,,,.. I • ,i.,:5z'6•_._:.62tfv,,,,1....r: / ; -011-ISsm • " ' CRICKET' OR TENNIS BELTS. ...--_-s:ars2.l.=-7.- Elastic Weh Plain CnEe iirA and Stript,•• ELL ..11•1101‘.1. ' ' E 1.;_•••-•.,-,-=,-, , ' _RI I•'' • i • • _ . CRICKET BOOTS AND • , J„ , • ---------_Y- 7 - ill ~ ~,,, f-4 __ ___-r--1 , , - TENNIS SHOES. 1 Buckskin Cricket 130ot - ~r---._ -,-;---'''' -: ,'" _ .. • - 11T9. 105,126, 14 6, 184, 21,- _ _ ....._ _ _ t , \et, The 'Referee:' Tenn is shoe. Tee Calf . : • a White Buckskin- ' 114.10.46 m . _:. NETS. '‘'rown or -mote Canvas Shoes, with Back Nets _.. ~ -• .. • • corn f.le /in from 83 4riti B plain or corrugated Rubber Boles, Double Wing Nets .• - - •• 179 The County Council Regulation Net (with Ilooil : as _ ---- from 26 - A. W. GAMAdE, Ltd., Holborn, London, E.C.

H LL Ays PILLS (30:C tilioas and limns Disordetts, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACE, Sc. 2,IAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY Ae.de 'ram IWALID, THE -YOUNG and THE OLD. tria.nufacLured only at : 3, rl,,:y oy.f,/rd Street. London, and sold by all Chemists and Modlelne Vendors

BRITAIN'S' BEST- BICYCLE. • . gli .mto' .....4411.411141.• .: J.. .. ,I• . .1 al: ..1.0.1.4 C .4., • . -. • 4" ' ' . ' '47-1. •1#&4! trlN.;s,-...-1 ~„„, . DEPOTS iVer IN ALL 1741, 44' _ - EVERY IV, ''''' ir. • CHIEF ~ ,A, _ wii1............. ,V.,7,.... , ,ri, .4. FULLY A 01 'Wig ) TiI,VNS. it , ft, OUARANTEED __ . . 1 test ' p: • 4 , I 1. .4,- a 1 A., * • lexuseJ 4, • • el I) ...- •,...-..r ...,w , %, A, 4-t-fr\ 4?' ' ...t. cs.f.• tvt,. :, $l.lO lIIN9IIII a._ ff.l 14.17:W..:‘ . -,1:;:. ' ...., -et .bl2l/0 wf. Nye& . 'es, 4b El 4 04,,T—atibil • . -, ivie Au' 040 ,o 4-.110 I 4; :...-,:-.,2•f-r ::' 10 Guineas Cash''' STANDARDS . . - 1 011 'Guinea per Month IN 12 /NSTALMENTIL ' 15 :Guineas Cash SPECIALS .. WO 111•1 Mil °I 1,4 Guineas, .per Month I. IN 19 INSTALMIIII7I3. Catalogue and full information post free on appticatigartori 1.-, •• ri 0 rrr RUDGE-WHITWORTH, Ltd. Head Office. COVENTRY. .. LOCAL kCENCIES :—Warrington ...Syndicate Ltd., 79 Bridge St, Warrington. J. & S. Churchill & Co., Cross [ale Earlestown. R. Tebbutt Victoria Rd. Widnes J S. MoLEAN & Co., 5t Duke St., St Helens. Rudge Whitworth Ltd., .or Bold St. Liverpool.

LADIES • GERTS 1 1,115 S ARE FOR THC VERY BEST & MOST UP-TO-DATE A.',y,, ( C ' At60,?:;41/4 Free o Fixed 'S‘ lieela i :`, 'Carriage Paid. r DlBo' 'Mt for Cash. ef i/t),;.• —.. LICI II.„,„.. , 1 .os. 1412 . ' lio os. zio os. od. •• 16/8 monthly.£12 OS. 20,- Pa Hatkerloy Bard Wpm/14de BtAnd, £l3 135. 212.9 ,11 25.8 d. Handle Red Eaaket, lOW. .£l4 145. 24,6 ' sr Write at once for Nner SEt.sotr's LIST of JUNO Cycles strl AOcetsoriea, over 100 pages, sent post free. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO. LTD., 73. Bishopszate Street Without, London, E.,C.,, •ND PICCADILLY Ciacim. LoNDC.II, W.

FOR FIRST-CL.AES PRIWAT TEEM. aopoletmente c•ii,lareceangssetd.ry,,tnit may be TEETH. All consultations free. • I TEETH. Barb Patli.n"afrr:(lrebbqiirtiind the "t TEETH. Gold and cther flap at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D.. kho Lady Attendants. Erthe-to b the aid TEETH. P-'4le" Hlntiaer•Dreane Oxide. 7 TEETH. Maker to llettlitk :2,733 calla weekly. Ifkors. of tte Iste J. H P ARKINSON (DENriet. B REAkk MANCHESTER.— MUSLEY-STRELCI (Telepbon• MR. MADDISON .ATTENDS ST. lEtEN _GEORGE.sTREECT MONDAI , 930 e.0t..:0 ,3 SATURDAY, 9.30 s.nz. to 5 pm WA RRINUTON SANK ET-STREgI WEDNESDAY, 2 to C. RUNCOfIN ..... ..... .31, BRIDOE-STRENI THURSDAY. 2 to 5. NOR2HW 1(.111,..... 18, AITVHARKEr-STRES/ FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 3.

IN MEMORIAM. 0111. In ever loving memory of our dear father. William who fell asleep April 15th 1E93. a:. Grove House, Dowel,'- " We shall meet agaln."—LtlcY.

FRIARS GREBN, Warrington Otd An)ley Stii- • Also at MANCHESTEIR-ROAD. aztelissetaitgbl" Se T. WARD AND Co MONUMENTAL SCULPTOR', MARBLEI•IA.SONS, BcC"t" Makers of all kinds or Ceimr.,..c Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Ponta. Headstones in Dean"' Marble, and Stone. Designs and ItisUrnateis Pre& LETTIIR CUTTING. AND °LIMNING WILISTI NCI 310NUMEINTs A SPRCI a LITY.
