===== 0002601_19010315_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

kitior Ist -,MOTII POSTERS. A SPECIALITY ...pIYtoTH POSTRRS. LARGE TYPE tt .MAIOTH POSTERS. FO ;:.°4IIIIOTH POSTERS. THE MUST STRIKING V„itviNloTE POSTE ns. POSTER ri.mmon, POSTERS. Produced in he Country, ,„ABIBIOTH POSTERS. 41Am.-110TE POSTERS. A S— CIALITY.

I )RINTING, BOOKBINDING,

AND LITHOGRAPHING,

.„

ERG E JACKETS I SEROF J ACK ETS ! Li Bvery workman should have one of HAMM'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Rerge Jackets. strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65. BYROM-STREET. Liverpool.

WHITE STAR Ll NE ROYA MAIL STBAMB.IS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORE 'a Queenstown. TBUTONIC...Wed., Mar. 20 MAJESTIC... Wed., April 3 GERMANIC.. Wed., Idar. 27 I OCEANIC ...Wed.. April 10 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of ! eharge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply to ISMAY, TIME, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Coeltspur IStrait 9 WI •• ii 34, Lesdeabiall stre tz, I.ondon

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE'COMPLAINT- MRS. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine torn the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the mole Wholesale Agents.' W. EDWARDS & SON 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul s. London, are ' engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold i Boxes at 28.9 d. each by most Chemists.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS 1! THE LATEST HOVE TIES SUITABLE YOU PRESEh LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W4LLKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES kht)JVI:3ED IE giii AN DOUR FROM MAD. T. BRIERLEY, 19, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. •

• LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING. IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES. PROGRAMMES Pon BAZAARS. dROGRAMMES Fos SALES OF WORK.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

1311W8RY-STRBET, WARRINGTON.

PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH. SERMON, LECTURE, SALE, and other POSTING BILLS may be had in a few hours. Magazines, Periodicals, 'and Music Bound in various styles of Binding.

LEDGERS, JOURNALS, CASEBOOKS, AND ALL COMMERCIAL BOORS RULED AND BOUND TO ORDER, Orders by Post promptly attended to.

DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, K EATING'S COLOR LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for ooughing, ORb Keatlng'a Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. TT u TTERLY UNRIVALLED. 'UTTERLY UNRIVALLED, Sold everywhere hi tins 131 d, each or free on receipt of stamps, from THUMAN ;MATING-, Chemist, London

(ThornaTT mwc.)? MOSLEY-STREE r (Telephone 1680),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, ---31. BRI DGE-STRERT

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH.—....IB, APPLE MARX ET-STREETI FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND EZiCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMES-LIREET. LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAVEMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS, :A6. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chspel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING- A SPECIALITY. Telegrams HOLLINGWORTH. Latchford."

t.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
MORTON AND ASHLEY,

ELECTRICAL & MECHANICAL ENGINEERS, 2, RNIITSPORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES GIVEN F AIM CLASSES OF ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL WORK. SHOPS, OFFICES. ix 6., WIRED UPON MOST REASONABLE TEEM. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

UrUINNHSS'S _DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES &LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To betted in OAHE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWICHE ROAD. WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw -stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

UNDER THE CLOCK

IN BRIDGE STRICT, WARRINGTON

FOR GOOD BOOTS.

"A 508. WONDERFUL WATCH.' A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE sitvio.ENtiLlSH PATENT LKVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fist in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS This watch is timel to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bong- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZNS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at manse price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND CO.. WP tchmakere THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington, N.H. Bent post free to 11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, &c., MANURE. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. ANALYSIS—NITROGEN AMMONIA PHOSPHATES PRICE .£2 15s. PER TON. At Yard or Free on Rails. Bags Pram. 6 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. Compare the price and analysis with other manures. The Manure is sent out in dry friable condition to ensure even distribution enil little labour in sowing, and is free from any objectionable smell. After last Season's most satisfactory reports from cue tomers I have every confidence of again clearing out all my Stock and will be glad to receive Orders Early.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

Roams HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOTING COUGH The celebrate 4 elreetusl HOOFING COUGH ciazthozzternal HOOPING COUGH Of all7:aemiata prices HOOPING COUGH 44. per bottle. Sole W holesale Agents. (17;cErt)DwAVRI:tso&riaSOSNirle5e7t, BRONCHITIS CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL trAIBROCATION.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOHODYNIi. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GEN (MIR. OfILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to kj be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dim covered. rIFILORODYNE is tbe hest remedy known for ‘...) Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. 011 LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtherm, Fever, Croup, Ague. CiILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is,the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CIILORODYN effectually mitt; short all attacks E of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. usHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, meningitis, se.

_ . From Dr. B. J. BoULTON AND Co., Horneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from wh stever cause. It lath:toes a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that It leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to th.:, College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was ORLORO- DYNII."—See Lancet, let December. 1864. CAUTION.—BE WARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA. TIONS CAUTIoN.—Vice-Chanoellor Sir W. Pao x WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLtra BROWNE was an loubtedly, the inventor ct ..OHLORODYNE " edict that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to ay had been sworn to.—See 'me:, 13thaTnudly4,81.86d64. None is . getulid in bottlesnewiiout atelws. iorte '2os 119. dj, COLLIS BROWNE'S oHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm; ing Medical testimony nooompantes each bottle

===== 0002601_19010315_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DZAR Nmr...ux,

I have seen a very pretty blouse which is corm posed of a very soft shade of lilac silk, with the brightening addition of a fine white mousseline vest, and a bar of white braid-lace threaded through with lilac ribbon. There is one shade of lilac that suggests serenity and old-world peace more than any other colour, and it is the one that is allied so well with pure white. None of the red shades of purple, such as plum, that achieve ultimately the white tints so popular, Itre per- missible for half-mourning.

Millinery more _ Indefinite, but tl aspect of it as a whole is still low and broad, and much tulle is used, while wreaths of white leafless blossoms are held in high regard. In England so few frosted-leaf sprays have been seen that they should be tried upon half-mourning toques, and there are purple looking one, touched with frost, that really would be most appropriate. Does anyone miss the gourah plume that used to wave over every second smart toque seen? It seems to be taking a rest, and even ostrich feathers are less often seen than they were, owing to the liking for flower and leaf adornments, and the many fancy quills.

A very nice black-cloth gown is trimmed with "black silk strappings, five of them being placed at equal distances round the lower part. These strappings could be in cloth if so preferred. Cloth wears bettoi than silk. The bodice is chiefly made of cloth, but the front is almost covered with silk tucks, arranged in groups of five, each group out- lined with silk stitching. The right front crosses 11ight17 over, fastening by means of loops and little let buttons. The collar is in the wide, fiat shape that provides epaulettes. The upper part of it and the muff are made of astrachan. The hat was a stitched silk crown, and was trimmed with black silk poppies and glac6 silk, fastened on with jet buckles. This dress is very useful, as it is both smart and comfortable, without being in the least elaborate or expensive. The blcuse especially is at once warm and simple. The sleeves are in the new shape which widens at the wrists °vur pointed undersleeves.

The little silk coatees and the more expensive velvet ones will be as useful as any small wrap for March. They mark the transition from deep to hall-mourning, for they are most charmingly made of grey and purple shades in every variety, and for very smart wear even in white. London is too smoke-begrimed a city to permit white to be wear- able in winter, but fancy the charms of a white silk coatee, tucked all over as such little coats must be, or one of white velvet with delicate traceries of silver embroidery upon the edge. The salient feature of the velvet coatee should be a very narrow bordering of embroidery done in floss silks and silver. There are infinite varieties of purples and greys to be bought. Inquiry should be made for smoke, pavement, pastel, and silver grey, and for amethyst, hyacinth, orchid, and eminence purple. The most fashionable ruffles are of accordioned glaeiS silk edged with the narrowest possible hand e! fur, or with velvet-ribbon. Ostrich-feather boas —which seem likely to retain their popularity in- definitely—are very short and full and their ends are finished with falls of lace; black, white, or " old-lace " colour according to taste.

A dress a friend was wearing was composed of black Irish frieze strapped with Melton cloth or black silk, the strappings being outlined with silver. The lines of stra.ppings round the skirt are inclulating waves. The vest, collar and cuffs are in white panne, trimmed with stripes of black cloth and furni.lie,l wiLh tautens and loops a black cord. The undersleeves are white panne. The short-basqued coat is of a shape that promises to be much worn when the weather is milder, and the collar may also be taken as a model of the mode to come.

The straight-fronted corset is universally worn smart women, and is undeniably a most rational style. Evert if the wearer laces tightly, he doe, not draw in the corset unduly over the ribs, ;tnd pressure at the back and sides is less harmful And more easily endured. Much of the unsightly prominence below the waist was really created by the corset, which drew in to the front waist line, and a corset of the same siza as usually worn, if it has a straight front, is immensely more comfortable, and gives even a smaller effect than the old style. Black silk dresses have come in again' and are enriched with all sorts of stitchings and pipings and tuckings. One of them has the skirt arranged in longitudinal tucks, about three-quarters of an inch wide. On each of these was laid a very open insertion of black guipure, which gave a very handsome appearance to the gown. The yoke was guipure over dull black silk, and the sleeves had several band of th 3 guipure on tucks running from shoulder to wrist.

Your loving JENNIE.

„ tx iffs ' ( ,•,„ ,"4 _: , .. / , , / 0.111314 / / ‘7•704. ,/ , • • ~,,,7-7/ 0--rs :,,,,,, ..Sls4 '""-- becomes - and more '

4g^•131," ' CA g ger , • •

' I 11 ;„, , d;.,,,,, 7 ii:',-4, ,7, -, ti,i,,,,,,,,-1t...-*/), / ~.\:://// ,/, ; .•,,//„ ~,,,,,/,,,4,/, y / • ~/., i. fr, ,\.,,,„,,, i ~ ~,o, \\,,,/, 1/4, i_i k ~,,, /,/, ~,„ ,\ c , ~ ~ , „ „ A _- 4 Uri ,\, • '

===== 0002601_19010315_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUZ.

E P PS'S

GFATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

3REAKFA,ST--SUPPER,

WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Queen Consort has almost completed the at paint- meats in her new Household, and the Dtinheme of Bur- elecuti instill to be *stress of the Robes. There was some doubt whether there would be a Mietress of the Robes, but it seems to have been decided that Her Majesty is to have all the hottours, as if she were a Sovereign reigning In her own right. Another favourite of Queen Victoria's who is included in the new Household, is the Countess of Antrim, who retains her position as a Lady of the Bedchamt er. Miss Knellys, who has so Img been the intimate friend of the Queen. and her daughters, n•w becomes a Woman of the Bedchamber, and the Maids of Honour are Miss Mary Dyke, rhe lion. Sylvia Edwardes the Hon. Derothy Vivian, and the Hon Vine' Queen Victoria had, during her long reign, hat ten Mistresses of the Robes. The first lady to be annointed to this. the highest position a woman can hold in the Royal fleusieheld. was Harriet, Duchess of Sutherland, I who was three times Mistress of the Robes, next came Charlotte, Duchess of Buccleuch; the others being Anne, I Duchess of Atholl ; the Dachess of Manchester ; the Duchess of Wellington ; Elizabeth. Duchess of Areyll ; Anne, Duchess of Sutherland ; the Iluchesa of Bedford ; and the Duchess of Roxburg. In 1885. the Duchess of Buccleuch was made Mistress of the Robes, and she was again filling this important post, at the time of the late Queen's death. The Duchess of Bucoleucb, who is quite the most exclusive woman ir society, comes of a ducal family, noted for its great beauty—that of the Duke of Abercern Her various entertainments at Montagu HouQe, White- hall, to which an invitation is deemed an honour indeed are magnificent, and one of the greatest features of the London season. Montagu House is built upon the site, of the old residence of the Dukes of Montagu, whirsh was demolished some forty years ago, to make place foe the present structure. In style it is Italian, and has a line hall and staireaae, and the picture gallery contains many valuable cenoaees by the old treaters. The picturesque terrace rarden overlooking the Embankment and the Thames, is the admiration of all privileged to see it. The new Bishop of London is generally considered to be a High Churchman though broad-minded and inde- pendent in his religious views. Dr Winnineton berm, is full of energy and earnestness in hie work, and no clout these qualities have had something to do with his erornotion to the arduous position of the Bishopric of London. It was thrueht that either the Bish,p of Winchester or the Bishop of Rochester would succeed the late Dr Creighton, hut it may he doubted whether Dr Davidson, or Dr Talbot, would have the physical strength to cope with the duties. Dr Ineram, on the other hand is a comparatively young man, his age being but 43, and he is a bachelor. It is long since London bad a bachelor Bishop. and some surprise has been ex. Pressed at the selection of Dr Ingram on this FPS e It bairerver, this is an objection, it is capab'e of being remedied. and as a Suffragon Bishop in the Diocese of London, he has already displayed the qualities which are required, in his now more responsible position. Once again there are rumours to the effect that Lady Ulric' Duncembe, whose brief engagement to rhs Winnington-Ingram somewhat startled Society two or three years ago, is about Co enter a charitable insetution as Lady Superior. Lady Ulrica is the youneest of Lord and Lady Faversham's daughters. The eldest of We beautiful quartet—The Duchess of L'ineter—died of consumption some few years hack, in the eery zenith of her attractiveness, but Lady Helen Vincent whose beauty dazzles all who see it, and Lady Cynthia Graham, are happily still with us. Unlike her sisters. Lady Critics cares nothing for fashion or Society, her t ast( a lying in quite opposite directions. The Free Churches have been holding some great meet- ings in the Park Hall at Cardiff, which is stated to be the largest hall in Wales. No lees than a thousand repre- sentatives have attended from the Free Churches, of England and Wales. The Federation report makes some complaints against what is called " Angliean Tyranny." It does not bring a general charge of persecution against the Anglican Church, bet the Council says "there is no doubt whatever that in the rural districts the Free Churhes are regarded by the bigoted sacerdotalists as weeds and pests, which must be rooted out and dee- treyed." and the report gives several specific instances of spiteful oppression displayed towards the Nonconform- ist's!. The general reports were such as to afford to the Federatien reasons for congratulation. no fewer than 87 new Councils having been opened during the year. , Outdoor exercise is happily thought more and more of, as time goes on, and at the present moment that best of all exercise—walking—is in great favour. Given a proper amount of outdoor life, unlimited tubbing,plenty Of fruit, fresh and stewed; also green vegttablee ; and little in the way of greasy foods, cakes. pastry, sweets. and all highly seasoned dishes,a good complexion should ha our let. But to resume. Tennis promises to find fewer devotees this corning season, croquet having in great measure taken its place in our affections. To all but the quite young, and very energetic, the latter is by far the more desirable game; and from an artistic paint of view there is nn comparison. Few women look their best when heated and dishevelled, a state of affairs ;- possible when croquet is concerned The new cretonne appliqr es would seem to have a considerable future before them. On linen and cotton gowns they look particularly well, and the process comes quite within the scope of the home wetter. The most delightful schemes of colour and arrangement lie this way, and the Outlay need only be infinitesimal. Appliql:ea of brocade are also well to the fore, being used on plain soft silks, with excellent effect. All soft fabrics are the vogue nowadass, wiry, assertive materials finding no place in Fashion's van. Even silks are dressed limp, the glace and Japanese varieties for example, once so crisp and fittn, being as limp and soft as the rest. Since the Duchess of Marlborough first set forth the charms of a large Charles I collar, in deep vandykos, there has been quite a run upon this particular accessory, both in guipure and Irish point. That these collars are a desirable addition to • toilette. goes without saying, I since they induce the shuolders to assume the droop now deemed so eminently correct. The edge of many a fashionable tunic is being finished in vandyker, to bear out the idea, clouds; of billowy flounces issuing from the maces between the points. Such is the ptesent variety in the style of trimming, and shape of headeear, that there in no pessihle excuse for a woman settling upon an unbecoming idea. Vet how often is one's sense of " fitness " outraged in this was'. There in. for instance, the p'ump. round-checked damsel, who will pin her faith and tiff, ctions upon a tcque Smaller than her face,and again therein the woman with a long thin face. who persists in wearing either an enormous bat, or a tiny toque. Then as to trimmings, generally speaking the low, all round style is net becom- ing, ard the upright trimmings are not permissible.—A little tact however is all that is necessary to combine the becoming with the fashionable. The toque or hat can he 'raised well on the left side, thus giving the desired height, or the trimmings so arranged as to give this effect, without being of the upstanding order. If we seek them ways may always be found in which we can adapt a mode to our eenecial requiremente and there- in lies the secret of the really well-dressed among us. The taking of the census, on the last day of the month, is no doubt necessary. but many women have more than a sentimental objection to disclosing their see—and to them, the census paper is an abomination. This is particularly the case witk, women working and living in large drapery or other business establishments. When the paper is passed round it ;s not pleasant to those who have long passed the "atenei g still slaae" to have all their secrets become common knosvlesge. More- over the discloeure might jeopardise the position of an assistant with her employer. We are often told that men ere " too old at forty," but women become " too old." long before that age, and it can easily he under- stood that the census paper becemes a terror, and a i erent ncentive to he untruthful, to many women when their means of livelihood may depend upon it. •• MADGE.

im- I

===== 0002601_19010315_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Security in

Wiff Sweeten tha Breath al day* and make all the difference bre Absolutely cure Sick" Headache, tween— silioz,ness, Torpid Liver. ,ilskii• JANA Teeth and Bad Teeth. gestion. Constipation, Dozztness. • .1111 b teeth and Ye low teeth, Furred Tongue, They Touch the 1 Liver. flinty Teeth and Ugly Teeth sz-r). a. sui an 5.4=6._,.,; , con‘pie,ie.iz ,74,,,,,,,..t ~--0,-,:.,... 7,,.

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION FIXTURES.

There is A fete Irops en the toothbrush every morning CARTER'S .40006, ITTLE IVER Small rill. of Small Dose. PILLS • efr

===== 0002601_19010315_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR RINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900 Pte. Sept. For Agit 1 Wldnea away 6 3 8 Salford home;lo 7 15 St. Helens home 0 0 22 Rtockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 Oct. 6, Swinton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 • 20 Lane. v Cumher. away 21 2 20 Altrincham home 22 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov. 13 Lane. v York ,..,. home 24 5 3 Widnes(S.W.L.&B.T. Cui7Oomp)home 23 7 10 Rochdale Hornets home 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 24 St. Helens away 7 . 0 Dec. 1 Whines home 10 7 8 Lane. v Cheshire .......... 8 Altrincham away 19 0 15 Salford away 0 13 22 Oldham home 0 6 24 St Helens (S.W.L &8.T.0 Corap)home 6 5 26 Runcorn home 0 2 __ _ . . . ..

29 Rochdale Hornets away 3 2 Jan. 1 Manninghana away 26 3 6 Se inton away 0 11 12 Wigan home 8 7; 19 Mil!om awity 2 3 26 Barrow borne 2 2 Feb. ~3 Leigh ....away 0 6 .5 Broughton Rangers home 2 0 -•.3 Stockport home 10 3 Mar. 2 Leeds Cup Tie away 21 0 Heckmondwike Cup Tie home 19 2

Cup Tie Cup Tie A pl. 5 Good Friday 6 Millom home 8 881 lo,igh home 13 Semi-Final 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

RUNCORN FIRST TEAM.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND SCORES.

1900. Pt., Sept. For Arat 1 Barnd.r home 10 8 Swinton away 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens away 11 0 99 Millom away 5. 0 Oct. 6 Oldham home 8 2 13 Widnes away 0 10 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 40 27 Warrington home 10 8 Nov. 3 Stocknort away 5 n 10 Cheshire v Cumberland, Cheshire 11 3 17 Wigan home 34 24 Baltord away 10 11 Dec. 1 Barrow away 4 8 8 Cheshire v Lancashire Cheshire 0 30 . 15 Stockport home 17 2 . •22 Wigan away 5 0 28 Warrington away 2 0 29 Leigh home 15 0 1901. Jan. 1 Birkenhead Wanderers home 19 3 5 Rochdale Hornets .away 8 , 0 12 Millom home 22 8 19 Leigh away 3 0 __ _ _

26 Salford borne 4 0 Feb. 9 Broughton Rangers 2 7 16 St. Helens home 5 0 23 Oldham away 3 11 Mar, 2 Wigan Cup tie borne 18 0 9 Leigh Cup tie home 18 4 13 Swinton home 14 3 23 Cup tle 30 Cup tie Apl. 5 (Good Friday). 6 Widnes home

WIDNES FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1003. Pre 13, pt. For Agst 1 Warr-Tinton home 3 6

8 Wigan " llWlty -6 i 15 Barrow home 10 2 22 Swinton sway 2 10 Leigh home 2 3 Oct.

-6—Salford away 0 27 13 Runoorn home 10 0 27 Rochdale Hornets away 0 13 Nov. 3 Warrington(S.W.LAS.T.Cupo.)away 7 20 10 Broughton Rangers home 0 17 17 Oldham away 2 9 24 Stockport home 5 0 Dec. 1 Warrington away 7 10 15 Swinton home 2 37 22 Millom away 0 0 29 St. Helens home 8 0 1901. Jan.

5 Chlharn home 2 .a 12 Broughton Rangers away 3 20 19 Barrow away 0 7 2R Millom home 2 0 Feb.

9 St. Helens away 5 T 16 13..ohdale Hornets home 8 2 23 Salford home 5 17 Mar.

2 Wbitehaven Recs. Cep Tie home 3 0 9 liunslet Cup lie home 8 0 16 Stockport away April. 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan home

===== 0002601_19010315_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
HELENS FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURBS AND SCORBS. 191 n. . Pts.

Sept. For. Agit. 1 13rou2hton R home 5 3 8 Rochdale H. home 10 3 15 Warrington away 0 0 22 Runcorn home 0 11 29 Wigan borne 18 0 Oct.

6 Stockport home 3 0 13 Oldham away fl 22 27 3111Iom ...home 2 4 Nov. 3 Wigan(S.W.L.ScS.T. Cap Oomp.jhome 7 0 10 Wigan away 8 8 17 Salford 24 Warrington hon., 7 Dec.

I StryAport 'way 0 5 15 Oldham 22 Broinhton it. 24 Warrington (i W L.&B,T. ) away 5 6 26 Lelsrh away 0 1? 29 Widnes away 0 8 19 1.

Jan. 1. IluddereSeld home 11 3 6 B,lrtow A way 5 14 12 Leigh borne 0 5 l 9 Swinton 26 Rochdale H. away 0 _

Feb. _ _ 9 Wldnem ..., borne 7 5 2 Goole Cup Tle awaY 12 2 9 Stockport Cup 'lie home ip 0 13 btockport Iteplayel Tie swat, 11 5 16 11,11100t11 l'iWay 0 5 23 Millom away 2 5 Mar. 16 Swinton away

Ao-r:il -- 16 Barrow home

has been T . edfoo Mr ooT u vsleircntsi— ty. MRS.—Mr. ye,,,WufbytmlowanSsooOffhinmgo:•thr;r7 for tbrir 2hildren while terth.itv, watt perfect auceess. It will relieve the I eorauftorer Immediately It is pleasant to taste ; and produces nattrvt miter swep, oy relieving the child from pan In d the Ittis.. awsob awakes •• as b"ight AI n tnitfon." Of all Chemists is Igcl per bottle. Advt.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
RUBY LOVEDAY.

(Copyright.)

BY SILAS K. 110CIC.ING,

Author of "The Strange Adventures of Israel • rendray," "The Day of Recompense," "God's Outcast," "In Spite of Fate," "Her Bonny," &c.

CHAPTER

A. STRANGE*.

"We will not from the helm to sit and weep: But keep our course, though the rough winds say no."

John Pentyre-read Mr. Bice's lttter in absolute• silence. He. would not blame anybody, not even himself. He had done the best he knew, and if he had made a mistake he would bear the consequences ' without .whining. Justin and Dorothy went out into the orchard and talkedfthe matter over in the shadow of the trees. Mrs. Pentyre retired to her bedroom and eased her heart in a flood of tears. "What shall we do, Justin ? " Dorothy said, with a. little catch in her breath. "Stay where we are," he replied. "Hadn't we better go out quietly ? "No • let•him put us out by force. It will be an object lesson to the parish." "I am afraid it won't do the parish any good." "Perhaps not. The people have become such serfs that they scarcely any longer resent the brutal rule of wealth and monopoly. Still, we should be cowards if we yielded tamely." "Do you think he will resort to extreme measures ? " Dorothy asked, timidly. "I've not a doubt of it. He would enjoy nothing better than battering the house down about our ears." _

"And will you let him do it ? " he likes. You and mother can go to some safe plat* and father and I will keep the castle." Dorothy's eyes sparkled. "Nay," she said, •"I will stay and see the fun." John Pentyre, however, had no idea of any such resistance. On the ' following morning, without telling anyone of his intentions, he made his way by the shortest cuts to the steward's house. Mr. Bice was at breakfast, and was in no humour to hurry o'er his,nteal. John sat on the edge of a ChM* in a shabby little room and twirled his hat between his hands. A cheap Swiss clock ticked loudly on the mantelpiece. Every now and then John glanced up to see how time was progressing, and sighed as he did so. Surely fingers never moved so Slowly on a dial before. Mr. Bice stalked in at length without ceremony, picking his teeth with.a quill. "Oh, good-morning, he said, abruptly, as though he had not the remotest idea who was waiting for him. "Good morning," John said, nervously. "I've come to see you about that notice you sent last evening:" e. "Plain enough, wasn't it?" "Yes, it was plain enough. I want you to take it back." "You do, eh?" and Mr. Bice smiled good humouredly. "Don't like the prospect, eh ? " and his smile becathe broader, "Own yourself beaten, eh ?" and he laughed outright.. "I have bien unable to find the deeds," John said, plaintively. Mr. Bice's few changed in a moment. "You never expected to find them," he said, angrily. "People can't And things that have no existence." "But they existed once," John said, humbly. "You .try to think so, no doubt. But the truth is you and your- .rascally ancestors have been living for generations on stolen property:" ' *" `!You are. safe, no doubt, in abusing dead people," John answered, with a quick IlaSh in his eye; "the/ are unable to defend themselves." Mr. Bice winced and set his teeth tightly together. • "For myself," John went on ."I have always believed that the title was good. Unfortunately, however, I cannot produce it. For that matter you cannot produce any title to it, either." "But we can," snapped Mr. Bice. "Then it is a bogus one," John said, with spirit, "and am too weak to contest it. In cases of this kind it is the strong who win. I've come to recdgnise the inevitable or I shouldn't have come here this morning." "Well, and what do you want ? " growled the steward. "I want,to keep the farm, arid for the sake of it I'll give up,,Endilloe." "No doubt of it. I thought you would come to your senses some time. It's a pity you've been so long over it." "I've tried to do what is right," John said, 'humbly. "You have, eh ? Then all I can say is that your notions of-right are somewhat peculiar," and Mr. Bice chuckled. John flushed, but did not speak. Mr. Bice walked to the window, and made more ostentatious use of his tooth-pick. On the whole he was enjoying the , interview. To see John Pentyre humble and at his feet was like nectar to him. "You hardly expect me, of course," he said at .length, "to offer you the old terms?" "Why not?." John questioned, timidly. "Why not? Well, the reasons are too numerous to mention. I've proved my case since then. The element of doubt has disappeared. You own your- self that you occupy property that you have no right to." _ _ _

===== 0002601_19010315_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
own, to nothing of the kind," John said,

hotly. "What ? " and Mr. Bice faced round with a blaze of passion in his eyes. "I've every moral right to the place," John continued. "I've the right of long possession. But Endifloe is of very little use to me without the farm. You know that. That's where you've got . the upper hand of me." . "Ind what is more, we intend to keep it," was ' the reply. "You have been defiant, sic, and even impudent, now yol: will take. the consequences." "You mean-- "I mean exactly what I said in my letter yester- day. I am not in the habit of changing my mind two or three times a day. Now go home and get ready to quit, for if you are in the place an hour beyond the time, by Heaven you'll rue it!" "Ind this is your final answer ? " "448, "Then' you'll rue it also," and John rose suddenly to his feet and made for the door. His.. gentle eyds were blazing, his lips were white with. anger. Mr. Bice had supplied him with the fillip he needed. By the time he reached Endilloe he was more eager than Justin to fight the battle to the death. In one of the nearer fields he stumbled across Nathan and told him how matters stood. "And be you agoi,n' to stick out?" Nathan asked. "To the last gasp," was the reply. "Then I'm yer man," said Nathan. "Endilloe ain't got three-foot walls and oaken doors for nothin': My stars we'll have a time of it." "You'll stand by me, Nathan ?" "To the laast, master." John-grasped his hind's hard hand and walked 'on in silence. That evening John discussed with Justin and Dorothy plans for defence. His good spirits had quite returned. Indeed, he was the most cheerful of the family. "We'll have some fun out of the business, at any rate," he said. "And if they get Endilloe it won't be worth much to them." "Blit‘ve shall have to leave the dear old place in the end," Dorothy said, plaintively. "I won't even say that," John answered. "There's no knowing what will happen." During • the next day or two John and Justin made rparations for a lengthened siege. They knew t e temper of Mr. Bice, and Lord 'Tregeagle was as reckless as his steward when his blood was" up. Mr: Bice was careful to omit no legal formality, and in every case acted on the assitnap. I ion that Lord Tregeagle's claim was indisputable. Joii'? sent him word that he disputed Lord Tregeagle's claim, and that he should defend his home if needs be with his life. That any person seen about the place would be regarded as trespasser and wonld be treated accordingly. That Endilloe was well furnished with fire-arms and other means of defence, that he and his fainily had counted the costs and were prepared to abide by the consequences. , Mr. Bice read John's letter with knitted brows and a troubled light in his eyes. He had made a mistake in estimating his charac'er. He had expected a flash of temper now and then, but he had not anticipated any real resistance.. He was sorry now that he had not accepted John's offer. ; To evict people by force was always an unpleasant task; besides, it would rouse the slumbering antagonism of every man in the parish. . But he had gone too far to draw back. He would have to carry the matter through whatever the

consequences might be. To own himself defeated would make him the laughing-stock of the whole district and set every other small freeholder at defiance. So he sent him word that he would give him till six o'clock on Thursday evening to clear out in a quiet and orderly fashion. If, however, he was not out of the house bag and baggage by that time a sufficient force of police would be on hand to evict him in a manner that might not be altogether pleasant. To this John sent no reply, and so matters remained until the fateful day. On the evening previous John and his two chil- dren were discussing events as they had discussed them a hundred times before. They talked quietly and without passion, while the twilight of the long summer day deepened rapidly. Every now and then a long pause intervened, for each had thoughts which even the nearest of kin might not share. Dorothy thought of Torn Pendarvis, and wondered why he kept silent so long. Justin thought of Ruby. He could not help it. She might be the wife of another; but that could not alter the fact that she had stolen his heart, and he honestly believed that he would never love twain. During one of those pauses the door opened, and Mrs. Pentyre came into the room. "Dorothy," she said, "there is a man at the back door who wants to see you. He does not give his name, but he says he has a message fc,r you." "Wants to see me?" Dorothy questioned, turn- ing quickly round. "What is he like?" "Well, I couldn't see his face very plainly, for it's darker out in the porch than here, but he looks quite an elderly man." Dorothy hesitated, and looked at her brother. "I don't expect he will eat you," Justin said, with a laugh. "You had better go and see what he wants." "He looks to be very respectably dressed," Mrs. Pentyre interposed. "I expect he's on some begging expedition," Dorothy said, with a laugh. "However, I will go and interview him." Mrs. Pentyre took Dorothy's chair, and con- versation started afresh. Dorothy found the stranger sitting on a bench in the shadow of a large thorn-tree a few paces from the door. He raised his brown wideawake hat as she came towards him, and she saw that his hair as well as his beard was quite white. I3ut he made no attempt to rise. "You are Miss Dorothy Pen—Pentyre ? " he questioned, in a low, husky voice, as though he were suffering from a cold. "Yes," she said, "that is my name. Did you wish to see me ? " "I have a message fer Miss Dorothy Pentyre," he answered, slowly, and in the same husky tones, "and I am to deliver it only to her." "A message from whom?" she questioned, doubtfully. "From Toni Pendarvis," he answered, slowly. "Poor Tom, he never tired talking about you." "Then you know him ?" she questioned, eagerly. "I knew him once, miss. Knew him well." "But where and when ?" "In the Transvaal, miss. We were comrades and, as a rule, we cared for no other company." "And did he get on?" she asked, eagerly. "That is, did he work hard, and try his best?" "He did, miss; lie worked almost night and day. He was always something of a schemer, so he told me, and he invented a machine for boring rock and another for crushing ore. But it nearly killed him. It isn't safe to burn the candle at both ends, miss." "Oh, I knew he would get on if he had the chance," she said, clasping her hands tightly together; "but why did he not send word? Why did he not let me know?' "People do not get on in a day," was the answer. "And then he fell ill, and when he lay at the point of death, I promised him I'd come and see you if I ever visited the Old Country again, and tell you that he never wavered in his love for you —no, not for a moment." "Then—then—he' s—he ' s--dead " she gasped, leaning against the porch for support. "No, don't say that, 'miss—don't say that. There was still life in him when I left the Transvaal ; and if I could only send him word that you loved him still, I believe it would do him more good than all the medicine in the world." "Oh, how could he ever doubt me I" she wailed. "He thought you were like the rest, miss—that you had lost faith in him." "But I never did lose faith in him—never, never," she cried. "He only wanted an oppor- tunity. He was cleverer than all his companions put together." "Then your message is reconciliation?" he said. "Reconciliation ? " she cried. "Oh, no; that is not the right word. We never quarrElled. Tom was proud; he thought I was dissatisfied, and so he went away. Tell him I have never changed." "I will, miss." "And tell.him—oh, tell him that I want him to come home. He will understand that." "He will be very stupid if he don't, miss." "But letters are so slow. Could you not tele- graph to him? Oh, if he only knew, lam sure he would not stay away." "Let me think, miss," and the old man leant his elbows upon his knees and buried his face in his hands. And when he raised his head again, the wideawake hat lay on the ground, and a young man sat in his pilace under the tree. CHAPTER XXII. TIIE EVE OF THE BATTLE. "Love has so filled my heart, That there is no room for fear,"

Dorothy darted forward with a. glad cry: "0 Tom, Toni !" and the next moment they were clasped in each other's arms. For a while a sweet rain of kisses put an end to speech. Then Dorothy drew herself away and said: "But how could you,

Tom ?" "I couldn't resist the temptation, darling," he said, with a laugh. "I had read about it being done in novels, and I thought I. would like to make the experiments° though, candidly, I did not think it would succeed." "And it wouldn't have succeeded, only it was so nearly dark." "Exactly, that was part of the little scheme." really

"And did you redly think, you naughty boy, that I had changed?" "I did not know what to think, Dorothy. A lot may happen in three or four years." But it's a poor love that won't endure a inuch longer silence than that." "Yes, I know. But I feared you would think I was an utter failure, and so put me out of your thoughts. Such things have happened, you know. And sometimes new loves have driven out the old." "And if I had changed, Torn?" "Then I should have gone away quietly, and no one would have known that I had been. That was say little plot, Dorothy." 'And you are glad that you had to reveal yourself ?' And for answer he kissed her again and again. Two or three minutes later Justin came upon the scene, much wondering what had become of his sister. Dorothy was telling Tom of the notice they had to "quit, and what preparations they were making in face of siege ; and so interested were they both, that they did not hear the door open, and were unconscious of the fact that Justin stood in the porch staring at them. As a matter of fact, Justin was too astonished to speak. It had grown too dark for him to distin- guish faces; but Dorothy's voice was unmistakable, nor was it so dark but that he could see she sat close to the stranger, and, what was more, that he had his arm about her waist. The proper thing to have done would have been to have coughed. Ile had read novels enough to understand that. In books, properly-conducted people always cough when they wish to make their presence known. But Justin was too astonished, not to say indignant, to act in any such considerate fashion. As soon as he recovered himself, lie exclaimed in a tone of righteous indignation: "Dorothy, what is the meaning of this?" Instantly she was on her feet. "0 Justin," she cried, coming towards h'm with outstretched hands, "Tom has come home!" "Torn?" he questiot ed, doubtfully. "You mean Tom Pendarvis?" "Why, of course! What other Tom could I mean ? " "Exactly; there is no other Tom, is there?" and the next moment the two young men had clasped hands, and were looking into each other's faces. "I am glad to see you home again, Toni," Justin said, heartily; "I am, upon my soul I " "But not so glad as 1 am to be at home," was

the reply. "But when did you come?" "I landed this morning at Plymouth." "Ah, been abroad, have you?' "I have had three years in Africa." "And have you come home to stay P" "I hope so. Do you think your father will see me ? " "I dr,n't know. You have come at a good time." "I might be of service. Defending one's house against attack is common enough in Africa, and I have had plenty of experience."

"Then you are just the man we want. Old Bice vows that if we don't go out quietly, he will evict us by force; and I believe he will try." "I hope you will stay and help us," Dorothy fnterposed at this point. "Oh, I hope you will.' "I will, if your father will let me," was the reply. "That we can easily find out," Justin said. "Dorothy and I will go and send him to you." In the hall they met John coming to see what had become of them; so, telling him that he was wanted outside, they went in and waited the result with as much patience as they could command. Justin and his mother kept up a desultory con- versation, but Dorothy was too excited to talk. Mrs. Pentyre was curious to know who the strange man was that had kept them so long; but the only answer she could get was: "We have sent father to find out."

The old eight-day clock ticked steadily on, and it had grown so dark that they could not see each other's faces; but no attempt was made to light the lamp. Dorothy pleaded that she loved the darkness of a summer's night, and that it was not so dark but that they could see to talk. _

So the minutes sped on, and Dorothy's heart kept beating faster and faster. She knew that her cheeks must be burning bright red, and that her eyes would be unusually brilliant. She would not have the lamp lighted just now on any account. She tried to take part in the intermittent talk between her mother and Justin, but words would not come. She was compelled to be silent even against her will. At length her quick ear detected a footstep, then the door opened. She thought her heart had stopped. Was her father coming back alone? She placed her hand to her side and held her breath. That was her father's footstep, and his only. No, there was another. Tom was coming with him. It was all right. Her heart bounded on again,' but the colour faded suddenly out of her cheeks. She rose tremblingly and wont and lighted the lamp, her ears humming strange music all the while. She felt as light as air. All the darkness and oppression had gone out of her heart. It was nothing to her that they were threatened with evic- tion. Tom had come home and had made his peace with her father. It must be so, or he would not be coming with him into the house. - -

She turned from lighting the lamp, and her eyes met her lover's; they were full of light and love. She did not want him to tell her anything then. She knew all.

Mrs. Pentyre was staring at the new arrival in wondering surprise. This was not the stranger she had seen at the back door. But nobody seemed inclined to offer any further explanations. "Give the boy welcome, mother," John said, with a curious inflection in his voice. "It's all right." And Mrs. Pentyre, who had always been fond of the light-hearted young fellow, put her arms round his neck and kissed him.

Tom's eyes ran full of tears in a moment. It was a welcome such as he had never expected, and it made him think how much he had lost in the early des t h of his own mother.

Justin put an end to the general embarrassment by suggesting that supper should be brought in, and Mrs. Pentyre hurried off into the kitchen followed by Dorothy. The three men saw little of bed that night. Tom's quick eye and larger experience saw a dozen things that needed doing if the house was to be safely garrisoned, and when morning broke it pre- sented a strange appearance. All the lower windows had been securely boarded up, while the doors were protected by stout deal planks, indeed, it was quite evident that the defenders meant business, and the news quickly ran through the neighbourhood that the Pentyres intended to defy Lord Tregeagle and the law.

-- - Tom's great regret was that there was not a garden-hose in the house. There was such a mag- nificent water supply that he thought it a pity it could not be brought into use.

"A good dousing of cold water," he,said to John, 'is better than grape shot for dispersing a crowd." But John shook his head. Now that his blood was up, he was strongly disposed to give the attacking party a welcome of a somewhat warmer character. After breakfast, Tom went in search of Nathan. "Drive over to Trelford at once," he said, "and fetch back twenty yards of rubber tubing, also nozzle and rose, and a few yards of copper wire." "What be 'em for ? " Nathan asked. "Oh, I'm going to manufacture a garden-hose," was the reply. "It will come in handy also for swilling out the stable and many other things." Nathan scratched his head for several seconds then walked slowly away, and a quarter of an hoar later was driving rapidly in the direction of Trelford. As the day wore away the excitement at Endilloe became intense. No detachment of troops waiting for the first sound of battle was ever more on the alert. That the conflict in which they were engaged was to all appearances destined to end in disaster, did not detract in the least from their determination to carry it through to the bitter end. They could but lose. They were bound to lose in any case, and so they would lose fighting. _lt would be a satisfaction in after years to remember that they had resisted wrong to the best of their ability; that they had not flung away their birth- right as though it were a worthless thing. In the end they had no doubt they would see their furniture thrown pell mell into the garden, and would find themselves standing outside the house that had so long sheltered them. Such things went on constantly in the British Isles. Not only in the country, but in the chief cities. But a few weeks before they had read in the news- papers, how a dozen families had been evicted in a poor part of London, and how their furniture had been stacked in the streets for days on the stretch, and how the poor people sat watching night after night by their household gods. Such martyrdoms might do good in some far-off and roundabout way. It was necessary that light should be let. in upon the conscience of England on some social and economic questions and to do this it was needful that someone should suffer. As John Pentyre sat brooding over his wrongs and waiting for the attack, he was conscious that a change was slowly taking place within him. He had be,in a most loyal subject ,a strict Conservative, a strong upholder of the Constitution, a devout worshipper of the British aristocracy, an implicit believer in the right of those who had, to rule over those who had not. Nor had these beliefs been weakened by anything that his neighbours or even his own ancestors had suffered. That the mining industry was crippled by heavy dues, that the small freeholder had practically disappeared from their midst, that the leaseholders were daily wasting their strength and substance for the enrichment of others, were not matters that had troubled him at all. But somehow now, when his turn had come to be the pipkin between the iron pots, he seemed to see things in a somewhat different light. He did not appreciate being a modern Naboth, the loss of his vineyard touched him to the quick, and the strength of the giants seemed to be more cruelly used than before.

Justin shared very largely his father's thoughts, but Tom and Dorothy had much pleasanter things to think of. Dorothy moved about like one in a dream. It seemed almost too good to be true that Tom should be home again; and every time they met, her face would light up with a fresh accession of joy. Busy as they were all kept. Tom and Dorothy managed to snatch a good many moments together when no one else was near. They had so much to talk about, so many plans to discuss, so much lost time to make up, that they were often sublimely unconscious of the fact that there were such people as Lord Tregeagle and his steward in the world. The loss of Endilloe seemed a comparatively_ small matter to Dorothy now that she had found Tom. At a quarter to six Nathan came to the ba:.k door with the tidings that Mr. Bice and two c, tstables were corning up the road .in the direction of Endilloe. Nathan was at once admitted and the door made fast again. Tom had completed his hose arrange- ment, and satisfied himself that it was in good working order. There was nothing to be done now but to'calmly await the issue. Mr. and Mrs. Pentyre, JuAin and Dorothy took uD positions at the upstairs windows. Tom and Nathan remained downstairs. A few minutes before six Mr. Bice was seen to reach the garden-gate, accompanied by the constables, and followed at P considerable distance by a crowd of men, w mien, and children, who evidently intended to see the fun. At sight of the barricaded house, Mr. Bice paused, and held a hurried consultation with his companions, while the crowd came perceptibly nearer. Mr. Bice evidently felt that Isis force was not sufficient, particularly as there were clear mani- festations that he had a hostile crowd at his back. Nevertheless, his first duty was clear, and that was to go to the house and demand in the name of the law that John Pentyre- and his family quietly and at once vacate it. If they still refused, it would be easy to get together a larger force of constables

===== 0002601_19010315_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Good Templars' Convention. The monthly session of the 1.0.G.T., No I Cor vention, South West Lancashire, was held in the Wesleyan Schools, Sutton Oak, St. Helenson Seta; day, Representatives and visitors were preseev from Warrington, Rarlestown, St. Helens, Ashton; in-Makerfleld and other par foot the area, Bro 00 Walker, district treasurer, PG AS ;Liverpool) N present as a visitor. Bro George Clarke, CC (Rarlestown), presided and appointed the vario,, committees. The report of the Secretary, Bro Newman (Harlestown) showed that the lodges 101 the area were doing good work on the whole. Br°, Newman gave a short resseine of the doings of eaCll lodge during the past month. The report WO adopted. It was decided to hold the April senior& at Leigh and the May session at Ashtcn. A resolir tion was passed in favour of the Sale of Drink to Children Bill,and it was decided to petition the local M.P.'s to support the Bill. A vote of sympathy 100 passed to Bro O'Brien (Warrington) who has had UP undergo a severe operation. Bro 0 B Walker thes addressed the meeting on the work of the Order 0 general and the aims and objects of the Good Telie,, plar Institute in particular. He urged the merof bars to join the latter and go through a course study so as to get an insight into the scientific WTI of temperance. An interesting discussion foliate': Bros Clarke (Earlestown), Sheath (Warringtolo, Lindon (St Helens), Vint (Ashton) and others tel‘„ ing part. A vote of thanks was tendered to Br' Walker and also to the Sutton members for th - e -*et°

ariangements made for the session. The memun then sat down to a substantial tea to which fur, justice was done. A public meeting was afterwero, neld in the same room. There was a good attendade. of the public.

Temperance Meeting at Stretton. In connection with the Church of England Tew,,t, perance Society, a well attended meeting was bei" in the schoolroom, on Monday evening, the 1100: and Rev CF Cross taking the chair. Mr R A NaYl(7'; of Cuerden Hall, Thelwall, gave an earnest addresw upon the cause of temperance, which was atterr tively Beeped to. Mr Naylor had intended brills log a special choir, but was unavoidably preventfi doing so for various reasons. Bowever, excelleS substitutes were found in Mr Pearce and parto who contributed songs and choruses which w, " thoroughly enjoyed by all. Mr Naylor had, hawi ever, brought his latest concert grand phonograli which gave several selections which were admit t by all. Mr Billington proposed a hearty vote thanks to Mr Naylor and party for the address entertainment. The motion was seconded by 31. J Derbyshire and carried. A vote of thanks hail been passed to the Chairman, the singing of tb National Anthem concluded the meeting.

REDUCTION IN pRICOS. • FOR N ANDEBC- BD.,NEES. •.• 0 1 A mDESCP , MANTLES _ g$ INCANDESCA - CHIM Va.,. ..nslit INCANDESCENT G•l;,"hyd, ALL KINDS OF So"' PROTECTORS..., GAS GLOBES. 13' _.l DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PA I TEN"' NOV 1 GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCIIA- 1

ADAMS. 80 ST. JAM s, pLAcs. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFIUSNT PAI2LIOOI3

---- SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS, AT THE LOWEST riticEs AT.

J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-111n STREET, AND 14, SNIITHDOWN.ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

ibmw.....,.....

WAI

ArricE at the ' Jo pt Rev j 8 Daviee ..k±ticroft Dighum. VVrigh IHE AS: Mr Pp 44°Ptioh 'which cc trceivs t totarnitt APP VIE

The C to ask.

The 8 rayfigh

-Mr a : if I thin

;e4brcnoe' veY to I dutiful" of War] the larn and oor throne , Ritchie

The 115%0Per ainUar, t ulatinßl IJumrna ?uteido lUttatic, borougi tertiark Dapped

t

N, . is, , ~...„, ~.., , .........„ 4,„ 4,0 ‘,„:,..,,...„.„,,....e...,..,,,.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
I

rigrj‘ 1 tb. 40? .0V iti

p

009 0„,17

$ 00gi 0-

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. --- Important Meeting. A meEting of this Board was held in the Board Room It the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr A J Vim" presided, and there were also present : Mrs Clay, ev J Riddette, D Patterson, Messrs Henry Thornton, Davies, T B Malkin, William Houghton, T Halton,T H therqt. A Jollny, 0 Pilling, E L Bent. A Brooks, J il:^nuul•with J C Sutton (clerk), C II Ward (master)and Wright (Pada ate Schools). THE ASSESSMENTS COMMITTEE AND THE CLERK. Mr PILLING proposed, and Mr k JOLLEY seconded the "option of the minutes of the Assessment Committee, 'stub contained a recommendation that Mr 3 C Sutton receive the usual salary for his services as clerk of that conarnittee. The minutes were passed. APPOINTMENT OF PORTER AND PORTRESS. rHE REV J U RIDETTE AND THE RELIGIOUS PERSUASION OF CANDIDATES. „At a meeting of the House Committee on March Ist, Master was instructed to ask the following candi- "eles for the position of sewing mistress and assistant Iptron, to appear before the committee, namely :—Miss bregrsham, Miss Emily Asquesth, Mrs Sarah Ann °uehton, Mrs E P Comins and Miss Margaret Sullivan et Twyford Bank. The following couples were selected for the office of porter and portress, and kthe master was instructed to request their attendance ' ,rat the Board room on the 15:h inst. namely Mr and Mrs l',"lson (Rotherham), Mr and Mrs P B Hind marsh M.Ftreston Brook). Mr T Park (Fir Vale, Sheffield), and frs Critchley (Warrineton Union), Mr and Mrs A breenfield (Chapel-en. le-Frith), Mr and Mrs H H C liner (Halifax), IMr S Redmile, ancl,Miss J Blades (umutsford.) The minutes of the committee were confirmed on the „ '"etron of Mr Elicxmais seconded by Mr Asaceoer. The candidates were called before the Beard. Their IPPlications were read and the members were then at liberty to ask any questions of the candidates. r S Deviss was understood to ask one of the candi- ,o"es whether he was a member of the Church of 'Viand and received a reply in the affirmative. The Rev J H RIDDETTE asked whether he heard cor- „,—ctlY one of the members asking a candidate as to his Ilgio belief. t„the Celliames : Yes. 'he Rev J ti Rinnerre : Then I must raise my protest irust a man's religious belief being made a eubject of _irY in regard to an appointment of this kind. 4,u" Cnernsten : I think it was a legitimate question. 1 a „the Rev J II RIDDETTE • During the time I have been 1 raeecuber of this Board I have never imparted any vretnus controversy into the proceedings and I do not eanlio do so now, but 1 hold that it is not fair to ask a Or 4surlate what his religious belief is. The appointment tee Pcrter and portress has nothing to do with the ef'enull persuasion of the candidates. Cater DAVIES : It might.proye very inconvenient if a "olic were appointed, for if the porter and portress „orited to go to early mass they would have to neglect Olr duties. , The Rev J H RIDDETTE : #lllll a- Nonconformist, but e• large proportion of my constituents are Roman Wholies. The CHAIRMAN; It was a perfectly proper question re ask. The Rev H Rnonerre : And lam perfectly within My rights in protesting against it. Mr 8 DAVIES : I claim the right to ask that question . if I think proper. The Rev J H RIDDETTE • It is an extremely improper course to take. We came here to appoint a man to an Office which will not necessitate the ho!ding of any par- ticular religious baud. Ido not wish to say anything Nehich will give off once to anyone, but I fail to see what uti earth religion has to do with the appointment of a Porter. The th CeretemAN • Anyone has a perfect right to ask e question. Tee Rey J El RIDDRTTE : I 97/10t t) make my protest kesinst it. 11.„r THORNTON :We don't want to be here all day. ' 'be Rev J H Run:erre : It is doubtful whether such question can be asked. lo:ilieerrS. DAVIES ; W.e do not want to discuss It any thThe Rev J H RIDDETTE : I thought we had done with ese rude interruptions. it The CHAIRMAN . As a matter of order I must rule that as a perfectly legitimate question. pi theßovj H linenerra: That does not deny me of my rnßut to protest and to express the hope that the her- eof' which has characterised the busieess of the tt'lTlrd will not be disturbed by the introduction of any. Lq like religious controversy. 'tc tSriCXMAN : The question was not put to the first t kr a es' P.ILLING . You could tell what they were. Ie II Incident then closed. 414 Other candidates were brought into the room and Tho 4," to their religious beliefs. "At the close. Point hertetr. J U Riddette proposed that the Board an- ted ti,t4r T Park and Miss Critchley to the office. He telie,'4B. he said.not on the ground of their profession of sees'eur for it would not matter two straws to him get h th; er they were Parsecs or Mohammedans or any- -4,1•12R else, if they came to them as persons of good therta character and experience which qualified them for e duties to which they were to tie appointed. Mr. ASHCROFT seconded. Mr HICKMAN proposed and Mrs CLAY seconded the aPpointment of Mr and Mrs Toulson, of Rotherham. „Mr. Piteeeo moved that the appointment be given to 'ttr and Mrs Hindmarsh, of Preston Brook. Vetee were taken, and it was ultimately decided to 4PPoint Mr Park and Miss Critchley. THE BOARD'S LOYALTY. ?liar inThe CLERK reported that he had reoeived the follow- communication :—" Home Office, Whitehall, 26th - vey t Sir —I am commanded by the King to con- du 37°0 hereby his Majesty's thanks for the loyal and of wul address of the Board of Guardians for the Union the laarerritißton expressing sympathy on the occasion of and -"Octed death of her late Majesty Queen Victoria t, cougratulations on his Majesty's accession to the urone et• am, your obedient servant, Charles iteion.e PAUPER LUNATICS IN THE UNION. „ The CLERK produced an amended return of the • gPer lunatics chargeable to the Union on the Ist nietitall'i 1901. The Lunacy Commissioners, he said, re- an amended return to show the lunatics belong- Tg to the County Borough of Warrington as Illeihreuished from the other parts of the Union. The "mmary of this return showed that from the Union :31ilat5ide the county borough there were 51 pauper 131. eatics, 32 males and 19 females- and from the county r I.° °ugh 156,69 being males and 87 f nnales. The clerk "Marked that the return showed a greater amount of Pauperism in the Union to be from the county borough. TUE RELIEF OFFICES AT EARLESTOWN. Ihe CLERK read a letter from the Local Government 120ard received by him with the plans relating to the t'lb ief offices and relieving officers residence proposed to p erected at Earlsstown stating that a further co- u,lianication would be ackf inressed to him as to the steps to cc taken before the necessary order could be issued, %lithorising the expenditure of a sum not exceeding .1,8410 on the works. The clerk referred to the financial )isditir-in of the Union accounts and stated that p-,a hoped to be able in addition to paying the £5,000 ZcPended upon the Infirmary and electric lighting out of au,e common fund, to also pay the cost of the workhouse I:ration and the cost of the buildings at Eirlestowo heithout the aid of a loan. He thought it was desirable, lv_e_ver, to nefer asking for tenders until the new board Vorined. Rev J H RIDDETTE thought they would be keown . 'Pending Board: NC eIIaIRMAN : Not by anyone who knows the facts. lerlßlLLitena proposed that the Clerk be directed to the '‘;:et the architects to obtain tenders for carrying out Vork ()tit without any further delay. He wanted the _ f,t6 be proceeded with while the weather was sin r building operations. Th Item seconded. from 6 CHAIRMAN said with respect to w:iat had fallen °bje the Clerk, he entirely concurred with his strong it ~,"lens to increasing the loan liability of the Union if qeh.4.B Practicable, but there were certain necessary re- . Went which could not reasonably be charged th "St revenue. The Clerk had just told them that 14,3'1.0.had spent about £5,000 out of revenue which Th: ",„ Properly be charged on capital account. F ()limes at Earlestowa were required to provide tol ,1 accommodation for their officers:and the Newton terreecilCernmittee. Be strongly objected to it being de- __ orie day longer then necessary. If they would

Mothers and Chi .ren 1( _...e • • )3 ."Ice 111 the cleansing, purifying, and "atifYing properties of CIITICURA SOAP and CUTICURA Ointment, purest and 'Bweetest of emollient skin cures. These entle vet effective skin purifiers and hbPauters have made thousands of homes wa,PPY by curing torturing, disfiguring hu. -111.81 rashes and irritations of infancy _ll,l childhood', and relieving tired, worn. Parents of care and anxiety. P le .Oisirr. 2. 6d., all Chemists, or PostP43 S°!. London, E. C. POILES DCVO .1.5 a wvw ProPc. bo..tou. U. a. A.

reflect on the circular letter issued by the Local Govern- , meat Board in August last they would be aware that they would be compelled to deal with one or two other matters b4ore very long. It would be necessary to spend some money on toe Workhouse buildings and some al- terations at Padgate would involves some hundreds of pounds. It was absolutely inspossible to satisfantotily carry out the work without adding to the B )ard's loin debt to some extent: He did not think they need Is) afraid of It at all. After all had ben said and done, iz- efficieacy was never cheap. Tay w.nted efficiency with economy. The Rev J H RIDDETTE suggested the advisability of deferring the matter for a month. On a vote being taken. Nir Billinge's proposition was lost, and the q sostion of asking for tenders was de- ferred for a tannth. ILLNESS OF THE VACCINATION OFFICER.

Dr Goastau,,,wrose stating that Ms son, Dr Guest Goraall„was discharging the duties of vaccination officer in bis place owing to illness. As this was the first occa- sion he htd had to write such a letter, no doubt .the Board would bo satisfied with the tar:instants. Mr. FILLING : Dr Gist G 'road is toe duly appointed deputy raw:Wiwi offinr ? The CLERK I Yes. . . _

The CHAIRMLN said hn sure the Beard was ex- tremely sorry that Dr G lI was usable to perform his duties.

COMEACIS. Tenders were ace.p,ed from the following for the goods mentioned :—Bred, meal and fbur, J Hallwood ; coal, F Pendlebury ; brushes, G Fern, Church-ttreet ; meat. Messrs Singleton and Stephenson ; boots, Messrs H Roberts and Son ; potatoes and straw. executors of James Warburton ; coffin., Leiwdeo Wells clogs, E Jones ; liaitner, Messrs E Pickavance and Son glazing, J flzldine. he tenders for grocery, drapery, &c., were referred to the House Committee.

IF YOU HAD PLENTY OF MONEY.

THANKS to your great generosity in sending me that five thousand pounds I now have plenty of money in my pocket ; and am free from the worries and trials of poverty, from which I had suffered so long. There ! a you had reason to write to a man in that way what a thing it would be, the money, and your gratitude to him who furnished it in the day of your dire need.

The writer avdl make no silly pretence of not caring for money. He does care for it and so do all men and women of sound minds. For money represents about everything in this world worth having, except good health ; and in a way money has a deal to do with that. "Thanks to your wonderful medicine," writes Mr. W. J. Seuffine, of 35, Willow Grove, Burley, Leeds, "I am now enjoying gcod health after suffering a long time frcrn indignation, " In the Spring of 1897 I found my health giving way. My skin turned dull and sallow and thel whites of my eyes actually got as yellow as an old cold coin. Of courae you will understand what ailed me ; it was biliousness, one of the commonest and meanest of all the ailments that make a man feel like getting down on all fours and doing a crawl.

"My right side, down where the liver i,was so so re

I couldn't bear to touch it. When I ate a bit to keep myself from starving, I had such pains in the chest and back I wished I had let food alone; and if there had been a stone weight tied against my chest I couldn't have felt much worse in that region than I did as it was. " The taste in my mouth was horrible ; it almost made me sick. All my strength seemed leaving me,and when I got home at night from work I was so weary and fagged I ba I to lie down ; and now and then I was obliged to leave off work for days. "Slime of m 7 neighbours thought I was going off in a consumption, I got so weak and so thin, and used to spit up such a lot of phlegm when I coughed. I spent pounds on doctors and their medicines and, but for Mother Seigel's Syrup, I don't know what would have become of me. I had been ill fifteen months an am sure I couldn't have stood it much longer. " The very first bottle of S4gel's Syrup gave me great relief and the improvement went on until I was strong and well again. Now I have a good appetite and what. ever I eat agrees with me. " I owe my present health to Seigel's Syrup and no amount of money could have given me the comfort and contentment which resulted from the use of that splen- did medicine. You are at liberty to publish my state- ment." W J Scuffing, April 9th, 1900.

:A L= . ,

C4l- - V). i --, , .;___..... ' ; Id

===== 0002601_19010315_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN DECAPITATED ON THE CHESHIRE LINES AT WARRINGTON.

Supposed Suicide.

. . About eight o'clock, on Friday a shocking dis- covery was made on the Cheshire Lines Railway near Marshhouse-lane Bridge by Edward Howard, one of the employes. He was walking along the line when he was horrified to find on the down road a man decapitated. The man appears to have been lying with his neck across the metals, and his body in the six foot- way A passing train nad severed the head from the body in guillotine fashion. No other portion of his body was injured and the circum- stances seem to point to suicide. He was removed , on an ambulance to the Central Station at Warring- ton where Dr Nuttsll was called in and formally pronounced life extinct. On being searched a bottle of whiskey and some money were found in his pockets. There Was nothing upon him to lead to his identification.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
The Inquest.

No Identification.

At noon on Tuesday Mr 9 Brighouse, vanity Coroner, conducted an inquest at the Police Station. relative to the death of A man unknown whose decapitated body was found on the Cheshire Lines Railway near Marsh- house-lane bridge on Friday night last week. Mr Bimp- SOn represented the railway company. The body which was stilt unidentified was described by tea police as follows :—About 45 years of age, 51t. Bins in height, medium build, dark brown hair, heavy brown moustache, thin features and long nose; dressed in a dark grey jacket, dark serge vest, grey tweed trousers, blue cotton shirt with white stripes, white flannel singlet, blue reeffi sr with white spots, brown worsted stockings, dark cap, whiel is greasy, lace-up boots of respectable appearance ; in his pockets, tw‘.. purses, El. 23 Olin cash, a white pocket-handkerchiet, and a tailor's thimble. The first witness called was Edward Howard, a goods checker on the Cheshire Lines Railway at Warrington, and living at 8 Station-row, Padgate, who said that at eight o'olock on Friday fast he was proceeding along the line in the direction of ,Padgate.Near to the MarshEiouse- lane bridge he saw the body of the deceased on the em- bankment. The night was dark. He ran to the signal box and obtained a lamp. He returned and examined the body. The head was severed from the body, and was in the four-foot of the down main line. He ob- tained assistance, and the body was removed to the Central Station, and afterwards to the mortuary. The Coroner : The man had evidently beer. run over ? Witness : Yes. Sergeant Bennett said that when he received informa- tion of the discovery he went to the Central Station, and had the body removed from there to the mortuary. He described the body and clothing as given above. The Coroner : You found no writing of any descrip- tion upon it ? Witness Nothing at all. The Coroner There was no mark on the clothing ? Witness : No, sir. Detective Barlow, the Coroner's officer, said he had made inquiries, and hart ascertained thatthedetcee Baseady, about half-past six on Friday evening, entered h Horse Inn, Winwick-street, and called for a pint of beer, which he drank. He also bought * Pint of whiskey, and I 'took it away with him. He was a perfect stranger at the hruse. The bottle, containing some of the whiskey, was found upon the body. He had sent a description of the deceased to 35 townships, but the body had not been identified. The jury returned an open verdict. The Coroner afterwards asked Mr Simpson if it did not look like a case of suicide. Mr Simpson said there was very little doubt that decerved had committed suicide. The deceased's shoulder was close to the rail and the head was severed from the body as though it had brea cut with a pair of shears. No marks were found on any of the engines but it was probable that an express ran over the de- ceased.

Warrington Markets. At the Warrington corn market on Wednesday new wheat fetched 39 8d to 3s 101 (70 to the bushel) ; new oats, 29 bd to 2. ; Flour, best seconds, per 2401 b, l9a; bran 101 d per 20Ib. At the Provision Market prices were as follows ;—Fresh butter is 3d and is 41 per lb; cheefie, 61., 71. and 81 per lb • fresh eggs, 12 for is; fowls 49. to 59. 61. per couple; English beef, 60 to 10d; mutton 71. to 101; veal 7d. to 101; pork 61 to 91.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
"IS THIS A_ SQANDAL P"-

NOI

The Magistrates Defended.

It is evidently the determination of some people to provide Warrington with a scandal, even if it lets to be a manufactured and imported article. We have become accustomed to the catch-halfpenny efforts of an outside newspaper to drag Warrin;ton's name through the mire, and have got into the habit of treating the exaggerated eff asions emanating from that quarterwith contempt. But the business of scandal-mongering , seems to have spread and established itself nearer home, for only last Saturday our Conservative contemporary published a lengthy article reflecting on the local magisterial bench, and which bore the attractive heading "Is this a scandal ?" Though the title takes the form of a query, the article itself sought to make the existence of an actual scandal self-evident. What was said to be wrong is this. The magistrates require their clerk to furnish them with a written notice of any licensing prosecution prier to the headag of the case, and this custom has been in vogue for some years. Consequently there is always , a lull benchlwhen any such case is before the court. From these two simple facts our contemporary makes deductions which are most decidedly u i lair to the magistrates, and which reveal the want of proper enquiry tied due consideration on the part of the writer ere he put pen to the paper. the sug- gestion is that a majority of the magistrates have " a special desire to adjudicate, in licensing cases and not in the interests of justice. Q.iestions are asked with alarming fluency, such as : " What can be the object in sending out the notice ?" ; Is the motive which prompts it an honourable one?"; " Why should the publican be treated differently from other people? "—and so on ad infinitum. In fact there is more query than answer in the whole article, and yet the assertion is boldly made that the Warrington scandal can give the recent Mitt- cheater magisterial scandal a good start and beat it. Tbe whole thing is sadly distorted and a perversion of the truth. There is no " scandal " whatever, though there once was, and the instructieo to the magistrates' clerk which is now regarded so suspic- iously, was devised as the safeguard of justice end has ever since admirably fulfilled the purpose. Toe orig nator of it was one of Warrington's most hon- oured townsmen, Mr Frederick Monks, J.P., whose name alone is a warranty for the honesty and fair- ness of anything with which he is connected. Will it be believed that he is responsible for the " scandal " which our contemporary so unctu usly exposes?We have interviewed Mr Monks and found him willing to give the fullest possible information concerning 90 serious a matter. He asserts—and we can well believe him—that prior to the issuing of the notice re licensing cases, certain magistrates used to make a point of attending the police court when a publican was on his al, with the almost invariable result that Boniface was acquitted, no matter how black the case appeared against him. The Chief Constable was in despair, and it was to strengthen his hands and t 3 see that justice , was properly administered that Mr' Monks took the public-spirited course he did in causing notice to be always given to the bench of licensing prosecutions. The result has been, ever since, that a thoroughly representative and impar- tial tribunal has administered the law affecting publicans and the liquor traffic% Convictions have been secured and offenders punished who would, in former times, haverleft the court laughing up their sleeves at the charming efficacy of having "friends in court." This is the whole" scandal" correctly detailed. We think the magistrates will at once be cleared of any such imputations as were cast upon them a week ago, and supported in ei- twin they have taken up on so imp..,-,ant and delicate a question. It is in the interests of tutb the public and the publican—for bias does not lean all one way—that the notice should continue to be issued, and unlike our cnitemporavy we do not " hope to see the resolution rescinded at the earliest possible moment."

===== 0002601_19010315_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
"Truth's" Comment.

Last week I commented upon tne practice at Warrington of giving a special notice to every magistrate whenever a licensing prosecution is com- ing on at the Borough Police-court. The " Wei- rington Examiner" now offers the interesting explanation that this practice was actually devised to put an end to a gross scandal. It was formerly found that certain magistrates not on the rota made a point of attending the Police-court whenever a publican was on his trial, " with the almost invariable redulc that Boni- face was acquitted, no matter how black the case appeared against him." The Chief Constable is said to have been "in despair," and it was "to strengthen his hands and to see that justice was properly administered," that the practice of issuing a notice to every magistrate was adopted. This statement cerUtinly gives a different complexion to what at first sight seemed to be a very reprehensible arrangement. If the friends of Mr Bung are whipped up every time he has to answer a summons, it is only right that the whole of the magistrates should be in- formed of such cases. At the same time the fact the, the magistrates as a body have considered it neeessary to take this precaution against the pack- ing of the Court in licensing cases is a pretty com- mentary upon the manner in which some of their number exercise their judicial office. It is a plain admission that there are gentlemen among them who in the opinion of their own colleagues cannot be trusted to administer the law impartially. In licensing cases the tendency to bias is specially noticeable, and it is high time this part of their business, at least, was taken out of the hands of the Great Unpaid.—" Truth."

===== 0002601_19010315_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD DISEASES.

YOUR BLOOD UNDERGOES A CHANGE IN THE SPRING. IT SHOULD BE THOROUGHLY PURI- FIED AT THIS SEASON. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC WILL CLEANSE THE SYSTEM OF ALL IMPURE PARTICLES AND LEAVE

YOUR BODY HEALTHY AND SOUND. " Veno's Seaweed Tonic has defeated the combined efforts of the beat doctors. In fact many doctors at home and abroad use this famous remedy themselves, and recommend it because they know it to be the blit medicine science has yet been able to compound for the rapid and successful cure of all ailments arising from a diseased condition of the stomach, liver, kidneys and hlood. Those who take Veno's Seaweed Tonic wilt notice a vast change in their health almost immediately.

A NEWPORT GENTLEMAN CURED OF SKIS ERUPTION BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.

J WHELAN, 4, Havelock-street, Newport, Mon., writes, January 19ch have been suffering from a skin eruption and severe headaches fir the last five Fears. I have been taking VOCIO'S Seaweed Tonic for the last 10 days and have found much benefit from its use, more 80 than from any other medicines I had ever tried, and have confidence in recommending it to those suffer- ing in the same was'. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC cures all ailments arising from a diseased condition of the stomach, liver, kidneys, and blood. Price is lAd and 24 9i. Sold by Boots, Ltd., Warrington, Peake, Earlestown and Newton ; Weston and Co. Runcorn • Wallbridge. chemist; St. Helens, and all nemists and stores everywhere.

WARRINGTON. Explosion of a Paraffin Lamp. An inquest was ck,nducted by Mr, BrlghouFe at the Police Station at noon on Tuesday concerning the death, which took place at the Workhouoe Hospital on Monday, of Margaret Bellis (65), of 5, Morris's-court. From the evidence it appeared that the deceased was reading in the kitchen of the house on the night of the 9:h ult, when the paraffin lamp which was on the table, exploded and her clothing caught fire. A neighbour extinguished the flames, and Dr McCarthy attended the deceased until her removal to the Workhouse hospital on the following Monday. She was badly burned about the lower part of the body, and died on Monday afternoon last.—The jury returned a verdict of accidental death.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES,

Bold-street Wesleyan Church.

At Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday the ser- vices were on behalf of the Wesley Guild. There was a good congregation in the morning, when the preacher was the Rev T Bishop, who took for his subject " The World's Ideal Life." Special music was rendered, in- cluding a trio, "Lift thine eyes (Mende ssohn), by the Misses Taylor, Place and Kelly. The anthem, "In- chne thine ear" was also rendered by the choir. Mr F. Hickman ably presided at the organ. The service in the evening was conducted .by the Rev H G Roberts,who spoke on "Strange impressions of faith! al preaching. At the commencemeat of the service the male members of the choir sang the anthem, "Cast thy burden" Men- delseolm), and during the service the choir sang "The Lord is loving" (Dr. Garen.) On Monday evening the members of the Guild ae- sembled in the schoolroom to hear a lecture by the Rev T Bishop, entitled, "China and the Chinese." The lecture was illustrated by limelight views, the lantern b,in, manipulated by Mr Herbert Parkinson. The lecturer ob- served that Caine was 44 times larger than the whole of Great Britain, end the Chinese numbered no fewer than 400 million persons, relatively about one-third of the world's population. If the whole of the inhabitants were to gather together, every third man, woman, and child would be Chinese. If they could stand shoulder to shoulder the Chinese would reach three times round the world and if they were to lie on the ground, head to feet, they would stretch seven or eight times round' If the Chinese were to march four abreast, 100 a minute night and day, it would take them exacdy three years to pass a given place. fhe Great Wall of China was 1,500 miles hog and was wide enough for six horsemen to ride abreast. It was built 246 years before the birth of Christ, and was intended to keep out the Tartars, who invaded China. During the building of the wall it was estimated that half a million persons died. A view of Nanking, the former capital, was given, and it was stated that if two men shrted to ride round the city wall in opposite directions it would take them 14 hours before they met again. But he took that assertion with the usual grain of salt. It was a city of 4,000.000 population, but the Government had been removed to Pekin. There were three religions in Cnina—Con- , fucianism, Taouism, and Buddhism. Views were thrown on the screen illustrating the process of picking tea and 1 preparing it for use in England, and at tne conclu-ion of the lecture Mr Bishop was warmly applauded and heart- ily thanked for his services.

Sermon to Young Men by the Rev. J. Yonge. At Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday evening, a special sermon to young men was preached by the Pastor (the Bev J Y)oge) who took for his text the words " What is your life?" (John 4:h chapter p art of lath verse) and for his sabject "The True Purposes of Life." Be said the question was a personal one, and every person, young and old, should most earnestly con- sider it. Life was a serious thing, for it was responsible ; it waft the most sacred of all imaginable trusts. Lite was a talent to be traded with, a property to b 3 rightly usfd, an opportunity to be diligently improved, a space to be properly filled, a service to be faithfully discharged a school in which to prepare for a life far greater, a race in which to run successfully for the great priz3, a battle in which to be courageous and triumphant. Life, was, therefore, serious because responsible. It was sound wisdom to take life somewhat seriously. By using the word seriously he did not wan, gloomily or sadly. The thought of lives responsible, ai-cl of their personal accountableness to their Maker should ever affect and control them. It should help to moderate their indulgence in youthful pleasures ; it should purify and refine their pleasures ; ennoble them and lift them ud. It was their duty to live thou4htfull7 and care- oraocuhrernature are fully. A passing reference was made to the reprehen- sible habit ot parading Sankey-street by many young people. He was very anxious, he said, that the young p-ople connected with Wycliffe should think about the life. features The tmoesahnoi meaning and ahnadt toe purposeaup re mo f eProceeded not physical and pointed out that the mind was the standard of the man. We were living Its a timif of education, and there was no excuse for ignorance. A Manchester magistrate. speaking at a meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. on the previous Sunday, gave it as his opinion that large numbers of men seemed to feed their minds on football newspapers. Be (Mr. Yonge) was not going to say a single reproachful word to any who found recreation in playing or watching this most popular of English sports, but he hoped he should be forgiven for saying that it often looked to him as if 1 the . energy, enthusiasm, care, time and money which was expended upon it, might easily find a more profitable direction. One could not help wondering very much whe;har a large number of young men could always properly aff ard all the expenditure it involved. One wondered also whether some of the pre- valent practices which invaded and infested the football field did not make that place dangeroua and undesirable for those who did no, wish to be associated with doubt- ful practises and dangerous habits. Intelligent recrea- tion was as lawful an I Csriatian as intelligent work, but life was not mean; to be supremely devoted to it. Recreation should renew the powere of mind and body, and leave no unhappy consequence. But recreation was nat the true purpose of lite ! There was no life so replete with satisfaction as the life of dizcipleship and devotion to the Saviour of the world. Be appealed to I hie bearers to be devoted to Jesus Christ.

' COMMERCIAL FAILIIRE4.--Alcordi ig to "Kemp's Mer- cantile Gaz -Ate," the numbn of New Bankruptcy Pro- ceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending March 9;h, was 83. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 82, showing an in crease of 1, being a net decrease in 1901, to date, of 47- MESSRS. CASSELL'S PUBLICATIONS,—A work which will form a pictorial representation of London at the close of Queen Victoria's reign is about to be published by Mesars Cassell and Cimpany. It is a memorial edition of " The Queen's London." The first part will contain a series of views of the funeral procession of the late Queen whils.t a large rembrandt photogravure has been prepared for Part 1 showing the procession passing Ansley House. A number of new pictures have been prepared for this edition. Mr. A Thorburn's pictures of bird life are becoming increasingly popular. A large number of thFss are about to be placed within easy reach of the public by the i,sue of a pooular edition in fortnightly parts of "Familiar Wild Birds" the first part of which will be published March 20th. Over a hundred pictures by this artist, in addition to numerous other drawings will be reproduced in colours in this wotk which is writ•en by Mr. W. Swaysland. rhe publication contains coloured plates of the eggs of all the birds represented with des- cripive text by Mr Richard Kearton, F.Z.S.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSB TBBTH BOUGHT.

- - Many ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disused false teeth, which might as well be turned into money Messrs 18 D and J B Fraser, of Princes-street, Ipswich (established since 1833), buy old false teeth. If you set.d your teeth to them they will remit you by return the pos utmost raise; or, If praerred, they will make you the bee er, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If referene oessary, apply to Misers. Ei 1.7 ):1 it 03.. Bankers Ipswich

FINANCIAL AND: MINING NEWS.

%Vest African Shares.

IA large amount of business is taking place in the West Atrican Market. This is not to be wondered at. when men like Sir J Blundell Maple, Mr Frederick Gordon, and Mr A L Jones, of Liverpool—men who have a great repdtition to lose as well as capitsl—put large sums of money into West African mining ventures. It is certain that they would not invest, as they have done, without first taking every polsible means of getting at the facts, judging the position from a calm business point of view, and believing there are substantial reasons for expecting suc- cess. Considerable interest is being taken in the shares of Wassau Gold Concessions, Limited, which are dealt in on the Loodon Stock Exchange at about 103 pr 53 share fully paid. According to the reports on the Concessions owned by this Company, they sro in the famous Wassail District of the Gold Coast, West Afrcia ; they also state that a rich banket formation exists on the property, which comprises an area of about 24 square miles. The C incessions have heel transferred and registered in the Company's name at Cape Cosst. Toe capital of the Company is only £150,000, of which £50,000 is for working capital. Altogether, the finure of Wassau Gold Concessions, Limited, looks decidedly promising.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Pearson and Knowles, Limited.

Discussing high class Industrial Investments "The Citizen " in its current issue says : The present dulness in cosi and iron share, has pre- vented the merits of the P •arsan and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Limited, from receiving their due recog- nition. This is partly due to the title of this particular I company being somewhat of a misnomer. Pearson and Karswles are really not producers of iron or steel, but manufacturers of finished merchandise only. Their chief trade is in steel rolled wire, cotton bale biniers especially for the E tspti an market, waggon wheels and axles, Zci. Tne engineering shops cover 40 acres of free- hold land at Warrington and have railway sidings on to the leading railways. In the company's coal leases 30,000,000 tons Of coal are, it is stated, in sight, the yearly output being 1,000.000 tons. The policy of the board has been to write off very large sums each year fer depreciation and reserve, so that the'assets have now been written down to a remarkable extent. The collier- ies, for instance, now Saud in the balance sheet, at £163,000, against which there is a reserve of £140,000. For the twelve months ended June 30th, 1901, the profits on the coal output alone are estimated at £250,000, while the half-year's profits on steel and iron to December 31 last are stated as £125,000. me company derive much advantage from any fall in pig iron, while although its present coal contracts are running at 143 per ton, it could still make a good profit by sellin t it at the pit's mouth at 6i 6d per ton. The capital of the company is £860,000 in 50,000 cumulatiy,, 6 per cent preference shares of £5 each, and 122,000 ordinary shares of £s,each, both fully paid, while there are no debentures, mortgages, or liens on any of the assets. An interim dividend for the half year, at the rate of 10 per cent per annum, the largest allowed by the Articles of Association, has just been declared on the ordinary shares, and it is more than probable that the distribution for the whele year will be much larger. Notwithstanding this distinctly favourable position, however, the shares are still obtainable at 61 and we would specially direct the attention of investors to this verr promising industrial enterprise as one most worthy of their notice."

===== 0002601_19010315_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
I NFLU NZ A.

If you feel as if your head were twice its normal size, and jUst about to burst its limits, as if your back had been stretched on a wheel, and as if holding yourself straight were an agony you could not possibly undergo, you can almost safely assert you are suffering from an attack of Russian luau 30Z ono of the vilest, most d Oressing, and most treacherous maladies over devised to torture human beings. The very best thing you can dub these circumstances 'jut° go to bed,and get into as profuse a perspiration as is possible, the greater the perspiration the ,batter. If you are troubltd with • cough or sore chest or throat, have souls Lavan's Lung Linens got, and take doses of the mixture as stated on the bottle. You will find that this remedy is the safest and surest and speediest in the world, and that in a very short time you will be up and about again, and as well as ever. For coughs and colds, sore throats, and all other similar affections of the bronchial and palmmary organs, there is no better remedy anywhere than Lavares Lung Line- tus. Try a bottle and judge by results. Lavan'a Lung Linctus nosy be had from all chemists, drug stores, and Ca-ms, an i post free, safely packed, in bottles, IL 10., 21. 91., and 4e. 61., from the proprie- tors, Green & Co.. Cnemists, Bolton.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON LITERARY AND PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY.

Election of Officers.

the last meeting of the session of this Society was held on Monday evening in the Masonic Hall, Bold-at., under the presidency of the Rev Morley Stevens,sn.— The PRESIDE:4T said that this being the last meeting of the session a little special business had to be transacted relating to the coining session, He had to propose that Mr J Douglas Buckton be elected president for the forth- coming session. Mr Bucktou had been a member of the society for a great number of years and a member of the council for a considerable period. although by order of rotation he went of last year. He took a real interest in the proceedings of the society,and had been a regular attendant at the meetings, Mr. CHARLES WRITE seconded the motion, and said he bad known Mr. Buckton longer than anyone in that room, and he could give him a god character. (Laugh- ter.) What he did he did well and thoroughly, and now that he was a gentleman at large—(renewed laughter.) and bad no claims upon his time, he noped he would use his ability in resuscitating the society, which had fallen below its usual level. He did not say that they depended upon the President to raise the society from a dead la vel, but there should be enthusiasm on the part of th! townspeople. He was almost hoping that if there was no proper resisense to the wish of the council that the society should he buried for a time in the hope of a more glorious resurrection—Oaughterl—but after the excel- lent attendance that night, and the cheering words of the 'present President, he hoped they would all put their Shoulders to the wheel and do something to restore the Warrington Literary and Philosophical Society to its old position and fame. (Hear, hear, and applause.) The proposition was carri =4:l unanimously. On the moti on of Mr A J JOLLEY, seconded by Mr Or W Monk,, Mr G Carruthers was elected hon. secretary,and Mr William Silcook bon, treasurer of the Society. Mr C S BURGESS moved that the following gentlemen form the Council for the ensuing !year :—Mr May, Mr Houghton, the Rev FE Powell, Mr Young, Mr Haddock, and Mr A Joliev. Mr KENYON seconded the motion, and said he felt sure that all the gentlemen named had the best interests of the society at heart. ' The motion was heartily agreed to.

WARRINGTON TRADES' COUNCIL

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades' and Lab iur Commit was held in the Druids Hall, Sankey— street, on Tuesday evening,6lr A C Sinks presiding over a good attendance.

TRS PROPOSED, BOARD. OF )NCILISTION -RESULT OF TRU

DEPUTATION TO, THE CDAMBEEt OF COMA/RECS.

The Secretary (Mr F Strorr) reported that six delegates from the Council attended at Market Gate Chambers. last Thursday evening at the reqtoest; of the Secretary of toe Cnamber of Commerce. The deputation met the Council of the Chamber and were received exceedingly well. After some discussion the meeting felt satisfied that if a Board of Conciliation Was formed in Warrington: it would be of great advantage both to the employers and workmen. The Council of the Chamber of Commerce passed a resolution in favour of the formatioa of a con- ciliation Board, and promised to bring it before the next meeting, of the Chamber. Le, was decided that the rules observed by the Manchester Board of Conciliation should be the basis of the rules to guide the Warrington Board. The delegates were also of the opinion that four repre- eentatives from each body would be qpite sufficient. The Cnalastaor bald he accompauied the deputation, and they were received very courteously. The Chairman of the Council (Mr Parker) suggested tnet it would be advisable to have an excnange of delegates. In that I case the Chamber of Comm-trce would allow one of the Trades Council's delegates to sit on the Chamber of Corn- merce,and in return the Trades Council would allow one of the delegates from the Chamber of Commerce to sit on the Council. He (Mr Biuks) was fully in favour of the formation of the Board. It would be a means of settling petty disputes by nippiog them in the bud, and would no doubt,: create a better feeling between the masters and men. He agreed with the proposal as to the exceange of delegates, and in Conclusion asked the , COUU6II to nominate representatives for election to the Board. _ _ _

Messrs Binki, Stott, Podnuore, Piinston, Horrocts, EJ warason, Fargher, Davies, Battersby, Pacts and Pcok were n4minateri ani the election will take place at the next meeting of the Council. The question 01 the exchange of delegates was deferred until the next meeting.

THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS RIACTION IN BEWSEY WARD.

-- - Mr EDWIN FLIP/STOW, toe candidate nominated by the Trades and Lalopur Conned in the above election, addressed the meeting. He said that he and his sup- port,,rs had been received with more favour by the electors, thau they expected. The ward needed thoroughly canvassing, and he urged the members of the Catlin Cif to undertake this work. Oa account of the popularity of a publican candidate they had a "tre- mendous thing " to contest. Messrs Banks, E wardson, Hamblet, Malone and Wilicockg, were elected to form a ward committee and &wend members of toe Council volunteered to under- take the work of canvassing. THE LOCK-our Kr igESSIIS CROSFIELD WORY9--.AN APPE&I, IsSCDID.

An appeal on behalf et the boilerman and firemen affected by the dispute at M-Isre Croatiald'a I works, was submitted by the General Seore- I tary of the National Almalg:wasted Union of Eaginernen (Mr U H Copley) for endorsement by the Council. The appeal read as follows: In issuing this appeal tor financial assistance for these I men, I trust you will do what you can on taeir behalf. They have received regularly the les per week accord- ing to our rules, but I think you will readily admit this SUM is small to keep a wife and family up )u, hence the necessity for some further allowance being made. The ' . following are the particulars as to how the dispute ' originated :—During May of last year, correspondeace took placo between myself and Mr Newell. the engineer. with reference to one of the men where his conditions of work had been altered. No good however resulted from this correspondence: Sims weeks after this. I received instruction from our Warrington BruCb,thit tae boiler- men and firemen at Messrs Crosfield's wished me to make application for the 48 hours' week system. I seas the above application in,and on October 11th, received a reply that tney preferred to discuss personally, any grievances of their own employees. I suggested to the men that they should sign a memorial asking the firm to favourably cprisider same. This application was signed by the whole et the men, and I sent it in on Oetober 16;n, and received a similar reply that they could not entertain a third party in cioanection with their business. On the 20th of October, I again wrote atking them to reconsider their decision, and on the 23rd of October, I received the following reply : Sir, In reply to yours of the 20th inst., the last time that we had the pleasure of discussiag matters affecting our own men, tne deputation who waited upon us agreed that in any future case they would bring what- ever they had either to complain of or suggest personally before our notice. Tnat arrangement, so far as we are concerned, has been in no way altered, and we therefore cannot depart from it on the present occasion. Yours faithfully, Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., Dr. Markel, Director." Nothing further was heard from the firm until I received this notice with the condition attached. "To Dried( water, 514. We shall not require your ser- vices after 6 cm, November 30th, 1900, J Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., G Dale, J Atherton." "If you are, however, desirous of complying with the conditions of employment as existing up to date, you may apply to the Man 'ger of the department, ,51r Dale, who will re- . engage you providing he has a vacancy to fill." On the 7tn of November' I wrote to Alderman Roberts, ' asking him if he could not see his way clear to inter- cede on behalf of the men on notice, to whica I received a private communication. After perusal of the condition of work attached to the Notice, I think yoo will see clearly that if the men had got an, "Trade Union prin- ciple about them they would not agree to any such con- dition of employment. The Warrington Trades and Labour Council have generously undertaken to issue this appeal to the Trader Uniosists or Warrington, on behalf of the men now out. Toe money subscribed will be equally divided and paid to the men now out, in addition to the allowance according to our rules (10i per week.) Tne CH6.110001 moved that copies of appeal be for.

warded to the different societies affiliated with the Cowed and that financial assistancs be solicited on behalf of the men. Mr WILLCOCH4 tleoanded and the motion was u leaf- mously agreed to. The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
A FREE VETERINARY BOOK.

We have just been inf.)rined that the proprietors of Condv's Fluid, of 14 ClD3well-ro&i, L mdon, EC, are posting t 3 all app'i3ants, free of charge, a most useful book containing instrivtion; from Virerinary Surgeons of the highest standing, for the treatment and cure of ailments and complaints affecting Horses, Dogs, Cats, Cattle, Sheep, Pigs, Rabbits, Poultry, Pigeons, Cage Birth, G,ld Fish, Szo. - _ .

Condy's Fluid is a really Magical Remedy for suff,ring animals and has had an enorm9us sale as a Veterinary remedy for nearly half a c.ntury. We recommend all our readers to write for this Veterinary Blok to Condy 14, GOswell-road, EC. No charge for Book.

We might take up a ao'uniri of Ws piper to tell you that Ilatata's PEcrosa. ELIXIR Will RUM that cough of yours but 4 word to the wise is sufft3leat.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

Warrington League. First Div ison.

Warrington v. Cairo-street.

_ Played on Monday evening at the Cairo-street Schools This match created great interest, and brought together a larger number of Interested spectators than usuallyseetz at any league match. The result almost assures the War. Moe= Club of the cup this season, as it is the second time they have defeated the present holders. The War- rington Club have only another ditch to play to com- plete their league fixtures, viz , the return match with St. Barnabas.' They defeated the latter somewhat easily at the consindncement of the season, and as they have, in fact, won every match they have played this season, the odds are all in Warrington's favour. Score :-.. WARRINGTON. CAIRO-STREIT. Wins. Draws. Wins. 2 F Dunne 0 W Tomkinson 2 J Roberta 0 S Tavlla "1. B J Powell 0 D Plinston 0 1 C Powell 0 li W Clarke 1 W Rigby 0 P Walsh 0 F Warburton 1 M Uormars 8 2 6 _

*Only one game played, Latchford v. Fletcher's

This match was played on Wednesday evesin at Latchford, between Latchford and a team from Messrs Fletcher Russell and C ) and resulted in a win for the home team by five games Score as follows : LITCHFoRD. FLETCHER/I. Wins. Draws. Wins. 0 s Albinson 1 Alfred Aibinson.... ..... 0 D Lawson 2 Thomas Albinson 0 A Spencer 2 J Kenwright 1 H Richardson 0 James Smith 1 1 W Potter 2 P Wi kinson 2 3 Albhuon 0 Joseph Wilkinson 0 W Trigger 0 W Unsworta 1 Isaac Wilkinson 0 A Bennett 1

===== 0002601_19010315_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A WEAK HEART

Was the cause of Mrs. Carter having Palpitation, Shortness of Breath, etc.

After 7 years' suffering she was completely

cured by a few boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills.

The heart is a double force t)u up. Its duties are to pump the blood through the erceries and veins. In doing this work it exerts a pressure amounting to some tons in twenty-four hours. What wonder is it then that beacts cotton failor by palpitation or other symptom notify us that they are tired and worn, and require attention. rho kidneys are either the greatest friend or the great- es: enemy the heart has. Just as it is the duty of the heart to torce the blood to every part of the body—so it is the duty of the kidneys to ex:ract from the blood the waste and poisonous impurities with which it is laden. You are not asked to accept the mere assertion that fluid's Kidney Pills will cure a weak and dangerously troublesome Heart ; you are asked to consider the ex- perience of others, who having tried every known treat- ment for '.the heart at last decided to try Dodd's Kidney Pills, and found in them speedy relief, and a permanent cure. The following letter fr.= Mrs. Carter is most convincing :

Water Newton, Wansford, Hunts. Feb. 4th. 1901. " Gentlemen,—l have the greAtest pleasure in inform- ing you of the benefit that I have received from taking Doli's Kidney Pills.

"17, is seven years ago this month since I bad Diphtheria, and havd been suffering from a weak heart ever since. I had a tetrible pain at my heart, its action being very irregular, which caused me to suffer from snortness of breath and palpitation. I als3 frequently felt as if I were going to faint, and I found that I could scarcely walk upstairs without a feeling of suffocation. During my illness I was aitended by two doctors my regular doctor told me he could not cure me. and the other said I was to keep my bed until the pain at my heart was easier. I got su much worse that I really thought I would have to keep to my bed altogether, and never expected to get well. " I als) sufferel from a severe pain in my back, and sometimes could scarcely get about toe house, the agony being almost unbearable, and I felt I was in everybody's way. "About two months ago my husband beard of Dodd's Kidney Pulls, and insisted on my trying them, and I am thankful to say that after taking a few boxes I can now do my own work, run up and down stairs and feel quite independent. My husband and children are delighted to see me %ell again. I shall always taki pleasure in re- commending Dodd's Kidney Pills, as I can truthfully say that it is owing Co them that I am again restored to health. _ _

" Your faithfully, " (Mrs.) E. CARTER." Dod Kidney Pills are 2i. 21. pr box, six boxes for 13s. 9.1, of all Chemis's ;nr sent. post free on receipt of price by The Dodd's Medicine C 23, Farringdon- avenue, London, E.C. Important to remember the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

Association of Non-County Boroughs. A quarterly meeting of the Association of non- County Boroughs of Lancashire was held on Mon -lay afternoon, at the Town flail, Warrington, for the transaction of importint business, including " the consideration of grants by the County Technical In- struction Committee,secondary edncation,returning officership at Parliamentary elections in non-county ,L borough areas, and the expediency of securing ' legislation dealing with the registration and regu- lation of clubs selling or supplying intoxicating or excisable liquors." The Mayor of Lancaster (Alder- man Preston) presided, and amongst those present was Mr Prescott, the Town Clerk of Nelson (hon. secretary), and 35 reprs-mtentatives from the Lanca- shire boroughs. The borough of Warrington was formerly connected with the association, but as it has been made into a county borough it is no longer eligible. and it was in consequence of that fact that the meeting was held in Warrington and in conse- quence of an invitation extended to the association by the Town Clerk (Mr Whittle.) The members of the association visited the new police buildings the electric lighting station at Howley, the baths, and other public institutions, and were afterwards entertained to luncheon at the Town Hall by the Town Clerk. The Mayor presided, and he was accompanied by the Depuzy Mayor (Mderman. James Fairclough).

'74';',A • • ~ .;

===== 0002601_19010315_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Etc "o,:amintr " Atrio.

TIE " WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINEE." peibliShed every Saturday morning. THE "EARLBSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER,' published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon.

T" RUNCORN EXAMINER," publiehed every Friday morning.

THE •'wimlss EXAMINER," published every Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 - ... is. 101. ... 3s. Od. acs :5 64

===== 0002601_19010315_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Botntstit gptrbants, M.

WANTED MINERAL. fond of children ; good wage B.-27 NORTIC-RoAD, Longsight, Manchester.

. _ VI/ANTED young GENERAL two In family.-124, lIIIEWSBURINeTBEST, Brooks's Bar, Manchester.

1 V ANTED, GI Ith, about le, to assist generally ; another servant kept.— Apply 1, MORLEY-ROAD, Southport.

wANTED gooi Young GENERAL about 16 or 18.— Apply 389. NEW Carsrm-Raio,Rock Ferry,Chesbire.

WANTED GIRL for Stock Farm; family three.—Apply TICOMA3 HEATON, Wayoh Farm, Entwistle, near 601011.

-1 ------------ W A NTBD HOUSEMAID, by 2nd April; strong country girl preferred.--grs WatTTAKER, 20. Curzon Park. Chester. - W.

'ED. COOK (1 AL. clean a d active. £lB and ween maid. 18. wages £l2.—d, Molt INGTON-ROAD

===== 0002601_19010315_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTI hetl lmthport.

WASTBEI, G10111124.L for small family; 18; §o; no 11, St dary's-street, Deansgate.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
. wash.—UTOCIEWELL, 'Manchester.

A.NTED good GHNBILAL for Housework ; good home for Respectabie Girl. No children.-19. BREEZE- -I..urg, Walton, Liverpool.

WASTRD, a good GANISRAL tililiVANT, with good ref- erences, for liushoinse; two in fansily.—Apply 235, OXFORD-STREET, Siatilniel

AVANT ED good OrtINBREIL, I'm Country Public; small family ; another kept.—Apply. Mrs DODSON, Oak- Deanrow. Wilmslow. ,arried

land.

WA.STED, 130U3IIMAID-,WAITHESS for newly-nu. couple; 10, St Mary'a-street, DeAlllgSte, M anc heater. . _

WANTBD, COOK-GENERAL for 4 ; 220 ; Housemaid- waitress kept ; no wash.-10, t3t BURY'S-STREET, Manchester.

ies.nigate,

- - WAIITHD GENBR L laka all duties: fond of children references required: good wages. J., 1, CHADWICK STRILICT, iiAhtoll-oDdet-Llll6.

NAVANTED. COOK, plain ; immediately ; for family of two; wages Eeo to £5; no washing.—Bilsa HUDSON. 19, Irlara-street, Warrington.

AGOOD Way t.,-) get a nice Town or Country SERVANT write Or C4ll to Miss Haltßtiog, 6, Okinain-atreet. •.r. Raabtidied 1862. ------- __ _ ...

Mancbester,

WASTBD, t Apfl, in Boarding School, a COOK- i,BriBRAL and a LAUSDIHISS ; References.—Mns. SARsoN, High cohool„ BlackpooL

„ WANTED, atter Baiter, an experienced CO %- GENERAL tor Bolton; good wages,—Apply bias DASWELL. church-r.,ad, Northwtch.

RBLIABLN SITUATION found for butlers, coiebmen, grooms, gardeners, page boys, and others.—nELlCT 10.011 TRY, 60, Derby-street, Bolton. able to

WANTSD, Respectable GIRL as General Servant. wash; three in family; no children.—Apply 17, SER.. PENTINIC-ROAD, Bgremont, Cheshire.

- - -- WANTED at once, Good PLAIN COOK. wages £2O to £25, excellent situAtion near Warrington.. -Apply Mts. Hunaox. Irlam-street, Warrington.

IVANTBD, good LIHNBRAL. able to wash and Iron; character required; one from the country preferred. —Pvics of WALES. Wo ihouse-Isue, Wigan.

WANTED. MINERAL SBRVANT ; help given; no washing; no young children; good home ; Protes- tant-31. VICToRIA-ROID, biaocle6field.

_ WANT D OBNHHALS ancl GIRLS. best places excel:ent wages.--Call or write to MVO HARRISON. 6 'treat, Manchester, Bstablished 1862,

Oldisam-el

AN D, COOK-GRNREAL at once, for one lady VV ; comfortawe situation ; wages 215 to £l6,—l'dlss Hunsow, Registry, 19, Irlera-street, Warrington. _

_ WCOOL 28 to SJ, by 2nd April for large family;; must be able to do plain cooking really well; good. wagea.---lage WIIITTARER, 20. Curs a-Park, Cbester

===== 0002601_19010315_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED Good GENERAL; email family ; age about 23; personal references ; housemaid kept.—Apply Five 5, LANCA‘TER-AVENUE. Inlet-Mt& Liverpool.

Seven,

NV Ate LED Good GISNI3RAL Servant about 20; Protestant two in family, no children; good refereneee.—Apply after 6 p m.. 39. UPPEII PABLIAMFOrT-iTIIKET, Liverpool.

tLJANTBD thorough alifildliAL SIVANE, also Nurse about 18 for two young Children good wages.—Mße RAPAPOST. 22, Hesketh-avenue, Didsbury, Manchester,

WANTED, MOTHERS HELP. or superior GENERAL; small family ; good plain cook ; state wages —Mrs V W SABER CON, 53. Warley-road. r laremont Park. Blackpool.

WANTED COOKS, HOUSRMaIDS. WAITRESSES, for Manchester. excellent wages. call or write to MIBB HARRISON, 6. Oldhira-street, Manchester, Established 1862.

WANTBD, COWLS, COOK-GRNBRALS, and HOUSR- MAIDS for Soutbport ; excellent situations ; Rood wages wan feel —Ease JONES, Ileglatry, Bank-atreet, War- - —__

rington.

WANIND a good GENBRAL SithVANT, one who can wash, for family of three ; mnst be a Protestant ; good referencea tequlred.—Apply, 5.BAIITON•110./D, Aloe-lane, Walton. Liverpool. EXPEN.IIiNCED bale and Female NUMBS et a moment's notice for all cases.--i•pply NURSES INSTITU- TION. 70, Hope-etra,4, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

/s3TBD Experienced COOK-OEI3 BEAL ; small family; V Burst-Housemaid kept ; good wages to suitable per ; age about 25; must have good referencse.-6. DOVES- 110.W. Idkdaie, Southport. -

J ANTE() Good GENERAL SERVANT early, by clergy- man's widow and daughter ; age 17 to 2U ; wasting; one liking quiet and easy place in country village ; must be Church ; highest r.terenc,_s required ; no registry ; wages £lB.—Mae .M.LERBECK, 'the Glraoga, Ecalby, near Scar- borough.

*bare.

INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS,

AND SHARES. JAM EA P. BATH & SON, b TOOK AVIJ SHARK BROKIMS, .29, RANE-AOH-AREET, LIVERPOOL. Betabtithed 187 b. Telephone 6813.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
41I) be krt.

MlEBTH.—Cottages 4e Od., 3e. 9d. and 2e. Bd. per week BANE STRBBT OFFICIs, £5 room. ornom SANKRY OFFICES MAXIM taTitieliT Apply tednater Lowk, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-sttoet War' riogton. lelephone—No 55.

LUT gowl HOUSIO In Derby-street, rent 4s 6d.—Apply W 00D8 end bow, Solicitors. ilorsemarket-street Warrington.

JlO JAL—L/001El ROOM, Orford-etreet ; rent E2O . Apply INGoDs & SON, boltottons, Horeetnarket-street, arrtuvon. -

IDERIIISRS, suitable or WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WooDS & Sox, Solicitors, Horsemarlset-stree Warringt6u.

1310 LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street ; 3 bedrooms.— ) Apply W oODB AND :lON, Solicitors, 1-korBemarket street, Warrington.

'[SO LST,llairdresser and Tobacconist shop —For particulars I_ apply to Jamas Swam, 1, Xates-street, Blackpool, Stamped address fur reply.

LOCKUP SHOP TO LET Padgate, Plait Butcher, °meet to., rent Is oer wells elear—Apply, JUI3X.FIC S OR LAND, Bridge-street Warrington.

fro LET, STABLB and COACH-I:MUSH. with lotto over 1 large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply WOODS IC Soy, Solicitor., 55, itaraemarket-atreet, Warrington.

Li 13..0W TO MAKE ...,101C1BY IN 1901," BY JAMBS G. cOoegii. People of Intellezt and Sportsmen who have from Twenty Shillings to One Hundred Pounds at command will find this work can make them a certain and regular income. Highest testimonials.--Send one shilling P.O. and penny stamp to Publishers. WAND & CO. SO, Walwortb-road, London. PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES.

PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. ROGRAMMES FOB FETES, &c. TEE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWHEY STREET

Jottls,llpbrJ3s, Boarbing 05tab5*

ztanks, ZuMitoZois etc.

LIESNNY GOODS. SMALLWARES. lu,. Get all to- -1 gather at BENOLIEL'B, 43, Swan-street, Manchester.

GOOD Firelight 8U11134388 for Sale; buyer taught ; other boldness cause of giving up. Apply at WORKS, Victoria- street, Nelson.

BLACKPOOL.—Girand company House, with established connection ; furniture at valuation; parti:ulars.— BMALEff, Cedar-etreet, Blackpool.

d'IROCRItY BUSINEhd, country, established Sti years ; low rent; immediate possession ; cause of leaving, other business-535, 537, DARWEN-ROAD, DUEIBCdr. Bolton.

ilorgeg, arriageo...gr.

0013 sound PONY and CARF FOR SALE; suit Green- VT grocer or F.shraonger ; cheap. —Apply TAYLOR. 59, BeWsey-steiset, Warrington. Yon P sale. Bethel Pony, 13 hands; quiet and good worker, price £.s.—a. G• Powasnn, Barrow Hail Lane, Great Sankey.

ON SALE, Chestnut Cob. 14-3, rising five; make splendid harness or saddle horse, sound; owner going to 40Utti eArlea.-17, ANN-STREET, hoehdale.

A UUltitiT COAL:H., flrtcas condition, carries 24, all outside ; also large Wagonette and cheap Car —WRIT- TAXER,BreckfieId-road. liverton. Liverpool.

%.IPINAL CARRIAGIC, child 6 years, specially made by Laveson and bon, very light wmker " Trafford " car cost 8 guineas in perfect condition.—Offers Da. WILDING, Wadley. near Wigan.

BDOMES TANKS FOR !MLR ; two 32 feet by M. feet ; one 30 by 7 feet, one 28 feet by 7lt feet ; flues tetken out , eady for Wt.—Palm STRINGER, Blackburn.

ADY desires re-engagement as tsHORTHAND TYPIST, JLI also accustomed to Book-Keeping, general experience. A. 188, Causeway, Warrington,

IJ'AINWORTH JCHOOL, Vildnes —An ASSIS-T AN MISTIMiS, Certlfleated or Art. 50, for Uppe Staucards ; average 32. Salary £5O. —Apply, HEAD-mISTRE.B9

W'3 AR MEDALS WANTED dated 1848, or earlier £ given; also Fenian Raid. Arctic Red River, Firket Atbara,Mashona, Matabele. &e.—MAJDR TOMBS. proitsvich.

DRAUGHTSMAN WANTBD for Warrington. with several years' experience of Architectural Work. State age. experience arid wage expected.—Apply Box No 80,1ixAnunint OFFICIE, 11le aningtoll.

QUBEN.—lntelligent men wanted at once to sell " Queen Victoria, her Life and Reign," New feature'. New naettoda of selllng.—Apply for terms to GRESHAM PUBLISH. Dia Co., 30, Bath-itreet, CiLsgow.

SNITAUY IrsisrucloltbnlP salaries irlO to £250, nurnerouo gyacanetea. Postal Clour.e of lABBOUS now c-imniencing foe Liverpool and Manchester exerns. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over ZOO successful candidatee, ladies eligible.—Apply &BERT BF2L banitary Science. Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper.

WANTED, CARBTAKLIR for Bold-street, Wesleyan V Chapel and :Schools, Warrington. balary £55 with House, Rates. Coal and Gas. free.— Apply giving lull parti- culars by letter (with Testimonials) as to age number of family, qualifications, ic. To E. li. BILCOCB 13, Museum- street, Warrington.

(IOD'S WAY OF SALVATION, Booklet bent Free.by W RANSDIO, 157, Duckworth-etreet,Darwen,send at once.

CRAW'S PERSIAN FORMULA.—lmmedlate hair grower kJ Moustaches, anywhere, 60.-215, r. GEORGE'S-ROAD Peckham,

ACK'S AT SEA; A portrait of his ship painted. Write CP for partleislatelf.A.O., la Dion:ina.LE-sioan, Waterloo, Liverpool.

AA LL Sufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved, portion- liars free.—AaareSS HIGBON. box 276, North-street, Nottingham.

I\THILVOUS WHAANESS, loss of vital power cured per- il mauently, valuable peracription. Is P. 0., worth £5 to sufferers.—W. FLAYMOND, 2, East ti lii, Ashford, Kent.

2_AIIIIKIIIIRIVB RABBIT NETS made from 4-fold super thuc, bU yards, 10s. Plaited Cords.—Jolirmues Di ET WARE/10118E, 38, Corporation-street Manchester.

J. -WALKER & CO 46-ri _C4XAMINER " OFFICF PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN,

JOHN WALKER AND Co.. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. E X,9.111,)ER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, PRINrINGWOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PROFESBIONAL GENTLEMEN,

===== 0002601_19010315_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
alto bp I%,tb ate Ertarp

eprlts,

THE EXAMINER, DUD Y. MARCH 15, 1901.

Caff6 Voultrp, &r.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BuFF-Rocx EGGS for Sitting, from splendid layers 3. 6d per dozen.—Mrs. t.lavo, Kirkby, near Liverpool

===== 0002601_19010315_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
youß ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. ;Awes It before those wbom you want to reachand goes direct to the Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you eller known among them, at a very small Coat.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
(at utatton.

800001., BOUTHPOILT.—A most smogs fal Boarding aohoot for Boy". T IMHERWOOD. M. 4.. LL

it partmento

/ lOMFORTABLE HOYLE for Gentleman ; bath. piano; V share large bedrJont, separate bads.-38, LOVELY-LANE, Warrington.

&ales bp atiction.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BY MR. THOMAS TUNSTALL.

Illontp.

• r MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. AND PAYABLE BY INRTALMENrS, OR AS MAY BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED, ON PEOMIS6ORY NOTE ONLY, AND WITH OR WITHOUT SURETIES. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has bee established since 1870, and has always conducted his business under HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has reeelveci MANY HUNDREDS OF LIIU/SES OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence Nee pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, Term• for Advance., or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter, to

Cl-IORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 18, SCIIOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Office, 20, KENNBDIE-STILEET. MANCHESTER.

BEST BESI BMT BEST BEST BEST

. - CURES SPRAINS. 1 vUlias RAUIRAs. CURAS buFF JuINTS. CURAii CRAMP. CCREs VOLD ON THA _ CHRIST. CURSB RHEUMATISM. CURES &ma THROAT.

EMBROcATION EMBROCATION EMBROCATION EMBROCATiON r_ siBROCATION r-d MB RO CATIoN OF OF OF OF

The following testimonbis bpeak for themselves :

ASTON VILLA

FOUNDIT-iOST Mr. G. B. ftAMWAY, elecretary of the AbION FULA, F. (7., writes :

•• We Used Grafton's Embrocation nearly all last season, and found it most effectual and beneficial in cases of bruises sprains, &e., to."

UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST HMI- BitOOATiuN WE EVER HAD. NOTTS. FOREST, F.C. Dear Sirs, _

OF OF

, For several weeks past we have been using Oratton's Oils for our p ayers, and I think It only right to you to let you know how valu- able we found them in all eases of sprains. bruises, 80. They are un- domtedly the best ;in). orocation we have ever had.

Yours faithfully, R. S. UAL/FORD, Secy. SHEFFIELD UNITED. CRIOILBI' AND FOOTBALL CLUB.

May 22nd, 1895.

Geutiemen, It gives me great pleasure to testify to the esoellenee of your Ilmbrocation. Yours faithfully, H. H. STONES. Asst. Secy

GRANTON'S GRATTON'S GRITTON'S GUNTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S FOR FOR FcR FOR

F OR FOR

RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM RHEUMITISM RHEUMATISM SPRAINS SPRAINS SPRAINS SPRAINS SPRAINS

SPRAINS BRUISES BRUISES BRUISES BRUISES BRUISES BRUISES COLDS COLDS k)OLDS

- COLDS COLDS

COLDS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS STIFF JOINTS SORE THROAT SOlt& THROAT SORE THROAT SORE I iHROAT SORE TIIROAT SORE THROAT CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP. CRAMP.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTHR 37 YILIRS.

Ms. W. kIAiUION, of the Willows, Waliteringbam, Galas- bore" writes.—

"flaying been troubled with Rheumatism for 37 years I am happy to tell you that by con- stant use of Oration's Embro- cation I have not one quarter the pain I had, in fact it has done me more good than all the other remedies I have trial during the 37 years put toget- her.''

GRATTON'S

EMBROCATION- KREPS THE LIMBS SUPPLE AND STIIEND USE AS THE MUSCLES.

lIVERIZ WORKING-MAN SHOULD KRIIP A ROTTLII __ RRADY TO HAND.

- .---.—. Mr. H HAYWARD, of ,Brown- hills, near Walsall, writes to us That he had the misfortune to fall down while carrying a piece of timber. The Limier fell across his leg and bruised and sprained the guider of his knee and he was barely able to walk He tried all sorts of oils but none seemed to do it any good, but one day he was reading the " Walsall Advertiser " and found that Boots, Cash Chem- isle, were advertising Gratton's Embrocation. He decided to buy a bottle and now he is pleased to say that after the second dressing he bad relief of pain, and before he had used the whole of the bottle his knee was sound again. He speaks so highly of it that he thinks every working man ought to have a bottle of this Embrocation ready to band.

TWO BOTTLES QUITE CURED MY RHEUMATHM• Mr. C. SHAW, Loughborough. "1 wish to inform you of the great good your Embrocation has done me. I had to walk with two sticks but two bottle. quite cured my rheumatism. I have recommended it to several of my friends who have all found great benefit from it."

HE RECOMMENDED IT TO EVERYBODY. Mr. W. DAVIES. a Miner of Trenton. Nr. Rotherham, 'laye— tte had very painful swellinks in his knee, and that after several rubbings with Gratton's Embrocation he was able to follow his work as usual. The Embrocation, he avers, is worth a guinea a bottle. In fact. it has done him so much good !lint he recom- mends it to everybody he comes in cot.tact with.

ONE BOTTLE BET IT RIGHT- " To Messrs. Anderson Gratton " I have used your Embrocation for a capped knee. and I found relief in three applications ; one bottle set it right. I have also used. It for sprains and bruises. rheumatic affections. and have had no other to equal It. At the present time IBM using it for a crushed elbow and find great relief from it, and my friends. that I have recommended it tc., speak highly of it. I "W. G. HUTCHINSON, Carlton-on-Trent, Newark."

CYCLISTS PLECkSPI NOVI • .' Mr. Auderson Gratton - .

" I have used your Embrocation during my training for tha 60 miles Lincolnshire Road Record. which I covered in 2 hours 14 minutes. At the finish I was well rubbed down with your Embrocation and I felt no strain upon the muscles whatever. I shall for the future always use it during my oug rides and path racing, " A. 14. BUCKLE."

A THANKFUL OITIZZN. Mr. J. HARDING, Walsall. "Having tiled every available remedy for rheumatism with little or no relief I tried Gratton's Embrocation, and have known more relief from It than everything else I have ever used. lam very thank- ful you introduced It into alma."

USED WITH WONDERFUL EFFECT. ALBERT CRAWFORD says— Having been t:oubled with great pains in all my limbs I resolved to try a bottle of your Embro- cation with the r.,sait that a few anplicatfons inini a wonder- ful eff.ct, giving me almost . _

immediate re.lef. I derived such great benefit (I never felt worse in me life) I feel COM. pelled to congratulate you upou having been the medium of putting Within tLe reach of the public such a valuable prepara- tion."

I have suffered severely with neuralgia and waa recommen- ded to try Grafton's Hmbroca- ttOft. I did so aud it acted like magic, giving me mutant relief. Yours shwerely, "'THOMAS Derby."

PRICE is. 10. ron 100. AT

BOOTS CASH CHEM LSTS,

SOLB LOCAL ACIBET6. 35, BRIDGR-STRBET WAX BUM TUN, 5, BULDIaIi-Onuna

THE Naval Estimates The Naval Pro- gramme. continue to show a steady increase, and if the work turned out be only satisfactory the public will not mind the extra cost, and will recognise the importance of the efforts put forth to maintain our naval supremacy. Tile figure show an in- crease of expenditure for the new financial year of £2,083,600, and for this sum we are to get 3,745 more men, under various heads, and an increased activity in several branches. The Chinese Squad- ron has been augmented, some destroyers and torpedo-boats have been adaed to the Medi- terranean Fleet, and other changes have been made. The ships in hand are being pushed for ward, and the delivery of armour-plates has been improved, a fifth firm having been induced to go into the business. "The outlook in regard to the futore supply of armour is, therefore, favourable." A number of battleships, cruisers, and protected cruisers are under construction, as well as sloops, destroyers, torpedo-boats and submarine boats. Five of the last-named vessels are ordered, and experiments are to' be made with them to " assist the Admiralty in assessing their true value. The question of their employment must be studied,and ; all ries elopments in their mechanism carefully : watched in this country." The subject of mer- chant cruisers has received attention, and the vessels of the older lines have been secured under a new arrangement, and the best ships of the Orient, Royal Mail. and Pacific Companies have been reserved. "Eighteen of the largest and ! swiftest passenger steamers belonging to these companies (seven in all) will receive an annual ; subvention, and thirty steamers in addition are held at the disposal of the Admiralty without further subsidy." The Belleville boilers have been definitely condemned in an ad interim report of the investigating Committee. Ten vessels are in hand for repairs. The construction programme for the new year includes three battleships, six armoured cruisers, two third-class cruisers, ten destroyers, five torpedo boats, two sloops, and the five submarine boats, already mentioned. As to naval ordnance, there is an increased vote for re - serves of guns and ammunition, for 12in. wire guns, 9.2 in. guns, for a new 7.sirn gun, and for new Maxims. Under the head of new works there is a larger activity promised in docks, harbours, break- waters, dredging, barracks, and the like. Taken as a whole, we seem to be making almost as many extensions as if we were fighting for a better position than we have ever had before, or we had been losing ground in almost every department. Yet there are complaints that we are not going ahead with sufficient enterprise and vigour, and some of the suggested improvements are declared to be unsatisfactory. The stimulus sup- plied by the activity of other Continental Powers is, however, obvious in all these efforts, and, in our judgment, as much is being done as circumstances , warrant and the taxpayers will be able to bear. ' The navy is still our first line of defence, despite the new scheme of military organisation, which almost seems to presuppose the impotence of the Fleet, and it would be foolish to remain passive whilst our neighbours are making such rapid strides. The present programme will serve to con- vince the world that we do not intend to allow our naval supremacy to be challenged. It is ob- vious that we cannot stand still, and that our Im- perial responsibilities are increasing at such a rate as to make an extension of the navy wise and safe. Empire may be good for commerce, but it ale makes the demand upuii our defensive force greater than ever.

The Liberal Tne strength of the Unionists. Liberal Unionists in the

House of Commons is on° of all proportion to their strength in the country. We take this fact to be at the basis, to be the Un- seen foundation, of the DUKE OF Davoilsman's advice to the Liberal Unionists of Leed.s and its neighbourhood. Everybody knows that ever since the great Liberal schism the Liberal Union- ists have been a diminishing body. The Parnell Commission, the policy of coercion, the educe- tional reaction, the coalition with the Conserve- tives,and more recent events have caused a steady drain upon the numerical strength of the part,'

'

liberals have been constantly returning in nearly every constituency. Nothing but the clever elec- toral pact with the Conservatives has kept the Party in existence. To maintain this pact the fatuity of a separate organisation has to be pre- served, at great expense, and to provide the Liberal Unionist Ministers with some force to fah back upon in the event of a party disintegra- tion. But in what does a Liberal Ti nionist now differ from a Conservative? Are the various organisations aiming at the promotion of any policy different from that which is known as Ministerial? Do the unattached Liberal Unionist M.P.'s in the House of Commons prove their Liberalism in any aPecial way? Do they systematically oppose the raore reactionary parts of the Ministerial pro- gramme. It would puzzle a political investigator to discover such indications of supposed original differences of opinion in present views and acts. Wherever the Liberal Unionist be found, he can- not be distinguished except by name from the °rdinary Conservative. The Duke of DEVONSHIRE, Whilst advising that the organisation of the party shall be maintained—in the interests of the union between Great Britain and Ireland, We suppose—suggests a method of obtaining recruits that will excite some amusement in many quarters. He says that efforts should be made "to attach more permanently to our organisations those Liberal electors whose votes were recorded in our favour in the autumn of last year. Mr. ezusantaratiN cordially concurs in these views." The new Liberal Unionists, therefore, are to be sturdy supporters of what the Government has dote in the war. But some of these Imperial Liberals are Home Rulers, and they have no sym- Pathy with Liberal Unionism as such. How can they become "permanently" attached to a party Which is reactionary on Irish, domestic, and edu- eational subjects? There are also Liberal Union- -4t3 who do not approve of the present Irish policy of the Government, as witness Mr T W RUSSELL, and there are others who do not champion the C4orernment policy in South Africa, conspicuously atnongst them Mr COURTNEY. Neither of the men nlentioned is permanently attached to modern Liberal Unionism. It is, on the Duke's own show- ing, a changeful kind of party, ready to take up new subjects, but always true to the Coalition. The duty of the Liberal Unionists,in short,appears to be to keep their leaders in the Govern ment,and to support the Government because their leaders are in it. This is the whole duty of man, accord- ing to the spirit of the Duke's advice. The best Way of fulfilling this duty is, surely, to become Conservative, when there can be no mistake in the Position or its duties and responsibilities. But no; this would shock the consciences of men who have never done a Liberal thing since 1866, and injure a party which has been shedding its more honest Politicians ever since. Liberal Unionism has be- come a solemn farce. It has no policy that is not Personal and its latest " principle" is to support the Government in South Africa, where self- government is given to Colonists, whilst denied to Irishmen at home.

The Birkenhead Farmers' Club has taken a al_tr:ong line against the sparrows. Not content with ,"411g privy to the destruction of 8,000 birds last Ye.ar, it is issuing an appeal for stronger action, 7,11411 a view to the extermination of these familiar ther4ers of the feathered tribe. The case against f e BParrow is that his tastes are too clearly in ,av,our of vegetarianism. He is too fond of corn, not keen enough after insects. There have differences of opinion among naturalists as to profit and less account involved in the life of a Parrow ; but the old-fashioned farmers have stead- ily regarded these chirpy little things as enemies. at may be that the evil is one of over-population, and that the evil is not that we have sparrowa,but that we have too many. It may be that the com- Parative mildness of recent winters has lessened the mortality among sparrows.; or it may be that the fields are kept cleaner than they used to be, 'flough this seems improbable in view of the agri- rtural depression. But the idea of ,exterminat- stgit,he sparrcrws,of attacking the whole tribe,so to •freraK, seems a wanton act of barbarism, and it is o° hoped that it will not succeed. It is certain, 11?dee. d, that in the towns the sparrows will remain, ,Picking up a living in a very humble way. Until rotor-cars become general, they are in no danger °f Starving; and they have a certain use, as well • 48 brightening town life.

Whatever else may be said in favour or dis- , praise of the British Navy, it produces old men. " Humanitarian " of this month contains a Ihst of distinguished veterans enough to make the 'heart of a midshipman fill with pride. It reminds 'ape of the pity which a famous sailor expressed in lime of storm for the people on land, who had no 'apace in which to stir while the chimney-pots and tiles were flying about. There are fifty flag Officers, headed by that fine old Admiral of the Xleet with the respectable total of ninety-one Years to his credit. None of them entered the -service later than the 'thirties of last century, and ,rnost of them did so in the early 'thirties. The majority have lived under four Sovereigns. One of them, Admiral Sir George Elliot, was com- mander of the Columbine in 1839; while several were actively engaged in the bombardment of St. Jean d'Acre in 1840. Sir Erasmus Ommaneey, as midshipman, assisted in an exploit of the 3.6ritish Army in 1,827, and several others were in the Franklin Relief Expeditions fully fifty years Q. It is a plcasant story to tell—that of the "Itality and healthy extension of the ordinary in- eat in hutcan life to men who have risked so Zlieh to sustain Great Britian's superiority on the ;4mes. It is said that any lengthened time on the :4 produces rheumatism, and other ills ; but these tterans are a visible evidence of its strengthening 4%ellit•

--- Local Parish Councils were elected this year !Nith comparative quietness, and only in one Instance has a poll been demanded. The novelty Qf having Parish Council election contests has aPP arently worn off, and it is probable that the telPense which attends an appeal to the ballot box 'ma had something to do with the chariness with 4/I'hlnh4enaaas are now made for a poll. Stock- !'°ll Heath has usually provided a little excitement the election of its Parish Council, but this year ,this ratepayers aze so satisfied with the seven mem- tu."B who have acted as their represents- , Alves that they have re-elected them en bloc. the subsequent meeting, Mr England stronly- advocated the creation of an urban( '4..lllhority for Stockton Heath, and contended "that under the present conditichis, the rat 3payers I,‘lre getting very little return for their contribu- Zon to the rates of the Runcorn rural district. iltil'c9.re are certainly grounds for his complaint but 'a 19 questionable whether a separate urban ltkoricy for Stockton Heath would not cost con- more than is the case at present, The P,„"lee of officialdom for Stockton Heath as a sew- T'e.elltlty would be a serious matter. The more • Ile:orable method of removing the present impasse guld appear to be to petition the Warrington Peratiott to add Stockton Reath to the Borough. 4c:ln d.ifferenco in rates would be small in comparl- ,,n with the many advantages which Stockton neoth would derive from such a consummation.

DRLICIIOUS MAZAWATTICH TEA DR LICIOLTO NIAZ&WAr UM TN& DEILICIOUS MAZAWATTEI4I TBA NOE AGENI'S :HINUr tudzia AND Co. ran, WII°LF-SALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC.. R ..7 ET BTIIEET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall sail to-day from Portsmouth on their tour to some of the more important of the British Colonies generally, and those of Australia in particular. They have already been informed of the keen interest felt in the pro- posed visit, not only at the Antipodes, but at the various ports of call, including Port Said, Colombo, and Singapore. The Royal couple .have likewise been assured of an enthusiastic welcome at Mauri- tius, Durban, Cape Town, and St. Vincent, on their way to Canada and Newfoundland If the time- table be adhered to, their Royal Highnesses will be back at Portsmouth on the first ot November. It is no secret that the Duke, who shares with his father a love for foreign travel, has been looking forward to the voyage with some degree of eager- ness. The tour cannot fail to do good, bath from an educational point of view, so far as the Heir- Apparent is concerned, and in cementing the ties which unite the Colea,es to the Mother Country. When Royalty starts upon these expeditions the number of presents to be given away constitute no trifling detail in the Reueral arrangements. But there are other things more prized than jewelled bangles or gemmed snuff-boxes, and the Duke must appreciate the power accorded him by the King of conferring the honour of knighthood; a power which will be regarded by the Colonists as practical' evidence of the high dignity with which their Royal visitor has been invested.

This promises to b if not a record at any rate a recording month. Votes have already been recorded for County Councillors, and for many of the Parish Councils, while Urban Councils have yet, to be re- constituted, and Boards of Guardians will have to wait a few days longer for their turn On the last day of March there will be a recording of every in- habited house and every human occupant, in the shape of a " numbering of the people." The duties of citizenship have multiplied greatly within the past half-century, but inasmuch as we have been taught to regard them more as " privileges" than duties, we are not so tired of them, possibly, as might otherwise be the case. To some, however, the charm of having so often to decide the respec- tive claims of men, and of women, whom they see every day, appears here and there to have been broken,and the, enter no longer so enthusiastically into local electioneering for County Councils, Town Councils, DiQtrict, and Parish Councils as they did even a very few years since. Not that there is less interest manifested in the doings of these bodies, which, as a rule, have served the ratepayers effi- ciently and welt, but really there are now so many of them The public spirit and usefulness however, are much admired,and the chanccq are that, instead of becoming fewer in number, they will before long be more numerous.

As might be anticipated, after the revelations made in what is known as the " Allport case,' tried at Bristol, which sent a thrill of horror through the country a few days since it is being urged in various parts of the provinces that the limitations on the operations of criminous baby-farmers must be fohowed by more stringent restrictions on child-assurance. In the making of these restrictions, however, it seems ne- cessary that care should be taken not to embarra,s the honest parent or guardian. It would appear absurd to condemn the whole system of child-as- surance as intrinsically bad. Same portion of it may be made bad by cruel and dishonest persons, but the principle underlying the system is not ren- dered thus unsound, nor does it always act as a temptation. The (destruction of the system might be a blow against thrift among the poorer classes. Yet there may be round room for improvement de- spite the preventive clauses inserted in the policies of some companies. There is iittle doubt that at no remote period the Legislanire will re-examine the subject of child-assurance with the view to re- move some of its more obvious and dangerous de- fects. But what has to be considered in this con- nection is that the vast majority of honest and right-thinking parent 4 should not be deprived of such aid as may he afforded through the medium of the life assurance companies.

To-morrow (17th) is St Patrick's Pay. Local celebrations of the day have somewhat fallen off in most parts of the provinces, and on the strength of what occurred last year, when Queen Victoria visit- ed Ireland, many Irishmen have written to the papers urging the desirableness of a revival of the custom. What effect these appeals may have will be seen to-day and on Monday. The great day fall- ing this rear on Sunday, tne Irish Parliamentary party will hold their annual dinner on Tuesday. The Countess of Limerick's Shamrock League ap- pears to have been tolerably successful ; quite a number of the leading members on both sides of the House of Commons having given it their patronage. The main object is said to be the supply of the genuine article, in the shape of shamrock, through- out the British isles, "freshly picked and carefully packed," for use on St. Patrick's Day. By its sale, it is proposed to benefit that deserving charity, the Soldiers and Sailors Families' Association.

Vienna, according to the "Daily Telegraph's" correspondent, has had an experience very similar to that of Liverpool recently, in the matter of over- head electric wires. There had been a sudden and heavy fall of snow as at Liverpool, the weight breaking the overhead conductors of the electric tramway. Many horses were killed, and several passengers more or lees injured. It is thought the accident will lead to the abolition of the over- head wire. We are not quite so ready to accept the inevitable hint in this country.

--- Arrangements for the eleventh British National Convention of Christian Endeavour Societies, which is to be held at Sheffield, May 25th to 29th, are pro- ceeding apace, and there is every reason to antici- pate that the high standard of preceding Conven- tions will be upheld. The Rev John Clifford, D.U., will preach the Convention sermon at the Albert Hall on Whit-Sunday morning. The Convention Committee have arranged for a number of excur- sions for Whit-Wednesday to places such as the Dukeries, Chatsworth, Buxton, Paveril Castle, etc. Great things appeared to have been expected by t'iose who would like to see the public health authorities, or the inspectors under this rood Adulteration Acts, upon the track of that mysterious compound sold in London at fourpence a pound as tea, from the question to be put in the House of Commons on the subject. Mr. H. Hob- house submitted his question on Monday in such a way as to enable Mr. A. Chamberlain to reply that the Board of Customs had no knowledge ot sales in bond of tea "containing microbial products" dangerous to health, and that an inquiry on the subject was for the Local Government Board to consider and decide upon. It can scarcely be expec- ted that the latter will take the initiative, however, and in the meantime England, it may be supposed, will continue to be regarded as the dustbin for all rubbishy" tea" which has been refused admission to Continental countries. -- Objections to the Shops Bill introduced into the House of Commons by Sir Charles Dilke and nine other memberstand down for its second reading on the 26th mat, are being formulated and sent in from several important towns in the provinces. The gist of these objections seems to be that the general restriction proposed on the hours of labour in shops would create an entirely new precedent, and goes far beyond anything in the more recent factory legislation; also that the Bill would place the regu- lation in other hands, and thus create an artificial position prolific in difficuities and disturbance for all branches of trade. It is urged that the natural regulators of closing are the purchasers as shown .by the varigions of tee hour in large provincial towns inhaffited by different classes.

C RAWFORD'S

CREAM

CRACKERS,

RISP AND REAMY

===== 0002601_19010315_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN ANMWIDNES.

"A FREEMASON."

Robert Britten, alias Bounce, was charged before Mr W Handley, J.P., on Wednesday, with soliciting alms the previous day.—Brittan represented he was a Freemason seeking assistance from members of the cratt, and was liberated on promising to leave the town. _ _

WIDNES FREE I LIBRARY LECTURE. On Friday evening, in ignnection with the Widnes Library, a lecture was delivered by Coun- cillor Christie on" Bobby Burns, the Ploughman Poet," which was hignly appreciated by all present Dr. MacLennan occupied the chair. RE3IA.NDED FOR INQUIRIES.

Mr W Handley J P., remanded- Patrick Grady, an Irish labourer, for a week, on Wednesday morning last. The charge against Grady was the larceny of a coat valued 124 61 from Mrs Lightfoot's pawn- shop, Runcorn, which offence he was alleged to have ccmmitted the previous Monday. There being other charges preferred against the prisoner,he was remandedits indicated tor enquiries.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITAILIAN LBCTIIRES.

The second of the of tour at the Public Hall, Runcorn was given on Tuesday by the Rev H D Roberts, who, taking " Unitarians and the Bible" described the results of criticism on the Bible. The Hexateuch; the supposed prediction of Jesus; the accounts of the birth and resurrection were selected for analysis. The audience was very attentive, and many questions were asked and answered. A similar lecture was given at the Baths Hall, Widnes, on Wednesday.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEER STELLING CASE.

On Thursday before Messrs S Taylor and W liandley, at the Runc.mn Police Court, Maggie Staunton, a Runcorn woman, was charged with not appearing to a summons, at Runcorn, on 2ad April, 1900, to then answer a charge of stealing 3 gallons of beer.—lt will be remembered, that in April, a young man was proceeded against and fined 103,f0r the larceny of beer from the Rose and Shamrock, Runcorn, a public-house which was ttntenanted for a short period, and that the culprits had broken into the cellar to obtain the beer.—The present case came about owing to Staunton running away. She was, however apprehended in Fleetwood the previ- ous day, and brought over by Constable McLeod.— Prisoner pleaded guilty to the charge, and was bound over to come up for judgment if called upon within the next six months. HOPE HALL MISSION " P.S.E " RUNCORN.

On Saturday evening, the above hall was opened for a pleasant Saturday evening. The entertain- ment consisted of a service of song entitled "Her Benny," given by the St. Luke's choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Penny. Toe evening was very much enjoyed by a good number of people. The principal soloists were Misses Tickle, Bellies, and Messrs Penny and Moores. Mr. Tickle presided at the organ, and Mr Jones was the reader. A vote of thanks was given to the choir for their services. Mr. Penny responding, said It was a pleasure to 'nig choir to come and help them, Refreshments were then handed round, and the entertainment con- cluded with the national anthem. DILOWNINQ FATALITIES AT RUNCORN.

The Coroner (Mr R Dobson) has been fairly busy at Runcorn during the past week. His services were first required last Saturday, when in the pres-1 lence of a jury, enquiry was made as to the cause of 1 the death of William Garner, labourer, aged 63,wh0 resided at Perry-street, Runcorn.—From the evid- ence adduced, it appeared Garner was employed as a labourer at Wiggs works. On Thursday night he was down there, and in walking along the quay edge was supposed to have slipped upon the shiny ore and fallen into the Ship Canal. No one was about at the time, but when Garner was missed search was made and his body was discovered in the water between the ship " Emerald " and the quay wall. Artificial respira- tion was tried, but with no effect.—The jury returned a verdict of "found drowned." On Wednesday afternoon, Coroner Dobson again sat' at the Runcorn Police Court, when evidence was submitted to the effect that William Robert Collins aged 19 years, an invalid son of Mrs Winifred Cal.! lins, residing at 4, Grindrod-square, was "found drowned" in the Manchester Ship Canal, at the Old Quay Docks, the previous day. It was stated de- ceased was rather dull of intellect, and a sufferer from some form of lung disease. Re used to spend most of his time in bed, and was given a great deal of his own way. About 930 p.m. he left the house in his night-shirt, and was subsequently discovered dead in about 18 inches of water by Constable Ed- wards. Deceased was lying face down. There were no marks of violence on the body, but a slight abrasion of the shin and cheek seemed to indicate that the deceased had tripped and fallen into the dock, a distance of about 12 feet below, and being too weak to recover himself was thus suff As indicated a verdict of "found drowned" was re- turned.

_ 1 CONCERT AT VICTORIA•ROAD BOARD SCHOOLS. The boys attending the above schools gave a con- eert in aid of the Orphan and Benevolent Fund of the National Union of Teachers on Friday evening. There was a good attendance of parents and friends. and the scholars met with a hearty reception. During the interval Mr J F Moulton gave the com- pany a few interesting particulars with reference to the work of the Orphanage Fund of the National Union of Teachers. He mentioned the case of a Widnes girl. whose father was drowned, who was now being provided for in the Sheffi 4d Orphanage, The mother also received during an illness £l3 from the fund. The fund had been assisted largely by the people of Runerrn. Since the formation of the fund the sum of £3OO had been raised in this neigh- bourhood. They had ,xlso helped several charitable institutions—as for instance the War Fund and the Indian Famine Fund—and during the sharp winter a few years ago they provided a free breakfast. He hoped the audience would inspect the children's work, specimens of which were placed round the room. This work was an evidence of the standard ,of work done in the school. Mr J Littler also made a few remarks with reference to the object of the entertainment, and congratulated Mr Moulton and hisias,istants on the character of the entertainment.

NELSON-STREET MISSION HALL, RUNCORN, On Monday evening a lecture was delivered at the above hall by Mr Edward Boden the subject chosen being that of the prodigal son beautifully illustrated by lime-light views, which the lecturer made use of with telling effact. Appropriate hymns and solos were sung at intervals by the Nelson- street choir to give greater realism to the pictures shown upon the screen: The chair was taken. by Mr James Roughsedge, of Preston Brook, who made an. appropriate opening speech. The lecturer made the old story glow, with his eloquent and very suggestive language, and described graphically the various scenes in the prodigal's way- ward career. As the Lecturer finished speaking the Chairman called upon Mr Byfield to give a few songs upon his gramaphone, which produced roars of laughter and loud applause. At the conclusion of the programme the chairman said it had been a treat to him to listen to Mr Boden's lecture that night, and he intimidated his willingness to come again and occupy the chair. He then proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr Soden for his lecture, to Mr By&ld for his gramaphone entertainment, and to Mr Hoxworth for providing gratis the lime- light views. This was seconded by Mr James Strange, the presiding organist, and after loud and proloneed applause the meeting terminated. -- - TOO RE A. COLD IN ONE DAY

- - - Take Laxative Brou.o Quinine Tablets. All Drugglate re- fund the money If it fails to cure, 1/11, The get:mine is stamped L.B.Q.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1901

===== 0002601_19010315_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PLAYING WITH FIRE-ARMS LT THE THEATRE. On W ednesday afternoon a startling accident occurred in the Runcorn tneatre. Three boys named George Henry Walker, 49, Wellington-street,Josepti Clare, Wellington-street, and Charles Fox, High- street. gained admittance to the theatre, and after playing about in the pit for some time, they got some guns lying in the property room, and played at "Briton and B )er." The boys, in the course of the game, got on either side of the pit, when Clare suddenly shouted to Walker, "Hold up your hands or I'llfire." As Walker hesitated Clare pressed the trigger when there was immediately a loud repor, and Walker was shot in the neck. The noise at- tracted the attention of a youth named Abraham Kennedy, Loch-street, and he forced an entrance, and found the injured lad bleeding profusely. He at once raised an alarm, and got the lad conveyed to Dr MacLennan. There were two large wounds in the lad's neck, but he is now making satisfactory progress. The gun was not loaded with shot, but with a number of missiles which had been crammed in by the boys. They did not know it would go off. THEFT OF CLOTHING BY A WIDNES YOUTH.

At the Widnes Police Court on Friday, before Alderman H S Timmis and W W Gossage, John Livingston, Pear-street, was charged with stealing from a flat named the Rubicon, lying at the West Bank Dock, a quantity of wearing apparel, a clock, dominoes, &c, value £2, the property of Robert Wood Boot, between the Ist and sth March. Prisoner was further charged with stealing clothing value 12s 61, &c., from the Crystal flat between the Bth and 10th of December last year, the property of Samuel Davies. ln the first case the evidence showed that the flat was locked up by the Captain lon Friday, when he went to his home at Bootle. On his return tie found the cabin door broken open,the articles missing, and considerable damage done to the cabin. He gave information to the police.— P.C. ()Tool said he succeeled in arresting the prisoner and ound some of the stolen articles at his mother's house. Prisoner was wearing a coat which was part ofthe proceeds of the robbery in December. The robbery could not be traced to aryone at the time it was reported.—Prisoner was bound over in his own recognizance of .£5 to come up for judg- ment when called upon, WEST BANK M/SSION, WIDNES There was again a good attendance at the above Mission on Saturday evening, under the presidency of Mr J Williams. Miss M Collins interpreted with much expression "The Gates rf the West " and "The Beautiful Prayer," while Mr W Hague's" Man of Sorrows" was highly appreciated. The recita- tions "The Pit of Death " and Reported Miss. ing "by Mr D Johnson proved that his oratorical ability was of no mean order. The duet" Life's Dream is o'er! Farewell," by Miss Draper and Mr Murray, was sung in a praiseworthy manner, while the former artiste further enhanced her reputation by her rendering of" The Better Land." Miss Greg- son contributed the mandoline solos with much taste, while the pianoforte solo "Powder and Shot," by Master J Penny, was greatly lonjoyed. The humorous songs " Domestic Pets" and " Ballad Monger," by Mr E Taylor, were loudly encored, while the" City of bight" was very gracefully given by Miss M Penny. An interesting temperance address was delivered by Master F Boardman. A g programme was brought to a fitting with an extremely laughable sketch, cv oenrycl upslieoansin entitled "The Beggar's Story,' by four members of the party. Miss Treacy and Master J Penny accom- panied with their usual ability.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY MYSTERY AT ACTON

BRIDGE.

Body Found on the Line.

News reached Runcorn on Thursday, of a very sad railway mystery. About 6 o'clock in the morning the body of a well-dressed gentleman was found on the line at Anton Bridge. He was an rificer evidently of some steamship line run in conjunction with the railway ser- vice, for in one of his pockets was found a first-claas privilege ticket from Leeds to Manchester. The cloth- ing and general appearance indicate a seafaring man. In another pocket there was a £5 note. The body was much mutilated, and had evidently been run Over by a passing train, as one leg was entirely cut off and the other broken. How deceased got to Acton Bridge is absolutely shrouded in tnystery.and his strange and very sad end has caused considerable sensation throughout the district. Up t time of going to press his identity had not been established.

RUNCORN NOTES. [ByA CORRESPONDENT It was delightful to see several ladies out with collecting boxes, on Wednesday night, engaged in the'laudable effort of raiging the local oursinz fund. The innovetion is a commendable one and affords us all an opportunity of dropping in a copper when we can. The result, too, proves that the Runcorn people never shirk their responsibilities for the amount collected was very encouraging.

The estimates of the Runcorn Board of Guardians and the Rural District Council, were submitted at Tuesday's meeting. They show a very satisfactory eats of affairs. The Poor Rate is likely to be 8d in the .£ and the District Council rate 44. Compared with the corresponding period of last year, the Guardians raise their rate Id in the .£ and the District Council abate theirs to the extent of Id in the £ ; thus a sort of compensating balance is maintained, and the combined rate of both bodies is maintained at a uniform figure. The House Committee of the Board of Guardians, however, are face to face with the knotty pro- blem of dietary arrangements. In the master's opinion the new arrangement will add MOO to the annual cost of in-maintenance, and this figure is considered very large. One would naturally suppo-e that the new Local Government Board Dietary Order aimed at the very desirable I object of placing Boards of Guardians in a position to practically do as they liked in the matter of classification. Deserving cases are to be treated liberally ; and undeserving cases, of course, proportionally illiberally; this would imply to some extent a kind of subtraction and addition inasmuch as the comforts of the one class are increased, and the enjoyments of the other lessened. If, however, the class distinction in the Runcorn Union is not 90 marked as to preserve the cost of working at its old uniform rate, surely it cannot be expected that " our Guardians " should deny to the deserving what they really deserve, irrespective of expense. Indeed, all the ratepayers desire that their rate should go to the Poor, and if 1 Boards of Guardians studied economy in adminstra- tion rather than at the cost of the comfort of the paupers a greater public good would be accom- plished.

The Runcorn School Board election will come on apace, but in the meantime the Liberals of the locality have taken a leaf nut of thhe!deolpivpeorneecintast boiotich .anAd ndeicnitdeerdecttoincirl elneteunrceewthi will campaign for th- wthe Liberal Club on Tuesday by Mr FJ Norman (a member of the Board) on education in. the 19th century ; and an attendance at the place,which will be open to the public, will undoubtedly be time well-spent.

The distribution of the seats available for the several persons nominated for Runcorn Guardian 4 has been very amiably arranged. as was indicated last week, with the slight difference that Mr W Randley waives his chances in favour of Mr Douglas, Leinster Gardens.—For the District Coun- cil there will be contests in Antrobus, Norleyi Stockton Heath, StretLon, and Whitley Superior,and much interest is being evinced in those places as to e the result.—For Parish Council honours there will be but one contest at Hlsby and here excitement is at a high pitch, 21 candidates seeking a seat where but eleven an be accommodated. Helshy is indeed well ble,.,ed with public spirit, and the scramble is being n 3 keenly watched as a Arst class Rugby foot- ball game.

FOOTBALL. Talking of Rugby ! All Runcorn is aglow with the achievements of its premier football team. Two rounds of the Cup Campetition successfully negoti- ated, and Swinton fairly drubbed, fill u 4 with ex- ultation, and our hopes of the Northern Union Cup are rising proportionately to the square of our footballers form. Wednesday evening's match was a revelation,and when it is considered that Swinton played a capital game, it is best uaderstond how well the home men acquitted themselves. Next Saturday Runcorn play a friendly with Birkenhead Wanierers.

11131.1C10LT3 MAZELWAWEE TEA DHLICIOUS MAZAWATTICETA DELICIOUS Ai AZ ViVATT &IC TEA SoLEAciv.wrs HENRY MILLING AND Co. LTD. wEIOLKSLLE AND RETAIL GROCER ETC" b. lioliontLßHET-STRET, WARTG;NGTrAt.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON ROAD WESLEYAN CHAPEL

Re-opening Services.—Revival of

Runcorn Methodism.

The 20th Century scheme, is not the only scheme, which claims attention from the Methodists of Runcorn, for this week they have been engaged in enjoying the first-fruits of a scheme entirely their own. Toe scope of the Runcorn Wesleyan Circuit improvement scheme has already been fully detailed in these columns. Brunswick School has already been dealt with, and was practically the first work completed in connection with the circuit improvements ; still,the transformation of Halton-road Chapel must stand as this "first fruit" of the glorious undertaking by reason of its importance and tar-reaching effects. It was a long while ago when it was first realised that Halton-road Coapel was too large for its congregation, and though some Wesleyan, would adhere to the ideal of'* working to fill it," in these latter days the church officials have been oblig d to turn their attention to the devising, of means to improve things. The result has been that the chapel, which was built by the late Mr Thomas fiazelhurst for a suna of £B,OOO, has been literally cut in two, the upper part of the building beinc, converted into a commodious chapel witb seatings for about 700 persons, and the lower part being transformed into a schoolroom, of the most up-to-date type, with class-rooms on either side, th 9 glass partitions ot which enable the whole school to be under the eye of the Superintendent from start to finish. A feature in the carrying out of the alterations was its expedition ; on the one Sunday, ser vice was held in the old cnapel, and the following Lord's Day the flooring of vas, new one had bi•en completed and the service was conducted up- stairs. Messrs J R Frith and F J Norman, assisted by Mr Joseph Wilding (surveyor to the Urhan District Council), were practically the chief engineers ; the structural alterations being carried out by Mr Caygill the painting tad decorating by Mr Josepo Green ; and; the plumbing and gas fitting by Mr Coventry ; whitn labour has been supplied by 7.,a10as members of the congregation in spare time; thus enabling the whole work to be carried out slightly under the estimated cost of £BOO.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAY'S SE RV ICES.

The preacher on Wt.;;;;;Y-w-a-s-the—d-t-ev W Arrowsmith, formerly of the Runcorn circuit. At the morning ser- vice the rev. gentleman preached a forcible sermon from the Acts of the Apostles, xis( 2, He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed ? " Riiferring to the alteration of the church, the minister said he could not tell them how thankful be was to see them again in changed circumstances. The alterations were in cis judgment absolutely perfect. He was afraid on the Saturday night, when in the chapel, that it would be difficult to speak in, but he found, now that they were there, that it was quite as easy to speak in as the: larger building. He would like to congratulate the ' friends upon the plans they had adopted, and the splendid scheme they had carried out. In the 6vefling the church was crowded to its utmost capacity. The music in the bands of the choir was a special feature of the services. At the morning service cue anthem " 0 clap your hands" was rendered, and in the evening "Promises of rest "and " Honour the Lord" were gives. In connection with " Honour the Lord" the solos were taken by Mr Edgar Johnson and Mr W Shaw, and the solos in " Promises of rest " by Miss M Heatherington. MOND&V'S MgETINGIS,

On Munday evening a circnit tea meeting Wag held in the school, which was filled to overflowing. The tea was dispensed by the following ladies :—Mesdames Arrowsmirh, Morrison, Foster, J R Frith, J M Frith, F J Norman, E Taylor. R Morris, Coventry, &Angler, Lloyd, Goulden, Cooke, Johnson, Beswick, and Miss Taylor. Subsequently a meeting was held In the chapel, under the presidency of Mr J R Frith. There were present : Revs W Arrowsmith, A Wells (superintendent of the Runcorn Circuit), and H Morrison, Messrs F J Norman, S Taylor, A R Norman, T Simister, S Pope, E Taylor, R El Posnett, J Pd Frith, L Rosenberg, jun., J Looker. J W Bazley, J Brown, Johnson,Graham,George Bellamy and others.

_ The Rev H Morrison opened the meeting with prayer, and called upon Mn J R Frith to take the chair, Mr. J R Frith:on taking the chair said a lady asked him that afternoon if he felt proud, but he replied 'No I feel thankful." (Hear, hear.) He was profoundly thankfcl to God for all His mercies to himself, and to Halton•road. Seme 25 years previously it was realised that Halton-road chapel was too large for the congrega- tion that was likely to attend it, and the idea of cutting it in two was first conceived. 83rne 15 years later he made a proposal to the trustees at their annual meeting that .he work should b 3 done. The matter was thought over, and it was realised it could be done without getting into debt. He had great aversion to getting into debt. (Hear, hear.) He was therefore very i thankful to God that the beautiful sanctuary, I in which they were assembled, had been opened free of debt. (Hear, hear and applause.) He was also thank I ful to God for several other reasons ; the work had been i completed :without a single accident—(hear, bear); and because the alteration had been proved a great atlcCeii, and was likely to be the means of great blessedness. (Hear, hear.) It had been said to him when he first mooted the question of cutting the chapel in two " 0, you will spoil the place." Had they spoilt it ?—(" No, Ne "I —Let them look around them and look below. (Hear, hear.) Na, it was not spoilt, and he was glad to think they had now such a beautiful church in which to worship God ; and, to see, they had such a teautiful schoo'room. There were two or three things they had been obliged to consider. First there was the nursery of the church. (Hear, hear.) They wanted a good schoolr iorei—a luxury they did not possess at Mill 11:ow —and the idea was therefore, how Co get a good schoolroom, for they could not afford to build, hence the inception of the scheme which on being so admirably carried out gave them a good schoolroom below and a good chapel above. (Applause:) Indeed, he felt he could say without boasting there was not a schoolroom in Cheshire comparable with their school. (Loud ap- plause.) Having referred to the discomfort experienced in the old chapel owing to its vastness, Mr Frith con- traeted it with the cheerfulness and compactness of the present structure.Ttey now kne v each other—(laughter) —were connected with each other, rejoiced with each other, and could sympathise with each other in ti ee of need. (Applause.) He believed that the future of the schools would be prosperous. They had been so in diffi- cult times, and when circumstances were adverse,there- fore he felt they would be more so now. (Appiause.) The Church was already prospering, and souls were be- ing brought to know their God. If having a good school , and a good church had been the height of his ambition, his ambition would be poor indeed. It would be miser- ably poor. His arnbition,however, was that the Church should prosper ; that souls should be saved ; that their young people should be brought to God, and that they I should see the chapel filled with worshippers—not cold, lifeless creatures like they had been for a long time past. but worshippers filled with life and vitality. He be- lieved that the time bad coma when the Lord would revive them again as in the days gone by, and when it I came he could say as Simeon of old, " 0 Lord, lay me down in peace." Might God grant it. (Loud applause). I Mr F J No-man, who was cordially received, in an ex- ' ceedingly enlivening speech, recounted the difficulties which bffet them at the inception of the scheme, but ' which thanks to the loyalty and devotion to the cause, completely vanished when the work was taken in hand. He wished to pay Mr Wilding a naeed if praise. He had given them gratuitously magnificent service in connection with that scheme. (Applause.) Mr Wilding would give them a certificate that that place was now safe and really very artistic. He (Mr Normaa) did not think any of them would say it was perfect—there was nothing perfect on earth—but he wanted those kind friends who did not think they had got all they wanted to accept the place as it was, and do their best to make the church and school a great success. Referring to the circuit scheme, and the alterations elsewhere be intimated Brunswick was practically finished, Halton-road was pra3tically complete, and Weston was finished. They had now Preston Brook Chapel to deal with, but they did not propose to tackle that work until the spring. He was not going to say anything about the financial posi- tion of these undertakings. Their worthy treasurers, Mr 8 Taylor and Mr Frith, would no doubt be able to surprise them when matters were wound up. He thought they would fled that these gentlemen bad something up their sleeve, but he did not for one moment want them to cease giving on that account. (Laughter). He wanted to know from their Halton-road friends what they were going to do P Be was there to assert that they could not blame their tools, and to maintain that if the Runcorn circuit, as they believed it had, had given them all they wanted they had a perfect right to expect them to do toinething for the magnificent Methodist cause. (Hear, hear.) Were they proud of Their Methodism ? Did they realize what a blessing it had been to them individually ? Did they believe it was the Metho list revival touching the work- ing men and the middle classes of this country that changed the whole aspect of affairs. Look at Runcoru. Let them carry their minds back to the men who trut-..18 Runcorn, men whose names they honoured to-day, and they would find a very large percentage were Wesleyan Methodists. or Methodists of some denomination or other. Then with regard to the Empire generally. It was nothing but the result and effect of the Methodist revival among the working meta and the middle class, s that saved them from revolution. That was not the hair-brained statement of a Methodist ; any good his• torten would tell th,,tri that. If they went further, to their colonies, they found it was for the most part their , Methodist pluck and enterprise that had gained them their magnificent Empire. All over the world they hid the most important positions occupied by men of their Own religious belief. Were they satisfied with the pre- sent position ? The " Standard " once said that Methodism had done a magnificent work in the past, but her day was done, and the sooner she sank bank into Oblivion or returned to the church the better it would be for all concerned. There were a good many people who believed with that writer in the " Standard." but their late great and good Queen Victoria had no such notion as that. What stru k him most Particularly about their late Queen was that no good organizstison in this country wanted for a word of sympathy from her. (Applause.) No institutiun that

was trying to do good,although the general public might not know it, lacked the kindly sympathy and apprecia- tion of the Queen. She wrote letters of sympathy and appreciation to the head of the Salvation Army, and the Methodist people, and so long as they could be quite certain that they had the sympathy and support of toe Sovereign and the highest officers of the land tney might go on fearlessly with their work and ignore other opinions. (Hear, hear, and applause.) No man need have any misgiving an commending Wesleyan Methodism to anybody, he did not care who it was, the highest, the lowest, the richest or the poorest, the most learned or the illiterate. (Hear, hear.) He waisted them to go tor ward with the determination that they would play their part in that locality. He did not want them to proselytize. (Applause.) Deere were a good many Church people, Presbyterians. Primitive Methodists, and Mttnodista of other denominations in the district, and no charged them before God, as they came into con- tact wet) these people, not to attempt to make Wesleyan Aletbodists of them. Tnere was no more wicked thing than to attempt to unsettle the religious belief of another man. Their esteemed superintendent the Rev A Wells, wrote a kindly letter to the Rev Canon Wood, pointing out that in the recent Free Church Mission a numoer of Cnurch people had received good, and had passed into the inquiry room, and concluding by recommending them to tue vicar, and asking him to kindly look after them and try to gee. them to their own church. (Loud :applause.) That was the spirit in which all religious work wanted to be carried on. While they were caretul not to proselytize others they ahould not allow people to proselytize them. He wanted them to ground themselves in the faith, doctrine, and polity of Methodism. If they would do that he had not the slightest fear of them being taken away by anybody. The same remark applied to the teaching of their children in their own schools. Tee present turn in educational matters would throw a far greater responsibility upon toe Sunday schools than they had had to bear in the past. Methodism raised toile were ut of the gutter, and made men of them, and so far as they suc- ceeded in doing that they were doing a magnificent work, and they were doing Ged's will in the most em- phatic manner they could possibly do it. (Loud ap- ' plause.) Mr R H Posnett said nothing had given greater plea- sure to the people in that church than to see Mr Frith in the chair. He rejoiced to see Mr and Mrs Arrow- smith with them again, and wished them every ems- perky under God's blessing in the new circumstances in which they found themselves. (Applause.) Toe Rev W Arrowsmith, who was also cordially re- ceived, said it was a great joy to come and preach at the Sunday services. Tney could not know how ereat a joy it was, It was a far greater joy to his wife and nimself to come to that meeting than it was for the friends to ask them. (Applause.) Tbeir life might be a happy life—it was a happy life—out there was a good deal of cruelty, in his opinioa, in Nonconformist ministers' lives. They felt the influence of friendship and love, and they liked to be with people whom they knew and loved. Eveey now and then Conference stepped in and ordered them about, and au re was no saying "no." They were ordered to move on, and really the Methodist ministers lives, and the lives of their wives and families would be unbearable, were it not for the extreme kindness of thought of the old friends asking them to come back occasionally. (Hear, hear and applause.) He never indulged much in going out of his circuit to preach ; but, if he possibly could he never refused to visit an old circuit. (Hear, hear ) He had many experiences since leaving the Runcorn cir- cuit. From Runcorn he went to St. Helens, across the river, not a very beautiful neighbourhood—(laughter)— but the Methodist people were grand people. (Hear, hear.) The•ecclesiastical atmosphere of the town and neighbourhood was dense, and to his mind not very in- spiring or invigorating. Sacerdotalism was decidedly in the foreground, and Nonconformity very much in the background. There were three good Nonconformist churches there—the Wesleyan, Presbyterian, and Con- gregational Churches—but they were in a helpless ml nority. His hearers could know but little of the indigl nities to which they had to subunit. In his c'rcuit, at that time, they had a very large Sunday School, contain- ing some 400 or 500 children, but, for those children there was no educational provision of a s-cular nature save in the Church of England and Roman Catholic Schools, and they had the humiliation of standing by and seeing their Methodist children driven in- to the Roman Catholic Schools. The Methodist parents noticed something about their children and asked what it was, and they replied "0 you must net touch that, that's a sacred thing given to me by the sister." He knew of several Methedist families—or at least one Methodist family—awakened during the night by tbeir children (making remarkable noises. When the parents went to the bedroom, the children were smiting their breasts and calling upon Mary. Fancy Methodist chil- dren submitting to such indignities (shame). Well, he happened to have a little advantage in that district, which he did not possess in Runcorn, he was superin- tendent, and had the right to express his opinions and emphasise them. (Hear, hear.) Be said in the name of the Methodist Church, such matters should last no longer, and although they had no day schools of their own they would have one. (Hear, hear.)An appeal Was issued to the people with the I •sult that they magnifi- cently responded, and he had the joy of seeing erected a magnificent day school, fully equipped, and their Methodist children preserved from all the dangers of sacerdotalism. (Loud applause.). From St. Helens he went to Huddersfield, and from thence to his present circuit, (Stockton), but he was not going to dwell upon those places. He was optimistic in all his thought and in all his experiences. Who could have stood at that desk the previous day (Sunday) or down in the schoolroom below without feeling that Runcorn Method- ism was renewing its youth by pulsating with life and vitality; also, that as certain as they were living men, the glory of Methoeia al in days to come, in connection with that sanctuary and allithe sancturarie's throughout the circuit—the glory of Methodism in the future was going to be greater than it had ever been In the past. (Loud applause). There never was a time in the country's history, in which was more needle i the simple, earnest teaching of Methodism, than in these days. It was by the expounding of the Gospel in its simplicity and purity that the resolutions which brought about so much good came to pass. Finally the rev speaker contended they. bad something more to do than teach people to accept Jesus Christ. They had to teach them that sin was hatefnl in the sight of God, and that re- pentance was necessary for the salvation of the soul. (Loud applause). The Rev A Wells first conk the opportunity of thank- ing his many kind friends for the hearty welcome they had extended him on his return after a complete week of rest. (Hear, hear.) Then he congratulated the wo kers on:the admirable consummation of their project. He was charmed at the manifestations visible of return- ing power in the Wesleyan circuit of Runcorn. One of the poets of old said something about : Lot The winter Is over and past and gone. The voice of the people Is heard In the land, And the time of the abasing of birds Is come. (Hear hear and Applause). Old grant it may he true with them—(hear, hear,)—and it would be true just in proportion as each one realised their individual responsi- bility and determined to apply the latent power that God had given them. It would be a diserace to Run- , corn Methodism, if it is ever again heard, that they could not get a weekly prayer meeting at Halton-road. (Hear, hear.) As placed at the head of the circuit he was jealous not merely for its financial well-being, and its numerical prosperity ; but more jealous still for the honour not of the section of the church they belonged to, though no one held more strictly by that than he did ; but he was jealous for the honour of Christ's Church on earth, and for the salvation of the number of souls around them. Mr. Wells then moved a vote of thanks to the Rev W Arrowsmith and Mrs Arrowsmith, the Chairman, the choir, and to all who had assisted in any way in the good work. R.v Ii Morrison seconded this comprehensive vote of thanks, which was carried unanimously. The Rev Arrowsmith, the chairman and Mr J Brown (on behalf of the choir) responded. The singing of the Doxology concluded a splendid meeting.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF W ARRINGTON. WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA. TRANSVAAL CAMPAVIN HELM FUND. LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. E s. d. Greenall. Whitley. and Co., Limited.... 5O 0 0 Bmployees of Wl:acorns* Ca„ Limited 32 16 0 Employes of 3 H Fleming and Co., Ltd l3 11 0 Monks Hall and Co., Limited lO 10 0 Staff and Employees Rylands Bros., Ltd 27th instalment lO 0 0 William Long. J.P. Miss Gertrude N Crosfield 5 0 0 Mr and Mrs F Gandv Empllyees of P Walker and Son. King- street and Dallam, 52nd instalment— 112 11 Employes of W Smith and Sors,s2nd Instal- ment Employees of Longford Wire (b., Ltd 39th Instalment Employes of Thomas B Pickton 1 6 6 Mrs 31 Bennett Councillor Shilleock 0 10 6 3 A McGregor 0 10 6 Employees Of Harry FairClOUgh Amount previously acknowledged 5,541 14 9

5,683 17 0

WANTED, WO/FERAL for one lady in Warrington, good T home. EIS to £l6; state age, etc.—JoNE9, Bank-street Chambers, Warrington.

Otatr

L'T (vri.iow over 40, without means, thoroughly domes ticsted and eauceted will correspond with honourable gentleman. Genuine. —Address Myra., " iixamtner" °ince Warrington.

5

RUNCORN ,BOARD OF GUARDIANS:

I The usual meeting of the aboyd board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, On Tuesday. There were present : Messrs J Moseley Williams (chairman), A R Norman, T Reynolds, A Taylor, with the Rural District Councillors ; Mr George F Ashton (clerk) Mr W E Hough (deputy clerk), and Jo•eph Connah (master).

_

===== 0002601_19010315_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIR SALE OF INTOXIC&NTS TO CHILDREN.

Tne Lancashire and Cnestiire Band of Hope and Tem. perauce Union took the liberty of calling toe attention of the B wird to the efforts now being made to get the Law or the country in respect to the sale of drink to chit. dren amended. At present children of any age may buy beer and spirits for consumption off the premises; children of 13 and upwards may buy and drink beer on the prem., ises,aud children of 16 and up wards may buy and drink either beer or spirits on the premises. Toe recent Royal Commission on Licensing in both the majority and minority reports, rec,mmended " That no child under 16 should be served with intoxicating liquors for con- sumption either on or off the premises." This proposal had been embodied in a Bill, backed up by representa- tive numbers of all parties, which Mr W S Crombie M. P., had introduced to the Hou,e of Commons during the present Parliamentary Session. The second reading was down for Wednesday, March 20th, 1901. Therefore, on behalf of the 1500 Societies in all parts of Lancashire and Chtsbire, with over 250,000 members whom they had the honour to represent, tuey respectfully appealed to the Board to memorialise the House of Commons and Uovernm nt in favour of the proposal. A copy of the dill was enclosed.

The letter WAS ordered to lie on the table. PURE BEER.

In a circular letter Sir Cuthbert Quitter, writing on be- half of the promoters of the Pure Beer Bill, said that with refereece to the resolution passed by the Board urging him to persevere with the but, he was glad to be in a position to inform them that the motion for the second reading of "A Bill to amend the law relating to the manufacture and sale of beer" had the first place on the Orders of the House of Commons for Wednesday 27th March. He hoped the letter would go before the Board at their next meeting with an expression of his hope that they would both officially and individually do all in their power to ensure the presence and support of their local members of Parliament on that occasion. It was, he said, important that members of the House of Commons should be unmistakably assured as to the wishes of the majority or their constituents in the matter, as they would no doubt, have considerable pressure put upon them to vote against the Bill by those who were pecuniarily interested in the manufacture and use of glucose and other substitutes. The Board deci led to repeat the procedure taken when the Bill was first brought to their notice, and re- quested the Clerk to write to the local members of Parliament requesting them to support the Bill.

, THE TELEPHONE COMMUNICATION. Mr. C. E. Locker, junior, forwarded the failowing letter to the Clerk :.—" Dear Sir,—l interviewed, on Monday last. Mr. Cowley, one of the chiefs of the National Telephone Company, with respect to our pro. posed line in the Aston district. He considered my pro. posals in every form. but seems to think that the Work. house is too far away from the cen:re to come on at the ordinary rate, and be suggested that providing the scheme is passed by the Directors che Workhouse become subscribers at the rate of £l5 per annum, this connec- tion will be equivalent to the ordinary subscription of £lO, which would mean free communication within the districts of Frodsham, Runcorn and Widnes. I have done my utmost to get the scheme through as I first hag. gested, but the Telephone Company's estimates are far too high to justify them putting a line on those terms.* Some discussion followed, in which it was pointed out by Mr Woodward, that the Board had pledged them- selves to connect .:,he bowie with the doctor's residence at Frodsham, and the clerk's ofEce at a cost of £27. The cost, if the £l5 offer was accepted, would be about £23 in all; and he seconded the proposal by Mr Linaker to accept the terms of £l5. This was agreed to. THE ESTIMATES.

Mr 9 Woodward submitted trio estimate of expendia ! tare for the half year ending Michaelmas 1901. It I showed that the total capital for the current half-year I ending Lady Day 1901 amounted to £7,231 and the nett ! probable expenditure was estimat-d at £5,792 which showed a balance at Lady Day of £1,439. The probable ! expenditure during the ensuing half year ending Michaelmas 1901 as set in the detailed estimate was as under —Common charges, £4,345 ; County rate, £3,253 ; balance and contingency fund, £1,006 ; total, £8,604. Tne total amonnt required as above for ensuing half-year ending Michaelmas 1901 was £8,604 and after deducting the probable balance in favour of the Parishes at Lady Day 1901, the amount required by contribution orders from the Overseers was £7,165. The assessable value of the Union as per valuation lists in force was £208,787. A. rate of 81 in the £ on the assessable value and the Union would produce the sum of £6,960 and .t was recommeuded that a call for the sum of £7,165 be made upon the overseers in accordance with detailed estimate after deducting the estimated balances in favour of each Parish at Ledy Day 1901 being in the £ mote than the call for last half year. With reference to the increase of in the £ over the lest half year's call, the fact was that the Clerk found he would be able to reduce the District Council rate id in the £ so that the combined rate of the Board and Council v. mild be the same in sm )unt as previously. (Hear, hear). The raising of the Beard's rate id in the £ would also enable the clerk to raise the balances, a very desirable thing as would be readily admitted by those members who took an interest in the finances of the Board. Compared with th corresponding period of last year the rate was Id in the £ more. The increase bad been due to the increased expenditurs in connection with the Rouse, in the matter of the laundry, and new boiler ; also, by some means, they were likely to DO brought face to face with an increased expenditure, and of Finch a nature they would be helpluis to cope with. Mr. Linaker agreed with Mr Woodward, and trusted the Financial Committee would keep a strict eye upon the expenses with a viaw to keeping them down. Is was useless to "heckle" the chairman of Finance with- out a printed copy of the estimates. (Laughter.) Mr. Woodward assured Mr Linaker that the Finance Committee were in such a position, that their eyes were very wide open. . The Clerk pointed out that &though the Poor Rate would be raised a penny. the District Council rate evutild be reduced a Id on the corresponding period, and thus the balance of rate would be maintained. Mr. Woodward : A member of the Finance Come rnittee suggests that the steam roller is responsible fir that. (Laughter). The Chairman: I wish ycu could send it to Frodae ham : the people there hardly believe we have one. (Increased laughter.) Mr Wright seconded the adoption of the estimatre, which was agreed to. RE-APPOINTMENT AND SALARIES OF OFFICERS, Mr J Mclntyre submitted the report of the Assessment ! Committee, which recommended that the Clerk be paid £lOO as remuneration for his services to the Committee for the past tweive-month. Mr 3 Woodward seconded, and it was carried unanimcualv.

Me J B Chadwick then bubmitted the report of the School Attendance Committee, Rtlioh recommended the re-appointment of the folbwing school attendance officer et the salary stipulated :—Messrs George Jones. £35 ; R Wilkinson, £35 ; and W B Brimelow E Clarke seconding, it was agreed to. TEM DIRTAAY QUESTION.—ANT INCOME OF £2OO EXPECTED.

A report of the Poor —I;;STAS-sOciation Conference WWI submitted by the Clerk, and Mr A R Norman dealt with the question of the adoption of the Local Government Board's new Dietary order. The feeling at the meeting in connection with the conference, said Mr Norman,wsa conflicting. For the first qioarrer of an hour volley after volley was fired at the Local Government Board, then the meeting became calmer and several delegates repre- sented that in their respective unions a scheme in accordance with the order had been akio,ted without any additional cost. The House Committee recommended in face of these facts, and in face of the statement made to them by the master that the change was likely to cost them £2OO more, that the Clerk write for in- formation :from the Union, whose representatives I asserted at the Conference they cou'd comply with the requirements without additional cost,as to their dietary: and that for this reason copies of verbatim reports of the meeting be obtained. It was further proposed that the House Committee should meet at 10 45 on the next Board day, to consider the question. Atrer some discussion this course was adopted. In the meantime it is understood that the inmates are upon a dietary drawn up by the Master, and approved of in full detail by the House Doctor.

FOR THB MINUTP.S.

The Master reported gilts nf literaturP from Mr Allarkl‘ Stockton Heath ; of toys from Lotcly Brooke. Nortnri Priory; mid literature from Mrs Billington, Dutton. Th. aouse Committee tendered their thanks to the donnrs.

LADIE3' BUT GLACIT BOWS AND MORS UNDER T ECLOOX, BUlllait-d flat —Ad% t. MIMS FRNDFCR Suites Rill Coal Vases in large varietv.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55. Bridgeatreet —Advt.

Don't zoreet Rats PscronaL ELIXIR will cure your cough and old lc and 2s. 81. bottles at MILLER'', The Chemist, in Bridge Street. Warrington.— Advt.

ASK or CUNNINGHAM HIGH-CLASS MINHSAL WATICHS—Ad

YlitiLlO BNRIT UNDRR Tait CLOOK FOR Mr BOOTS Tv LANCASHMS.—Adet AUEfor CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH•CLASS MINERAL ' I ATNlii.—Advt. hum, ruK ALL, UN lkiß TAP: CLOCK.— ot KITCHEN RANGES. Tile Grates, Marble an WOod Chimney pieoas. J. b. 04.Hi..A.N5.57. to `,s.Beidge,t—A,ci

UNDER TUE CLOCK FOB GOOD BOOTS. -Mvt LAMP,. Oil Stoves. Coke Stove's. -J S OARLD, 51 to. 55, Br.dg, street, Mar lugion.—Advt. DBLICIOUS MAZ W ATTER TEA nieLiolout; MAZAWATTR6 TitA. DBLICIOUS MAZA VAT 'MM TEA SOLVIGENTS: HENRY MILIAN& tND CO., LTD. wiIcLESALK AND RETAI r, CRS ETC., nossEausErr-srazn, ws,th:narxr. •

4t

•

•

:

.

I,

===== 0002601_19010315_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 20TH CENTURY.

Do you know that it has often been said that great events happen at the end and at the beginning of a Century ? No doubt we shall have the usual prophets , forecasting the probabilities of all sorts of startling occurrences to mark the commencement of the 20:h Century, but there is no one bold enough to predict that there will be less of pain and suffering, less of human misery and disease in the World. The lot of human kind is to suffer, and the greatest benefactor is he sotto does something to mitigate pain and affliction. "Never prophesy till you know "is a wise saying, and we adept this maxim when we say that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is destined to occupy a greatly extended sphere of usefulness in the new Century. It has been proved by thousands of sufferers to be the one safe and certain remedy for all Nervous Disorders, Low Spirits, Depres MOP. Liver Complaints, Indigestion, and Genera Weakness.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
FEDERATION,

The welding of ' different communities for the common good is a grand idea, that is now seen in progress at the antipodes. This is the kind of development in civilisation that makes Great Britain, hand-in-band with Greater Britain, shine out as • jewel among the Nations of the World. Juit as we witness in the wprld of Science, amid the humanising agencies for the amelioration of sickness and suffering. Note the comprehensive federation of Nature's helps and aids in Gwilytn Evans' Quinine Bitters. Bete we have Sarsaparilla, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, Dandelion, Saffron, and Quinine all brought together, and each for those particular proper ieri wanted to make perfect the requirements for remedying human suffering arising from Liver Disorders, Stomach Troubles, Indigestion, Weak Nerves. Poor Blood, and Bodily Weakness from all CSIPWEI. Gwilom Evans' Quinine Bitters is wanted by you—Fathers, Mothers, and Child- ren ; for there is no condition of life where a tonic is not required at some time, and this is Nature's own tonic, which meets all the demands of the human system. After attacks of Fever and Influenza, it re- coups the constitution with vital energy. See that the name " Gwilym Evans" is on the label, stamp, and bottle, then you are sure there is no mistakt. At all Chemists and Stores, in bottles 23 9d and 43 6d. A case of thrle 43 63 bottles for I2i 61, or will be sent carriage free by the Sole Proprietors—The Quinine Bitters Manu- facturing Company, limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

A WRETCHED WARR/N(ITM./ HOME.-" NOT F/T FOR A FIG TO Live IN."

At the Warrington Police Court on Saturday, Mary Ellen Harrison and George Harrison, who reside in Aikin-street, were charged with neglecting their four children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to healtb.—Ntr. A. Browne prosecu- ted on behalf the N.S.P.C.C., and briefly stated the facts of the case.—Mr Bomber, school attendance officer, gave evidence, and stated that he went with Inspector Hackett to the house. Ti ere was no food to be seen. Witness provided clogs for the children on the suggestion of Mr. Hackett, to enable them to Ro to school.—The rooms were in a filthy conditien.—Police-Sergeant Smith said he visited the house on the 15th January, and found it in a filthy state, The smell in the bedroom was unbearable." Hand other visitors had to 10-070 the I room and go downstairs for the female defendant to open the windows.—lnspector Hackett said on his first ' visit to the house he had little fault to find with the chil- dren but the house was Wry dirty. The condition of the woman was also very objectionable. On a second visit to the house the woman smelled strongly of liquor. The body of the baby was in a shocking condition, the other children poorly clothed, and in a filthy state.— Tie found the house on his second visit in a worse condi- tion than before. The male defendant told him he gave all his money to his wife. He was not so much to blame as the wife. He was really afraid of her.—At this stage the charge against the male defendant was withdrawn. —Dr Bowden said he examined the house on Tuesday last and found the children well nourished. Caroline had sores on her head, her hair had been cut short, and some attempt bad been made to improve matters. The clothing of the children was scanty and dirty. The house W&A net fit for human habitation. The kitchen was in an especially filthy condition. The enrroundings were such as to endanger the health of the children.— The Cliairrnan.—A decent pig would not live in such surroundings as those which have been described.— D fendant was committed to goal for three months.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

Ilotrnalr.—Before Mr F Monks On the chair), Alderman Heaton, Cornelllor Smethurst, and Messrs Hayward, _ _ .

Wright sod Thornton " LADY' CoLIN CAMPBELL" IN THE DOCK. CAtherin e Sowerby, of no settled abode. was charged with having been drunk In Winwiak-street on Saturday nivht.—Sergeant Ch-ney said be saw the woman helplessly drunk, and she had to be removed to the Bridewell in a handcart.-7 be Chief Constable said that half the town was running after her and it was a disgraceful exhibition. The woman was a cosmopolitan roadster, alias a tramp At the Police Station she persisted in calling herself Lady Conn Campbell."— The Bench fined prisoner 50 and coats. .• THE GOOD SENSE OF THE MORSE "—Sydney Lightfoot.. a carter, of Bandon, was charged with having been drunk in charge of a horse and cart In Bridge-street on Saturday night.—P.O. Lewis proved the oase, and said the man trusted to the good sense of the horse to take him home.— Lightfoot was fined ss. MAINTENANCE ORDERS —Joseph Green. APer-lane, was summoned for arrears on a maintenan^e order amounting to £3 65., his son being on the training chip Clio The case was adjourned for five weeks to enable him to pay —Martin Lane, 37, Pig Hill, was summoned In respect of arrears amounting to £3 9s for his son's keep at the Birkdale Refor- matory School. An order was made for immediate payment. the alternative being a month in gaol —The sune dec'sion was arrived at in the case of Joseph Mather. 345. Winwiek-road, who was summoned for arrears amounting to £3 13s. and the case of Richard McCue, 8, Priory-street, who owed £7 14s, was adjourned. CARMEN'S QUARRELS.—GsOrge Bromley, 35, Golborne- street, and Thomas fiarven 1. Talbot-vard, both cab drivers, were charged with committing a breach of the peace on the Ist Ma-oh—They were bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the coats.

A FARMIR4 Summon—George Caldwell, !Armes, Moss Side Farm. Wooleton. pleaded guilty to heying no light on his cart at 10.30 on the 6th March and was fined Is.

TiTEIDAT7Before Mr Birchall (In t,e _chair).

Aldermen

Hutchineon and ehaw Green. and Dr. Fox.

ANTMARs OF BiIINTENANCFI.—Edward Hart was summoned for arrears of maintenance amounting to £6 Is Eld due to his wife under a sepavation order grant. d on the 16th October, 1900. Mrs Hart said she had not had any money for a long time from her husband. The case was adjourned for a month to enable the man to pay the mosey.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs, A._Thnmas (preliding). W

Ockleston. and W. Handley. SCHIOL CASES.—The following were fined 64 and 45 6d costs for neglecting the education of their chll,iren ;—Ldlre Speed, Shaw street ; William Twigge (2 cases), Halton-road; Walter Rose. Mill-brow : George Coleclough, Norton street ; Richard Done, Cartwright street ; Albert Ravenscroft, St. John-street: James Clarke, Okell-street : James Wylde, Brick Kiln Houses ; William Martin, Gilbert-street: William Bine, Mill Brow. and Joseph Santiev. Granville-street During the besting of the cases Mr W Ockleston questioned Mr Lir/Minim (the clerk to the School Board, as to wh, the Boa, d bad not got their new bye-laws adopted ?—Mr. Light. burn replied they were under consideration.

RATES'. —Ninet'v-seven eases of non-payment of rates were dealt with, including 6 district. 12 water. and 80 poor rate summonses: Seven day orders were made in most eases Mr W Sutton appeared for the overseers, and Mr Joetah Scull for the District Counnil.

OFFENCES AGAINST THE PEACE.—Thomas and Martha Ann Dillon, husband and wife, who had a quarrel in the early hours of Monday morning. near their residence in Alcock- street. on which occasion they used obscene language in support of their arguments, were each fined 10. including costs. • Margaret Carney, fish monger. Regent-street. for using a cart without having her name thereon, was ordered to pay 4s 6,1 costa—Thomas Baker, Greenway-road, labourer, was fined 5s including costs, for being the driver of a lorry upon which be rode without haying control of the horse.— John Davies, a stranger, for being helplessly drunk in Bridge-street. was ordered to pay 5s or go to prison for? days. A TERRIBL, LIST or CoNVICrroNS —John Burke. an Irish- man, and a labour'er, was charged on warrant with using obscene language in High-street, on the 20th February and Iso with disobedience of summons.—Mr. Johnson : Whs. 'id yon not appear in answrr to the summons ?- Burke : "I was looking for work to pay the foine sur."—(Laughter).— Superintendent Peuson said prisoner had a ''terrible record," having been convicted 44 times for drunkenness,—The Chair- man : You will be locked-up under the Inehri des Act; it Is the only thing that will cure you ? For this offence you will be fined 40e, with imprisonment in default of one month.— Burke stated he could not pay.—Me Handley : Then you will ke teetotal for a month. (Laughter.) SfoIVEL TO • FIGHT wITH • FooTHALLER.—Peter Brown. labourer. of Norton-street, pleaded guilty to fighting in that street OR the 2nd March, —P C. Edwards stated defendant azgrayated another man named Fletcher Gayter in the foot- ball field, on that date, and followed him to the Egerton Arms where both men fought. Witness did not think Gayter yes to blame and only proceeded against Brown as the aggressor, —Bound over In 40s to keep the peace for six months and ordered to pay 9s 6d. costs. THEIST OBSTRUCTORS DESERVEDLY PIINTREPD.—AIfred Joyce and Samuel Joyce, young men of Runcorn, were summoned for obstructing the footway in Bridge-street, by loitering thereon, on the sth inet.—r.c. Edwards and Act- ing-Sergeant Gregory proved the cases,f mm what it appeared defendants were leaning against the wall and protruding their feet into the caaseway so that passenvers were caused the inconvenience of getting off. Both officers testified to the numerous complaints received of such obstruction on the Delph Bvidge.—Each defendant was fined 10s.

CADBUIrr's Co (')..1 is absolotely pare, being entirely fre from kola, malt, hone, alkali, or any foreign admixture Ovation The puhlie should insist on having CADITITRY.4 Only in Packets and Tins—al other Cocoas are often enbetftuted for the cake of extra profilt.—Adyt. (1)

===== 0002601_19010315_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

MOST of us live in a continual state of expecta- tion of somebody doing something. NONE of us want to hurt anybody else's feel- ings ; but it sometimes seems necessary to our own peace of mind. JowEs "Why don't you join our shooting party?" Smith: "Well, rm a poor shot, and I'm afraid you will make game of me." COMPLIMEcT. a maiden's mouth, a woman's eyes, a young Mall's beard, and an old man's figure, and a reputation for good taste and discrimination is yours. UP TO EXPkICTATIONS. —He : "You look sweet enough to kiss in that dress." She : "My dress- maker told me that she didn't think I should be disappointed in it." A CCIDENTAL. —" Have you seen Charley Lamb since his accident?" "No; is he badly hurt? What accident?" "Re made a couple of thousand pounds on the Stock Exchange." OURSELVES AND OTH —" It's remarkable," said the political star, "now differently people are afftcted by the same thing." "How do you mean?" "Well, I was thinking of my speech. It kept me awake four nights, and put everybody who heard it to sleep." WIFE : "The newspaper says that Mr. Hamiet Smithers reoeived an ovation. What does that mean?" Husband : "This word 'ovation,' my dear, is derived from the Latin ova,' whicn means an egg. Ovation means a shower of eggs." A Com Pio iMISING EXCUSE. —lnnocent Littm Wifie " You needn't hurry to get up, darling. I've just wired to the office to say that you feel so unwell after working so late at the books last night that you can't attend business to-day." MORE SOL EMN. —" It is a soloinu tiling," said the young man," when a woman trusts A man with her affection." "It ain't as solemn," .aiii the man with the yellow necktie, "as when she won't trust him with his own wages." Mrs. Wrvnts " What most surprised you when you arrived in Paris ?" Mrs. Jainiter "Why the fact that little children of three or four years could talk French. It was perfectly amaz- ing." "TIMOTHY wouldn't marry that rich widow when he found out she was deaf." "What difference would that make?" "All the neigh. bours would hear him when he asked her tor money." WIFE: "Mrs. Brown is very much attached to that pug dog, and it's as ugly as sin." Husband: "My dear, if sin were as ugly as Mrs. Brown's pug dog the straight and narrow path would b. orowded."

I'ILICTIC AL FATHER : "If he says he loves you. I supposes he does; but can he support you ? " Daughter: "Why, papa? You must know that it wasn't his fault that the chair broke."

DEALER : "I am sure, madam, you could look the city through and not find a handsomer car- riace than this." Mrs. D'Avnoo : "Oh It's handsome enough, but it looks too comfortable to be stylish."

His WIFE : " Why don't you go to the doctor and find out just what you ought to eat and what you ought to avoid?" Dyspeptic: "Oh, I know all that now. I ought to eat everything 4 don't like and avcid everything I do." CHILD: " Mamma, what is a common person ? " Mother: "Why, child, a common person is, is— well, it's a person we do not associate with. Why do you ask?" Cnild : "'Cause Mrs. Nextdoor said you was a common person." TOMMY, aged eight, had been sent to a near-by store to purchase a pair of shoe-strings for his mother. "How long do you want them?" asked the clerk. "I don't want o borrow 'em," re- plied Tommy ; " I want to buy 'em for keeps." " DERE'S al ways bound to be kickers," exclaimed Meandering Mike. "Did you ever know a time when de people agreed unanimously dat dey had de right man in de right place?" " On'y once," replied Plodding Pete: "I was bein' put into gaol on de occasion.'

A COUNTRY GENTLEMAN, wishing to say some- thing polite to Dr. B—, the last translator of Juvenal, addressed him in the following words : "What particularly convinces me of the faithful- ness of your translation is, that in places where I do not understand Juvenal, I likewise do not un- derstand p0t..." Lir= JAMES had been imparting to the minister the important and cheerful information that his father had got a new set of false teeth. "Indeed, James?" replied the minister, indulgently. "And what will he do with the old set?" "Oh, I s'pose," replied little James, "they'll cut 'em down, and make me wear 'em." "Ours cat has just had chickens," remarked Toadhole. "Nonsense, Mr. T—," snorted his spouse. "You must be inebriated. I suppose you mean our cat has had kittens." "No, I don't," meekly murmured the poor fellow. "1 brought home a couple of chickens for to-morrow's dinner, but Sarah tells me the cat has eaten them."

VANDERBILT, the millionaire railway mangate, wrote very illegibly. Once he dismissed an officer for dishonesty, but the only legible part of the document being the signature, the man used 10 for years as a free pass on the railroads. OLD MONEYBAGS: "Mr. De Stoole, you must be more punctual. I notice that you are late getting to the office nearly every morniug." Mr. De Stoole : " Yes ; but, Mr. Moneybags, did you euer notice how punctual I am in going away from the office every night?"

: "For my part I can't see why you women should want to ape men." She: "Oh, anything for a change, we've been making a monkey of him long enough." DIDN'T I tell you never to darken my door again ?" cried the irate parent to Tompkins. 46 Yes, Mr. Hicks, you did; that's why [ye come at night, sir." Your door is so dark then that my coming couldn't possibly make it darker."

Miss BELLE: "Mary, remember I am at home to none except Mr. Vere Brownkins this after- noon." Mary (half an hour later): "I've told four gentlemen callers that you are at home to none except Mr. Vere Brownaine, miss, and they all went away very angry indeed, miss." BENEATH CONTICMPT.—Mr. De Broker: "I am (1 defaulter, and I want you to defend me." Great Lawyer: Certainly, Mr. De Broker. I'll get you ofl all right. Have no fear. How many millions is it?" Mr. De Broker (with dignity) : "Sir, I am short only a few thousands, and I hope to pay that soine day." Great Lawyer (to office boy): "James, show this vile scoundrel the door." DOUBLY BROTHERS.—Robert Browning was once introduced to the Chinese Ambassador, the intro- ducer, who acted as interpreter, observing that they were both poets. In the conversation Brown. ing asked how much poetry his excellency had written. "Four volumes," was the answer. "And what style of poetry does your excellency cultivate?" "Chiefly the enigmatical," replied the other. "We felt doubly brothers after that," was Bkrowning's subsequent comment. Savisn By ::::TlL.—" Go!" she exclaimed, and never speak to me again!" He passed out into the unsympathetic night, but paused when he reached the sidewalk, and drew something from one of his inside pockets. As he did so the beauti- ful girl who was watching him from the vestbule uttered a shrill scream and ran towards him. "Albert," she cried, "what would you do ? Pray do not kill yourself ! Throw your revolver away, and let us forget our quarrel." "It isn't a revolver," lie replied, as be caught her in his arms. "It'd a spanner I borrowed from you that day my wheel broke down. I have been wearing it next to my heart ever since." They then returned to the parlour and took up the thread of love's yonng dream where it had been broken.

"My dear," whispered the young man, "as we are so soon to be married, we should take a practical view of life and profit by the mistakes of others. For instance, there is the subject of a regular allowance every week for spending money, you know." "Oh, I've thought of that," she replied, sweetly. " Have you!" "Yes, indeed. Hundreds and hundreds of times; and lately I haven't thought of much else." "You know the amount of my income, and that I want it to go as far as pcootible towards our happiness?" "Of course. Well, I've talked it over with mamma, ane she thinks an allowance of one dollar a week will he plenty." "Indeed !" " Oh, yes. You can walk to the office and carry your luncheon, you know, and so you can use the whole dollar for cigars and neckties and things."

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS. , testify that Holdroyd' are s Gravel Pills positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy Find, Water Complaints. Diseases of the Kidneys. bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Clout, Sciatica and Rheumatism. Try one box; if not satisfied, money returned. Is lid all Chemists. Post free 2 stamps.—HOLDROYDR MRDIOAL HALL, OLR OKHRATON YORKS.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRMAN, MARCH 15, 1901.

several players. Result :—Widnes 1 goal 2 tries (8 points), to HunOet Holbeck v. Bradford.

A keenly-contested game in the second half of this competition took place between these fifteens, at Rot beck, before 15,000 spectators, the visitors finally prov- ing victors by two tries (Pollard and Heseltine) to one try (Duke). . . .

===== 0002601_19010315_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY 1-00TBALL.

eiRICKBTBES I Buss Ev's Demon Driver Bats are the 4...) grandest made. Bouvet; New Match Balls retain their shape, and last longer than any other.. HUSSEY'S Leg Guards are exceptionally good. HUSSEY'S Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. BUesEir 8 Bags are made to wear. HUSSEY'S Diary and Companion is a Gem for 6d. Apply for BUSKEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters; 36 and 38, Queen Victoria Street. London. Factories; Peckham, Lon- don; and ilimswell, Suffolk. (No 4)

===== 0002601_19010315_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP COMPETITION: *-

Second Round. Warrington v. Hechmondwike.

Warrington safely negotiated round two on Saturday at the expense of the Yorkshire Second Division leader-, Heckmondwike. The latter club brought a strong team and had some hopes of success, but the fifteen which Warrington put into the field was altogether too smart for them. Fine weather favoured the fixture and this in conjunction with Warrington's excellent performance the previous week, caused the crowd to roll up in large numbers. There were about 8,000 spectators round the enclosure and the gate receipts totalled £ll5. Mr Itsnton, Hunslet, was the referee, and the teams lined out as follows : Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, threequarters ; Bate and Duck- worth, 11%If backs ; Mara:lan, Eden, blereweather, Scholtze, Edmondson, Fe'l, Swift and Cunningham, for- wards.

Heckmondwike : Stead, back; Bland, Sharpe, Dawson and Arnold, three-quarter backs ; Stirk and Lloyd, half-backs ; Gath, Phillips, Sykes, Gough, Foukill, Settle, Pickering,and Garnett, forwards. Warrington won the toss and commenced operations with the wind and sun in their favour. The visitors started and found a footing in the home half, whence they were 110011 dislodged by Fish who punted atrongly to Sharpe, the latter being grassed by Boardman. War- rington at once attacked, Fish finding his course blocked after gcod passing by Warrington. Bate and Duck- worth were very smart, and giving to Dickenson the latter ran strongly before parting to Harris, who was stopped at the corner flag. The movement was repeated the wing man again failing by inches to penetrate the visitors' defence. Duckworth marked in front of goal, and Fish safely sent the ball through the sticks, but the point was negatived through the home forwards getting off-side. Strong pressure on the rail- way goal was maintained, a long punt from Hallam being t. uched down by Stead in the nick of time. Bate had his kick charged down and the visitors' front rank rushed the game into the home half, Isherwood saving finely. The Yorkshiremen staved long enough to register a dead ball, and then Warrington beat them beck. Fine passing by Duckworth, Isherwood, and Dickenson completely :beat the defence, and the last- named scored after a strong run. The position was too far out for Fish, who made a good attempt at goal. Heckrnondwike retaliated with neat passing, Bland punting into the home half. Duckworth and Isherwood smartly exchanged on the left, and the latter parting to Fish at centre saw the wing man race through the visitors' ranks and score behind the posts, afterwards adding a goal. Another minute and the ball passing through the bands of Bate, Duckworth, Dickenson, and Isherwood enabled Fish to force his way over again, at the corner. No goal resulted. Warrington were easily superior to the interval. Half time :—Warrington, 1 goal, 3 tries (11 points) ; Efeckmondwike, Swift recommenced, and alter a few minutes even play one of the visiting forwards retired with a damaged shoulder. Warrington seemed inclined to take matters a bit easy, and Dawson nearly dropped a goal for Heck- mood wike. The same player kicked across the field for Bland, and Dickenson saved on the home line when a score seemed probable. Fish led the way to the other end and made a wonderful effort to dodge his way through the whole Eleckmondwike team. Sharp, did good work for the latter and forced Hallam to defend. Warrington passed again, Harris made another strong effort which just failed tit the corner. Quickly the oval was whisked across to Fish's wing, and the speedy youth crossed at the corner, cantering unopposed behind the posts, and kicking another goal. The visitors had more of the play for a time, bit the Warrington forwards dribbled back again very effectively, Fell making for the line and being tackled by Stead. Sharpe got the ball and threw to Arnold, but Harris stepped in and taking the ball at his toes went over the line at the corner with a smart try. Fish failed at val. Heckmondwike made another burst to the Warrington end, and were at last rewarded, Settle kicking a good goal from a penalty. Final : War- rington, 2 goals, 5 tries (19 points) ; Heckmondwike, 1 goal (2 points).

Runcorn v. Leigh.

Runcorn came as triumphantly through round two as they had through round one. Their second victims were Leigh, who visited Runcorn on Saturday buoyed with hopes of victory and encouraged by the shouts of nearly a thousand supporters, who had made the journey in two special trains. The weather was delightfully bright and pleasant, but the ground had not recovered the re- cent persistent rainfall and was very heavy. Leigh were short of their crack forward,McMasters and Runcorn bad to find substitutes for 13ayrer and Reece. Prompt to time the teams lined up as follows : Runcorn : Houghton, back; Jones, Butterworth, Richardson, and Warder, three-quarter backs; Faulkner and Jolley, ball-backs; Farmer, Walker, Lighdoot, J Langley, Tomlinson, Woods. Hughes and S Langley. Leigh :—Towers, back; Hight, E Pearson, Johnson and Davies, three-quarter backs; W Pearson and Dun- bavin. ball-backs ; Boardman, Clare, W Roberts, J Roberts, Eccleston, Webster, Kirk and Ramsdale. The visitors lost the toss and kicked off with a brilli- ant sun shining in their faces, and Faulkner made a good reply. Runcorn at once got into their stride and treated the 4,000 spectators to some smart back play. the ball being passed with accuracrand despatch. At the CClleiUSiOn of one bout of excharges J Faulkner made a desperate attempt to cross the line, but be was held up a few inches outside. From the ensuing scrum- mage the ball was quickly transferred to D Jones, who grounded over the coveted mark, but the ball was called back. Next moment consolation came Brilliant pass- ing amongst the backs, landed the ball to Faulkner who 'Msde no mistake and scored a very clever try. Jolley failed to add the goal p,iats. Dropping out Leigh made a rush, which was well stemmed, and Runcorn attacked strongly, and ultimately the Leieh defence was pierced by Faulkner after another smart display of passing. Jolley added the goal. Runcorn maintained the attack, and Jolley bad hard lines for a penalty goal, the ball striking one of the uprights. Leigh made a brief incur- sion into the home quarters but Runcorn were quickly again making determined efforts to score, but the sore tackling of the visitors left no opening. Faulkner and Jones each crossed the line, but the claim for a try was disallowed in each instance. At length however she Leigh men were totally non-plussed by some short quick passing, and Walker scored a very meritorious try. Jolley missed the goal. At half-time Runcorn led by eleven points to nil. After turning round Leigh played up with surprising vigour and for a considerable time operations were confined to Runcorn half. Repeatedly the Leigh forwards gained possession in the scrummages but the Leigh plan of kick and rush did not come off with the veterans facing them playing in cool and con- fident style. Clare. Boardman and Right executed a smart dribble along touch, and Jolley failing to stay their course, Faulkner saved not a moment too soon. Dunbavin dro-ped for goal several time and at length his persistency was rewarded by a beautiful goal, and Towers put his side two points on by a penalty goal. New however, the Runcorn men wore their opponents down and scene exciting play ensued in Leigh quarters, but a chance or two were allowed to slip. Hard pressed Leigh sent into touch near the quarter flag, and from the drop in, Woods scored near the pests and Jolley kicked a goal. Runcorn held tbe advantage until the end when they had won by the ample margin of two goals, four tries 16 points,to Leigh two goals four points. Widnes v. Hunsiet.

These teams, both at their full strength, met at Widnes on Saturday, in ideal football weather, before 3,000 spectators. A ppecial train from Leeds brought a goodly contingent of flunsiet's supporters. The visitors won the toss, and Aspey started for Widnes against a slight brrev, and the sun. Hammon and Aspey took the .orc cleared, ball at their fert to Finnsiet's line, but Smith averted dis- aster. and a rapid chance of front saw Widnes conce us e- ing minor after minor to stave off the vigoro attack of their eppenents t len eth, however. Widnes sod the visitors' defence collapsed before a brilliant paps- A ing and running movement by Lally. Hughes, Risp.,, cornerand P and cnockß,a twey placing h ie a m a resulted i ntihfiec el latter ter scoring at ar hide, goal. Hunslet, areused to fresh effort by this reverse, made a desperate assault on the home line, but they were kept out, and Albert Goldthorpe failing in a penalty trick at goal, the bali went dead. Another smart display was made by the home backs, hut W Goldthorpe brought Lomax down on the line. The visitors, however, were not so fortunate a moment later, when Douglas scored after a brilliant concerted movement, in which Lally, Peacock, Lomax and Leyshon took part. Haley failed•to augment. Huns - let pressed to the interval, but their scoring tactic* were &twelve. and the teams creased over with Widnes lead- ing by 8 points to none. Play in the second half was not of a high character, being mainly confined to heavy scrimmaging and exchange kicking. Mitchell robbed three of the home men in a very clever fashion early on when they appeared to have the Hunslet line at their mercy, and towards the Close excitement ran high. Both lines were jerpardised, Peacock. Lomex, and Hughes almost crossing the Hunslet line on two occasions, while the visitors made several desperate at- tempts in which they were within an ace of scoring from scrimmsges; W Goldthorpe was tackled with. in a yard from the line when he seemed certain to score. There was a grind deal of unnecessary roughness infused into the game in the second half, and the referee (Mr A Brook, of Brighouse Bangers) tock the names of

===== 0002601_19010315_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Wakefield v. Aspatria.

At Wakefield. Metcalf placed two penalty goals, and Greening, Bennett, and Goodyear registered triea, for Wakefield ; whilst Graham kicked a penalty goal for Aspatria. finally, Wak ,field won by three goals and five tries to a goal.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Batley v. Huddersfield.

At the close of the first half of this match, at Batley, the visitors led by a goal to nil ; but subsequently the home fifteen gained suptemacy, and won by three goals to one goal. _ _

Llversedge v. Leeds Parish Church. It was not until the second " thirty-five " minutes of this contest, at Liversedge, that Leeds Parish obtained a goal and a try, and in the end won by these points to nil.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Dewsbury v. Morecambe.

On the termination of this tie at Dewsbury the home team held the premier position by a goal and two tries to nil. The points were registered by Woodson, Carter, And Lockwood.

Bramley v. Oldham.

This fixture, at Bramley, ended in favour of the visitors tv ten points to seven. Other Ties.

The remainder of the ties ended as follows : Brighouse overpowered Sowerby Bridge (six points to three) • Keighley drew with York (five points each) ; Hull Kingston Rovers vanquished Maryport (eleven points to nil ; Castleford teat Workiorrton (three points to two) ; and Ossett drew with Birkenhead Wanderers (five points each). _ .

===== 0002601_19010315_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Helens v. Stockport.

At St. Helens. Play was keen in the flrst half, but at the interval there was a clean sheet. In the second half St Helens were kept principally on the defensive, and Hodgson was held on the line. When the final came there was no score. Result:—St. Helens nil to Stockport nil.

Wednesday's Matches. Northern Union Challenge Cup—Second Round.—Replayed Ties.

York 3-2...12 Keighley Birkenhead W. 4-4...20 1 hoett St. Helms 1 —3...11 Stockport l-1...5

Lancashire Senior Competitton, Runcorn .l-4-14 Swinton} 0-1...3 Broughton 3 4. 18 Barrow O-0...0

===== 0002601_19010315_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Runcorn v. Swinton. The Blues Annihilated.

On Wednesday evening some 6,000 spectators flocked to witness the contest between Rut c ira an 8 winson, at the Irwtil-lane enc'osure, hundreds coming from Swinton, Oldham, Warringem, Widuee, and the locality in high expectation of witnessing a capital fight. Nor were those anticipations in any way disappointed, and the game as it developed proved full of interest and was fougtit throughout with scarcely a dull moment. A glance at the composition of the teams will best indi- cate the taleat represented. They were as follows : Runcorn—Houghton, back ; Warder, Richardson, Butterworth and D Janes, three-quarters ; Faulkner and Jolley. halves ; Walker, Farmer, Reece, Lightfoot, Words, 0 Hughes. Tomlinson, and J Langley, forwards. Nwinton—Chorley, back; Wallwork, Messer, Taylor, and Hempen!), three.quarters ; Davies and Morgan, halves ; J Valentine, Vegors, Evans, Freston, Pollitt, James, Tickle, and Blackburn, forwards. Farmer was called -upon to start, with the breeze against him and the sun at his back. So keenly was his kick followed up that Morgan got tackled. and a scrum formed on the left side of the Swinton quarter resulted in Jolley getting an opening, and scoring in the first minute. The same player tried for goal,only, however, to be baulked by the wind. Valentine then led Swinton pack into Runcorn half, and the forwards heeling out with judgment enabled Morgan and Davies to set Swinton's passing machinery in motion. Several times they get nicely going, but never were they allowed to become dangerous. Jolley and Faulkner behind the home pack always had a knack of doing the right thing at the right time; Walker (the forward), Richardson. Jones and Butterworth were always on the man. whilst behind the lot was Bou?hton in tip-top form. No wonder then , that Swinton failed, and that well-meant efforts came to nought. A few dashes and a capable effort on Runcorn's part then saw Jolley following tip a kick by Walker. Stooping, Jolley picked up and scored very cleverly. No goal resulted. From the drop out Taylor marked. Kick- ing exchanges followed, and subsequently Swinton again established a place on the home twenty-five. Faulkner' stopped a daneerous rush ; got away by himself, but very foolishly threw hia chance away with forward play. Still improving their position Runcorn played with astonishing vigour, Wallwork just saving with a capital catch. At this stage the game developed into a really first-class display, both teams showing re- markable keenness and vitality. Efampson receiving from Taylor,after the ball had passed along the Swinton line of hacks, dodged beautifully, but was grassed when he looked like scoring. Still playing grandly, Swinton several times accomplished some passing movements, but these only served to add lustre to the magnificent tactics of the home defence. Later Farmer was penalised for obstruction, and Messer mids a miserable attempt at goal. Half-time : Runcorn, 2 tries, 6 points. Swin- ton, nil. Runcorn started the second half without Warder, and though he appeared a little later, it was noticed he limped badly and was of little use. Still he deserves credit for manfully doing his best under the circum- stances. Hardly had the game been reopened when Jolley was given a chance with a penalty. His effort was neer, however. Runcorn pressed, and Chorley was hard put to. Davies then set Swdinisteezeotfflya.tanadraktiotlkinedg pacarcoeris.llaTmhPils looked gnn.ontil e rightran dangerous, when Jolley effected a grand save, which effort was greeted with a roar o applause- With undiminished dash Runcorn were on the attack again, and Richardson dropped a fine goal from near centre. Swinton were a lone way behind and seeming to realise it,they put forth their best efforts The pace of the game wall accelerated. The ball was carried over the Runcorn line and Jolley just succeeded whorell aa3 the pso boal was l ought to it no havekicking been.dea d la; wasDa a close Davies droppedshave. ' next to prove dangerous. but he was successfully accounted for by J Faulkner, A third attempt In which Davles, Morgan, Taylor, Messer and Wallwork figured ended in the latter scoring a try, which was the result of the best effort of the earns. J Valentine took the kick but failed. Jolley then had a glori- ous bid for the Swinton line fairly forc- ing himself through his opponents. Hs was, however, overpowered. From this to the end Runcorn were decidedly masters of the field, Jolley sent to Butterworth, he to Faulkner, and the latter and Jones so managed affairs that Jones scored at the corner. Hough- ton tried to convert,but it was evident goal kicking was at a discount. Richardson added a further try before the close of hostilities, and • well contested game ended in victory for Runcorn, the score being : Runcorn, 1 goal, 4 tries, 14 points ; Swinton, 1 try, 3 points.

A New Fire Engine for Lymm. The Lymm District Council have long felt that the 013 manual fire engine was insufficient for the wants of the neighbourhood, and this has now been replaced by a splendid new steam lire engine by Messrs Rose and Sons, of Manchester, a trial of which took place on Saturday. Besides Mr W Arthur Dewburst (chairman of the District Coun- cil), most of the other members and officials of the Council were present. Representatives were present from Messrs Rose and Co., and there was a large gathering of the general public at the trials near the mill. An ample supply of water was obtainable from the dam, and a grand force of water was soon thrown twice the height of Mr Henshall's house, which is one of the tallest in Lvmm. Double lets were tried, and the mill received a good washing, besides which jAts were Set at work in the hollow, and sent columns of water over the highest of the tall trees. The engine worked at a normal pressure of 1201b5., but is capable of working op to 180 lbs. if necessary. Afterwards a trial was made at the Cross. -r SOFT FAIIVSKIN. Face, Hand; and Arms of delicate whiteness insur- ed to those Ladies who use Rowland's KALYDO R which removes Redness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes as. 3d. & 45. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, London. 11. smosommunis

===== 0002601_19010315_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. --- Warrington and District League. First Division.

ORFORD BARRACKS v. GOLRORNE RECS.—At Warring- ton. Tue visitors were the first to press, but a free kick gave the soldiers relief. Saunders made a tricky run, but was cleverly robbed when becoming dangerous. Half time :—Orford Barracks, all ; Go'borne, nil. On resuming, the locals began to force matters, a grand centre by Williams being the means of Saunders scoring. Go!borne made strenuous efforts to draw level, but tire home defence was safe. Final :—Oriord Barracks, one goal ; Golborne, nil.

WARRINGTON TRINITY ATHLETIC V. PENKETII.—This match waa played at Lovely-lane on Saturday. frolicy won the toss and pressed, Powell opening the scoring after 16 minutes' play. From a foul in front of goal, Baird scored a second. A couple of corners fell to them, but they were of no avail. Baker, with a good run. added a third goal. Halt-time :--- frinity Athletic, three goals ; Penketh, nil. Oa resuming the visitors broke away, but were sent back. A free kick for the locals helped them to maintain the pressure, and Houghton scored a fourth goal. Penketh broke away once or twice b.it could not manage to score. Toe Athletic were playing a fine game, and Baker with a good shot scored, the visitors' custodian having no chance to save. Just before time Houghton bit the cross-bar and the ball rebounded inzo play but it was sent behind. Final ;—Trinity Athletic, five goals ; Peaketb,nil.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
HaItIKEY.

Warrington Ladies H. C. v. Bolton Ladies H C'

This match was played at Stockton Heath, when Bol- ton won by one goal to nil. Teams :—Warrington Goal, Miss D Fairclough ; backs. Miss Al Fairclough, Miss Slow:if:halt-backs, Miss EC Picton, Miss Bond (cap- tain). Miss D Pickton ; forwards, Miss N Fairclough, MiSS D Davies, Miss G Richardson, Miss M Fairclough, and Miss J Faiiclough. Bolton : Goal, Miss D Munro ; backs, Miss S Simpson, Mist C Miles ; half-backs. Miss Stephens, Miss B Hewitt, Nies Greenhouse ; forwards, Miss D Murphy, Miss Taylor, Miss I Ormrod (captain), Miss 0 Greenhalgh and Miss G Murphy. Two 35's were played. Bolton won the toss, and took the easier half first, bullying off with wind and bill in their favour. Warrington were the smarter in getting to work, and had all the best of the exchanges in the first quarter of an hour. Then Bolton warmed to their work, and War- rington had lull opportunities of practising defensive tactics right up to the arrival of half-zime,bring beaten, however, only once, when, after a prolonged melee in the circle, Mies Greenhalgh with a weak shot scored for Bopoh. changing ends, Warrington re-arranged to their advantage, and with wind and hill assisting, were invading the visitors' territory almost the whole of tee second half. Owing, however, to the stubborn 'defence of the Bolton back division, particularly of Miss Munro in goal and Miss Simpson at left full back, who played a really excellent game worthy of higher circles, and their own weakness at shooting, Warrington failed to get through. They were unlucky not to equaliz,, and with a little more smartness in the circle might have won, having somewhat the best of the game on the whole. Nothing further was recorded, and • well-contested game resultod in a lucky win for Bolton by one goal to nil. Miss D Fairclougb had little to do in goal, and the backs were very safe. Miss Bond played a hard and telling game at half, ably seconded by Miss IC Picton. Miss D Davies and Miss J Fairclough were the pick ot the forwards. For Bolton, Miss Simpson, Miss Munro, Miss Hewitt, and Miss Ormirod were worthy of special mention. _

Latchford "A " v Hu7tort " Played at iluyton on Saturday in glorious weather, but on a somewhat soft ground. From the bully Huyton secured, and rushed down the field in fine style, and scored in the first few minutes. After a few exchanges in midfield the homesters again pressed, and scored a second pgint. Almost throughout the first half the visitors were kept on the defensive, Albinson being especially conspicuous in goal. groin the restart the ' visitors t‘ad more of their own way, and with a strong sun on their backs and playing downhill they played a more vigorous game, and succeeded in equalising a few minutes off time. For the home team Taylor and Foster on the right wing played a dashing game, whilst Adams was the tower of defence for the visitorti. Conway at back and Albinson in goal alao did some smart work. Final :—Huyton two, Latchford two.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAKNESS AFTER INFLUENZA.

Cured by Bile Beans.

" I would not be without Bile Beans at any price. They have made life sweet to me." The•st words were contained in a letter written by Mr. Sam Newbould, Gardener, of West Terrace, Burley-ie-Wharfedale, to the proprietors of Chas. Fordelr Bile Beans for Biliousness. As one reads them they suggest a world of meaning lying behind them, and by the kindness of Mr. Newbould this world has since been revealed to the reading public. He says :—" I have bad that terrible scourge, influenza, no leas than three times. The last attack was in March, 1900, and I was very bad indeed, When I got over it and was able to go back to my work, instead of being blithe and hearty, I was weak, without appetite, and felt altogether miserable. At first, I thought it would wear off, and that I should Web up my strength, bit by bit. Instead of that being BO however, I seemed to get no better at all. Every day, week in and week out, I had that tired, depressed, miserable feeling.. I always felt to want rest, yet I could net get any sound, refreshing sleep. I had no appetite, and what little food I took seemed to do me no good. Still I had to go on with my work, and I got so bad, that many a time I thought I should not have eared' If I had dropped down and died the next step I rook, A friend who `ives 5 _

Otley, ad- vised me P

try Ceartes Forde's Beans.

that t

would ii,

good that promised pay fn: ti box if the,

railed. I gOt

some Beans

and sure

enough the first -of good. Nat-. ICgot some more, and the benefit was still fwther Increased. I continued with them, and with each box my health improved until when I had had half a dozen boxes, I -as quite well again. You will see what they did for me when / tell you that last summer I was up and off to my work by three o'clock in the morning and worked until nine or ten at night, for over two months, and felt no worse for it. Ev,ry m,rning I was ready to'be up and at it again ! There was a cook at a place where I was engaged at, who Was nearly mad with neuralgia. I told her how Bile Beans had braced my nerves, and of what they had done for me. A short time afterwards I was again at her master's place:doing some work, and she asked me if I remembered recom- mending Bile Beans to her. They cured me,' she said, • and I have never had another attack."

Mr. Newbould also nvintioned other friends to %horn he had recommended Bile Beans, and who had reaped great advantage from their use. Now, it is hv bringing about such cures as the Above that Charles Fordo' Bile Beans for Biliousness have shown themselves superior to all knAwn medicines for weakness, indigestion. dizzi- ness, flatulenop,liver and kidney disorders, constipation, headache debility,neryousness, arterials, female ailments colds chill, rheumatism, neuralgia, bronchitis, blood Im- purities, as a preventive of influeers, and as a speedy restorative after that weakening disease. MI Chemists stock them, or you may Wain dirent from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co.. 119, Lanoon Wall. London, EX., by vending prices. is. lid. or 2+. 91. (2s. 91. box contains three times Is. lid )

t ,d- -,,,,f-ip i.,,,kn...; f - 4038 ct- 7.( -'s )!,:. 4 iivii • " dile' '. 'I, ge ••••,1144-",. ' `1.4.., I,t z( V 'Re.", h e to mey '' .c:!•;34.'? i ii:'6.' -, s;::ii:',C-tifk:Eit'7"!.:;ti*,.. 7-. ‘t he :-.!:::'-'..- 1,/:,'}`'"'f ' '''''''..:4l,if,':',:•.-%At-, to -------- i,,..7. '`. ,111::,1,47.• e.:4,.tig.., 10114, --. , r .:ii:, • !,?.;,/i.!4,.*:‘r• -2;4: t•••••••;---:: - " bli „....i.,..... 1i....:„./x ...i...554.,...-; . 00 box did tile a lot - turally

===== 0002601_19010315_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

MISSION SERVICES.—The first services of the mission at the Trinity Wesleyan Chapel, conducted by Mr John Weston, of Aroside, commenced in earnest on Sundsy, there being a much better, congregation in the morning then usual, and a large attendance at the evening ser- vice. Special hymns sung to some of the old tunes gave life to the hearty singing by the choir and congregation.

CYCLB ImmENFIS BARGA MS. Free —Amor Illustrated list, 1.500 New and Second- hand Machines, 30e, to £5. 500 New Machines, 1901 make, from £2 17s. 61. Single Machine at wholesale prices. Accessories. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.—WAßßlLOW A Co., Weston-super-Mare.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS. KrEE CAPS, &C.—For Varicose Vein and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprain ; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive, an are drawn on like an ordinary stocklng.—Prices 4s. 6(1 7s 6d., and Os. 63. each.—Postage free. —Wrim AND WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers, 93, Ren- shaw-street, top of Bold-street, Liverpool.—Ai

===== 0002601_19010315_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
1 . • ' ~i...,,,,,.....,. ~... .. ~.... ~,, .• ;..,... ..,........)

(I.

et EXAMINER PRINTING WoRKs FOR

PRINTIYG OF ALL DESCRIPrIONS CONO BET BILL AND PROGRAMERS. AUCTION SALE BILLS AND CATALOGUES. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS.

COMMERCIAL PRINTING EXECUTED AT THE LOWEST PRICE. WITH VIE GREATEST DE4PATCH. Posr Ems OF ALL SIZES

May be inspteted and Betimatee:obtatned at the Office,

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSIIY STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE NO. 0489.

IF YOU WANT A NEAL CHESHIRE GOOSE OR TURKEY DON'T BB IMPOSED UPON WITH FOREIGN STUFF, BEE Mc DER HUTT,

THE RABBIT KING, NEAR BRIDGE FOOT, LATCHFORD,

===== 0002601_19010315_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19010315_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

===== 0002601_19010315_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Sh°lring the time to which a Letter can be poet ed With Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny

5 O a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Wldnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Dltton, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall. Newchnrch san.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, 0 raft. Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools-

Co 10-O a.in.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. Macclesfield, Stock- Port, Buxton. Yorkshire. Northumberland, Durham, and S B. Lancashire. 9.30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport. sad the Isle

Ma a.m.—Manohester, Botton. Oldham. North Web% and Ireland. a.m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. Eingland. Wigan, cotiand, Liverpool, Preacot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormairk St Helens, Widnes, Newton. Runcorn, and

Yorksbire. 1-25 p.m.—Ghester. Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrew sbur North Wales, London and Smith p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk. Bith. florist Bader Gloucester, Plymouth. Yorkshire, Hancheste B-Bast Lancaildre. and Scotland Op. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Curabeidand, Wigan

'Bolton 2-16 p.m. —Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwlch and Sandbach 2.45 p.m.—Frodsham, Prodsham Bridge, Heisby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchnrch. Newton-le Willowy, Manchester p.m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge. Latehford, Padgate and Bewsey 5 P.m.—Lymtn, Thelwall. Heatley 6 p.m.—St. Helens p.m.—Manchester .—Liverpool and Chester p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough. Bast Lincolnshire Pion, Preston, N,B• Lancashire, and West Cumber-

nd 6-45 m.—Saturdays only. Queenstown amt the U.S. America '6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-3: p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland. Liverpool, Birkenhead Ormskirk. Isle of Man. and Scotland 10-30 p.m.—Night Mall Despatch. All Parts-1045. extra ' Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.M.—London. Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties. and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at? a.m.. 12 noon. 3-45 pm.. and 6-15 p.m. except on Thursd.ys when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLBSIOWN AND PIRWTON.

liE/1.13 OFFICE • Migh-st„ Newton PogTMASTER • Mr. James Jordan liolrs of r Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Litterdance. Stindaps 7to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5.4) p.m. x.he Telec•raph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 81. •rt , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCET, Poerr.—Pareels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LE'rrER DELITF.RY commences at 7 a.m. 12-30.8.0 c/

p. TEI

LIST OF DESPATCHES owing the time to which a Letter can o rdin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny amp Ordinary I MAILS. Extra Postage. id. Stamp

6-0 a.m.

10-30

1 -10 ~

245 p.m.

4ltrilt-OityrcEe -- *Ashton Collins Green ...... Naolborne LoNS ton Stnbsh:sw Cross Winwick •Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m.

7-10 a.m.. and 6:20 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 t .m. 6.4111. M. and 6.30 nan• *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 am. 12 noon, 2 &

6.40 p.m. - 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.3 J a ni. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

10-35 a.m

2-20 p.m.

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30.a.m.

NIL 10-15 am. fill.

from the Receiving Office at Earle n.; from all Sub-Ofiloes at the

===== 0002601_19010315_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WALL BOXbAl—:

Crow Line. Newton Newton Common (Neer the itanecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-et., Golborne _Leith Street. rwton Chapel. 44.5.1,0 n Common

(Near Lowton qt. Marrs Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Bartonwood

(i;;;id-Wce Place)l

parcelhare despatched "in KV9 a.m. and 6p. ale as letters.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWS DELIVBRIBS

FOLLOWS :-

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen. , 7-oa.m.

7-0 a.m.

10-30 10-45 . }ll-30 1.11-40

1. 12-0

12.15 p. • .

11-30 a.m .

2-15 , } 3-15 ,

3-15 a.m.

6-30 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

}4

===== 0002601_19010315_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
GARTONS

GRASS AND CLOVER

SEEDS.

• Prom an English Agriculturist. "I sowed part of my field with the Clover Seeds I purchased from you, arid the ~ther part with Seeds Procured from a local firm. The Clovers produced from Your Seed are stronger, and more advanced than those I got locally, and the difference can be seen smite half- a-untie away." PrOm a Scottish Agriculturist. have pleasure in stating that the Grass and Clover Seeds you supolled me with have given the greatest satisfaction. In fact the crops from these are, F I Consider, the hest I have ever grown." rom a Welsh Agriculturist. The Grass and Clover Seeds which you supplied me with ars doing grand. They are really the best or Many n.tles round about here, and far superior to anything I have ever had in my 16 years' experience of farming." I.cr 14'1 particalin see our descriptive priced catalogue. SEED EXPERTS & CROWERS, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

NEW 156Libt - BUILDINGS. Progress of the Works.

A number of Warrington pressmen paid a visit of inspection to the new constabulary buildings for the purpose of reporting the progress made in the erection of the structure. Previous visits of pressmen have been associated with official functions. The first visit in 1899 was in connection with the laying of the foundation stone by the late Alderman Wright, and at a more eecent date several pressmen screwed up enough courage to follow the Mayor to the dizzy heights of the topmost chimney cap, where a pot was laid with as much form and ceremony as the unusual surroundings permitted. There was nettling so remarkable in connection with the visit of which something has now to be written. The pressmen were escorted through the premises by Mr Hallard, the genial clerk of works, who wended his way through a labyrinth of unfinished corridors and rooms amid a be- wildering maze of poles and scaffolding with an ease that was thegenvy of the uninitiated. The pressmen followed him as best they could, stepping gingerly from joist to joist, and negotiating gaping cavities with • courage that seemed to commend itself to the busy plas- terers, joiners and labourers who were met with at every turn. The purpose to which each room was to be put was described by Mr Renard, who was a storehouse of information on everything connected with this hand- some pile of buildings which is rapidly approaching com- pletion. The progress made since the laying of the foun- dation stone, sixteen months ago, has been rapid and continuous, and it may now be safely anticipated that the opening ceremony will take place in the autumn of this year. The exterior of the new buildings is practically com- plete, and the architectural features disclosed are such as to warrant the opinion that the structure will be an ornament to the town. The terra-cotta dressings are of a cinnamon tint and blend beautifully with the brick- work, and as the sun's rays glint upon the surface, the details of the ornamentation are thrown out in relief, and produce a pleasing effect. There will be three en- trances to the new buildines ; two of them from Arpley- street and one from Wilson Patten-3treet. The public and police will make use of the Arpley-street entrances whilst the magistrates will have an entrance to themselves from Wilson Patten-street. It will there- fore be seen that the complaint facetiously referred to by Mr John Croefield that at the Irlain-street police court it was difficult to distinguish magistrate.; from criminals on account of there being only one entrance, will be re- moved when the new buildings are in use. Entering for the nonce by the magistrates' entrance, the visitor would fired himself in a wide and well-lighted corridor, from which access is gained to a number of rooms on either side. By turning to the left a room built for the use of the Watch Committee is reached. Here, all the business relating to the police force will be trans- acted. It is plainly but nicely fitted up and is light and airy. Near to, is a room for the use of the police' surgeon and • little farther away, but quite separate from the main building, is a mortuary and a room for conducting post mortem examinations. Retracing our steps to the magistrates entrance,on the right is:situ eted the Chief Constable's room, with a strong room for the storage of valuables and important documents, whilst near to is the office for police clerks, and rooms for storing uniforms. &c. The detective department is furnished with a commodious room which has windows looking out on to Wilson-Patten-street and Arpley- street. The public entrance is tha centre one, and the police court is reached by a stone staircase. The court is 52 feet by 40 feet and will provide ample accommodation. At the present time the plasterers are giving it a second coat. It will have a panel ceiling with ornamental moulding work. The bench will he handsomely fitted up, provided with a canopy which will be embellished by the Royal Coat of Arms. Retiring rooms for the magistrates and the clerk are close at hand. The magis- trates, clerk will sit immediately in front of the Bench, and excellent accommodation has been provided for the solicitors and reporters. The dock will be in the centre of the court and there will also he two witness boxes. The public will be accommodated in a gale, y at the back. In close proximity, are rooms sat apart for male and female witnesses, consultation room for solicitors and clients, solicitors' room with robing room attached, and a reporters' retiring room. Within easy distance is the Corener's Court. This is a replica of the Police Court on a smaller scale, the dimensions being 441 t by 21f I. Adjoining it is a retiring room for the jury and another for the Coroner. Retracing our steps to the police entrance which is the one nearest to Museum-street, one finds a telephone room and rooms for sergeants and inspectors close at hand. A criminal on being arrested would find himself escorted through this entrance, and immediately taken into the charge room right opposite. Aojoining it are two rooms to be used for searching prisoners, one for males and the other for females. It is but a few steps from here to the cells. Fourteen have been provided for men and seven for women. They are light, airy and well-ventilated, and if one were disposed to contrast them with many of the dwellings of the poor in Warrington, he might safely say they were superior in every way. They are built lof enamelled brick, provided with patent unbreakable lights, and doors lined with sheet iron. Lavatories and airing courts are contiguous to the cells, and the whole arrangements are such that even such a prisen reformer as John Howard could ecarcely have dreamed of. All one gazes at the stone staircase which leads to the judgment hall, one shrinks from anticipating the great number of characters who in the near future will ascend and descend them. There will be excellent accommodation for the police. A dormitory is being erected for fourteen single con- stables, and there will be • reading room, recreation room, and mess room fitted with all modern require- ments. There will els° be provided on the site occupied by the old armoury, a covered-le parade ground, 97ft by 501 t, and accommodation for married constables and caretakers. A unique system of ventilation will be adopted. Fresh air will be drawn by an electric fan from ventilators On the roof and carried through air tight tubes and ,distri- buted throughout the building. By this means a uniform temperature will be maintained. The buildings will be heated on the low pressure system with radiators fixed in convenient positions, and lighted throughout by I electricity. Mr. C W Davenport is the builder, and the architect is Mr Burns Dick of Newcastle-on-Tyne.

SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYAN CHOIR.

Councillor Brough on Church Music.

At the invitation of Councillor and Mrs. Brough, the members of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Choir met in the schoolroom on Monday evening for the annual social gathering. Between 40 and 50 res- ponded to the invitation. A capital knife and fork tea was served and thoroughly enjoyed. After the removal of the cloth, a programme of games, agree- ably interspersed with vocal and instrumental items, was proceeded with. At the outset, Mr Miles proposed a vote of thanks to Councillor and Mrs. Brough for their hospitality, lie referred to the many acts of kindness which Mr. Brough had extended to the choir, awl stated that they could hest. reciprocate it • by loyally supporting him as their conductor in any work be took up.—Miss Morrell, on behalf of the lady members, seconded the vote of thanks, and paid a graceful tribute to Mr. Brough's services as conductor of the choir, and of his kinelness to the members of it.—The vote was unanimously accorded.

Councillor haouon, in responding, said he had never replied to a yore of thanks with more grAtimele in his heart than to the present one. Tue proposition had aa additional interest lent to it from the fact that a lady had seconded it. As a choir tlsey had to supply music in connection with their place of worship, and music in the church was a subjerit of vital importance to evvry chvgich ot ro-day. Music touches and stirs emotions that can be awakened i their fulness n no other way. Music is rno of the handmaids of religion, and the church that eschews music. Or fails to make a right use of it, it, is sure to be a cold and stunted member of the bony of Christ. Therefore it follows that the music of the sanctuary should, for the most part, be such as all can j,in in, and all should join in it to the best of their pdwera. The spec.acle presented in some churches, where the congregation silently sits and i stens to a performance renders d by t he choir, composed at least occasionally, of s number i of men and womrn who have only a professional interest n their work, is by no means edifying. Worship should never be done by proxy, and though the heart. may accompany, with its silent melody some min mat rendering, sweetly rendered by more skilled voices, yet Ira contended no re- ligious service shou'd he herd cc which the thief musical items were not within the reach of all. A.iain, there Should be variety and beauty of musical torrn in our service of praise, with the ,pread ot general and especially of musical ethleatiOn We .have Come t.) appreciate the ordeis and yarn-tics of sacred music as rover beim° We enjoy a series of hymns and tunes if chants and anthems, nowadays, such as the world has never bad before. The great musician—Sir Arthur Sullivan— who has just passed away, was only one of many who have enriched the treasury of sacred inusic with price- , less contributions, now within the reach of every Con- gregation to use as a means of expressing ita common adoration and praise. It is a great benefit also that the old prejudice that so long hindered the introduction of variety into our musical worship, has passed away, and that there are few forms of sacred music that are net welcomed ty most congregatiuns. There had, indeed, : been a wide-spread cultivation of Ml.lbied faculty during the last generation, and it was bearing fruit in a richer, ampler, and more refined service of praise, (Hear, hear.) Should he give them a sketch of the ideal congregation in relation to worship ? It was a very

simple one. The service would be one that would com- bine some of the simplest with some of the more deve- loped forms of music. The people would all have books containing music as well as words. They would all see to it that they hal studied the art of singing, at least,so far as to be able to take their right place in the balance of voices, knowing how to sing at least,all hymns,turtes, and all the chants, and most of the anthems itai common use. They would be ashamtd to be silent when the time came to join in the praise of God. There would b 3 a choir, but it would not take the place of the congregation, but skilfully ; lead it,and give it direction and confidence to sing more I worthily, and it would give an occasional selection of its own, which would be beyond the power of untrained voices. The choir would be composed of men and women, spiritual in character as well as skilful in voice, and full of the power of the Holy Ghost. With such a choir and such a congregation, there would be no limit to the spiritual blessinss that might come through the door of song. People would come to such a setvice,and find their minds quickened, their better nature roused. The wayward would feel the call of their higher self,and the devout would feel that this was indeed none other than the House of God, and the very gate of Heaven. (Applause.) During the evening a number of interesting competi- tions were held, some of the prizes having been given by Messrs Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Lmited, consisting of I samples of their specialities. Songs were efficiently sung by Mr D Dunn and Mns William Taylor. Mr Walter Enough, jun., was deservedly encored for a violin sole. The accompaniments were played by Mr E Wilkes, A.L.C.M. and Mr T Brough,

A YOUTH'S SHOCKING DEATH Fatality at Messrs. Greening's Works. A youth named Joseph Ashbrook, 17 years or age,who resided at 75, Laira-street, Warrington met with • a shocking death whilst following his employment at the works of Messrs. Greening and Co., Scotland-road, on Wednesday last week. It appears that he was placing some paper " packing "on the roller of a wire weaving machine, when his head was caught between the sleigh and the roller, and cru.hed. Death was instantaneous. Mr S Brighouse conducted the inquest at the Borough Police Court on Fiidav afternoon. Mr W H Draper appeared on behalf of the firm' and the deceased's relatives were represented by Mr T S Steel. Major Roe. H.lll.'s Inspector of Factories. was present on behalf of the Government and Mr A J Willett watched the proceed- ings on behalf of the Ocean Accident Insurance Company. Thomas G. Hewitt, a boy, aged 14, said he was a needle winder at the works and was assisting Ashbrook on Wednesday morning. Deceased knelt down for the purpose of winding two sheets of paper " packing " OR the roller of the wire weaving machine, and told witness to give the machine one " shoot." Witness did so and decelsed raised his head and caught it between the sleigh and the brass roller. Witness saw him fall and sent for the foreman, but when assistance arrived deceased was dead. .

Mr Sceel : The paper would not catch in the roller until you gave the machine one shoot ? WitneFs N Sir.

Further examined witness stated that one shoot brought the sleigh to within three inches of the roller. The dec-ased was kneeling down with big head below the machine roller.

In order to facilitate matters a sketch was handed to the jury. Mr Draper said his contention was that there was no necessity for the deceased to get underneath the • machine.

Witness further stated that he had never before seen anyone place thc paper on the roller in the manner he had described. It was cuAtomary for them to kneel in front of the roller and place the paper on with both hands.

The jury returned a verdict of' Accidental death." On behalf of the directors of the Company, Mr Draper expressed regret at the occurrence an extended great sympathy o tha relatives in their trouble.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE BLOOD S THE

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

===== 0002601_19010315_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS ON TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is ihe finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tocic ht,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooe Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects ere marv3tlous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Ilheums lc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and tx,res. Thous4nds of Testimonials. In bottles 28. 9d. and I ls. ee of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 131 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless imtafions.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
IVIANLY MEN

Why suffer from pains and misery caused by liervousness Premature Exhaustion. and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, avd vvaranteed genui " I cannot find words to express w s am. used to think I never would geo curet I wish I bad seen your alvertisement at first, I shoLid have saved many Pounds.—G.F M." . _ . .

-"-i---nays'i'c'art:l.,l out your Instructions, and am now per tartly well.—J.P.".

Book rent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Send at ones and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Success

DR. DE. ROOS' COMPOUND RENAL PILLS

re justly Celebrated all over the world as -The-m—o-st safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone In the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases or the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many oompiaints. supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every paokage bears the Government stamp. wida the words, ''WALTRR DB ROOS. LONDON." thereon, by order or her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price le. led. and 2s. 9.1. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors Raiford House, liolfOrd-square, London, W.Q.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SEE

LINUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. FOR INDIGESTION 6 ITS EVILS: SICENEADACHE _ _BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • &a.

AN AGREEABLE APERIENT.

Ir-KAY TIC PILLS-

_CURE FAGEACHE & NEURALGIA.

e •• REFUSE SUBS 7777./7ES. o-a ow STALL CHEMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT BRITAIN & THE =MI

===== 0002601_19010315_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

BEVRILAsIVIS

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constination„ Wind,

Weak Stomach, impaired igestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. lielen9, Lancashire, in iylxes. Is. Id. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
SYMINGTO N'S

===== 0002601_19010315_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENGE

makes deli:ioes cMTe^ ;rt a zioment. N( trouote, no ,vast. :n small arid le.rge bott:es from all Grocers.

SIJARANTEED PURI& 10Q

===== 0002601_19010315_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t w •

===== 0002601_19010315_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

CHINA.

Friction between British and Russians.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
British Ordered to Use Armed Force

if Necessary.

PEKIN. Tuesday,

Friction has arism ' at Tientsin between the British and Russians over a piece of land which is claimed by the Railway Cimpany as having Iran in their possession for some years, and which the Russians declare to be part of their new concession, and therefore Russian property. Mr Kinder, manager of the railway, who had com- menced constru-ting a skiing on the land in question, was stopped bp the Rusdan authorities Be appealed to Colonel MacDonald, who referrred the matter to Pekin.to General Barrow, chief of the Staff, who replied, "Carry on the siding, by armed' force if necessary." Guards were therefore placed along the line, and the work was continued. The Russian General Wogark protested, and said that the Brirish would not have acted as they had if Russia had had the same number of troops as Great Britain. He added that such matters should be left to dipl nnacy. Colonel Mac- Donald asked General Barrow for further instruc- tions, and received, "Continue the siding." Ganeral Wogack is very indignant, and has appealed to M. de Giers.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of General Sir Samuel Browne.

A Ryde correspondent telegraphs :—General Sir Samisel Browne, V C, died at hie residence at Ryde yesterday morning, aged seventy-eight. He was a member of the Royal Victoria Yacht Club.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

Another Runcorn Man Joins the Yeomanry.

The Imperial Yeomanry has received another recruit from Runcorn in the person of Henry Hill, son of Captain Hill, of Surrey-street. Hill belongArl to the Runcorn detachment of the 2nd V.B CR. He was accepted for the Yeomanry after the usual examination in shooting and riding. A Frodsham Volunteer's Letter. letter received from Private Fred E7ans and dated Janu try 26'h, 1901, says —"I: expect you have seen in the papers about our camp b ing struck by lightning. We thought our tent wos struck in the first instance,but bappily, the lightning just missal us, and struck the N.C. Ols tent and killed one of the corporals of the third section, and severely wounded two lance-corporals, one belonging to our section and one to the first section. In addition to this it slightly hurt three or four non-com- missioned officets. We buried the poor corporal yester- day. A storm here sometimes makes terrible havoc of property, the rain falling in a perfect deluge, fl toding everywhere, while the thunder and lightning are appal- ling. Everything seems completely upset here. through the lamented death of the Queen, and yesterday the artillery fired 82 minute guns, one for every year of the Queen's life.. We have been told_to-day that General . .

iitebener's last order was that Volunteers wnuld start

for home after the Bth March. and as we were al,out the •first in the country we should be among thp first going bonne. We should arrive in old Eland tor Easter. Ladysmith. Described by a Warrington Lady.

Writing to her fatuer,the Rev. F Slater, vicar of Over, (and late vicar of St. James' Warrington), from the Crown Hotel. Ladysmith, undcr date February 2ad, Mrs Hordarn, wife of the Rev. AV C Hordern, chaplain to the forces, states : lam all alone in Ladysmith, an I do not think I like it. A. left this place this morning at live for Pretoria, and they tell me here it may take two, three, or four days to get there. This is a very nice little hotel, a sort of bungalow, very camfortable, but absolutely empty, which is somewhat lonely for poor me now. I must tell you of our journey from Durban here. It was a most wearying performance. We left at 6 p.m. and arrived here at 6 a.m. The carriage was full until we got to Pietermaritzburg at ten, and there everyone got out, and we had the carriage to ourselves for the rest of the night. We slept until it was just beginning to think about getting light. We got to the battlefield of the awful Colenso and Pieters Hill, and we passed within a dozen yards of young Roberta's grave. It looked most beautiful, and there is now a white cross over it. The relief column fought their way in along the railway line, so we are passing along the very route. It was rather dreadful to see a little odd crave here and there, where men had fallen, the grav2l lasing marked out by little crosses made of wood or tin, or in fact anything that would make a cross. Here and there were also big graves railed in,where I suppose men have been buried in numbers. We crossed the Tugela, and the bridge the Boers blew up. Of course, it has since been repaired. We also passed that awful intombi were over 700 were buried. We could distinctly see the graves and crosses, and A. has shown me the exact spot where his tent was pitched just before we got into Ladysmith. We also passed the river where the Biers tried to damage the besieged and flood the town. The sand bags are still there as the Boers left them. The officials are most par- ticular about letting people on the railway ; and such a railway ! It is a single line the whole way from Dur- ban, and this jolting Up and down over the most awful precipices is cruel. No one is allowed out of here with- out a warrant. A. has applied to the Commander at Harrismith for permission to bring me in, and we are awaiting his answer in fear and trembling. If he refuses I cannot think what is to be done, for the expense of living will be awful. I shall probably have to go to Estcourt, as Ladysmith is too unhealthy. It is simply reeking with enteric, the heat is beyond endurance, and the water quite out of the question for drinking purposes. It is positively alive. A pint bottle of the commonest claret costs 2s 61, and that is the cheapest wine there is. Lemonade coats Is a bottle. Ouraide the window as aleroup of jabbering coolies and Kaffirs selling peaches and pine apples. Peaches are about twopence per dozen, and I bought some pine apples for twopence each, rut I believe I was cheated as they are a peuny each in Durban. This house was occupied hy Denise' lan Hamilton during the seige and has three shell holes in It. One shell came right through the roof, the draw- ing-room wall, and entering the back room it killed the Colonel's servant who was laying breakfast. They have not repaired the town much yet. There is a piece of shell inserted in the pavement in memory of a well- known doctor who was killed on the spot. It is the very piece that killed him, and his name and date of death are engraved thereon. He had both legs blown Off. Writing on February fith, the same lady states got back to-day after a most exciting railway journey. The Boers are all around Johannesburg and Pretoria,and the line is guarded by soldiers, who stop the train every now and then when they think there is danger. The train creeps along slowly, but I have got • him back safely, thank goodness. Also another blessing, My pass for Harrismith arrived last night, I am extremely lucky, as everyone is being refused. Two poor ladies have been waiting a fortnight for permission, and they have just got their answer, which is " no." I must now stop as it is late, and we leave for Harrismith early in the morning. We are both flourishing. I might add that Harrismith is in the war area."

More Warrington Volunteers Enter Barracks. There was another interesting ceremony in the Drill Hall. Warrinqton, on Monday morning—the third or its kind since the commencemenf of the Sonth African War —when the third contingent of Volunteers sele•lted for service in Snuth Africa were qwern in b- the Msysr (Alderman H Roberts). They numbered 32 and were under the command of Caro•ain Fairclough. Amongst other of6eers of the battalion present were Colonel Ride. _ _

_ way, Major and Sr leant Roorne, MAjir Buctcton, Cap. tain Croslield.Lieutenanti Smith and Ribera.Lier.tenant • and Quartermaeler Potter and Sergeant Major Rawlin. son. Other; who attended were Mr Richard Fairclnneh, Alderman titechingon Cpurcillor Benn.tt. Mr 11 Berr,- frirrl Melville, Mr S Wllann and Mr R C Charley. 'MA

Mayor (who wore his robes and chain of rffirel was scelmpanied by the Town Clerk (Mr T Loon Whittle). There wag a large attendance of the public and great in- terest was .hown in the proceedings. Prior to the erre- Mony, the 17,1unteers, who looked very smart and fit, were inspected by the Colonel and Adjutant, and put through a few movements by their captain. Colonel RIDGWAY, in opening the proceedings proper, Mid he had once more to ask the Mayor to swear- n a section of men going out to South Africa to take the place of men who had returryd. He was very pleased to he able to sav that Colonel flail had reported, that the men who bad gone out had done their duty well, and he had no doubt whatever that the men going out now wonld earn equal praise. Their appearanre was satis- factory to the battalion ard to the town. He Wa9 very pleased that so many of the officers in proportion to their nun-,bers had volunteered for active service.'^' Both

that and the manner in which the rank and file had re- annnded to the call was an hoinur to the battalion. Oiteosibly tl.py were cintz ow to relieve the men who

went out some Lim- ag, but , le thought it was possible that instead of relieving the other men th.y would remain with them a short time and all come home toge'her whrn thpv wnul I be welcomed back to War- ington in a right be irty manner. They knew in any case what they had to do. The honour of th battalion was in their hands. It was fr them to do their duty: (Applause). The oath was then administered to the men, and after- wards.

The Alarm addressing them, said as Colonel Ridgway had aiready reminded them, this was the third occasion on which the battalion ha i honoured its-lf and honoured the town hy sending out men for service for King and country in South Africa. He would not now &Ain nem at any orest length becauqe he hoped to have another opportunity before they loft of talnwing how deeply all appreciated this act of duty on their part. He was quite sure, and he spoke with a good deal of feel- ing in regard to his friend Captain Fairclough, that the honour of the battalion and of the re.im-nt which had been so splendidly maintained in South Africa as far as they were concerned, would be perfectly safe (Bear, hear ) It was also a pleasure to think that their soj nun as far as service in South Africa was concerned would be a very short one, and he hoped a very plessant one, The signs of the times lei them with some justification to believe that this long and costly war—cestly in trea- star and costly in men—lvas rapidly nearing its close. There had been a great demand upon the country and Empire, and also upon their town, and from one end of the Empire to the other and from one end of the town to the other the demand had been fully met. They looked forward to the time when they would see the Volunteers back safe and sound. (Hear, hear) They hoped the men's experience would prove beneficial to them,enlargiee their conception of the duties they owed to their magnificent Empire, and if possihle, though he did not think it could lo), making them better men and citizens on their return to the old country (Applause). The men afterwards received th- King's shilling, the Colonel advising them to keep it as a memento of the occasion. They then marched to the'front of the Town Hall, where a photograph was taken. Subs,qnently they proceeded to the Barracks, where they will remain in raining until orders are received for their embulta• ion.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Names and Addresses of the Men.

Below will be found the names and addresses of the men who form the third contingent of Warrington Volunteers for active service in South Africa : Captain B Fairclough. 7148 Sergeant C I Thornley, 10, Porter-street. 1149 Corporal IS-welt, 49 , L gh-street. 7150 Bugler J Braman, 27, Fairclough's-avenue. 7151 Lanc.-Corporal W Green, 56, Regent-stree', Tlarlestown. 7152 Private C Blackburn. 17. Glasshouse-row. 7153 Private J T Bird, 236, Mancbester-road. 7154 Private J Burrows. 17, Dullev-strest. 7155 Private E Clark, 4, Heaton-street. 7156 Private A J Crozier, 37, Lythgoes-lane. 7157 I', ivate J El Dutton, 8, Blue Coat-street. 7158 Private T W Davies, 15, Wellington-street. 7159 Private M Walsh, 5. York-street. 7160 Private M Foster, 19 Farrell-street. 7161 Private S Joynson, 30. Lvthgoes-lane. 7162 Private R Littlewood. 13, H )wlev-lane. 7163 Private J Lawton, 10, Greeu-bank, Wilderspool. 7164 Private J Lee. 4, Clare street, 7165 Private G Lewis, 16. Manley-street. 7166 Private W Morgan, 148. Longford-street. 7167 Private W McWhirter, 33, Albert-terrace. 7168 Private B B Morris, 40, Elizabeth-street. 7169 Private K Osborne. 3, Manchester-road. 7170 Private J R Oxley. 22, Milner-street, 7171 Private A Richardson, Victoria-road, Stockton loath. 7172 Private A Rogers, 20, Fairfield-road, Stockton feath. 7173 Private H Roughley. 18, Parr-3troet. 7174 Private R Thomas. 20, Eustace-street. 7175 Private J Whelan, 29. Fairclough'e-avenue. 7176 Private J F Wade. 52, Sharp-street. 7177 Private J Wood head, 3. ..Hughes-street.

Earlegtowi

• 7173 Private II Whitfield. 237, Wilderepool-rad.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE

DURING THE LAST FEW MONTHS HAS HAD A RECORD SALE BECAUSE H' IS A SCIENTIFIC

REMEDY TFIAT NEVER FAILS TO CURE THE MOST DESPERATE CASES OF COUGHS. BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA. ASTHMA, AND WHOOPING COUGH.

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is far superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. It is prepared on strictly scientific principles from ingredi- ents which heal and strengthea the lungs, clrar the bronchial tubes and allay irritation. It is an excellent remedy for children's coughs. It has received high en- dorsement from medical authorities and is now con- sidered a standard remedy. The enormous sales it has had lately proves that it gives the best satisfaction. Thousands of families keep it in their houses the year round. It should be taken in all cases of coughs, bronchitis, asthma, influenza, and whooping cough. A MARVELLOUS CURE IN A STUBBIRN CASE OF CHRONIC BSONCHITIS AND COUGHS.

Newport, Mon., writes, January 11th : The Veno Drug Co.. Dear Sirs :—I am glad to tell you of the grand result of Veno's Lightning Coueh Cure. For 13 months I had suffered with great pain in my chest and a fearful cough. I could not sleep at night for coughing. I have been off work a considerable time. I have been treated by five doctors' but obtairied no relief. I was afraid to try anything else.lbut I got a sample dose of your Cough Cure last Tuesday night,and it did me so much good that leant for a bottle next day. The first night I had a good night's rest and the pains have all left me. I can breathe e ssy and the Cough hardly troubles me at all now. You can use this testimony for the papers if you like, as I wish other people to get the same bisnefi^ as I have got. VEND'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is so'd at ls 11 and 2s 91 per bottle by Boots, Limited, Warrington ; Peakis, Earlestown and Newton ; Weston and Co., Run- corn; Wallbridge, chemist, St. Helens, and all chemists.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THRILLING TALE OF THE SEA.

-- Board of Trade Inquiry. • A thrilling tale of the sea was told at the Board of Trade inquiry, held in Ginslow. last week, into the cir- cumstances attending the loss of the British steamship Strathleven, a vessel built tw Messrs Blackwood and Gordon, Port Glasgow' in 1876, and owned by the Strathleven Steamship Company, of which Mr Henry Abram, brother-in-law to Mr James Lea, Runcorn, was the manager. Sheriff Scott Moncrieff presided and the nautical assessors were Captains Parfitt and Wood, and Mr J H Hallett engineer. Captain James Innes said his vessel left Pensacola, in Florida, en 20th December with a cargo of 1990 tons of phosphate rock and 749 tons of cotton, her destination being Barcelona. All went well until eight &el >ck on the nighc of the 6th of January when a strong gale blew from the south-west. An hour later the sea rose to such an extent, that he found it implssible to keep the steamer in its course. He accordingly allowed her to run before the wind until eleven o'clock,large quantities of water being shipped in the interval. At 11 o'clock he hove her to, the decks at this time being continually flooded. At two o'clock on the morning of the 7 h Jan uary the a Ind changed to the North-west, from whence it was blowing with hurricane force, and accompanied by a heatsy cenfused sea. A heavy sea was shipped on the port side about half-past two with the result that the port lifeboat was smashed, the front of the saloon broken, and the port side of the engine room casing carried away flash with the deck. This casing along with the skylight fell into the engine room, where it carried before it gratings, ladders and other fixtures, at the same time blocking the bilge Innen and the sluice sounding pipe: Consequently the water swamped the engine room and in about 20 minutes the fires were extinguished. The open spaces were repeatedly covered with sails, nailed to the deck, but on each occasion the work was carried away. The ship fell into the trough of the sea when the engines stopped and then oil was used to prevent the sea 'breaking. The tunnel door was closed and an attempt wade to start the donkey-pump while at the same time the captain opened No 2 sluice, and allowed the water to tun into the second hold, so as to reduce the quantity in the engine room, on account of the continuous seas, however, it was impossible to work the pump, so that after half an hour, No 2 sluice was closed, the crew meanwhile using buckets to throw the water out by the ventilarors. At seven o'clock the starboard life-boat fell to the deck and was smashed. Two hours later a barque was :sighted which turned out te be the Ardgowan. Flags of distress; wereisnisted and signals exchanged and finally a bnat wss put off and came alongside. With con- eiderahle difficulty the crew were got off in twoljourneys, a consultation with the officers leading to the unanimous opinion that it Was unsafe to remain on boarn, The Ardgowan cruised about in the vicinity all night, but in the morning there was no sign of the " Stratb- ' !even " which must have foundered. The crew were eventually landed at the Azores the vessel having fOnndered about 100 miles south-west of that point.

... The Court found that the vessel was well equipped and wag not overladen, and that ehe encuntered excep- tionally heavy seas, which broke, over the veagel, damaged the engine room casing, and broke the skylight. through which the water found its way to the engin. room and ultimately pot out the fires ; that every effort was made to repair tne damage done by the s?as to pre- vent the water Rhipped from going below ; and that the olip was not prematurely abandoned. No fault wag attributed to anyone for the loqa of the ship. The Ceurt also referred with satisfaction to the assistance rendered to the crew of the Strathleven by the Ardzowan, and o the great irrs,nal elk incurred in effecting the rescue C the crew. •

===== 0002601_19010315_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FR11) AY. MARCH 15 1901.

EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

ODDFELLOWB' SOCIAL AT EARLBSTOWN.

In connection with the Loyal Viaduct Lodge of Oicifeßows a smoking concert was held at the Wellington Hotel, Earlestown,on Saturday evening. P G G 0 Roberts presided, and he was supported by PGT I` Robert TnPre wag a large attendance of members, and there was a fine array of talent. The programme was of a most varied character,and was thoroughly enjoyed by those present. Amongst those who sustained the programme were Messrs Devereux, A Banton, F Doyle, T Mather,J Apoleton, J Seddon, Henry Gilman, T Miley, and J Vernon. The piano was presided at by Mr 13 Leyland. NEWTON CRICKET AND BOWLING CLUB,

On Friday evening a most success t smoking concert was given at the Pied Bull Hot e . Newton, under the auspices of the above club. %It. W H Hindley presided, and there was a large attendance of club members. The programme was most interesting, and the various items were given in a manner which earn the enclniunis of those present. Toe following was the bill of fare :—Male glee, "C morales in Arms " ; song, "Ashton" H Houghton ; musical selection, Messrs Walker and Johnson: song, " The Flight of Ages." E Perry ; duet, My Boat," Messrs Grace and Houghton ; quartette, " Bonin Adair," Messrs Henderson, Parry, Houghton and Grace ; song," The Little Nipper,' Mr F Wagg ; musical selection, Messrs Walker and Johnson; song, " Motherland," Mr W Carson ; duet, " Mountain Streams,'' Messrs Grace and Houghton; male glee, " The Wreath " ; song, "Queen of Angels," Mr S Henderson ; whistling solo, " Alice where art thou," Mr J Boardman ; recitation, Ser- geant Hancock; song, " Silvery Rhine," Mr H Houghton. Humorous songs were given by Mr Reg. Carson. A very pleasant evening was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem. THE ROYAL WELSH L CIIOIR AT EARLESTO WN.

Under the auspices of the Committee of the pro- posed Memorial Cottage Hospital for Newton-in- Makei field, and in aid of the fund being raised a concert was given in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening, by the Ro3 al Welsh Ladies' Choir. The choir has a well-earned reputwion,and consequently the hall was filled with a fashionable audience, who evinced the greatest interest in the proceedings. Madame Clara Novell° Davies conduc- ted in her usual able and graceful manner, and the various items given by the choir were ren- dered in a faultless manner. Madame Davies appears to have the choir under complete c-Introl, with the result that the combination and precision of at,alk. are points of excellence worthy of the greatest praise. It would be a most difficult matter to select any of the choruses for special mention, but the competitive piece. "Spanish Gipsy " fairly brought down the house and earned a vociferous encore. All the solos were equally wall rendered, but the item which gained ti e most enthusiastic applause was the scene " Misereri "from the opera of "Ii Trovatore "in which the F:ol3iSt was Miss Mary Thomas, the pure deep contralto of Miss Mary Jenkins, who as:isted, adding great charm to the selection. The audience were enraptured and loudly demanded a repetition of the treat,the artistes gracefully acceding to the request. Several other items were encored including, "The Old Plaid Shawl," by Miss Mary Jenkins and the song and chorus 0 The Swallow "by Miss Annie Bell. Special praise must be accorded Miss Back- sheen Wood,whose contributions on the violin were vociferously encored. Of equal merit was the performance of Miss Marie Novello Williams on the pianoforte and so appreciative was the audi- ence that they asked for a further exhibition of the clever pianist's Dowers a demand which she readily acceded to. Altogether the concert wis a great Success, and there is no doubt the hospital fund will greatly benefit. PIIESENTATIoN TO MR. THOMAS SWIFT,

• EARLESTOWN. On Saturday evening a number of the employes of the Sankey Sugar Company, with several friend, assembled at the Griffin Hotel, Earlestown, for the purpose of marking their appreciation and esteem of Mr Thomas Swift, who for 21 years had been employed by the Sankey Sugar Company, and had now been suclessful in obtaining the appointment of clerk to the Gas and Water Department, of the Newton Urban District Council. Mr Edward Pair- dough, cashier to the firm presided, and after observing that all present would be aware of the object of the gathering, proposed the toast of "The King." This was suitably honoured, the company singing the National Anthem. The business of the evenicg centred round the presentation, which was made by Mr E Fairelough, who reviewed the number of years he bad been connected with Mr Swift, which had extended over 21 years, and he spoke in flattering terms of that connection. On behalf of the employes of the Sankey Sugar Com- pany, be formally handed to Mr Swift, a handsome marble timepiece. An inscription will be attached to the clock, as follows:—" Presented to Mr Thomas Swift by the employes of the Sankey S 'gar Com- pany on the occasion of his appointment as clerk to the Gas and Water Department." The eulogistic remarks made by Mr Fairclough were supplemented by Messrs J Walker, J Haselden, 13 Dolan, A Wrigley and T Knoney, all offiAalsl of the firm. Mr T Swift thanked all those who had honoured him by subscribing, and those who had spoken for their kindly expressions. He dwelt upon the consider- able amount of help be had had from the late and present manager and the facilities which had been afforded him in attending classes for self-Improve- ment. The other important toast was " The Sankey Sugar Company," which was proposed by the chairman and responded to by Mr T Haselden. Other toasts were "Our visiting friends," and "Host and Hostess." An excellent programme of songs &c was rendered during the evening as follows, song "The Drum Major," Mr W Beatty ; song," Simple young man," Mr E Forrester; song, "In Friendship's Name," Mr .1 Gibbons; song, "Down in the deep," Mr J Ingham ; song (humor- ous), Mr J Huddlesten ; song, "In the pale Moon- light," Mr T Beatty; song," Queen of the Earth," Mr J Gibbons: song," Dewn by the Deep Blue Sea," Mr J Appleton ; song, "The Skipper," Mr Higbam ; recitation, "He nal to stand along in line," Mr T Kenney.—A vote of thanks to the chair- man terminated a most enjoyable evening. It may be added that prior to these proceedings, Mr Swift was presented with a £5 note by Mr Thompson on behalf of the firm.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. • [By " o;;list."]

--- As events have proved the hopes of the ileckmond- wikiano were ih-founded. Tney had no earthly chance at Warrington and had exactly the same score registered against them as had Leeds in the opening round. There was one difference in favour of the Spen Valley men— they were not " nilled," which is always a comforting refintion•after a rather severe drubbing. They were, valiv, &somewhat better team. than Leeds, and one cmn quite understand them performing with success in the becond division, as they have been doing all the season.

There was no half-heartedness atrcut the Warrington spectators on Saturday. They turned up in full for to see the ream which had corn out of its shell so com- pletely at L.eds ant the procleds easily topped the iitinndred," so that both clubs concerned had reasonable Cause for gra'ification. The visitors were very keen on the "bamboos " and in addition to expressing a strong desire by letter that the counting-up should be done on Saturday, thov were not hippy until they took £3O of their total away with them in hard cash. The re- mainder had to follow in a day or twe when" X. 3" had been deducted. As Efeckmondwike'i trsc gate this season amounted to only £l9, thee were not entirely dis- appointed with their visit to Wilderspool.

Spring-like weather prevailed. Old Sol shining with a refulgency which we have got quite unaccustomed to. It was something new to see the players casting shadows along the bright green turf, and th 9 contrast between th prevailing conditions and those at L cl only a week' ago was remark able. Some of the players found it rather warm, but as they are in hard training the effect upon di( m was not very great. Warrington were fortu- nate with the spin of the cnin,and prove led to do most of their scoring before ends were changed.

It was some time befo—re the first point was gained. Though Warrington attacked persistently they hum' a resolute set of tacklers opposed to them and it was no easy matter to cross the goal-line. Harris made three fine attempts in as many afnu'es only to be foiled on the verge of success each time, The egc.ll flt c)mbination of the home cub was telling its tale, however, and presently the defence gave way, Dickenson running over with the first try. He was quickly folllwed by F Sh, who sclred brilliantl9 on two occasions heFore the interval. He had the defending, backs quite helpless when he got away, and as he kicked two goals (one of wh'cli was dkallowed) they crossel over with a proper eitimate of his pro wes and in a minority of eleven points.

Until Warrington's sequence or tees comm.nced, Heckm-ndwike appeared to b. bolding back and wait- ing for the change of ends. They probably thought there was a fair chance if Warrington wore only a try ahead at the interval, bit th. rapid scoring nut that 'idea out of court. An accident to one of the visiting forwards soon after the interval s.ttled matters for they were no Icriger able to play five threequarters and War- rington held them in check without difficulty. Fish scored an hr goal and a try, and Erarris was at last, re- warded for his exertions by getting in entirely " rn his own." fleckrnondwiko Buena. led in notching a goal as the result of a penaltr against Warrington, and rerired soundly thrashed by 1.9' points to Z;

Mr Reston, of Elunslet. was the referee, and he soon wo i golden opinhns From the Warriniton crowl for his smartness in seeing breaches of the rules and his prompt- ness in inflicting the proper punishment. Like the players he W 49 always on th, hill, and he errenir nie being About the best referee we have hal at Wirrineton thig ~ason. r happen to know that Mr R'enton is greatly inagyngsed with the smartness of the Warrington men and also expressed a complimentary opinion about the ground, which he had never seen before.

The Warrington men all played well agatn,and it would be invidious to single any out for special mention in the back division. A word of praise is due tn the twn Ask- am forwards, who both °laved their best game yet with the Warrington Club. Efeckmond mike were not without s few good men. Sharpe, at centre, played a fine game all the afternoon and he'psd vervmuch to keep the score down. The two halves were alsn very fair, and Arnold on the right wing seemed to he a tweedy and powerful player. It was polish that the visitors lacked. They had plenty of strength but not much speed and dexterity'

The nest round, a week hence, will be fought with L.eds Parish Church, a club which ran well up last season and beat Runcorn at Irwell-lane. T saw that match, and the Pariahloners struck me as being a very capable team though It WWI luck which helped them to teat thp Linnets. If they are as good this season they may give Warrington considerable trouble before they are disposed of.

Most of the results wore according to expectations. with the exception of Widnes. The latter surprised everybody by defeating Hunslet to the er.ent of 8 points to nil. Runcorn soon extinguished the hopes of Leigh, and played in a style which made the Mather-lane crowd look rather " srnall beer" O'dham had a lively time at Bramley, and though points behind at half- time, they ran out winners in the end. The undoubted class of the Lancashire club told its tale in the later stages of the game. S. Helens have also got through again. I. A.

There is a lull in cup-tie contests this week, and most of the clubs return to the remaining matches in the Lancashire Senior Competition, Warrington have an off-day, and a rest may do some of the players good. Hallam appears to have been rather overworked,and has not ben quite at his best just lately. The " A " team will occupy the enclosure and take d)wri Fletcher Russell's, if they can. The Engineers are going very strongly, and have great hopes of promotion at the end of the season. Burgess,who has quite recovered the use and strength of his knee in cons-quenee of Mr Allison's expert treat- ment, will play for "A " team against Fletcher Russell's to-day, Smack " Bate Wing his partner. It is just as well that the Flixton youth should be kept in practice as hs would undoubtedly be first reserve if one of:the present first team halves was so unlucky as to sus- tain an injury. By the way in alluding to the match to- day I would just caution both teams, and particularly Fletcher Russell's,against roughness. The Engineers are so keen on beating the '' A" testn that the match pre- viously has been more like the final of a cup-tie, and one or two players have been injured in consequence. I like rivalry between teams,but it should be of a friendly and sportsmanlike nature.

The League table up to data is as follows For Lot. Fr. W. L. 13. I/. T. P. a T. P. P. Swinton 23-1- 3.- 2...24 89-255-11 14- 64...33 Oldham 21...18... 3... 1...28 72-261..12 12- 66-37 Runcorn 2...18... 6... 0...39 41-207...14 23- 97...36 Broughton Wcie525...16... 7... 2...33 46-.204...18 16- 84...34 Salford 22. 32...10... 0...29 44-190...27 28-132...24 Leigh 22..11-1- 1...23 27-127...17 29-121...23 Warrington 24-10...1- 3...20 26-118...18 29-113...23 Barrow 22. 9...12... 1...22 29-131...24 34-150...19 17ochdale Hornete2l... 7.•.12... 2...19 16- 86...30 51-210...18 .1111orn 2i... 7...14... 0...16 14- 74...24 32-144...14 Wigan 21... 5-13- 3...12 17- 75...28 45-191...13 6...15... 0...17 14- 76...24 55-213...11 breachs t o cit sktp of tf Widn,a "St. Helens 23,.. 6-15... 2...14 15- 73...31 42...188...12 4...16... 3...13 16- 74...29 39-175...1.1 had two points deducted for a etlheeneruhl2a:3;:e..

----- On s Wednesday, the beautiful afternoon and the pros- pect of a great game at Runcorn tempted me to wheel my way to the banks of the Irwell. where Swinton were due to do battle for the premier position in the League. Everyone receenised that the match WAS a crucial one for the " Lions," as defeat would make Oldham a point better off on the matches played. Moreover; Swinton having been knocked out of the West Lancashire and Northern Union Cup Com- petitions were very eager to secure the League trophy. All these considerations conspired to make the fixture a most attractive one, and in consequence the Runelrn Club had the best gate of the season, Warrineton sup- plying a goodly number of enthusi‘stq. and Oldham also contributing a few, including " Jack " Hurst.

Runcorn bad their best team out, Swinton lamenting the absence of R. Valentine and Lewis, and the odds therefore were clearly in favour of the 4. Linnets." The game commenced at 5 o'clock, and before five minutes pas: the hour Runcorn were a try ahead as the result of Ilev's irrepressibleness. Though Swinton had the ' wind they were badly over-played by the Runcornians, and Jolley scored again before the interval. There was some fine play on both sides, and Swinton exerted them- selves to the utmost. They got a try in the second half, hut Runcorn got a couple through Jones and Richardson, the latter also dropping a tine goal. At the end there- fore Swinton were soundly beaten by 14 points to 3 points. The winners were far the better team and played a game which few, if any, clubi could have sur- vived. Jolley was in marvellous form, and in addition to always having a hlnd in the scoring, he did more defensive play than Houzbton. The other men were all good, the forwards being much the better set. Dal Davies was the hest man for the losers, and played with determination, pluck, and skill which deserved a better reward. For Swinton to get the championship Oldham will have to go down at Leigh, which is a contingency not very probable, whatever the Mather-lawrs think. The Blues seem to have lost all Chances of glory for this season, by reason of their sad deterioration.

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTIIII 714 El DICLICIOUS MAZVRAT'PEIR THA. DILTO(OIT4 tditn.WATTICH TRA. SOLE AGENTS HIOTRY !dILLING i Co, LTD. WHoLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 5, HORSEILLEKET-MiEkT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The usual meeting of the above Council was held at the Workh'use. Dutton. last Tuesday. There were prrsont :Mr J Knowles, JP (presiding), Admiral-I P Jones-Parry, Messrs S Wood ward,J Mclntyre, T Wright. J B Chadwick, C E Lins.ker, T Stater, H Talbot, J Edwards, J Moleley Williams, A Gleave, C Roylance, J Bolshawi T Lewis, A E Wallington,— Davenport,George Pilling, J Baugley, W Bradford, P Leather, 8 Horton, E Clarke, J Nickion, with Messrs Gorge I/ Ashton (clerk), W E Hough, (assistant clerk), W Diggle and J Swinton (surveyors), J FArrington (Inspector), and Dr Joseph Adams (medical officer). "ANCIENT MONUMENTS AND FOSSILS."

Mr Reginald Potts wrote calling attention to the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1900, whiclii em- powers County Councils to ineserve either by purchase or by some arrangement with the owner any monument any structure. erectian, or monument of historic or architectural interest or any remains thereof, Be was instructed by the County Council to bring the provisions thereof under the notice of the District Council, and to inquire whether there were any such monuments situate withiu th4r district, and if so to be furnished with particulars of same. The County Council would he prepared to consider any representations that might be made to them with a view to putting the act into. operation.. _ _ _

The Chairman : Have we anything ? The Clerk: You have old castles. I think they would c'tine under it. Mr. Linaker : Yen have several "old fossils " in the district. (Laughter.) Mr Farrington: There are one or two old stocks in the district. There is one at Budworth. The Chairman : Yes, some people would be bettor in the stocks. (Loud laughter.) The next business was then proceeded with. _ _ WARRINGTON TO NORTHWICH LIGHT RAILWAY.

Messrs: Brown, Brown and Murphy, solicitors, South- port, forwarded draft order with reference to the pro- posed Warrington and Northwich Light Railway, which had been amended in accordance with the requirements of the Light Railway Cmamissioners. The Clerk submitted several points of difference between the amended draft and the original one, and it was decided to defer the matter to the consideration of the Parliamentary Committee.

COMPLUNT FROM DUTTON.

Mr W Lewis, of Dutton Lodge Cottage, Preston Brook wrote complaining of the drainage arrangements to hi ' house, and asking that they might have itnmediats attention. Four of his nine children Wer

Mr Farrinetou explained that the matter would receive attention before the next Council meeting. This was considered satisfactory. THE THELWALL NVISANCE. A VAGUE iwrre a.

The clerk read a letter. which he supposed came from a Miss E Simkin, (he could not qu.Le make out the name), of Ashley V Ila, Knut3forci-road, Grappenhall, complaining that while attending a confinement at Thel- wall on March sth, she was rendered sick and faint by a horrible smell. She felt the effects of it all that day, and detected the same smell the mac day but at a later hour. She began to feel concerned about her patient. She had discovered the smell on three previous occasions while attending cases of sickness in Thelwall. She did not write because she had friends or relatives in the village, but purely for the reason that she had been affected by the smell. tdr Naylor was a stranger to her as was also Mr Long. She thought something must be wrong somewhere, and the matter ought to be attended to. Mr Wallingtan proposed that a copy of the letter be forwarded to the Local Gwernment Board. Dr Adams presumed the letter alluded to the house of ttrNiylor's coachman, for he believed there had been a birth in that house, _ .

Tho Chairman : You do not know the house and cannot limit the matter ? Dr Adams : No I only presume. Mr Linaker : How does the 'rhelwall matter stand ?

The Clerk: Analysis of the effraerits have te ‘n taken and copies have been sent to the Local Givernment Board. The letter was, however, a very vague one. There was on specific charge in It. Me Linaker added be would have ascended Mr Wal- lington, only the letter was too vague, and subeequently the matter dropped.

RE-APPOINTMENT Off Da. ADAnS. Mr. S Woodward proposvd teat Dr. Joseph Adams be re-appointed as Medic.! Officer for the ensuing twelve months t& salary of 2150.

Mr. E Clarke seconded. Admiral Jones Parry moved that the doctor be not re- appoint Erl. Whilst admitting Dr. Adams was un- doubtedly a capable man, he considered that be had not suflident time at his disposal for the work. Ho also cmtended that the Guardians and the Council expended some £BOO or 21,00 a on medical officer', and if a man s enough to act as Clerk to both bodill could _ be felt that a Doctor could be got to serve both bodies in the capacity of Ild.dical Officer. 't The Chairman said that did not bear on the presen Cl5B. Mr Wallington seconded Admiral Parry, but the Chairman said he could only accept it as a negative. Mr Linaker remarked, inasmuch as Admiral Parry, had failed to indicate a way out of the difficulty, he would be obliged to support Mr Woodward's proposi- tion. Dr Adamo was subsequently re-appointed, and re- turned his tbank4.

[with braici be found. 1

THE ESTIMATES A DECREASED NATE. Mr T Wright submitted the estimate of expenditure for the half year ending Michaelmas, 1901 The total capital for the current half year ending Lady Day, 1901, amounted to £5,824, and the nett probable expenditure was estimated at £3,461 ,whicsh showed a balance at Lady Day of £2,343. The probable expenditure during the half year ending Michtelmas, 1901, was as follows : —General expenses, public health £7OO (less grant under Agricultural Rites An", 1896, £6O) ; highway expenses, £2,460; salaries. £139 (less grant under Agricultural Rates Act, £370) ; balance and contingency fund, £2,050; total, £4,919 D,ducting the probable balance in favour of the parishes at Lady Day, the amount required from the overseers was £2,576. A rate of 4d in the £ would produce the surn of £2,560. It was rocotnmended that a call for £2,578 be made upon the overseers, being a decrease of a halfpenny in the £ on haat half year. The assessable value of the district as per valuation lists in force is £152,966. The amounts of the contributions from the various parishcs for the half-year ending Michse'tnas were as follow : Acton Grange, £6O; Alvanley, £26 ; Antrobus, £43 ; Appleton. £B9; Aston, £69 ; Aston Grange, £6 ; Bart- ington £8; Budworth,f£33 ; Clifton. £56; Crowley, £22; Daresbury, £lB ; Dutton, £136 ; Frodshatn, £206 ; Frodsham Lordship, £1.40 ; Grappenhall, £lO9 ; Hal'ont £76 ; Helsbv, £l5O ; Keckwick, £54 ; IC,nesley, £92 ; Kingwood, £2l ; Latchford Witiaout, £34 ; Manley, £26 ; Moore. £72; Newton-by-Daresbury. £l9 ; New- ton-by-Frodsham, £l4 ; dorley, £53 ; Norton, £lOO ; Preston o' th' Hill, £3O ; mtvenoaks, £l4 : Stockhatn, £10; Stockton Heath. £l4O ; Stretton, £3l ; Sutton, £lOO ; Thelwall, £BB ; Walton Inferior, £73 ; Walton Superior. £32 ; Weston, £213 ; Whitley Inferior, £27 ; Whitley Superior. £3O. Mn J B Cnadwick seconded both the estimates and re- port of finance, and they were adopted unanimously.

Haydock Park Steeplechases, 22nd and 23rd March. For the convenience of the racing public desirous of journeying to Haydock Park on the occasion of this steeplechase meeting,the Great Central Railway Company announce in our advertising columns that they will run fast excursion trains to Haydock Park (Race Course Station)which adjoins the course on each day. Accident to a Porter, Ralph Norman, an outside porter employed at Bank Quay station,was proceeding along Golborne- street on Tuesday afternoon wi,h a band-cart taining a commercial traveller's luggage, whenlhe slipped and fell on the ground. The contents of the hand-cart, which were somewhat heavy, fell upon him, and he received such severe injuries thm he had to he immediately removed to the Infirmary. Burning Accident at Wilderspool. A shocking burning accident olcurred at Wil- , derspool on Tuesday. A girl named Dolly Mosey, 16 years of age, and living witn her parents at 4, Greenbank-street. Wilnerspool-road, woe lighting the fire yes•erday morning, when her flannelette skirt became ignited. She received shocking burns on fur arms, back and thighs before the flames could be extinguished. She was taken *o the Infir- mary, where she lies in a critical condition.

United Patriots National Benefit Society

(Orford Branch.)

The annual tea party in connection with this branch took place in the Club-room, John-street, when about 60 member and friends sat down to tea. The after-meeting, was presided over by Mr H Densham, who said be should be glad to see more co-operation amongst working men, not only in this but in other ways that would be to the working man's advantage. He had looked through the annual report, and had found that financially the society was in a very sound state, and he had no hesitation in recommending its advantages. He hoped many young men would take the oppottunity of joining such a splendid society. He would be pleased to become one of its honorary members. Bro. J Brailey (branch chairman), on behalf of the mem- bers, thanked the chairman and his good lady for being present. No doubt the society would be pleased to add his name to the list of honorary members Afterwards Bro. W Joslin received at the hands of the chairman a gold pendant for inter- est taken by him in the society.

DR- LICIOUS MAZA.WATITE TR& DRLICIOUS MAZAWATITTS TEA DELICIOUS MAZ AWATTRE TEA Eott AGENTS: HENRY MILLING AND Co.. LTD. WHOLESALE AND ENTAIL GROCERS ETC. HORSEMARIEFT4TRAUT. WARRINGTON.

ON SALE a 2 Horse Power CHOSARY GAS ENGINE, and small Saw Bench, an offer wanted, to be teen at 348, PATIN-ROAD, Liverpool.

WANTED. steady TEANISMAN.—AopIy J. TRAVIS, liam's Head; Haydock near St. Helena.

‘VANTED, Strong GIRL.—BDUCENICEAD Anus, 146. Chester-street. Birkenhemd.

WANT HD MINIMAL SEHVANT.—AppIy Mrs. VIEILUS V 72 lyaverfree-road. Liverpool.

WANTED Good GENERAL, for doctors bus, another kept, no cookin, —Address MEL IdawaoN, Derby House, Bolton.

IIrANTSD, Strong GI 18; mu,t hvire gooi 0114nter; good borne to imitable glrl.-134., BEACON-LANE, verton, Liverpool.

IXTANTED good GENERAL ; another kept; family four ;. I 1' V no washing ; £l6.—Mns COOPER, 2, Brundretets-road, Chorlton-oum-Hardy, Manchester. QOUTHPORL—Wanted good GENERAL SERVANTS must have good referenlee; good wages given,—Ma MOULD, 71, Bastbank-street, Southport.

WANTED two reepeetable GIiNEHAL (work together), for one lady ; friends or sister. t.ken. (good home). 34, DOROTHY-STREET, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

IArANTHD G.HNII thoronatdj, honest and ' good V oharacter.two in farnily.—apply by letter 13 Stockton- road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester,Good Home.

141/ ANTED, GENERAL; rood wages end comfortable home to suitable person.—Apply by letter, or call SPRING- FlteLD, High-street. Whitworth Perk. Manchester.

‘,1%/ ANTED UOOK-6111.NlittAL and Housemaid at once two In family; Protestant, ; good references required WRITE 21, Lancaster-road, Blradale, eouthport.

WANTED NURSE (singichandeD or spun ry, Oxford- shire. Two little girls 9k years and eighteen months. Good references required. Wages £l5 to £lB. ST. thswaLn's, Oralg-y-don. Llandudno.

ISTltilrub w tia. RfIVNT,Ana ervaxitii wittl Beferene9 wanting Situations.—Apply Mite PRESTON. Progressive Servants Agency, 44 Charlee-street, Blackpool, or 14. Bold place Liverpool: Bnoloseatarnp.

O N SALE GREY HORSE, aged.—Apply CLARE AND RiDuway Sankey Bridges.

ITNRTIOAL BOILER AND FITTINGS can be seen work- V ing at 401 b. pressure; price ZiO —J GALWAY. Di, Waterloo-street, tit. Helens.

MUSICAL HELP. Yung lady WANTED. light duties State age and terms.—Sug INN, New Mill, neat Huddersfield. VV

ANTIsI), Yullba MAN, good Wage.; regular work no experienee.—For reply enclose stamp.—Psrmu.a- BURT. Patentee, Wentworth. bolton.

S— - TOOK and FIXTURES of a eta bazaar and Toy Shop tor liA.Lii at a eacrifiee.-107, hima.-irritEirr, Liverpool.

-EIOR SALE. £5 BOOK. (Royal Liver), 30 times Oash.... -12 Apply J. COTTERIL, 50, Wilderspaol-road. WarTington.

Warrington.—Printedand Publishad by Joxer WArArsm Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey- street, and published by them at OA same pine MO also at the The Etaminer Offices, Vict ; or.a.road,wroptss 32, Caorve-street, Sr. HELENS and & Msrket-strees EARLEBTovirN,iti the County of Lane %star and also lt if lel sreet,RIJNOOUNin the County of Chester. 1511ncH 16,1901.

===== 0002601_19010315_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

--- Personal, The Warrington Chamber ot Commerce has bean represented at the annual meeting of the Associated Chambers, held in London this week, by Mr. C. E. Parker (president), and Mr. Arthur Bennen (secre- tary):

A Memorial Window in the Training College Chapel. On February 2ul, 1900, Mrs. Baker, lady superin- eiident of the Training College from 1849 to 1884, passed away; and those who had known her and her work felt that some lasting memorial of her ought to find a place in the colle2,e she had loved so well. A fund was immediately opened, and con- tributions have been received from humerous friends and " old students.'" These have been ex- pended in a memorial window, which his been placed on the north side of the chancel. It consists of two lights, each depicting two scenes connected 'with our Lord's birth and early 111 e. The colour- ing is very beautiful, and the details are very clear and in perfect harmony with those of the other windows in the chapel, all of which are the work of Messrs. Burlison and Grylls. A service for the dedicatiol of the window was held on Saturday, and was attended by Mr Baker, accompanied by several members of his family, and old friends. e Amongst those present were:—The Very Iti3v. th n 3 i Dean of Manchester, the Rev Cano and Mrs Pen(ryßhenv,thNeiorltleeyv Canon and nadMrasnd Btsvenson, W th Princi- palthe Rev II A and Mrs uester, Dr .. .1 Miss Watkins Mr Charles and the Misses White, Mr and sf„ Amos, Mr and Mrs T D Buckton, Mr and Mrs Dew- hurst, Mr 0 Lofthouse, Mr and Mrs P C Price, Airs Rose, Mrs Sharp. Mrs Smethurst. Mr and Mrs J C Thompson, Mr and Mrs E Wools, and Mr and Mrs W B Woods. The former members of the college staff, who had worked with Mrs Baker, Mrs Nick- rietcn(hlterir were also present, and Mrs Shepherd (Miss esent, as were all the present staff, numr.rous former students representative of the years 1819 to 1884, and as many of the present students as cou'd be accommodated.—The Principal said the dedicatory prayers, after which an address was given by the Dean of Manchester from the text "A mother in Israel " (Judgas V. 7).—After the hymn "Christ shall gather in Ms own" ha ct I)Fffln sung, the Rev Canon Penrhyn pre sounced this B diction.

nEmorous MAZAwATTUS TRA. lINLIMOUS MAZ kWATTRR Vitt DELICIOUS MAZkwATTEN TE%.

SOLE AciTrwrs : HIMRY MILLING AND CO.. LTD WHoLERALE AND RETAIL GROCERS RTC., 5, HORSEMARHET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19010315_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BIBLE ADDRESSES ARE DELIVERED EVERY SUNDAY AT 6.30 P.M_ IN TOFT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS. CORNER or BRIDGE-STREET AND FRIARS'-GATE, WARRINGTON. SUBJECT FOR TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) : The raisinp of the dead tea Judgment. I lie and Rewards.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN:? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. D.

- - _ BOL D- STR E E T WIStEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 17m. At 10.30 Rim 0. 11. HOCKBN. At 6.30 REV. THBODORH BISHOP. All welcomA. Hymn Books provided.

OPEN FREE. EXHIBITION OF KODAK WAR PICTURES AT THE NEW BRANCH OF KODAK, LIMITED, 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. An interesting and unique collation of enlargements from KODAK PHOTOGRAPHS taken during the SOUTH AFRICAN CAMPAIGN. by N. C. SHELLY, Esq. °Maar' and others at the front. The Exhibition is open daily from February 23rd to March Ist, 19D1. From 10 a.m. till 8.30 p.m, Free admission on presentation of visiting card.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS "IN ARTISTIC 'FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c-, &C., GO TO WILLIAM TODD, 18, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD:STREET). LIVERPOOI TELEPHONE, 7823.

RUNCORN UNION.- CONTRACTS FOR PRO- VISIONS AND SUPPLIES FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDING OCTOBER STEt. 1901. The GUARDIANS of the Poor of the RUNCORN UNION are desirous of receiving TENDERS from parties willing to ...CONTRACT for the supply of New Milk. Buttermilk, Fresh 4110 Cutter, and Fresh Eggs (for Twelve Months), Flour, Oat- -114%1, Groceries. Peas, Cheese, and Salt Butter ; Cod Liver and Paraffin Oil ; Quinine; Good Beef. to consist of vein 'Paces intact and Flat Ribs with Bone, one round weekly not exceed 251b5.. and 501bs. per week of the Best Butcher's ▪ at for the Officers, and sides of Mutton ; Bread, Home- Bacon, P tatoes, Wheat Straw; Drapery. and °▪ thing ; Men s Women's. Boys' and Girls' Shoes of various as per samples to be seen at the Workhouse. Dutton, !ad Shoe Mending; House Coal (Colliery to be named) ; unod Deal Coffins, specifying size. and including plate, with name, age, and death, to be delivered in the Union when and 'Where required ; Coke ; Carting at per mile ; Funerals at per Puneral. Parties Tendering for the supply of the above-mentioned Goods will be required to deliver the same at the Workhouse. free cf cost to the Guardians, how and when required Tenders to be accompanied with samples (except Drapery Goode) as far as practicable. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the Lowest or any tender. Persons desirous of tendering mn t apply by letter to my , office, in Runcorn. for a printed Form of Tender (and none Other can be entertained), where a Schedule of the various articles requ'red and further particulars nny be obtained. Sealed Tenders addressed to the Guardians,to be forwarded to the Clerks Office, Runcorn, on or before Monday, the 25th March 1901, endorsed" Tender for The Tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting Of the Guardians to be held in the Boardroom. Dutton, on the 26th dav of March, 19)1, at 1145 p.m. Parties whose tenders are accepted must enter into a 'written contract, and be prepared to enter into a Bond with twO Sureties, if reqnired by the Guardians By order of the Board, GEO. F. ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Runcorn, Ist March, 1931.

NO HUMBUG. ARTHUR EVANS . 1s now holdlne als first Clearance Sale of Ladies and Children's B mts and Shoes at 51, BYRON-STREW ; 21, BERRY-STRII ST ; 201, BRECK-ROAD : and 211, LONDON-ROAD, LIVRRPOOL. Come early and secure the plums.

GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY. RAYDOCK PARK STKEPL'tCHASES 22ND AND 23nn MARCH. On the above dates EXCURSIONS fo HAYDOCK PARK 'racecourse Station) will leave ST. HELENS (Central) at 13.1r1•. Haydock 1.32 p.m. each day. Time of return, see Ordinary First and Third Class Single and Return Tickets will be available. If the Steeplechases are postponed Train will not run. WILLIAM POLLITT, General Manager. Manchester. NV ARRINGTON MUSICAL • SOCIETY. THE THIRD AND LIST SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL, PALMYRA SQUARE. WEDNESDAY NEXT, MARCH 207 N, 1901. 1148/Nes " STABAT MATER." AND MISCELLANEOUS SECOND PART. ARTISTES: SOPRANO MISSS AGNES NICHOLLS, CONTRALTO: MISS MAUD TURNER. Tryon : MR. CHARLES ELLISOI7, Hasa • MR. WILLIAM LLEWELLYN. €FLORns AND ORCHESTRA OF OVER 200 PERFORMERS. Com:arcing MR. FRANK IL CRO4SLEY. Ix... Lima or ORCHEITRA : MR. R. H. PEARSoN. for. ORGANIST AND ACCoMpLRIST : MR. W. H. PATTON. MUS. BAC. OPEN AT 745 ooNCERT. 7.45 CARRIAGES 10.5. Tleket-bolders a imitted by early door at 7 p.m. Plan and Tickets at Messrs. R. H. PEARSON'S Ltd. Bold- street.. L. W. REYNOLDS, W. E. ATKIN 't Hon. Treas. F. J. LORD. f '"'n• 'ecl•

KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND IWITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMBREBPING. ALL RAND MADE. 21.1 NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KUM has had over 33 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained the highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

ROSPITAL SUNDAY, MARCH 17ny, 1901, SERMONS will be preached and collections made as follow : • ALF. J. JOLLEY, Hon, Bea. Parish Church Morning The Rector. Evening Rev E H Narding, of St. Aidan's College. st orge's Mission Culement's Mission Evening Rev A F White. • St:Evening Rev A d Cameron. -aul's Church Morning & Evening The Vicar. All Saints' Mission Morning Rev D Herrin. Evening Rev L W Thomas. 11°9 Trinity Church Morning Rev T N Carter, Evening Rev F A Scranton. St. Luke's Church Morning Rev E 0 E Carleton. Evening Rev N R Wild. Christ Church Morning The Vicar. Evening Rev B C E Carleton. ' St Jainee Church Morning A Evening The Vicar. St Peter's Church Morning Rev M Stevenson. St Ann's Church Evening Rev W Bracecamp. Morning A Evening The Clergy. St Rumbas' Church Morning & Evening The Vicar Grappenhall Church Morning is Evening The Clergy. Wlnwick Church Morning Canon Penrhvn Afternoon Rev W Williams. Etretton Church Morning & Evening The Vicar. Stockton Heath St Morning The Vicar. Thomas' Church Evening Rev R S Ilioxon. Padilla° Church Morning The Vicar. Evening Rev 0 Vale Owen. Orford Church Morning Rev G Vale Owen. Evening Rev W Pollock Hill. hankey Church rnif n M i Ev°ening iltie Vicar. St Alban's (R C) Morning Rev Father Crow. Event:2g Rev Father Gibbons, St. sir • -..ary s, Latchford Morning & Evening Rev Father McGrath Cairo-street Chapel Morning A Or Evening Rev II W Lummie. o t Unitarian Chapel Aftesnoon Rev A H Dolphin. Wycliffe Church Morning A /h Evening Revd Yonge 1 -d-street Wes Church Morning Rev 0 If Hocken, Evening Rev T Bishop. -rasY-road Wes Church Morning Rev Littler. /‘ Evening Rev C It Hocken. althford Wes Church Morning & Soy Evening Mr A Perkins, Bridges Wes Church Morning Mr Evans, Pehl, Evening --eth Wee Church Morning & kn. 'Evening Rev M Bandies, D.D. —re Wes Church Morning & If e Evening Rev H 0 Roberts. . ~ w_q, inscroft Wes Church Afternoon Mr I Horton. "h Church, Croat:told-et. Morning & Evening Rev W J Roberts. Friars green Church Morning & Zueb, Evening Mr E Ralphs. " -eV-street Chapel Morning & St / Evening Mr E Wibberley. -ehn's Prest•yterian Morning & Church Evening Rev 3 L Milne, B.C. caulannel Church Morning & Evening Rev II T Reed. Rill Cliffe Baptist Church Morning & Evening Rev J S Hughes. Wash Evening Baptist Church Morning & Golk.. Evening Rev 3 F Matthews -c-Tne-street Baptist Morning A ' Church Irt Evening 17 ev 3 T Schofield. gher-lane L Ba tist Morning & Church ' Y" PEvening Student, Manchester Rail College. Working ay Mission Evening Miss Green. Quay Men's Mission Bank Morning & Ntlay Evening Mr Eckersley (of Leigh). 13riek-st Cha l MARCH 24. reet Pe Morning Pc -_____ Evening Mr A Mounfield.

W. HGDOKINSON, LTD., ARE NOW SHOWING NEW SPRING GOODS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 46 AND 481 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

64.11QEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE 1.1 DID-," OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HUE SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOIL"

SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! SEEDS !! ! FOR VEGETABLE, FLOWER AND FARM SEND TO STARKEY AND MORRISON, GOLDLN SQUARE, WARRINGTON. CATALOGUES FREE BY POST. ALL SEEDS CARRIAGB PAID.

QPLENDID As.ortment of New Season's PAT- ..) TRRRB for our Celebrated 101. Eld. (to measure) TROITSBRSi. Wonderfully goad value. HAGUE AND CO. LIMITED, 85, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

MASSAGE AND ELECTSICITY.—Miss Bickford, cert cated Masseuse, receives or visits Patients for the above treatment. Soperfirmus hire removed by electrolysis, —Terms on application to 25, WILSIN PATTER-STREET. War- rington.

WARRINGTON GAS DEPARTMENT. RICHMOND'S• GAS COOKERS FIXED FREE UP TO 35 FEET OF PIPING. ORDERS NOW RECEIVED AT THE GAS OFFICE, MERSEY STREET, OR RICHMOND'S SHOWROOMS ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ALCOHOLISM. THE 81-CHLORIDIC OF GOLD HYDRO For the TRWITSII3vT OF DIUNICRUNT:9g and kindred disease, by 'means of the World-famed Bi-chlorlde of Gold Remedies is now opened In SOUTHPORT. FOB PAmpmarre AND TESTIMONIALS APPLY: F. B. WOLFRNDBN, SOUTHPORT. LIQUND- THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISFIIN TACREII.-100 Worms In Bag and Nines ; Hooks to gut. 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is tole 64 per dozen ; gut Casts, three yards 24d, 4d. 61 and 91 each: Gut Sotto ,us with one hook attached one yard 2d two yards 44,t hree yards 64; Floats,two for Id; procupines Id each; gentles in stook at 3d, 61 and Is per bnr WILL CHAMBERS, 25. MARKET-PU.OB. MANCIIIIISTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shelve).

ARTIFICIAL TEETH MOUNTED ON GOLD. PLATINUM. VULCANITE, EBONITE, &a, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. Tuousums OF I4VING TESTIMONIALS. J. HIGHAM (OF CROSS-LANE, EARLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CHARLES', 13, LEGR-SIREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 84, OXFORD-STREET, ST. HELENS.

SHARPLES, TAP/P4, AND CO., 7, BRAZENNOSE-STRIIIIT, MANCHESTER. ELECTRICAL ENOINIDIRS. Sole Agents for Stearn Incandescent Lamp. ESTIMATES FOR WIREING PREB. IMPROVED CINEMATOGRAPH for Hire on Reasona'Jle Terms. Telephone, 3,775.

GAS COOKERS. EXHIBITION OF FLETCHER, RUSSELL, AND CO.'S (LIMITED), GAS COOKERS, &C., Scc., ni THE ASSEMBLY ROOM, CONSERVATIVE CLUB. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINBTON. FROM MONDAY, MARCH 25TH, TO FRIDAY. MARCH 29TH. THE EXHIBITION WILL BE OPENED ON MONDAY, 25THIINST AT 7.30 P H., AND AFTERWARDS Open each day from 10.30 to 1, and 2.30 to 9.30 p.m. FREE LECTURES ON GAS COOKING ILION DAY. at 3, and 7.30 p.m. by MRS. H. M. YOUNG, First:Olam Dlplonme, etc., eta. FLETCHER, RUSSELL AND CO.'S (LTD.) GAS COOKERS, FITTED WITH PATENT REMOVABLE PORCELAIN ENAMEL LININGS, CAN BE HIRED FROM THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION GAS DEPT. AT LOW RENTALS. FIXED FRBE UP TO 35 NT. or PIPING.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. MYSTIFIED AGAINST. THEFT /INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAN. Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted 11, unrepresented Districts. A IENTS : Warrington r. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate Mr.W.H. RIME Y.Nesscllffe. Victoria-rd..LatchforS St. Helens " - J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydook Er. J. BILLINGE The Willows Elandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moorfleld House

CHESHIRE CODNIT COUNCIL. TO CARTERS, FARMERS. AND TEAM OWNERS. pIERSONS desirous of TENDERING for CARTING MACADAM and other Materials for the Main Roads, for the year ending 31st March, 1902,can obtain forms of Tender,and particulars of Material to be carted, at the County Surveyor's Office, Chester Castle, on and after Monday,the 18th inst,between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m., and on Saturdays between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. Tenders to be endorsed Tender for Carting," to be delivered at the said Office on or b?fore SATURDAY, the 30th instant. The Main Roads Committee of the County Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire County Council. Cheater, 13th March, 1901.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. SUN INSURED TN 1898 EXCEEDED £435,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. 3R. Pickrnere & Son Bridge-et Messrs Woods & Son. Commercial Chambers 55, Horsernarket-street. Mr. Louis A. Voi.ey, 21. Ring-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank—street.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CeIESTER will be held at the COURT HOUSE. KNUTSFORD, in and for the said Couaty on TUESDAY, the 9th day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empan- nelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- ford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Kmitsford, at the opening of the Court on TUESDAY, the 9th day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be Adjourned to the Castle of Chester, on WEDNESDAY, the 10th day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arisMe within the Hundreds of Brewton, Eddie- bury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester Dis- trict, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for Ithe Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, At the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 10th day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County ef Chester. Chester, 12th March, 1901.

ELECTION OF GUARDIAN% TO THE ELECTORS OF ST. AUSTIN'S No. 2 WARD: LADIES AND GENTLEMEst, My term of office having nearly expired, I once more offer my services as a Candidate for the position of Guardian for this Ward. I have been a member of the Board of Guardians fo- the I last three years. and during the time named, I have attended nearly every Board and Committee meeting. which has been held. As a member of the Relief Committee I have always strongly advocated and supported in giving adequate relief to the cases which have come before us, to treat the deserving Poor in such a manner as would help them to tide over their temporary difficulties and prevent their homes being broken ur, and if you again honour me with your confidence. I can assure you that no efforts of mine will be wanting to fulfil the duties of the positipn. I am, Irtmrs faithfully. THOMAS 11. ASHCROFT. 135, Sankey-street, Warrington. March Ist, 1901.

LAST WEEK OF PEND LEBURY AND COM PAIN I'S GREAT A NNUAL STOCKTAK IN G SALE. ALL lUST BE CLEARED BY :SATURDAY MARCH, 23, ALL SURPLUS AND SOILED STOCK TO BE SOLD AT ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS AND IRRESPECTIVE OF COST TO MAKE ROOM FOR NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. UNPRECEDENTED BARGAINS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT. SPECIAL REDUCTIONS IN LINOLEUMS, OILCLOTIIS, AND CARPETS. SEE WINDOWS AND COMPARE WITH PRICES ELSEWHERE. GENUINE SALE. FOR 14 DAYS ONLY, PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, FURNISHING WAREHOUSES. 12 AND 14 WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. •

WARRINGTON TRADES EXHIBITION. WADSWORTH'S PIANOS WERE A GREAT ATTRACTION. SIMILAR INSTRUMENTS MAY NOW BE PURCHASED AT 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WHOLESALE PRICES FOR CASH. EASY PAYMENTS ARRANGED. FINEST STOCK Or MUSIC IN TOWN.

• MAURICE MULCAHY WHOLESALE MERCHANT IN ALL KINDS OF BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIRDS,' PIGEONS AND POULTRY, 20 MILL-STRIIIiT (MARKET PLACE,) WARRINCITON.

A. AND J. MIAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, EICHMOND-STREBT, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. One minute's walk from Church-street Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined.

CLEARANCE SALE: PREMISES COMING DOWN BARGAINS IN VIOLINS. BOWS, MRS. BTO, NO RBASONABLB OFFER RIDFUSED. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ghana), RENSHAW-STRIIHT, LIVBRPOOL.

TRADESMEN and others In DifEaultles SHOULD eve= CONSTANTINE & Co.. Accountants, 71. Market St., MANCHESTER. Who will be pleased to advise Free of Charge.

THE W ARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME PROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS, LIMITHD. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY A(RNTS BICKERSHAW COAL), HELD ONTIOIs AND WHARF t ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Ofiloe : Maroon Street. Warrlneton

13 ITY YOUR BRUSHES, FROM THE WBLL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO 19, CHURCH MEET, WARRINGTON WE MAKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITION

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSRY-STREET. WARRINGTON. Napalm to Property punctuallylattended to.

ILLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING .1 Fan-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan titles &a., copied and lithographed.— BROOKS AND SaN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stook and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from 13111714 N SHILLINGS AND SIXPENOB to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. Including the round and Half-round always In stook. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards poet free.—BUSTANCIII AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-streat, Warrington. listabllshedlB64.

G_EDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Canistet 54., 104., and ls. 84. each. Wholesale by J. GIIDDBB AND SON. LTD WARRING TOH ESTABLIRBD 1833

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS. , SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. HOT AFFHOTHD BY DAMP. PRIOR 10s. TAILS OF PURR HAUL FROM Si. Su. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for PALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE Is. fin. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS : VV. B. S WERT M AY, 5, RANIILAGH-STRIIRT. LIVBRPOOL. (OPPOSITE OHNTRAL STATION).

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (oF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE ITSATHTHEY HAVE OPENED FA BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OUEEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, Ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGErro FOR " WELSBACH "INCANDESCENT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FREE.

J. M. PORTER. LIMITED 5,1fg.• I• '7l rel. MANAGER: MR, M. T. GILLIGAN. UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH THE LATE J. If PORTER. r*:477 0 j` • WHOLESALE AND ' RETAIL - FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMEN, 22, HORSEMARKET STREET • .44 e 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON. Af;l MA RK ET PLACE ALL KINDS OF FRESH FISH DAILY. TOWN AND COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY EXECUTED, SOUTHPORT SHRIMPS AND DRESSED CRABS A SPECIALITY. WENHAM LAKE ICE ALWAYS IN STOCK. OYSTER BAR.—BRIDGE STREET (OPPOSITE LION RoTBL). WHITSTABLE NATIVES, DUTCH, BLUE POINTS, AND ALL KINDS OF OYSTERS FRESH DAILY. Telegrams :—Salmon, Warrington. Telephone Numbers: 101 and 220.

FOR UP-TO-DATE FURNISHING GOODS AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, VISIT THE PIONEER CQMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. ENORMOUS STOOL—SPLENDID PREMISES. SEND 14'O1t ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE POST FREE NOTWITHSTANDING THE LOW PRICES, ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAIL' AY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN NOTE THE TERMS ARE CASH ONLY.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (By JIM THE LEADING MAYERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERT DEBCBIPTIoV. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Sliver Antlqnes, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. &a., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Panels by post. will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2001.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FE MU MAIM AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prises, Terms Moderate. A FIRM COLLBOTION OF PRO tOGRAPIIII for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Contineaal Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S • INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW.STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS LIIID NEVER FADE

MC DERMOTT, CASH FISH, POULTRY AND RABBIT SALESMAN. NEAR BRIDGE FOOT. LATCHFORD. FRESH. FISFI DAILY. AND SOLD FROM ID, TO 313 PER LB. LESS THAN OTHERS. DON'T PAY FANCY PRICES AT FANCY SHOPS. THE TRADE SUPPLIED.

FOR GENERLL STATIONERY, INCLUDING ACCOUNT AND RENT BOOKS FOR 1901, TOGETHER WITH A VARIETY OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL GOODS. GO TO T. CLARK'S, " EXA MINER" OFFICE, 33 MARKEI.STREHT, EARLESTOWN.

TOBACCO, CIutABETTES, ONUFFS XORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established Mears f

WANTED IN CANADA. Capitalists, persons with moderate incomes, Farmers, Farm Labourers young men desiring to learn farming, and Domestic Servants, for whom special arrangements are made. FREE GRANTS OF LAND In Orrranzo, MASIToB• and the NORTE WEST. Crown Lands in other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. NO RENT. FREE SCHOOLS. Low TAXES HEALTHY CLIMATE GROwING TRADE. INCREASING PROSPERITY. Pamphlets. Maps, reliable information and advice on all ma... era of interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominion, gratis and post free. Particulars can also be obtained from the Allan Dominion. and Elder Dempster Steamship Companies, or their local agents, or from the Canadian eacific Railway Company. Correspondence invited and personal interviews arranged Apply to the CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENCY 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SOUTHORNS, LIMITED ARE NOW SHOWING A Grand Stock of EASY CHAIRS, At Prices within the reach of all, COMMENCING AT 13/6 UP TO £lO.

NOTE ADDRES3-- COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, 38, 40 & 42, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 6366. Telegrams, "CURTAINS," LIVERPOOL.

Ind accomplish by violent measures what could not be done by peaceful ones. • Mr. Bice looked very white as he opened the garden gate, then with a policeman on either sick) of him he marched boldly and pompously toward, the house. (To be continued.)

1 There's nothing better than Starch for starching. You can't add anything to it that will really improve it. If it's good starch, pure starch, all the chemicals in the world won t make it better. Clothes last longer, retain their stiffness better, keep a whiter colour, when pure starch is used And Colman's Starch is an absolutely pure starch. coLmAN% 8111 CH Sold in s-lb., 3d-lb. and id. Boxes. See that Colman's name and the • Bull's Head are on the box.

1). RILES AND INDIGESTION CUR If you have PILBS do not neglect and allow them t assume worse forms; Fistula arty follow. KEY' S CURB is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, ontww;, 8 end bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on I'o Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestin Dizziness or Fainting Fits, Sick Headache, Disordered KJ and Blood. One bottle will convince you, price is. Sold by Beare Ltd., and all Chemists and Stores. L" aid from KEUT Y AND CO., HALIFAX.

.• 414 c _- - • - , 1 0- ARGE STOCK OF MANDOLINFS, BA4 J GUITARS, VIOLINS, tco. Speelitt Offer.—Guaral4te ITALIAN MANDOLINS, MAXIM'S name inside, Poitt Wood. Ornamented; 12s. 6d. Carriage paid. ARClllol,,iiir SONS. ST. RORGIIS' CRRSCHNT, TOP OF L' STISHIII, t SPOOL. Bsbabllehed 1548.

WOULD YOU HAVE SOFT VELVETY •..., 11 ' 1 nen use Of 4f: 66 ..f ~ .. - ; ..;., _..),, •, . . ' 1 t I ''',. •,.., , • , vo''' entirely , remove a;; I ROUGHNESSvCHAPS)I aie I TAN, IRRITATION, etc., Bottles in am.vßeEErynisAhmorteo time. 6d.,15,and25.6. CHELTENHAV„

Consumption Cured. ,- . . Bronchitis Cured. , , , , , , . ii, L.T. 4 ;,,-- 7 R ti lo (.6:-. wil • ..... „., lA. REPORTER Of the Birmingham Times - - I, '‘,- ‘ tbs V MR. GEORGE HODGRIN*ON, Of Rogers- loaned - recently on Mrs. Hill, living town, Co. Dublin, is a well-made young in Clarence-road, Four Oaks, Sutton • man of nineteen years, who stated to a Coldfield. Mrs.,Hill is fifty-four years of _ ,`" • reporter of the Irish Independent : age, and has endured much illness. "In the spring of 5898 I found that - " Four years Ago," she said, "I had a Draughts, -1411 my strength was going from me in an very bad attack of bronchitis, and had unaccountable manner, and I felt quite to call in a doctor. He attended me for unequal to work. Towards the autumn a long dine, but I kept having bad turns cold airs and damp, set up Bronchitis, I was- convinced that there must be on and off. Feeling dissatisfied, I ~. something seriously wrong with me, for obtained other medicine and took bottle I was losing rapidly in weight. The very after bottle, but the attacks came quite Toothache, Neuralgia, and .Coughs which Coughs, _ sight of food almost sickened me, and fts often, and seemed more severe. The later, I began to taste blood in my throat. bronchitis used to trouble me usually may ea dto sOmething much worse. You I frequently spat blood, and had a abbut one o'clock in the morning, and . feeling of oppression on the chest. the wheezing was so bad that I had to can defy these Climatic Dangers ff you keep , "I was at that time in the navy, from fight and *gasp for breath. Often I , which I was invalided. Doctors at thought I should choke. The cough up vitality and good health by feeding your Haulbowline Hospital, Queenstown, and exhausted me so that it would leave me here, diagnosed my utile as one of quite weak and worn out, with no strength blood.- There is rich blood-food, ready made, in phthisis, and held out but slight hopes of or life in rne. My legi used to ache badly, 'my recovery. • c, and I had ,dreadful pains in my ,back. , .' . "When •in England my father heard In vain I had every conceivable kind Of • • 9 • of a remarkable cure effected in York- medicine ; nothing did me any good. Dr.lifilliams Pink Pills for Pale People. shire by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for 0" Ote night, which turned out klucky Pale People, and he bought a box for (...,e for me, I read an article on the . , , me. After that one box I found an wonderful powers of Dr. Williams' Pink, unmistakable improvement, and. as I Pills for Pale People. I , thought I , Don't let that hacking Cough continue. You can continued, the symptoms gradually dis- would try a box, for \ I said my appeared. When I had taken three husban.d, ' They can't do me anyto harm. ' overcome it if you do as thousands already d 0... ... , boxes I had almost recovered my entire If thay cl, me no good, for I can't suffer ~ ... . . , worse than Ido now.' I wrote to London' namely, trust to this world-renowned family.. il,fr. . , 4 strength and health. In a few months I\ .A 3 A I was able to resume work. for a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, ~. , . • "My we, which had Becreased and before I had taken half the contents safeguard. These pills are not a purgative: ,to e ight ight stone, is now nine stone eight they began to do me good. I felt a . pounds, and my appetite is of the very different woman in no time. They they strengthen and are a safeguard best. Everyone, including the doctor, brought back my lost appetite, made me :. regards my recovery as wonderful." feel stronger and brighter, while the where there is weakness of the Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale cough got easier and better. The dread- People have cured not only chest com- ful night attacks Ilf coughing ceased, . . plaints, but paralysis, locomotor ataxy, and I felt like my old self, able to do my , rheumatism, and sciatica; also all work, and ready for my food. I have Chest. , diseases arising from impoverishment of taken only three or four boxes of the blood, anxmia. palpitations, pains Dr. William; Pinkyills for Pale People 1 ,- in the back, neuralgia, early decay, and and am in good health. They have done , . , A ~ _ all forms of female weakness. Genuine me So much good that I should like .- oi , ,-• " . • A only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink others 010 know about them. lam a . ' - •': iii ""4 ' 4 , tilt-. ii Pills for Pale People, and sold by strong .IJalthy woman now and able to - , \ vv. -.1,, t'et. it chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine do my work again, for which I have to - Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, at thank Dr. Williams Pink Pills." . . : 2s. gd. a box, or six boxes for 535. 9d. 0 ,

• LONDOri. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 341 TO ;0 LUDOATs HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, SUdTON LQUASH. HOME COMFORTS, CLEARLUCASS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPOBT.—SUNNYSIDS fiICDI3O, Physician ; Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter Sesidence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from is 6d per day, including Turkish Bulletin and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK. Proprietor.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RR-EATING BSOULD WRITE 20 LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. Tr:LEP/10XE 4E31 ETtL.MATES FREE AN 14T.LACE. BAR TABLES, COUNTER? -. Ac.

HARIOP BRW. AND COMPANY. PIIWTBRIIRS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DitIPLESS BEES-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22 BBIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2387. Lute Free,

DINING :and TEAROOMS; splendid position ; 49, Cross-lane, Salford, directly opposite Cattle Market ; commodious dwelling-house over and in rear of shop, con- taining p irlour, kitchen, tour large bedroorne, bathroom and lavatory, and two large cedars ; low rent for a term.—Apply 51, as above, or 39, ritICE-sTREET, Birkenhead.

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING ' RYDER LLOYD AND CO., BUSINESS BROKKRS AND VALUERS, NVITH RESPECT YO ANY =ID oF BUSINESS YOU MAY DESIRE To PURCHASE on SELL ; BUYERS SUITED FREE ; QUICK SALES AT MODERATri A FIXED CHARGES; NO CHAILGE To SELLERS UNLESS BUSINESS RESULTS; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED FOR CAsint, VALUATIONS MADE.—CALL. WRITE OR TELEPHONE. 0119. RYDER LLOYD AND CO., EsTABLIsHED 1837. 2k. OLD HAY MARKET. Opposite MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. £9—General, south ; trade £4 ; rent 76 c!ear ; £l2—Greengrocery, north end ; trade £6; really cheap. £l2—Chip Potatoes, trade £5 ; splendid stand ; low rent. £l6—General, Everton ; trade £6 ; nice house ; rent Bs. £lB—Boot repairing •. trade £4 ; good house ; rent 6s 6d. £2o—Confectionery, Birkenhead; nice stand ; grand value. £2s—Pork, Cooked Meats; trade £l2; high-c ass. £2s—Chandlery. Scotia; same hands nine years ; chance. £43—Publio Bakehouse. Everton ; trade £5 ' • rent Is 64. £36—Tobacco, btAionery, main road. south ; big stock. £4o—Tobacco. News. central ; trade £9 ; low rent. £4o—Pork Butche,'s ; trade £l4 weekly ; rent 9s. I .240—Laundry, high-class. Waterloo; [Tale £4 10s. weekly £4 J—Confectionery ; trade £6 ; well fitted; grand stand. £4s—Pork Butcher's, main road. north ; trade £l2; call. £4s—Sweetli, Tobacco; trade £6 ; nioe house ; rent 9s. £so—Bread, Flour, Confectionery ; trade £18; rare chance £63—Sweets, Minerals, beatorth ; trade £6 ; well fitted. £7o—Fish, Game, Poultry; trade £2O; big inventory, £7o—General. Edgehill ; trade £23 weekly ; rent 7s. £loo—Stationery, Fancies, main road. Klrkdale; big stoelc. —RYDER LLOYD and Co., 21A Old Haymarket, Liverpool.

HAN DedittS for Hire Is 6d per week. Handcarts new and second hand for sale.—JoaseToN 76, Park-road, and 36, Kirkdale-road, Liverpool, Telephone 251, Toateth.

kidALS, big towerful Cart or Lorry HORSE ; box cart and gears ; also Coal Cart, Light Larry, cheap ; also Mare suitable tor farmer, cheap; trial aliowed.—l, 1.11.103i24d-STREEI, Ashton Old-road, Ardwicg. Manchester.

Itlatbuiern, etc. . „ _ . . WANTED, some second-hand. Wood-working Machines ; awe price, alfiller, alld where beell.-39. NUTTALL- STRUT, hocbda,le,

A SPLENDID SKLIICTIO 01. Mest;nis wut, new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 n. Ce ntree bit to Edit, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by Eft square to 12.* by 41t square. Drilling sadist and Vertical. Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam lingines, Boilers. Tanks, Wood- working Machinery. etc.—PastruceroS, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford.

PATENT OFFICE. Haabßelted 1864. JOHN G. WILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., iinel P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET 3TILiT, M ANCH ES TER. NISIV 1900. HANDBOOK UItAII6.

pATENT Off PICW ANOBBSTER ILITABLISIIRD IN 183 b. Messrs. GRORGH DAVIlin& bON have ha,i mere than 40 years personal experiencein connection with this Ettabtish- meet and possesapraettoal knowledge of the cotton .woollen and iron manufactures. " Self -hetp to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," puke is. GRORGR DAVIRS, C.R., SON. 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

Manteb.

TOINERS are requested to KEEP AWAY FROM BLACK- ,/ POOL AND DISTRICT during the dispute. A LFRED SCOWCROFT. Lamb Hotel,Dukinfield is OPEN to BUY a few POMERANIANS and other breeds of dogs, cheap for cash.

WANTIS!). NO H fat. wornout ORSUS weekly, tor foreign trAde ; warranted to bo destroyed ; price from £1 to 4.— WILLIAM DaaarePsemaiat and Feather liotel.Oldham. BUILDBIIB WANTRD on a large estate In Liverpool near electric tram terminus. Liberal advancss to suitable rnen,—Apply J. W. B. HARDING, Arebizelt, 16 Cook ktreet Liverpool.

QTAMPS WANTIiD —Old Ceylon, Nova Scotia, New, foundland, Canada. and other British Colonials. Good prlres given. (A/auto:tit, 25, Larkspur-terrace, Newcastle- on-Tyne.

PAILTNIiR WANTBD. In Pork Bundle' hag with £203 to &SOO to develope co-operative system, sure fortune., Business already well established. imaiTINTINE & CO. ACCountanta, 71, Market-street, Manchester.

g RQUITY, to pay 14 per cent ;11 welt-built six-room houses, always well tenanted with st-cla s tenants .—Apply s. WALLEIEAD AND solve, Lyme- street, Warringtun. 9 -Jo BULLDRILS.—SUILisishui LArill sotoluts on Watt OS J. otherwise; Splendid position, houses in great demand; nu tie roads made.—J. OPAAROW, Manor swats, Levens- saanchester. fsfEIAOKRD TYRES restored by the British Tyre Restorer N,J Unrivalled fur mending punctures, splendid testi monis!' trum Cycle Agents. Tins is, 6d. and 2s. rams., Bailton, h,ugby.

RI TI G.— 250 Billbead I, Memorandums, circulars, 1. envelopes, labels. post-cards, do., ;beautifully Printed, 25. 6d. ; 60U, 35. 6d.; DB. 6d. ampies.-0. BUNKER, 34, hewgate-streec, X.C.

A STlCKA.—Severest cases cured by • Kasai,' a new Bast Indian remedy. iv° opium, perfectly harmle.s. Price 93, tid, Trial bottle, Is lid.-1/r. Dentate a bPLCDIIO 1./o, (Limited), 8, Jullu-otreet, Adelphi,

L'OH SALH, Musical Grandfather CLOCK, in splendid con, .1 dition ; also Uld Oak Cabinet and Carved Oak L.Liest genuine.—Fer particulars or to view address LORD. 970 Ashton Old-road, Cpenshaw, Manchester, JKIHttOLU Olior, In centre of Warrington, for Sale chance seldom met with, good tenant, who would be gind to take a lease.—Apply to cPENCELI WALLHEAD t DO2l, Lyme-street, liorsemarket-street, Warrington.

LIBVERAL small BLOCKS of first-rate HOUSES FOR 0 !MLR in Stockton heath, Pay a fair Interest—Apply to JOHN YEMBERToN, HeatHCOG, otockton Heath, Or SPENCER WALLHEAD AND SON, Lyme-street, Warrington. Ak VALUABLE RECIPE for brewing ale and stout for 1-1. cottager'. cost to make about 4d per gallon; no ex- pensive utensils required ; post free 6 stamps.—ElCKAßDe, atapley Cottage, Harold Mews. St Leonard., Cum:.

•HOW TO ENSURE medical work giviog Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Loosdele Square. f.arnsbury, London, N.

VIOLIN.—Fice oopy Stradivarius, grand tone, first-olasa V Instrument Drawing-room or Orchestra. Sacrifice 225. 6d case included. Genuine bargain; approval.—Miss ADAMS, Winly Arbour, Sneyd Green. Hanley, Staffs. RHRUMATISM AND PARALYSIS. —Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free 01 receipt of post- card. Address :—PLELISEERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints. Manchester.

_NUB von ill ? If you are ill, try Gelb Pills, the most Effective preparation ever discovered fir the cure of Disease, for Indigestion, General Weakness, Nervousness. Rheumatism. Inflammation, Neuralgia, Constipation, Blood PoiliOnilig &els and 26 9d per box.- T LAtxd,ll9 Skene-street Aberdeen.

WHO'S YOUR LAWYER? I haven't required one since I bought of Croeby Lockwood don, 7. Stationers' Hall Court, London, B.C. a copy of • laVilitY MAN HIS OWN LAWYBR.' by a BARRISTER, price Bs. Bd., post free, which has been repaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers' feee.

A NTIQUID FURNITURB —A large stook on Sale of LX chippendale and oak chairs, shield back chairs, carved oak and mahogany chests, corner cupboards, oak gate tables, square and twisted legs, old china, pictures, &c.; furniture bought, sold, or exchanged.—J LIGHT. Liverpool-toad kelmersdale, near Ormskirk.

rro 814 SOLD.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works. tat ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land' With siding to the railway. buitahle for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address lionasG, 16, Fenwlck- treet. Liverpool.

DESIRABLE VILLA RESIDER OES,charmingly situated, adjoining " Summerville," Latchford. TO Bid oOLD OR LET; Entrance Hall, Two Entertaining Rooms. Bath. w c., and all modern oonveniences. Also LAND for VILLA RESIDENCES (Freehold or otherwise) Te be sold or leased in plots as required —Apply F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, 27, ER Mary'a-street, Warrington.

BE WISE IN TIME AND FURNISH AT prr TB'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER Oust past Station, through Railway Arch). ALSO AT p ITTS 9 PANTHEON GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISHERS. PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY. &Os GRANDEST DISPLAY IN ENGLAND. OVER 300 FEET OF SHOW WINDOWS. THIRTY THOUSAND POUNDS SELECTION. HE THAT WOULD THRIVE MUST SEE THE WHITE SPARROW, says an old German proverb, and as this particular ram avis—we are informed—can only be discovered in early morning, the desire to see it neces- sarily entails the cultivation of the habit of early rising. We have never yet encountered anyone who has gazed upon its snowflake plumage, but the time devoted to the endeavour by the would-be discoverers has certainly not been wasted if it has taught them to be early and wideawake. It is very necesrary indeed, nowadays more than ever, to be both. For instance PITT WS ARE CONSTANTLY OFFERING UNIQUE BAIMAINsi and those people who visit us promptly get the pick or them. When we advertise anything that might suit you, do not stand upon the order of Seeing it but inspect it right away, otherwise smarter bargain-hunters may have secured it when you apply too late. Our estab- lishments are not museums, where obsolete article. are kept from month to month. No, they are busy marts of com- merce with large and quick turnovers constantly, although our announcements are often changed occasionally, We can- not possibly alter them quick enoegh to keep pace with the output, so to prevent diseppointment call early at PITTS'S, in LONDON-ROAD and GAYTHORN. P'S FAR-FAMED DOUSES OF FURNI- TUBE, at 15f, 22/ 28/, 38/, 50, 75, 100. 200, up to 1,000 guineas are renowned for superlative excellence and thorough aurability. They rhalleage the most critical jodgment. Their MARVELLOUS VALUE is simply astonishing. It is the bounden duty of everyone to see them before decriding,as connoisseurs consider each is honestly worth DOUBLE the price asked. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs priced, post free. Cash prices only geoted. Deferred payments arranged salting ' convenience. PITTS'S COMPIATE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 22/ guineas, equal to what expensive city firms aharge £4O tor, contains artistic SITTING-ROOM SUITE, in Leather, consisting of tasteful couch or sofa, war of easy chairs and set of arnalichairs, substantial dining-table, carpet or floorcloth, nice design bearthrug, brass-bar fender and a set of brasses, cornice rod arra pair of curtains. KITCHEN has strong dresser and set of chairs. rookiag and arm chairs, round, square or fall-leaf table, fender, fire-irons, floorcloth, and rug square, : Serviceable suite, polished or enamelled, cane chairs., towel rail, toilet services, strong full- size bedstead, wire spring mattress, overlay, bolster, and two pillows carpet or liaorc'ottr. and fender. HALL. STAIRS. and LANDiNG : Carpet, fooroloth, stair rods and earas, brass doorplate, cocoa and door mats. Really splendid value. DITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE for One Hundred Guineas, equal to what expensive city firms charge £2-,0 for. Bight rooms, each containing requisite number of tasteful, durable articles. Space forbids details. but the DraWing-room is in Rich Tapestry, Dining-room Leather. Sitting-room Saddlebags - First Bedroom, American Walnut; Second, Mahogany ; Third, Satin Walnut; Fourth Decorate s ; Kitchen, Scullery, Hall, Stairs, Landings. Car pets. Rugs, Floorcloths. Unquestionably a marvellous bar- gain. 111DITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, I A' AIL CARTS, BEDSTEADS. CARPETS. LAMPS CHINA. GLASS, EARTHENWARE. Magnificent Selec- tions. Astounding value. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwiek and Longsight Cats); GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass ithe door). Established 1845. National 'Telephone, 1,124

LEA-FRANCIS CYCLES PATENT "TRIP MOTION," NOW ON VIEW ATI J. S. GARLANDS 31, 53 AND 35, BRIDGE-STREhT, WARRINGTON ALSO QUADRANT k_, (-1 HAINLESS VAYCLES WITH CROSS-ROLLER GEAR. PREMIERS AT 10, 13, AND 16, GUINEAS. EXCEUIORS AT 10, AND 14, GUINEAS. NEW RAPIDS win( 8 INCH CRANKS AND 84 GEAR. RIDING MADB COMFORTABLE, AND HILL CLIMBING EAST SOLE AGRNTS:- J. S. GARLAND, 51 53, AND 55,BR1DGE-STRERT WARRINGTON MONTHLY PAYMENTS OF El TAKEN.

• TRIUMPH CYCLES .210 108. OD. AND £l5 15s. OD. SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS HITCHINGS LIMITED, 74 BOLD STREhT LIVERPOOL. TRADESMEN'S DELIVERY TRitCYCLES A SPECIALITY. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

SIDE AND 00'8., CYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD MEET LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING WORLD RENOWNED MAKES: PREMIER, SINGER. GLORIA, R. AND P., MOHAWK, JAMES. AND GLOBS OYOLRO. Price List tree on application. Repairs and Sundries. Free Wheels fitted. Cycles on, hire. Telephon.- 7094.

eIYCLIIS I CYCLBS I Immense Bargains. Free inns- trated List containing 1,6C0 New and Second-Hand Machines from 30s. to Li. Marvellous Bargains in 1901 Machines. Five Hundred New Machines, 1901 Make, from £2 17s. 6d. Single Machine at Wholesale Prices. Access- ories of every description at half usual Price. Large List Free, any address. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.— W.artHILOW & Co.. Cycle Manufacturers, Weston-super-Mare.

CENTAUR CYCLES. FAMOUS SINC.E 1676. These world-renowned machines are now within the reach of every one. The new 1901 Model more than uphold their great reputation, yet a genuine Centaur fully guaranteed eau be bought for £lO 10s. WHY BUY AN INllaltlo2l MAKE WHEN THE BEST COSTS NO MOILS 2 Catalogue and full particulars from THE CENTAUR CYCLE 00. LTD.. COVENTRY. or T. DAINTITH, Bridge-Areet, Warrington, W. BOOTH, 139, Church-street, Runcorn.

I COVENTRY CEO ES CYCLE £lO ,10s. £l5 15s. AND £lB 18s. WITH 1901 DUNLOP TYRES, FRODSHAM T. BOOTH 'nem] DEPOT ST. HELENS A. H. SMITH, 23, CORPORATION STREET. WIDNES W. HouGHTON, ST. MICHAELS TERRACE, DITTON. BARLBSTOWN P. HOLT WARGRAVE-ROAD LYMM H. COPELAND. CYCLE DEPOT. LIVERPOOL HITORINGS LTD, 74. BOLD-ST 31ANChESTER DEPOT 134, DEANSHATB.

HARDIE'S Have the following BARGAINS IN CYCLES. Having purchased several Firms' Stock, we oNer below some of them, which are slightly soiled : BARD ROAD RACERS, complete, with Tyres, Lamp and Bell, £7 BARD, LADIES', complete aa above, ‘g7 15s. SIATER, LADIES', complete with Tyree, Handsome Gear Case, Lamp and Bell, 212 10s. HARDIE ROAD RACES (own make), complete with Tyres, Lamp, and Bell, £7 10s. HARDIE, LADIES' (own make), corn- -13. and Bell, plebe w, Lamp, TANDEM, lIGET'S (own make), £l4 AND NUMEROUS OTHERS. WE ARE OFFERING EXCEPTIONAL • BARGAINS FOR 14 DAYS. NO REASONABLE OF MEE REFUSED. Conte early out doubt the largest in the Provinces. and Inspect our stook. which is witlq. Note Addresses: HARDIE, BERRY-ST., LIVERPOOL. HARDIE, 182, GRANGE ROAD, BIRKENHEAD. 'HARDIE, 116, IBRIGIITON STREET, SBAIJOHBE.

F4ADES GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURB GOUT. " Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,B. EADN'S GOUT PILLS CURII RHEUMATISM. "Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr 53, New Lloyd-street. Kirkstati-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 68, Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB SCIATICA. "Your pills cured me in two days.''—E J Macdonald, 79. Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills."—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hinover-st.,Leeds. EADES GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE HEAD. " I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb. 35, Parkside-street, SAY, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."— Phiii p Bran'. 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURB PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest so got yoar pills and soon got relief."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenlaays, Manchester. EA.DE'S ciour PILLS. ThE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxford-street, Cortiville East. Leicestershire. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURB. " After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatio pains since."—W. White. 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, sue sex. E D' S GOUT PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some Ole worth a guinea a abox; If that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar. E EAD'4 GOUT and IitiEUAIATIC PILLS Are Sold by all Chemists, In bottles, ls. 1 d. and 2s. Id.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232. Goswell-road, London.

EEGUS FOR SITTING from pure bred Black Minorca.. m White Leghorn., and Buff Orpington., 2. 64 per sit- Rug; no Sunday business. —J Huai:us, Bruche Heath, Priaitate, Warrington.

'Q.ITTIBGB of EGGS, White Leghorn!. Barred Plymouth L. 7 Rocks. Golden Wyandotte, and oilver Wyandotte!. Indian Runner Ducks, 34 64 pet sitting. UGi BAKER, Oak Rouse, Lycliate, Llvetpool,

E'. from the following selected pens :—Buff Orpington Buff and Barred Plymouth Books, Buff Leghorn., Black fAinorcas, dioucians, Anconas ; Sc sitting; carriage paid. KFIGHLIST, Stone Bridge, Longridge, Preston. BLACK Orpington BOOS 35. Rd. and 25. 6d., White Leg- horns, 2s. od. per doze.. ; also Black Itoeecomb Bantam hggs from my Palace and valry, etc. winning strain; lOs ed for 15, Furroaxn, Bur.cough Mills, buracough, near Ormskirk.

BVAIIIIED HOCKS IiGGIS.—A limited number of Sittings will be booked at bs. per sitting. Pen contains seven excellent puliets, Mrs. Jackson's strain ; mated with a grand Cook direct from Mr. Chrirues', a noted winner, and should produce some grand exhibition birds. Also a low sittings from a grand pen of Black Mlnorcas, Garlick's direct 3s. 6d. per sitting.—Mrs. Jeacsoze, witi.on Village, near Preston, Lancashire.

uaGs FOtt StrtlNa.—Langehans, White Bratanas,Lanca- ..Ll shire Buffs, Buff Cochin". Butt Orpingtons, Black Orpington.. Barred Plymouth Rocks, Golden Wyandottes, Sliver Wyandottes, ludixj (tame, Houdens, Ancona", Black Leghorn', White Leghorn', Butt Leghorn", Brown Leghorns, Black Minorca", and Three Cr. Asses lor Table and Laying r— houden-Game, Game-Buff Orpington, Brown ' Leghorn Golden Wyandotte, Eggs all one price, viz i-2; 6d per sitting than who latch them ; 3s If packed In box and put an rail. Open every any except Sunday. No business done on Sundays.—HENßY LiazPsitis, Hather's Farm, Lowton St. Mary's, near Newton-le- w Blows.

IL TOIL BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND 4171 TAR, bpeciallet in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUEZ-STRBBT. WARRINGTON.

MISS BERTHA BOUCEIIER, A.L.U.M., it 3 prepared to receive PUPIL for the Violin. Lessons at own of pupils' residence, or on Mondays at Mr Sutton's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms. &c, on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-ROAD, Stockton Heath.

M.AA CHESTE OftAMMAR iSt.diUOL FR £4 4s. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins WHONRSDAY, APRIL 10th. RNT.RhfiCE EXAMINATION. the same day at 9 am.. when the High Master will be at the school to see parents of Candidates for Admission. Prcspectuses, forms of Application, Am, may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house In connection with the School, is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

ADY residing at LOVELY oliAblDli PLACE offers corn- Li home to another lady ; near station and beach ; terms moderate.—Address tales TURTOI4, 57, bweden-street, Waterloo, near Liverpool.

ROBERT LOWE, /MATH AGENT, AUOTIONE RR, AND VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. Yi ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 65. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Ao., warehoused. BY:MR. THOMAS TUNST ALL.

SALE OF BUILDING MATERIALS. TO Bli SOLD BY :AUCTION BY. MR. THOMAS TUNSTALL, at the TOWN HALL on WEDNESDAY, the 20th MARCH at 6.30 p m the MATERIALS of the following Properties to be pulled down, subject to the conditions of sale to be then produced The Shops and Buildings between Bridge Foot and the Basket Stage lit Mersey,street recently ,coupled by Messrs Crabtree, bummers and okrs. YON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, 2nd March, 1931.

POSTPONEMENT OF SALE FROM 13Tit To &TN MARCH 19A. ON WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20, 1901. CORPORATION SALE 010 SURPLUS LAND. rr 0 BE SOLD BY MR. THOMAS TULS STALL at the TOWN HALL on Wednesday the 20th March at 5 o'clock SURPLUS LANDS from the Widening of Bridge- ' street and Friars-Aate in the following Lots :-s- LoT 1. Having a frontage to the new street leading from Rylands-street to Friars-gate containing 8.3 i square yards or thereabouts, ' Lop 2.—,sdjoining Lot 1 containing 89t square yards or thereabouts. LOT 3.—Having a frontage to Friars-gate containing 147 square yards or thereabouts. LOT 4.—Having a froutage to Friars-gate, adjoining Lot 3, containing 150 square yaras or thereabouts. LOT s.—Having a frontage to Friars-gate, adjoining Lot 4, containing 149 i squard yards or thereabouts. LOT S.—Having.a frontage to Friars-gate, adjoining Lot 5, containing 150 square yarns or thereabouts. LOT 7.—Having a frontage to Bridge-street. of 25i feet and containing 194 square yards or thereabouts. The Lots will be offered for Sale Freelaold or on Lease to suit Purehasers. Plans and particulars can be obtained at the Borough Sur- veyor's Galae after the 27th instant. 3. LYON WHITTLE, . Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 2nd March, 19.11.

L 150,000 At from 3i per cent.to be Advanoed on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in mums to suit t,Jrrowers,in any part of the country.—J. W. Itkanza, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

MAURICE AND Me ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PUIWHAoIf OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD 00INn AND CURIOS, Old Gold aud liver, Uid•fashioned Jewellery,. Diamonds, Watches, Plate. &a., to., lIIGHBET PRIOR GIVEN AT 11-1111 YORBIUN EXCHANGE, 47, LIMN-STREET. LIVRRPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.B.—Money advanced upon Dlamonds,WatcheeJewellery, &a., at low rates. •

.£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, .£3O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVAPELY to TRADES- FARMEAS, WORKINGNINN, and all Respect- Atte klousebolders, on their own seouzity, without delay. On your simple written promise to pay back. Falit AND HUNOURABLS DISALINGS. BVIIRY INFORMATION FRuBLY UIVBN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL sr.sTrox. MANAGER : JOHN B. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO Elmo. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., 121, MEMEY b'rttEET WARKINGION. Tits ABOVE COMPANY Is PEEPALED To advance Loans to respectable householders, ihopkeepers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MOUTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINCITUN.

THE BEST LINIM.EN.T OF THE AUE 13 GRATTON'S EMBROCATION. USBD BY ALL TUB LEAD- IAU YOUT6ALL ()build.

, TOWLE'S : CELLOBODYNE - Renowned for r i • ' COUWIS _L 0 W LE'S CHLOEODYNE • consumption. 11 OWLE'S CHLORODYNE BSONOHITISi Asthma, Br LURNZA, TOWLE'S GILORODYNE spasms. D LtitiaicE A. g 1 s TOWLE'S VHLOR OD YN E 4 does for Ss. ASK FOR TOVi'Lß'd ; TAKS NO OTHER.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. LEECH BROS. & CO., IRONMONGERS. 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. After over 30 YEARS' trading, are now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH. BARGAINS. LONG DISCOUNTS Clocks and Bronzes Gas Fittings 25 Ellacble Mantelpieces 2O . Grates, Ranges, Tiled hearths .... Furnisning Irenmongery 10 CUTLERY, PLATE, TONGS, COALBOXES. ART METAL WORN, ac., AC. GREAT BARGAINS. HIGH DISCOUNTS. LEECH BROS. & CO,/ 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER.

YOUR Old) SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS, TEA AND COPPER SETS Re-plated with pure Silver, and a written Guarantee to Wear for TEN YEAjtS. firet-filass quality. J. AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, dILVIIR, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12, MOUNT-PLRAbiNT LIVERPOOL, JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCKETS, .to., RE-GILT, from 6d.

T 0 HE SAFEST MEDrCINE FOR BILIOLS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, FsUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LOSS or APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSP.PSLL. 11E,AST. BURN, LOWNESS OF sPIRITs, GIDDINESS, &C. AS A LisliBRAL FASIILY AYERIIS/VX SLEDICINII 4.:1 DR. SCOTT'S PILLS I AR IS U SliQ DAL LesD, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, ' are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain in ' theit curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different seefetions, (musing the necessary organs of ' the Stomach and Liver to rohnne their activity, thus , restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. . DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, IsgYMOUR PLACE, LONDOR W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead,but insist upon having the rightthing, which iswrappeti, in a square green package. By Poet for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER. MAROti 15th, 1901.

2/6 "'"o,o„',l' PixEciRuDIEDA)L QUART SCOTCH AND littsil WHISKEY. ;ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. FULTON BROS., WINE MERCHANTS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. f. (2 Minutes' from Central and Lime-street Stations).

NO MATTER THE SIZE OF' YOUR FEEL'. YOU'LL BE PROUD ON THEM IF YOU WEAR ALP TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. YOUR FIRST PURCHASE MEANS YOUR CONTINUED PATRONAGII3,II 45, HORSEMARBET , STREET, 45, WARRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

WANT&D, at once good PLAIN 000 K. wages £2O to £25, exoel'ent situation near Warrington.—Apply MISS HUDSON. Irlarn-atreet. Warrington.

WARTBD a YOUTH to attend to a horse and make him self generall . useful In the house. For Higher Broughton Manctiester.—lisildress B.IL, • •RXLMINEII " Office Warrington

ROYAL AJAX CYCLES.' ON MONTHLY PAYMENTS • t 1/4 - Enormous Stock. New %VIVA and second-hand. From kVI 10!. MONTHLY Carriage - 4 um. V. paid. Illustrated PRICE. aLnlySlaScurEesOsS.T If 11 BB to %kV el JINNI THE BRITISR CYCLE MANUFACTURING Co, (1901) Ltd., 43, Evertun ltd. Liverpool. Branch 23 Mancheater Bt. LiverpooL (Established i 887.)

OHMYS CIRCUS. Clowns Sue the Proprietor for Wages. An interesting case, remitted from the High Court, came before Judge Coventry, at Preston County-court, on Tuesday. The plaintiffs, Lloyd Brothers, musical clowns, of Barnsley, self d the defendant, Mr Joe Ohmy Smith, proprietor of " Ohiny's Circus," at present per- forming at Preston, to rec)ver £23, one week's salary for services rendered. Mr Wright stated that plaintiffs wrre engaged by defendant for the week ending January 28tb,at a salary of £23, plaintiffs, to give a couple of turns nightly, and abide by the rules of the circus. The whole case turned upon that unfortunate event, the death of th 3 Queen, which occurred on Tuesdayasnuary 22. Plain- tiffi had given their performance to everybody's satis- faction on the Monday. Mr Ohmy heard of the Queen's death shortly after seven o'clock, but did not promptly close the circus. The house was rapidly filling, and at 7.3 o—the time for the porformance to begin—the place was packed. After plaintiffs had given their turn Mr Obrny informed the audience that under the circum- stances it was only right that the performance should terminate. Tickets were given at the doors for the matinee on the foil iwing Saturday. Plaintiffs afterwards gave their performance nightly, and also at the matinee. On the Friday a notice was posted up in the circus to the effect that a ' half-night's pay would be deducted from each artist's salary owning to the abandonment of Tuesday night's performance. When one of the plaintiffs went for their salary he was informed :by Mrs Ohrny that £1 13s 4d would becleducted. Be said he;would take the £2l 6s Bd, but would only sign for that:amount, whereupon he was told that unless he signed for the whole amount he would get nothing, The sole issue, counsel said, was whether defendant had a right to make the deduction. The rules laid down were that "If there was no play, there should be no pay," but he contended there was a play on the night in question. 11!s Honour gave a verdict for plaintiffs for the amount claimed, with costs.

MagY More MOtberS would bake at home did they know the ease with which success is achieved by using Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour. The disappointment of former had results causes many to forego the enjoyment of home- made bread and pastry. With Paisley Flourall this is changed. Mix i part with 6 to 8 parts ordinary flour, make into a dough with milk and bake at once, and you will have an evenly-raised and pleasantly- flavoured loaf or scone. Beginners get good results, the experienced are delighted. Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour Makes successful baklngo.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound lINGLISH LFEVBR on the Market. Presaot Factory 20 'FRAM' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Sliver Cases from 3as. Hunters from £2 12s. 13d. Liverpool Agent: R. RIIBENS, 15 & 16. ST. JOHN'S-LANE, tiverwooL. Also WALTUAM WATCHI39 in Gold, Silver, and Gold. filled at Lowest Price, Current.

BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS. DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY. ALL ARTICLES PRICED IN PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. FOR CASH. J. S. GARLAND. FURNISHING IRONMONGER. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WILLIAM CREAMER AND CO),. FURRIERS. Have Specially Manufactured for their Annual Display, An Blaborate and Unprecedented Collection of SMART FUR G'ARME'NTS. CONSISTING OF FASHIONABLII COATS, COATICHS, °APRS, WRAPS, RUGS. GLOVES, FUR NRCKLItTS. MUleFd, AND 8112 S OF pun. nc.. &c. 5,000. 01101011 ARTIOLICS FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS. 5.000. At Prices from 10s. to 900 Guinean. FURS ARS THR MOST USSFUL OF ALL NHW YR/MS PRESEINTS. MANUFAOTORIBS AND SHOWROOMS. 56 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

ELECTRIC LIGHTING BY H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, ELECTRIC LIGHTING A spRaIALITY BRIM AND THLBPIIONN& ESTIMATES GIVEN.

VERY SPECIAL. A FEW FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALES EQUAL TO NEW. SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS, BEO= One Pale of Handsome Silver-plated FISH CARVERS price 3s. 6d the pair. Six Mrs of FISH EATERS, only 74. Gent's heal Silver-mounted Ebouy WALKING STICK price only 2s. 6d. Lady't 51v.r W.tTCh, jewelled movement, an accurate timekeeper, prAce only 7s. 6d. Lady's Solid Silver-mounted UMBRELLA, 3s. 6d. Gent's Solid Sliver-mounted UMBRELLA. 31. 6d. A very neat Pair of OPERA GLASSES. 2. 6d. Heavy Gold WEDDING RING (9 carat), 9s. 6d. A 22-carat Cold WEDDING SlNG,good thickness,only 15s. Lady's Solid Gold and Real Diamond Buckle RING only 4s. 9d. AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLE d, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL ME dtANTS, 116 to 120 BROWNL.W-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

CARRIMIE LAMP MAKSR. EDWARD BINNION, 4 AUDLEY SPREET, LONDON ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

~;i110.1.40 THE ANGLO AffERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION _ (LIVERPOOL), LID. 72, PRINCES ROAD, CORNER UPPER WARWICK ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS (FREE. 'MANAGING DIRECTOR :- DR. LA GRANGE

Boom business grows and grows A -,be- cause new customers are constantly realising the worth of Our goods and the benefit of our low prices. Here are a few articles of the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents : PERFUMES make very acceptable [presents for young or old. Good quality, 64. site 64., Is. size Sid. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opoponax, Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hay. Wood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Bettles,ls. 64. size Is., 21. 64. size Is. 94. PARMA VIOLETS In Bottles from Is. 34. In Artistic Cases from Is. In Cot Glass Bottles from 2s. 64. TOILET ARTICLES are always' useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance at this short list will show you some of the ace things we keep in this line. Hair brushes from Is 64, Dressing Combs from 64, Hand Mirrors from Is. Nail Brushes, Pull Boxes, Tooth Brushes,Pocket Combs, Tooth Pow- der Boxes, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS IN GREAT VARIETY. Honey. Curd, Elder Plower, Brown Windsor. 2d. per tablet, 8 tablets for Is. Glycerine and Cucumber, White Rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 2i4. per tablet, 5 tablets for le. Castile Soap, did per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows . Violette de Parma. Grey Oatmeal, Marshmallow and Glycerine, Cold Cream and Honey, usual 64.. tablet for 3/d 15. 63. box 104. We can recommend this particular line of choke Soaps with all confidence. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5,, BRIDGE-STREDT, WARRINGTON. Arm Ar 20, ALBREIT ROAD, WIDNES, BRIDGB EITHBHT, RUNCORN, AND 27, POST OFFICE AROADB. ACCRINGTON.

JOHN BROWN & CO ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (REITADLIEIHED 25 'nem) ALL CLAsSES OF BUSINRSS TRAMBIIRRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGHD. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN-ST. LIVBRPOOL.

'KRAT7:ING POWDER. I KEATING'S POWDE KEATINGS POWD R. ,Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Hills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Mills Flews, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. BW BELLOWS, 9d., ; Tina 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., lb W BELLOWS, 9d.; Tll2B, 3d., 6d., 1/- I\TE Ellis Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Nold in This, 3d,,, 6r1., and is., also in the new filled Bellows, 9d. KILLS- PLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS PLBAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES, AND JACKETS. GREAT BARGAMS. CYCLE CAPES FROM 2s. 11n. GENTLEMEN'S sACICOATS Fuom:l4s. 11D. J. E. :HUGHES AND SONS, 36, PARADISE-STREET (OFP CHURCH-STREET). LIVERPOOL. LATS. ST. Chcosakc's OHTFICENT. A FEW ODD GARMENTS PROM ss.

JOIIN FINLAYSON. TAR POPULAR JEWELLER, HUM EMARK ET-STREET, WARRINGTON IS NOW SHOWING all the latest and newest designs In GOLD AND SILVER JEW ELLERT, PLATE, for the present season.

HENRY LEE AND CO.. G.KORGE LIMITED, BASNETT STREET, LIVMPOOL, HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE, OF 8IIIIPLU& AUTUMN AND WINTER STOCK. --- GREAT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Emnalscimi - SUES. DRESS MATERIALS, HOUSE. HOLD LINENS, LACES, HOSIERY, GLOVES. MANTLES, COSTUMES, MILLINERY, LADIES' OUTFITTING. BMWS AND SHOES, UMBRELLAS, WATIMPROOFS, SILVER PLATE, JEW HURRY, FANCY GOODS, sc. BASNETT SI REET, LIVERPOOL.

Ashton-ln-Makerfield,Earlestovrn, Colborne, Lowton, & Winwlek. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, .Blsdkpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleervood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham. Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston. Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mall Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield. Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, BUEIOII, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Walee,Preston,St.Helens. Southport. and S .411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield,Barlestown, Colborne, Lowton & Wlnwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockport. ,and all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts .Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—Geneml Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, Son-OincEs, AV) W txm Boxes ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: -,EIVING HOUSE— WEEK-DATA. Rariestown I 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1.30, and 8 p.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Prodslaam, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Mast Lancashire Yorkshire, Durham. Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester' Liverpool. Birkenhead S outhport, Present. Wigan, Orms- kirk Widu .s & Farlesion n London. Foreign. and the South Xl!diand Counties & South Wales Preston, N0r..13 Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester • ..... . Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales. and Ireland elasgOw, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S - /la-stern. Midland, Northern, Hastern Counties, Lancashire Croft.Padgate, W 'piston, Stockton Heath and Stratton Lonaon & Foreign, South, and S - Rast,Jrn Counties CLARKE'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either Itpc. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the *mars, Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from trcur-y. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. ,701, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor through- et the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The ualoin and Midland Counties Drug Company Advt. .„ PLontLINE —rola THIS TElrra A.XD BRISLT -ThOrOlely ',Rinses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden Mums, previ_oto ;tartar, stops decay, and gives to the .oth „ peculiar ')ear It whiteness and a delightful fragrance r the breath. Price ?di. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the 'loriliue Ponder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. '4 dill t VALIJABLE Din JOFERY FOR 'rlar rLaiß,—lf your hair Is ijrnillg grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HALE ...I,3NEWER, for it will positively restore. in every case, grey or 7 he hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly LeAutif ul, as we Las promoting the growth. Price 3e 6d l'!".! bottle. —A d st•

Dales'T. a wonderful waterproofer of BOOTS & HARNESS. Sot tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. ing with blacking. COLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST e AWARDS. • e 3 Tins rd. ód., II- isi• 2/6 0/ Boot . a srr,ubbint Makers, Saddlers, .Ironnstneeorr cfr.c. Manufactory Dulwich, London.

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Suppip to Countrp mansions, hotels, and public Buildings, 4c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, W.C. WORKS: GREENWICH. LONDON, S.E.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG With Wonnds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when you Press your finiter on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If SO, under the skm you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering UR death releases you. Perhaps your knees are tia °nen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which tl2e skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, it allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and Lad medical advice and been told your case is hopeless, Cr advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for L can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send at once a Postal Order for Is. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 754 Farringdon-street. London, and you vrill receive a bOx of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Housemaid's Knee. „ Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands. auclA Bunions. ißegis: ered Copyright.l

' Those who cannot take ordinary . Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S poP Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers.

Ic.CIM .)PrE • A Healthy an,./ Natural Development of the figure by wearing the • . k omit PATENT • SIDE-SPRINU Beautiful in Construction. Unrivalled is Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, but yield td the movements of the body, and the side supports are unbreakable. Modelled in different shapes to suit var.°us types of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. Prices, 3/11, 5/6, 6/11 and 10/6. Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Ladies Outfitters, but If any difficulty in procuring, write tor name of nearest agent. Insist enhaving the 18. Side-S 'rifle' Co-set—The Best IMPORTANT s—The wear of every J. B. Cornet ft abnolutely ..anteeirUthe— SOLE MANUFACTURER J.€l. . . . . . GREAT ANCOATS ST., MANCHEEiTER;

TRH NEW FRENCH REMEDY. N-. pTohpi stilSanre C er eS Smf t ya n d hs gehml THERApfo ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Roatan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, I lotches, pains and iwell- logs of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, pii.e, gr4vel. pains in the noir. rhen- n2atism, gout, er.lbaustlonoleeplesinescnervou. P Oct physical debility. etc. Tberapion is prepared in three dir erent forma Nos. 1, 2. and 3 according to diseasds for w/- ,ch intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR, It. JOHNSON,oz HOLFORD-SQVARE. LONDON, ,C),

triTREciEyLPILLS T.OWLE'sPr . . . FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY 00112-ECT ALL LIIIIEGITLAIUTIES, BENOIT ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,lllk & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Bent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stampS, by E. T. TOWLE 4 Co., Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Beware at Imstatimcs. 4 Nek"" and ""thy,"

THE WANT orITHE DAY MAKES STARCHED Labia LIKS NEW. Tr CRITCHLEys BOON ever of. • tiffr e:nrr'le Bildt nhi Ft; a thet Gt uR;a9An Ivory t arched Linen. Laces, etc. & does not stick to st.der. web - materials Si A r,.u. nSS Oulairted. triyi ;led aicrtg . • Royal Laundries, Should he mecl in erery house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packe a, at 3d., and 6d. Prepared only T. CBITOGILY, Blarfrblirn

6T-6 a (=TM 01 - Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain lik2. aO, ' strong cup of SYMINGTON'S ig Edinburgh Coffee Essmce. In bottles from all Grocers. 82 Ct.2..2.4 4.9 2.9.25LZWU2-2 Q 2.4 2 2 2 22 2 ,

BILLIARDS Send for Photoffranblo Plies List of all cLiases of Milani Tal.!es. Curet &MI e. erg requisite. Show Rooms con. taining 40 Tables including large selection full else table& three- quarter and half-sites. de. Billiard slid Dining Tables looditellre, de. (a few secondhand tat Ins cheap). tl4l 1,111,1 es rettotocllt.sl to out Bed Low Silent Brost-Proof Cushion, or taken in part exchange for New Table. Special easy payment terms to rlutd. E. J. RILEY, Ltd., Billiard Table Builders, Willow Works, ACCRINGTON.

BUY ONLY LONDON WATCHES. BENSON'S London WATCHES Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. The "BANK" and "LUDGATE " are the Best Value made, and Excel all others at the price. In Silver Cases. In 18-ot. Gold Cases. 0 BENSON'S 5 • LibiN :15 KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER -- ...7 - .:<-1413ANK" - EST LONDON MADE. Three-Quarter Plate ENGLISH / 37' ;' \ \.‘ \" EST IiLEVER Chronometer Balance, fully Jewelled, Keyless / nl,\ Action, Crystal Glass Cases, in Sterling Silver, £5, or in strong ` Met. Gold Cases, £l5. \ , 1 , , SELECTIONS OF WATCHES OR JEWELLERY SENT •, FREE ON RECEIPT OF REFERENCE. i i OLD WATCHES AND JEWELT.ERY MC:, "NT is EXCHANGE. ik 7-`• i , 1 WATCHES and JEWELLERY of all kinds sent Free at / at G.P.O. u our risk, to all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable / BERSON'S V ; BOOK T./,, , l ~ RENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. POST FREE ‘----.17 ,/iio CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, --,' -, "IMPERIAL" & SILVER PLATE, & CUTLERY. Post free. -...* In Silver Cases. 0 NS —l/ iir...,, 0,„ BENSO' 12.12 "LUDGATE 9 9 Is'' As ~.' \' \ ay ---- IN:ST, tHEAPEST. and STRONGEST, London made \\ \ ,11 THREE-QUARTER PLATE English Lever Watch. 0/ i \ \ ‘ Chronometer Balance Patent large Barrel I %\ V andTha con np ajeTeDsiist I Rini Band Massive Silver Cases rel / 4,fl ,11, , V.' UnbreakMaDlCnOrystal Glass, double the Strength and Valuseesofwaintyh , 1 r' ~ 7,,Z, i other £6 Ss. Watch. II Made t \ Made in Three Sizes, at one Price. ZS .ss.:—No. 1, Gentlemen's (as illustrated); No. 2, Working Men, Railway Men and Miners'; I 2, - ' : I No- 3, Ladies'. 1 ;*--, - 1 /, In massive lillet. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, Gentlemen's, £l2 12s, Ladies, £m los. Silver English Levers, London Made, from .£3 . lOs s s Fine Gold \0 - ; , i Jiff W. BENSON, Led., s, • Chain • _..........' , / ' THE STEAM FACTORY— ` 62 & 641 LUDGATE HILL, LONDON. £3 NOTZ.—ORDER FOPM AND PARTICULARS OF "THE TIMES" SYSTEM POST FREE.

46) ,89 ge—'7.loo-1-->" - 01' -008„„„411/ latilir"1"""1111174*. ihr 1111111i1 /I 111111111114. 14i.ift,.P111174 I I 111 Ili I , , 111111 11111111 II 1111 111111101111 k ! • I I in rill • he "PAitit;ihßm:stisretbsieuefanst.test. 1 . 110 110 11111 The 'PALMER " 11 The 'PALMER Ask• ii t°llc BritishiON PALMER HOLLOW RIM. Ask you; Public. cgcnt what he thinks of it. Ask your Neighbours. enhPfATL:eIEtRo TovißaE ppIiANCLAL. S Their replies will convince you. to l r Tyre, Ltd., Map dan. ll Sectional Dept. p4o . a Road BMiarpms nf thea Birmingham. am United. Made touter License from the North British Rubber Co. under BarUW4 Patent.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,. W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more =pie for. Take some good Compound such a: COCKL ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be uscd, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. cocKLE,s FREE ROM MERCURY ANTIB/Licidus OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

• o tcoc—i--'. D„4. 41.* _,..,- _ • ( • %,\--'' 011*OUND 4 C \0 °F.AIC.S ceo. &encl.-cc hive' ' t —‘ - , VGMS .., ...,- @0 44, F.. OLPS 'tko e ... , ASTHMA e. BRONCMITIS I f , t Attl4z:44 , 1.,_.:. 3.-

-35 YEARS ----PROVEN EFFICACY. AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY_ 1? LOOSENS PHLEGM. ALL4YS COUGH'- , GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF •

~ , , FREE SAMPLE CASE - 40,10-- , isoralT,G LOAE.MANKJ • /iv 1 :L, GUIDE,•HEALI7I. .i.-- -0, i • / . Rccripr or ,i, 4 -0 i 11,•-• • =Ns ' A 0,, it 41 01 -, • r-p Apie .... _1- IV* 6g / pPap . d "At itfre L fo l2l, '''''.je ;104'. • " LiuvxmAEßPOnor .

UNIQUE I " ' A MAG EP S .... COUNTRY RESIDENTS. ,:,,,,' Knowing the popular taste to be ''',.4 strongly in favour of the " Times' System of Monthly Payments, we / . intend giving our customers the . lirlAt '' / '. fito btfibtelpne2genyitEnti.;ouldtotfher- i eren orm C..„,,,,, / ,#,," , • ~ 1......,. of advertisement by supplying ..,-.....m1ir• ""' -,741. V one of our world-famed "111xtun" Cycles (Lady's or Gent's) for I.— A - ..,1.14:;/15.:' . ---- AWN:4r indillenBa.ta casof hoc; ftlifovi,thly Infitalwork; c 411 h ..... . WS' .... Rom:am out at ' _....--- iii... _ •. Min.—The materials used in - i\ , the manufacture of the "'llium" \ Cycle are identical with those s. used in our machines which were 7117",/ /1V supplied to the C.LV. during the i \ 1 (71- --," ' lk. war, and which successfully stood f.111.`-'-'-.t,i.6.--,7----"._tti,' : .bl.Ol- A -..: the severe test to which they were ' ,r, ..,------; --,..,.,*(7,•.4.7 . wr----- ---. subjected. ' ~ oar's . THE .luxuas. , OUR CHALLENGE TO THE ENTIRE CYCLE TRADE Is to produce a machine of equal value to that here offered and upon the same terms. SPECIFICATION. Bearlnga.—Hardened ball bearings to all parts. Gear.-83. or at option. Chain wheel up to 48 teeth, Frame.—Dißmond Cast hardened steel. 4 in. pitch roller-chain. Wheels. —2B by 140. Clipper Tyres. . Brake.—Plunger or rim. Spokes—Double butted & tied, tangent tugh tension. Toughened cranks. Finished in black, and usual D pattern compression and seat stays ; oil-retaining NetrAhaaigligisitt.ed2o3a:.,soprr.:_ . bracket. Brake. Mudguard and Chain Wheel Detachable. GuarLi-teed.forr 7120 Months. 212 t YEARS STERLING REPUTATION BACKS THIS OFFER. YOU CAN HAVE YOUR MACHINE NOW ,/.. By Paying the Deposit of WRITE TO-DAY %Si/. GANIAGE LD .. For Particulars and Post AIN Free CATALOGUE: 118, HOLBORN, LONDON, E.C. 41MIS

N oir,T Hi.LiowAys_ CURES BRONCHITI4, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, CO(IghS, Colds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, &a. IT IS INVALIJABLI" IN TUE TREATMENT OF Stiff Joints, Spradbas, Eraxinata, Scalds, and EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. asaufactured only at 78, blew Oxford Street, Lo:don, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendor*

BRITAIN'S BEST BICYCLE. _.,. et 41.111 44 4.0 H •.11e, 1 4 7114.14:: , W 1 e AI I • o‘l., •," DEPOTS ir mill 01 EVERY IN ALL t Z rade 'AI w, MAGID Nr; t Aii" 11111111eas. CHIEF TOWNS. tI& IrolP.' Oil 11 Mi FULL .' GUAR WISED *.3 . , . • IT '.. 441 -5414-1' T- ab,. ri'arg _AO - .'O-tritymello" { 10 Guineas Cash STANDARDS - - 1 Guinea per Month IA 12 INSTALMENTS. 15 Guineas Cash SPECIALS - - . OR 134 Guineas per Month IN 12 INSTALNENTS. Catalogue and full information post free on application to— RUDGE-WHITWORTH, Ltd. Head Office, COVENTRY. LOCAL ACENCIES :—Warrington [Syndicate Ltd., 79 Bridge St., Warrington. J. & S. Churchill & Co., Cross Lane Earlestown. R. Tebbutt Victoria Rd. Widnes, J. S. McLEAN &Co, 51 Duke St., St. }Wens. Rudgo Whitworth Ltd., .ox Bold St , Liverpool.

J Fcn LADIES e GENTS U , I_7: - ..:: LS S IAI74OTSHTEUVPETFIYO-BDAESTTE 41(g......A Ct.(qf Free or Flred V. beelo ( .t4".1.3ii. / i •_.. ' Carriage Paid, ,••• •. • ''''" • ' Disc- rat for Cash. ..-/4' 4 fl • -, • ' 031'..: •: 3 LIO OS. 1018 47 . , ....._...... - ZIO OS. Od. • . 16/8 montkly. £l2 OS. 20,. 1, Hatherloy Hard Wood Cyclp Stand, £l3 138. 22/9 .2 2s. 64. Handle Bar Bask, leg. £l4 14$. 24/6 ^ Write at once for NEW SEASON'S LIST of JUNO Cycles and Aocessories, over 100 pages, sent postfree. METROPOLITAN MACI-lINISTS! CO., LTD.,_ 75, Blshopagate Street Without, London, E.G., AIM PICCADILLY CIRCUS. LONDON, W.

FITS CURED From taw Oen loa• at exerts* ets enema tt hss eared PION A NV.NTLI- the 'ers." w'rst rues of Eptlepe. •rt:en every other remeriv had Wiwi. Pe'ee 4s. ed. and tla. Foot Fre Tlloussndmo Twain...nisi.. &Ist for a Pow Ram** liotilatartig tr. tr. Writ. t......—,itettarimant r. w. *re ickiriat.r.., Pttarmate,utlaa) Chanitat,ls. Itt_O Street, Belfast.

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ON! CAT'S WORK 4 " • Roy. and Girl. eau cat • NICKEL. „ PLATED WATCH. also a CHAIN and . CHARM for wiling l dozen package. of * (TH171112 " ,FlirrhPuerricnig• "cu.k. .8r gloynotury. by r.th,b mall. and we will wrward the Isloine. post paid, and a large premium list. No rale; req"ired. BLUINE Co. ID•Pa"nen 241, GIPSY Road. Wont Nora, London., .

ELECTIONS ;AT !RUNCORN, . _ Distrlct CounCll. ; The last day for withdrawals for the Rural Digtrict Ceunothors arid Board of Guardians elections was Tues- day, and tha result shows there will be contests in the following places : Antrobus—*Joseph Hoishaw. farmer Antrobna ; William Kinder, farmer Antrobus One seat. Norley— Walter Ltmelles, gentleman Noriey ; *joseph Hickson, joiner and builder, Norley. One seat. Stockton Heath—*Dharles William Davenport, Master builder, Stockton Heath; John Pemberton, builder, Heath- cat Stockton Heath. One seat. Stretton—*Setier Leather, gentleman, Ash Cottage. Stret- ton ; Richard Billington farmer, Brookside Farm, Stretton, One seat. Sutton Weaver—'l3ciwtrd A Wallingtm, merchant Spring- field, Sutton Weaver ; Charles Edward Linaker, junior land agent, Sutton Weaver were nominated for this district but the withdrawal of Mr Linaker, allows the old member, Mr Wallington to resume. Seven Oaks and Whitley Supericr—Alfred Baton,provision dealer. Seven Oaks ; *William Fletcher, gentleman Whitle Superior. One seat. *Denotes the Retiring Candidates. The Runcorn Guardians. The withdrawal of Mr W Handley from both Newtown and Heath Wards has resulted in the following distribu- tion of the Runcorn Guardian seats :—Bridgewater Ward : Mr James Douglas, 4, Loinster Gardens ; Central Ward, Messrs *fhomas Lea and *floornas Woods; Heal h Ward, Mr R Norman, Linden Lodge ; Newtown Ward, Mr Thomas Reynolds,. High-street ; Halton Ward, 3411 r S Taylor, Rydal Mount, rgsumes ; Mersey Ward, Dr Gastaldi, resumes. Tie Parish Councils. The only cmtest will hi at Helsby, for which the fol lowing gentlemen are nominated :--Samuet Bill, Joseph Blythe, William Bentley Barlow, John Brothertoo, John Tnornas Collier, Allen Car, William Davies, John Danl. snore, William Edward Dailies, Samuel Davies, William Fowles, ThOmas Guest, William Griffiths. Robert W Hill, Percy Huntingdon, 'Joseph Jeffs, William Mu vrave,John Noden, Thomas Randles,James Tat lor,Goorge Crosslan Taylor,. John Williams, James Wright. The withdraw of Mbssrs Allen Car, and R W Hill, leaves thus 21 nand dates for 11 seats. The polling arrangements have 7 been admirably arranged by Mr George F Ashton, returning officer, and the polling day is fixed for March 2Dth. The result will be declared the same might, in all places, opt cial powers having been delegated to the several Deputy Ebturning Officers for the purpose.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BA. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ALL 'ME WO riLD'S A STAGE, And the PRINCIPAL BOY on it in the bcot line ARTHUR EVANS. Hie Se 6d and k.s 6d Gents' Boots receive REPEATED ENCORES. .thus proving that they are the FAVOURITES of the pubic. 5 AND 221, LONDON-ROAD ; 61, BYROM-STREET; FLETCHER RUSSELL AND ki."o.. LIMITED. HAVE PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCING,. THAM' THEY INTEND HOLD/NO. AN EXHIBITION OF GAS COOKERS. GAS FIRES &C: in the ASSEMBLY ROOMS, CONSERVATIVE CLUB WARRINGTON. From MARCH 25Tn, TO MARCH 29Trr, Inclusive FREE LECTURES ON OAS COOKINO. WILL BE GIVEN TWICE DAILY BY MRS. H. M. YOUNG, THE CELEBRATED LECTURESS • FLETCHER RUSSELL AND 00.4. LTD., GAS COOKERS CAN BE HIRED FROM THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION GAS DEPARTMENT. AT LOW RENTALS. Fixed Free up to 30 feet of pipe.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGES, ABDOMINAL BELL'S. Bur THEM vaunt THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS, 37, ERROR-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm In the trade. BETABLIEHED

GOULDING'S CHILDRENa • wo. r 'I.V leiliraet, • davit gra,via•t‘d tiat COUGH MIXTUIUL •rivitimkktAti koe - • criAcit/.4.4,04 two Mtotlaki,r• er— • . Children's Medicines should be carefully chosen from simple and effective remedies which have- stood the test of time. They boo often contain poison in sow degree, a. a evidenced by the intineats wnien are frequently held in different parts of the country Some Cough Remedies especially offend in this respect, as they generally contain a preparation of opium, such as Laudanum, Morphia, or Paregoric. Yet there is One, Goulanad's C 01.7011 MIXTURE, made by Francis Goulding. the proprieto of the celebrated " Cooling and Teething Powders, which have proved of such great benefit for children cutting their teeth. This preparation is made specially for young children. It is an excellent remedy for the Irritable cough to which children are liable. It acts splendidly also for ()olds, Bronchitis., Feverishness. Difficulty of Breathing. Whooping Cough, Croup, do. It is perfectly safe and is free from Pnison. Sold'in Bottles at Sid. and Rs. ltd. each. TOIBE OBTAMED PROM BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, • At the Reduced Price of 7d. and 9p. 35, BRIDGE-STREHT, 5, BRIDGE-STRWIT }WARRINGTON. Also at BRIDGE-STICIRT. RUNCORN, ALMIRT-ROAD, WIDNES, 6, ORMSKIRK-STREET, ST. HELHNS.

ELECTION OF GIIMIDIANS.—TO TFIE ELECTORS OF ST, AlisTIN'S No. 2 WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. Having been asked to become a candidate for this W ,rd and received the promise of surmort from many fr -nds and leading residents, I have very great pleasure in ing my services, Knowing the needs and condition of the Ward as I do, and having a large business connection in it which rAquires regular and personal attentlon,l am in a position to look niter your interests to the very best advantage. If elected, my efforts on the Board would be directed to "economy. conjoined with efflcleney.• while the Brabazon &theme, and the division of the in mptes for the special treatment of the watk and deservlnolwould have my sympathetic support. Being a trades Unionist, and affiliated the Trade and Labour Council, I should support the Insertion of the fair wages clause in all contracts entered Into with the Board. Either myself 'or friends will have the pleasure of wait- ing upon you prior to the election. Trusting to have your hearty Co-operation, and to be favoured with your votes. I remain, Yours Sincerely, RICHARD ATKISSON, 16, White-street, Warringion.

NVANTED GENERAL Servant.—Apply 3.40Re0n, Penny Gate Farm, Hindley. Wigan. . • .. -VC-ANTED, COOK-GENERAL ; doctor's house; three in V V family; no washing —Mrs BRADY, Sandville, Wigan

UTANTHD. strong GBNBHAL ; able to wafh.--APPIO Ti,, Mrs. BAILEY. Carrington, Fllaton. near Manchester. W ANTHD TwO GENBRAL SERVANTS, sisters preferred. TRAM. Ham's Head, Haydock near St. Helens. WANTHD Good OHNHRAL, good wages; comfortable home; give references.-21. ELM GROVE, Vidsbury, Manchester.

WAN I'ED Immediately. DOUAI PARLOUR MAID, two In fa wily wageg £lB.—Apply Idras HIJDION, 19,Ir1arn- street, Warrington. WANTED, Competent GENERAL, 23 to 30, for small family; good waites eomlortable home.—l2o, THOMAS- LINE. Broadgreen, Liverpool.

W ARM three itff Oa 7,Ki,ly also mFicrOwUOIO3DBMAL WBAaInT; Oak-road, Witt;ington, Manchester. WANTBD a GIRL about 1740 moist In housework; wages 55. per wees ;.thrFe In arnily.—apply 20 WOODLAND' TERRACE, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

WANTBD, PLAIN COOK two other servants kept.five in family. Protestant. Willing to go to El^otiand si months a yes,. —Apply stating particulars 93, CLYDE-ROiD. Didsbury, Manchester.

CONFECTIOSHRY, Teas, and Itefrestrnents , main road Apply /13, WILMSLOW-ROAD, Rusholrne, Manchester. (11_001) OFF-LICIIN6H. large stock of Groceries. Minerals l_Jf fixtures EN. an offer if soli immediately splendid chance for energetic couple.-132, VIcTORIA-STREET, Long-. sight, Manchester.

IMMEDIATH Sale, Grocery and Prbvision,Bread and mixed Business, taking £6 to £8 weekly. Three bedroom, cellar Pec. Sent 7s 64 clear £lO. Stock goodwill and fixtures worth double, leaving Manchester. Bargain for Somebody. must be sold thiS week.—ARMITAGE. 93, Upper Medlook. street, Hulme, Manchester.

USEFUL INFORMATION 10 THOSE ABOUT TO BE MARRIED. FORFEITED and FOR SALE, a quantity of WEDDING RINGS (ell Government stamped) which have been pawned by a rlngmaker. To be sold at 5e.. 4e., 4s. Ed., Se., up Ur 2l)e. each. Wonderful value AT HUGH ES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS. CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS. 116 TO 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, !LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 5,171. CASH LIBERALLY ADVANLIED on Jewellery. Diamond; and Portable Property. Bent prices giver, for old Gold and Silver Geode.

Elastic Stockiggs Surgical Bandages. Abdo ni..nal Belts. Buy them from the or makers in Liverpool. SMITh C&L BOWSr 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL We supply a better.quallty at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

AGENTS WANTED, either whole or spare time for an, Investment Company, salary. end Commission to salt. able men.—Apply any evening after 7 o'clook to HArsins, 11. Museum-street, Warrington.

A BPLIOATIONa AUi 1 VAIKO tor ch 3 pooket eeewp 11 eated ASSISTANT MASTER In the boys del:lke:lent of the KNOWSLEY-ROAD BRITISH SCHOOLS ST HELENS Salary RES per annum.—Apply to A. C. PILICINGTON, Groye• street, t t Helens.

AFPI/I/CCM/ANTS tor male and Vernale (ILlitiNa, Liver pool and Manchester Post Ofaces (1548) Customs (18. El). Excise (19-22), Boy Copyists (15-12), Regular Exams. Rapid Correspondence or Class, Preparation. Nominal tees: Recent Successes includuPirst Place (three times), Seeond. Third, As, Particulars tree.—Jog v LYNA34 P 5, Sc. 25, Argyle-street, Birkenhead.

FOR FI RS T-C LASS PZIYATS DENTISTRY. TEEM. Appointments onarrnfteoengses,di.ry,:but may be TEETH. All consultations free. TEETHBach patient infworomr:drebcierehtuad the cost 0: . Tuir EETH. Gol4l and other 1111Ings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. p-.nless Extraction as hitherto by the al4 of Nitroca Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,000 gallons weekly. Exora. of the late J. 11-• PARKINSON (DENTIST Br EXAM MOSLEY-STRERT tTalepho— '660). MR. 11ADDISON ATTENDS ST. BURNS .....GEORGE-STRE ET MONDAI , 930 a.m. to 6 p.rn. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m WA RRINo TON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCOoN ..... B KIDGS-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH W ICEL.—. 18, APPL MAUD T-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

GREEN, Warrington Opt 'site Arpley Station. Also at MANCIIESTRR-ROAD, (late Essenhigh's.) S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS. MARBLE MASONS, itCs• Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Granite. Marble, andStorte. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
