===== 0002601_19011213_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
13R USHES AND FANCY LEATHER GOODS

IN TEE NEW WINDOWS AT

BERESFOR D'S,

77 CHURCH-STREET, LIVEP.POOL.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 112- th, carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value In EH/ "Y•fti or district. Sold by weight from SEVIIS ki LINGS AND SIXPENCE to FITY SHILLINGS. aiwl.zes and shapes. including the round and Half-round eNs:Yrs In Stock. A handsome present given to each pur- the 6 IDlnEer size-cards post free,--EUSTANCE AND CO. Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Viarriagtou, -..r.s.blistiedlB64•

No. 1183.

uTIOTY.Fr., .SALT gASI'..IP. E „„, LIVIIRPOOL to NEW YORK via Qaeenstovrn. MAJESTIC Wed., Dee, 13 I THUTONIC...i Wed., Jan. 1 CYMRIC Wed., DEe. 25 1 GEF MANIC... Wed., Jan. 8 Third Clasg passange at low rates including Outnt free of charge to New York. Boston. Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to intele. 'NUE, and Co.. Liverpool, 17 Coakepur treet, S.W., and 34, Leadenball Street, Loader, 8.C.,

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOB, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERBONAL SUPERVISION.

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTAIRDED TO.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OF ALL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_19011213_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
, ~ „. 4 . e-.. _., 4,, , , 411 ~,,,, r . •,„.............. ~/. . ~.......... 7.,,,,,,A.. , _\7._._ ~.. ...._ ,t. .... t ... „.. ‘,....:„.:. . 1 L1,11L.1- Or- L i ' -NI .... .. ~ ,0 ~. „. .. ..,, .., ij ..„. "-: , .1, i . , \\-'''', 4.Lic, . ...,, .„. '-- I (.....;* , - ~, ,

ONEO,,:PENN

FRIDAY, MECEIVILBER 13, 1901.

L:3 10 PIANOFORTE, suitable for nursery, by S. Crane; sent to any ad iress ; taken in exchange; every wire and key, also hunmer. is perfect

ROBPRT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUC TIONEER & VALUER Office and ealerooms No, 1, BANK-STEEET TELI.PHONE, NO. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED F 312 SALE. New and is( concl-:And Furniture and ocher Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Purnituie, &c,, warehoused,

BY POST {ls 754c1 per Quante., 6e 61 per alma= is gd. per Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19011213_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTRIDGES! CARTRIDGES ! ! CAR:RIDGES ! ! SAM N. GREEN, MARKET-PLACE, WARRIINGTON. DEPOT FOR NOBEL'S BALMS Tin CARTRIDGES,

LOADED UNDER GOVFRNMENT SUPERVISION. • STANDARD GAUGE, ABSOLUTELY ACCURATE. WATER RESISTING-. BEST RESULTS. THE MOST PERFECT CARTRIDGE OF THE DAY.

SEE THE SPLENDID CUP, NOW ON VIEW. WON WITH BALLISTITNI CARTRIDGES, BY A MEMBER OF THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT GuN Cidn3. ALL CARTRIDGES DISPATCHED PROMPTLY. SAN N. GREEN, ANINUNITION DEALER, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. (708 rPWABDS 07 18 7E679 WITH sKFLToN's, LTD.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
A • AND J. Ni'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSIC.THS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL, One minute's vralk from Church-street, Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Sliver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Pailiament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined.

A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY. Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, 8:e . &c., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BATIGAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEKY, LADIEs' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, .to . Sic We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES lir 1-081: RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

JEWELLERY REPAIRS Alterations and Mountinys of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, A:c. GOLD and SILVER WATCKES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets.

ALLAINE'S, RICHIIOND SIREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHT! LIGHT !! LIGHT! ! ! WHY SIT IN DARKNESS WREN YOU CAN RATE AN INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CHIMNEY READY FOR FIXING TO ANN GAS BRACKET FOR is. 6D, SUNLIGHT WHITE MANTLES 41D, EACH. 48. 3n. PER DOZEN. NOTE OUR ADDRESS: THE WORLD'S INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING Co., 17, BUTTERMARRET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATS

DENTISTRT. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary j but may arranged_ _ TEETH AU oontratations free, TEETH. Bach patient InforFd beforehand of wore regmlred. TEETH. fileid and other dllings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Bxtraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous ()side, TEETH. !raker to Deatzsso of 1:,00Cgallo3s weekly. Baur, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DENT:42 BY HX.1.1d.)

MANCHESTER...--...... 46, MOSLEY-STREE r

(Telephone 158 C),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS "."'" --GEORGE-STREZT MGNDA2, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. ,SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN —_____3l, BRIDGE-STREET. THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTDIVICFI IS. APPLF.MARKET-ZSTREE? FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

Boon! Boors!! Boors!!! cuvirza ui‘ BCSINESS. LEAVING THE PREMISES. LARGE STOCK OF BOOTS AND SHOES TO BE SOLD AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. ALSO TWO BOOT MACHINES. and a quantity of Iron Lasts, with Knives to match. No reasonable offer refused. Must be sold.

'LAMBERT' S BOOT STORES. MAERET PLACE, EA.ELESTOW.N. SHOP TO BE LET.

T. uLAEBE. •• EA.A.MINES " OFFICE. 33 MARKET ETREET. EARLESTOWN ESTABLISHED OVER 35 YEARS, FOR CHOICE SELECTIONS OF chausimas AND NEW YEAH CARDS AND CHRISTMAS PRESENTS IN GREAT VARIETY GO TO THIS ABOVE ADDRESS AGENT EOR THE GLACIER WINDOW DECORATION

ENDLEBURY AD kjOSIPANr,

12 & 14, S% TIN ,TINWICK STREET,

===== 0002601_19011213_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL CONSICWNENT OF

SPRING ROCKING CHAIRS,

BRU:FSELS CARPET, E;III3OSS.ED VELVET,

SADDLEBAGS, ETC.

BABY CHAIRS IN GREAT VARIETY.

SEE OUR WINDOWS THIS WEER.

SPECIAL BARGAINS

===== 0002601_19011213_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE CHRISTMAS TRADE.

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY,

(NEAR CENTRAL STATION)

WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL SHOW

PICTURES AND FANCY GOODS,

;.tll

===== 0002601_19011213_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR CHRISTMAS.

PENDLEBURY AND CO.

U MBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS H Tltni LATEST NOVE TIES SUITABLE /TOR PRESEE.I2 LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W AralaNG STICRS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES Rist....)VERED xx gAZ.7 AN Hoult PROM B. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADHAX M ANCHESTER, 1111 C W ARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIAM FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERS AGENTS BICRERSHAW COAL). HEAD OPFICIr AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON, Coal Sidinize and Branth OffinA Mstrann StrpAt. V74rtin.fAls

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CILIARETTES, SNUFF. EXORS. OF WM. FIARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, DiArIGHESTER Established 68 Years.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN OTOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALMS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTEEL WHEATLEY'S GINGER HERR. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from 13. CUNN INGHAM ' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufaettper of /SIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179 51TOR1S. OwEN t3TREET.

HENDIir6 " t;c4AY " 15 AND 16, .LOW:i. , PROMENADE, DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN, RIVATE H AO ktipl,liti•ll OUSE. Six o'clock Dinner. Terms from 6s. per day (inclasive)•

B. A. HENDRY, Proprietor.

I

I.

t i , f •1 1 ..) it :41 I 4

1

," r'....•:*4t, •

===== 0002601_19011213_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUG PATEBT SELF-RAISING FLOUR ?MAL THE EXAMINER. FRID A Y DECEMBER 13, 1901

===== 0002601_19011213_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT I_42.A.QRAPHS.

*1 You live by butchery," declared the menu- acturer of pills to the surgeon. "And you by pillage," came the quick response. THE Porr (insinuatingly) : "Don't you think We make a good couplet ?" She (coyly): "I'm nor, averse." FARMER: "What are you doing in my appla tree:" Thief: "Excuse me—l just fell off a balloon." SOME people grow round-shouldered carrying about a feeling of responsibility for things that are none of their business. : Does your father favour my suit? She : I don't know; but he said he believed you hadn't paid for it." Mrs. SCRUBS after the crash: There is another of my China dishes gone! Suburbs: Never mind, dear; it has stopped the cook's singing. OFTEN A NECESSARY WAY.—MiStreeS : "How do you carry your purse so as to frustrate pick- pockets, Norah ?" Norah : " Impty, mum." "THEY looked at me open-mouthed when d.i4l .. . . . . _

that speciality of mine." "That's right. It's the -first time in my life that I ever saw a whole

audience yawn at- once." OLD LADY: Where is your husband, Mrs. De Long? Mrs. De Long: He couldn't came; he ha 9 the rheumatism all over him. Old Lady: Goodness me ! And he's over six feet in height. FRAGILE MATERIAL.—" Hobbs makes an entirely new .set of resolutions every .New Year's day." . .

"What is that for?" "Well—he thinks those that he broke last year were of no account." YouNG WIFE: How do you like my new gown? I designed it myself: Unappreciative HuEbund : I was wondering whether it were the result of accident or design. S UITABLE TO THE SUBJECT. —:" George " ex-

claimed Mrs. Fangle. "Don't bother me," replied Bangle; "I'm reading an absorbing article. "What is it about?" 'Sponges." LITERARY JEALOUSY. Henriques: "Scribbler says there are days when we cannot write:' ()stin- ger : "I have read stories of his he must have written on those days." HE: "Be mine, darling. You are the lamp that alone can light my existence." She : " Yes, dear; but papa doesn't think you are a good match for me." MRS. O'DOwD: "Arrah, in Oireland poor peo- ple can keep a pig to help pay the rint—out what can ye do in this counthry ? " Mrs. McShane (who does so): "Sure, ye can keep a boardher UNCLE EPHRAIM: "This here Imperialism is a dangerous—a fatal policy. It was annexation of territory that made Rome fall." Uucle William : "That's right. If Rome hadn't annexed nothin' there wouldn't have been nuthn' ter fall." OF GENEROUS PROPORTIONS.—" My dear," said Mrs. Tenspot to her husnand, "what is the size of the earth?" "Oh, there's enough of it to go round," replied Mr. Tenspot, who is an expert at concealing his ignorance." AFTER Rocas.—"l," said the orator, "am one of the good old stock, rooted deep in the soil " "The only stock I ever heard of that rooted deep in the soil, said a farmer in the audience, "was hogs." , "Lowe. here. That horse you sold me runs away, kicks, bites, strikes and tries to tear down • the stable at night. You told ma that if I got him once I wouldn't part with him for £260." "Web, you won't." Morneea : "How did papa's new book get in this condition ? " Bobby : "Why, mamma, I heard papa say last night that the bock was to,. dry for him, so I put it in the bath eh and let the water run." "Pe, what sort of a house is that?" "That, ray son, is the blind asylum. Blind people live ie there." "They can't see, can they ? " "No, my boy." Then what has the house got Witnlo'hh for if they can't see?" "PAPA says," urged the hesitating maiden, "that you would have a trouble to mseic .our creditors." "Pardon me," cried the man who proposed, "your worthy parent lute been raisin. s formed ;my trouble is to avoid meeting them." "YOUR husband seems to have the autisti temperament," said the lady who was calling on the recently-married young woman. "Do you think so ? " was the response with a happy Jitile f' smile. "Yes; I should think he might have made a good painter." "I never saw him try to paint," Jee replied the little wife. "But he can whitewash beautifully." A GENTLEMAN, weighty and of comfortable habit, , was running as a candidate for Psrliainentary honours. One of his election posters was unin- tentionally made to overlap an advertisomeut of a beef extract, so that it read : "Vote for G—, the genuine product of prime ox.beef." THE blushing bride-elect was rehearsing the ceremony about to take place. "Of course, you will give me away, papa?" she said. "I am it. afraid I have done it already, Caroline," replisil erf, the old gentleman, nervously. "I told your Her- •bert this morning you had a disposition just like - your mother's." •;ers• "Do you have mice in your house, Parker?" asked Wicks. "Yes—lots o. 'em," said Parker. •fie ska "What on earth do you do for them? I'm bothered Ile, to death by them at my house." What do Ido for .„. 'em?" said Parker. "Why, I do everything for them—provide 'em with a home, plenty to s eat, and so forth. What more can they expect." . "SPEAKING of the hospital," said John Smart. "Who was?" asked the other man. "I was, I was just about to remark that though perhaps it is the best place for a homeless man to be ill in, he would be better well out of it." LADY VISITOR: "Would you not give the bigger half of your candy to your little sister? " Little Ralph Waldo: "1 would not." Lady Visitor: " Whynot ?" Little Ralph Waldo "Because two halves of the same whole are equal." A SMALL THING.—" What's the matter, Silly- bub ? You don't look well this morning." " don't know. I've been worried about my head all day." "Oh, brace up, old fellow. I wouldn't lee such a trifle as that put me out." His AWFUL PREDICAMENT.—Young Poppington (greatly agitated) : "Am I a father or a mother?" Nurse: "Both, sor-r. Mrs. Poppington lures joost presinted yez wid two boys an' two ~ir-rls." Young Poppington (in anguish): "Great Scott I Quadru- peds !" A PARENTAL PHENoMENON.—"I suppose," in- quired a bystander, "that your baby is beginning to say some rather 'cute things ? " "No," replie I Mr. Kidby Nupop ; "his remarks are very com- monplace. In fact, most of the things he says arcs pure drivel." Mr. Nupop had long been known ,ts a very eccentric man, ,but his sanity had never before been doubted. " It is perfectly natural that parents should be proud of their children," said the conductor, after he had finished taking the fares; "bat that man inside the 'bus is entitled to the championship medal." "What's the matter with him?" asked the driver. "Why," said the conductor, " he's so proud of that six months old boy of his that he in- sisted on`paying full fare for him." "Hi, there !" exclaimed Mr. Jagway, "what are you doing ? " "Scraping off a little of this froth," replied the barmaid. " You lot that froth alone! " angrily rejoined Mr. Jagway. "That's all there is of a glass of beer now, and I'm entitled to the whole of it." "The idea of sending children to bed early to punish 'em !" exclaim's' Mrs. Cassel, who was discussing her relatives. "That isn't any way to c'rect them." "Of course it isn't," answered her husband. "If you want to convince 'ern that you mean business, make 'em get up an hour or so earlier in the morning." BILSON : "Whose pocket-book is that you arcs advertising for?" Jimson : " Mine, of co:lc:le." "Get out I 'Pocket-book containing a roll of notes and a large number of cheques and securities. Finder can keep the money if ha will return papers.' You don't see a roil of notes or a cheque once a year." "No-o, but Bertha Bullion's father takes the paper I advertised the JOSS in, and he'll see that advertisement. See?" " Harnph I Where did you get the money to pay for that big ad'?" . "Bertha lent it to me, bless her." ALLEGED Blind Man: "Beautiful lady, pity de blind." Miss Anteaque (suspiciously): "How ill-1 you know a lady was passing if yen are blind 7" Alleged Blind Man: "By de lightness uvyer tread, lady." Miss Anteaeue (simperingly): "Hero's sixpence; but I must scold you for saying I am beautiful." Alleged Blind Man: " Ah, lady, if you knew how badly I wanted dis money you would forgive a little lyin' gallantry. Thank yr."

6

1

t

===== 0002601_19011213_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUZ.

• 41 °YO , E P

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. , • •A. , 1;.%

3REAKFAST-SUPPER,

LADIES' -LETTER:

MY DEAR NELLIE.

Outdoor and evening coats are now often made to do duty for both purposes. One is of putty. coloured cloth, with deep sable collar, over an under-collar of woollen guipure, which falls nearly to the waist. The coat can be worn either open or closed. The bishop sleeves are set into deep cuffs of guipure. A pretty hat is in drap de feutre of the same colour, with natural-coloured ostrich feathers, the one underneath the brim fastened with a knot of black velvet. I saw a useful morning or travelling toque of grey drap de feutre, with a mauve-tinted panne rosette at the aide, fastened with a jet and strass cabochon. Another hat is of black felt, the upturned brim swathed with white chiffon and heavy black and white ostrich feathers drooping over the side, fastened with an antique silver ..n3.ment.

Lace gowns are again popular, and although their first cost is rather high, they certainly loos their value and wear well, especially in black They are generally made up over satin, but those of cream lace are sometimes lined first with chiffon, and then with gold tissue, both linings being quite separate from the lace over dress itself. This is a costly style of making, but the effect is ex- ceedingly handsome. Tambour-lace dress-pieces are very smart. One of the prettiest of gowns is of black tambour-lace with silver sequins pow- dered thickly over tho ground; another type has the design in cream or ticru on black net, while there is a great variety of patterns in all-white and all-cream. They need very little trimming; a few folds of net or chiffon round the top of the bodice, frills of the same to finish the sleeves (which should only just reach the elbow), and a pretty velvet or satin belt, are all the " extras " required to complete a stylish little hall-dress, although a shoulder-knot of flu as may be added if liked.

I For dancing-dresses nothinq, is in greater fAvour than the light and dainty c.-T, it net made up over satin, or, failing this, soft mercerised sateen. which hangs rather better than cheap glace. The net skirt is generally edged with two or more frills, sometimes bordered with narrow silver or gold galon or with white baby-ribbon, and the low, rounded neck of the bodice is prettily draped with folds of soft satin or panne, drawn iota a large loose rosette at the left side of the front. The sleeves generally reach to the elbows, where they are finished with frills, and a narrow gold or silver belt completes the dress. A rather smarter way of making the bodice of a net gown is to cover it with a lattice-work of white satin baby-ribbon, and to drape the neck with a white chiffon tichu edged with lace, the sleeves being of chiffon with lace frills. Or the bodice can be trimmed with a

large cluster of flowers—roses, wistaria, and orchids are particularly fashionable at the moment —tied with bows of wide, soft satin ribbon.

Never at any time was fashion more adaptable than at the present, or more suited to all sorts and conditions of wemen alike. There is no hard and fast rule to be observed, but so long as a garment be pleasing to the eye, it has a distinction whichi entitles it to be called fashionable, whether it comes strictly within the meaning of that classic term or not. There are modes to suit the divinely tall or the opposite, so that no woman need feel aggrieved that her particular style of beauty has not been duly catered for this season. But much care and forethought are needed if we would be apparelled consistently at all times, for multi. plicity of detail and endless elaboration of choice render it an increasingly difficult task to buy the right thing. A charming visiting or reception dress can be made of beaver-brown cloth strapped with silk of the same shade outlined with gold braid. The large guipure cellar is of new shape, and is laid on over black silk and edged with the gold braid. The bolero, sleeves, and three flounces are all trimmed to match each other with stitchings and strappings. The inner vest and unclersleeves are in green velvet, with cuffs and out vest of pale, putty-coloured cloth embroidered in pale colours. The swathed collar and tie are lace, and the belt is green velvet. An excellent bodice has a perfectly tight back, with the deep collar falling over it, and the neck is shown with only a small opening, but this can be lower, and the collar arranged to run lower down the fronts to form revers. There are small tucks back and front, and insertion lace runs up each front and rests on a full vest of chiffon. The sleeves can be quite long, with the lace medallions left transparent, or they can terminate at the elbow with a frill, and for summer wear a small chernisette and little full undersleeves will trans. form the gown into one entirely suitable for smart outdoor wear. . loving

LAMR STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES, GUITAR'S, VIOLINS, Ac. Special Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN NIANDOLINB, MAKER'S name inside, Rose- wood. ornamented ; 10s. 6d. Carriage pald. Best qtatity MOUTFI OROA'N. Velvet lined °ago le. poet fr,e ARCHVR AND EONS, ST& tiRORGES' CRESCENT' TOP OF LORD-SIMI', AV RPOOL. Established 1848.

- /// , /// '‘ /, Li/ / fi4/

, ':. ';:i• . 1 • ' '.7.9 ' 7 - - ..- 1.--.7;iSTA, ....;: f ; -,1i10,;?:,,,,,,,t..:...;. 4 , ' 7 . • WI pi., ',6,! 0,- - 4,5;,,„/,

...r • . iir .I'6 - ' / ,er I "7.4 _:-.7 7 , ' 4: ' ,; 9 ! , i --- ;•-ti :11 , f ,?•. ~, 10; ,4111 I \ - ‘it. \`: • I\, --'-/P.r '', \ \ \ -..(0t

Your J.litN4 4.00 UMW _ - - V*-1-114,2ar ,

===== 0002601_19011213_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAI.

Buckingham Palace will next year present a striking contrast to its semi-deserted appearance of the roast half century. The alterations which have provica.e many noble suites of rooms, are nearing completion, and early in the New Year, the King and Queen Consort will take up their residence at the Palace, when in London. Marlborough House will then be handed over to the Prince and Princess of Wales, and, numerous as are the Royal Palaces in, and near, the Metropolis, their capa- city will be taxed to the utmost to provide accommoda- tion for the many Royal guests who will be invited to the Coronation. What with the drawing rooms and balls, the banquets and receptions, and garden parties, Buckingham Palace instead of being a deserted mansion will next year be the scene of a varied and continual disn'ay of Royal splendour. e-The Russian Court will be represented at the Corona- tion; by the Grand Duke Serge, the uncle of the Czar. The Grand Duchess, who is the second daughter of Princess Alice, is. by common consent, the most beauti- ful of all Queen Victoria's grand-children, a distinction however, which some think she should share with her younger sister the Czarina. At one time it was thought that the Princess Elizabeth—now the Grand Duchess Serge of Russia—would have married into the German Imperial Family, in which event she would now have been Empress of Germany, but Prince Bismarck was opposed to what he regarded as an English alliauce,and successfully kept the two cousins apart. The lily-of-the-valley, it seems, is to be the flower for the coming Coronation. It was the favourite flower of Queen Victoria, but many think that the rose would have been more appropriate to the historical event next year. There is never any difficulty in obtaining roses from our own gardens in the month of June, whereas the greater quantity of lily-of-the-valley blooms are im- ported from Holland and Germany. In view, however, of the large demard for the lily-of-the-valley, that is likely to spring up, our florists would do well to culti- vate the blooms during the coming season. Lady E Warwick, who has done so much to educate women in the arts of gardenieg and agriculture, has established a rural school of science at Dunmow, in Essex. Like Mr Meredith's old farmer in "Rhoda Fleming," the majority of those who live on the land have a rooted objection to " new feckled ways," but some knowlege of botany and chemistry is becoming more and more generally recegnised as a necessary qualification for successful farming. Lady Warwick goes so far as to say that" our agricultural and rural industries depend quite as much for their success on careful and scientific traininras the urban 'lndus- tries." The truth of this is fully recognised in Germany and the Countess of Warwick will render an immense service to the agricultural industry if, by her example, she could get the Government to serious y take up the question of rural scientific education. Many fashionable weddings are taking place this winter, that of the Duke of Hamilton and Miss Nina Poore, which was celebrated very quietly the other day. following close uponl the weddings of Miss Victoria Long, and Miss Muriel Brodrick, the daughters of two of our Cabinet Ministers. The new Duchess of Hamil- ton is a sister[nf Major Montagu Poore, who married in 1893, Lady Flora, the sister of the Duke of Hamilton. It is therefore the second marriage between the two families, the Duke and the Major now being trothers- ie-law twice over. Amongst other weddings which will be the occasion of a good deal of interest in Society circles, will be these of Lord Wicklow and Lady Gladys Hamilton, and of Lord Stavorciale and Lady Helen Stewart, both of which will be celebrated in London next month, when many people will be back in town for the opening of Parliament. Matrimonial troubles seem to be prevalent at several of the Courts of the smaller kingdoms of Europe.—To those of Servia, and Ilesse-Darmstadt. must now be added the Dutch Court where the differences between Queen Wilhelmina and her Consort, have recently been the subject of the most painful stories. That there has been some incompatibility of temper between the Royal couple has long been current gossip in Holland. The Queen who is but twenty one has a strong will of her own,and the position of Prince Consort is never an easy one, In the case of Prince Henry it has been made all the more difficult by the singular ungraciousness with which he has been received by the Dutch people on account of his German nationality. The woman who patronises the fashionable skating rinks, noes in for the pastime earnestly, and is not con- tent with anything short of figures, done in specified time and style. Consequently her skirt is business-like, being short and Dlain, though invariably lined and frilled with some daintily coloured silk, g,limpscs of which one catches as she swings and glides about. But here all plainness ends ; the little coatee, blouse, and headgear being of the smartest. Beautiful furs too are donned, and much jewellery. Among the supremely graceful on their skater may be mentiened, Lady Helen Vincent, Lady Cobs, Lady Archibald Campbell, and Mrs. George Cornwallis West. The latter, a past mis- tress of the art—is quite as enthusiastic about it, as she was three seasons back. .

It is interesting to observe the difference in the methods of clever and skilful skaters. One does the most comp,icatsd figures easily, gracefully, gently. Her shirts flow out prettily, there is never a hard or sharp angle to any motion. an is gliding and swinging, and absolutely easy. Another does the same things, but always with jerks, even her waltzing appears rough and energetic. The graceful skater never seems to exert herself at all. The ungraceful skater although equally clever, appears tofrequire an effort for every twist and turn she performs, and her skirt flies out as if in protest at this violent treat ment. and her arms are always in evidence, looking like eccentric signal boards. All belts and bands dip down weil in front, indeed some dip down PO considerably that the wearers appear to be cut of proportion. The ideal of the old Greek aculptors was length of limb and a short waiat, but the Idea of modern tailors and dressmakers is a tong wait, whether in proportion or out of proportion to the length of the limb!. In building riding habits, this long waist is more particularly the aim of the man milliner, and the consequence is, that many a rider who looks a I junn on horseback, turns out to be a squat little crea- ture when she withdraw her font from the stirrup, and slips to Mother Earth. It would surely be truer art to preserve some kind of proportion between the dimen- slope of the body and the limbs. Almost all coleured costumes show soma touch of white, this usually appearing in the vest, and being repeated in the hat. To be correct the headgear should he entirely in white, hut needless to say this fashion is a costly one. A very little of the British climate, at this season of the year, suffices to remove its first fresh- ness' and then all beauty and atyle is gone. We are evidently growing weary of the flat variety of hat, for many of the newest models are raised quite high on the hair. To the generality of women this latter style is mush more beentning.and as in the case of the hlouse,we shall possibly retain it. despite Darns Faehion's decrees. Books are favourite Christmas gifts, and when select- log for girls of about sixteen and upwards, Katherine Trman's " A Girl of Galway" should not be missed. The tale is most charmingly told, and with the poetic touch we always look fnr, from the writer, and never fail •to find. The hook (Ga.) is published in handsome guise, and gracefully pictured by John H Bacon. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROGRESS OF SCIENCE IN THE TREATMENT OF DEAFNESS.

No one at the nresent day, either in the scientific world or among the public at large, can be ignorant of the remarkable results attained by the Drouet system of treatment for Deafness. Its success has been widely published by the pillage, press, and just lately the " Journal for the Deaf "contains in a special issue an account of upwards of 200 recently cured cases. One of these will be of more than ordinary interest to those afflicted he Deafness and Noises in the Head. Examination of None Radhourne's case by the Con- sulting Phy.ician. at the Droeret Institute, early in last August, led to a diagnosis of Deafness caused by catarrh of the middle ear' cemplicated by tinnitus. A few weeks later she began the Drouet treatment as pre- scribed, and, after continuing faithfully under the physician'a instructions by correspondence, reported heraelf cured as follows : • Salishury'f)nttage, Lambourne, Oct. 26, 1901. am vleapeci to thank you for your kindness to me. I was troubled with noises in the left ear for over twelve months, which made me feel quite ill. At times I thought I should lose my reason. I was able to do but very little wc,tc. Now I em thankful to say I can worse all day with rdeasure. Ido not know how to thank you enough. lam not like the game woman./ feel so much hd'or, and my bearing is quite perfect. coPe more thank you for your advice, and remain, yours very truly, JANE RADBOURNE. ropy of the "Journal for the Deaf," containing very intereating information on the Dronet Treatment, la forwarded gratia to any person affected with Ear, Nose, and Throat DiFeRSP. on •application to the Seers- tary,Regent's Park-road,lAndon, N.W. A special report form is also dispatched to natlenta who, being unable to call at the Institute, wish to submit their ease by letter

The Oxford and Cambridge Rugby football match, which was played at Queen's Club,London on Wednesday ended in a victory for Oxford by a goal and a try(eight noints) to nothing. At Leeds the Victoria University Rugby team by defeated the Yorkshire team by two gnats (ten yoints) to nothing. A clergyman who recently found in a lumber-morn a box of engravings bought at a country sale by his father in 1869 for six shillings, on Monday found him- self the richer by £326, the price they sold for at Sotheby's. RA is to congratulated. esoeciallY as no one had n better right than he to this stroke of luck. The extraordinary part of the affair is that the prreiou engravings were all in splendid conditlen.—" West nainster Gazette."

===== 0002601_19011213_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
RHOS-ON-SEA, COLWYN BAY.

Colwyn Bay has the enviable reputation of having developed more rapidly than any other health resort in North Wales, its population in 1881 being only 2,500, whilc in 1901 it numbers 8,600. So largely has it in- creased, says the " Court Circular," that it may be said to have outgrown itself, for to-day Rhos-on-Sea, only a mile from the Colwyn Bay Railway Station, is a more than formidable rival, with every prospect of de- veloping even much more rapidly than the town whence it has sprung. This may sound somewhat optimistic, but there are good grounds for the prophesy. Rhos-on- Sea possesses all the attractions and ad vantages of Colwyn Bay, which have made that place as much sclight after, and a few others besides. Its pier is 1.500 feet long, and its golf links, which have the repu- tation of being unsurpassed by few in the whole of tbe United Kingdom, are on the spot. The scenic surroundings, both marine and mountain, are amongst the finest in the principality ; its close r, proximity to Little Ormea Head on the sea-board, and .the midst of many mountains, some of which nearly I approach in height the great Snowdon range, not very far distant ny rail, make Rhos-on-Sea, on account of its sheltered position, an ideal spot at the moment to win- , ter in. Much as the Antiquarian may revel in tbe Monastery of Rhos Fynach and the ancient Fishing Weir, the bulk of the general public will be more con- cerned as to the up-to-date accommodation obtainable at the leading hotel, and here is one of the reasons for my sanguineness as to the future of Rhos-on-Sea. The Rhos Abbey Hotel, with its seventy or eighty rooms not long since refurnished by Waring, is a building about which one cannot help being enthusiastic at the risk of what may seem to be thought exaggeration. No matter where you walk in this most modern of hostelries the thickness of the carpets imparts a sense of comfort and warmth which is most pleasurable at this season of the year, while the taste dinlayed in the furnishing of all the bedrooms is most noticeable, some of them being dainty in the extreme. Ap;•opos of the luxuriousness of the appointments I remember when describing the appointments of a hotel de luxe in the South, being told that " you cannot eat decorations." Quite so ; and you are not asked to do this at the Rhos Abbey Hotel, where the cuisine is and always will be a strong point while in the hands of its new proprietors, Mr and Mrs P C Meier, both of whom hail from " The Windsor," the leading betel of Glasgow. Mr Meier was asaistant manager there for about five years, and Mrs Meier is the eldest daughter of Mr A M Thieni,preprietor of " The Windsor and the celebrated Peebles Hydro Hotel ; consequently, in such experienced and popular hands.the success of the Rhos Abbey Hotel is a foregone conclusion.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSES AND MEN.

" The horse is a nobul animil. It has four legs—on at each corner—a head at one end and a tale at the othe The head is opposite the tale, except when the anima turns round, when the tale is opposit the head." This' is what the schoolboy wrote of the horse. Old Mayor, author of a School Primer extensively used early in the Nineteenth Century, was hardly able to tell us more. Yet Mayor wrote in the Horse Age,previous to that Age of Steam which is now verging into the Age of Elec- tricity. A physician of great eminence writes :—" Our race- horses are trained so young that they soon are unet for the race-course. As with horses, so with men. A man used to be satisfied to have earned a competency at 60; now he strains to retire at 45 with a fortune. As with men, EO with race-horses ; the difficulty is to keep up their appetite and digestion." With unimpaired diges- tion the horse is enduring and fleet, the man fit to sus- tain cheerfully the extremes of fortune. Mr. Alfred Barnes, of Albert-read, Keynsham, near Bristol, says ;---" That world-famed remedy, Seigel's Syrup, has been a priceless boon to me. Thanks to its wonderfnl power, except for slight lameness, I ran as strong as ever, though 62. When first indigestion laid hold of me, everything went wrong. Often I was seized with giddiness and trembling, and had to grasp EICEIIe support to keep from falling. My appetite failed, and instead of that feeling of comfort and contentment which follows a good meal well digested, which I used to experience, there was a gnawing pain in my chest as if I VMS about to be sick, though relief sOdom cams that way. I couldn't sleep well, and consequently was weary ana worn out during the day. After a fashion I managed to get through my business ; but it was real hard work. For eight years I continued like this, never really well or free from pain. Many were the medicines I tried, but none of them did me any geed. Indigestion was sapping my strength, arid mak- ing an cld man of me before my time. It had such a grip ame that I feared nothing would shift it ; but it has gone now, and it departure dates from the time I began to take Seigel's Syrup. After taking the medi- cine for a week or two, my condition was immensely improved. It sharpened my appetite and made fool agree with me. I became bright and cheerful and feet younger. I thankfully acknowledge what Seigel's Syrup has done for me, and my experience may be pub- lisbed in any way." Such is the signed statement ef Mr. AlFred Barne2, a man well-known and esteemed in Keyesham. Mr. Barnes's case clear and unmistakable as it is, can be paralleled by hundreds of others throughout the United Kingdom. In our Carnegie Competition we have awarded One Guinea to the following :—William E Disberry, 3, Mill- street. Maryport, Cumberland ; Henry Bibberd, hedge End. Batley, Hants ; E F Humphreys, 49, Castlefore- road, Sparkhill, Birmingham ; Beatrice M. Bacchus, 4, Matlock Place, St. Vincent-street, Ladywood, Birming- ham ; C. Evans, 2, Deemer Villas, Tivoli, Cheltenham. Further awards will be announced in the newepap era from week to week.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL

This Council met in the Board Schools, Great Sankey, on Tuesday evenit g. Mr Tbompscu presided, and there were also present :—Mesers J Faton Smith, VV Taylor,T Halton, T Kilshaw, with J Smith (clerk). THE LAMP AT PE:METH-LANE END. The Chairman called attention to the tact that the lamp at Perketb-lane end had not been moved. Be hoped Mr Halton would take the matter up., Mr Halton replied that he had mentioned the matter to the Rural District Council, and it 'would have cot.- sideration beton long. allE BURIAL GROUND. THE BISHOP'S POSTPONED VISIT. . .

- Mr Halton : Have you heard anything lurther about the visit of the Bishop ot Liverpool ? The Chairman : I don't think anything is being done at preeent. Mr Halton : How is it the visit has been postpoeed ? Have you any idea ? The Chairman : No, but the Bishop declined to come except under certain conditions which could eo's be com- plied with at present. The Clerk : The matter is still the subject of corres- pondence in the district. I bad a letter shown t) me tbis morning and it was beating on the question. Mr Halton : How will it affect our position as a Council with reference to sufficient grouad Leing provided for burial purpcses ? The Chairman : It will affect us to some extent there is no doeht, but there is some correspondence going on, and it would be better to leave the further discussion ot the matter for the present. I thiek there will be no difficulty in the end. eretelr Halton : It is to be hoped not. TURNING OFF TUE WATER. The Cletk stated that he had written to Mr Dear, the Corporation water engineer at Warrington, respectisg the turning off of the water at Sankey on several occa- sions recently without Raja, being given to the resi- dents. That had put consumers to considerable ; inconvenience. In reply, Mr Dees said he regretted there had been any inconvenience, but the stoppages ' had been very short, It was rather a serious business giving notice to a whole district like Sankey and Penketb, and some of the stoppages had been sprung on him without there being time to give notice. The clerk added that since the receipt of the letter notices had been received on several occasions, so that it was evident Mr Dees was endeavouring to remedy the nuisance cemplained of. The Clerk said that notices of the turning off of the water had been given since this communication had been received. Mr Halton : Great thanks are duo to Mr Dees. The Chairman: Yes, we are very much obliged to him, ADDITIONAL POSTAL FACILITIES. A letter was read from Mr T L Vieey, postmaster, Warrington, dated October Ist, which said that he was very glad to inform the Council that be tbad received the necessary authority to commence a delivery of letters, &c., to callers at the. Sankey Post Cffice between e a.m. and 10 am. on Sundays ; also a Sunday des- patch from that office at 10 a.m. Any letters posted up to this hour would be included in the; night dee- patches from that dike' The new arrangement would commence on Sunday next, It was decided to pass a vote of thanks to Mr Vinfl for his services in the matter, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr Fulton Smith. THE MANURE NUISANCE. c; The Clerk alluded to the large number of corepleints that he had received with reference to the emptying of the manure from the data at Sankey Bridges. If it could be emptied a little further down the canal, and not where people had to pass se frequently, it would net be so bad. He had told the peeple who complained cleat they must write to the Parish Council. Mr lilshaw : The manure has to be cleared away in three days. Mr Balton : lam afraid we cannot interfere. eeee.' The Chairman It is a nuisance no doubt. It will have to be on the agenda before We Can deal With it. ' This was all the business.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

A QUEEN'S SOLDIER.

B i WALTER WOOD,

Author of "Barrack and Battlefield," "Famous British Warships," "Through Battle to Pro- motion," "A Captain in the Fusiliers," "A Soldier of the Legion," &c.

CHAPTER XIX. THE TROOPER GOES TO THE BASE.

When it was known that Mark was to go to the Base Yeomanry Hospital there arose a considerable number of men who knew all about it, and were anxious to give him details as to the treatment he might expect there and the sort of institution by which he would be tended and brought back to health. An infantryman, who had access to him, assured him that the hospital was a foretaste of Paradise; that dwellers within its precincts fed on the rarest luxuries, and that his word could be taken for it that champagnb and oysters were a steeple dish. He made it clear, moreover, that the camp was lighted by electricity, and that its appliances and appeintments generally were such as no Emperor's palace could command, although he confessed to no more knowledge of kingly dwellings than imagination gave him. A brief examination having satisfied Mark that the soldier spoke from hearsay and fancy, and not from personal observation and experience, he dis- abused his mind of the vision, and listened more willingly to a man who really had beeri to the hospital, and could swear that while there was no luxury there was everything the wounded or sick soldier needed, and that so far as skill and care could save a man he was in no danger of being lost. According to him, it was much more desirable to be inside the hospital than outside. "Now,". said the communicant, engagingly, "there's your own case. Your leg's in a bad way, bad to begin with by reason of the bullet bein' a Martini an' not a Mauser. On top of that there's your sufferin's and privations up till now. You're no more good for fightin'. I could tell that with half an eye, even if I 'adn't been hospital 'orderly at 'ome. You go to the base hospital. What 'appens ? You go into the operatin' theaytre with your leg, you ' come out without it. An' the wonderful part is that you don't see an' you don't know. Now, I've seen an' done a few things in any time. Many's the post-mortem—p.in.—l've made, practically by myself, that the doctor's got all the credit for, many's the operation I've seen; an' I can tell you I've seen no theaytre like the base hospital theaytre, an' no operations done as they do 'em there. It's what I should describe as a nice, clean, agreeable way they 'axe of doing things. All I can 'ope is that if I should be knocked over again I shall go back to that identical same place." "And you say you've been through all—all the other ? " said Mark, to whom the soldier's description had proved amazingly and horribly fascinating. A was quite possible that this was a foretaste of what he mat himself pass through. "Bather," answered the ex-orderly, proudly. "One bullet through the lungs an' another through the foot. I went through the complete mill, inaludin' the X-rays. You wouldn't under- stand what that was even if I told you. It's a bit of a mystery to me, I can tell you, an' I've seen most that's goin' in the way o' medical things,. but it's a machine that lets the doctor see through you. You look a bit stunned, but it's true. I've looked through a chap an' seen 'is 'cart beat, an' 'is inside rise an' fall. That's fact."

"It's a bit tall, Grant, isn't it ? " asked Mark, remembering how he had just suffered by reason of the imaginative efforts of aWell-meaning informant. "It's Gospel," insisted Grant, exasperated that his word should be doubted. "Dash it I • Don't I know? 'Aven't I seen it? I can • tell you don't believe me. Do you believe me when I tell you that the hospital'll accommodate a thousand patients, that it's so well fitted up that there's actually a fire-engine on the preMises, and that there's a church to go to an' a parson that edits a paper an' brings it out, as well as preaches, an' that he's a rattlin' good chap? Do you believe all that?"

"Yes," said Mark, rather unwillingly. "But you see I've been had by the other fellow so I felt a bit dubious. You've told me of the I:orrore of the place." "Not what I call'- harrora,l-said the 'eol, _ _ correctingly. "I shouldn't put it quite as strong as that."

Idler, _ I

"Very well, then, the glum side of the business," continued Mark. "Nor yet that," observed his companion. "You wait till you've seen as much as I've seen an' you'll think different. Of course "—he said this with lofty tolerance—"l quite understand 'ow things are.. You see, you're only a Yeoman. It isn't as if you'd been a real soldier when you came out an' ad been through the mill as I 'ave. Now, when you come to think of it, there's a good deal more difference than you'd think at first, if you understand. You see, with a chap like me it's a trade; I'm brought up to it an' naturally I become a good workman. My bread an' butter depends on it. Now, with you it's different. You do it by way of a bit of sport, though, mind you, I admit that some o' you chaps play the game uncommon well. You see what I'm drivin' at ? Just think of a man who has to go to sea for a livin' an' one. o' these chaps who go yachtin', then you'll under- stand it better, I woret put it blunter, because I don't wish to hurt your feelin's." "All right," said Mark, bitterly, stung once more by this unexpected taunt. "I mayn't' be the real thing, as more than one of you chaps have been ready to point out; but, all the same, it doesn't alter the fact that since I left home I've lived and fought as hard as any one of you when I've had to do it, and haven't expected to be made 'a colonel for it, either. And as for the rest, I suppose a Martini in the leg's a,s bad for me as if I'd been a regular Tommy, isn't it ? " His companion looked surprised, then bewildered; then lie admitted that there was something in what Mark said, and that, after all, he supposed an Imperial Yeoman was as good as a Lifeguardstnan. "That's something," said Mark. "You'll be admitting that we're soldiers next." "Yes; when you've seen a bit more service and lost a few more men," agreed the soldier, who was of the school which judges of the severity of a fight solely according to the number of killed and wounded at the end of the engagement. "You've told me a lot about the hospital," said Mark, "but' you've said nothing about the nurses. What are they like? How many are there?" "A matter of fifty, all told," said the soldier. "As for what they'rja like, well, they're all good, they're as like melt other as peas in that way. Mind you, they are nurses, .too. No amateurs, about it, neither. They all know their work an' do it; an' I can tell you it's something to 'ave 'ern about the place, seem' that they're all from first-rate hospitals at 'mite, London an' the provinces. But, mind you, I didn't always 'old with. 'em, I mean with women in hospitals. I believed in the good old hospital orderly. Besides, there are so many things that Tommy don't fancy women for when he's laid on his back in the straw. But that , apart, many's the life that's been saved by the nurses at the base, and many's the death that's been easier by 'ern, too. God bless 'em! But was you specially interested in the nurses, or any one of 'REII ? " "There was one," answered Mark. "Ah, I thought as much," said the soldier, with a sigh of pleasure at the clearness of his mental vision. "You don't easily blind me; go on. Though I must say that I thought a few of 'em were sweet on, the doctors. However, at such places, it's bound to be so. Go on, describe her, then I'll tell you if I ever came across her." "Well," said Mark, rather awkwardly, "it's a bit hard. I'm no good at descriptions." "No more am I," said the soldier. "Was she dark ?" he asked, helpfully, quite as willing .to tell as Mark was anxious to bear.

"Rather," said Mark, greatly encouraged; "that is to say, she's more dark than she is light:" "Good teeth, bright eyes, sort of wavy 'air?" - continued the soldier. "Wavy 'air with a gleam of brown in it, as it might be ?" "Exactly," replied Mark, eagerly. ' "There was a lot like that," continued the soldier, discouragingly. "But wait a minute, they weren't all one size. That'll 'elp as. Was she , tall?"

"Medium," answered Beim. "She isn't what you'd call tall, and yet she certainly isn't short. She's betwixt an' between, as we say where I come from." "Not without flesh on 'er bones ?" asked the soldier, still engagingly. "She was pretty plump, but I daresay she's gone off a bit," said Mark. "They all do," said Grant. "Their colour

iziaes, too, so I won't as it she 'ad rosy cheeks. Anyway, if there are rosy cheeks they're made, not horn. if YOU understand "

"But what a waste of time," said Mark. "Why didn't I ask you straight off if you'd come across her by telling her name—Lizzie Jackson? Surely you must have heard of it?" He looked anxiously at his companion. "Nurse Lizzie, Nurse Jackson; Sister Lizzie, Sister Jackson; Miss • Lizzie Jackson," repeated Grant, shaking his head slowly. "No, I can't work the name and the description in with any of 'em. But I say," he added, hastily, noticing Benn's disappointment, "you needn't be down in the mouth about it. You must remember that the Major says she's (there, an' he ought to know. He's been there a lot later than I 'ave. Anyway, you'll very soon know with your own eyes. Well, so long, an' good luck. I only wish I stood in your shoes."

"Legs and all ?" asked Mark, with a smile. "Legs an' all, even with Martini bullets in •em both," said Gra.nt, firmly; and there'avas something so encouraging and confident in what he said that Mark refused to dwell longer on the gloomy picture which his companion's earlier utterances had drawn in his imagination. The Major, whose opinion as to Mark's condition had been fully confirmed by medical opinion, was desirous for many things that the patient should go away. The war had been productive- of strange inci.slents, and there was no certainty that amongst them would not be numbered Mark's sudden and mysterious recovery. In such a case there would be nothing for it but to return the horse ; and with so much sorry cattle about, the officer felt that this would be more than a personal calamity; it would affect the whole battalion and impair its efficiency. Since Mark must go, it was better that he should go soon, and accordingly the Major displayed great zeal in despatching him to the base hospital. Other sick and wounded were being sent—cases for both physician and surgeon. There were officers and men from a hard engagement who were wanting still that skilled surgical treatment which it had not been possible for them to get upon the field; and amongst the wounded, continuing their journey, were those who had been injured long ,before in the earlier days of a siege of a little border town. _ _

In learning of the sufferings of some of these,: Mark almost fait that his own were insignificant. As •he journeyed towards Delfontein, too, he heard of so many marvellous recoveries that he began to hope that, bad as his wound was, he could, with his courage and constitution, pull through without the loss of a limb and disfigurement for life.

It seemed a long, weary, exhausting journey to the base; but Mark bore bravely up against it, the flame of his courage fanned by the expectation of again meeting with Lizzie. With him were a number of other Yeomen, and he was surprised to notice that one of the doctors, who had appeared somewhat impassive, became animated and eager on seeing them. Mark was the first of the Yeomen to be carried in by the hospital orderliss ; immediately after him were other members of the Yeomanry whose branch of the service was apparent. Seeing these, the doctor, addressin someone near him whom Mark could not see, said': "Hullo, here comes a batch of your Imperials. You're in luck's Way. Perhaps one of them's seen him, and can tell you where he is,,, The doctor laughed—a kind, little sympathetic laugh—as he spoke, and stepped aside so that his companion could get in front of him. Mark turned his head curiously to look at the doctor. Instead of seeing him, his eyes met those of Lizzie. _ _ .

' For an instant the two had a wild and almost uncontrollable impulse to rush to each. other's ATM. Instinctively their arms stretched forth to one another; then they remembered that people were watching. "Hullo, Liz," said Mark, sinking back upon the stretcher. "I'm glad to be with you again." He tried to speak as if they had been parted only a day, and as if no perils and privations had been passed through since he saw her last; and he succeeded well enough to Cause his bearers to go on as if nothing had taken place and they had noticed nothing. Lizzie did not utter a word. She turned and looked at her friend the doctor. But her eyes were very full of tears, and the keen Donald knew how perilously near she was to breaking down completely. "That's the way to do it,".said the doctor, heartily, but with something of a mist in his own vision., "It's a thousand times better than making a fuss. Now we've got him, we must make the most of him, eh? I don't think he's very bad. I hope not." "But," whispered Lizzie, almost fiercely, "I don't hope that—l mean—l mean—l hope he's bad enough to be kept here till the war's over. I— I—"

I _vision. "It's a thousand ti• 4.-zs. Now we've got hi

“There, there, that'll do; I understand,” mid the surgeon. "I see it all, really. I'd do the same if I were in your shoes—l would, on my conscience. Besides, I'm certain ,he's had his fair share of it. Lucky Yeoman! I suppose-there are not many who'd change places with him just now, eh?"

The doctor laughed at his own ponderous sarcasm, and then went cheerfully about his business

CHAPTER XX. A WOMAN PREVAILS. _ Faithful and devoted as she had been to all the patients in the hospital since she had entered it, Lizzie had thoughts or care for no one but Mark when he was brought in by the bearers. She had waited long for his coming, and now that he was here she felt that nothing must arise which should part them again. One wish only possessed her, and that was to get him away from a country to which, like so many more, she had come with so light a heart, and from which, like them, she yearned to IV. On every hand she had seen appalling spectacles —the ravages of rifle and artillery fire; the ghastly mischief-making of disease; and time , after time she had prayed that at whatever cost to pride and country the war might end. Only the sternest determination to see her task through to the very end, and the knowledge that she was really doing good, kept her up at all in body, and only the belief and hope that Mark would come through all his dangers safely, sustained her mentally and kept her from crushing, mental depression. Until now she would not have felt that her task was done, or nearly done, and she would have refused to abandon it; but with the return of Mark she could think that the country had no such claim upon her as he himself had. Satisfied on this point, she made it her mission to see first to him and then to join in the ministrations of her comrades to the rest. Donald, the surgeon, watching her, understood. He had seen much of Lizzie and her work, and both she and it appealed to him very powerfully. The little misunderstanding with the lady of title had clinched their companionship, and he was willing to do all he could to help her. In so large a hospital, with so many patients needing treatment, it was not the easiest of things for Lizzie to give to Mark the time and care which she longed to give; but with the help of Donald thil attention was made the easier of fulfilment. At the first moment she was bending over him, anxious to know what he had done and how much he had suffered. In a few brief sentences she learnt all ; as for his wound, her own trained eyes told her that delay had made it serious, and that all the skill and care of the great hospital would be essential to keep Mark from becoming a human wreck.

"I don't know much of doctoring, Liz," he said; "but I've heard some wonderful tales of what your people here have done. Why, it seems nothin-$ nowadays for a man to get a bullet through WO head or body. There's no need then, surely, to worry about a more leg. It's pretty painful, end doesn't look nice; but I suppose you'll soon get me up and about again?" "The doctors are very clever," answered Lizize, with heavy misgivings as to their skill in her lover's ease. "But, you know, they can't do everything." "Why," exclaimed Mark, looking full into her fake, "you don't suppose there's any danger of— of--"

"Hush!" whispered Lizzie. '"There now, take another drink, and don't bother."

"I'd rather die," said Mark, desperately, "than go through life a cripple. What good should Ibo on the farm 'then ? What about riding, getting over hedges and across rough ground; and fifty things that I should have to do when I take the farm over? Tell me that." "You mustn't worry," protested Lizzie. "Now, here comes Dr. Donald. You must see what he RM." -The surgeon, businesslike, collected, came to Mark's bedside and made a swift examination.

- Both Mark and Lizzie watched his face intently; but they gathered nothing from his looks.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Vacc!nation, and how to make the Best of it.

Donalct was not tne man to Detray ens Mounts. Ire was moving quickly away to another bed when Mark respectfully detained linn. "Dare I ask you what you think of it, sir?" lie - said. _ _ _

"Now, no questions," answered the surgeon.. pleasantly. "It'll soon be all right." "If it looks bad, it's because of the terrible knocking about it's had," said Mark, anxious to put the best appearance on his case. "You see, sir, I was starving and tramping on the veld for a whole week. That's upset it a bit." 4 "Upset it a bit!" said Donald. ." The mystery ie that it didn't kill you. You must have the consti- tution of an elephant." "I am pretty tough," said Mark, proudly. "It's a feature of the family. I daresay the thinell look different in a day or two, sir." , He looked anxiously at the doctor as he-spoke. "Yes, it'll look different," answered Donald, moving off. "I say," said Mark, eagerly, bending towards Lizzie, "what's he mean ? There was something queer in the way he said that."

"Oh, nothing, Mark ;don't worry. Just lie down and keep still. You must, you know, or you'll make things worse. There's .nothing to bother about."

"All right, Liz, I'll take your word for it," said Mark, resignedly. "I'm just feeling now as if I could go to sleep for ever—anyway, as if I could go off for a day or two. I suppose I'd better? '

"Yes," said Lizzie, eagerly, smoothing his pillows. "It's the very best thing you could do. Lots of the men who've been brought in have been made new creatures by a long, sound sleep." "Right you are," said Mark. "in the ordinary course of• things I'd keep awake, no matter how hard it was, because I should always fancy • that they'd rush down on me and cart me off and maul me about before I knew what had happened; but now that you're about I'm different. I know you'll see that there's no hanky-panky work." Mark turned his head away, and so intense was his desire for rest that he fell asleep almost instantly. Very rapidly and silently did Lizzie get through her work just then. As soon as it was finished she sought out Donald. He was talking with another member of the medical staff who, Lizzie thought, looked at her with special interest as he left Donald at her approach. "Well ? " said the surgeon. "Your young man is inquisitive. It would be a bit awkward if all patients were like him. In any other case it would have been over by now, You understand what I mean?"

"Yes," answered Lizzie; "but surely it isn't necessary? "Absolutely; there's no doubt on the point," said Donald. "It's the only way. We've arranged to get it done at once. I'm very sorry, but, you know, it can't be helped. I wish you hadn't been about just now. However, I know how sensible you are, and that you'll look at it in the right light."

i‘Butl-but—" said Lizzie, almost helplessly, "are yo certain—quite certain?" "It MT t just my opinion," said Donald. "Ife's been seen by several of us, you know." "But I'm sure you needn't go so far as that," urged Lizzie. "Think what a constitution he has, and what a good rest will do, what it has done so often."

"It's the only thing we can do," persisted Donald. "You've seen enough by this time to know it, too. My dear girl, don't worry, there have been thousands of worse cases since the war began. After all, a man can get along through life as well on one leg as on two. I tell you again, to a man with a constitution like his the thing's a mere detail, if we'd only had the handling of him at the beginning this mightn't have been necessary." "But if it wasn't necessary at first, why now?" asked Lizzie, imploringly. "My dear girl," answered the surgeon, "the answer is so obvious that I won't give it. You might as reasonably ask why it's harder to put a fire out when it's got a firm hold of a building than it is to squelch it when there's only a spark." "Xhen there's no hope? " she asked. "Of saving it? No. I'm very sorry, but I'm sure there isn't. Now, do go and make yourself fit to look after him when he comes out."

"Dr. Donald," she said, laying a hand on hi arm, "I'm so absolutely certain that it needn't bet done that I'm going to ask you to do me a favour, put it off for a day—two days, three, as long as yoc. can ; let's see what we can do. Then if it's- - that we can do 'nothing, Itfon't say an word."

"Very well," answered Donald. "I'll promise, but with a very bad grace. I'll wash my bands of the responsibility. You can take my word for it— you can wait a day or two, or seven—but you're simply putting off the evil for just the length of time you wait."

(To be continued.)

Vaccination is a burning question, and divides public opinion to-day as widely as ever. "Objectors " ands others may like to know, says the" Hants and Sussex News," that at Hawthorne Cottage, the Stroud, near \ Perersfield, there lives .a highly respectable and in- dustrious widow, Mrs L Tribe by name, lately moved thither from an adjoining parish, and who at cue time felt that vaccination bad an adverse in. fluence upon one of her sons, until, thanks to Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people, the greatest of all blood medicines, saved him. This boy, now ' sixteen years old, bad been ill ever sines he was vaccin- ated as an infant,and Mrs Tribe said "I blamed vaccina- tion for it, and always shall. Ever since he was vaccinated be has been ailing eff and on. He has suffered from complaints of the chest 3nd chiefly from chronic asthma. There was some internal trouble as well, and at one time his kidneys were in a dreadful state. Re was always a trouble, and I didn't feel free to go any- where or do anything. The doctor told me he would never live to see fourteen, and only a twelvem meth ago said, " It will take a lot to make a man of th at bey." But be is sixteen now and a lot better and has got as fat as can be." " How do you account for that ?" we asked. " Well," she replied, " a great improvement took place in him about the end of last March. Several people had said to me, • Why don't you try s oine of Dr. Williams' pink rills for pale peeple and see what they would do? They have caved the lives of many young men and women in a decline.' Of cou Tee, we had tried very nearly everything that we could t hink of. and had had the beet medical advice, but the boy did not get better, so I decided as a last resource to give Dr. Williams' pink pills a trial. After he had taken two or three boxes he said he began to feel better in hi mself and se continaed to take them regularly until he ha d so far recovered as to be able to take a situation. I shall Still give him some of the pills now and again," a ddect Mrs. Tribe," and I hope in time be will be quite well and that I shall be able to get him in'o a club. They wouldn't pass him for a club before." Vaccination and re-vaccination are blamed for in any diseases really due to nothing more than impoveti eh- merit of the blood and general debility. It is a• w isa precaution for all who have been vaccinated to give a, little attention to the blood, by using Dr Williams' piD pills for pale people (Dr. Williams' medicine comps nye Holborn-viaduct, London, will send them post free for 2s 2d.), and, indeed, so greatly do they strengthen and fortify the system that they are really almost as great a protection as vaccination itself. They have cure d a large number of cases of anemia, coneumptiog, dec line, general weakness, spinal weakness, paralysis, con Os. bronchitis, bile and liver disorders; the pure rich b load they glee is not only a help to meke the most of the pro— tection afforded by vaccination hut also a guars rites against any possihle evils which might otherwise fn how in the train of vaccination. It is folly to expect arm rola and serious diseases to be cored by purgatives, Iwo ich• gallop out of the system.

At the Leeds Assizes on Wednesdav, F.ank Crowt'ler Wilkinson, mill manager, recovered :£225 damages from Day, Son and Nephew, woollen manufacturers, Ravens- thorpe, for wrongful dismissal. The defendants said they discharged plaintiff because of his alleged Misconduct with young women employed under him, hut their counsel yesterday withdrew unreservedly all ths charffea aealnat him and exnreesed regret that they had boon made. Mr Justice Grantham said it was manifest that the defence bad been got up for the purpose of depriv- ing the plaintiff of the compensation to which he srea entitled under his agreement, and he was extrsmeiF sorry that such a thing should have bappeutAl iiit'ae county of Yoilr. A man who has not yet been identified broke into a shop in Hackney in tbp early hours of Wednesday morning. The brother of the proprietor of the ehop was awakened by the noise the man made. Ho fired at the burejar and shot him through the brain. Ho sc,a3 brought up at Woiship-street Police Court on the citarzo Of" unlawfully " and temanded on bail.

,1;?!'

It , quite tether

===== 0002601_19011213_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HEALTH INSURANCE.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
DELICIOUS.

WHITE & BLUE

COFFEE.

S'or Breakfast and after Dinner.

BOLD EVERYWHERE.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RED

===== 0002601_19011213_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. Mr. A. H. GrosFie—l—d—on the Need of Social Reforms.

The unfavourable weather on Mondmy last seriously affected the attendance at the annual meeting of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association. Teem was only a small gathering at the tea, which was provided in the Committee Room at seven o'clock, and the subse- quent proceedings in the library were also meagrely attended. Mr A H Crosfield presided, and amongst the ladies present were Mrs Z Oda Armitage (president), Mrs H Roberts (hon. treasurer), Mrs C Jackson Holmes (boa. secretary), Mrs Walker, Mrs Clay, Mrs ain, Mrs Moon- field and others.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS BY MISS WIIBBE.

The proceedings eammeacea with an address by Miss Wubbe, of Liverpool, wuo had to leave eatly to catch a train. Tue tholes, she said were very troublous, and It behoved them to tread very carefudy for fear of treading on somebody's corns and do harm where they might do good. A considerable amount of me diffi- culty seemed to have been removed in consequence of the meeting of the Liberal Federation at Denis- a few days ago. She urged them in the words of Longfellow not to " look mournfuily into the past," but to " wisely improve the present and to go forward to meet the future with confidence." That was just what the Liberal Federation did. It said at once ‘• The past is a matter upon which we all hold different views,atici if we hp Ito reunite we will for the presentfput the oast aside. We .an only take the present and the tuture." But was the present a state In which they wished to remain ? Was there anything they wanted to ianprove ? They wanted to get rid at the Conservative Government and to put in their places men the nation could trust and in whom they could have confidence. Tee retrospect was exceedingly gloomy, and instead of having a strong Government they had a family clique, or two family parties who seemed to get on comfortably together—one side by getting his own way, end the otner side by giving in. (Laughter.) In the House of Commons many innovations had been introduced which would have a serious effect upon future legislation if efforts were not made to cheek them. Wubbe referred to the manner in which the financial proposals of tie Government were carried in the last session. The Government wanted to introduce ten minute speeches so that they could closure members and if the English people did not wake up they would ' find their liberties sl.pping away from them. It should be a recognizel thing in the country that paople should 'be able to hold meetings without having them broken. IThere was a sort of reign of disorder, and meetings were not allowed to be held if contrary t popular fas'aion. Let everyone have free speech ; they used t 3 be proud of it. (Hear, hear.) Miss Wubbe proceeded to contrast the condition of South Africa prior to the accession of the present Government and to its condition now. Whatever they might think of the conduct of the war she thought they were agreed it had lasted long enough. We had exacted sufficient punishment for any crimes the Boers might have committed. It was always the part of the stronger power to offer terms and the only terms we had yet offered were unconditional surrender and no shred of independence. These were terms which no free-spirited people could accept. It was for tie Liberal party to offer new terms. It had been sug- gested that it would be necessary to recall Sir Alfred !lifter. His conduct was differently viewed by differ- ent people. It did not seem a generous thing to dis- grace a man when be had been doing his best. None of them thought it WAS a generous manner to treat General Buller —(applause)—as he was treated, and per- haps they would think it was a little bit mean to recall Sir Alfred Milner. But it might became necessary to have a commissioner like Lord Cromer or Lord Rosebery who would command the sympathies and confidence of bothisides. If such a man could be found to go out comosissione Ito bring about terms of peace it would greatly conduce to such terms being found. Reference was made to the efforts of Sir DenryoCampbell Bannerman to unite the Liberal party moue common policy with reference to the war, and Miss Wubbe proceeded to refer to the concentra- tioncampe. She expressed the pleasure that the medi- cal papers were showing the Government what steps wore nee, scary in order to diminish the appalling death rate in the concentration camps. The fiaancial con- dition of the country was also spoken of, Miss Wubbe contending that the country could not coatinue to go on spending 11 millions per week on the war without bringing about: a financial crisis which would seriously affect the trade of the country. The recent speech of the Prince of Wales at the Guildhall was highly commended, and the speaker stated that New Zealand was a type ef what an English colony should be. There they had old age pensions, and the women had Women's Suffrage, two much needed reforms in this moat ry. In conclusion, Miss Wubbe appealed to them to put their heads, hearts and hands together to make the Liberal party what it was in the days of their grand o'd leader. (Applause.) SPEECH BY MR. A. EL CROSFIELD. The CHAIRMAN, who had a cordial reception, said : I wish in the first place to thank you for your kindness in inviting me to join yell this evening, not the first debt of gratitude which in common with other Liberate in our town I owe to the Liberal ladies of Warrington. As gratitude is, we know, a sense of further:favours to come—(hsughter)—l hope we may profit still further by your kindness and support in the future. (Hear, hear). Miss Wubbe in her comprehensive address. whica covered a good deal of ground, naturally alluded to the topic which unfortunately in public affairs still over- shadows everything else. Daring the past twelve months I have done my best to investigate the causes— and the alleged causes—of this disastrous struggle in South Africa and I era afraid you have been treated to rather a long-winded discusq on of that matter in our local press. Well, I take it most of us are agreed upon the following points. In tho first place when Sir Edward Grey tells us that Mr Chamberlain's diplomacy previous to the war was in fact not diplomacy at all, we bold that that admission is in itself a condemnation of the utter folly—if we were to consider its conse- quences we might well say the iniquity—of this new diplomacy. (Applause). We cannot forget the reckless way in which Mr Ceamberlain raised excitement to fever heat by publishing in August 1893, Lord Miler's memorable despatch, practically asking for extreme measures, neither can we forgit that at that critical time he Was publicly ceinparing the President of the Transvaal to a "squeezed sponge,"—one of those amenities which other nations have been less accus- tomed. than ourselves to expect from Birmmgharn— (laughter) —or that, to cap all, towards the close of ' these negotiations the Colonial Secretary must go and raise his terms in the bargain and so break negotiations off. Those are the first grounds on which most of us have condemned the Government's policy, or rather I should say, lack of any sane policy at all. We main- tain—and in this I think I speak for most of us—that no real case or necessity for fighting was ever made out and that with a wise and statesmanlike conduct of efairs we should never have brought the Boers to issuing their ultimatum. (Hear, hear). THE GOVERNMENT'S C)NDOC T OF THE WAR.

In the second plnce, as we did get to lighting and as we are all agreed that the invaders had to be driven from our territory, the first thing to do was to assert our power in the field: I feel very sure there are no two opinions about that in Warrington. (Hear. hear.) But then when we bad done so, after the capture of Bloemfontein, or at any rate alter Lord Roberts reached Pretoria, why did we not make terms with the Boere. Instead of that we treat them to a senseless and impos- sible demand for unconditional surrender, as groat a blunder to my'rnind as the war itself. (Hear, hear.) I heard Sir Edward Grey argue the other day at the Philharmonic in Liverpool that instead of criticising this question of policy we should attack the Government for its inefficient management. I do not agree at all. Their rmanagement or mismanagement of affairs, their lack of knowledge and ordinary foresight has been bad enough, so that Lord Rosebery may well exclaim, " Oh, my Heavens, is the Ananias yet born who will defend them ?" (Laughter): lint important as these details of management are, in politics as in business, the same rule applies, and though close attention to detail is important and indeed absolutely essential, sound policy is even more so still. It has obviously been a terrible mistake to crowd these unfortunate people together in concentration camps ; te send their women and children into crowded camps where the ground was already saturated with the germs of disease. The frightful mortality we see in these camps is as great as ever, and the sooner they are Ibroken up :the better. (Applause). ft-lay's paper seems to give one some hope of this being done,hut in

MIL Exclusively for beautifying .the skin, for the stops ping of falling hair, for softening and whitening red, rough hands, for annoying irritations, too free or Offensive perspiration, washes for ulcerative weaknesses, for many sanative antiseptic purposes, and for all the uses of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Price b. Sold by oil Chemists, or pnetpuicl by F. .I.4L,SEEEY London. E. C. roTISE DUG AND CUBIC. COltry Isesson, U. S. A

1 10 CLEAR THE NOTHINti COMPLEXION :7, •,.,,,f7e;•: , LIKE 1 ' OF ~,,-;',,_•,',444' 71,4) 1 CUMIN% BLEMISHES t'Nftlftlyll SOAP l• " - 4 ' • ,t• ' ,-;-:-`•!-1 cr fl !, t do, L,_:- N:.:„,,k,,,,,‘ • ,viri ,-„,--.--,',"-- , „ - .i ----z-'..r..--• -/i ILLiONS of WOMEN use CUTICURA SOAP

.iure

===== 0002601_19011213_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
no EXAMINER, FRIDA:V. DECEMBER 13 1901.

the first instance all this unspeakable misery and death amongst women and children has been the result of the policy of devastation which in itself was the con- sequence ol driving things to the bitter end. It is no use for the Government to shelter themselves behind our soldiers and our army. We all know that with the chivalry and the traditions in the army, officers and men alike have done what they could to mitigate the severities of this policy and we have nothing but respect and admiration and sympathy tor the steadfastness aad bravery with which our soldiers have maintained this wearing and ruinous struggle. (Applause.) Every Eng- lishman wtrthy the name, entirely without distinc‘ion of politics, admires and values their devoted services. Our quarrel is with the policy and proceedings that led up to this war and under which it has been continued. (dear, hear.)

log. it was proposed last year to hold occasional social meetings of an instructive character, bat owing to so many public calls for help your committee has not seen its way to carry them out so far. We shall hope for some in the future. The resignation of our worthy secretary, Mrs Grimshaw, on account of the lamented serious ill-health of her husband, has been very reluct antly accepted. Sne leaves us with the heartfelt sym- pathy of all with whom she has came in contact. Fier place during the current year will be tilled by Mrs C Jackson Holmes. We should like to see our numbers msterially increased, and hope our members will do tneir best to °nuance the usefulness of the association by obtaining new subscribers, thus creating a wider in- terest and spreading the work over a greater area. Two of your committee, Mrs Clay and Mrs Cook, acted as delegates from our association to the federation meet- ings held this time in Birmingham. We are glad that we have such an able and attentive representative on the Board of Guardians as Mrs Clay, and we trust it will not be long before she has another member of this association .as a col- leigue. Your committee, in common with the country at large, deeply deplores the continu- ance of the war in South Africa, with its disas- trous results, material moral and spiritual. They hope that the Ministers of the Crown will very OM Use every effort to bring about peace by peaceable methods. 'they regard with dismay the terrible mortality its the Concentration Camps,especially among the children, as revealed by the latest official returns, and they would urge the Government to em- ploy every remedial measure sanitary and medical, science suggests and Christian love demands." (Applause).

===== 0002601_19011213_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
V7RELT IS TO BE DONE.

And now what is the present position and whit is to be done. I think you will all agree with Me resolution passed at Darby that a Peace Commissioner should be sent out to endeavour to make terms. It is not certain that tie Boers would accept terms based on their incor- poration in the Empire. We have exasperated and Uri von many of them to desperation—(hear. hear),—hat at least the attempt m'ght be made. Fighting to a finish is an ugly enouga prospect for Us, but for the enemy it is a terrible prospect and they know it from experience, Then why should we not semi out some diplomatist of the highest standing as a Peace Coln- minioner ; some man who will not in the eyes of the B oers be responsible for this misery and death among their women and children. A man lits Lord Cromer, or if his health admitted, Lord Duff aria. (Hear, hear.) The country is on the tip-toe of expectation in view of a speech which Lord Roselocry—(hear. hear)—is to make this day week at Chesterfield. If that briltiant and gifted statesman, to whom we owe much, and from whom we expect much—(applause)—has finished his little agricultural experiment—(iaughter)—and like the old Roman means tp forsake the plough and return to politics, some of us will be deeply disappointed if he does not drive this point home when he makes what is bound to be a memorable speech.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME POLITICS.

Miss Wubbe has alluded to home politics, but reform there is sally handicapped and delayed by our pre- occupation and enormous expenditure abroad. Ai she said about old age pAnsions, how can we aff 3rd to tackle even the most feasible and practicable scheme when it is proposed, aa it ought to be proposed, in the future. However this Taeltion may be dealt with, we at any rate as Liberals will not fool the public as they have been fooled by that astute wire-puller at Birming- ham. Laughter.) " Once bitten twica shy" la the old saying ; I shouldl think the electorate would not ba taken in twice en that matter.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
EDIICATIDN AND TEMPRRANCE.

I suppose we all agree that no ref rin is more urgent awl pressing than that which shall put our educational system on a reasonable and intelligible footing. That fact is being brought home to us in a very direct way in Warrington at the present moment—(cheers)—but bow are we going to get the thing done. Is there any- body who thinks this effete, playediout government— (laughter)—capable of dealin; with such a question ? Then again, I daresay that on the lines of Lord Peel's report, temperance reform—(hear, bear)—is a thing which we Liberals in Warrington. and particularly the Liberal ladies of Warrington consider to be of para- mount importance. Well does anyone expect we shall get Ibis from the Tories ? Not a chance of it—(hear bear)—and when you bear plenty of people uttering pious opinions in favour of a", reduction of the number of licensed premises—a reduction vitich would clear out the worst and leave the best—l say why doa't they help us ?

===== 0002601_19011213_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOUSING OF THE POOR..

Tae housing of the poor, and toe taxation of ground rents and sites values are two questions which are inter- dependent. Taxation of ground rents and sites values, it may be a dry sound, but what does it mean ? It mmns. that in the first instance I sad which at present is kept unoccupied will be brought into the market. It means neither spoliation nor injustice but it does mean that in the neighbourhood of towns, laud will be obtainable at a reasonable figure instead of fancy prices being demanded for it. I must not take up your time by d &cussing this matter too much in detail but the results of this reform when we carry it, as we have got to carry it—(hear, hear)—will be less pressure of the population on the centres of our crowded cities, cheap tramways to the outskirts, a onance for workingmen to get back and to from their work in reasonable time, cottages with gardens on the outskirts of towns like Warrington where people will ,tae more of the air of heaven to breathe and their children some place better than the gutter to play in. To my mind this reform is so just and so necessary that not only Liberals but Con- servatives of high standing, men like Lord Derby and Lord Stanley of fine public whit must in their hearts approve it. But in the great reforms I have mentioned to you you must not expect the initiative to come from our Conservative friends. No, we have got to provide the initiative and lead the way. We already have a a large backing in Warrington but why should it not be larger still ? Why don't more people—and more 1 ladies.—(hear, hear)—support us ? Well I must not ; take up your time by answering that question at any great length but I will give you a few reasons which no el:Alb"; must of us have heard given in reply to it.

THE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST LIBERALISM. First of all it is allsged—and this allegation is dili- gently circulated on the T3ry side—that Liberalism is antagonistic to discipline. It is nothing of the sort. Liberty is not license. The discipline of the martinet that grudges a man his individuality and seeks to crush out that individuality which has done more than any- thi ag else to make England what she he—(bear, hear,)— that I dislike and repudiate. But it is just as absurd to pretend that our great factories and commercial under- takings can succeed without the employers are masters in their works, as to think you can run a cricket eleven or sail a ship unless the captain has his due authority. Then lately a great dal has been made out of this cry of "Little Englander." With a few unimportant excep- tions there is absolutely nothing in it, and I cannot do better than read you what Sir Henry Campbell Banner- man says on the matter, "They talk of some people being Little Englanders, but I never met a Little Eaglander in the flesh. I have read of him in the news- papers. (Laughter.) It is a phrase invented by some clever newspaper writer, no doubt, and now used as a taunt to be thrown by any worshipper of force and vulgar display which he mistakes for patriotistraagainst I men who are better men than himself." Ia the same speech he says also, " We are all of us proud of the posh- Una of our country in the world, and of our great I E npire. We are anxious to knit in the bonds of; sympathy and confluence all those great communities that have gone out from these shores. Wo are ready to defend our imperial interests, and to add to the Empire if it is necessary." As I have mentioned Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman, and as I am sure you all admire the pluck and devotion to duty with which he is carry- ing out the difficult and rather thankless task in leading the Opposition in the House of Commons at this very difficult titre, may I say that when I met Sir Henry II his house in London the other day I ventured to assure him in your name and in the name of other Liberals in IVarrington that he might depend upon receiving your eor,lial and thorough going supp wt. (Cheers).

===== 0002601_19011213_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
IIiPERIALISM.

But to return to Imperialism, wnat they are striving to do on the :other side is to make support of the Government's infatuated policy in South Africa a con- dition for a man calling himself a sane Imperialist. I absolutely refuse to admit anything of tits kind. (Rear, hear.) The great bulk of the nation, thank goodness, are not Jingoes but they are sane enough Imperialists an i I- agree entirely with Sir Edward Grey that tha Imperialism is not at all likely in the future to be any dividing line between parties. Btfore I sit down I will ' just give you one ether reason, which perhaps More than anything else brings grist to the Tory mill now as ,it always has done. There have always been so many ' worthy but extremely shortsighted and even politically blind people—(laughter)—who regard every reform carried in the interests of tie people at large merely as a stepping stone to wildly revolutionary schemes to follow—schemes that would make for anarchy—sr a's any rate tend in the direction of a vulgarised form of democracy. That is why I think so many people are proud of what they call, " puttieg a dreg on the wheels of the Coach of State." The whoie history of the last century of our politics ptoves they are wrong. IVe can see plain enough that the greater the well being of the people at large, the greater is the stability of our in - stitutions and society, so that as Mr Gladttane himself once put it, "sound but progressive Liberalism is in the end the best form of Conservatism." If, in John Bright's simple phrase "We still have to plead for just laws justly administered," we thereby do not help to destroy but to preserve all that is worth preserving in our country and its institutions. We need not quarrel with our Conservative friends ; some people must of course voice and give'effe.ct to the Conservative instincts whi-211 it is the function of Liberalism to create. But while there are always plenty of people ready for this reason to join what I once heard John Bright call the " EtAndstill Club " and so increase by political inertia and apathy and short-sighted laissez faire the dead weight of the status quo, you ladies fulfil a perhaps mor difficult but far more honourable part in our politics, ' because to you it falls, in Mr. 2,lorley'a phrase, "to help ' to sweii that great tide of progressive opinion upon the force and set of whose currents so largely depends the prosperous voyaging of humanity." (Applause). ELECTION OF OFFICERS AND COMMITTEE. appointedCy en aarn :t._E sp rJetAshci eds eos ni zo ;•:se eHrmso rLosir At shr , emt aihtseas On the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Mr go oleic: I:. It°vi owi nci vice-presidents, sati hdd eei enestnssw, umei nrregs drosfield, Mica Dutton, Mrs Garnett, Mrs Pierpoint ; treasurer, Mrs II Roberts ; secretary, Mrs C Jackson / FlolmeS ; committee, Mrs Clay, Mrs Wa;ker. Mrs Moon- fiold, Mrs Sathbone, Mrs Wyllie, Mrs J H Hill, and Mrs O'Brien.

SECRETARY'S REPORT. THE RESIGNATION OF MRS GEIIMSHAW.

Mrci JacitsoN HOLMES then read the following report : " Our association has been going on much as usual during the past year. We had the annual ball in the winter, the picnic in the summer, and now we are in the midst of our annual tea meet-

===== 0002601_19011213_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
vorEs OF THANKS.

The report was adopt od on the prcposition of Mrs Annirr.toe, seconded by Mrs CLAY. 0 1 the motion of Mrs ARMITAGR, seoonded by Mrs H Romires, votes of thanks were ace Tded to Miss Wubbe. to the Cloairman, and to Mrs Jackoon ilues, and Miss Hensloal for their services. Mrs ARMITAGE alluded to dos recant death of one of the members ot th. 3 committee (Mrs Cooke), and at her request it was decided to paso a vote of condolence with the family. Tunes present signified their approval by standing in silence. Mrs H ROBERTS having made an apaeal ta the metes- bars with reference to the collection of subscriptions, alluded to the death of Mrs Cooke, which she said was a great loss, Sae had lost a personal friend who had helped her considerably in the work of the association. Toe meeting then terminated. , Dating the evening, Miss Henshall very tasteful sang two solos and Mrs C Jackson Holmes contributed a pianoforte solo.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
--e.- A PRISONER FOR SEVENTEEN

YEARS.

An interesting event has just been rennrted by a " Liverpool Courier " representative. For 17 years Mra Elizabeth McNulty, of 49, Price-street, Birkenhead, has been a martyr to a disease which caused her to be prac- tically cut off from the outside world. Pronounced incurable, this poor derelict of humanity abandoned all hope, and re3iened herself to the worst. But a kindly Providence smiled at lase upon her and brought Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness to her notice. She tried them, with the result that, in spite of the gloomy view of her case by eminent medical men. and opera- tions undergone to no purpose, Mrs McNulty is now perfectly cured, and is daily receitring the congratula- tions of a dumb-founded neighbourhood. This is the wonderful story as detailed by her to a " Courier " reporter : " I had enjoyed as good health as anyone could desire until about seventeen years ago, when after attending upon a neighbour's little girl who was down with scarlet fever I contracted the disease myself. In a matter of seven weeks I recovered, but remained for several msaths in so weak a state that I could scarcely walk across the fl ear. I was racked with fearful pains in the head : so bad were they at times that I could hardly see. After nine months' suffering I saw a doctor,but he did not effect any good. I then lost my appetite, and anything I ate seemed to make my head worse. "At last I became so bad that I could eat no solid food, I had, to drink new Milk to keep myself alive ; and even taking this gave toe a pain between my shoulders which was for all the world like a knife scrap- ing the bone. " Then a new devel minent appeared. A fearful rash broke out all over my face. I took every kind of medi- cine to clear my blood but they only bad the effect of making me worse. What with the agony I was suffer- ing, the other comp'aints, and then this dreadful rash. my cup of bitterness Was indeed full to overflowing ! The rash on m 5 face was so bad that I was ashamed to venture out of my house. It kept me a prisoner within doors.

"After trying more medicines and visiting several doctors. I went to the Skin Hospital in Liverpool. There I was examined by many doctors, and underwent a painful operation; but when tley told me at length that I should have to have my nose scraped, I was frightened, and I never went again. "After a number of years of this terrible suffering. I commenced to have a succession of week-end bilious attack a with remarkable regularity. I can safely say that for upwards of two years,' never knew what it was to be without a bilious attack on Sunday, whim pros- trated me for the whole dar. "One day (it was a Wednesday), on coming down stairs, I founo a little book uoder the door, telling of the wonderf al cures which had been effected by Charles Forde'a Bile Beans. I procured a box, and took one of the beans before I went to bed that night. The next morning my head did not feel so heavy, so I continued taking the Beans, and began to feel better and strongree every day. One Sunday when it Cams to be my usual time to be prostrated with biliousness, I got tbe dinner ready and sat down and ate a hearty meal, without the least sign of any illness ! " My husband said, •, Whatever is the matter with you to-lay ? Are you hot going to be ill ?" Then I tela him how I had taken the B le Beams, and to scion as be saw that they had had such a wonderful effect on me, ,he sent out for another box. By degrees the rash and I spots began to disappear from my face. until I had as clear a complexion as anyone could desire. Above all, I became blessed with a splendid appetite. " Peosle cannot realise that such a wonderful change has been wrought in me so gaickly; and all my neigh- bours, who knew how I suffered, say it is the most miraculous thing they have ever seen. "I feel now as though I don't know my own strength and am as well and hearty as I was when I wag a girl of fourteen. Well, that."—pointing to a huge basket full of clothes which she had just washed,—" is evi- dence that I am strong enough. For the last four months I have had from seven to ten dozen clothes, and sometimes more, every week. and I have washed them all myself. What is more I have felt nothing worse at the end of the day than a natural tired feeling, which a night's sound sleep has rem oved. There is nothing in which I have greater faith than Bile Baana, and I am sure, now that you have heard my story, you will readily understand that."

===== 0002601_19011213_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHFORD V. CRO4SLEY'S. Paved at Clayton on S aturday oa a very heavy ground. From the start the visitors attacked, and after some short exchanges in the borne 25 Heald scored a splendid goal. Tiis early success elated the visitors, and again they renewed the attack with vigour. until they were deprived of the service of Conway at outside left, this player meeting with an an-Aden.; and baying to leave the field. This gave the home team an openinre. and they cqnalized before half time. The second half , was extremely rough, but, despite the fact that the visitors only bad ten men, they secured the winning point from the stick of Banks, and so a somewhat unpleasant game reßulted in a win for the visrtors. STOCKTON HEATH " A7' y EAST MANCHESTER. At Stockton Heath. In the first half the borne for- wards showed up well, but were driven back by the visitors' defence. After good work in the home 25, the visitors opened the score through M Hartley, which was quickly followed by two more goals by Drinkwater, and at half-time the vieitors were leading by three goals to nil. The second half was hotly contested, the borne defence showing up well. From a good pass Garforth scored the fourth goal, East Manchester running out winners of a good game by four goals to nil.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY.

POTATO DISEASES.—A. TeeTi.n.; on "Fungoid Diseases, especially the potato disease " was given in the Hoard Schools, Great Sankey, on Tuesday evening by Mr F P Walker, in conaection vri..h the Winwiek Rural District Committee of the Lancashire County Council (of which Mr T A Murray is chairman) mid the Great S3nkey centre (of which Mr J Fulton Smith is the representa- tive). There was only a small attendance, over which Mr J Fulton Smith presided. —The Chairman, in the course of a brief adclress,said he had to introduce Mr Walker to deliver a lecture on a subject which was of very great importance, and whether they were culti- vators of the potato or consumers, it was interesting to know when they had got a good potato when it was put on the table.—Mr Walker then proceeded with his lecture, which was illustrated with lantern slider. He pointed out that. they did not know when the potato disease first made its appearance, but it was caused by a peculiar kind of fungus, and it was important to remember that the fungus grew not only on the potato itself but upon these plants which were very closely allied to it, such, for instance, as the tomato. The disease, he pointed out, began in the leaves and ulti- mately got to the tubers. The disease spread with great rapidity owing to the fact that the spores of the disease were blown about by the wind. It was thought the disease was produced in a night or two, but as a matter of fact the disease had been in the leaves of the plant or stems some time and had been waiting for the time when it could properly develops.. The lungus was active during July, August and September in' speading. He showed how the spread of the disease should be pre- vented, and gave some valuable advice to the farmers present.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovalist."

Warrington are on the down grade and will soon, I fear, have to be considered an unsuccessful team. Just now they are losing 'matches with painful frequency and occupy a position in the Northern League only fifth from, the bottom. Of course the recent defeats have all been away from home, so that there should be a better time coming when Warrington get a preponder- ance of matches on their own soil. Still they might have done rather better. On Saturday they cut up very poorly ia their game with Batley at Mount Pleas- ant and were soundly beaten at the close by ten points to nil.

Even if Warrington lose Ido like them to make a good show when away from home. There is some con- solation if you leave a good reputation behind, as War- rington did at Broughton and Halifax. But I fear the Batley people will wonder how Warrington managed to defeat the "gallant youths" so easily at Wilderspool pretty much as they wondered at Leeds on the fatal day how Warrington managed to get into the final. They certainly gave few indications of what they really could do in the way of attack, though the defence was pretty formidable, and to a great extent the game was a reproduction of the final for the Northern Union Cup. There was a really striking similarity in the two games.

Batley- put about the best team, in the field that they have had this season, " Watty " Davies turning out for the first time since his suspension after the Warrington match in September. His presence means just about as much to Batley as does Fish to Warrington, and on Saturday it meant considerably more, for Davies led to all his side's points being scored, while Fish was almost idle. Davies and Fish are, I think, without doubt the two finest wing-players under the Northern Union. Both are speedy,clever, and infinitely resourceful. To have them both on one side would be a treat, except for their opponents.

The weather on Saturday was none too pleasant any- where, but at the hilly town of Batley it was decidedly boisterous. Mount Pleasant is the first thing you see on approaching the town by rail, the flag of the Batley Club being visible a long way off, floating bravely in the breeze at an uncommon elevation. Yorkshire folk seem to have a fancy for playing football as near the heavens as they can, which may be estimable enough in some respects, but it is deuced inconvenient. The climb up to Batley's football ground is like scalinz a miniature Spion Kop. In fact there was more than one semblance to Spion Kop about it, for the battle fought on top was decidedly bloody. Once on top and yoi get the full force of the wind, and on Saturday it was very considerable, approaching almost to a gale at the com- mencement of the match.

Warrington were fortunate enough to win the toss— though I would rather they had lost it—and Isherwood naturally took the advantage given him by the breeze. Batley were soon defending, but they showed them- selves capable of something more then defence. Davies put in a tricky run very early on and punting past Hallam gave Oakland an easy try under the posts. The inimitable " Watty kicked a remarkable goal right in the teeth of the gale. Warrington buckled too with a will and play became more than a trifle keen. Dam- aged noses were to be seen on more than one face, and the game looked like devolving into a sanguinary affair. The tackling was of the pile-driving type—picking a man up and then plugging him dawn head-first if he was not too heavy. Some how or other play never seemed to properly open out and Warrington could not get into their stride one bit. The backs were smothered by the alert Batley forwards, and only once did a try look possible, and then Harris failed to pass Garner. A couple of penalty kicks also went wide. Fish was never given a pass, and Burgess was carried off appar- ently badly hurt. At half tirnt, Batley held a lead of 5 points to nil.

Warrington's chance looked very small once they changed ends, even though Burgess turned out again his alleged-to-be-broken collar bone notwithstanding. Batley utilised the wind and kept Warrington defend- ing, and for a long time the defence stood the strain. At last, however, Davies ran down and centred, his forwards taking the ball over the line in a body,though it is questionable whether they were on-side or not. Carroll scored and Davies kicked another goal. Just before the close, Stubley walked off with a broken rib, the disadvantages of playing with which he had ignored until his side were well aliftd.

In most respects the teams were well matched, bit Batley had a long pull in the cleverness Of their for- wards when the ball came loose. These men spread out just as they did it Leeds when the other side got possession, the result being that the Warrington halves and centres were nearly always bottled up. A speedy half back might possibly have broken through but it is questionable: Anyhow they took all the sting out of the Warrington back divi- sion while our men were not nearly so quick on die home backs. I thought the Warrington forwards might have played the man with rather more success than they did seeing the object lesson they were get- ting. They-worked hard in the packs and quite held their own there, but the result was not satisfactlry. The Batley eight were much the more formidable when on the move.

Even the Batley backs showed up the best, and on the day's play were the superior set. NYarrington never really got going, as the fact that Fish did not get a pass from his threequarters abund- antly proves. The halves were mostly to blame, as they kept playing on Harris's wing for some reason, Fish being idle throughout, He never got a chance of showing the Batley crowd any of the qualities which have made him famous in Yorkshire. Burgess was the best of the halves, though there is not a great deal to choose between them. Hallam also did good work, while in the front rank Boardman, Morrison, and Ash- ton were always prominent. Davies was • the star of the Batley side, Auty and Oakland coming in as good , seconds. Spurr, Carroll and Stubley were the best of a dashing set of forwards.

For once in a way the Yorkshire clubs had the best of Saturday's games, only one succumbing to the prowess of a Lancashire team. That one was Bradford who were clearly outplayed at Broughton. Salford ob- tained a single point of Halifax, and that was the sum total of profit gained by the Lancashire clubs over their neighbours.

There were several surprises, one of the biggest being the success of Leigh at Oldham, where goal-kicking decided the contest and Dunbavin was pre-eminent. Runcorn came an awful cropper at Huddersfield, where a defeat of 20 points to 5 points made the Cheshire lads look very small beer. However the score does not in- dicate the play two or three tries being of the lucky order. Still it was a big performance for the Fartowners. Swinton went down before Hull, which was not unex- pected and lVarrington were beaten by Batley—but I have mentioned that before.

The League table up to date is as follows RESULTS TO DATE._

Against.

PNVI. D ... G T PTS .. 0 T P PPS. Broughton Rangers...l2 —ll 1 0...30 42-186-12 9 51-22 Hull Oldham Runcorn *Salford *Hanslet Leigh l3 . 6 7 0-20 19— 97...12 21— 87...12 *Swinton lO .6 4 0... 7 14— 56...13 7 47...10 Batley *Warrington Bradford .... ......... Halifax lO .2 6 2... 9 12— 54...17 21— 97... 6 Huddersfield Brighouse Rangers 13 ... 1 12 0...11 7 43...30 42-1E6... 2 *Salford. Swinton, Warrington, and Hunslet have each had two points deductsd for bcoach of the rules.

To day Warrington will have an opportunity of emu- lating Leigh's performance last, Saturday, for they are due at Watersheddings. Probably they will find the home team in a very aggressive mood, for they have not only got last Saturday's defeat to atone for, but they have also to avenge themselves for the trouncing they got at Wilderspool. Why cannot Warrington play another game like that? Oldham are not the formid- able combination they once were, and Leigh's latest should stimulate the Warringtonians. I don't expect, however ; I am only hopeful.

Warrington Technical Institute. The following summary of the report by H.M. In- spector on the work of the commercial classes and Cuntinuation Echool during last session has just been received The staff is a well chosen one and highly efficient. In all subjects regular and continuous advance was made during the session, and all subjects with the exception of tipanish and Latin found a satisfactory number of diligent and earnest pupils." There is Security it I A feet imps on the. toothhrnAe every wornalg

t_,,, 11.-, .

===== 0002601_19011213_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

win Sweeten the Breath ail day, and make all the difference be. twee"—

Coot Teeth and Bad Teeth. Mats Teeth and Yellow Teeth, Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth complete in Toilet '-^t.o. v;:itk Tot% rowder, a.o.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
TER'S

;mall ms.l Dose.

deadache. -Wrp-i'd Liver, ladi- gestion, Constipation, Dizziness, Furred Torlgia.. They Touch the Liver Vitt be sure they say SAUS.

GAR .tt• !TILE IV Eit S't Emu. PILLS la"Lii Ikbpulutely cure Si,cir_

===== 0002601_19011213_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Cairo-street Chapel

At this place of worship on SundaY, evening, the Rev E W Lummis, pastor, continued his series or ser- mons on Unitarianism. Toe sutiject was "A Unitarian's thought of man," the tests beilg :—" And the second is like, namely this. Thou shalt love thy nolghbour as thyself ;"' " For we are members one of another," and "Know ye not that we are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you 2"

===== 0002601_19011213_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesley Guild.

At the meeting of this Guild on Monday night, Mr George Littler conducted a "Speaking Bee." Some discussion took place at the beginning of the meeting as to what should be the time limit allowed to the speakers, and it was filially decided that they must not exceed two minutes. " Love in a cottage," which was the subject selected, was discussed by Miss Prince and Messrs Bean, McMasters, Wright, T Prince, F L'glat, 8 F Nelsen, and R H Sawa. As the speakers are all unmarried the opinions given were entirely theoretical, but the chief arguments used by the majnity went to prove that the whole question depends upon the style both of the love and of the cottage. All the speeches were of a decidedly humorous character.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Halton Road, (Runcorn), Foreign Missionary Sermons.

The Rev J Kirby, Walkden, Manchester, was the preacher at Halton-road on Sunday, it being the occa- sion of the annual foreign missions. There were good congregations at the morning and evening services and the preacher's sermons, containing interesting accounts of his ten years' services in the West Indies,were listened to with marked appreciation. Toe children's service in the afternoon was a very interesting one, Mr J R Frith occupied the chair and after a most appropriate ad- dress Mr E Taylor read the general report.. Mr J Nall, secretary, gave a full and detailed account of the mis- sionary work of the S.unday school which was highly applauded. Solos were given by Mr G Parr and Mr J Brown. A most successful meeting was closed by Rev J B Morrison pronouncing the Benediction. At the evening service the choir rendered in fine style," The Lord gave the Word."

===== 0002601_19011213_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Open Meeting of Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The meeting of the Wycliffe P.S. A. Society on Sun- day afternoon was an open one, and there was a large attendance of both sexes. Mr F W Bineßoss presided and in referring to the blessings which we enjoyed to- day, spoke of the valuable libraries of books which were placed within the range 01 everyone. In these libraries they had the accumulated wisdom of several thousand years, and yet there were many people who never looked at the gems of literature from which they could derive so much pleasure and profit. The Rev PG Wteq, of Liverpool, was the sneaker, and he took ao his subject, " The painted face." Be refereed to the incident recorded in ii. Kings, 9 chapter, and dwelt more particularly on the 30:h verse "And when Jahu was come to Jezreel, Jezeber heard of it ; and she painted her face, anct tired her bead, and looked out at a window." Jezebel, remarked Mr West, was supposed to be one of the worst characters in literature. It was atronishlng„ he said, what some women could do, either for good or ill. Yet some of the mest beautiful charac- ters in the world were those of women. There was a great deal of paint in tke world now. They were paint- ing their own characters, and the face was the place where the colours showed. It was astonishing how their character came out in the face ; but nevertheless a man might have a handsome lace and a b ,c 1 character. Formality would not hide the sins, or stay the judgment of God. They should not be satisfied with outside form, ceremony and appearance. He trusted that as a result of attending the P.S.A. meetings they were living better lives. Two solos were very efiicientiy sung by Mr Levi Richardson. Mr WII Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ. The Rev John Tongs offered prayer and an interesting meeting 'closed with the pronouncing of the B mediction. A collection was taken on belealt of the society 's funds.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Sermon to Young Men.

Goudie as a Warning.

At Wycliffe Church on Sunday evening, the Bev John Yonge preached a special sermon to young mem Toe preacher based h's di.course on the text "Toe man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead." Proverbs 21 ch., 16v. He remarked that these were words of admomtion. intended to warn them against the danger of diverging and departing from the clearly defined way of under- standing, because of the inevitable consequences. The subject called them to consider what the way of under- standing was ; how toes' might wander from it, and what would become of the wandering. When young men broke loose from religious assoalations, and took up from choice the associations and habits and ideas of the wry opposite, they were sadly wandering. The preacher referred to the recent example afforded them br the glaring deed of Gaudie, the Liv?rpool bank clerk. Toat yonng man diverted from the path of rectitude when he committed the first fraud and no onm•ever discovered it. So elated by the success of his first fraudulent act he wandered further and furthn out of the way at understanding until the hour struck when discovery stared him in the face and be turned and:fled. Then in that awful moment did

they not think that that young man leaned that he was not only &criminal but one of the biggest fools on the face of Gan earth. What did they fancy was the nature of his reflections as he awaited his trial in London. He might be planning some line of defence ; he might be hoping for some lucky thing to turn up that would mitigate a portion of his penalty ; he might be hoping years hence, to have another chance in Fo rn distant part of the world ; but his bitterest feeling,d own deepest in his heart, would be the unutterable tally of it all. The preacher concluded with an elovent appeal to the you e.g men to resist the beginning oi wandering from the right path.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Humorous Carnival at Parr Hall.

The first of two humorous carnivals promoted by Messrs Kilduff and Hardimani was held in the Parr Hall on Monday evening. A capital pro- gramme had been arranged and a number of well- known artistes appeared. The attendance of the public was small. The principal items ef the even- ing were the mandoline solos by Mdlle. Marienne Tostia, whose remarkably skilful handling of the instrument elicited the cordial approbation of the audience. Mddle. Elso Tostia gave two pianoforte silos in brilliant. style and her contributions were highly appreciated. Other interesting featares of a most attractive programme were the musical and mimetical entertainments by the Bros. Benson, humorous selections by Mr Matt Kilduff and Mr Mark Tyme, lightning cartoons of celebrated men and smoke and scene painting by Mr Penton Cross, and recitations by Mr W Kilduff. The last named gentleman displayed great elocu- tionary ability, his recitations being " One winter's night" and "The uncle." Mr A Holt, at Manches- ter, was an efficient accompanist.

W. T. WILLIA.NI3.-9PECIA.LIST In MILLINERY DRESSE3 and MANTLES.-74. SANKEY-STREET, and 1, LEGH•S TR EET, WA/TUS gton. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AND S ITECER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Complimentary to Warrington. An elderly man with grey head and beard, whose name is William Thomas Smith, was brought up at the Manchester City Police-court on Saturday and cinfronted by two women he had married—thereat Mrs Smith in 1870, and Elizabeth Kellv, 18,Richard- son-street, Rochdale-road, on June 29,1885. The charge preferred against him was, of course, one of bigamy.—Elizabeth Kelly, a tall smart-looking woman, whose hair is just turning grey, said she went through a form of marriage with the prisoner in June, iBB5, at St Margaret's Church Whalley Range.—The Chairman (Mr Armitage) : Is that the man P—Witness : Yea: that's the man—the acoundrel. (Laughter.) Continuing, she said that from the day she married him she had to keep him—The original Mrs Smith then stepped into the witness-box, and she gave her evidence in a very voluble manner. Immediately he married her,! it appeared, prisoner went to India as a soldier,and when he came back he married her again at ' Pendleton. She explained that the first marriage was " a secret affair," and he then gave his name as William Henry Smith. He was a "scamp," she emphatically exclaimed, and instead of marrying him she ought to have had him imprisoned.—After a long statement by the .prisoner, the Chairman said : We shall see you again on Thursday. II e will not take a penny bail. We believe you to be a great scoundrel.—Prisoner : That has to be proved. —As the prisoner was being removed there was a commotion at the hack of the court, and a police constable was beard reminding someone the, " You ,are not at Warrington now."

===== 0002601_19011213_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOD FOR THE LIONS. Menagerie Proprietor Summoned at Warrington.

Interesting Case.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, before Mr, F. Monks and other magistrates, William Sedge- wick, menagerie proprietor, was summoned by the R.S.P.C.A. for illtreating a horse by travelling it while in an unfit condition on November 21st. Stephen Rose, an employe, was summoned for illtrearing two horses by travelting them while in an ucfit condition on the same date, and Arthur Sedgewick, sou of the first defendant. was summoned for causiog the horses to be travelled.—Mr Browne appeared for the defendante. —Rose did not appear. It was stated that the summons had been served at the house of his parents in Runcorn, and be was travelling with the menagerie. The first witness was Inepector Taylor who said that at 12.30 p.m., on the date mectianed,ahe was at Bridge Foot, aad saw the caravans of the menager:e come ever the bridge and turn into arpley-road. A arey mare, loose and uottarneased, was following the last van. The animal was very larne on the off foie log. He caught it and asked one of the men where the owner was: He replied that he was on the front van. He (witness) had the mare taken to the Eagle sod Coild Hotel yard. He saw Mr Sedgewick and a veterinary surgeon there. Be called Mr Sedgewick's attention to the mare, and be said " I didn't think it was so bad as that." Witness informed Inspector Print of the matter, and, ascertaic- ing that two other horses were coming on the road, went away with the Inspector, and in Bold-street saw the defendant Rose leading a grey gelding. The animal was in a shocking state and was lame all round. Rase said he had left another horse at the Norton Arms stable. Witness and the Inspector took tne gelding to the Eagle and Child Hotel yard, and Mr Sedgewick wanted to have it destroyed. They aiterwards went to the Norton Arms, and saw a grey mare there. It took the animal all its time to get out of the stable. He had never seen such a sight of a horse in all his tile. The near fore foot was completely rotting away, :led the other was spread out like that of a cow. It seemed that the two animals had been bought from a farmer for £3. Mr Sedgewick said be would not have had such a thing happen for 50.—Cross-7xsznined : There were about eighteen caravans, and Mr Sedgewick was in the front The first horse was still in the Eagle and Child Hotel stable,and was being attended by a veterinary surgeon. Mr Sedgewick said the two other animals bad been bought for food for the lions. In reply to a remark frem the Chairman, Mr Browne Said the first horse was prououcced by the veterinary to be curable. _

P.C. Edwards and Inspector Print also gave evidence. Mr. Browne said that Mr. Sedgewick had been on the road with the menagerie eighteen years, and there had never before been a complaint against him. On the date mentioned he had corns from Runcorn and was going through Warrington with eighteen caravans. Be had about 30 horses for the purpose of drawing the caravans, and the vans were so heavy that it was a. necessity they should be good horses. He bad had the first horse for five fears, and it had been a very useful servant to him. A week before the date in question it went a bit lame. He thought it bad a corn, and had thei shoe removed. He found his surmise was not correct, and he had not worked it from that moment. It was allowed to be loose. and merely waited behind the cara- vans. When Mr Sedgewick saw the animal at Warring- ton he saw that the animal had gone much worse, and he said, as Inspector Taylor had given fa, that he did not know it was so bad as that. He called in a veterinary surgeon. Inspector Print wanted to have the animal destroyed. Mr Richardson, the veterinary surgecn. said no ; it was possible to cure it. There was no intentional cruelty here, and that must be proved. The other cases were of a totally diffarent character. They bad to buy horses for fotA for the lions. Mr Arthur Seilgewick was in the last van. His father knew rothing of this matter. Mr Arthur Sedgewick saw a , horse in a field at Daresburr, and thougbt. it would do for the lions. He saw tle farmer, and was shown a second horse and beught the two for £3. He could not kill them on the road. He must take them to the knackers. He told Rose to take them to Tool,i's at Warrington. There was no other Lod for the lions that night, and the bones bad to be taken to Warrington to be destroyed. He strongly submitted that Mr Arthur Sedgewick had committed no offence. Tra.s Chairman said the system was oven to abuse. A man might buy horses under such conditions and work them.

Mr Browns: These were not being worked. Inspector Print said tale horses were going to be travelled to Earlestown, Mr Brawn° said tbat. was not. true. Mr Sedgewick's word was gulte as good Ise the im•pector's. Inapector Print said the horses should have been killed on the farm.

Mr Browne again said the horses were not being taken to Earlestown. There was. he said, no knacke: there. The horses were being taken to Toole's. He also said that the inspector would not have known about the third horse, had he not been openly told that it was in the stable at the Norton Arms.

It was admitted that no one bad seen the last mentioned horse on the road. _ _

The two eases in regard to this horse tivrere dismissed Mr Browne informed the magistrates that three horses were used every week for the hens _ . . _ _

Ic the three remaining C 2 S,M a f.ne of 53 and Costa was imposed upon each defendan%

===== 0002601_19011213_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAN ON YOUR OWN GRIT

N ,body cares whether you have earache, headache or rheumatism. Civil:z t iOn is only savagery with a coat ot varnish over it. Dolet try to unload your troubles on others ; they have their own t) carry. Look for the way out and, when you find it, climb the stairs. If your enemy smite you on the one cheek, and you are too weak to bit back, get out of his reach and go into training. And to take the sorenes out of all sorts of 1 bruise and contusions use Benson's Por6us Plasters. The same for coughs, co!ds, muscular strains and pains, pleurisy,influenza or any ailment that makes you feel like

—FIVE O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING. There are perhaps plasters etionh in the world to carpet Hyde Park.but those with the name Benson's "on are the best. They act quicker and cure more thoroughly and surely than the rest. This is not an accident ; i 7, was meant to ha so. The labour, the patience, the material toe "know bow" was nut into them. They are the "get-out to-morrow " plasters—not the variety that keep you company in bed for a fratnight. They belong to an age that has no time to foci away. Besides this, Benson's Plasters are like your other friends,—they hate to see you in weakness or pain, and are dog-tired hearing you grumbling about it. They want to cure you and send you along to your business—whole and happy. They can do it and v•iil do it. Try. 'cm on. Tell the chemist to give you BcAson'.,; —naught else.- Benson's Plasters are geld by all chemists.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
The Construction of Reservoirs.

_ The half-yearly meeting of the Association of Waterworks' Engineers NVEL9 held in London on, Saturday, amongst those present being Mr G Mit- chell, of Warrington. A discussion took place on. the design and construction of open and covered service reservoirs. Following a paper read by Mr William Ingham at the Birkenhead meeting, Mr , Mitchell, of Warrington, criticized the puddling of ! walls and lions of reservoirs. Papers were read on the French, English, and American mt•thods of manufacturing cast-iron pipes. Mr Stephen II Terry said that Great Britain had the reputation amongst certain foreign nations of adhering too closely to existing methods in working and of being slow to adopt labour-saving appliances in engineering and kindred trades but although there might be some truth in this, he thought that in pipe-founding, at any rate, we were determined to be in the fore- front, and were no going to permit the intelligent and withal industrious toreigner—be he French German, Cr American—to beat us in cost, produc- tion, or quality.

At the Earlewown Police ISsation on Monday morning, before Mr J W f•ramett, Michel Coyne, John Jones, Edward Harrington, and Robert Clarke, were charged with being :drunk and disorderly its .Earlestown on Saturday night, and were each fined 23 6d and costs.

I-10 Waal.. Witiiiuli 1.10.1i:S. fur Ocniteacioriera ~ Bakers, Grocers, Drapers, kc. Best value ever off?xecl. Write for Liet,.—STOICES AD HOLT, V•ii, Leicester.

TRUSS.—New washabis waterproof is the: most suitabl for tropical climates; it ii Belt. c.ean. constortale.att durable ; can be worn whilst bathing. WHITII & WHIG Hl' turgical Instrument Makers, 93. Renshaw-street, opposite Sop of Bold-street. Liverpool.--Advt.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINCL, En2lish and Foreian Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largeab of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Eend for PATTERN EQOK. Sew Edition. ttoroaghly revised and enlargeto pages, JUST PUBLISHND. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. • Importer el Glass. Stock lists free Gn applicatien. H MORELL, 17 arid 18, CREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W . •

Warebo-us ; 11,-12 and 13, NeiV yard, and 41, Rea Street. Te'egraptac &adreis ;—" Rabbitry, Lotrion."

It " epintna Oftents

NEES

Ti' •• WARRINGTON AND lIID-CHASiIIRB EXAMEPER." published every Saturday morning. THE EABLESTOWN AND NElr/ON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon.

_ Tn.' "sr. HELENS ExemiNmu," published every Friday afternoon. - - -- - -

_ THE " Ruscosx EXAMINEE," published every Friday momitig. " TEE WIDNES EXAMII TS," published every Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One cbarge etwurms insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVS BXAMINEI33. WARTIME. TO BR LETS 18 WORDS On.. ON SALES. f And 3d for each succeeding 9 words The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 23. per insertion.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
• i ' • ; ' I •

a

I

I

===== 0002601_19011213_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011213_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19011213_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
$

===== 0002601_19011213_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
i:9 omts t it Anrbantg, etc.

WAFTED, GENERAL, small family.-24, LEYLAND ROAD. Southport,

WANTED Good General SERVA:qT.—AppIy Aire FROM La AINDOW, Gore House, All Car, near bouthport.

WANTED EXPERIENCED GENERAL for the Kitchen. Apply RED LION INN, Newburgh, Southport.

- - - WANTED. young GIRL as useful help to assist in house and bnsiness.-277, ROCHDALE-ROAD, Blanchester.

'WANTED GENERAL SERVANT for the New Year.— V Apply to JOHN PIMELEY, Magbull, near Liverpool.

WANTED Good GENERAL, email family, no washing.— Call or write to DAVIS. 41 Upton-road, Claughton, Birkenhead.

WANTED Good Plain COOK at once; Wages £22. CARLTON LODGE, Dudley-road, Whalley Range, Manchester. •

WANTED a YOUNG GIRL general, good eharacter,plain washing.—Apply A MOISE. 205 West Derby-road, Liverpool.

QOl5ll GOOD SECOND-HAND CART GEARS (Liverpool Ccrporation) at LEA'S SADDLERY BAZAAR, 9, Karybone. Liverpool.

WASTED, COOK-GENERAL ; family three: House maid kept.—Apply, Mrs KNOCKER, Oughtrington Rectory, Lymm.

WANTED MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN to look after family four.—Apply E. Lomax, 670 Liverpool-road, Platt liridge. Wigan.

WANTBD immediately. experienced plain COOK ; abso general and to assist in bar.—MRS • DirsoN, Boro' Ccffee Tavern, Burnley.

-WANTED respectable Gilll, as General, good home. V have Woman to Wash. —BS. 311.1.1.E5, 10, Lister- street,C-on-31, Manchester.

WANTED Young GIRL as GENERAL, about 18: no family. ns per week.-10, GROBY-ROAD, Chorlton- crimMardy. Manchester.

k GOOD Way to get a nice Town or Country SERVANT AA. write or call to Miss Hinarsox, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1882. WANTED GENERAL SERVANT, comfortable home; good wages —Address I9I,HREATCHEETHASI-STREET, Higher Broughton, Manchester. _ WANTED, GENERALS and GIRLS, best places: excel- lent wages.—Call or write to Miss HARRISON, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

yvANTED Immediately, Good COOK-GENERALS, Manchester. Chester, ; NURSE for Southport.— Mrs POWELL. Registry, St John .street. Chester. _

ANTHD. COOK-GBNBRAL, January 2nd; references VY ; small family ; good home; housemaid and coachman kept; £l6.—Mrs. INFIELD, Boston Bank, Hyde, Manchester.

WANTED a GIRL to assist with Housework; small family; no washing; good home; reference requir- ed.—Apply Sirs RositELL,lo2 and 104, London-road,Preston.

AIITANTED,good GRNERAL SERVANT, about 23, able to I V wash : good references required.—Apply Miss BoWIRTA, 779, Atberton-road, Hindley Green, near Wigan.

\VANTED COOKS. HOUSSMAIDS, WAITRESSES, for Manchester ; excellent wages ; call or write to Mies BARRISOT, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Established 1862.

ANTND COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, Nurses. Severa VV Generals. Some for Master and Mistress only. - BOTTOMLEY'S REGISTRY. Morley-street. Bradford. Yorkshire.

WG ANTED Smart Active YOUN WOMAN, from the country as Cook-general ; age abut 24. Mast have rood references.—ApOy first by letter 16), WIGAN-LANE, Wigan.

WANTED COOK (good plain) beginning of January, Protestant, abstainer,comfof tab;e home,aitchenrnaid, state wages.—MßS MATIEWIN, Bicterton House School, Southport.

EXPBRIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—apply Nuicaus lieBvirlJ- -7.10N, 70. Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone WO. Telegraphic " Nurses."

A—ddiess

ENTLEWOMADT seeks post as Lady or Governess, IIW Housekeeper, eeeretary. Manageress, or any place of rast ; experienced ; references.-3, WOODBINE CRESCENT. Wollingttn-road, Stockport.

WANTED sin exporience COOK-GENERAL. about 28; also HOUShMAID, 24; for all work except washing and boots : not late dinners.—Mrs. GOODIMAND. Oaklands. WoOd-lanenimperley. Cbeshire.

WANTED. Situation as GARDENER (Head) ; single; 22 rars' experience, gained in good establishments in England and Ireland ; 10 years in last situation as general foreman ; well-recommended.—J WILLIAMSON, eihrewsbury- road. Market Drayton.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta.

AINDERS MAY BE HAD at the " ExAKINER " OFFICE, V WARRINGTON. 3d. per load given.

A WANTS Wanted.—Penny goods ' • sample 3 dozen, 15 ; .171. gross, Ss.—MOVELTT Clo.(S.T.),Britian-st., Manchester.

IDDROFITABLH HOME WORK; either sex; no references required.—Write H KNITTLxo Co., 50, High Holborn, London, •

4 GENTS wanted everywhere to sell the': Ideal ' Filter.- -ill Write for sample, MANAGER, 77, Cavendish-street, Sheffield.

DEEP DRIPPING, WANTED any quitaity, state price .1) and quantity per week.--M.LRGRE.LvEt, 8, Booth-street. West Mancnester.

A GENTS Wanted, to sell Hardware, Jewellery. Furniture, .1-1. Clothing, goods or all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue free.—BERRIDGE Lo., 99 Birmingham.

WAR MBDAL3 wanted. dated IE4B. £2 given; al4o Arctic, Red River, Firket, Atbara, Matabele, Masbona, Fenian Raid, Ms.—Major TOMBS, Droitwieh.

ANDSD O INJ rnall COUNTUY 1..01iN MILL (not flour); House attached; water power preferred. —WINDER. 10, Medlock-street,Hulnce. Manchester.

A GENTS WANTED, to sell Hardware, Jewellery, Furnitnre, Clothing, Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRIDGE ANn CO. (102) BirMlTlOhartl.

2210. WEEKLY.—A salary of 7s. to 225. 6d. offered to V either sex (who can write) for their spare moments ; work may be done evenings. For partimlars send addressed envelope to 11. TRIMCOTT AND CO., 3A. Glen- dower. Torquay.

%2ANITARY INSPBCTOR:4IIPS, salaries £lOO to £250 )...7 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lesrons EOW commencing for Liverpool and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candi- dates ; ladies ellgible.—Apply ROBERT MUSHENS, Sanitary Science Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper.

WANTED, COW HAIR on or off the dock. we. or dry; best price in the trade given ; no overweight required ; honest cash settlement for tons or cwts. ; con- -acts made ; bankers reference where required.—J. GAL- WAY, Tallow Manufacturer and Wholesale Hair and Skin Merchant, St. Helen s.

ULIABLE Man Wanted at once in this district (one w ell- It known preferred), with some spare time, to act as house to house canvassing Agent for the Universal Digestive Tea Co., Ltd. Liberal terms; permanent work to !GOOD pushing man; particulars and sample 6d.—Address Coioxisr. HOUSE, Dolphin Place, Ardivick. Manchester.

rilliE COMING BOOM IN SOUTH AFRICA.—WANTED 1. SEVERAL PARTIES to join PARENT SYNDICATE now being formed, to take over options on hug% Blocks of Shares in sound South African Mines, and Valuable options on Gold and Land Properties in the Transvaal. which have teen secured upon most exceptional terms during the period of the war, and to form subsidiary companies to deal with the same.—Address MINING at }Lrncastie's,:6l, Cheapslde, London, B.C.

TIOCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOPING COUGH OOPING COUGH The celebrated el, —l. cure without internal HOOFING COUGH -2' •

rctual

ffe

H

OOPING COUGH medicine.

HOOPISG COUGH Of all Chemists price per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS rale Agents : W. EDWARDS &SON, 137, Qu.e.an Victoria CROUP street, London.

OCHE'S HERBAL EMBRUCATION.

_ ----- FUR BOAS Free—The ARCTIC FUR CO., of 10,000 Regent-street London, W., will eend by return of post, absolutely free a Beautiful Arabs Fur Boa FREE, without any further condition. We want 10,000 ladies to wear and advertise our Gaiety Beauty Chains and Fur Boas. Will you be one? If so, rost 2s 6d for Gaiety Beauty Chain and we will send you our Arctic Fur Boa FREE for your trouble. Please send 3d extra for postage of Fur Boa and Chain.—The ARCTIC FUR Co, (Dept Z), Regent Reuse, Regent-street London, W.

/ottls, pLri,Moariting 05tab5.

FLibt ,Stork

SPLENDID Hartz Roller CANARY ; in tull rolling song day and night; 7s 60; safely pacaed.--N. laefram, SO, Freehold-street, Rochdale.

Obarte.

gnotks, fitusintsseo, cu.

£55 WILL BUY BUTCHER'S BUSINESS ; splendidly fitted ; 10s. a week clears aII—GOT, 48, Whel- stone-lane, Birl.enttead.

UDR SALE.—TOBACCONIST AND SWEET BUSINESS. _l2 Main street • terms moderate.—Apply J WILDE, 26, Bridge-street, Eat:lestown.

eburatton.

AIR.HR ngtg Tenoror termi, p Vocalist is ply2sß open Ns to accept eßmle 1:1V.11;1? Fairfield, Liverpool.

30or00, arritiffrO

HANSOM ON BALB ; vinare-fronted ; In good conditlon; by Marston.—Dr ANDEBTON. Ormskirk.

A MOUT TRAP HORSE, useful for any kind of work, 14i CIL hands.—Apply JAMEd DvI4N, 41, Castle Hill, Hindley. Wigan.

FGH SALE, a rod Massive HEARSE, with glass sides ; suitable for tqwn or country.—Apply, DAvtEs. Tyn-y- Coed, Wrexham. I,IOR SALE, LANDAU and BROUGHAM; medium aide; _l2 in good order ; roomy and light; cheap ; room wanted. —23, TALBOT-ROAD, Wrexham.

Ea be let.

rro LET.—HOUSE, DERBY-STREET. rent 4s 6d.—Apply WOoDS AND SON, SOfiCitors,HorseMarket-fit.,WarringtOn.

OLD-BSTABLISHHD BLACKSMITH'S SHOP and YARD to be Let; tools and 12 hindcarts and 1 hand van FOR SALE,-40, STRETFORD—ROAD, Blanchester.

910 LET. STABLE and COACHHOUSE, with lofts over 1 large yard attached off Tannersane.—Eppty WoODB Solt Solicitors, 55, Horsemarketatreet, Warrington.

JOHN IArALKER. & Co.,

EXAMINER OFFICE, TELEPHONE N°. 0489.

Alaltsbp Pribate Crap

PATCHWOIIK-300 Lovely Silks, P.O Is 6d.—SETTLE. 34 West Green-road, Tottennam, London.

r ADY will sell 32 yards beautiful Black Silk, 2.53. ILA DAVIES, 10 Cambridge-road, London, B.

I IROOKBRY-403 Articles for 32s Scl. Price flats free.— BENNRIT, 2b Broom-street, Hanley, Staff.

„single 30 n 13ULBS, free, 22 9d, 100 Crocui,Snowdrop V Daffodils.—HollT'S 9ToREs, klarola-road, klaatings.

VALTLENBRS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and 1: Clover.—Appiy, rA ULICNERS. Merchants, rendlebury, Manchester.

TIOLINbTRINQS.—I will Bend a good set of gut strings. V 10d., post free, money returned if Lot sati.lied. —GRAY. Exton, (Millar',,

AINIV.j GREEN PEAS (in packets) are just like peas ill fresh picked from the garden. Send postcard for oar- ticulars,--Ntatisk & Co., Portsna9uth.

ALL Amateur Gardeners and others should try QUNNER.II Watering Stick, a novelty.—GUNNEß & co., Wylye, Wilt., (6 stamps). Agents wanted.

47 PIECH DINNER SliT, printed, 21 piece Breakfast set, 21 piece Tea Set, 21s ; samples, 1s ; particulars tree—THE aIRECT SUPPLY POITERY Co,, Hanley.

(1111 P POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety. \_./ Champion Sanges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Wheels. 10-page List tree.—MABILAT.B, Poland-street, Manchester OPBN-AIR TRBA.TMEEIT OP CONSUMPTION.—Emdg- wick Sanatorium, Sussex. Pure, bracing air; good, results. ti guineas weekly.—Apply HESIDESTAL PHYSICIAN.

910 BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, two Freehold 1, Shops with workshops. Nos 15 and 17 Mill-etreet and King-street, Warrington.—Apply Messrs DAVIE& and le.:air:mew, 42, Sankey-street, Warrington.

GALWAY, WHOLESALE SKIN AND HAIR MER- V • CHANT, and Tallow Manufacturer. St. Helene.—To Poulterers. Rabbit Salesmen and Skin Dealers. Best prices in Cze trade paid for Rabbit and Hare Skins ; best Wilds. 2s. 3d. dozen ; Rocks, ls. 3d, dozeie ; Suckers. 7d. dozen. Prompt attention, cash settlement and Civility; contracts made; shops regularly attended to on receipt of postcard. —EtALWAY. St. lielells‘ 10 sufficient address.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 13 1901

===== 0002601_19011213_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS ENGINEEL—I, 1 and 2 Mona Power, up to date and irellable.—CALvEßT,Albert-rd., Levenebulme,Manchester,

TO SAVE TIME, TROUBLE AND LOSS, UsE ONLY (Stoned by latest patent machinery). GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS k7IBSON'S STONED RAISINS FOR MAKING MINCE MEAT, PLUM PUDDINGS, CAKES, ETC,

READY FOR USE. NOT TOUCHED BY HAND, (No Fruit—only the Seeds—Removed), One round Stoned is equal to one pound and a half

_ Stoned by hand. BOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND STORM. Wholesale only by: W BROWN AND Co, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL. IMPORTANT.—See that every package be "

lin dassilieb.

WANTED MOUSEMAID.—Mrs. LEES. 33 Manley-road, Whalley Range, Manchester.

WANTED Gener.l SERVANT. 15 to 18.-2, ARDWICK TERRACE, Stockpon-road. Manchester.

WANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT; small family.— Apply" Ferndale," Freidifield-road, Formby.

TV Apply clean GIRL about, 16 or 18, for a small house. Apply 8, EDMUND-STREET, Oldhall-street, Liverpool.

WANTED respectable Girl, about 16, to assist with house- work.—Ms. YORKE. 7, Grandidga Itreet, Rochdale.

WANTED. a COOK. Protestant able to give satisfactory references. Late dinners.—Apply MEW. 13nowx, Mere Oaks. Wigan.

WANTHD General SHRVAST, country girl preferred; age about 20.—Reference3 Fowls's BOOT SOP. 37, Park-road, Wigan.

WANTED a Good GHNHFCAL for the 20th. mmt be experienced.-233, GREAT GLOWEs-STREET, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

NATANTED Good GENE 9RAL SERVANT. age 18 to 2 ; small family.—Apply Hrs. SmiTH,Parkfield, Penning- ton, Leigh. Lancashire.

‘ATANTRD GIRL, for Swinton for honeev:ork : aged 15 or 16 years.—Apply HAMER and LBWIS, Chemiata, Swinton, near Manchester.

WANTISD, good GIANN 8 RAL NRV m ANT for all family; good wages • state age.—Address Mrs'. 44, Fern Grove. Lodge-lane. Liverpool.

NV-ANTED. good GENERAL ; able to wash; country girl preferred; Ploteetaat.—BOOTH'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 19, Knuteford-road, Latchford, Warrington.

WANTED respectable GIRL for Sefton Park to assist one Lady with Household Work; willing girl will be- tratned.-34. DORATHY-3THEET, Edge-hill Liverpool.

WANTED, young GENERAL; small wasting; know• ledge of cooking not necessary. Homely place.— Apply Mrs. PURDIE, Galisbrow, Flixton, near Manctester.

CONFECTIONERY, Home-made Bread. Sweet& and Minerals ; rent 13s. per week; price R3O or offer.-375. STRETFORD-ROAD, Blanchester.

BESPOKB Tailoring Business for Disposal, established 12 'eats; good opportunity to practical man.—Apply LATHOM, 64, Manehester-road, Nelson.

OOD EARTHENWARE, Lamp Oil, and Hardware Huai- ness to be Disposed of ; rent 7s 6d clear ; reasonable offer accepted.-46, Bedford-street, line, Blanchester.

ON SALE, PONY. 12 hands, quiet to ride and drive and very free driver, also governess cart and harness,— ALFRED RATHDONE, Grocer, NeWtOWH. Wigan.

rro LET.—SEMI-DETACHED VILLA. two Entertaining /1. 4 Bedrooms, Bath ; inelueive rent £2B.—Tao3LAs H•RDING, Orford-road, WartilagtOn.

VIIRBISHED PRIVATE ROUSH. Two sitting four ted rooms, every convenience. Winter terms.-58, BUR- LINGTON-ROAD, South Shore, Blackpool.

910 B SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—lhe extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,421 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Addrese J HOKING, 16, Fenwick-street Liverpool.

HOW TO GET A I;ILLIARD TABLE FOR 184 6d.— GE°. G. BUSSEY 3: CO., of 36 & 38 Queen Victoria Street, make an ingenious set of arrange- ments whereby a good game of Billiards can be played on an ordinary dining table. The fittings are easily fixed, and do no damage to the table. The price includes everything required to play the game Ask the local Sports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet an ndoor Games List. Factory—Peckham, S.E.—(Advt.) 4

G MINTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. TO PAINTERS. The CEMETERY COBIMIIif EH of the Council of al; Borough of Warrington is PREPARED TO RECEIV TENDERS for the Painting of a Greenhouse at the Cemetedi Specifications, and all further Information may be obtain at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall, on 513; after Tuesday next, the 10t.) his, at which place ten Dcl der., must be delivered,before 12 o'clock on onday, the 16th de' of Deoember,l9ol. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor' Eorocgh Engineer and Surveyor's Office, Dec 6th, 190 t.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

DECEMBER 13TH 1901.

It is only fair, when Trade-Union British manufacturers and Vagaries. merchants are so freely criticised for allowing trade with other countries to pass out of their hands to foreign competitors, to consider what share of this unfortunate tend- ency is to be attributed to the British workman and his trade organisations. A carrespondencel on the subject has been going on in the columns of the" Times," and if even a tithe of the charges there made against trades unions be true, a strong ease has been made out against these organisations for deliberately setting back the producing power of the trades which they represent, and which they have Come to a large extent to regulate and dom- inate. It is oaly reasonable to expect that with improved machinery and better methods of organ- isation workmen should be able to turn out better work and more of it; and while this is to some ex- tent true, there is sufficient evidence to show that the workman himself does not keep pace with the • general improvement. Not only so, but it seems as if the lagging were deliberate —systematically carried out in fulfilment of trade regulations, under the fallacious belief that thereby a benefit was being conferred on the workmen. A disposition seems to be shown, now that hours have been shortened and wages increased,to reduce the output to the capacity of the least capable of the workmen. This is done on the plea of making things nice and comfortable all round—no doubt one idea of brotherhood and good-fellowship, but a short-sighted vagary at that. If trades union- ists could take a farther view, they would see that while the exigencies of a trade may bear the strain of short hours and high wages provided plenty of good work is turned out as the result—if, instead, work is slowly and slovenly done, and there is a general levelling down of output, that will inevit- ably prove the last straw that will break the camel's back. On humanitarian grounds all right- thinking citizens will approve of short hours and good wages; but the improved social and moral condition of the workman which these benefits imply call for a return not only in better work but more of it. If this return is not forthcoming, then the economic law is broken, the commer- cial machine is thrown out of gear, and disaster must inevitably follow. We hear of bricklayers doing just half the work they used to do, though trade conditions have very inuah Improved. There are engineers' trades unions which fine a foreman because he has driven in a rivet which his squad have left out when they went on the spree. We are told of printers who will not allow the type-setting machines to be worked faster than a given rate, a complaint which is prevalent in all kinds of machine shops, where the employers complain they do not get value out of their machinery, and are thereby handicapped in competing for new business. Carpenters carry the fast automatic screw-drivers in their pockets; • and use the old-fashioned slow tool for their work; and foremen allow the men to loaf round half of their time on an outside job lest it should be too soon finished. Now„ these vargaries of human depravity are neither moral nor sane, and sooner or later they must bring Nemesis In their track as surely as night follows day." It is already appearing in the diminished returns of our trade at home and abroad, and if severe penalties are to be averted it must only be by trades unions seeing it to be a part of their duty, for which they are morally responsible, that for a -fair wage a fair day's work will be given. There is no reason in common-sense why a strong and capable workman should have to restrict his out- put to the level of weaker men. Quite the reverse and if no other solution of the problem can be found, then a return to piece-work will have to be faced in the interests of trade, which means in the interests of the workers themseves. , e„,

THERE are indications An Antidote to which seem to point to Anglophobia. the strong probability that Anglophobia on the Continent is on the wane. A curious story is reported in a London paper of a French cadet, a medallist of the cavalry school at Saumur, who on Saturday expressed a supreme desire to serve the KING of England in South Africa. If accepted, this valiant French- man declares that his offer will be followed by forty others from the cream of the cavalry regi- ments of France. It is possible that the War Office may regard the offer of service as a mere vagary of the eccentric French mind; though it is matter of history that soldiers of fortune from England and Scotland and Ireland have before now served in the armies of France, under King or Emperor. Whatever be its explanation, the incident shows that there is another side to the "A bits le. Anglais! "which is so often represented as a, national cry. In Germany the press seems to desire nothing more than a cessation of the recent hostile feeling displayed against this country,which it is now coming to be recognised was a mistake from every point ot view. The Vessi3che Zoitung indulges the hope and opinion that the storm which has arisen will cease with the termination of the war, adding, by way of salve to the disappointed agitators, that " It would be a crime for a great nation to sacrifice its interests to aid a small nation which never requested nor followed the advice of Germany." Teat is true and reasonable ; but perhaps the main cause to which the volto face of so many German news- papers may be attributed is to be found in the fact that :a storm, greater, and momentous to Germany, is breaking out in its Polish provinces, rid, indeed, through the whole of that conquered ingdem, Probably the best antidote to A nglo- phobia will be found in this racial trouble which the Continental Powers now find at their own door, as the result of the agitation in favour of Boerism which has been fostered in the press and among the populace. They have indulged in a feverish passion of racial nationalism, and have not scrupled to use distortion and misrepresenta- tion in feeding the flame, Now they are reaping what they have sown. If nationalism is be devel- oped to the point of separation, then neither Russia, nor Austria, nor Germany is safe. Each of these great Powers is a composite State made up of many nationalities, combined on the whole for a common interest—combined in some cases, however, with less justification than Britain has now for seeking to incorporate the Dutch South African Republics in her Empire. Carried away with thn pro-Boer sentiment, the Poles have argued logically enough that what was good for the Boers was good for them,and even more just. How the Continental Powers treat such senti- ment when it comes home to themselves is being well illustrated at Posen, where school-children are being treated as criminals because they insist on being taught religion in their own language, and where a learned doctr and journalist, for writing three articles on the subject, has been sen- tenced to two years' imprisonment. Writers in the German Press have expressed great indignation at the acts of the German army being cited in comparison with those of our soldiers in South Africa. It will be interesting to watch the treat- ment of the malcontent Poles, and to compare it with British treatment of the Boers under cir- cumstances of much greater aggravation. The result will be probably a very considerable revul- sion of Continental feeling in favour of British methods, which even falsehood and slander will be unable to stem or overthrow.

Truly the intricacies of the halfpenny post regula- tions :are wonderful. A few days ago it was practically demonstrated by a correspondent of the " Times " that a letter to the editor, intended for publication, might pass with a halfpenny stamp if only inscribed "Printers' Copy." Had, how- ever, the writer " spatchcocked " into his letter an invitation to Mr Buckle to dine with him next evening, the letter would have been surcharged. For the regulations,therefore to be strictly carried out all communications sent as printers' copy should be read through by some official, whose salary would be very poorly earned by the result. Perhaps, however, an even absurder point is suggested by a Welsh newspaper pro- prietor, who has been Retailing his grievance to the ready ear of the editor of " Truth." It ap- pears that an order for the insertion of an adver- t.semeat was sent to the office in an open envelope bearing a halfpenny stamp, and was surcharged a penny on the ground that it contained a com- munication in the nature of a letter. As a matter of principle an appeal was made to St. Martin's- le-Grand, and it was pointed out that "orders for goods" are among the commercial documents which are enumerated in the Post-Office Guide as transmissible at the book-post rate. To this the Secretary of the Post Oilhe replied gravely in the best official manner that an order for an advertisement does not conform to the definition of an "order for goods." Marvellous the ingenuity which can set up this futile distinction!

Motor-car manufacturers in this country have been gradually catching up with their rivals in France—who, it must be remembered, had a very long start of them ; but it cannot , we fear, yet be said that the competition takes place on equal terms. We do not, it is true, want in this country the powerful racing machines which, with motors ,of twenty horse-power or so, enable French ' chauffeurs to skim along the roads at the rate of an express train. These automobiles, which are splendidly represented in the international show which has just opened in Paris, are wonderful contrivances, testifying amply to the skill and in- genuity of their builders, but we do not necessar- ily wish them on our roads. Their use is a sport for millionaires, or at least for " six-figure " men, and the wealthy classes. here have not, happily, yet caught the crate What is wanted is a light car of reasonable speed, and here again the French model must, it is to be feared, still be pronounced superior. The very type is better. The Continental designs are har- monious and rational; the English still for the most part see the automobile as a carriage without horses,and not as a thing apart from all the horsed traffic that has ever gone on roads, a now form of locomotive to develop entirely in its own way. Whatever the future of the automobile for goods carriages—and the trials by the War Office do not seem to have been altogether satisfactory— we have a strong suspicion that there has yet to be produced in this country a type the appearance, the price, and the reliability of which will really commend it to use by professional men and for the ordinary purpose of pleasure.

CRAWFORD'S

LEXANDRI " ; A

BiscurTs.

JusT

INTRODUCED

===== 0002601_19011213_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 13 1901.

THl's DAY FRIDAY DRCEMBER 13TH.

SCARLET FEVER AT ELALTON.

The scarlet fever has become so severe in the village ot Halton that it has been deemed advisable to c!ose the day schools. AN. OUTBREAK OF MEASLES AT RUNCORN.

Owing to a somewhat severe outbreak ot measles the infant department of the National schools has been,closed until after the new year. JuvENii.s MISSIONARY MEETING .AT HALTON.

In connection with the Halton Trinity Wesleyan Chapel the juvenile missionary meeting was held on bunday when Mr W Brady presided. Tha fin- ances were reported to ba in a most satistastory condition. PRIMITIVE METHODIST BAND OF lioPn. The monthly meeting of the Band of Hope was held on Monday evening, in the schoolroom. A lantern exhibition was given by Messrs Hoxworth and Abton, which was greatly appreciated by the fair number of children present. Songs, recita- tions, action songs, Sze., were given by the children, these being rendered in a manner that reflActect great credit on the Misses Hillidge, who had under- taken to train the children. ANTIQUE Wrought IRON and COPPER WARE. for wedding presente, ate.—OrARLaND, Bridge St,—Advt. STRANGIVS A 1 CRYSTAL OIL, the nest sate. t lamp S. GIIILAND. 51 t) 55 Brlts St, —A irt. WESLEYAN TEMPERANCE SOCIETY: RNCORN CIRCUIT.

The annual meeting of the above society was held in the Brunswick schools. Mr H Baker pre- sided over a fair attendance. Addresses were given by Mrs II Baker (Epworth House), Mr J B Leach (St Helens), Mr T Cooke, the circuit ministers and others, and a statsment of the work and the affairs inithe district was given by Mr T Cooke. The pro- ceedings were enlivened by a number of solos and special music, rendered by St Paul's choir. WESTON WESLEYAN BIBLE CLASS.

In connection with the above, an "open Sunday" was held on Sunday. Mr James Ball presided over a large company. After the devotional exercises had been gone through, the Rev A Wells gave an interesting and instructive address on " The Garden," illustrating his paints with various inci- dents. A solo was rendered by Miss Temperley, and Misses Harrison and Temperlev gave a well- balanced duet. A recitation by Mr Blythe was also well received. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER TN& OLOCKIIrOIt ST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt THE GALE AT RUNCORN.

From Sunday until Wednesday a somewhat severe gale swept over Runcorn and district. Hail, sleet, snow, rain and wind, co-mingled made things as unpleasant for the inhabitants as it was possible for them to be. Fortunately no serious damage has yet been reported. There was, of course, the usual number of broken chimney pots and slates lying on some of the footpaths, but they have happily caused no casual- ties. The Mersey, however, forced by the wind, rose several feet higher on Monday and Tuesday, and inconvenienced shipping at the docks gener- ally. The gale may safely be reckoned as the pre- cursor to the real setting in of Christmas weather. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL ATEES.—Advt SIR JOHN T. BRUNNER'S GENEROSITY.

Everyone is aware of th 6 munificent generosity of Sir John T Brunner, Bart, M P, and no one will be surprised to learn that Halton village has come in for a share ol his bounty. One of the meeting places, which has long been in sad need of being renovated, is now being thoroughly put in order at the expense of Sir John. When the finishing touches are complete, the building will be purchased by him and presented to the inhabitants. This will be used as the " Halton Village !Jell," and will supply a long felt one and will doubtless prove a most valuable acquisition to the village. DisKs.Sus OF THE EYES can be cured even what: other means have failed: MELLOWS TREATMENT Pamphlet free.—MELLOE, 168, Oxford. street, Man- chester.—Advt (3).

===== 0002601_19011213_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT

A Provincial Letter.

Christmas is coming, and so is Coronation Day Evidence of the former, if not sufficiently apparent as yet in the shop windows, is afforded by the Post Office notice that in order to secure arrival at or a`sout Christmas Day, letters for Canada, and for the United States by way of New York, must be posted in time for the mail which leaves Liverpool to-day (Saturday). Proclamation definitely fixing the date of the Coronation,June 20th, is published, in stately and interesting archaic language, and the announce- menu thus made will have the effect of giving an, additional impetus to a multitude of preparations already being pursued in most parts of the pro- vinces. One effect of the contemplated feastings and rejoicings has been to cause many provincial mayors to have their "salaries raised "—for one year only—and it has yet to be seen, of course, whether those who voted the money with a light heart in these cases, will do ditto ru the event of being asked by their respective employes to be similarly remembered. Another matter which has been placed beyond the boundary line of specula- tion, by Kingly proclamation, is the date fixed for the opening of Parliament, which is the 16th of January. So that we now know fairly well where we are and what to look forward to, as regards some of the most important matters which concern us as " provincials " to the middle of next year, when, let us at least indulge the hips that we may be there to see, and to take part in the national rejoicings over the Coronation of King Edward the Seventh. When a certain number of business men inter- ested in the Telephone Service waited upon Lord Londonderry the other day, as a deputation ap- pointed to obtain better terms, if possible, it was felt that there was not much hope in that quarter. And when the interview was over it came to pass that certain of those who constituted the deputa- tion felt as if they might just as well have remained at home. This is a matter in which the provinces are especially concerned, and on the very day that Lord Londonderry was showing the gentlemen referred to, how impossible it was to compete against the National Telephone Company, the Mayor and Town Clerk of Grantham, in Lincoln- shire, it is reported, were "proving " before an Inspector of the Local Government Board how with a licence from the Post Orfila granted in September last year, they could establish very effective competition in that town. The area of that licence is described as the borough of Grant- ham, with surrounding parishes within a radius of ten to twelve miles, and the Corporation's intention is to give a local service, as well as a trunk line service, at a cost of three pounds. The Company's charges begin at eight and go down to six pounds, but in order to meet the Corporation's dangerous charges, the report says that the Company now make an offer which works out at £3 Os Si per year!

With fighting in three Continents the prospects of kehristmas at peace throughout the world are deciaedly slim. Notwithstanding unmistakable signs of collapse, hostilities in South Africa will certainly be carried forward to the ensuing year. John Bull's forces are also engaged on the north- western frontier of India, and in the West-African hinterland. There are further threats of a rising in a remote district of Nigeria; while in South America the Colombians and the Venezuelans are still engaged in deadly strife, and the Republics of Chili and Argentina threaten to come to blows. The , hard knocks which the belligerents in South America are apt to exchange with one another, do not greatly affect British interests; though the ramifications of John Bull's trade are such that there must necessarily be some minor disorganis- ations. An outbreak of war between the Argentine Republic and Chili, for instance, would have con- sequences so far-reaching as to be felt even in tne English provinces. Vast numbers of cattle, sheep, and horses are exported from the Argentine ports, and not a few of the latter are at this moment in the service of our Army in South Africa. The difficulty for this country would be if the Chilian navy were strong enough to blockade the Argentine ports. Then the grain-laden argosies for Great Britain would be stopped, and the British corn trade—and the provincial consumer in due time— would assuredly have to bear the pinch.

Provincial towns which have been exercised one way or other as to the Lord's Day Observance Act are indebted to the Town Clerk of Bristol for having ascertained on behalf of the Watch Committee in that city in what other cities and towns the pro- visions of that act are strictly enforced, and whether such towns have local Acts dealing with the matter of Sunday trading. From the replies received the Town Clerk prepared a report in which he states that in Bolton, Bradford, Derby, Leeds, Leicester, Liverpool, Manchester. Newcastle, Nor- wich, Nottingham, Oldhaw, and Salford the pro- visions of the Act are not enforced, nor had those olae.es any local powers enabling them to stop Sunday trading. The Corporation of Oldham re- cently obtained statutory power bye-laws prohibit- ing the crying of newspapers in the streets on Sun- daysln Huddersfield the Act is not strictly enforced; that is to say, the police take no action unless special complaints are made. A few years azo attempts were made to enforce the Lord's Day Ob- servance Act, but so much hostile criticism was aroused as to cause the efforts to be abandoned. Tie Act is enforced in Hull. During last year 4,082 persons were proceeded against for breach of the Act and 4,082 coavictions were ob- tained. The Town Clerk of UuU however, adds that the maximum fins of 53 is too small to act as a deterrent Co those who wish to trade on Sundays. At Birmingham, it is set, forth, the Watch Committee some years since instituted proceedings under the Lord's Day Observance Act, but their action excited considerable comment, and since then the Act has become practically a dead letter. In Sheffield action has from time to time been taken by private individuals under the Act,but the Town Clerk of Sheffield says the magistrites have always been very reluctant to convict. It is noteworthy in this connection, that the object of the Act of Charles ll,,and the other and practically obsolete Acts of Charles 1., was to enforce a strict observance of the Sabbath, and not mainly to re- strict trade, and tha,, if these Acts were to be revived and enforced it would be necessary to pro- ceed again Olt many other persons besides small shopkeepers and news-vendors.

At the Conference on the 'lousing of the Poor, it will have been noted by newspaper readers, although held at Westminster the speeches de- livered were almost exclusively directed to the state of things alleged to exist in the provinces. Deplorable pictures were drawn of overcrowded and unhealthy hovels in our rural villages, as well as in some of the larger provincial towns, and a resolution was passed declaring this to be a grow- ing scandal and menance to the well-being of the nation. With all of which it is impossible not to agree. A demand was however made for a furthEr Act to enable local authorities to a^guire, compul- sorily, land for building cottages with gar4ens, and to'extend the periods for repayment of loans for such purposes. But. how about the Acts of Parliament already available? Many things are at present more urgently needed than"cottagers with gardens" desirable as these may be. and it is not easy to find where the requirements of the towns come in. The everlasting demand for new Acts of Parliament i must now be classed n the category of makeshifts for shelving admitted grievances in which the com- mon resort to Royal Commissioners, and " com- mittees of investigation," is included. There does not appear to be anything ireal or sincere about the i demand, except that it s ntended as a further means of marking time.

On the authority of Commissions it is known that even with the constant migration to populous places, over-crowding is a crying evil in many rural districts, and that it leads to a terrible amount of immorality. Still it is questionable whether all the housing schemes that have been projected, and they are many, and all the plans of" philanthrophy at five per cent." would woo the intelligent toiler back to the land unless he were assured that not only his material prospects but his social environment would be brightened; conditions which seem to be either lost sight of entirely by the would-be reformer, or to be in other ways im- possible of fulfilment. It has come to be recog- nised that, as a matter of fact many of our smaller villages have already been" drained of their best types of manhood and womanhood, and that the evils of intermarrying are beginning to tell. So that the weaker portion are stay-at-homes, and the decay of the rural population follows as one of the , inexorable laws of nature.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CURB A COLD IN ONII DAY:-

Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All Druggists refund the money if it fails to cure. Is. lid. The genuine is stamped L.B.Q.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
FxrMtTlvE METII)DIST BAZA

At the Town Hall, Frodsham, a bazaar in connec- tion with the Primitive Methodist Church,was held under the patronage of Mrs Garratt and others for the sale of fancy and useful articles and dairy pro- duce. There was a moderate gathering in the forenoon to witness the opening ceremony which was performed by Mr S Taylor .1 P, Runcorn. He was supported by the Rsys W A Eyre (Runcorn) H Davenport, (Chester). F F B imonds, T H Bailey and G C Percival, H Hooper and F J Hadfield, cir- cuit minister. Short concerts were given at inter- vals, and, on the whole, the meeting was a pro- nounced success. The object was the reduction of the chapel debt a substantial amount being real- ized.

UNDER THE CLOCK T3R GOOD BOOT3.—Adv 4 FOREIGNER IN TROUELE AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday, before Mr R H Posnett, a young fellow, named Alfred Stenzhorn, a Danish seaman, was charged with frequenting with intent at one o'clock on Monday marning.—P.C. Nicholls said that at the time stated he saw prisoner in Devonshire-square. He went to several doors and trieci them. Witness

ook him .to the station.—Prisoner said he simply sheltered in the door way from the storm. lie had nowhere to go and nothing to do and had no money. —Missionary Shaw, who had ben requested to attend, said that he would find a berth for the prisoner, and on thts understanding the prisoner was discharged.

H. M ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC Is TEM RING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY•BrREET, Warrington.--;Advt BEST BOOTS FoRiLL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.-94 WESTON POINT BIBLE CLASS.

On Sunday the above elsse held an interesting meeting under the presidency of Mr W Jones B. Sc. The customary address was delivered by the Rev J Osborne. IA., on "Puritans." He briefly sketched the history of Purittaisin and its infiuenc upon presett thought and action. The musical portion of the meeting, consisted of solos and duets, the vonlis:s being Messrs G Powell, E worrall, P Watson and Misses Hewitt and Clara

The eff ).rts of the Bethesda lunette party were highly appreciated. The chapel was almost filled and iG was one of the besG services ever held. It is gratifying to note that the attendances of this class have been steadily on the increase since its inauguration. H. ASHTON'S MPH TONIC rs THE TONG OP TONICS.-63, SANkET-STREEr, Warrington.—(Advt.)

===== 0002601_19011213_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DEATH OF A CHILD AT RUNCORN.

At the Runcorn Pollee Court on Wednesday be- fore Mr R Dobson. coroner, an inquest was held touching the (fetch of a child named William Kirkham.—Elizateth Kirkham, wile of William Kirkham, 34, York-street, said :that the deceased's name was Alfred Kirkham,and be was 11 "weeks old The child had been ill but on Monday evening it seemed all right and went to bed with witness and her husband. At 5.30 and at 7 nest morning , the child was alive and well, and witness left the L child there. At 800 witness went to fetch the child downstairs but. she found him quite dead.— Dr McLennan deposed that the last witness sent for him and on arrival he found the child dead. Re had made a post-mortem examination. The body was well nourished but the liver was large and congested. The cause of death was convulsions.— A verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was returned. TABLE. FLOOR. and HANGING LAMPS of every Ilescription.—J 8 GARlAND,lroamonger,.Bridge St,advt.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
MERSEY MISSION TO SELINIEN.

On Monday the mother's meeting which was commenced by Miss Wingfield Dighy at the close of the special Church Mission and has been held weekly and very well attended had their first tea meetinc.Upwards of 50 sat down to an excellent tea after a few words from Mr Shaw and Miss W D:gby. The mothers enjoyed themielv.,s very much and as this was the last meeting for the year it was arranged to commence the first meeting in the New Year on Monday January 6th. The fifth concert was held on Tuesday. Thera was a lair attendance and a good programme was gone through consisting of recitations by Messrs Leyland. Dutton and Blythe; songs by Messrs A Saunders, Beckley, Parr, and Goulding and Mr b' Bazley; duets by Messrs Temple and Bazley including duet by Messrs Bazley and Beckley. Mr Leyland also gave a humorous song entitled, " I did'nt know till after- wards," encored, A vote of thanks was proposed by Mr W Shaw seconded by Captain Hutchings for the way in which Mr Bazley's concert party went through the programme. Accompanists, Messrs. Grounds, Leyland, and Gounding, Mr Shaw also proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman. The singing of the national anthem brought the proceeding to a close.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
jaaN WALKER AND CO., B ,A7SEY STREET. WARRINGTON

PRINTIYG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS

WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS,

RUNCORN NOTES. [BY A CORRESPONDENT.I

Many people anticipated that the last meeting of the Scnool Board coming immediately as it dick after such a keen contest would have been an occa- sion for mutual recrimination. There was, of course , nothing of the kind and right thinking people will be glad that there was not. As a matter ot fact there was nothing to fail out about even had the , members wished unless it had been the prize which the ratepayers have to pay for the cost a the elec- tion. No true lover of education, however, will deny that the amount incurred to gain such a Board which we now possess, has peen money well spent. The next meeting of the Board is by far the most important as it will be the first men- ing of the New Board. It will be then decided who ; is to fill the important offices in connection with the Board such as chairman and vice chairman With all due respect to the present voltintaryists who occupy these important pasts it can easily be understood that progressive members must fill these seats of authority. It is, at present, impolitic to go into the .` why" of the question but one thing is certain, that if the Progressives now stay. their hand not only will they jeopardise their present position but alienate the sympathy of a good many of their supporters.

At present, as one of the results of the election, there is quite a little sensation convulsing the town owing to the publication of a challenge by Mr Baden to the Rev H B Firth. Can,Reines, by the way, seem now to be the order of the day. No one appears content to repudiate a statement or make an affirmation unless he introduces the word "challenge," which to the unsophisticated smacks of something eminently warlike. But tha word, in spite of its martial sound, is a very harmless one and means very little. No one need be afraid though it does sound big on paper. One cannot help thinking that this controversy as to "incense" anti" absolution" is one of those side issues which should have closed at the latest, with the result of the poll. Suppose Mr Boden is right, aud is justly " incensed" at the use of " incense" and genuinely wished to "absolve' himself from the effects of "absolution" given five years ago, what, in the name of all that's honest, has this got to do with the education question ? I know the natural answer of the Progressive,who disbelieves in creed taught at ,rday schools, to this question, but it essentially fails to hit the mark. Let the Noncon- formists who clamour so loudly for toleration be more considerate towards those whose tempera- ments are not suited to the plain unvarnished veri- ties of the religion which they believe. And if a man wishes to have the surpliced choir and the ornate ritual why should any one (Zaire to stand in his way. As one writer finely puts it " All paths ; lead to Heaven." True Evangelical and Ritualist ; meet but in one desire and make but one music.

--- At a mee7,lng neld at Brunswick School sorre faw days ago, which was exceptionally well attended, a goodly number of persons during an interval visit- ed the lower school-room, and were surprised to find that it possessed a gymnasium second to none in the town. At present there is an outcry made in many quarters that there are not sufficient places of amuz:ement and healthy recreation for the young men of the town. To a certain extent this is quite correct, and it's a pity 'cis so. But in one branch of culture—that of athleticism—there is a splendid opportunity which may never return to the young men of the town. A spacious gymnasium. fitted with all the modern appliances for the cultivation of bone and muscle, is open to be used by everyone yet strange to say, with the exception of the first season or so, the support for the last three years has been distinctly discouraging to those connect- ed with it. Why this should be so is hard to Pay Like the one associated with the Runcorn Y fC A, it seems that as soon as the charm of novelty has worn off, its value so depreciates as to make it worthless to the majority of the inhabitants. If, however, this institution is allowe I to lapse into the stage of thee' have beens "and the " are nots," not only will it be a lasting dishonour to the youths of the circuit, but also to the inhabitants at large.

Cultivation of the physique is important but the expansion of the intellect is equally necessary. A finely proportioned body and a well-balanced mind should always go together. At present the town really stands in need of a thorough good debating society where the young men of the town and dis- trict can find their oratorical legs. Sal to say a town like Runcorn, boasting such " an enlightened electorate " absolutely cannot pride itself on possessing a first class debating or literary society. The advantages of such an institution are too appar- ent to enumerate. It is pleasing to chronicle that there have been individualistic attempts made to float such an organization, but, more or le4s, each has beenidoomed to ultimate failure. "Tne Pickwick Club" started with a flourish of trumpets whim commanded success for a season but after one or two public meetings enthusiasm dwindled until the members were whittled down to less than half-a-dozen and these had to wind the concern up. This year has seen the death and burial of the Shorthand writers association," an organization not quite so comprehensive but emi- nently deserving of support. And so it would be possible to go on pointing out different classes in connection with various places of worship ,to • that have had to give up the ghost through lack of support. The present time sees the "Bruns- wick Mutual" with a magn•ficent record of forty years standing, which now, unfortunately drags out but a weary existence and :the " Ellesmere-street Debating Society " which is about equally well attended. Now what is to prevent these two societies amalgamating and forming a distinct literary and debating society free from any re- ligious body and quite open—as, indeed, they are at present—to every one in the town. There is no'doubt that the nucleus of a strong society is there and the materials are to hand. There need, perhaps, be nothing so ambitious as a Parliamentary debating society but merely an" open door " society which every young fellow could feel was a training ground for the sterner work of public life in which he might be called to participate in the nest future.

Two men, a boiled ham, and a police sergeant. So runs the tale told at length in another column. Let imagination run riot and see what a fanciful picture is conjured up. A winter's night, the stars twinkle dimly and the flickering gas lamps scarcely pierce the darkness. Church-street h wrapped in silence. The monotonous tramp of the police officer is no longer heard. The city sleeps, Hark I a footfall soundi. There lurking in the shadows are two men crouching and moving slowly towards a small shop through whose window chinks peers a dim light. Apparently they are fascinated by something, for the struggling moon beams disclose a look of eap_er expectancy:in their eyes. :Cautiou,ly the shop door latch is lifted and the two tread noiseles4y inside• A moment later they are outside holding something which, steaming, sends forth an odour most agree- ' able to the olfactory sense. As they more away the watcher understands that Charles Lamb's description of the origin ot roast pig is not so far fetched as he at one time supposed, Before long however the hue and cry is raised. The bares are in full fight with the hounds—in the shape of a gallant sergeant—hotly in pursuit. In lees time than one can tell the tale he had run his quarry to earth and they stand self confessed—the purloiners of a boiled ham Who played the most important part you ask? Not the ham because it was not eaten and that was all it was fit for. Not the men because they could not keep it when they had it which was all they were fit for. 1 herefore the sergeant —brave fellow—was the mon important personage for he collared his men which is princi- pally what he was fit for.

The Halton-road Sunday school scholars are to be pitied Last year at one or two of the socials some Of the juveniles—and perhaps adults—engaged in the heinous crime of osculating, which by interpre- tation means that they had the audacity and un- blushing effronteri to play "kissing-ring." The effective carrying out of this naughty game so horrified the powers that be, that when this dread- ful thing came to their ears, they visited their just wrath in condign punishment upon the heads of the devoted scholars. Henceforth there would be no more socials at Halton-road and it is now stated that the officials memories are EO retentive that they do not intend to allow any socials to be held in connection with the schools this winter at the Church or Sunday school. If this be true the scholars will be well advised if they will revolt from such a tyrannical mandate and holdtbeir annua socials elsewnere. •An yet the Church asks why it cannot maintain control over the youths and maidens ! !

===== 0002601_19011213_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE RUNCORN _CYCLE. PAILADE.

_ The financial balance sheet of the cycle parade has just been published and shows there was an expenditure of £46 las 7d. The handsome sum o PIOS 17s 81 has been realized leaving a nett profit of £62 7s Id. PRNRYITN CHOIR VISITS RUNCORN. The celebrated choir visited Runcoru on Tuesday in order to augment their funds. The substantial amount of £35 was realized. Mr E Gatley was the local secretary. NELSON-STRRRT MISSION. _

The above mission held its first Rand of Hope meeting for the winter session on Monday. There was a splendid gathering, Mr Harry Dodd being in the ,--411 air. The programme consisted of solos,duets, recitations, and choruses, the artistes being con- fined to members of the mission. Each item was exceptionally well rendered, the choir reflecting the highest credit upon the officials in charge, Mr Bazley and Mr J Hayes. THE TRANSPORTER BRIDGE. The tenders for the constructiun of this bridge across the Mersey at an estimated cost of £120,000 have been agreed upon. The Arrol's Roof and Bridge Company, Germiston, Glasgow,lonve secured the contract for the steel lattice and iron work, while that for the masonry has been placed with Messrs Thornton and Sons, Wellington-drive, Liver- pool. Preparations are in progress for making the approaches to the bridge on the Runcorn bank of the river,this work being in charge of Mr J Weston who built the celebrated Weaver sluices for the Ship Canal. Tie transporter bridge is expected to be completed in 18 months. ANNUAL CONCERT—VICTORIA ROAD BOARD SCHOOLS. .

The annual concert in connection with the Vic- toria-road Board Schools will be held on Monday and Wednesday December 16th and 18th in the Drill Rail, Runcorn. This entertainment is always looked forward to by a large section of the inhabi- tants as one of the treats of the winter season and this 5 ear they will not be disappointsd. A capital programme has been arranged which includes the burlesque operetta, "Cram, or the local exam." The proceeds are in aid or the prize and orphan funds of the national union of teachers. For further particulars see advt. WIDNES PIG DEALER FINED AT ST HELENS. Andrew Quinn, pig dealer, of Moss Bank. Wid- nes, was fined 17s 61 at St Helens County Petty Sessions,on Tuesday,for removing pigs in the town- ship of Bold without a licence. Superintendent Baxendale said the man got permits to remove three pigs from Widnes to the house of a man named Whitfield, grocer, or Bold, and to Bold Hall. where J W Fowles was farmer. Ile had only agreed for two pig& in each case,and removed three. Whitfield would not take the third, and it was taken on to Fowles. A charge against John Quinn, SOD, was dismissed, and a charge against Fowles , was withdrawn. RUNCORN ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY. The second concert of the season by the Society was given at the Bethesda lecture hall on Wednes- day evening. There was a splendid and apprecia- tive audience. Mr Ireland was the principal artiste and he enhanced an already high reputation by the way in which he rendered " Sally in our Alley" and "Good night beloved." Mr 31 Kruger was the instrumentalist, and the capital way in which he executed the violin solos allotted to him left noth- ing to be desired. The orchestra were in exceed- ingly good form, and under the capable conductor- ship ot Mr H Handley, whose influence was every— where apparent, won golden opinions for the skil- ful manner in which they acquitted themselves in the " Merry Musicians," "La Czarine," " Down South," "Pique Dame " and" Valse Bleue," Mr A Savage was the accompanist, and to him must be attributed no small share of the success of the ev en- ng.

MAGNETISM IN A BOILED HAM. That a newly boiled brown crumbed barn possesses magnetic properties was amply demon- strated at the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday morning when two disreputable middle-aged men named Henry Kehhaw, alias Henry Shaw, Halifax, and William Johnson, flatman, were charged with stealing a boiled ham valued at 14s on the 3rl inst., the property of Thomas Saunders, provision mer- chant, Church-street. Tke evidence showed that on the date mentioned Mr Saunders placed the ham, almost steaming hot, on the counter at 9.30 p.m. Hearing a slight noise in the shop, he glanced through the kitchen window but could see no one. Obviously, however, the two prisoners had been attracted by the aromatic smell emanating from the luscious joint, for on coming into the shop half an hour later he found the boiled ham missing. Saunders, like a sensible fellow, at once informed the police, and thanks to the energy of SerZeaut Gregory the two prisoners were apprehended within a few minutes of the theft. Knowing where the delinquents were likely to be that officer made his way to a lodging-house in Friar-street and found Johnson coming into Church-street with the ham under his arm. Questions elicited the fact that Johnson had received the ham from Kershaw with instructions to sell it, and that the ham had already been offered to a Martin Gilligan and a Mrs Hunt, who had, however, declined to have anything to do with the joint, though it had been proffered them at the nominal figure of is 61. Both prisoners, when charged at the police station, admitted the theft, and as they were nld convicts they were commituted for trial to the Knutsford Quarter Ses- sions. A ASK for CUNISINGHAIit:B HIGH-CLASS lAINERAL WATERS.—•Advt.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

beal

cash

Ought not Runc-or-n---ic;- be proud of Mr W E Hougb,who on Saturday played such a magnificent garni for Cheshire against Lancashire? Runcorn

5

hitherto, has been known as the breeding ground of Rugby playing youths, but now the town of ships, soap, an chemicals will be noted for having produced an Association player who may, ere long. figure in first-class fixtures. Of course everybody was pleased when it was known that W Hough was picked to represent his county in the struggle at Chester against Lancashire, Unfortunately, how- ever, the honour does not attach itself to Runcorn as directly as one would have wished, owing to lielsby having secured the services of this player. but, nevertheless, Runcorn bred him, and it is to this town alone that he owes his present proficiency. Runcorn, therefore, may justly claim a share of the honour, the more so when it is known that he lives and works in Runcorn, but plays as association goal-keeper for fielsby.

The " Athletic News" speaking of the game be- tween Cheshire and Lancashire says :—" Grim is a word insufficient to describe the struggle at Ches- ter on Saturday, where amateur elevens represent- jog Cheshire and Lancashire met in combat after a lapse of a considerable number of years. Though the pace at whici the game opened was remarkably slow, the work of the amateur undoubtedly being apparent, play ruled even unil 25 minutes had elapsed, when Hough the Cheshire custodian,earned three or four cheers for his excellent work. The marvel of itsll was how, after his backs were beaten, and the white-robed Lancastrian forwards were upon him like a pack of wolves, he got the ball away. His display came as an eye-opener,and it was only to be expected that defeat would come his way sooner or later. A hot shot, close in, from Sykes was caught by the little man, after the manner a wicket keeper takes the ball, and fumbling it, the leather pas3ed into the net, greatly to Hough's chagrin. That the Lancastrian victory of four goals to three was lucky in the extreme cannot be gainsaid. To snatch a win 13 seconds off time was running it close, and the result chagrined the Cheshire crowd not a little. Hough of Helsby, an obscure village, which has an excellent local eleven, was undoubt- edly the saviour of his side. But for his cat-like agility and marvellous precision in punching and kicking, a score of eight goals, aye, ten, might have been run up against the Cestrians. Hough is just the sort of lad a First League team would like to discover, and if he does not makethis way into first-class football I sha.l be mistaken."

--- It is not often that " Cestrian" writes in this strain about one who comes from an " obscure village," ani, therefore, very critically written we can all the more readily believe that " the little man " not only enhanced his already high local re- putation but bestowed upon the town an honour from which it would not willingly dissociate itself.

By ANOTHER CONTRIBIIT3II.. How are the: mighty fallen! Strange. isn't it that a good club often goes under when it is sup- posed to have an easy thing on. Everybody who is anybody in football predicted a victory for Run- corn on Saturday. It was only a Case of how many points Huddersfield would have to suffer from the Cheshire Champions. What a rude awakening it was to Runcornians when the telegram came, Huddersfield 20; Runcorn, 5; and vouched for by the familiar name of Ellison. Those who had not seen the telegram would not believe the news. But it was too true. What excuses canlavail in face of such a thorough thrashing. It is not a case of penalty goals and ifluky drop kicks. Runcorn's lines were crossed no fewer than six times and memory tails to recall how many years it is since the defence of the Green-uns broke down so completely. The absence of Houghton was no doubt a great factor in pav- ing the way for deleat. for not only did the team miss his personality, but the three-quarter line was sadly disarranged. It was forward, however, that the weakness lay and considering how the men have keld their own so far, this is somewhat stir- prisinz, but perhaps they are feeling the effscts of toeir hard work, and besides I do not think the best eight for such a tussle were chosen. But na amount of excuses or complainings will alter the fact that the hitherto vaunted superiority of Lan- cashire over Yorkshire fo Absll received a severe shock on Saturday, for Runcorn were not the only club to bite the dust badly.

A pleasanter theme. Congratulations to :dr Tir E Hough the assistant clerk to the Rural Council upon the brilliant display he made in the Cheshire goal against Lancashire in the Amateur County match at Chester. Rincornians have always known him as a good one between the sticks and when he had the chance he has quickly demon- strated his ability in gool company.

Since Latchford Rangers stopped Runcorn Hornets winning career the latter have 'twice lest. Widnes Rangers were the lest too the trick after a ding dung game and the Hornets no longer bold the commanding lead in the Lancashire Junior League table that they did. They are still:at the top with 13 points for nine matches, Runcorn Recreation being second with ten points for seven matches and Widnes Rangers third with eight points for six matcheA. The competition is therefore in a very interesting state.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN CLERICAL SENSATION.

It will be remembered that during the recent School Board election certain charges w,,.re made by Mr Soden, against the Bev H B Firth, curate, to the effect that he had used" incense" upon a certain occasion and bad also "absolved " him in the most orthodox or unortho- dox manner. These charges Mr B3den formulated under ten beads and were published in a contemporary some time ago. Needless to say the sensation continues to be a fruitful topic of conversation In Runcorn. In hist charges against the Rev 11 B Firth, Mr Soden mentions an agreement he holds signed" Hertrrt B Firth,priest." I!, is generally believed nat this agreement has some reference to absolution and incense. but the annexed copy of the document shows this is not the case : " I, an unworthy servant of Jesus Christ. in thankful remembrance of God's mercy to me, and humbly desir- ing to lead a new life, do thus solemnly resolve :—(1) That I will pray morning and night kneeling. (2) The:: I will examine myself every;night as to my besetting fault or faults. (3) That I will read attentively some verses of the Bible daily. (4) That I will attend the public worship of the Church as often as I can, and when prevented will try to say some of the service at home.

Signed, EDWARD BODEN. Witness. HERBERT B. EIEiTII, Priest.' "It is appointed unto men once to the, but after this the judgment." Ta me to live is Christ and to die is gain." The agreement bears a date so long ago as " Jane Ird, 1896." So far we have been unable to ascertain the stand taken by the Rev fl B Fan to the matter other than the direct negative that he gave to the charge of using incense when the subject was first broached.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. II the advantages of cooperation may be sf cured without trouble bjr customers dealing with BOOTS. the CASII PRICE DISPRNSING CHEMISTS, who prepare Physicians Prescriptions ant Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about onehalf the usual charges, or equal to an Immediate dividend of 50 per cent. on the ehtlay. NEARLY 330 BRIOCHES. 1-

EACH BRANCH IS UNDBR THE BLANAGIIIIRicr tilt A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST.

35, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON. 5, B RIDGE-SIR:Mr

ALSO AT 6, ORNISEIRK-STREET, ST. HELENS. BRIDGE-STREET, RUNCORN & 20, ALBERT-ROAD. WIDNES

E GEORGE HOWARD DECEASED. A LL PERSONS RIVING ANY CLAIMS AcaiNsr .C 1 THE ESTATE Or GEORGE HOWARD, late of Hall street, Warrington and Percivalslane, Euncorm, Metal Broker and General Merchant, deceased, are requested too , send particulars of same forthwith to the undersigned. Dated this 3rd day of December, 1931. ARTHUR BROWNE AND CROMPTON, 67, Sankeystreet, Warrington, Solicitors for the Executrix. ASSEJIBLY ROOM. CONSERVATIVE CLUB, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ON MONDAY. DECEMBER 16TH. 1931, MR. TO5l BOOTHROY D'S STH ANNUAL BANJO. MANDOLINE AND GUITAR CONCERT. THE MOST VARIED AND MNJOSIBLE CONCERT OF THE SEASON. Prices of Admission : 23, le, 61. Doors open at 7 15. Concert at 7 45. Early door far. ticket bolder' at 7. Tickets may be obtained from Mr Tom Boothroyd's atudio., 9, Surr-etreet ; members of the orchestra, and Pupils.

I

5

I

I

===== 0002601_19011213_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 i

===== 0002601_19011213_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTHY AND STRONG.

When you feel " run down," and can't face your work properly. you have only to take a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, then you will relish your food and pick up your bodily strength and spirits quicker than you lost them. G wilyna Evans' Quinine Bitters is The Best Remedy for Indigestion, weakness, Nervous- ness, Loss of AppetitP, Flatulence. L 397 Spirits, Sleep- lessaess and Cneat Aff-clonp. TESTIMONIALS. _ _

D?ar Sirs, Alltmelyd, Rhyl. I have suffered for years from Weakness, Low Spirits, and Indigestion, and the best remedy I have ilad is Gwilym Evans' t,ruinioe Bitters. I take it every year, and would not be without it for anything.—Yours truly, M. WiLLIAM3. A WONDERFUL MEDICINE, 22, Burden-street, Winsford. Some time ago I had the Influenza, and the Doctors could do me no good with their medicine, so I took two bottles of Gwilym Evans' Ciainine Bitt,rs, and it has done me a lot of good. I think Gwilym Evans' Winine Bitters is a Wonderful Medicine,—Yours truly. L MELLOR.

Sirs.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
PEOPLE TELL THE TRUTH.

Peepll tell the truth about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, because they are grateful for the good they have derived when suffering from starved, poor, thin blood ;or the exhaustion of nerves, and the worries from uverwork.

DONE 311:CH GOOD. Dear Sirs, 33, Dunstoc-street, laazgerston. Will you be so kind as to forward me three bottles of Gwilym Evans' Q iinine Bitters (12s 6 .1) as soon as possible. I feel that the tottle which I have taken has done me much Rood, and I believe if I take three more bottles they will s,t me to rights attain. I am glad to say that I feel much better after taking one bottle.— Yours truly. M. MORGAN, RECEIVED GREAT BENEFIT.

Sirs, 8, Campbel.-street, Szocktoc-on-Tees. Having received great benefit myself fvtn taking. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters on different occasions, I wish my nephew, who is very weak, to give it a trial Tnerefore send me, by return of post, a 43 63 bottle, for w.tic) I eneoss cash.—Yours truly, R. J. Joys. SAVE YOURSELF FROM. IMITATIONS.

Save yourself from the fhod of imitations that fill the market. Insist on having the Genuine article. Look on the label, stamp and bottle, and find the name " Gwilym Evans." Then you are safe. No other pre- ration is " Suit as good," or " The same thing." Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles 2s 91 and 4i 61 each, or will be sent. es rritge free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprie- tors :—The Quinine Bitters Manufa;turing Company, Limited, Vanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

THEFT FROM A SHANTY AT LOWKR WALTON.

At the Occasional Court on Tuesday, before Mr H Niel& Joseph Wilkinson, last from Manchester, and a native of Hatton, Cheshirs. was charged on remand with stealing a nuantitv of wearing apparel anti other articles value £l. 19s 64 thelproperty of George Gould from a shanty on Rose Wood!Ferro, Lower Walton, on the 26th November.—John Rovlance, manager for Ur John Appleton, pawnbroker. City-road, Manchester said that on November 28th prisoner came into the shop and pledged a mackintosh for 2s 6.1 in the name of Roberts, Iffleamere-street.—George Gould, a groom employed at Walton Hall, said it was his duty to look after the horses at Rosewood Farm. He had his food in a shanty on the farm, and here he kept his clothes. On ass-ember 26th at 6.45 p.m. he locked up the shanty, leaving his cloth's inside. He returned to the shanty next morning at 6.30 and found that someone had broken into it and taken numerous articles of clothing fie. Be gave information to the police. He saw the articles pro- duced on December 4th at the Stockton Heath Police Station and identified them as his property.—A youth named James Stubbs, pawnbroker's assistant, employed by Mr Charles Taylor, Chester-road. Manchester, stated that on November 28th prisoner pledged a pair of trousers, a vest and a stable rubber at the shop for 35., giving the name of Roberts, Elles- mere-street—Bessie Francis Higgins, landlady of lb •‘ Locomotive" Inn, Oldham-road, Manchester, stated tha one night about the end of November, prisoner called at he house and asked her to take charge of a bundle, an overcoat and a tin can for him until morning. Prisoner never returned for the articies.—P C Godley, of the Man- chester City Police, stated that at 315 a m on the 29th ult he took the prisoner into custody for sleeping in an out- building at the rear of the Prestwich Union Offices. Cheetharn. He took him to Derby-strs et Police Station and on searching him found in his possession four white linen hsndkerehlefs, a rod bundle handkerchief a razor and case, shaving bruih, three spoons a pair of folding scissors and a table knife (part of the stolen property produced). Prisoner . Was handed over to the Cheshire police by magistrate's order —P C Lee stationed at Lower Walton, eald that on Decem- ber 3rd he received the prisoner into custody from the Man- cheater police and charged him with the tiseft. He replied, " It's no use beating about the bosh, I will tell you all. Give me that bundle and I will show you what is mine and what is not." Prisoner produced from the bundle all the articles ' identified by the last witness. He was wearing the leggings and shirt stolen from Walton. Prisoner then said- •.-Don't be hard on me and I will tell you where the other things are," In consequence of what prisoner told him witness. recovered the articles pledged and also those left at the public house. He also recovered a pair of grey trousers from a farm at Actnn Grang..—Prisoner who had nothing to say. Was committed for trial to the linutsford Quarter Sessions

===== 0002601_19011213_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

FR:DlT—Before the Deputy Mayor (in the chair). Coun- cillors Smethurst. W Plorpoint. and J Roberts, Messrs J'sepberd, Ityrni-r Young and Thornton. VioI:ENT AsSLULT ON A WlFE.—Edward Mee, 68 Lyth- goes'-lane, was summened for assaulting his wife Ellen on the 3rd inst.—Mr V B Fowler appeared for the complainant and said that on Sunday evening last complainant was having tea when defendant came in and alter making use of bad language, threatened to throw a lighted lamo at her. Corn- 1 plaicant did not speak to him, but defendant struck her a violent blow on the side of toe head. Complainant tried to _get out of the house and defendant stopped her at the door and struck the child she was carrying. inflicting a black eye. She ran Intl the yard and defendant followed her and struck her another blow on the side of the head.—Defendant was fined 10s, BOTH TO BLAME —Adrian Shirley. 3, Refuge-stree-t, was summoned for assaulting his wife Sarah on December 2nd. —Mr Browne appeared for the detenciant.—Complainant stated that on Sunday her husband got a knife and threatened to cut her throat. The knife was taken from him and he tried to choke her. She left the house and returned on Monday, when defendant threw her on the floor ard kicked her.—The defence wasthat complainant was continually drinking, and on Sunday was under the influence of drink. He denied having struck her and said he only pushed her away from him, and she, being druak, fell on the floor.—The magistrate were of the opinion that both parties were to blame, and dismissed the case. ISIOND.LIr.—Befo,e Mr F Monks (in the chair) and Messrs Birchall: Hayward, Thornton and Wright. TrIARITUAL DRUNKARD AND A:WORTHLESS FELLoW.—John Wilfred Delooze. plasterer. 9 Bircioalt-street. was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bank-street on Saturday night--The Chief C.ustable said this was the fourth time the prisoner bad been before the magistrates during the last twelve months. He had been three times convicted, and now pleaded guilty to the fourth offence. That brought him within the provisions of the Inebriates Act of 1993, and it became a question as to whether it would be worth the while to send him to an inebriates borne for three years. He was an habitual drunk- ard and a very worthless fellow. ohould the magistrates, however, elect to send him to an Inebriates' home his main- tenance would in a great measure fall upon the rates. He &ingested the prisoner was not worth the expense. He WAS nothing short ot a wastrel.—The Chairman said he did not think they should send an able-bodied young fellow to an asylum.—P.C. Johnson proved the case, and the Chief Con- stable stated that the prisoner now made his 24th appear- ance.—Prlsoner was sent to gaol for a u-onth. Miecct.Calseats,—William Williams, carter. 1, Dannett - street, was summoned for hiving been drunk in charge of two horses and a lorry. in Liverpool-road on* December 2nd. P.C. C.ongh said the defendant nearly drove Into another lorry, and afterwards got his horses on the footpath. The lorry was laden with looses of caustic.—This was defendant's first appearance. and the magistrates infl'eted a fine of 511. Peter Curley. 42. Back Dallam-lane. was fined in the costs and bound over for committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Horsemarketostreet on the 30th ult.—John Dun- bobbin„2s, Rodney-etre ?t. and Frank Mills, 35, Pinner's- brow, were also bound over to keep the peace for fighting on the same date. The magistrates considered that Mills was the more to blame and ordered him to pay the costs.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

153 ND &Y.—Before Bles,ra P J. Forman (in the chair) and

31 Ockleston:

TRANSFER9.—Arckihald Halning late ef the Royal Hotel, applied for permission to sell at the Royal Oak, Weston. Granted. James James was granted permission to eau at the Royal Hotel, Mersey-street. x INLAND REVENUE PRISECUTION.—George Peter Wilson was summoned at the instance of the Inland Revenue for keeping, on the sth October two carriages and having only a lieense for cue. Mr Donnelly prosecuted on behalf of the Inland Revenue.—Defendant's wife asked that the case should be adjourned In order that they might communicate with Somerset House.—Adjourned for a week. ALLEGED TISEYT BY A SEA HAN.—JaMea wall again remanded for a wees, on the evidence of Sergeant Gregory, for an alleged theft of £3 from James Nurse, the captain of the •• John Walton," A NEGRO IN TROUELE.—Jotn McKennic, a coloured man was fined 5s and costs or in default seven days for having used obscene language on Saturday. Prisoner said he would rather go to the " bospttal ' (meaning gaol) thou pay the fine. P.C. Edwards proved the case. TRAVELLING Wyrnonr i LlGHT.—Thomas Aldred, was charged under warrant, for having neglected to provide himself with a light for bis cart on the 20th November last. —P.C. Britt proved the cff 'ace, the defendant pleading that he had sent a boy for a lamp to affix to the vehicle at ,the time the offence was committed He had not appeared to answer to the summons because he had keen M.—Pined LI including costs.

Sudden Deaths. The police have received information of the su3den death of the six-weeks-old child of Annie Flaherty, of 6, Eldon-street. Charlotte Higham, a widow, 72 years of age, and who lived at 40, School- brow, died suddenly on Sunday morning. he had been in a delicate state of health for some time.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

I

I

'

===== 0002601_19011213_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL CASES Al LIVERPOOL

SESSIONS.

The Warrington Burglar Smartly

Sentenced.

Sir William B Forwood presided over the Liverpool County QaArter Sessions, which were held on Taesday at the Court house, Islington.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
TRH WARRINGTON BURGLARY.

Georwe Chapman,l 19. described as a fisherman, pleaded guilty to three indictments —(I) charging him with burglariously break'ng and entering the dwelling house of John Cosgrove, at Warrington, on November 24. and stealing a watch a gold ring, and other property, and £1 17s in money ; (2) that he burglariously broke into and entered the dwelling house of Lharles H Badger at Whiston,on November 29,and stole property to the value of £4 10s tend (3)that;he broke into Mr Badger's wate- house on the same dale, and stole several articles. He was found dealing with the property In St Anne-street, Liver- pool, on the following day. His record was a bad one. He had broken out of the home to which he had been se,t, and was dealt with as a refractory pauper. He was committed to jail for three years.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
'A RICH CHRI9T4AS BOX."

Mary Elizabeth Cross, 41, laundress, pleaded guilty to stealing on November Bth. at Sankey, several articles f clothing, the property of Bertie Ray, Leonard Cook, John Leigh, and Frank Taylor.—Cross, who had been previously convicted. WAS sent to prison for six months.—'' That's a nice Christmas box," remarked the prisoner as she was being taken below.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A CIVIL DEBT AND CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS.

Ralph Plant, 24, potter, was charged with. at Warrington on April 6 and 9, 19C03 defrauding by false pretences William Breward and inducing him to accept three bills of exci.ange for the payment of the respective sums of £.4,233. and £3l 17s. Mr Harrison prosecuted, and Mr Rutledge de- fended.—ltiwas alleged that the bale were given in respect of a representation that certain crates of pottery consigned to Breward were lying at Longport Railway Station,whereas when Breward went to the station on a date arranged there were no such goods there. It trauspired in evidence that several crates of pottery were deposited at the station on the dates mentioned by the prisoner. Breward admitted re- ceiving several crates and sending back seven which came to hand as useless. Prisoner went into the box and swore that had his firm not gone into bankruptcy he would have executed all the orders he had from Breward. The landlord put the bailiffs in possession of the premiees. and the goods in question were afterwards realised by the official receiver in bankruptcy.—The Chairman intimated that he did not think the case was sufficiently strong to conviet, and the jury agreed with him. The Chairman said it was an attempt made to recover a civil debt by criminal proceedings—a prac- tice which was to be deprecated.—The jury found the prisoner not guilty, and he was discharged.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFr OF LEAD AC WIDNES.

Joseph Stanley 5, labourer, and Edwin Bond. 56, flat- man, were each sent to priton tor three months for stealing 66Ibs of lead at Widnes, on December 3, the property of the United Alkali Company.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
A BURDEN TO HMSELF.

Dropsy, Backache and Cramp make Life a Misery for Mr. Cooper. His complete Cure, by taking Dodd's Kidney Pills was a surprise to all His friends.

The account Mr. Charl-!s Cooper gives of his sufferings should be of s3rviee to all sufferers from dropsy, ! backache and cramp, because the writer also states the certain means he found of securing a complete cure. Like nine out of ten diseases, these ailments are due to the kidneys and the kidneys alone. These organs are so weak thao they do not do their duty ; poison that the kidneys should take out is left to linger in the body, to pollute the blood and to set up all manner of painful illnesses. Mr Cooper, who resides at Eaton Marsh, West- bury. Wilts, says his illness commenced with cramp in his feet and legs. "My back achel very , badly ; my water was like blood. I got little ! or no rest at night a3d felt as tired in the morning as when I went to bed at night. Then dropsy set in,my legs hegan to swell and the water hung from them in bags." After being, under the doctor for six weeks aed not getting any better, Mr Cooper found the right remedy. He tried Dodd's Kidney Pills, and " alter ! taking two boxes," he writes " the water pc urc d ut of my body." Be is now quite bettor, and his cure is due , to Dodd'd Kidney Pills alone. Mr Cooper took the remedy that never fails to set the ! kidney's right —Dodd's Kidney Pills. Once the kidneys ! are right, Dropsy, Backache, Cramp, Rheumatism and other derangements cannot exist. Hopeless sufferers should see that the kidneys are well and so get at the ! foundation of the disease. To keep the kidneys well I there is nothing to equal Dodd's Kidney Pills. Of all Chemists, Dodd's Kidney Pills are 23 91 per box 6 boxes 13 ,91 or post tree on receipt of price by the ! Dodd's Medicine C0.,23, Farringdon-avenue London,E.C. Important to remember the name

===== 0002601_19011213_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLY WARRINGTON LITERATURE.

Interesting Lecture by Mr. Madeley.

Early VVa rington printed books " was the suiej-ct of a highly interesting lecture aelivered at tbo Museum on Thursday last week, under the auspices of the War riugton Society by Mr C Madeley. Councillor Berms t presided,but,no doubt owing to the state of the weather there was a small attendance. At the outset the lecturer said the local collection is the: Library was of considerable extent, comprising about 2,000 books and pamphlets. If they dealt with Warrington books broadly they would have to begin their :survey at the year 174 as that was the date of the earliest book they hal which had any connection with Warrington. Teat book was edited by a Warrington man and printed in Italy. He proposed to deal only with early Warrington printed books, and would therefore have co brain about 300 years later, and stop at about thp year 1504. Toe local codsction in the library had been principally derived from two sources, one a large collection of books and pamphlets which were received be gift and bequest from Dr Kendrick, and the other a number of books which were purchased by means of subscriptions; contributed for about ten years by a number of friends of the library at a time when the Committee did not feel justified, on account ore the smallness of their income, in purceasing the books nut of the ordinary funds. Mr Madeley then went cr, to say that John Eyres was the first Warrington printer whose name they had, and his name appeared at the foot of a broadside, which was the earliest piece of Warrington printing they were aware cf, the date of its pruductiou being about 1734. The first piece of Warrington literature which be (Mr Madeley) had come acrots was " The import- ance of Is arning," a sermon preached before an assembly of ministers in Manchester in 1760,the imprint being sin' ply"lVarriogton." The printing of the famous William Ears was dealt with,and the lecturer mentioned that Ey res was closely conureted with the Library being in his early days the librarian. Mr Madeley pro-, ceedel to speak of the tremendous influence exercised on the production of literature and printing in Warrington by the Academy which was founded in 1757. Apparently the first man conn, cted with the Academy who 'leashed or had anything printed at Warrington was 'Dr Priestley, who came here in 1761. The works of the other famous writers cooneoted with the Academy were touched upon, the names of D: Forster, I Dr, Enfield, the Aikin family. Mrs Barbauld and I Gilbert Wakefield being mentioned. Li referring to Eafield's bock ' The Speaker " Mr Madeley said it was at one time as well known in England as any book at all except the Bible. It served a great purpose and did a great deal of good, and it was a epoestioa whether the coming down to the popular taste which had lately taken place in this class of book. resultea in such real advantage to the student as the study of Eeficld's " Speaker." Continuiog, Mr Madeley said that in Eome respects the greatest name on their list was that of John Howard, the prison reformer, who came to Warriegton in order to get his great work on the state of prisms in England and Walni,printed. It was rather the fashion o say that Howard's reform work was a failure, and did not produce any effect in the reform of prisons, bet still, as an inspiration for other reformers, the work which Howard did and his actual personal life had been of the very greatest value. A magnificent book printed in Warring:trio:was the "Memoirs of the Earls of Warren and Surrey," by the Rev John Watson. of Stockport. Other works referred to were those of the Rev Edward Owen, Rector of Warrington, Rev James Glaz3brook, Vicar of Si James's, wtii.oh comprised sermons and productions of a devotional character. Mr Madeley read a number of controversial pamphlets issued with respect to the pro- posal to establish a " Court of Conscience " at Warring- ton and do away with certain butchers' stalls. One of the pamphlets asserted that if the proposals were carried out " the beautiful Bridge-street would be deserted and overgrown with grass." (Laughter.) The last work referred to was the evie poem " Alfred "by John Fitchett, printed by Haddock, Warrington, Eyres' successor. Mr Madeley said it was about the longest poem ever written in the English language, containing about 10 times as many lines as an ordinary poem. When be was asked if the poem was read in Warring- ton he replied" No ! We are satisfied with having pro- duced it." (Laughter.) All the works referred to by Mr Madeiey were exhibited on a table and were afterwards inspected with tee greatest interest. One of the most unique of these was the manuscript of the poem " A'fred." The lecturer was cordially thanked on the proposition of Mr H Stuart Page, seconded by Mr E J Hall.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISHMEN IN TROUBLE

Thousands of Englishmen are in pain and trouble every day through Backache, Lumbigo, Er ivel. Kidney Disease, Dropsy, Wind, Water complaints. All these will find a positivfi cure in Holdrovd's Gravel Pills. Try one box, money returned if not satisfied. Is Itcl. all chemists. Post tree 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL Cleckbeaton, Yorks.

*„. Secretaries ofFootl3ill Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must reach the Head Office, Bewsey-street Warrington, before 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, otherwise they eannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

BkTLEY TUR.N' TII3 TABLES ON WARRINGTON.

Since the first Saturday in September, Batley have been thirsting for revenge on Warrington for the severe beating they got at Wilderspool, and last Saturday thay succeeded in defeating the Warringtmlans be the substantial margin of 10 points to nil. Both sides were as selected, W Davies turning out for the borne team for the first time after his two months' suspen•iion. Mr 13ruckshaw of f Stockport was the referee and the teams lined o it as foilows : Batley : Girner, full back ; Davies. Goodall, Fitzgerald, and Auty. threeguarters ; Oakland andlMidgley, halfbacks ; Carroll, Spurr. Rodgers, Stubley, Clayton, Fisher, , Fozzard, and Judge, forwards. . .

Warrinaton Hallam, full back ; Fish,lsherwood, Dicken- son and Harris threequarters ; Allen and Burgess. half backs ; Morrison, Boardman. Edrooodson, Fell, J Swift, W Swift, Ashton. and Edwards forwards. There wete about 2,000 spectators present when Spurr started for Batley against a very strong wind. Mo:rison missed his mark, and the first scrimmage formed at the Warraigton quitter. Allen got hold but was promptly h 5,1,1. Then Oakland secured and passed to Davies who ran trickily across the ground and passed ha Autv. who lost the ball in touch. Fish punted down the field and Bargess followed up well, but a penalty to Batley gave them a footing in the Warrington half once more. A smart pass to Davies resulted In the tricky Welshman beating Harris and punting over Hallam's bead, Oakland taking the ball on the bounce and running in under the ports. Davies added a goal, and War- rington were in a minority less than ten minutes from the start. Play bacame very vigorous, and Warrington getting hold passed smartly across, Dickenson being pulled down near the line. Batley dribbled back to centre, Allen broke away from the scrimmage and threw to Harris. who ran strongly for the line, but was upset in the corner by Garner. Fish had a penalty shot at goal but failed. Warrington's efforts seemed singularly ineffective. Morrison was laid out, but resume and Batley again cleared by good forward play. Hallam nest had a penalty shot at goal but was no more successful than Fish. Burgess was very energetic and getting away once was brought down heavily by Davies. The Warrington half was found to be hurt awl two doctors helped to carry him from the field. The report was that his collar bone was broken, and up to half-time Fish filled the vacancy, Edwards going left av:nig. Batley were still 5 points aheal when they c'aanged ends. Fish restarted and Warrington soon became aggressive free kick gaining ground. Oak and secured and with a loag punt transferred play to the Warrington half, Then a loud cheer announced the fact that Burgess had returned, the p'ucky Flixton youth taking his place babind the pack once more Davies got hold and drOpped at goal, but missed the Object. Batley attacked hotly. Isherwood and Hallam both saving finely. Omasionally Warrington carried play to the home quarter but a,long punt with the wind soon sent them to the right about. After keen play the ball was sent past Hallam and Davies outpacing the Warrington full back grounded far out, tint the referee disallowed the point, the ball being in touch in goal. Warrington were kept busy and finally had their line e-ossed again. Davies ran splen- didly across to Auty and then centred. the home forwards carrying the ball over in a body. Hallam had little chance to save and Carroll got a try behind the posts, Davies again piecing a goal. Play continued to be in the home team's favour, and Auty made two vigorous attempts to cross at the corner hut was each time thrown in touch by Fish. rinal : Batley 2 goals, 2 tries GO points) ; Warrington nil.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. HUDDRRSFIRLD.

There would not be more than 3,C0) persons at 'Fartown on Saturday to witness Runcorn ani Huddersfield play their return match, probably because it was thought, from some of the displays of the home side recently, that it would be a runaway match for the Cestrians, as some of the prophets had predicted. Both teams turned out as seleeecl, so that no excuse could be off 'red by either side. Sutcliffe won the toss and elected to play downhill with a strong wind behind him, Farmer started pay, and in the first few minutes Huddersfield had a penalty kick, but Kitchen's kick came to naught. Play had not been long in pr gtrers ere Wilkinson had a kick chsrged and Driver scored far out, a try which Kitchen failed to convert. This roused players and spectators, and a moment later Kitchen r ceived possession after Borne smart passing of the half-backs and Larard and scared on the other side,but his own kick a: goal failed, Then Hurdler- field attacked again, and Deere ran to within a yard or twe of the line and passed to Walter Dewbirst. who rushed over scoring try number three. Sutcliffe took the piece kick,but fines' to add the two extra points. Again the borne side got in a strong attack, and after a spell of passing Deere got over a long way out, and Sutcliffe this time with a beautiful kick sent the bsll over the bsr amid tremendous cheering. This put Huidersfield well ahead, and Driver nearly added two points by a kick at goal from a mark. Play had no sooner bees resumed than the home side toßc the ball to the Runcorn quarters, and in a scramble Little- wood got over. Sutcliffe took the place kick again, but this time failed to add any points. Again there was a spell of attack, but the Runcorn men not only repeled it, but went away with a grand rash and did not stop till they had reached the tlividerefield quarter line, and some passing among the half-baeks and three-quarters looked as if Butter- worth would get In. but he was foiled and Huddersfield not only relieved but got in anothsr bit of attack when the inter- val arrived, at which time Huddersfield led by a goal arid five tries to nothiag. Fears were expressed that now that Runcorn had the wind at their backs they would be able to turn the tables, but it was seen that the home players meant business, and they repelled the attacks made by the visitors. among whom Joller and Butterworth were prominent. W Dewhirst put in a -brillisnt run from his own quarter line to beyond the centre, but Wilkinson dropped beck ta Readyhoueli who saved well in front of his own goal. Then followed a bit of remarkable play. The home forwards started a dribble which Sutcliffe continued alone and then was joinsd by Deere.who scored in a very good position. Kitchen had tbe place kick, but the bell simply rolled on the ground and over the line. Following another fine idribble by Sutcliffe. Driver and others. R inco-n by mean* of some passing reached tile home " 25 " and from a past out of touch go: to the line, and some passing by the Runcorn backs ought to have ended In Butter- worth scoring, but he missed it. Farmer essayed a penalty kick, but it failed to add m ,re than a minor, and it was not till jest before the end that Butterworth got over the line, scoring Renown's only try, which Farmer with a very good kick c )nverted. Then thslwhlstle wrnt for "no-side," with the score—Huddersfield, 1 goal 6 tries ; Runcorn 1 goal 1 try.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BROUGHTON RANGERR V. BRADFORD.

The first mee',ing between these clubs took place on the Rangers' ground before about 5,00) spectators. Both Clubs were strongly represente and a well-contest.d game was played, which the Rangers won by the large margin of seventeen points. This result was mainly due to the marked sup.riority of the play of the home three-quarters, who seldom failed to take advantage of the small openings which presented themselves and turn them to good account. Broadiev commenced the yame for Bradford, and for a short time the play was coafined to midfield. By short stages the Hangers worked their way to the visitors' line, when S James got hold of the ball and droppeda goal. Shortly after- wards Bradford were penalised for off-side play, and W James kicked another goal for the Hangers. Then the Hangers completely overplayed their opponents for some time, and Wilson made a fine opening for Hampson to score a try. which W James failed t improve, At half-time the Rangers led by seven points to nothing. The second half was very evenly contested. but. If anything, Bradford were oftener on the attack. Both Sinton and Murgatroyd were only kept from scoring by the strong tackling of the home backs, whilst the weak combination of the visitors' three- qu*rters allowed ‘' several good chances to go past them. Wilson scored two capital tries forthpeoißntasn)ge; ri3s,rabdoftohrdof, which W James improved.and the game ended :—Broughton nEoatnhginergs., four goals and three tries (a Swredow V. HULL. The fret match between these Chlbe was played at Hut before about 8,000 spectators The home club was strongly represented, but, unfortunately for Swinton, neither Lewis nor Bob Valentine were aele to play. Swinton kicked off, and quickly their backs got away, but Hampson was too well watched by Perry to get far, and eventually Swinton were forced back to their line. After Chorley had conceded a minor to relieve the pressure Swinton were penalised In their own quarter. and Jacques kicked a goal for H ull. Then Swinton played up vigorously, and both Davies and Morgan gave their fhreequakters plenty of opportunities but the defence of Parry and Hambrecht prevented both Cooper and liampson from crossing the home line. At bolt time Hull led by two points to nothing, Swinton renewed the attack early in the second half, which, however, was speedily re- pelled, and then a round of passing between Thompson. Jacques and Parry enabled the last-named player to score an unimproved *, for Hull. Shortly afterwards Parry bad another good opening, but he failed to gather the ball, and thus lost a certain try. Hull, however, kept up the attack, and Jacques scored another unimproved try, the final score being :—Hull,one goal and two tries (eight points); owinton nothing.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
HALIFAx P SALFORD.

This return match was played at Halifax in boisterous. Weather before only a Small number of spectators. The game was stubbernly contested, both sides being aggressive in

===== 0002601_19011213_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINER FRUIAY, DECEMBER 13 1901

turn. but the defence prevailed, and when no-side was called the result was a pointless draw.

OLDHAM v. LEIGH.

At Oldham before 8 000 spectators. The game was even and well contested,but passing was neglected by both sides, and the result was that there were few exciting lad. dente, and the play rarely rose above mediocrity The forwards were well matched, Leigh having the advan- tage in the first half and Oldham in the second, but the Oldham backs have rarely played a worse game, and in this respect they contrasted unfavourably with the Leigh backs. who were smart and clever, both on the attack and the de- fence. Only Thomas and Lawton in the Oldham back division did themselves jastice, the remainder being slow and uncertain and the attempts at combination poor. Leigh fully deserved the victory. Kight started for Leigh 'against the wind and the opening stages were even, both sides Indulging in lofty kicking. Eventually a rush by the Oldham forwards ended in Leigh having to concede a minor. Leigh were per.alised on several occasions, and eventually Ferguson placed a goal. Leigh now attacked vigorously and after clever play bp Dunbavia, Molyneux, Bennett and Causer, the last-named was pulled dawn by the leg as he WAS crossing the line. A moment later, however. Dunbavin with a clever screw kick dropped a goal, and at the interval the score was a goal each. Leigh had now the wind. and they swarmed round the home line, but the Oldham forwards rushed the scrummages ire fine style and repeatedly cl mred. Eventually, after Bennett and Causer had almost scored, 'iaylor dropped a goal. and Leigh won by two goals (four points) to a goal (two points).

===== 0002601_19011213_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETI-

TION•

SATURDAY'S RESULTS.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Stockport St Helen. 0 2 6 -

Widnes 1 1 5 Hull:Ktnoton R... 2 0 4 Millom 4 13 47 Altrinchtm Rochdile Hornets.... 1 1 5 Morecambe Ba:ro w 1 0 2 Birkenhead W.... 0 0 0 LEAGUE TABLE TO DATE. For. Agit. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Widnes 13...13.. 0... 0...23 33-145...11 3 31...26 Wigan 12...10... ?... 0 ..23 31-136...13 6 44...2) *Stockport ll. 7... 2... 2...15 17— 81... 5 1— 13...14 Btrrow 12... 7... 5... 0...22 22-110...13 8— 50...1a Birkenhead.... 11... 6... 5... 0...12 22 90...12 16— 72...12 St Helena lO. 6 4... 0...15 16— 78...10 10— 50 ..12 Millom 10.. 5... 4... 1...18 25-111.. 1114— 64...11 Lancaster 14... 5... 8... 1...21 :6 9)...13 16— 74...11 Hull K. Rovers 6... 4... 1... 1... 7 8— 33... 3 2 12... 9 Rochdale 11'aets10... 3... 6... 1... 9 8— 42... 5 14— 52... 7 Morecambe 14... 2...11... 1... 9 IS 63...22 21-107... 5 *A.ltrineham '3. 1...11... 1... 4 2 14...32 56-232 1 'llB.dcliffe 12... 1...11... 0... 4 7 29...33 55-231.... 0 *Radclifft, Aitrineham. ant Stockport hive each htd two points deducted for breach of rules.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

FL,:TCHER RUSSELL'd v BROUGHTON RA.N4ERS A."

_ These teaws met at Warrington on Satu-day. Fletcher's kicked off, but were unable .o make my he adway. The visitors rush,d miitters to the home end. Bailey scoring near the posts, Barratt kicking the gcal. Broughton still con- tinned to press, and from a neat pass by Findlow Wirldowson got over EA the corner. No goal resulted. On restarting, the home backs put In some smart Work and Foden rushed over. Brown added the extra points. Open play followed and Bailey again scored, Barratt kicking a neat goal. From a dashing run by the home men, Ashur's.; got over, but the goal kick failed. Half-time scare :—Broughton, I points ; Fletcher's. eight points. On re starting some exciting play I was witnessed at the visitors' end, blot the B-oughton for- wards gradually forced matters to centre, where Widdowson gained possession and scored a grand try at the corner. Graham converting. A few minutes later a free kick fell to the visitors and Graham placed the ball over. Broughton still assumed the aggressive and Widdowson again scored. Stimulate I by these reverses the home team livened up somewhat. earl Forst-r succeeded in getting over. No goal resulted The visitors, however, had by no means finished, arid shortly before time Findlow landed a grand goal. A little later the same player scored a try, the shot at goal falling. When the whistle sounded! the scores read : Broughton Rangers 't A," five goals six tries (23 points) ; Fletcher Rusaell's, one goal, three tries (eleven points). RUNC3RN "A " V. ROCHDALE" A," • -

This match tonk place on Saturday at Runcorn. before a few spectators. in fine weather. Roucorn commenced opera- Hone, and by good kicking kept the visitors near their own Wightrnan broke away its splendid fashion, but on being collared was hurt. He soon resumed, and was immediately consplcious by fine sprinting. While attacking Wightman intercepted a pass, and scored a fine try near the posts, the goal kick being successful. On the restart the Hornets pressed again. and a tine forward rush ended in a score, another goal being kicked. The visitors were leading at the interval by 10 pnints to nil. On the resumption the visitors immediately scored an unimproved try. tiuncOrn then attacked vigorously, and a passing movement ended in Brown scoring for the home team The same player kicked a goal. A miserable game ended in a win for Rochdale by 16 points to five.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

RUNCORN HORNETS V. WIDNES RANGERS. At Runcorn. Widnes Rangers. eight points ; Runeorn Hornets, two points.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPBTITION.-BALANCE SHEET.

Owing to the reconstruction ei this competitioa, the officials have wily been able to place the balance sheet for last season in the hands of the affiliated clubs on Wednesday. The total turnover was £313 13s 2d. the chief item of income being £545 28 10d the proceeds of the gate at the famous replayed match between Oldham and Swinton. Subscriptions realises £Bl, reiistration fees £2B 10s. whilst the test and other matches et the end of the season produced £176 16e Id, On the expenditure side, the leading items were a—Expenses Oldham and Swinson snatch. £ll9 19s 73; Swinton share of gate, £23 2s 31 ; delegates expenses. £l2 101 3d ; and medals. &c . £3O 5s 63. The balance to the credit of the competition is £l7l 5s 43.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

FT. LUICE.S V. ORFORD CRZSCEN TS.

Thiq rnatch;-a; played on the ground of the former lalt Saturday and resulted in an easy victory for them by 6 goals to 3. HALTON-RIAD V. WIDNES...S r, MART's:

This eneounLer took place 01 the Widnea gmmad. A hard and exciting game emied In a draw ol one goal each. RUNCORN MARINEB3 V. APPLETON WHICE STAR . _ . .

Appletm White sitar were vititors on the lariners ground on Saturdly. The home team was without the services of Kelly, A. fair exhibition was given, the visitors winning by four g oale to one. 121:NCORN PARISH V LATCHFoRD. . .

Played at Latchford od Saturdsy. The visitors played two reserves A well-contes'ed game ended In a win for Latch- ford by three goals to one. WEST BANK Jr/110119 V WESTON. The result of this mltch. played on the Ju" lore' ground. was In favour of the home team to the extent of one goal to nil.

TR/NMERE ROVERS V NE WiToct-LE-WILLows. Played at Prenton-park. Tranmere, on Saturday. before a large numher of spectators. liewt‘in started the ball for the Rovers a tainet a stiff breete, and In consequence the visitors held a slight advantage, bat an infringement of the cfnicle rule nullified the chances of scoring. The Newton-le—Willow forwards fat length defeated the Rovers' bacas, and the ball was piloted into the net. Before the interyal the Lancashire team smartly adiel a sepand point. lialf.time—Newtoa- le-Willows, 2 ; Rovers. nil. ADLINGTON V NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. (WIGAN CUP.) - •

At Ailington. Bartley seared for the visitors. The home team scored Lade through Ring. Half-time f—Adlingt3n ; Newton-le-Willows, 1. FIRSI :—&dlington, 5 ; Newtou 1.

ELRLE9TO V. WORKINGTON. (LANCLSIIIRP: LEAGUE.) Sarleitown on Saturday. Barlestown won the toss. and Wood startel in the presence of ablut seven hundred spec- tators. the visitors playing with the wind in their favour. The ball was immediately taken into the risitore half, and a judicious pass by Dawson gave Leach an opening, but the latter's sh..o went yards wide. A foul against Leigh requited in Wool opening the visitors' account after play had been in progress five minutes. Two minutes later Settle made the score equal from a penalty given by Brown. A piece of grand combination by th S home forwards resulted in Bartley shooting splendidly. Harwood conceit dg a corner. This was correctly placed, and Whitehouse struck the bar with a rasp- ing eff art, the ball bting cleared from the reeonnd A capital pqssing bout between Bartley and Bari -pv culmin- ated in Bartley getting In a magnificent grounder which I Pratt saved, but failed to get away. Barlow and Leach I rushed the leather Into the net, Barlestown thus gaining the lead after twenty minutes play. The game afterwards quietened down considerably, the only item or note being a centre from Bartley, which left both Leach and /Settle with a glorious opening, of which both players failed to take advan- tage Leach completely mi.slng the leather and Settle plan- : irag it behind. Dawson shot past Pratt, tint in its flight the ball touched Barlow. who was standing offside, and the point I was therefore nuilifie.d. A correc'; pass by Dawson left I Bartley with a nice opening, but the wing man shot with I terrific force the wrang side of the upright. Barlow scored liarlestown's third goal two minutes from the interval. Half-t 1 me—Garlestown 3, Workington 1. Final, Earlestown , 3 Workington 1.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE

Position of club 3 up to D.:Teaaber 7tb, 1901. Goals _ _ _

Plave3 Won Last Dsvn For Apt, Pte. Beassev All Sain's 111... 8 ... 1 ... 2 33 ... 9 ...18 Warrington Trinity .Burtonwood l2 . 7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 22 ...13 St. Matins ....... l2 ... 6 ... 3 ... 3 ... 19 ...15 ...15 Latchford Britannia 10 .. 5 ... 3 ... 2 ... 16 ...11 Latchfctrd Stockton Heath l2 . 5 ... 6 ... 1 23 —2l. ...11 Earlestown Amateurs 11 ... 4 ... 4 ... 3 ... 21 ...19 ...11 Frodshana Parish Church 13 ... 4 7 ... 2 ... 22 —32 —l3 Runcorn Parish Church l2 ... 3 ... 7 ... 2 ... 13 ...23 ... 8 St. Diary's 9., 2 4 3 ... 16 ...11 ... 7 03ankey Albions 6... 4... 1... 1... 14 —ll ... Daresbury 10 . 3 6 1 18 Riohmonds A.F.O Guardian A.F.C. *Two points deducted for breach of rules.

SKATING ACCIDENT IN CANADA,—A skating party from Government House broke through the ice on the Ottawa river. Miss Blair, the daughter of the Minister of Railways, and Mr Albert Harper, Assistant Deputy Minister of Labour, who went to the rescue, were both drowned.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
B;RD SHOW AT WARRINGTON.

A Successful Event.

A succsesful show wag held in Holy Trinity schools on Saturday under the auspices of the Warrington Fanciers, Association. The show was the sixth annual event of its kind which has taken place in connection with this Association and the exhibits consisted of canaries, mules, British arid for2ign bins and pigeons. The show was in every way a SUCC.S9, and was considered to be the best ever seen in Warrington. Mr A Hirst, of Accrington, was the judge of the cage birds, and his awards gave every satisfaction. The pireens were in the hands of Mr Aehcroft, of Moseley, wh o displayed capable judgment. The entries in the cage bird classes showed a Isrge increase over last year, there bin v 331 as against 219 previously. In the open classes Messrs R Barker and El Cawley showed birds of exceptional merit the former winning no fewer than five special pezes including the handsome set of carvers given by Messrs Lsver Bros, l'irt Sunlight, and also the Presi- dent's prin. The entrim in the pigeon classes showed a Wight detrease.but what was lacking numerically was amply made up for in quality, Some excellent birds from Messrs Burrows, Gould, Leigh and Bloor being on view. Mr Gould, Lymm, carried off the President's prizs. The executive worked indefatigably' to ensure the SUCCESS of the exhibition, ant, praise should be accorded to the President, Mr W W Leigh, Messrs God- win and Boyle, sec,etaries, and Mr J D Leigh, treasurer for their efforts The show was visited by a large num- ber of pecple dzring the day. THE AWARDS. - - -

The following is a list of the rt;;;;;.: PIGEONS (OPI CLAAREB).—Working home. (cock) bred 1971, that has flown 100 miles or over : 1. B Burrows, War— rington ; 2, W Gallon ;3, W Gould. Working homer (hen) bred 19)1. that has flown 107 miles or over : 1 and 2. R Burrows, Warrington ; 3, 0 Lhht. Red or chequered cock, likeliest for flying purposes : 1, W Gould ; 2, 0 Westcott ; 3, J Forster. Red or chequered hen, likeliest for firing pur- poses : 1 0 Lait ; ?, W Wright, Southport : 3. C We9te"tt: Southport.Black or black chequered cock,likeliest for flying purposes : 1, W Gould ;?, B Burrows. Warrington ; 3.19 Slack, Southport. Black Of black chequered hen, likeliest for flying purposes : I, T Piggott, Lymm ; 2, F Bloat, Warrington 3, D Shakeshatt, Lyre m. Any other variety working homer: 1. G Lewis, Lymm ; 2, Burrows, Warrington ; 3. Athcroft Dorrycott, Barlestown • Working homer that has flown 250 miles or over : 1 F Bloor, Warrington ; 2. C Weston% Southport ; 3, J and H Hughes. Liverpool. Any variety fancy pigeon : 1, J Apple— ton, Rarlestown ; 2, P Lowery, Bolton ; 3, 0 Harper, Urnaston.

_ CAGEBIRDS (OPER CLASSEl).—Yorkablre yellow clek, clear ticked or variegated : 1, W Bray. Earlestown ; 2, G 13. Rath- bone : 3, H Abbott, Whines. Yorkshire buff cock. clear ticked or variegated : 1 and 3, H Cawley, Runcorn ; 2, W A Silcock, Liverpool. Yorkshire hen, yellow or buff, clear ticked or varirgatei : 1, H Cawley. Runcorn ; 2, W A Si'cock, Liverpool ; 3, W B Kearns. Accrington. Norwich yellow back, clear ticked or varie- gated : 1, R Parker, Liverpool ; 2, H Cawley, Runcorn ; 3. J F Fletcher, St Helens. Norwich buff cock, clear ticket or variegated : 1. 11 Abbott, Widnes ; 2, H Cawley, Runcorn ; 3. It Barker. Penitent. Norwich hen. c'ear ticked or varie- gated : 1, James Lewia. Wigan ; 2 and 3 R Barker, Penketh; Norwich unflighted, clear tickel or variegated : 1 and 3. R Barker. Penketh ; 2. 11 Abbott. Widnes Norwich crest: bred : 1 and 2, T Fenny, Whines; 3. W Knowles. Any other variety, canary or mule : I. R Johnson, E trlestOwn ; 2. I Harnpson, Penketh ; 3. 5 Andrews, Widnes. Selling elass, 10s 63 including Cage: 1, S Booth, Penketh ; 2, W Knowles ; 3, J T Dean. Accrington. Gift class 1, J D Leigh, Warrington ; 2, 5 R Godwin, Penketh ; 3, R Barker. Penketh.

MEMBE'rEe CLlSSES.—Yorkshire yellow clear ticked or variegated 1 and 2, W Bray ;3, I Hampsou. Yorkshire huff, clear ticked or variegated I and 2, W Bray 3, 1 Hampson. Yorkshire hen, clear ticked or variegated : 1. W Bray ; 2, 3 Lowe : 3, I Harranson. Norwich yellow. clear ticked or variegated • land 3, It Barker: 2, Elt Godwin. Norwich Buff, clear ticked or variegated : 1. 2 and 3. R Barker. Norwich Hens, clear ticked or variegated 1, 2 and 3 R Barker Norwich. crest: 1 and 2 3D Leigh ; 3. 3 Appleton. Green canary, any variety: 1, S Booth ; 2 and 3, I Harripson. Any other variety canary not previously mentioned : 1. 2 and 3, I Harm:non. Gold- finch or linnet mule : 1. 3D Leigh ; 2. I Hampson ; 3, B R Godwin. Any other variety mule or hybrid: 1 and 2. J D Leigh ; 3 I liampson. British goldfinch or bullfinch : 1. J. D Leigh ; 2, E B Godwin; 3. S Booth. British brown linnet: I, S Booth, 2, James Davies ; 3, I Harno9on. British hard-billed, not larger than haw- finch : 1. I Hampson ; 2, S Booth ; 3, S Booth. Siskin redpoll or twite : 1, J Lowe ; 2, E 12 Godwin ; 3. J B Leigh. British soft-billed, not larger than thrush : 1, 2 and 3, F C Sharp. Foreign, any variety,single or in pairs : land 2. I Hampson ;3. S Booth. Selling class, bird and cage, 121 6d : 1 and 2, W Bray ; 3, II Barker. Selling class, pairs. CONE and hen, 21; 1, R Barker ; 2, I Hampson ; 3, J D Leigh. NOVICE CLASSES —Yorkshire yellow cock, clear ticked or variegated : 1, E Houghton ; 2 and 3, Thomas Mather. Yorkshire buff cock, clear ticked or vane- gated: 1 and 3.• H Tyrer ; 2. 11 C Bengham. Yorkshire hens, clew or variegated : 1, 11 Houghton ; 2 H C Beng- ham ; 3, F Burrows, Yorkshire COCk or hen natural colour, ticked or variegated : 1. li Tyrer ; 2. J Sherwood ; 3. H Cook. Norwich yellow cook, clear ticked or variegated : 1, 2 and 3, James Davies. Norwich buff cock, clear ticked or variegated : 1, F Burrows ; 2, T U Harrison. Norwich hens, clear ticked or variegated : I.l' Burrows ; 2, H Tyrer. 3, Davies. Norwich crest, 1 find 3, T U Harrison ;2. IR Tryer, Norwich crest-bred : 1, J Appleton ; 2, and 3, H Trver. Any other variety not previously mentioned : 1. 3 Appleton ; 2, T Mather Mule, any variety, I. E Houghton; 2 and 3, W Buckley. British goldfinch :1, 13 Houghton ; 2 F Borrows. British. any other variety : 1.3 Isherwood; 2 W Bgekley ;3. R Coo:. Hyde's special E Houghton. AI F Caper's prize, bird specialist, Bristol : 3 D Leigh.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION.

THE MOST SUCCESSFUL REMEDY IN ENGLAND IS

VEND'. SEAWEED TONIC.

IT IS VASTLY SUPERIOR TO PILLS OF ANY KIND. It is now conceded that the proper way to titre medicine is in liquid form, because it cannot beconte properly assimilated or carried to the diseased parts in any other way. The foolish and indiscriminate use of pills especially in cases of constipation, are fraught with many evil results. They only purge the bowels they happen to dissolva in,an I their drastic and irritat- ing action gradually weakens the bowels to such an ex- tent that perastalsis is partially destroyed,and in a very short time the:patient finds he is more constipated than ever. Pills in any form have always an irritating effect, not only upon the bowels but upon the stomach, where a liquid medicine ;such as VENO'3 SEAWEED TONIC always pro hones the very bsst results. It is a medicine that can be given to caildren or the weakest person. The fact that it is used in hospitals and by doctors themselves is strong evidence in its favour. Is is pre- pared to act specifically upon the stomach, liver, kid- ceps, and blood, thus curing all ailments arising from a diseased condition of these oceans. It ia the natora cure for constipation. Try it at once and Fes for yourself. I: clears the system of all impurities, steadies the action of the heart strengthens the nerves. dispels wind from the stomach. arouses a sluggish liver, invigoratqs the entire system and strengthens the hack and kidneys. It is a god- send to weak and suff ulog people and to ladies suffer- ing from female weakness. Pr.ce 13. lid. and 21. 9d, per bottle. CAU noN.—See that this name " Veno " is blown in each bottle, as un-principled dealera may try to sell you a mixture of their own. Sold by Boots, Ltd, Warring- ton ; Pealte,Earlestown and Newton ; Weston and Co., Runcorn ; Wallbri dge,chemist,3 W Jackson,chemist and druggist, St Helens; and all •chemists and medicine vendors every where.

WARRINGTON. Children's Concert in Parr Hall.

The annual concert in connection witn Silver- street Wesleyan day school was held in Parr Hall on Tuesday evenirg, and was attended with com- plete success. The children composing the chorus, who were effectively grouped on the platform. opened the concert by singing "Float, is sounds" (J Beschnitt), and later they sang " The wanton winds play "(F Abt) in a very creditable manner. The infants sang a very pretty action song, " The merry little drillers " (with musical bell drill,) and were warmly applauded. Miss S Silcock suc- cessfully sang " Soldiers in the Park." from "The runaway Girl," and "The toy Monkey," from "The Geisha," A rainbow action song by the junior girls was a very acceptable item, while a floral dance and song proved even more attractive, and an intricate and pretty scheme was very ably carried through. Mr Tom Gunson won high en- comiums by his rendering of "Mary of Argyle," and in response to an enthusiastic encore gave "Killarney." The song of the river" (HA Donald) was very charmingly sung by one of the children, Miss J Webster, and the applause which followed was very cordial. During an interval the distribu- tion of prizes took place. Mr RE Garnett, who piesided, delivered a brief address. After alluding to the attention the Wesleyan Church paid to the important question of education, he said the ques- tion would probably in the near future be one of the most vital questions to come before the coun- try. The speaker phid a tribute to the good work done at Silver-street schools and congratulated Mr Upson, the head master on the results attained. Mr Garnett promised to defray the cost of the hire of Parr Hall, which is about £6 Mrs Garnett distributed prizes to about 150 chil- dren. The entertainment was resumed. Mr Tom I Gunson sang "In Old Madrid." The senior girls gave a song, dance and tableaux,"Hindoo Maidens," the chorus "Ten little Chinamen " (C. T. West), and the senior scholars an action piece. " The song of the Union Jack," and the senior boys a song, Idialogue, and dance, "A night in a Dormitory." Toe concert reflected considerable credit upon Mr. John Upson kthe head master) and his competent staff of assistants. The acsompanists were Miss Lewis, Miss B Lewis, and Miss Woolacott. Mr Ernest Wright accompanied for Mr Tom Gunson.— We have been requested to state that the Mayor was asked to take the chair, but that an important engagement in Herefordshire prevented him doing so. He,boever, sent two guineas towards the school funds.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW SUPPER -;.EVERAISE

A 9d. Tin of which goes as far as a 116 Tin of ordinary Cocoas.

Solves the "Digestion Difficulty."

WHAT WAS REQUIRED WAS

A LIGHT, NOURISHING, YET SATISFYING FOOD, AND THAT IS JUST WHAT IS PROVIDED IN

The Greatest

of all cocoas.

which is easily digested

and is the

Daintiest of all Natural Foods,

As a promoter of

NATURAL REST and

NATURAL RECUPERATION

it stands unrivalled.

There are no special agents for this cocoa.

It can be obtained from every grocer.

A FREE SAMPLE WILL BE SENT ON APPLICATION TO THE MAZAWATTEE TEA CO., LTD., TOWER HILL, LONDON, E.C.

2..t,5r,r,,},;;;T,',-::,..;P';''''Ag.-'::,;:•,.:".;.^...-4fl;..9l''''''';','.7. '''..7/...':•:r.....•:::'-`f.-•'ll•=.'"'' .1 ' -•sc.::' •., • .. - - ~. • . -

• . • • * ••, • 445; ' • * • t• • .4` r 4 „ • 1,4 , • ' f • •

===== 0002601_19011213_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO EX-SERGEANT DEVLIN.

There was an interesting ceremony in the Board Schad's, Great Sankey. on Tuesday evening, when a presentation of a purse of gold was made to ex-Sergeant Devlin, who has recently retired from the LAnctsbire County Cons:abulary atter a long term of useful sec- vice.

On the motion of Mr Halton, seconded by the Rev J R Jones, Mr George Thompson was voted to the chair, and also asked to make the presentation. Mr Thompson said be felt it a compliment to have been selected to make the presentation became he had taken considerable interest in getting up the testi- monial. lie knew the ex-sergeant very well and had always found him up to his work. The purse, which had the name of toe ex-Sergeant inscribed upon it, con tamed £8 101.

The Sergeant was then called into the room, after which the Chairman called upon the Rev J R Jones as the Vicar of the parish, and who, he said, they expected to lead them in matters of this sort. The Rev J R Jones remarked that tie was glad to be present to show his appreciation of the public services which Mr Devlin had rendered to the community, net so muce as Sergeant Devlin, but as a functionary of the law, without which order would soon be lost. They who went to bed comfortably and qaietly at night, failed to appreciate as they ought the fact tbat they could not enjoy their comfortable snores and, get up to breakfast the next morning and not find their houses broken into uel .se someone had been watching all night and it was to ex-Sergeant Devlin and his contreres that they were indebted tor such peaceful nights. Ile was sorry they had not more money to present to him, but he must remember that the value of the money was not the full expression of the feeling of the neiehbourtood towards him. (Hear, bear.) Mr Halton also voiced the feeling of the inhabitants with regard to the esteem in which the sergeant was held for his serve es to the district during the time be had been stationed in it. He (Mr Haltoo) had always I found him anxious te do his duty and to further the interests of those who employed him. Hie duties must have been very difficult, in a district of this description as it was so wide and se itteree, and now that the population of the district was increasing he thought an additional police-officer should be provided to cepa with the growing difficulties. There had been many robberies in Warrington and the district of late, and as they had heard of similar robberies at Prescot and Liverpool it was clear that the thief or thieves were travelling in their district. They bad the assurance of the Superintendent that the police arrangements of the districts were to be remodelled and they must await results. In conclusion Mr Halton expressed the hope that Mr Devlin would live long and not forget the time he bail spent in Sankey. Mr J Fulton Smith said he endorsed all that bad just been said by the Vicar and Mr Halton. They certainly owed a great deal to the police service in Sankey. They were peculiarly situated in this parish as it was a high- way between two very important towns, and they were visited by that portion of the population whose absence they preferred to their presence and who were a source of annoyance now and agate. But in this neighbour- hood they bad been wonderfully exempt from any trouble in that direction, and he put mat down to DI activity of the police. (Hear, hear.) The Clerk said that as an offieial in the district 60 would like to state that he had received the greatest assistance from Mr Devlin. ' Tbe Chairman in making the presentation remarked that notwithstanding the hard weather he had had to brave, he was glad to find the sergeant lookieg so well. They all hoped that tie and his family would be long spared and have every happiness. Their oely regret was that the response to their appeal bad not been taken up throughout the district as it ought to have been, the chief portion of the money having come from Sankey and Buttonwood. There had been one subscriber from Penketh and two from Cuerdley. Mr Thompson then handed the puree to Mr Devlin. , Mr Devlin acknowledged the gift in suitable terms and remarked that he bad always found the people of the district loyal, and he Lai had no difficulty in discharg- ing his duties. The people bad given him every assistance when a crime had been committed Usually, the crimes committed in the district were by strangers and he bad always received the greatest ' assistance from the inhabitants. He wished to acknow- ledge the assistance he had always received from Mr Smith in the compilation of statistics and reports relat• ing to the district. This terminated the proceedings.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Bazaar at Latchford. On Saturday afternoon the bazaar, in aid Christ Church enlargement scheme was re-opene in the Parish Room, Latchford, by Mrs John CO of Brookfield, Lynam In opening the proceedinB the Vicar (Rev F A Screeton) explained object of the bazaar. In the course of brief speech Mrs Coxon remarked that object of the bazaar had been so admirsn' explained by the Vicar that there was not mac left for her to say. Still there was one point wbie must strike them all, at least those who had beB . in the habit.of attending the church. The servinv and teaching there had never failed to help sv, encourage them and, therefore, they felt that &be' rested with them the heavier resporkibility, tbl others who would gladly Lhare them, should 130' for want of space, be denied those privileges, wblC they themselves highly prized. The sale 14, always been noted not only for the excellence • the work, but also for the considerable sums rell' ized thereby,which had helped forward many g°° objects, ana to which many institutions in parish could bear ample testimony. That yea,f bazaar was for an infinitely higher object, will'', spoke for itself, the enlargement of the chute,' They had already heard tout the previous day's ef, realized the substantial sum of £ll9. Tbey were: very ambitious, and hoped that day to do eerie."' well. It only remainea for her to say what pled sure it gave her to be amongst so many frien that day, and, in declaring the bazaar open,to it a conspicuous success. (Applause). Mrs Col-r, was thanked for her services, on the motion of John Fairclougb,and the sale of work was restful' Over £2OO were realized altogether. Historic Society of Lancashire and Che Shir! Mr J G Prentice presided at the ninth seseion' meeting of this society. Mr Hargreaves Pall round for inspection some rare and ancient des. and charters, and Mr T May of Warrington, eb" bibited some objects of interest lately found at Roman camp at Wilderspool. Toe paper of evening on' The distribution of surnames in Dv' cashire in the sixteenth and seventeenth centurfl was prepared by Lieutenant-Colonel Fishwice F.S.A., who commenced by giving a tabulated stoB meut from the various parish records of surne peculiar to certain districts, and the way they came general in the reign of Henry VIII, 8„ Riving an analysis of the various names. A and interesting discussion took place in Whisi Messrs Pilkington, Robinson, Peet, May and 0, ry, Rreeves took part.—A vote of thanks, propose° ." Colonel Pilkington and seconded by Mr A M Rolni/ on, was heartily accorded. 01 Crewe Borough Accountant —A warringt Candidate Appointed to the Position' Mr W Boyle, the chief clerk in the iVarriate Borough Treastver's cffice, is to be congratuls',,,, upon having obtained the important appoint 55 of Borough Accountant at Crewe. His succeBft, all the more creditable,inasmuch as there werefi',6 seven candidates for the post. Of this number tb following live were invited to appear before Ac Finance:Committee of the Town Council on Mon"ns slr D Jones, Carnsrvon •, Mr S Lord, Southete on-Sea; Mr C F Spencer, Bradford; Mr J TFtiCs New Brighton, and formerly of Crewe, and N'reE Boyle, Warrington. After interviewing tbe,his pective applicants, and carefully Considering "00 testimonials, the committee decided to recorno the Council to appoint Mr Boyle. The st'l attaching to the office is £2OO per annum., Boyle has been engaged in the Borough Tressfri department for nine years. Ile commeaceu„ Junior clerk and gradually worked his NonY nis present appointment by force of merit's sa Boyle has been in charge of the distribution oi0 e _ be local War Relief Fund, and it has always , pleasute to him to give his services gratua.tvc for any local philanthropic object. War people will wish him every success sphere of work.

• *I

CADBURY'S COC 3./ is bigt3l7 nom-lathing anct digested, repairing waste and preserving bealtb. fro absolutely pure and untanspered with, being enttrell is from drugs, alkalies, or any admixture. CADBURY'S perfect food, suitable for all ages and all seasons of 1110 9(13

adonl 14,535 ktur an 111585 Birmin '5.25, tilonda3 tirmin 155,11 5 Blackb "urldays ~Blackp IT, 8 5C

wurday , Bolton 17, 9 2C 3595; Cheste 3 19, 4 , Collin! 3,7 8, , Crewe 20,7 20,

, Locar 49 12 tluncistv n ilan( 19, 17, 8 7 67 Blanc B 0 9

30 4 SatUrc They ,Batu yha

*ld: 20, c WI • Z 59 gi 4 3& (

&etc s Atte tierly Btrr cg, 131r1 t 45,7 131 a

Zls—, 55,c at 9 . SIO

a az, Ca Col 10, 17:e. Cr,

Fr Bun

116 Ii 4 gar 3t, 11 t 4 c 7 3( y

12 c'

===== 0002601_19011213_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW SUPPER BEVERAGE

MAZAWATTE7

LATARIBA

COCOA

, ' t • 4..„

4t, vri

===== 0002601_19011213_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
'AMWAY TIME TABLE

DECEMBER.

FROM WARRING-TOD

oton Bridge-710, 7 40,' 8 23, 1023, 12 5, 15, 55 5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. lasar and Hillhouse -7 15 8 35, all 2.1 25, a 3 30. a 40, 6 15, ▪ 1585 a 9 25.;Sundays 931.2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. , Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 53 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 25, 5 20, 7 20. 1134. Sundays 2 58, 10 15, 4 5.11 35 "iondays excepted. bliondays only , Birmingham (341d1and)-5 51, 70,9 58,11 55,12 55,3 7,5 22 53,11 52. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 4 20,5 15 P.m „Blackburn -5 45, 835, 956, 11 42. SL 15, 4 50,6 26,8 50. '4,lclaya 843, a 3 35,6 o.a via Preston b 2 10 on Saturdays r Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42. al 15, 3 50, 4 bO.B 28, 17• 850 942. Sundays 843. 3356 0. asleaves at 210 on

l!loltan- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 1 15, 332. 4 26, 6 43 17. 9 20, Sundays 343 a.m.,5 15, 757 p.m. I Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays 25,954. a leaves 210 on Saturdays Cheste:Z-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 1131,12 33 1 40,2 15, 2.23 319, 422,5 7,6 4,7 44,10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 1.1 35, ,emls Green-7 5. 85. 8 35, 10 10,12 7 2 35,3 40, 5 15, 123,7 8, 740, 925, 1030. Sundays 843,60. Crewe-a2 53,93 23, 7 10, 8 23. 9 45,10 23, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 :20,7 20, 1134. Sundays 2 58, 10 154 5,11 35. caloadays 4cePteil. bllonclays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12. 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 7 44, 10 14 4nndays 844, lion. 745 p.m. Derby (Midlancl)-5.51,7 0 3 46,9 58,11 55.12 55, 37. 417 22,6 5,5,11 52. Sundays all 15 am,a 420 ,515 p.m as spot '4lofl required Fiarlestoa n-5 45, 75, 8 5,8 253 35, 9 25, 10 13,1055, 11 55 Li 27. 115,2 35,3 403 50, 5 15, .4. 33," Q. 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 11vkilays,7 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 106 0,7 57,9 04 pin Fiddler's Ferry Penketh-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53.1 55 20 515,6 17, 7 41, 9 48. Sundays 95, 2 40. 0. B'rodsham-7 37, 95 10 23. 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 4 22, 57, 6 4 44 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 13. m. Qarston (Cbeshire Line3)-7 15, 757. 831.9 5. 10 5 12 0 15. 2 10, 4 0 529 75. 851. 995. 510 25.11 39 Sunday 9 55, 1122. 2 39. 7)0. 9 13. 10 18. daaturdays only Uturidays excepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 57,11 42,11 55, alls 450 9 55. S andays 957 11aaves 2 10 on Saturday. Golborne-5 45, 7 5.8 55, 1055, 1155. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 14 55. Sunda s 8 43. 6C. , /tough Green-7 12, 757, 8 xi.. 95. a 9 30, 105. 12 0, 15 10,4 u,5 296 15,75, 715,8 0,9 25,b 9 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 0, *31,11 22,2 39, 918. aSaturdave onlybSaturclAys excepted Islam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82. 7 10, 915 'tltdays 8 45, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 90, • 10 49, 12 36, I. 14. a. 2 t 23, 3 38. 4 11,5 18,6 13. 78, a 7 45, Sundays 8 50, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. Yr N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I,a 5 255. 75, 85, 823 25,10 55, 127, 2,35 3.40 5 15, 633, 7 8,7 40, 9 25,10 30. 4.otiday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35. 8 43, 3 23, 5 10, 60. 9 54. From 1111 Level Platform. anondays excepted. iatondays only , Liverpool (From Low Level Platform) -7 30, 825, 10 a 53, 1 55. 3 20,5 15, 6 17,7 41, 9 43. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 1026. 120, 3. 210, 3 18, 40. 5 55, 85, 911, • 1033111 20 11 39. Laundays4 30, 5 30,9 3, 9 55,11 22,2 40.2 39, 7 10, 8 23, 9 18 LCli. 18, 10 20. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to verpool at 50 minutes past the hour. L,Loneton (1,. it N. W. 4-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 823. 9 45,10 20, ,L 57 15,2 0. 5 20, 11 34. r. unclays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, AarMays excepted. a3dondays only. (ltidland)-5 51,8 46, 9 53. 11 37,12 55, 3 140, 5 22, • 11l 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays 'l7. bMondays accepted. Lyn= (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22,8 0.8 35, 9 0,9 55 '48,12 36, 1 14, a 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45, 9 27 iindhys 8 50, 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. di N.-W.) 545. 7 5, 35, 8 25. 8 35. 19, 925,10 4,;,10 55,12 18.2 29,2 35, 332. 426.5 32. 61 3 ;t7. 8 8,9 20. 10 33. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 44, 843 5 15, 60, 07 Prom High Level Platform. kanchestor (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22.7 57, 832 40. 953. 1049. 1 14, 3 33. 411. 813, 78, 927, 11 40, 4liida-;s 853. 3 3. 8 12,11 42 ,Atanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755. 8 2,3 55, 93,9 55 tu.,55 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 1 55,2 55, 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 6 55, • 4,7 55, 813, 8 5 5,9 15, 9 55, alo 2, all 15, 511 49, all 59 !,;'aclays si 45. 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 9 35 0. a Saturdays only, bSaturdays excepted.i 441ddlewich-7 40, 10 20, 2 55, 5 35,7 N. No Sunday trains koore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,255.5 35, 720. Sundays 1) 15

irßevrton.le-Willows- 53 10. 5 45.7 5,8 5, g 35.a9 19, 10 20 4,40, 10 55 11 53, 12 7,12 18,1 n. 2 59. 3 32. 3 50, 4 26, 4 15, 44,0, 6 43,1 17 9 23. 9 55,10 30. Sundays 3 10, 7 40, 8 43 a ria 05. 5 30, 0 0.7 57 9 54a via Kenyon bAondays excepted Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 10 35,11. 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 23,7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45. 10 14, ? 44, 5 15. 9 35 ; Preston-5 20, 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, 11 42, 11 53, 5115, 350 626 7 17, 850. 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 80, bleavea at 210 cal Saturdays. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 155, 320. 515, 6 11, 7 41, ~Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 756.95, 10 5, 11 5. 12 0 1 5 D 40,2 58, 4 0.5 29,6 15. 7 5. 85, 9 23, a 9 4091.0 25, Sundays 11 22, 2 39, 8 95, 9 13 aSaturdays excepted bdaturdays S. cllonclays only. (C.L.C.) iiheilield (Idid.and) via Chinley and Dore Line-3 46 10 55 al 55,3 13,4 17. 6 55. Sundays 9 37 a m 5 15,a Tuesdays tld Thursdays only. lit Helens- 7 5, 95, 8 23. 11. .0, 10 55, all 53, 12 7 ~.5, 2 35 3 40, 6 15, 6 33, 7 8,7 40. 9 25, 10 33 Sundays 843 a 9 5. 2 40, 6 0,9 54 a via Widnes 60.,_uthpert (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 4 31. 11 2. 125 14 au, 48, 5:3 6 15,7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, a "aturday only. ,Thelwall-6 15,7 22,8 0,8 30.9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 23, ; 23, 411, 618, 613.7 8.a7 45,927. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. aaturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 95 105, 115. 1.20, 15, 53, 40, 5 29, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 925, a 9 40, 610 25. dun- '4Ya 90,9 3' 239 °lB 15aSaturday excepted, bSaturdays two-

"44y Widnes (L. and N.-W-) —7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9. 11 53, 1 55, 20, 5 15,6 17, 7 45, 9 48. Sundays, 95, 2 40, 80. z ,Wlgan 520. 545, 7 5, 8 35, 9 Sd, 1.0 56,11 50, 1 15. al 10 3 60,4 50, 5 20..6 25.7 17,3 50.9 40,9 ft', *ltilsys,B 43, 60. 9 64. saturdays only

T 0 FirIS.ITIIINGTON 1T8.051. I‘osoll Ilrid,re-6 30, 7 40, 8 t 2, 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20 "33 Sundays? 55,'a m 4 42 p m. 41tear and Hillhouse-11 24, 12 41, 2 12. 42, 4 13, 5 53, ts, 8 24, alo 17, Sundays 920, 2 21.8 22. aSaturdays se'ltted erraingham (L. Sc N. NV.)-3 10,5 50 720 1 11, 12 25. 2 a 1 40 5 50,7 25. Sundays 3 10, 124 D, 7 0. aThursdays only litirtnin4ham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42. 850 11 43. 2 23, '15.7 15,10 34 11 25, Sunday 415, am 4 0. 1525 P.m. /3• 10elchuna-8 30.10 46. 12-30.1 55, 34?, 753 c(.9 3, alo 15, S 0,a2 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston z , lackpool (Talbot Road) —B5, 845. 9 55, 10 40, 11 401 40 15. 5 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 2, 1 35 5 12, 7 37. „ Blackpool (Central)—? 25, 8 25.8 57.10 0.10,21.11 25, 15, 55,4 153 6 50, a 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 15,4 57,8 25. a leave /4. 9011 bxturdays s Bolton--5 65, 6 40? 55, 835, 9 10, 10 25.12 10.', 25,4 15 10.5 55, 3 35,a 10 50. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65. 915 p.m a qaturdays only. „ Carlisle—al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45. 12 53, 140, 4 22, 5 55, 4 42,Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 20, 8 41,a1Mon i Iva excepted. , Chester-7 25.8 40. 9 40. 10 12, 10 40,11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 3 a 50,5 10,5 15, 6 35,7 35,810,8 50,Sunclays 2 32,4 30.6 30,6 55 „ Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42. 10 21, 11 23, 1. 38, 4 10, 35.4. 1. 5 38. 623, 6 35,7 47, 9 6.10 46. Sunday 8 I.oa.rn. 1 15.p.m. Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 27, 11 16,11 77, 2 25, 3' 5 415 646 6 40, 85, 90. Sund„sys 4 55, 7 10, 245 4 10, 920 Dares'ourT—S 16. 1017. 11 18.2, 2 52, ,5 33, 8 43. Sundays 21, am. 7 45 P.m. Derby-". 8 12. 935, 10 7,1 12, 3 32,4 0,4 47, 7 5 23 7,9 35, Eundays 125, 7 30, 6 22. 655. alixeept Mondays. 53, 7 13, 8 46, 9 15, 945. 10 26, 1. Eittlestown-5 12 44 1. 42. 4 314, 5 15, 5 52, 630 7 33, 8 8 9 20110 36 12 o.Sunclax' 33.9 52,9 57.10 0,3 45.7 21a Saturday odly. 4s , Fiddler's I:?erry Benketh-7 12, 95. 945, 12 3, 29. 321 1, 6 2,6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 22,2 57. 82. Frodsharn-7 55 91,101, 11 1, 231, 4 11, 5 35, 6 57, 831 Bnudays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 P.m laarston (Cheshir ines)-7 28. 7 54, 90, 9 50,10 43 12 0 12 50 2 11, 32. 4 49, 56. 555. 6 1 , 124 9 1 Sundays 0. 9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 40, 6 51. 3 54. tllasgcos-10 0.2 0.2 1., 5 55.9 5,10 45 Sundays 550. 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 438 30 712 4 T• .tolborn 6 44, 8 23. 9:10 42 Sundays 9 40. 75. a Haugh Green-7 45, 8 10. 99, 103. 1055. 1.9 180 220 a 16, 21,6 7,7 11,7 33, 0 15. Sundays 323,9 23, 323 4 54, la 4 910. edam and. Cadishead (Central)—? 359 53,4 59,:8 50, 11 27 andays 10 59. 6 53. 8 50. 500.' Latchford - 14,8 4G9 29,502 1.1., 16, 127. al 45. 211 55,422 55 41. 67, 6 49,7 31,1 4Z 27. Sundays 823 13,7 23, Aatarclays only. leSatardays excepted. , Liverpool (via Barlestowns—a2 55. 60.1 57. 30, 8 35.9 25 41 0,50.1 5. 1 30, 30, 450, 5 35. 7 5,8 25, 11. 1.5. Sunday i 30,9 20, 630. a Mondays only. 53a1ar54v5 only, Via Widnes a,. & N.w.)--8 25, 8 20, 9 5, 9 57, 12 25, 1 25 285,3 35 4 20, 5 20,6 5,8 37, alo 45, Sundays 735, 2 1 0 7 15 1045. aSaturdays only Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20. 7 10, 7 40,8 20 8 3), 847 32 9 35 10 30, 11 15,11 20,1.1 "rO. 11 53 12 80. 1 G. 1 30 1 33 930, 2403 50 30, 455 5 30,5 36, 6 35.730. 8 30. 840 30,11 30 Sunnys 7 50, 90,230.260 420 6 30, 830 7' 8 Tondou CE. N W)-5 15 7 10. 10 25 12 15, 2 15'45'1953, 55 ?. 0 12 0 Sundays 101), 5 30, 12 0, 4,0116,011(311315ric13-5 15, 90, 1.0 5.12 31 n 4 0, 5 0, 645 'l5 12 15. SnncaYs 3 15. 12 0, aexcept Monday Lyrnro-8 7, • 32, 9 14, 9 54. 11 8, ill. a 537. 25. 254 14,65 33,5 19, 6 41. 7 26, 9 33,11 19. Sunda s 8 15,2 25 715 aiaturdays only sSaturdays excepted. a Manchester (L & N.M.)-7 45, 35. 8 30, 9 5 9 40 10 45 10,1 5, 5 35, 2 40. 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 75, 8 0, 9 20, 10 40 ,°daysB 0, 8 30, :9 0. 60. 5040 r,'"nehester iLondon.load)-7 25,750,9 25.10 35, 11 351 sa 13;4 i 3 40. 555. 52°. 65, 6 50, 1155, 10 45 Sundays 7 3 1 40, 100 bgaturday s excepted. aSaturdays only. • anchester (Cheshire Line)- 45, 720, 8 30, a 9 5' 933 • 1030, 10 35. 11 30.12 30, 12 50 1.3). 2 30, 330. 430. '5 30 630, 633. 730 31. 3 35,10 0, 11 0. Sunday ‘,O 9 ~930.10x0.1 2 0 5 " ' •"‘iddlewich.-9 48 .2.39 • .11°9re-6 5c.96. 119,12 148,3 47,5 0.7 33.c,in (.1.8119, 453 7,ewton-6 55.7 ?.5.8 42. 9 8.9 29 10 9,10 22.1.1 8, 12 40 1 .58, a:f? v. 448 5 10,' 535 549. 627.'7 :43. 8 9 15' 955 114, 47 otly ,Sundays 8 3), 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20 11 52 «Saturdays 2 ;13,0",ke,,Z-7 58, 28•9 37. 10 20. 11 24. 12 36, 141 ", a 35. 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 726, 8 60 32. Sundays, 837 57' 923 03-8 25. 1 15,1 55. 6 55. a 3 55. Sundays, 810 610 N• crclayi only. 2 So' 20 Ii 55, 80. 3 23, 9 0,1.1 11. 11 11,1 25 1. 45, 35.g..' 30, 5 25,6 10, 655. 725. 850 103?, Sunday 75). Es ;1-hnort-8 5. 10 12.11 5,12 25, 1 55, 2 50, 3 55, 5 33 7 0 s„,.„l,ivn. 9 0, 2 0. 8 0. ,s pu•all 8 10. 8 34. 9 13, 9 58, 1111. 1 15. al 41. 20, 229: " 92, 5337. 6 5, 6 45, 7 31, 9 37, 11 23 Sundays, 8 19, 7 19 a4stnraVS only. bgltarrllre 1 :ce,_l2ei. 27, 3,8, 6 15,9 26, 9 .6, 10 0,11 2' 1" 15, 5, 2 4 30 5,45 7. 5 20. 7 5, 9 0, 11 3P.

EVERY WOILVIAN %TA! send two stamps for our 32 nue Mistral-eV:l3OOk ot,ta, valuable Information how all Irregularities and tt:'Netions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple Recommended by encinen Physicians, as the only tee; lijnre, and Genuine 'Remedy, Never fai.s. Thousands of "'Unitas. lit P. Bt./NCI:MO, Dalston Lane, Londost.

1..-

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE,

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

Fixtures for Season 1901-1902: FIRST TRANI. DATE. CLUB, GROUND, 1911. _

Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 • 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford away 6 2 21. Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home postponed 23 Halifax away 5 8 30 St. Helens Dec. 7 Batley away 0 10 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield ..... ............. 25 Leigh 28 Runcorn 23 Widnes away 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home 4 Hull 11 Halifax 13 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home Feb. 1 Salford home 8 Huddersfield 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home Mar. 1 Salford 3 Hunslet _ home

_ 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 23 Cup Tie 28 Good Friday 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan . 12 19 Champions v Rest 26 Final Cup Tie

RUNCORN.

DATE. CLUB. GROUND., 1901. Points For Ag'st Sep.77 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11 0 28 Warrington away 3 10 Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 3 5 14 Brighouse Rangers 19 St. Helens 25 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 33 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire 13 3 Dec. 7 Huddersfield 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland Ins Cum. i 4,4 21 Broughton Rangers home _ _ __ , _

- 23 (Xmas Day) Broughton R.... home 25 (Bank .Holiday) Warrington home

%.11 Saliorl home 1902. Jan. 1 Hull home

Broughton Hangers 11 18 Leigh away 25 Hunslet away Feb. 1 Oldham 8 Brighouse Ranger. 11 (shrove 'euesdAy) Halifax 15 Swinton 22 Batley .. away Mar 1 Bradfori 8 Salford 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Tie 12 Seml.final Cup Tie 19 Champions v. Best 26 Final Cur, Tie

LA.NCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

WIDNES. CLUB. GROT/ZiD.

DATE. 19)1. .

Points For Ag'st Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets . home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 23 Altrincham home 23 0 Dot. 5 Morecambe away 7 0 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan ,23 Birkenhead home 16 7 26 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 Stockport away 2 0 9 Barrow home 13 4 /6 Altrincham 23 3) Millom home 7 2 Dec 7 Hull Kingston Rovers ' -

14 Lancaster home 21 Lancaster away 25 (Christmas 1-14 Y) 26 (Bank Holiday) 29 1902. Jan. 1 4 11 Harrow. 11 Lanes, v. Curaberian J. in Lancs.

13 Radcliffe 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Homets 3 Wigan .. away 15 Morecamb home. mar. 1. 8 St Helens home

1; Cup Tie, A3kain 2?, Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 5 Cup Tie 12 Ilalllora away

ST. HELENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Agi t Sen. 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster hme 4 0 21 Widnes home 2 5 23 Rochdale Hornets away 9 2 Oct. 5 Barrow home 3 7 12 Stockport away 0 3 19 RuOOOT3 home 0 2 26 Lancaster away 4 17 28 Lancs. v Cheihire, in Lancs. 8 8 Boy. 2 Radcliffe away 19 0 11 3Varringaon home 9 17 16 Bit keoheid away 5 0 23 Millom away 8 6 39 Warrington away 5 11 Dec. 7 Radcliffe 14 Barrow away 21. Morecambe away 25 (Christmas Day) 26 Bank Holiday) 23 Wigan 1907. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 ' Altrincham awa 11 Lane'. v Camberland in Lancs. 15 Stockport home 18 25 Feb. 1 8 Millord home 15 Birkenhead home 22 Mar. 1 Morecambe home 3 Widnes away

15 22 Cup Tie, Hull Kingston H.... away

Ii`LOBILINE YOOTE 'l7.viTu AND ERFA.TH.- - Thoroughy cleanses the teeth frox all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, previ. ots tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?.s. Gd. for the liquid, or I.s. per Jar for the Mullins " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. "Vitt VALUABLE Die COVERT FOIt THE -rfllll,—ll your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off flee the MEXICAN MAIN HENEwEre, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair e,harmingiv beautiful, as we I as promoting the growth. Price L3s 6cl

To IdO2rIERS.—VIrs. Wine low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions at mothers for their shildren while teething, with perfect Iniceess. It will relieve the roorsueterer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural enlist sleep, ny relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as height as a button." Of e.ll Chemist. Is 134 oar Advt.CLAR Kli'B or sex, all 4 r IcLoLn .St t, are i constitutional warrantedDischtaorgez from cure, onmh eitherte acquired Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. Sd. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland „Counties DrugOompany Lincoln.— Advt, Bronchitis, Coughs. Colds, Pains in the Chest. Shortness of Breath, Phlegm,—On. I.OCoCIC'S PULMONIC WAFERS Film immediate relief and a rapid cure, nothing else gives such a sound, refreshing night's rest. In Hheumatic and Nervous complaints they act like a charm. To singers they are in- valuable for clearing and strengthening tne voice. They don't taste like medicine. Sold by all medicine Vendors at is id and 25 9d a box. Caution.—The genuine Dr Locock's medicines have the name in the Government Stamp, and the Trade Mark (" Dr Locock on the label, Advt. (4). IMPURITIES DI THE BLOOD.—" We have seen hosts esl letters frem people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly esti- mated for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impuri- ties. 7 his is a good testimonial from the " Family Doctor," Which goes on further to say : "It Is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill hero brought to light,land We can with nthe tmost confidenee recommend it to our sub, scribers And the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy. litnrma. Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and I Sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testimonials. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold;everywhere!at is 9,1 per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations ;and sub- stitutes. Advt (4)

PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED FOR

CATALOGUES. CIRCULARS. HANDBILLS. MAGAZINES. ESTIM &TES FURNISHED FOR EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WMIRINGTON* 1-17 ELEPH ONE, 353 Y.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 13 1901

===== 0002601_19011213_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
1

COA .6ULINE ':- ThAII.SF FOR ' -1/ ARIICLES.

IPARENT UMEtiT, =

ALL BROKEN

===== 0002601_19011213_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
COP TIN L

One of the , ~i ~ • • , , , .;.; .., ...... "Nghts of London."

The Grandest 4fiap.„ 6 etti ' 41, 44 • Collection of Presents • i in the World.

. imempi...... ...,............. Which will be sent post free to any address on receipt di a card. Brimful of Presents for Old and Young. Everything required for, gifts or Amusements is contained therein, at a saving of 40 per cent, over most houses. We have made an enormous purchase of Useful Presents, Toys and . Scientific Novelties, both in.

t Special Line of Grznopesnrals, Phonai

. . . •., ' • . • . , • • • • • • • , • • • ‘.• . • . , • • • , , ` • • , . ' • .4..• • • . • tt• +.3.*-,;`',A..N•t-4.,t. • .` • • -

===== 0002601_19011213_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
TO SEND TO

m . , , , ...,.. . , ‘. 1..., „ .

-- - -- Write to•day for a copy of the illustrated Catalogue of

===== 0002601_19011213_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
& it 44; , ,i,,, ~,.. ••I,:z 4 .., ,5.,....," ali, :,i,,e‘ ~..i. J..4;P., :S.,' ':'11. > , ,1. I ?‘ . ''. s .11. ••••f' .' 1 41017.- ' .4r:O. .41 44(:::::c '

IIL e, A AND ONMIII oc%* Evoin THE N

which

_ re are offering until Xmas at a great Reduction.

BROUGHT TO

===== 0002601_19011213_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Li 12„..., , L. ~pg gb, , ~ 4 ,

AND THE

_ Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Pack, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy 0, other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which shoUld have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DR RODS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is, lid. and Ls• 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor, olford Douse. Holford-sauare, London, W.O.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR DOOR

1 By a Post Card. ,raphs& Maergo Lantarns.

MANLY MEN!

Why suffer'; from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting V•eakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH lAßßlOlhill or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and goaronteed genui .• I cannot find words to express ow o, am. I used to think I never would get, curet. I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many rounds.—G.F.M." " I nave carri.d out your Instructions, and am now Per fectly Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Sendat 0n.4 and be cured. IZ„lears Continuous Succeed

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD. CLEANSES the system from all impurities.

refcre the great picture exhibitions in London open, comes a day which artists call varnishing day. The nimble fingers of our girl workers have also their varnishing day, when they varnish last season's hat to do another turn—Bsots Hat Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted colours are the hest for this purf ose. Price per bottle.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST.

355., BR ISVIERTY4GT°U•

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND \ CO., LTD' 0

BASNETI STREET, LIVERPOOL. PARIS MODELS IN MILLINERY AT MODERATE PRICES,

NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY,

THE NEW AND EFFECTIVE FELT FRIEZE

ZIBELINE HATS.

IN:THE LITERTIANDIVIOST STYLISH FOAMS SMART FEATHER TOQUES

IN A GREAT VARIEVY OF STYLES AT VERY MODERATE PRICES. ;4:4414,10Thi

NEW COSTUMES

COATS AND SKIRTS, WALKINGEDRESSES. THE LATEST NOVELTIES:IN

LADIES _MANTLES,

YOUNG LADIES' JACKETS, EVENING CLOAKS, TRLivELLING CLOAKS, &c.

RICH FURS,

•,TREIDING VISITORS TO w BRIGHTON WILL DO WELL To WRITE OE CALL AT WEBSTER'S P, IFE. CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15 It 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to snit all classes. PRIVATK APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) specially catered for. Write at once or Terms.

YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner, places it before those whom you want to reschand goes direct to the Public, keeps Tour name before them, serves to make you etePr known =wag, them, at a very small coat.

WIN

ED

B

1 1 1

I

I

• ,

. .4, 4. :3

===== 0002601_19011213_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Lo,,DON

v.o3R. -sroltrzz

- J r 4)."

CURES PIMPLES ON THE FACE.

CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SOLES. TESTIMONIAL. Eieesrs. BOOTS.--It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered froua a bad leg and dropsy for •some time, and had been in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give It a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy. that they will find, RS I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do.

(Signel) G. P. SOLOMON. PRICES is. AND is: 91. PER BOTTLE.

SULI'HUR TABLETS

CONTAIN ALL THE VIRTUES OF THA.T.

OLD FASHIONED REMEDY.

PRICES 6D. AND iID. PER BOX.

Containing double the quantity usually

===== 0002601_19011213_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPOUND

SARSAPARILLA PACKETS,

Composed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Perurian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacura Wood, Mezereoa Root, Licorice,atc.

_ 8p PER PACKET. Makes one qu rt. Full directions enclosed.

BOOTS VARNISH STAINS.

Clive a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, Ire. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at oar, oparation.

Usual 6d size for 40., Is size for Bd., 2s 61 size for Is 5,1 per bottle.

FURNITURE CREAM.

Gives a brilliant gioss to all kinds of leTaliogany and Ftench-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks.

6J bottle for 41, Is. bottle for 7d.

BRUNSWICK BLACK.

Will makelronvrork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine ot patent leather boots does to a well stressed woman.

63. size for 4d.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT.

As used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decor* tors. Has the original brightness of G‘l,l, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, Is. bottle for 7P. ,

UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH..

BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR METAL POLISH trill clean every kind of Metal, Brass, Steel or Iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial size, usual 2i. for id. is. tins for 43.

-.Rwrr WILLS CLEANSING Cr

AMMONIA.

Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver. crockery,,mirrors.windowe, cut glees, but esrecially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, 8.c., from wash-boards and floors. It ,s also goo l for toilet, bath, and laundry. is. bottle for 10d., mall trial eize 6d. .•

===== 0002601_19011213_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HAT VARNISHES.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE INFIRRARY

15 THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR "BIKE" FOR IEPIIR3. NO J 313 TOO aMALL OR TOO DIFFLCULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS.

FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS.

'TYRES RE-LINED EQUAL TO

- NEW IS TWO DAYS ALL WORE GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's Eadie., ana Jaater Lee fittings, Agent for Palmer Tyres.

NOTE ;ADDRE.93.

D. H. GUEST,

CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. TOOLE,

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANULE MANUFACTURER,

ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SLAUGHTER YARD. LONGEOP.D.

THLEGIANT9 :—TOOLE, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

KENDAL, MUNE, & CO., MANCHESTER Telegrams. " Kenmll." Telephone. 1,74 g.

BUSINESS HOURS. 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2)

LETTER HAVE CAREFUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS f ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS

-WILL BE ATIKNDED TO AT Ea, ST. JOHN-STRIIEI, DEANSGATB.

KENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER.

ilUn. 16 nit ;Lik.6l',ClUl4l,“ WHY

THE RALEIGH OF_COURSH

NV • B ELLIAN,

MAKER OF THE 'ROYAL CAMBRIAN,

115 SANKEY-STE,EET,

===== 0002601_19011213_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN

ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURES, &c &c., WILLIAM TODD, 18, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD STREET).

GO TO

===== 0002601_19011213_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOI

H. INGRAH AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY

BIiLLS AND TELEPHONES.

ESTIMATES GIVEN.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
DELICIO7S.

RED

WHITE & BLUE COFFEE.

For Breakfast and after Dinner.

SOLD EVEBY WHERE.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

EXAMINER OFFICR, WARRINGTON. JOHN IV AUER AND Co.,

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

COMMERCIAL

PRINTING

PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES.

PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. WITH THE GREAT ES T DESPATCFI. MANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPEC FUSES OF COM EAMES.

EXAMISIER PRINTING WORKS, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ILXAMINER PRINTING WORKS,

CONCERT BILL, AND PROD- RAM3IES.

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS.

may be had in a fewhours.

BEWBEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
,

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 12a 6d. Liverpool Agent : R RUMS, 15 & 16. ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL. CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALTHASI WATCHES in Gold. Silver and -filled at Lowest Prices Current.

JOHN LEON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, ,Sz VARNISHERS, CABINST MPLKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOHN HMSON has been over 36 years with

Robert Garnett and Sons, and 23 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRE39 :-19, THYN2E-3TRIIET.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually attendei to.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4353. 89113212E9 FREE •R, I3TANEE. BAR TABLES. COUNTRU3 FITTINGS &c.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY DECEMBER 13, 1901

Xetterl to the Ebitor.

Corporation Finance. Fir,—What astonishes me with regard to the Corpor- ation bank overdraft is the fact that amongst all the Councillors and Officials not a single individual Ns come forward to offer a word of explanatica. Why is the public kept in the dark ? The figures are in themselves positively alarming, as in two years viz :—from March 1399 to March 1901, the liability of the Corporation to the Manchester and Liverpool District Bank, increased from £14,163 15310 i to £122,894 9i 4d, an increase of £103,725 13s 61. Is thes.e no one who will relieve the minds of the rate- payers ? The Bank Rate U.-day is 4 per cent. What are we paying for this large overdraft ? Yours truly, WILLIAM DOOLEY, Bewsey-road Warrington, December 6tb,

===== 0002601_19011213_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
An Orford-lane Complaint.

Sir,—Would you kindly permit me to ask our repre- sentatives of Sr. John's and Orford wards, also the Lighting Committee, if we are to continue throughout this winter as we were last, in regard to the darkness of this busy thoroughfare and still be content with the premise" It shall have cur attention." This is not sufficient, what we want is immediate attention, seeing that the lamp taken down for the rebuilding of the " Wheat Sheaf Hotel " places the neighbourhood worse than before. Only on Wednesday evening a child was accidentally run over near this spot,and as the authorities know this neighbourhood is a little rowdy, it is not right Lo leave i so neglected. Again as a victim to the uninvited vi,,itor or visitors with loss of and damage to property, I can assure your readers there is just cause for alai m. It would therefore greatly add to our safety and comtort if we had better light and police patrol. Yours respectfully, EDWARD PLINSTON. 1, Orfcrd-laneXarrington.

Runcorn School Board.—Canon Wood's Last Explanation.

Sir—The latest effusion of the Rev. Canon Wood in his official organ aud re-published in last week's " Examiner," is a pitiable exhibition of a strong man striving against what he knows to be the right and true course to pursue, and, in consequence, floundering deeper into the mire. His explanation is not just to his opponents. It is not true in substance nor in fact. ." Directly I knew it," he says, " I hastened to say that the fourpence by which the School Board rate rose from 1896 to the latter half of 1893 was not all duet) the transfer of the Wesleyan Schools." Directly be knew it ! How does that statement accord with the truth. During the '93 election the Progressive candidates issued a hand bill contradicting the statement, and pointing out that the increase was nearer 21. But the Canon and his party continued to " think " it was 4d and maintained their figures before the electorate. At a Board meeting a fort- night before the election just ended, Mr Norman again brought the subject before the Canon's notice, in his capacity as Chairman of the Board and told him the figures were not true. Canon Wood maintained they were true, and one of his first acts after the campaign opened, was to issue the old falsehood under a somewhat new guise. His statement that the question was never raised at the Board, and had laid dormant since the last election does not therefore accord with the fact. Canon Wood was in possession of the official documents ' and the most superficial inquiry would have shown him he was in the wrong. But it suited be and his party to continue to think the increase was 4d. It was not until he had the challenge from Mr Norman to submit the figures to a chartered accountant that the Canon left toe thinking stage. Then—so quickly did he find out his error—in a few hours he reduced the 4el to 3d. This was strange conduct for one so precise, so exact, and such a great stickler for order as Canon Wood. And what happens after this ? Is the error corrected by handbill in the same way it had been circulated far and wide ? No. Is any honourable amendment made? No. The offence is still further aggravated in a way that the Canon's pleas that he " thought" and that he was " careless " and that no one would suppose that he had " purposely said what he knew not to be correct " that these pleas can by no means extenuate. The lie --that is the true definition which the circumstances warrant—the lie was fepeated on the very morning of the polling day. A handbill headed " Wednesday morning " issued so late that no effective reply could be given the electors was spread broadcast. This handbill stated " After all the fact remains that the rate was 51 before the Wesleyan Schools were closed and now is 9d and has beer, for years." The Canon's own phrase " strategy of truth aptly describes this " fact." Can Canon Wood wonder that be and his party should be attacked when they play the high game of education so low down as this ? This is not hastening to repair error, is it? There is no qualification of " thought" about this. The statement does not even bear an aspect of being careless. This handbill was issued nearly a fmrtnight atter the Canon had publicly reduced the 41 to 3d. I leave ratepayers to draw the inferer ce frorr this brief history of the controversy. It is due to the Progressive members of the School Board that the public should be placed in possession of facts so diame- trically opposed to the statement published by the Canon in his own magazine and given a wider circula- tion through the local Press. It will be a sorry day for England when it becomes general for those who are leaders of public thounht and public action to prostitute truth, honesty and justice for the sake of party advan- tsge.—Yours truly, IMPERIALIST.

The Concentration Camps.

is amazing how many survivals of barbarism one sti'l meets—cr learns of—in the midst of civilisa- tion. One of the most depressing at the present time, is the primitive form of usage adopted by the present Goverrment with regard to women and children are congregated together in!lvrhat are termed the concen- tration camps of South Africa. To people professing Christian principles in this England of ours ft is be- coming more and more imperative that some steps should be taken with a view of compelling the Govern- ment or powers that be to at least mitigate the rr isery which we learn is now reaching so deplorable a condi- tion indeed. One wonders with Burke whether the age of chivalry is gone and if that of sophistets and calcu- lators has succeeded, for it would appear that the nurse of manly sentiment is a thing of the past and that the glory of England has almest become xtinguished, were it not that in several parts of the country there have already been brought to bear many resolutions by citizens of different towns denoting in a most emphatic manner their disapprobation felt for the system now so unhappily in vogue with respect to concentration camps in South Africa. It may reason- ably be conjectured that in the course of a week or two the town of Runcorn will once again be the ar na for Chrirtmas carolling when the glad tidings of peace on earth and good will to all men will be earnestly voiced by the choirs of the respective Churches connected therewith. La view of the existing matters referred to ' above, will it notf appear somewhat incongruous during Christmas-tide if nothing is done in Runcorn by our , ministers of religion in the way of bringing about a meeting, the objects of which will be to emphasize in unmistakeable teims, the necessity there is, that meas- ures shall be adopted with a view of bringing about a more congenial state of affairs in these camps, and one which will be characteris:ic of so renowned a country as England for liberty and justice to mankind. The thr es demand that steps should be taken by ministers of the Gospel, for at is astounding to think or even to realise, that the mortal- ity among the women and children exceeds even the hiehest death rate of any of the large towns of Great Britain. We learn from given statistics that it is even proportionably higher than that which prevailed dur- ing the plague in Bombay and which during last September reached the abnormal rate of 565 per thousand. Mine is not the task to paint the gloomy horrors of the tomb. Such were the words of the Scottish Port Blair, in his "Elegy on the Grave"—written some two hundred years ago—but we may take his dictum to heart on friendship—that friend- ship the mysterious cement of the soul and sweet solder of society—is still as great a factor in bringing about:that state of fellow feeling %bid] would enable one to be at least kir d to his fellow mortals and earth- born companions. To the ladies of Runcorn I would also entreat that they will do their utmost at the various meetings which are invariably held in connection with the respective Churches. Much can be done by formu- lating resolutions and much will be assuredly done in this respect when it becomes universally known that of the women incarcerated in these camps there is not one. whose youngest child is now living. It will be seen that this question appeals with special force to the women of this country to exert themselves in trying to alleviate their sex as much as possible by con- vening meetings, in which the sterner sex shall partici- pate and shall be conducted by the ministers of the Free Church Council. If needs be a puLlic meeting might be held to endorse in no uncertain manner the resolutions already sent up for the purpose of alleviating and ameliorating the condition of women and children who are unnecessarily suffering through the stern reali- ties of war. Hoping the matter will be taken up, as is suggested. lam yours truly, Runcorn. J. Mc L.

Great Chemical Works Development. It was officially intimated on Thursday morning that Messrs Gossage and Sons, soap manufacturers, Widnes. together with a number of other in- fluential manufacturers, have acquired a site of 141 acres at Rudheath, Northwich, and are abut to erect a large works for the manufacture of chemicals and by-products. The essential brine has been found. The site has a frontage to the North Stafford Canal and the London and North-Western Railway. It is understood that the manufactory will require a large number of hands. It will pro- tably be worked in conjunction with Gossage's Soap Works, which use large stocks of chemicals.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR

. LATEST TELEGRAMS. Ihe Capture of the Bethel Commando:

PRETORIA. TUESDAY.

The capture of 131 Boers yesterday morning at Trecbardsfontein, 15 miles west of Bethel, by General Bruce-Hamilton is announced. A laager was taken and seven Boers killed. Further details are not yet to hand. The prisoners would belong to Wolmaran's ccmmando, 300 strong, which after remaining a few days north-west of Bethel in tou2n with another force of the samo Etrength broke at the beginning of the week, Wolmaran's coming south.

Lord Kitchener in the Field.

At the Head of our Troops.

Writing at Pretoria on Tuesday Mr Bennett Burleigb, the war correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph," says : —Lord Kitchener, now that General Sir lan Hamilton is here, has taken the field in person and is directing the movement cf our troops.

Louis Botha's Whereabouts.

VRYHEID. MONDAY. General Louis Botha, with a large commando, is re- ported to be to the north-east of this place.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

HOW IT IS MADE, HOW IT CURES, AND WHY IT

IS THE BEST. LUNG AND CHEST DISEASES EXPLAINED. Coughs may be due to any of the following causes: 1. Enlarged tonsils. 2. Influenza. 3. Enlarged uvula. 4. Inflamed throat 5. Bronchitis and asthma 6. Inflammation of the lungs. 7. Pneumonia. 8. Consumption. 9. Pleurisy. 10; Stomach disorders. 11. Croup. A cough may be dry and hard, or loose with much expectoration. It may be catarrhal with a dry tickling in the throat, accompanied by partial stoppage of the nostrils and shortness of breath. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is prepared with the object of removing the cause of the Cough, not smothering it, subduing it, or easing it, but curing the diseased conditions which produce it. It is admittedly a scientific remedy, en- dorsed and used by doctois, this fact alone should convince: It is far superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. No doctor will recommend the common syrupy mixtures so often sold at a cheap price, and which are of no practical value, except to ease the Cough for the time being. VENO.S Licavisiso Coroa Crrix not cnly radically cures the most stutborn Coughs, but strengthens the lungs and gives perfect ease in breathing. It is also a specific for the cure of Infleecza. It is prepared in one of the most modern laboratories in the world, on scientific principles and from ingredients never before used in Great Britain Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.dOn't be per suaded to take any other, insist on " VENO'S." Pric is. 11d, and 23. 9d. All Chemists and Medicine Vendors

===== 0002601_19011213_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR REPRESENTATION.

Mr. S. Woods Proposed as Candidate

for Newton Division.

Lancashire miners bays aeon given practical effect to the scheme of Labour representation which has recently been decided upon throughout the area of the Miners' Federation of Great Britain. Upon the basis which is suggested there may be thirty-four or thirty-five candi- dates put up at the next general election under the scheme, counties being entitled to nominate one candi- date for every ten thousand members. Lancashire's quota will thus be four, but as yet only one name has teen before the county conference—viz., Mr S Woods, president of the Federation,whose suggested candidature for the Newton Division at the next election was ap- proved at the monthly gathering of the Federation dele- gates at Wigan on Saturday. 'lt is, we understand, a condition that candidates must reside in the county where the division is they are ,run for. Mr Woods as is well-known, is not a new hand, having sat in Parlia- ment for Ince and Walthams tow ; and it is doubtless intenled as a mark of recognition of his past services and of the position he at present holds as president of the county Federation and secretary to the Parliament- ary Committee cf the Trades Union Congress that the honour of being the first name submitted to the general body of miners as a candidate for a seat in Parliament under the new scheme has been conferred upon him. Mr Woods has resided in the Newton Division about thirty years, and it is estimated that the mining vote will be a little less than two-di lairds of the whole of the electors.

_ It is probable four Labour candidates may be run under the scheme in Lancashire when the rime. ccmeß, and if so, the other three constituencies will be selected, doubtless, from ths following—viz., Ice, Wigan, St Helens, Westhough.ton, Radeliffe-tium-Farnworth,E3c'es and L!igh.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN WORKING MEN'S FLYING CLUB.

Annual Dinner.

The annual dinner of the E arles town Working Men's Flying Club was held at the Oddfellown' Arms I.,2gh- street, on Saturday eight. Over 701 members and friends sat down to an excellent repast, prepared in his usual excellent style by Mr Lythgoe, the host. The meal having been much enjoyed, an adjournment was made while the tatles were cleared. The after proceed- ings were presided over by Mr George Gay (president of the Liverpool and District Federation), Who was sup- ported by Messrs F Gregson (president of the city of Liverpool Federation), T Southern (president of the club), Mr Charles Appleton. and others. In the absence of his brother through illness, Mr Charles Appleton then read the third annual report, which stated that the season had in every way been a great success, and he might say that the Federation to which they belonged bad in no small way contributed towards that desirable result. The programme was an extensive one, inciuding five races for old birds and five races for young birds. It was carried through without one single mishap, which spokeeloguently for the man- agement of the St Helens and District Federation, The membership of the society continued to increase. Last year the number was 47, this year they had 52, and in ev ,ry o her bruin's the increase was well maintained. For instance, in their firit year they raced 336 birds, this year they sent to all races 1,437 birds, a splendid in crease over last year of 1,101. The amount paid in pezes (not including specials) totalled £56 12s, an in- crease over last year of £22 14e. The principal winners were Messr, J Kitts £8 Sc, including thtee-guinea cup. W Conner £7 163, Jickson Bros. £.6 us, Lythgoe and Son £5 4s, including three-guinea cup, and J Lovrsay £3 15s 6d. The income' for the year was £lO3 lOs 61, and the expenditure £96 is 21, leaving a balarce in 'hand of £7 9i 4cl. In conclusion the committee desired to thank the special prize giver; :—Messrs Jolley,!Greg- ton, Lythgne and Son, Bibbed, Woods, Jackson Bros., astley, King and several other gentlemen. Personally e wished to thank the'r respected President for the great amount of assistance the Secretary had received from him, In his estimation a harder working president did not exist. He also wished to thank the committee, who had, on all occasions, worked together satisfactorily. The Chairman then distributed the prizes and dip- lomas, which had been won by the members. The chief prizes were those mentioned in the secretary's report,Mr T Southern (president) said he was pleased to be present and to see such a splendid gathering. The club was now in its third year. In their first year the society only numbered 24 members. That was not bad fora start. They flew their old birds up to Bournemouth and young birds to Swindon. In the second year the mem- bership was 52, the old birds being flown to Jamey and the young b rds to Swindon. They had 52 members at the present time. They flew their old birds to Nantes and their young birds to Bournemouth in the any age race. They had also two members who had successfully flown Bordeaux. They all knew very well how their club was commenced They only paid a small entrance fee of 7s 61 per mem- ber, and it spoke highly of the club and its members when they could give five pens with £2 for the first prize out of such a small entrance fee. They were not afraid to produce or publish their report so that every- one could see how they were situated. He had not seen a secretary in Lancashire who could he compared with their secretary. (Applause.) Mr Appleton had done his utmost for them curing the last few years, and be (the speaker) was sorry that he was not amongst them. A number of toasts were honoured and the remainder of the evening was spent in a convivial manner. The GLF.N-SPEY DISTILLERY, Situate In the finest Whisky- producing District of Scotland, is the property of W. 84 A. Gilbey. Tt is Wkisky is made entirely from bome-erown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in his Majesty's Bonded Warehouses to mature, and sold by W. S: A. Gitbey's agents in:everyitown at Is. 6d. per-1130We"

===== 0002601_19011213_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON

P.S:A. 1 The usual weekly meeting of the Earlestown and District P.S.A. Society, was held in the Co- operative Hall, on Sunday afternoon. Mr J Smith presided, and an interesting address was given by Mr J Parr. Vocal selections were given by Miss L B Parr, and recitations by Miss Newton. Miss Williamson presided at the piano. THE PENRHY.N CHOIR AT EARLESTOWN. On Monday evening the Town liall at Earles- town was packed to its utmost capacity on the occasion of a concert given by the Penrhyn Choir from Bethesda, the proceeds being in support of the locked-out quarrymen. The arrangements had been carried out by a committee composed ot the Earlestown Trades Council and the Eisteddfod Committee with Mr W Speakman as secretary. Dr Latham officiated as chairman and at the outset referred to the fact that Lord Penrhyn happened to be the lessee for life of land which contained valuable mineral called slate, and it was a pure accident of birth that he was in possession of it. Parliamenc, had decreed that workingmen had a , right to combine for their mutual protection but Lord Penryhn had refused to meet the accredited representatives of the men and he also refuses the friendly effarts of arbitration by the Board of Trade. Evidently Lord Penrhyn had a very poor case or he would have been willing to submit it to the arbitration of his friends. The choir was working voluntarily to stay the icy hand of hunger, and the audience by their presence showed that they at all events intended that,the men,womenand children of Bethesda should have jusuice done to them. The musical items were then proceeded with and were selected from the extensive reper- toire of the choir. A couple of songs were given in a capital soprano voice by a youth named Gunson af Manchester who gave his services to the choir. A collection was made and ..C5 Is 4il realised. EARLESTOWN SHOP ASSISTANTS. On Sunday afternoon a meeting of the Shop Assistants' Organization, under the auspices of the local branch, was held at the Co-operative Hall, Wargrave-road, Earlestown. Mr Greerson, of Liver- pool. presided over a fair attendance. After the business of a routine character had been transacted, the Chairman referred to the advisability of engag- ing organizers to spread about the piinctples o?the association. He had seen a letter asking them to invest their funds in liability companies. He considered they would have a much more lucrative investment than that by putting on three new organizers. In twelve months it I would return them something like 40 per cent.— Ii was ultimately decided, on the proposition of Mr Snowball, seconded by Mr Davies, that the branches be recommended to consider the advisability of employing more organizers.—The Chairman said that afternoon he was going to preach the gospel of personal responsibility and was going to take as his text the position of the Earlestown branch. There must be a screw loose somewhere as they knew so little about Earlestown. He believed in that town there were something like 14,000 inhabit- ants,from which he inferred there were from 150 to 200 shopworkers. Out of that number they might reasonably expect from 80 to 100 to be organized. Not only was the number small, but it had been re- duced from 20 to 17. There was one point he was glad to bear of and that was the 17 members were tully alive to their position. The Chairman then dealt with various matters they had under consider- ation,and urged the necessity of all shop assistants joining their ranks.—The various reports were afterwards submitted and the meeting terminated with the usual votes of thanks being passed. NOTES BY THE WAY AT

===== 0002601_19011213_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN.

[Br A CORRESPONDENT]

FOOTBALL.

The match between Earlestown and Workington on the Mesnes ground on Saturday provided one of the finest exhibitions ef football ever seen on the ground, the play all through, particularly during the first half, being of a very high standard, Earlestown won the toss and had the advantage of a strong wind during the first forty-five minutes. After tne homestara had paid a brief visit to the Workington goal, the nail was carried up the field by the visitors forwards, a foul against Leigh help- ing them nearer to the goal. The free kick was put out to the right and afterwards centred, Wood putting the leather pest Chew after five minutes play. Earlestown livened up after this and an al- most continuous fusilade was maintained on the vis tor!goal. A Shot from Dawson would certainly have scored had not Brown knocked the leather out with his hand. A penalty was of course awarded, and Settle had no difficulty in making the scores level. The pressure was kept up and twenty minutes after the start, a fast low shot from Bartley wal fumbled by the custodian with the result that both he and the ball were bundled into the net by Barlow and Leach. The third goal came just before the interal a lovely shot from Barlow defeating Pratt all the way. At the interval Earlestown were leading by three goals to one although if they had bad anything like reason- able luck they would have been four or five goals in front. The second half was mostly contested in a pouring rain which entirely spoiled the game. No more scoring was done, and the game therefore re- sulted in a victory for Earlestown by three goals to one.

The play of the locals seems to improve every time they turn out, and their record especially when operating on their own ground, will bear comparison with any other team in the League. ney have played five oaaches at borne and have won all the lot scoring 18 points as against five by their opponents.

Newton turned out twc teams on Saturday one meeting Tranmere Rovers in a combination match and the other visiting Adlington in a Wigan cup tie. After leading by two goals to nil at the inter- val Newton had to put up with a three to two de- feu', at the bands of Tranmere,whilst the other team were trounced to the extent of 5 goals to 1 at Adliogton.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL LAXITY Al WIDNES.

Report to the Town Council. The monthly meeting of the Widnes Town Council was held on Tuesday afternoon,the Mayor(Alderman W. Winwooi Gossage) presiding. With respect to the de- falcations in the borough accountant's departm.nt and the dismissal of the chief collector (Mr Charles Whitfield), the sub-committee appointed to examine the matter presented their report, of which the foLowing is a resumil :—Your sot-committee were appointed to make an investigation of the department and its working in April last, on the voluntary withdrawal of Drury, but more especially in regard to the books kept by Drury, whien resulted in his conviction and imprisonment. Acting under your furthr instructions, we investigated matters in connection with Whitfieh.'s accounts, which produced a profound conviction on the minds of your committee, the details of which were communicated to you, and which led you to unanimously ask Whitfield to resign. We would point out that you have continually relied upon the regular reports of the auditors, by which you were led to believe that the management of the depart- ment left nothing to be desired, but we regret to say our investigations have disclosed the fact that this was not the case. In conclusion, your committee cannot I absolve the chief accountant from all blame believing that the departmeat has been administered with some laxity, but think that this expression of opinion, associated with the changes now insti- tuted, notably the daily checking, and the relinquishing of the secretarial dutles of the technical instruction committee by Mr Hoyle, vti'l result man improved state of affairs. The committee recommended that the three vacancies in the staff should be filled after advertising, and that the following members of the staff be pro- moted :—Mr Doan Sankey to be chief clerk, Mr Frede- rick Teasdale to be water rental clerk, Mr George D Stead to be gas rental clerk, Mr David Martin to be : collector, and Mr William Price to he collector. _ _ .

Councillor Owenq (chairman of the finance committee) in moving the adoption of ths minutes, psid a high tribute t. 3 the ability and acumen which had been mani. fested by the chief accountant (Mr Samuel floyle)whilst he had been in the employ of the corporstim.—The minutes were duly spened.a. zonfi air-looted.

FOO IT:SALL Warrington " A " team had an easy task with Latch- ford Rangers on Saturday, though the Juniors played gamely and in the forwarl ranks particularly they were very energetic. Considerable interest was taken in the match owing to the fact that Jones turned out again for Warrington at threequarter and with him had come a big forward named Phillips. Roth of them played. Jones shaped well but was neglected by Lawless. This sort of thing militated against his success last time he was here, and the committee ought to put it down with a firm hand. I should sus- pend the man at once who was guilty of selfish play towards a newcomer. Phillips seemed strange to the game, and an estimate of his ability could scarcely be formed.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TEST CASE AT RUNCORN. --- Prosecution of Swine Slaughterers.

For some time now the question of ths legality of slaughtering pigs at places other than the slaughter- house provided by the local authority has been agitating the minds ot Runcorn butchers and others who kilt pigs. It will lie remembered that some time ago the Runcorn Ct-opeffltive society made an application to the Urban Council to be permitted to kill pigs at the rear of the premises in Church-street. The application, after due consideration, was almost unanimously refused on the ground that a ceitain bye-law made it impossible to sanction private slaughter-houses. One or two members pointed out that there were scores if not hundreds of private individuals who were in the habit of killing pigs at the backs of their houses. As a preliminary step, therefore, a great number of—if not all— such persons were served with notices to the effect that they must desist or face the music of a public prosecu- tie% This- action by the Local Authority and its officials created something like consternation among a certain section of the community who have been follow- ing up this"honoured"(?)custom for over a score years, and quite a wave of resentment has been created by the firm and decided stand cf the " citizen fathers " who have not hesitated to summon before " beak and bench" the obstreperous members who have defied the Council's authority. This then may be said to be the" full and complete " history of the proceedings which were held at the Police Court on Monday before Mr ir J Norman and Mr J Ockleston. when David Pilgrim, Halton-road, Ann Cowap, Stonehills ; Mary Price, Halton-road ; and George Hughes, Crown Vaults, were summoned by Mr Percival, Inspector of Nuisances, acting on behalf of the 17 ban Council, tor killing pigs in places other than the . public slaughter houses. Mr Lake appeared on behalf of the Council, and Mr Knowles Widnes, represented the defendants. In opening the case, the defendants' solicitor said that his clerk only received instructions at 10 p m on Saturday night, and he, Mr Knowles, had only received word from his clerk at 730 that morning. It was a matter that should be thrashed out in the interests of the law and in the public interest of the town. These people had been singled out because they were members oa the Co-operative Society, and because they had sold pigs to the Society. He asked for an adjournment since they had only received the ummonses on Saturday morning, for be intended to ead up the law on the subject.—Mr Lake thought they sad had ample time to prepare as the defendants bad . received written and verbal nctice months ago that they would be prosecuted.—Mr Knowles retorted that a town authority should be the last one to take a mean advant- age. It had been done so as not to give the de- fendants a chance of defending themselves. —The Chairman: DD not let us have any irritation.—Mr Knowles : I am not irritated Continuing he said that this practice had been going on for the last twenty or thirty years daily and weekly and now that the matter had been taken up as a public matter by a public body it should be thrashed out with deliberation.—Mr Lake said he did not object if his friend avc.uld pay the costs of the adjournment.—Mr Knowles objected to this Suggestion and after a further passage of arms between the solicitors during which one accused the other of listening to "idle nonsense " the matter was adjourned for a week.

===== 0002601_19011213_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON PARISH COUNCIL,

At the monthly meeting of the above Council, Mr W Moores in tie chair, it was reported that !during the month of October there w4s no interments but 103 had been received for fees. In November there was one interment and no fees.

GIFT OF TREES.

The Chairman rep-or-ted-tha-t-Mr r Wright had kindly given a number of trees which had been plantel in the cemetery and greatly enhanced its appearance.

OBSTRUCTING A PUBLIC FoOTP.4TEI.

The Cleric (3dr Woodier) pointed out that a path Which entcred Richard's field had been completely closed by the introduction of some new stumps and barbed wire.—After some little discussion the matter was left over until next meeting•

===== 0002601_19011213_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR .1.011,1 T. BRUNNER'S GENEROSITY.

It was reported that Sir John T Brunner Bart., M.P., :lad forwarded to the Council two volumes, one dealing with the roads of the Honour of Halton and the other containing interesting historical facts with regard to Norton Priory. The best thanks of the Council were accorded Sir John, on the motion of Mr Hughes, secon- ded by Mr Povey.

OBILDRgN'S FANCY DRESS BALL TO BE GIVEN BY THE MAYOR AND MAYORESS OF WARRINGTON ON DECEMBER 3181.1901. J.EURKENSHAW AND SONS, COSTUMERS. 23 AND 30, COLGUITT STREET, LIVEEPOOL. BEG TO ANNOUNCE THEY HIVE ARRANGED TO HAVE ON VIEW AT PARR HALL, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 13 PROM 11 AND FROM 4 TO 8 A Choice Select' •CIIILDUEN'S F' RUITABLE PLEASE WRIT

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 13 room 11 A.M. TO 2 P.M. AND FROM 4 TO 8 P.M. A Choice Selection of .CIIILDEEN'S FANCY COSTUMES SUITABLE FOR THE ABOVE BALL. PLEAsE WRITE Poll LISTS AND QUOTATIONS.

T. JOHN'S PRESBYDERRN, CHURCH wINwiCK-sTRBBT. WARRINGTON. A SALM OF' WORK, IN AID OF CHURCH FUNDS, WILL BE HTLD IN THE SCHOOLROOM. JOHN-STRRRT, on FRIDAY and SATURDAY. DRCEMBHR 13th and 14th, 1901. TO 71 R: OPENED sir MRS. MACDONALD. OF BOWDON. AT 230 P M. ON FRIDAY, DSCRMBRR 13TH AND CONTINUED AT 6 p.m. ON SATURDAY Dh'CRML RR 14Tu ADMIBSION—FRIDAY AFTERNOON, SIXPENCE Friday and Saturday evenings, alter 6 p,ns. Threepence.

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 38, and 173, OXFORD-ROAD. and

83, FlCCALiiiir, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT, AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS

makes no bid for patronage by—JTarpness or diplo- macy, even in Plano selling. Plain, clean. honest methods are what the public "tie to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY 0:4113

PI ANo-smffif IN TMANCHESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERMS mu., ASTONISH YOU, PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS ~ Ss. Od. TILL PAID FOR. J Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wales. Return Railwa^ Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instrument's taken in exchange. YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish: I have been here 23 years, as& My goods are well known for 50 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a gool article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH, 34. 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGN : 35, hallway-road, ST. HELENS : 99, Corporation-street.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joms Witiza & Co, at The Examiner General Printing Works,: Bewsey• street, and published by them at the same place and also at The Ezaminer Office Victorfa-road,Wunexe 32, George-street, Br. HELENS and :5,1 Market-street BARLESTOWN," In the County M Lancaster and also at High o..llurcou ef,in the' County of. Chester. Dee. 13 19Q1

===== 0002601_19011213_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS DAY (FRIDAY) DECEMBER 13TH. PRESENTATION OF HE EXAMINER " LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, EIBELLISHED WITH PORTRAITS OF THE KING EDWARD VII. AND QBEEN ALEXANDRA. --- FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS. published containing Full Information correeted to the wtest date as to TOWN COUNCILS I PUBLIC OFFICES 45_06.RD5 OF GUARDIANS MINISTERS AND PLACES ...uISTRICT COUNCILS cr WORSHIP 41AGISTRATES CARRIERS, Site, FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS BUTtOOWOOO Penketla Daresbury Prescot Earlestown Runcorn Frodsharn ct. Helens Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton fttikey Lymm Thelwall Moore Warrineton Newton Winsvicir Orford Widnes Padgate Weston "THE EXAMINER " (8 PAGES, 56 COLUMNS) AND LARGE SHEET ALMANA.CK ONE PENNY. RUNCORN CYCLE PARADE AND BAND CONTEST. FINANCIAL ETATEMENT. s. 2. £ s. d. Receipts 108 17 8 Expenses 4O 10 7 Balance -- RlOB 17 3 2,113 17 8 Audited and certificd correct ERNEST W. MOORFIE Ll> WILLIAM J. HARR° P.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At leas than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Clam ARTIFICIAL TEETH -- Sets, 235. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Piatina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTEM, A HOusehold Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.: inlaid gold, 435. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says : Excellent In quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General saya Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WA:MISSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT BIITSS TURNFR'S. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 3 P.M.

ti‘lplitEG PARDON, EXCUSE lE, BUT WHERE DID-," " OH, YES ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LERCE.STREET, LIVERPOOL,' "THANK YOU."

QERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! E7ery workman should bave one of FIALIUE'S cele- brated 4s. ed. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool. QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- LY TERNS for our Celebrated 10s, 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

DRILL II kLL, B UNCO RN.--1 HE POPULAR ANNUAL CONCERT. INCLUDING THE BURLESQUE OPERETTA " CRAM; cat, THE LOCAL EXAM," WILL BE GIVEN Er THE BOYS OF VICTORIA-ROAD BOARD SCHOOL, MONDAY AND WEDNESDAY, DEC, 16TH 4/4 18111, 1901, at 7.30 p.m. 1 4ADMISSION :—Rei,erved Seats (numbered) 2s ; Front Seats, ; Second Seats, 61. (Children half-price to Reserved and 'Front Seats only). Tickets may be obtained from Teachers and Scholars. _.PrOCeeds in aid of Scholars' Prize Fund and Orphan Fund 'I the National Union of Teachers. 20TH CENTURY TEMPERANCE CRUSADE, BY THE UNITED FREE CHURCHES AND TEMPERANCE ORGANIZATIONS. COMMENCING, SUNDAY DECEMBER 15TH, IN THE MISSION HALL, B RUNSWICK-STREET, EARLESTO WN. AT 3,15 AND IN THE PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH AT 8 P.M. MONDAY TO SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16ra To 21sT, IN TOWN HALL, BARLESTOWN. SUNDAY DECEMBER 22ND IN WESLEYAN miuncii COMMENCING EACH EVENING AT 3 O'CLOCK, SPEAKER: MN. GEO. TOMLINSON, OF LEEDS. THE POPULAR TEMPERANCE ORATOR.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pro- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a rerm of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

XMAS PRESET. JEWELLERY JEWELLERY! t CHAS. WOLFS GREAT JEWELLERY DISPLAY. SvITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. ENGAGEMENT RINGS AND WEDDING RINGS A SPECIALITY. All goods ticketed in plain figures at prices which will guarantee good custom. Please view windows. CHARLES WOLF, wyouse.LE JEWELLER. SILVERSMITH, A.ND DIAMOND MERCHANT, 10, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THINK OF YOUR SOLE ad 1,.,?1 this coming winter. dive into 5. LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. and have your feet covered with a pai: cf ARTHUR EVANS' 63. so., 83. 6., Cr Twelve Bo', Boots. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVRRPOOL•

ICI_-- RE V! Cr'NTRAT4 RAILWAY RAYDOCK , I•A PARK RACES, DECEMBER 17th, AND lath. ....Ott above dates SPECIAL TRAIN to Haydoek Park "Lacecourse Station), will leave St Helens (Central) at 12 30 0 la. Haydock 12.37 p.m.—For times of return fates, &C., ate bills. ktneh te eS _r. WILLIAM POLLITT, General Manager. LONDON AND NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY „. GARSTON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCK. , pj,,4lE LONDON and NORTH-WESTERN RAIL RAY /I 4PANY, GIVE NOTICE that THURSDAY DECEM- 10q tec. 26TH, BEING A HOLIDAY under the Holiday Ra- il Bios, Act 1873, the day will be observed as a holiday at ‘ ItiTON DOCKS and WIDNES DOCK and the Quays "'la Estate. IS FRED HARRISON. General Manager. ---.2sto, Steion toneort, December 1901

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. 31ANDOLUCES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN ,MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Ohanot), RENEHAVI-STRRET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

yLLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-ST.A.MPING Ic-Similes ot Handwriting, Typewriting. pans, quan titles eze., copied and lithographed.—Baoolice AND Se, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street, Warrington.

OLD- 8 T R E E T CH WESLEYAN URCH WARRINGTON. TO-HORTIOW (SUNDAY) DRUB:ABER Milt. At 10.30—Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6.3o—Rev. W. C. J. NRVILLB. All welcome. Hymn Books provided

G. DOWLING, ESTATE. INSURANCE. COMITSWON AGENT, Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WABRINGTON. Private Aires 1; 2L Ellesmere,•ona, Stockton Heath.

NATIONAL SOCLKTV FOR THE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. A PUBLIC BALL atp OF THE AI33VE SOCIETY WILL BE REVD AT ?NZ LION HOTEL, WAERINGTON. ON TUESDAY, 1712 DECEMBER. 1901. 9 To 1.3) O'CLOCK. _ Tickets Bs. 60, each. may bs obtained froml3lessrs. R. H. Pearson and Co.. Limited, Bold-street. Warrington. A SPROML T9AIN will leave Warrington (Rank Quay) alter the concert for FRODSI4AU and NELSHY, callingat Intermediate stations. There will be a connection by this train from Frodsham to Runcorn. WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. sEcoNn 5171340R1PT10N CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL. ON MONDAY, DECEMBER 23an, 1901. RAN EL'S GRAND ORATORIO "THE MESQIAII" AR:mm.3 : SOPRANO... MISS AGNES N'tcliOLLF., CONTRALTO MISS ADA. CROSSLEY. Tztspoß. ••• cHA.RLEg SAUNDERS. Rikss MR. BANTOCK PI ERPOINT. °Holm.; AND ORCHESTRA. OF OVER ZOO PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. OROANIsT MR, W. H. PAYTON, 31tS• BAC, 44EADER OF ORCHESTRA :—MR. K. H. PEARSON. bPIHuEB OF ADMISSION : —Reserved Dress Seats. 6s. ; reerveo Centre Gallery and Second Seats,Body of Hall, 3e. ; nerved Side Gallery, 23. ; Unreservei Back Gallery, ; Unreserved Eedy of Hall or Promenade, is. Doors open 7-0 prn Concert 7-30 p.m. Carriages 10-15 Ticket-holders admitted by early door at 6.45 p.m. PL.AN of Reserved Seats will open at Messrs N.H. "ARSON'ti. Ltd.. Bold-street, to subscribers. THIS DAY kWs,TI.DIDAY) Decemter 14th and to the general public on !_tud alter WE'DNESDAY NEXT. W. REYNOLDS, W. 12. ATKINI Hon. Secs. Eon. Tress. F. J. LORD .1

WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK. CERTIFIED UNDER THE ACT OF 103. ESTABLISHED 1313 NOUCE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of TRUSTEES and MANAGERS will be held at the BANK. BUTTERMARKET-oTRICIIT, WAR- RINGTON, on TUESDAY, the 17Ta DAY of DECEMBER, 1901, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon for receiving a State- ment of the Accounts ann. the Report of the Committee of Management for the year ended 20th November, 1901. to elect a Chairman, Vic,-Chairman, anti a Committee for the ensuing year, and for any other Busine3s nlating to the Institution. Dated this 9th day of December, 1931. THOMAS TONSTALL, ileteßr”.

NATARRINGTO--N PEOPLES COLLEGE. ANNUAL CONCERT, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 19r0, 1901. PARR BALL. CHORUS OF 350 VOICES. SONGS :—NKIIONAL. PATRIOTIC. HUMOROUS, ORGANIsT,MR, W. H. PAXTON% MU& BAC. 1. PRICES OF ADMIOSTort. t Reserved Chairs, Eiody of Hall and Centre Gallery, 2s. Reserved Seats. Body of Hall and Side Gallery, Is 64. „.inreseryed Seats. Body of Hall and Gallery Corridors, Is. 51k Seats, Body of Hall and Back Gallery, 65. l;Vlf•Drime to all parts to Scholars ou Iv. Iart,YR.ETS may be obtained from MESSRS R. H. PEAR— LTD, Bold-streetl; the Teachers and Schol.rs. 1A7713:1 of Reserve i beats at Messrs Pearson's Ltd, open neaday, December 4th. ,troi ors open at 7.15 p.m., Early Doors for Ticket-holders Concert to begin at 7.30. • ALANCHESCER G ENAT SHOW OF POULTRY. PIGEORS, RA.BBITS, CATS, DAVIES AND MICE. Sr. JAMES' HALL, OXFORD-STREET. DECEMBER 2"Ah, list, and 23rd. tErzER THE PATRONAGE or H.M. THE QUEEN. UPWARDS OF 5,001 J ENTRIES. INCUBATORS ON OPERATION. COMB AND SEE THE CHICKENS HATCHING. Admission ,--FRIDAY after 1 p.m., 2s. 6d. SATURDAY MOXDAY is. all day. EXCURSION TRAINS FROM ALL PARTS.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF TOY BASSINETTES AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A. COTTERELL, BASSINETTE MANUFACTURER. BEAMONT ST. (near Infirmary;, WARRINGTON.

MORTON & SAMPSON (W. MORTON & WALTER T. SAMPSON) ARE REMOVING FROM 2. ICNUTSFORD-ROAD, TO TRINITY-BUILDINGS, CORPORATION-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CL ASSES OF !ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL W ORM

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., _DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL TO HIS ROYAL MAJESTY 'IHE WARRANT OF as 5- APPOINT bIENT .at KING. AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, tiN7A, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, GEO. WRIGHT & SON, LTD., Are one of the oldest Firms of Dyers in the Kingdom, being eatablished in MANCHESTER 1835. LIVERPOOL 1825. LONDON 1790. PRICE LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BE HAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH OFFICE, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET. Goods left with our Agent, Arthur Davidson, 61, Bridge Street, (late Lowe and Laithwaite) will receive prompt attention and be charged the same prices as at our Branch.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. D.

JOHN EMSON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, WARRINGTON. FRENCH rOLISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS, &c. FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP. WORKMEN SENT TO ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. ESTIMATES FREF.. MR. EM3oN WAS WITH MESSRS. GARNETT AND SONS FOR 33 YEARS. NOTICE OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS. RAVE REMOVED FROM CHURCH STREET TO MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. jAMEV-STREET, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC FA k EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. &O. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams :—" HOLLINGWORTII, Latchford." SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED IN 1903 EXCEEDED £450,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Plekrnere & Son Bridge-st Messrs Woods & Son. Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King•street Mr. R. Losve.l. Bank-,t,Pet. •

COUNTY OF CHESI ER. TO wir 71.-ToTicE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that tte next 11 GENERAL ‘11.7112 I' ER SESnIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CBESTER will :13a holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County,on MONDAY, the 30th day of Decemb 1901, at half-pt eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury wiil be empanneliCCl, The hearing of all appeal; arising within the Eundreds ot Brcxton, Eddifhury,Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the cheater District must be in attendance at the Castle nf Chester, at the opening, of the Court on MONDAY, the 301 h day of December, 1901, at ball-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Alourned to the Court House, Knutsford. On WEDNESDAY,the ISt day of January,l9o2, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. Th hearing ot all Appeals arising within the Hundreds ot Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners commicted from the. last-mentioned Hundreds wia take place at such Adjourned Sessions The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knut6ford District must be in attendance at the Court House, KOUtSford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the Ist day of January, 1902, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 9th December, 1901.

PAPER AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETb, TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

JOHN ASHLEY DEG To ANNOUNCE TRAP HE HAS OPENED THE PAEMInES LT FLY OCCUPIED BY MR. W. MONKS. CI, SAN'K EY STREET. WAR RINGTON. WITH AN ENTIRELY Nnw STOCK OF HIGH-CLASS PROVISIOZ:S AT POPULAR PRICES.

ET. GARNET. 8 MARBURY-STRBET, Off Kent-3treet, Latchford, Warrington. ' PAVING, TILING, AND DRAINING CONTRACTOR. ASPHALTING WALKS. szc. WORK EXECUTED ON SATISFACTORY AND REASONABLE TERMS.

kr OR T HERN CHICHI r WINTER ASSIZES. January and February, 1902. LANCASTER. The Comrniesions for holding theoe ASFiZeA will be opened at Lancaster, on Thursday, the 23rd January. The Prosecutnrs and Witnesses are required to he in attendance on Friday, the 24th January, at the sitting of the Crown Couit at 11 o'clock a m; and their attend- ance will ta. r quired on all subsequent days during ite Assizes at 10 o'clock a m, unless otherwise specially directed. MANCHESTER. The Commissirns Inc b Iding these Assizes will be opened at Manchester, on Monday. the 27:h January. The Regulations or conducting the Criminal Business wilt be publiilred in (MP time. LIVERPOOL. The Commissions tor olding nese As.izes will be opened at Liverpool, on Wedne.4clay, the 12th February, The, Regulations for conducting tto Criminal Business will be published in due time. Civit 1308iDCS3 and Bail Cases will be taken at the above ilszies. HERBERT STEPHEN, Clerk of Ass'zP. Office of Clerk of Assiz., Preston, 10th December, 1901. N B—lt is particularly requested that all Dppositicns, Inquisitions, and Recngni;ances, may be immediately forwarded to me, at Preston.

FOR FIRST-LASS REPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO W. EVANS, ,wrosics:—B&A.mona-nREET, NEAR Tai INFIRMARY (13 YEARS WITS GARNETTS). CHARGES VERY REASONABLE.

CHANGE OF ADDRESS. C. H. 1,1-ILL3 (SON OF " CHOPSTICKS") THE WELL-KNOWN WARR.INGTON HERBALIST HIS REMOVED TO 15 MILL-STREET (OFF THE FISH MARKET) IVARRIMJTON. •

A. G-. NVRAGG, 68 AND 70 W 5 AVERTREE-ROAD, EDGEFIILL, LIVERPOOL. HOUSE FURNISHER, DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS, PIANOFORTES, &c. Cash Buyers for New and Secondhand Lots of Furniture, &c. 1 GUINEAS.—WaInut-cased PIANO, by local maker, P 3 cost £36 ; iron frame, ttichord.check repeating action. full compass,panel front inlaid, sconces. in perfect condition sweet tone : tuned ,nd delivered free. A bargain.

Q 6 S. D. yardsßrussels b y 143oyradre rse,d ‘l d verv'tirhreSttly'. measures design.eciu al to new. Skin Hearthrug to match, 81 Li 6 I.6s—. ttlidveßrylazkestWmaalr::u—re nfloreprinoflaSrigJelrt.. wardrobe, with hanasome long robing mirror, with carved , panels, sevecal large drawers ;dressing table with side wings and centre dressing mirror support, with cupboards, with shield-shaped doors, with large and small drawers ; wash- stand with St. Anne's marble slab and back, with shaving mirror, all fitted with in. bevelled plates and massive solid brass bandies. towel rail and 3 chat, s ; a bargain. L' ze FEATHER 131 W, Bolster, and two S. tr'SD. Pillows in linen tick (5011;), all clean feathers,well worth twice the money. Also one for £3 185 6d. Come and see for yourself. WRAGG FOR FAIR DEALING. 219 ‘)S. solid Chippendale Mahogany DRAWINU- ROOM SUITE (solid mahogany) ; the frames are of Louis design, with cabriole lees, comprising high-low settee, pair of tub and 4 small chairs, richly upholstered with old gold silk tapestry ; a bargain seldom met with at the price,well worth 18 guiseas ; perfectly clean and the upholstery guaranteed. WRAGG, 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. kJGUINEAS.—pItorOFOraIi by German maker; iron frame, trichord, full compass, ivory keys,sweet tone. in walnut case ; just received from gentleman leAving the city. Tuned and delivered free. WRAGG FOR PIANOS. pAll-Brass nel3wl4)l) SLEI ApD per . full 81else,822—inch cent..S. than maker's price. LIST OF SECONDHAND PARLOUR SUITES—. £4 155.—PARLOUR SUITE, in leather. £5 155.—PARLOUR SUITE, in saddlebags. £4 7s. 6d.—PARLOUR SUITE, in tnpe3try.l £5 18s: bd.—PARLOUR SUIT el, in figured velvet. £lO ICB.—DINING-ROOM SUITE. in sad liebags. £6 18s. 6d.—DINING-ROOM SIVE, in leather. £5 Ss.—DRAWING ROOM SUITE, Chippendale. Come and see our bargains. WRAGG. 7O. WAVERTREE-ROAD, ravEa,ooL. g 5 I.Bs. 6D. esotidpr!.l/1. lanhs4o gcaonz couch PARLOUR Oe lf9tite3StianldTE4: small chairs, covered with hair-seating ; secondhand. 5 Very Handsome Secondhand Gilt PIER- ,, I*-; LASS, with English gold frame, in perfect _ 10 condition, 61t by 4ft 6in ; cost £l6 10s.; from-the same house as above Piano by Brinsmead. Seut to env address. 19 GUINEAS. 19 GUINEAS. We are still offering the. I est' value in Liverpool, PIANOFORTE, in walnut case, by Newskme Bros.. Gold Medallists ; gue.rantefrd from makers to be the best piano on the market by 33 per cent. ; iron frame, tricherd, check re— peating action, full compass, sweet tone, marqueterie panel, sconces ; tuned and delivered free . • well worth 35 guineas. WRAGG, 70. WAVERTRIIII-ROAD.

Parian MAR 8.1.14 CLOCK, with gilt mount- -368. C;11 ings under shade on ebonised plinth, in perfect condition, 19 inches high; a genuine seeonolaand bargain. WRA.GG. 70. WAVERTREIMZOAD.

411 liACki.--,Ax very hsnesome lCitt&ViDlUs. in LS. very suitable frames; will sell separately or in pairs. Taken from Art Gallery pictures. dL plinths. HORSES sidns • 37 S. 6D. 11?raennelneronPzaeironoefboNfnlit lft. Sin. high ; a very noble pair ; suitable for sideboard or mantel shelf. Sept to any address. 23 12s. 6n. filLEuso.`wij,'llibEevSZledDaliviieSrS Iplate- glass swing mirror; quantity of large and small drawers ; washstand with marble slab and two rows of tiles, with pedestal and towel rail attached ; a genuine bargain.

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON'. THE OLD ESTABLISHED PROVIDERS FOR SANTA CLAUS" CORDIALLY INVITE THE PUBLIC TO COME AND INSPECT THEIR GRAND DISPLAY OF CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.. FOR OLD AND YOUNG. TOYS IN ENDLESS VARIETY, DOLLS ALL AGES SIZES. AND PRICES SLEEPING DOLLS. T4LKING DOLLS, DOLLS DRESSED AND UNDRESSED AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY. IRONMONGERY DEPARIDIEST SPLENDID STOCK OF CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, &C. CRUETS AND ALL ICINGS OF ELECTED PLATE AT VERY LOWEST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, iT ORS EMARKET OTREET, WARRING TON.

R 5 10 -s. TPaiAßr illian4risoftne icantur glsrplWenadl4t shape, with bevelled mirror support, with carved supports and jewel drawers, on castors ; washstand to match, with handsome marble slab ; a bargain. R 4 los. 7s. 6d. per yard Just come to hand from a gentleman giving up housekeeping. A bargain. R8(1 10 SHERATON BEDROOM SUITE ) S. wardrobe, 41t Sin, tables, pedestal, towel rail, and cbairs, all to match ; one of the finest suites in the city ; equal to new. Cost 10 guineas. Impossible to des- cribe it, fully for want of space • 210 10 CABINET, solid 'Chippendale Mahogany $. and very pretty design, with bevelled silvered plates. unique shapes, with cupboard and plate- glass d,ors, handsomely carved, with several brackets for display o naments. A genuine Secondhand article, in per- fect condition. WRAGG. 70, WAVERTREE-ROAD. WRAGG FOR SECONDHAND PIANOS. _ L9IOSIDEBOARD, in solid walnut, large size. S. shaped front with quantity of drawers and cupboards, with cellarette ; massive bevelled silvered plates. supported with massive pillars, quantity of shelves ; no veneer, but as described. Cash returned if not worth £l6

2Q GUINHAS.—eIaNOF(JRTh, in walnutwood case. by C.l the world-renowned makers. Broadwood. White and Co., London. This instrument is perfection in every particular, beautiful burr walnut case, iron frame, patent check-repeating action, inlaid panel front, massive aconcea, seven octaveB, rich tone; and I will give warranty for 2) Years, having sold a great number of this maker's second- hand instruments, and never found ta: fall in giving every satiefection. Equal to new. Tuned an delivered free. WRAGO, WAVERTRER G -ROA. LIVERPOOL. _ A. G. IN RAGG Will BUY for CASH all. kinds of FURNITURE and PIANOS, or Exchange. Postcards will receive prompt attention. 63 AND 78, WAVERTRER-ROALL EJOEHILL, LIVERPOOL- '

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. IL °LAMP AND '1- SON, MANDFACTuRRRsOF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CAS S, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTdICASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS, 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

GEDDES D A.,N DELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnbll3. Sold by all Croaera and Druggists, in Cantatas 5d.. 10d., and is. Bd.eacb. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD V7ABRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OF WI. REILSOTON SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS, BEG TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OLTEEN STREET, EARLESTOVVN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A KOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANUINGS, WINCOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASCNABLE PRICES. ARENTs FOR ",WE'LSBACII " INCANZESLIENT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES prom.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SAIk.iKEY STREET. CHRISTMAS CAKES OF EVERY VARIETI, ICED OR PLAIN, ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM PURE AND WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS. Customers giving in Orders early, can choose their own Mottoes. LANCASHIRE CASH BAKERY CO., LTD, BRANCEE3 BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

WHAT SHALL THE GIFT BE? Only 10 days are left for you to make up your mind, and do your XMAS. SHOPPING. GIFT HUNTERS ARE ON THE ALERT. They are out in force searching for the novel, the pretty, the serviceable things. GOOD GIFTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION will be found at JAMES ATKINSON'S XMAS BAZAAR. TOYS, DOLLS. GAMES IN ENDLESS VARIETY for the Children. PRETTY ORNAMENTS, PHOTO FRAMES. WORK BOXES, LADIES' COMPANIONS, PERFUMERY, HANDKERCHIEF and GLOVE BOXES, and a host of our NOVELTIES. all suitable for the XMAS GIFT to your Adult Friends. MANY PEOPLE PREFER A USEFUL GIFT. A GOOD GIFT to give and one any lady will nriz) is a Good UMBRELLA, we have a large Stock, 4s lid, 53 11d, 73 6i, 93 63 to 183 63 each. A SEASONABLE GIFT would be a nice FUR SET (Necklet and Muff t, match), we stock these in a Variety of Furs from 7s lid to 3 Guineas. CAMBRIC AND SILK HANDKERCHIEFS, GLOVES LICE FICHUS, SILK BLOUSES, Etc., are always appreciated and useful, we have these at all prices. FOR YOUR GENTLEMEN FRIENDS, a good Silk Mufll ir, Umbrella, Gloves, Dressing CaSP, Smokers' Companion, Matchbox, are always useful, and a good selection will be found amongst our stock. DO YOU SEND PRIVATE XMAS CARDS! We have a beautiful Selection from is 65 Dozen, also a large Variety of Xmas Cards from Id each. JAMES ATKINSON, 7, 11 & 13 BRIDG-E ST/ WARRINGTON. •

W. ISHERWOOD AND Co., SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS PRESENTs. Ac., Bc., NOVELTY, VALUE, STYLE, DON'T YOU FORGET IT. SPECIAL DELIVERIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, DENT'S KID GLOVES, SUITABLE FOR USEFUL PRESENTS SILK LINED, is. il. to 53. 1.1.(1. PER PAIR. SILK LINED FABRIC FROM lOid. PER PAIR. BEST VALUE IN THE TRADE, FANCY LACE GOODS, VERY CHOICE LOT TEST TO HAND, LOVELY GOODS AT MEDIUM PRICES. INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS IN CAMBRIC, LINEN, AND SILK, ALL PRICES, VERY USEPCL PRE3ENTS. LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. THE LATEST STYLES IN SILK SLIPS, IN ALL THE LATEST TINTS Fuom 6s. lID. EACH. Special lot of ordinary WINTER SHIRTS. Perfect fit and Style from Is, Ild. to Is. lid,. all our own make, FURS BEST VALUE, LOWEST CASH PRICES, Kolinski, Bear, Sable, Martin, and all the leading Styles in Necklets and Muffs, &c. CHILDREN'S COATS AND CAPES. PINAFORES' CHILDR*IS'S MILLINERY, Special value in these goods, SEE OUR WINDOWS. Millinery , Special lines in Ladies' Trimmed Felt, and Trimmed Millinery of all I:iscriptions. See 'Windows. Novelties of all Descriptions for Christmas Presents. DRESSING CASES, CARD CASES, and Thousands of Useful Stationery and Smoking Cabinets, Cigar Cases,gArticles for Presents, American Writing Desks, Toys for the Children, Christmas Cards. SEE OUR WINDOWS AND SFIOWROOMS, FOR THE SIIA.RTEST GOODS AT THE LOWEST CASH PRICES ISHERWOOD 9 249 SANKEY ST. WARRING-TON

DAY AND EL ECTRIC LIGHT ST UDIOS, EGYPT STREET CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. MR. J. PARKINSON DESIRES TO INTIMATE THAT SITTINGS FOR PHOTOGRAPHS INTENDED TO BE SENT AS CHRISTMAS CARDS SHOULD BE GIVEN AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT. srgq.AL FOL DIN G 111( TO CARD WITH GOLD AND RED MOTTOES, PRICES 3- AND 5/. DOZEN. SPECIAL : ONE CABINET & THREE CARTES FOR 2/6. TWO CABINETS - FOR 2/6. CABINET PHOTOGRAPHS IN OVAL, CIRCULAR AND PANEL SHAPES, PRICES FROJI 6/- TO 43/. PER DOZEN.

EUSTANCE &-, Co., HAVE THE FINEST DISPLAY OF SILVER NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR XMAS AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS' RTER OFFERED IN WARRINOTON. IT COMPRISES SILVER TOILET REQUISITES OF ALL KINDS, AND A SPLENDID RANGE OF ARTISTIC NOVELTIES FOR PRESENTS AND PRIZES SUITABLE FOR ALL KINDS OF COMPETITIONS, WHIST DRIVES, Ac. E. & Co., respectfully invite intending purchasers to inspect their display irrespecti ye of purchase and guarantee the prices to be f,zod on the very lowest competitive scale. EVERY ARTICLE IS NEW AND UP-TO-DATE TELEPHONE 0459. 41 & 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE MERRIONS (WILL, HARRY AND FRED). THE MERRIEST. OF ALL ENTERTAINERS. Songs, Musiest Show. Trios, Comic Cot juring. Farces,Living Pictures.—Terms MERRIONS, Manchester, S.W.

REDUCTION INFRICE3 trOR N ANDESCENT BURNERS. ' (3 it.„1,1 DESCENT MANTLES. INCANDE S •11 CHIMNEYS. C N iesF INCANDESCENT GLOBES. ALL KINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. OF DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED CR EXCHANGED AT ADAMS 80 Sr. JAMES PLACE. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

FOR GREA.T BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, OS, PICTURE 3, &c,,,1 &C., GO TO WILLIAM TODD, 6, BERRY STRBET,(TOP BOLD bTREBT). LIVERPOOI

CYCLE INFIRMARY Is THE SHOP T 3 TAKE TOUR "BIKE" FOR REPAIR 3. NO J,B T3O SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-EUBEERED AND RE-LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. C ycles built to order from Perry's Eadi es, 8.E.A., and sNater Lee fittings, Agent for Palmer Tyres. NOTE [ADDRESS, D. 11. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

JOSEPH WOODWARD, r BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, ERWSBY-STRERT, WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually:attended to.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4553. E9TIRELTES FREE AN,' IiZANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTERS FITTINGS &c.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 12s 6d. Liverpool Agent: • It RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANE. LIVERPOOL, CLOSE TO LIME-STRERT STATION. Also WAL MAP/ WATtIHES in Gold, Silver and -filled at Lowest Prices Current.

JOHN EISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, • CABINET NIAKEI23, AND UPHOLSTfigERS. 'Mr. JOHN EDISON has been over 36 years with ,Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIViTI: ADDRESS :-19, TILYNNE-STRICET.

J. TOOLE, 2:IOHNSEN HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELtoRAms :—TOOLI3, WARRINGTON. YELEPHoNE No. 222.

KENDAL, MUNE, & CO., MA:NCI:LESTER Telegrams. " Renmil." Telephone, 1,746. BUSINESS HOURS, 8.30 to 6 (SATURDAYS 2) LETTER 1 HA.VB CA.REPUL AND EXPEDITIOUS ORDERS .1 ATTENTION. AFTER BUSINESS HOURS AND ON SUNDAYS FUNERAL ORDERS AND URGENT COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE ATTENDED TO AT Ea, ST. JOHN—STREET, DRANSGATE. IiENDAL, MILNE, & CO., MANCHESTER.

filett th 'hitt; ,tib0r,.1at.,14.6,t WHY THE RALEIGR OF.COURSH FROM W. H. BELLIAN, MAKER OF THE'ROYAL CAMBRIAN, 115 SANKEY-STREET,

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY ELLS AND TELEPHONES. ESTIM AIRS GIVEN. i 4 1 i 11 , J ilikiMl

WISE MAN BUYS WHEN • A GOOD CHANCE OFFERS. LEECH BROS. & LASH BARGAIN SALE: 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS, GENERAL AND FURNISHING IRONMONGERY, GRATES, MANTELS, RANGES, GARDEN IMPLEMENTS, ENT, TENNIS, CROQUET, ac., ac. HAMMOCKS, 20 lad 22, OLD MILLGATE, XANCHESTER, Telephone 891. (Removing to Deanegate shortly.)

RILES AND INDIGESTION CUE El> If you have PILES do not neglect and allow them to 6111111132 t) worse forma ; ibtuia zav KEUTY'S CURB Is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, outwards end bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to dleappear like magio. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion Sold by all Chemists in bott,es Is. lid Post paid from ICELTTY AND CO. HALIFAX. -

did

49 DEVONSHIRE-ROAD, PRINCE'S PARK, LIVER- ad, POOL. Private Boarding Hattie for limited number ;Near Parks and Electric Cars; late dinner ; terms moderate. Apply Miss STEWART.

EDGAR V. MORTON, PAWNBROKER AND JEWELLER, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. 18s. 6D.PAIR ovifoori:betMcir.Ll:HOßSES. Large izeon£l. SS. OD. HANDSOME BRASS CURB. Hs. 6D. T,c,s,ipxast.ch above, Set of FIRE BA £2 15,. OD. ELEIIT.R7KD rla wTe rCs Hb 2 inch Top, with Ciallery and 4 Bmall Drawers. pi. 54. OD. vvGAE,,NCIH'S.KiNupTeLriBorSSnaWakeA.LT,HtrAonNgI liver eases, Government stamped. £2 173. 6D. l'Arifalrgii nLong GOLD GUARD, 18s. 6D, lllAD'SanScemall Size GOLD WAICH. are Ch 22 17s. 60. AGELTu'i sta9mpeccia on t every GOLDL EDGAR V. MORTON BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON,

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORIH WALES. R HOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-ON SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea. Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery ; water 'apply and sanitation perfe3t ; elegant apartments; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent eiolt Links by the sea within mile. High-class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Taliff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR XIOTEL, GLASGOW,) Christmas Parties now forming.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATIS HILL, ALSO AT 70 It 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COSIvORTS, CLEANLLNESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. QOUTHPORT.—SIINNYSIDE HYDRO, PhyMelan Dr BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Barks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day. including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCIOCK, Proprietor. OOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY CLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

j AMES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL, PROSPECTUSES of the SAND FORK PETROLEUM CO., United Sbttes of America, paying 12 per cent, will be sent post free on application.

10p LA CKPOOL —LOOK-UP SHOP; suit grocer, confec- -1) tioner ; fixtures and rent free till March ; £l2. CiOSIXFUILLL General-street, N.S. - ON SALL oldest established BLACKSMITH'S SHOP In Oldham ; doing nest trade in town ; good reasons fer leaving.-58, CHADDERToN-ROAD, Oldham.

—GENT'S Hall-marked Sliver Curbed Albert, every Ul link stamped.—J. C. Cox, Holbeacn. 30 CHRISTMAS CAROLS, music and words, post free, 44.-WARD, 137. Attercliffe Common, Slieffleld.

ITHIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPOBT.—A most succes ful Boarding School for Boys. T IBKERwooD, LL D., D.C,L.

- - QAFE, 30x20i2),fiCeprooi, cost ; accept ES ms cast.— LEVI'S tjAFE CO., 105 Frederick-street, Sunderland, BEAUTIF CI, Devonshire Rockery Ferns. mixed varieffej: u 0 tor 25, backed, sent free.—liaatats, Darrant, Bide- ford. I ADIRS' 9ct. GOLD WATCH AND ALBRRT, £3 .1.1 splendid bargain —G. E, FoWLLs, 83, Durham-road Birmingham.

MR. C. H. DAWSON, PRoFESSOR OF MUSIC, .1,1. prepares students for examination in Pianoforte,Orgatf, Theory and Harmony. including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse. 65, tdASICET-BTREET, Eariestown. and at 28, ARTHUT-BTBEET, Warrington.

TR. R. Tak BOOTHROYD, M.1.U.51., Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO. AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUBZ-STRIMIT,

FR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.31., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of Rt. Paul's Church PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUbICAL FOlat. Upwards of WO Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LL, Warrington.

L'UAISCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 4e. Pint The NEXT TERM BEGINS TUE4DAY, JAN. 14Tn, 1932, Entrance Examination Monday, January 13th, 1902, at 9 a m., when the High Master attends to see parents. Prospectuses,furms of application Ac may be bad at School. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

LEN MURRAY blend old Scotch, distilled blended and bottled heart of Scottish Hlgblands, 40s doz. carriage paid.—MUBRAY, Scotch ,Whisky Merchant; Inverkip, boot and.

D HEUMATIC AND GOUT PASTE —lnward and Out- Ili ward Remedy for Piles. Successfully used In my own practice. Is 2d each, post free.—Ur. HIRST, Thornton-road, Bradford.

PRERDRR and EXHIBITOR of high-class NORWICH CANaRIRS. colour fed. from Ins to 30s a pair. Three Gaya approval.—A. PABKINGTON, 11 East-street, Witton, Blackburn.

UOUNTAIN PENS. smart and reliable, suitable for Xmas presents. usual price, 21. 6d. ; special offer at Is. 9d., post tree.—The ALIA, RITE PEN Co., 46, Cowcross•st.eet, London, B.C.

00K l-4,000 Paire of New Military Bluchers ; very beet lestter soles ; Will send one pair. any size, post free for 5e 6d per pair; money returned if not approved of. H J GASSON, Government Lontractor, Rye.

PENKETH.—Cottasres 4s Od.. 3s. 9d. aud 20. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s. 3d Apply hoitzaT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Eank-stroet War' eington. Telephone—No 55.

SUIIGIOAL APPLIANCES.—A new Illustrated List forwarded on receipt of stamped envelope. Quality highest, prices lowest. Testimonials from all parts.—M. DUPRE. 38 broke-road, Dalton, London, A.B.

N NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse .1.1 Nets, Goal Nets, sparrow nets, Tennis Nets and barna Nets of every description. Themes Jonxsors, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

ritLACKPOOL B.B.—At low valuation, Good COMPANY HOUTB ; near sea and trams; present occupier retiring —9. TRAFALGAR-ROAD.

Aa EACH. Why pay more? Old shirts refitted, fronts i cuffs, neck bands ; best quality, undressed. Advice —.Enough expense on old shirts.'—Tote the addressarromes WATERS, Manufacturer, 12 Howard-street, Belfast.

DBGAWAY. The Parlour Game of the season ; very ex 1 citing and easily learned ; suits young or old. Every home should have it for the long winter evenings. Post ;ree, is.—W. Sear.mr, 9 Vernon-place. Loudon, W.C. A. GOOD XMAS PRBSBNT.-3 dozen 1 lb finest Jams carriage paid for .£l. Strawberry, Raspberry, Black Currant. Au , made from selected Scotch fruit, and pure cane sugar onIy.—MIDLOTHIAN FRUIT PRESERVIII4 CO. din- burgh.

TRIUMPH CYCLES £lO 10s. OD. AN, £l5 15s. OD SOLE.DISTRICT AGENTh HITCHING L mITED, 74 BOLD ,STREET LIVERPOOL. CASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. LISTS AND PARTICULARS FREE BY POST.

tiOR SALE by PRIVATE TREATY, THREE SEMI- S.: DETACHED VILLAS in Victoria-road, Stockton Heath, containing 5 bedrooms, boxroom, cellar, bath, lavatory, dc.—Apply HARRY FAIRCLORIDI, Builder, Howley, Warrington.

CIIIiISTMAS CARDS.—Private Christmas Cards. newest designs. beautifully printed, with greeting and name and address of sender, from 2s. 6d. per dozen, including envelopes ; send for sample book (post free).—GEORGE OVER, Rugby Press, Rugby.

ROT WATER INSTANTLY NICIHT OR DAY. Hot bath for ;3. in 5 minute., boiling water in 1 minute hWART'S LIGHTNING " GNICSNHS. For Gas or Oil Always in action at 346, Huston-road, London, N.W. Illus- trated catalogue, Section 21, post free.

HARE)? BROS. AND COMPANY PEWTERERS AND COMPLETR BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLEsS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES. COUNTERS AND SEATING.

RHEUMATISM AND PARALYSIS.—Their complete home cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free o 2 receipt of post- card. Address :—PUBLIFRIENS, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints, Manchester.

UREH.—A Lady or Gent's Silver Watch can be obtained absolutely free of cost ; this is a genuine offer ; no jewellery to sell.—Write for particul,re, and mimosa stamped addressed envelope. to MANAGER, Free Watch Supply Co., 74 Denton-road, Hornsey, London.

"THE VOLUNTEER SERVICE COMPANY I. (IST SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT) IN SOUTH AFRICA," COMPILED BY CAPTAIN APPLETON (Officer Commanding). TWO HUNDRED PAGES OF INTERESTING ARTICLES. RICRLY ILLUSTRATED. Price : 32. 6d. halt French Morocco, ss. Postage, 4d. extra. Orders, with remittance, to Capt. Appleton, " Guardian " Office, Warrington ; Lieut. Lewis, Ditton Lodge, Widnes ; Sergt. A. W. Dutton. Cowlay Hill, St. Helens. Publishers; MACKIE AND CO., LTD. " Guardian Office, Warriugtm.

(Li UN.—Finely finished 12 bore double BRRECH-LOADBR Ipnrgoval.—A locks," walnut pistol .T . 7aatts, 48, top lever, central fire, left choke, improve extension riitboc,k,"nriewice,lygooaddjkuisitieedr. 4.. rebound.p Devonshire-street, Bloomsbury, London,

BRACE PURE BRED SUSSEX SPANIELS golden liver, 5 Months. both retrieve Dog 305., Bitch 20s, also 12 bore gun by Ritcharde. Powells' patent action wood covered bar locks lbs weight. this is a very best gun coot £4O. Price £7.—LEE, 105, Lark•lane, Liverpool.

VALUABLE VIOLIN.—Must sell; lovely old model V property late sole Violinist ; rnagni9cent rich sew tone, labelled Stradivarius Cremona, 1690, perfect preserva- tion; splendid Dod model bow ; superior loek_up case, worth £7; cash needed, sacrifice, 17s 6d ; being genuine, approval before payment.—Mrs. TYLER, 8 linfield Place, Exbridge.

f YRES 1 TYRES ! 1 TYRES ! ! DETACHABLE BON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest. simplest and best cover in the trade; lks 6d each. 014 outer covers re-rnbbered with best rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Beet price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & CO., LTD.' INDIARUBBEE MANUFACTURERS. Z. BEURSWICE-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

91HE " SIXTY-MINUTE" WORM CURE FOR COOS. .1 A safe and certain cure in capsule form ; one size for dogs and one for puppies an d small breeds. The 'Farmer and Stockbreeder," London, says : They are a thorough and reliable cure for worms in dogs." They are a tonic to the dog and certain death to the worms ; state breed ; free, is Ohymist, Castle Douglas, N.B.

litorttp. 2150,000 AorT flnirtgloperorcretpoteqtbeofAlleveageld sums to suit borrowers. In any part of the country.—J. W. READItIi, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, .C5O, £lOO. IN_DVAINCES MALE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on sour simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. H. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. 11001) WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MERbEI STREET WARRINGTON THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PEEPAI.F...O To advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and others on reason- able Lerma. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINA-RY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATLENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his bnsiness UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

iflarDuita, etc. frif_crAss GAS ENGINES; new design ; latest im- provements. Sizes in stock, one to thirteen brake horse power.—ELIJAH ASHWORTH, Collyhurst, Manchester.

FO It SALII. cheap four ton iron JIB CRAB suitable for contractors yard, foundry or quarry; eight horse vertical eogine,also twelve horse horizultal engine and boiler complete; good order; lying near Warrington.—CuLsnew, Tulketh-brow, Preston.

pATENT OF FIC 14- MANCHESTER , RaTABLLSIIED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossesspraeticalknowledge of the ootton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6cl. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A.. M.S.A. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

THE STRIKING SUCCESS WHICH HAS ALL ALONG ATTENDED THE EFFORTS OF BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS TO SUPPLY THE BEST AND PUREST OF DRUGS AT ABOUT HALF THE PRICES USALLY CHARGED BY ORDINARY CHEMISTS, His INDUCED THEM TO ADD A STATIONERY DEPARTMENT TO THEIR BUSI- NESS AT 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOOTS STATIONERY DEPARTMENT, AT 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, CONTAINS ALL THE LATEST, BEST, AND MOST UP-TO-DATE STATIONERY IT IS POSSIBLE TO BUY. STATIONERY OF ALL KINDS, NOTEPAPER, ENVELOPES, ACCOUNT BOOKS, NOTE BOOKS, EXERCISE BOOKS, PENS, PENCILS, INKS. &c., &c.. AT PRICES which will astonish the people of Warrington. First in the Chemists' business, we are als) far away and ahead in the Stationery trade. We buy direct from the manufacturer and sell direct to the public. Hence we are enabled to give the pablic the middleman's profit. Owing to the very large output we have at our numerous branches. BOOTS can OFFER ADVANTAGES BOTH IN PRICE AND QUALITY WHICH CANSOT BE OBTAINED FROM ANY OTHER FIRM. A CORDIAL INVITATION IS GIVEN TO ALL TO COME AND LOOK ROUND THE SHOP. CIRCULATING LIBRARY. A GOOD LIBRARY HAS ALSO BEEN STARTED, which will, we hope, prove very enter- taining to our numerous customers in Warrington. All the newest books will be addel. SUBSCRIPTION FOR ONE VOLUME AT A TIME: 23. 6d. MoNnEff, Gs. for Six Months, 10s. 6d. Yearly. • OUR ADDRESS IS— BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS AND STATIONERS, 5 ,BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, JESSE BOOT, Managing Director, Boots Cash Chemists (Lancashire) Ltd., Proprietors. Head Offices—NOTTINGHAM.

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED _ .LAUNDRY & DAIRY inACHINERY OVER 450 GOLD & SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. " VOWEL" WASHING, WRINGING, & MANGLING MACHINES. LAUNDRY REQUISITES. " DIAPHRAGM" CHURNS. BUTTLII WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142. Eih Holborn, London; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue. Manchester ; Crescent Iron Wnrks. Salford.

TO EFFECT GREAT SAVING FURNISH AT PITTS'S, LONDON - ROAD, MANCEILSTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch) ; ALSO AT pITTS'S PANTHEON, GAY T HORN 9(Just past Blanchester Central Station). PATRONISED LsY ROYALTY, NOBILITY ETC. PITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 22L 281, 314. 50, 75, 100. 203, up to 1,000 guineas, have been pronounced by practical people the PINNACLE OF PERFECTION. Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, their beauty and value are apparent te casual inspection, which closer examination and wear only confirm. Full particulars and BIKW ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs. priced 50 per cent below elsewhere, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent. extra. PITTS'S DISPLAY OF BARGAINS is certainly unequalled In the provinces. The following are a fair sample, all in really excellent condition : HALL FURNITURE, consists of Mahogany Hatstand, two Chairs, Bide Table, Linoleum, two Wool Rugs, three Cocoa Mats, Stair and Lobby Carpets ; lot cost £24l for £ll. DINING-ROOM.—Grand Suite, American Walnut, 9 pieces, upholstered in first-class manner, and covered with real Morocco leather, cost £47. for £22, Dining Table to match, massive and bold • cost £7 165.. for £3 Ws Magnifi- cent Sideboard, really worth £5O, for £2l. Table for window recess ; cost £5, for i£2 10$. Overmantel, cost £6, for £3. Real five-frame Brussels Carpet. cost £9. for £4. Real Skin Rug for 21s. Bronze Timepiece aad Figures. £4 45 ; cost double. Brass Fenders. fire Brasses, Fire Dogs ; cost £5. tor £2ss. Two Vases, 355. Coal Vase, Its. 63. ra. Music Cabinet.£2. Card DRAWING-ROOM —Exquisite Suite, Ohiprendale, nine ftapestry,o cost £5O fdr £2O. Inlaid Table. £1 is. Overmantel, cost £7, for £3 3s, Velvet Pile Table to to covered mato cio n stri£h4o. Carpet, £3 103 ; cost double. Skin Rugs. 14s and Is. Brass Fender and F.re Brasses, cost £5. for £.2 Is. Tiled Hearth, fitted complete. MORNING-ROOM in real sad lie-bags, mounted with rich Utrecht velvet, comprises luxurious Couch, Easy Chairs, and Set of Small Chairs, Extending Table, Chiffonier. Over- mantel, Carpet, Fender, Brasses, complete ; cost £55, for £23. BESP BEDROOMS.—.plendid Suite in American Walnut, large Wardrobe, Develled plate-glass, exceptional conveni- ences ; large Dressing Table, with bevelled plate ; Wash- stand, with marble top ; Pedestal, and tone Chahs ; cost £75, for £35. Massive All-brass Bedstead, with spring mattress, new bed, bolster, and pillows ; cost £l6, for £lO 10s. Toilet Service, lbs 63. Carpet, Hearthrug, and Fender cost £5, for 559. THREE OTHER BEDROOMS similarly famished in Ch.ppendale, Mahogany, Satin Walnut and Decorated; allao KITCHEN FURNITURE complete, PITTS'S POPULAR :PlANOS.—Magnificent Dis- play of NEW INSTRUMENTS by best makers fully guaranteed at CONSIDERABLY :UNDER USUAL PRICES. Also SECOND-RANO PIANOS in good condition Clearance imperative ; no reasonable over refused. PITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BED DlNG.—Largest and best selections, being clearei out at giving away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them and rue after. PITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERERS. —Grand display. All British makes, Choice de- signs, many of which exclusive, exquisitely blended colourings. Talc; and Fitted Free of Charge. -PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSIN ETTES, 1 MAIL CARTS. Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware: Tablelßilliar..ll, Bagatelle. MagniEcent selection. Astound- ing Value. QAMUEL PITT S, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick, and Longsight Cars), GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass door). Established 185. national Telephone 1124.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON, MARKETS. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the MARKETS will be OPEN on TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24Trt, in lieu of Wed- nesday. the 25th, and on TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31ST, Instead of Wednesday, January Ist. Lated this 6th day of December, 1901. J LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

WANTED YOKED- PERSON, 18 to 2) for dining room, kitchen and bakehouee : lire : good home.-10, LITTLE UNDERBANK, Stockoort.

WASTED, good GEVERAL SERVANT, age about 25, an early riser. Must have good references.—Mrs BAGULEY, Mathieson's Works, Widnes. WANTED COOK-GENERAL, small family, nurse and washerwoman kept, reference required. —Address Mrs WHALLEY, Hock Mount Blackburn.

8 WONDERFUL WATCH." 50. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE stLviiri ENiiLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG. CHAIN on FUSER. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to tit fiat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona- 13de Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with etch watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BIiSTANCH AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free tc 11 parts ot the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

WVANTED, UNDER HOUSEMAID, age about 16,Church of England preferred; good references required.— Apply E. McKENzIE. at. Bold-street, Warrington.

WTANTED Immediately Good GENERAL for small family. Comfortable home arid good wages to capable person, Half-an-hour rail from Birkenhead.—Mrs KELLY. Crosby House, Parkgate Cheshire.

CONFECTIONERY, &c.—For sale, High-class Contec- tionery land Potted Meat Business ; put up in glass dishes, 63 each; good, sound trade; seaside ; main road ; electric trams; new promenade; potted meat pays all expenses ; if sold at once will take £l3O ; al/ recipes given and every information ; good reasons for leaving.-72. BRIGHTON,•STREET, Beacombe, Cheshire.

HENRY MILLING AND COMPANY, LIMITED, ARE NOW OFFERING A SPLENDID SELECTION OF GROCERIES, PROVISIONS, AND CHRISTMAS SPECIALITIES, OF THE FINEST QUALITY AT LOWEST PRICES. ' 5, HORSEMARKET ST., AND CORPORA.TION ST., WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. XMAS RICHARD JEFFREYS XMAS PRESENTS. PRESENTS. 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, kc. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIOXOEMAPRE for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Cordes of Pictures in the Continental Giallerteß

A GENTLE REMINDER. THE M C D HAVE SERVED YOU LONG AND WELL AND RESPEC,TFULLY REQUEST A CONTINUANCE OF YOUR PATRONAGE. • EXCEPTIONAL VALUE IN OVERCOATS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES FOR MEN, YOUTHS AND BOYS. READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, IEORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVBRSMITES, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS GOLD AND SILVER WAIC rms. (Er ALL THE LEADING MAKER!) SOLID SILVER) ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old 'Vold and Silver Antiques. Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. MoLey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, de., to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

FOR XMAS PRESENTS OR GENERAL FURNISHING . AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES 314.10 E A POINT OF VISITING THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES- / 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, THE LOW PRICES WILL ENSURE AN IMPORTANT SAVING. ALL PURCHASES OF 403. DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED XMAS AND OTHER CATALOGUES.

ASS YOUR STATIONER FOR _ . MORRELL'S INKS. • .• (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE) TO BE HAD WHOLFBALE FROM SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

XMAS PRESENTS AND CARDS. W. HODGRINSON LTD., RAVE A SPLENDID SHDW OF THE DAINTIEST, THE PRETTIEST AND MOST 'USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR XMAS PRESENTS, Also A MDST EXCLUSIVE STOCK OP XMAS CARDS, IN ENTIRELY NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, AT MOST MODERATE PRICES. FURNISHING DEPARTMENT. W. HODGKINSON, LTD., have found it necessary to enlarge this most important department and have • OPENED THE PREVISES No. 42, BRIDGE-STREET, AS A DEPARTMENT EXCLUSIVELY FOR FURNISHING GOODS, CARPETS, RUGS, LINGLEUMS, BLINDS, ART SERGE, TAPESTRY GOODS, FRINGES, BAMBOO AND WICKER FURNITURE, AND EVERY REQUISITE FOR COMPLETE HOUSEHOLD FURNISHING. W• HODGKINSON, LTD. 42, 46, AND 48, BRIDGE STREET,

DR. J. COLLIS BROW'S OHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENHINR. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to, be the most wonderfulosnd valuable remedy ever dls. covered. CHLORODYNE is tbe beet remedy known for / Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. eiIthORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever. Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhces and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. pHLOItODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis. &c. From Dr. B. J. RoULTON IND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Sedgy tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrits- lion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It indwell a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses . this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physician* that he received a despatch from her Majesty's t;onsul Manila to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CRLORO- DINE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUIION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA' TIONB. cAtmos.—Vice-Chancenor str W. P.ots Woon stated Das* Dr. J. CoLLIS BRoWNE was,, anloubtedly, the inventor cl "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defertdan FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say Lad been sworn to.—Seo :inter, 13th July. 1864. Sold in bottles at is. 114., Is. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None!! genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNS' CH LORODYN "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm', ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON! TO UPHOLSTERERS, &c. The WATCH COMMITTEE of the Council of the Borough. of Warrington is PREPARED TO RECEIVE TENDER: for covering the Ploora of the New Police Courts with Cur' Carpet, and the providing of Sun Blinds. All further information may be obtained at the office °4 the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after TUESBI4' next, the 10th instant, at which place tenders must b° delivered before 12 o'clock on THURSDAY, the 19th day °I DECEMBER, 1901. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONODIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office, Dec. 6th, 193'

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. The Newest and Most Elegant Designs in GOLD and GEM JsvvELLNRY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRESTWORTHY TIMEKEEPERS. SIT., 'VIM JOYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men, £2 ss, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MAN CI:LESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830. CI Ri 7 1 • tt tt Cl 11 oi !,11 in or is Bc tE CO A tl tl tl 0: a a or IT Oi • :1 a a

TOWLE'S 0 HLORODYN E Renowned for COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S UHLORODY NE Asthma, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE 24 dSorg'r 2s. TOWLE'S CHLORODY NE ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TA.KE NO OTHER.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURE INDIGESTION AND W IND CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS CURB LOSS OF APPETITE. CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS. CURE ALL DISORDERS OF TUE B COD, CURB LASSITUDE AND NERVOUSNESS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepired only toy W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON. W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the right tning, which 12 tyrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

THE Buneorn Examine-, published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and Oilers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rrHE TVidnos Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming D important centre of industry. frHE Warrington and MI/-Cheshire Examiner. pub -1- tithed every Saturday morning. rrriE Earlestown and Newton .Examiner, published A_ every Friday afternoon. St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday .41 afternoon. ' THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES One Three Six Worcle. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 28 27 as 46 54

PRESENTATION OF' "THE EXAMINER" LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, EMBELLISHED WITH PORTRAITS OF THE KING EDWARD VII. AND QUEEN ALEXANDRA. 1,4 FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS. republished containing Full Information correatel 0 the test elate as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUARDIANS nuNisißas AND PLACES DISTRICT COUNCILS OF WORSHIP MAGInTRA'FES CARRIERS, &c. FJE THE FoLtowiNa DI.9.TRICTS BOrtOIIWOOd Penketh Daresbury Preecot Earlestown Runcorn Frodsham St Helens Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton bankey Lymm Thelwall Moore Warrington Newton - Winwick Orford Widnes Padgate Weston "THE EXAMINER " (8 PAGES, 56 CoLumNs) AND LARGE SHEET ALMANACK ONE PENNY.

SCOTCH & IRISH WHISKY. 2/6 PER INIPERIAL QUART. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE. PORT WINE from Is nut IMPERIAL QUART. Bottles included in all the above prices. FULTON RIOS., WINE MERCHANTS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. (2 Minutes from Central Station).

YOU CAN'T JUDGE CIGARS BY THE PICTURE ON THE BOX, BUT ONE TRILL WILL CONVINCE YOU OF THE MARVELLOUS VALUE OF ALF. TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS, 65, KORSEMARKET-STRRRT, WARRINGTON. Boors FOR ALL THE FAMILY. SUPPORT YOUR OWN TOWNSMAN.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. FOOTENLLERS will be glad to know that the world-famed manufacturers. Gee. G. Bassey & Co., of London, turn out balls. which for quality, uniformity. and duratilitv are unique. These balls will be distinguish -d by the appearance thereon of their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports De,i.ler for G. G 11. & Co.'s Price List, If not procurable, apply to 35 and 38, Queen Victoria Street, London. Factory —Pe ikham. S.S. (1.)

_ dare-Ago& a. 4 h Wrirargifirral IP i - ;La . •e:. , ;7. --,4 _Li,. Arty Color, IVIli /111 I_, , - :F Pattern; aI; - a • ~• -•-..„-,. or Size. ............ ........ —. ......... Flannelette, 2/3, :en/. doz. ; Matting Cloth, 2, Eli SW. doz.; Untearable. 3/6, 40/. dozen. Shill Guards ---- KINKER& i White-1/4 I" ,\ i (ALL LEATU .ER) . . 2/0, 318 ye; pair , 19,1 d, 1;0, 1/11, . Navy-1,0,2/0,3/8 2/6, 2/11. . ' '"‘ 416, 5/8 per pair ---T.< CHILI:MAL • ,_ ~ Ihe For ~.. ward' , ...c. "The SCOT" ' V , / ' y 6/ , 9,6. Cmtoms. The Narrel same % „......,:__2., eyes UN& - pattern brev.ns/- ~..,_...._ ro °Tam PATTERNS AND QUALITiES, SEX CATALOO97.

1 King 2 League . Sits 3 Centre Half 7/6 4 Klynker . 6/11 5 5 Shuteezi 5/.,

.0-GuE YeSU GG La 0 FREE . RD ST LIVERPOOL

The Greatest of all Tonics. 2.;i:Vgieg4te, • • Is the most powerful Nerve and recuperative Tonic known. It removes Mental Depression, want of Tone and Nerve Power. It has remarkable, Health-giving, Strength-giving, Energising, and Rejuvenating properties. It is an unfailing remedy for Neuralgia, Nervous Dyspepsiee, Anaemia, Brain-fag, Depression, Impoverished Blood, Rheu- matism, Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Influenza, Nervous Head- aches, Debility, and all disorders consequent upon a reduced state of the nervous system. No other Medicine has received such absolute proof of its extraordinary properties in restoring Shattered Constitutions, and in giving back to the prematurely aged New Life and Energy. ROYAL Cs DS. • Phosferine enjoys the distinguished honour of haying been supplied by commands to MEMBERS OF THE BRITISH ROYAL .FAMILY. H.I.M. the Empress of Russia. 11.1. H. the Gland Duchess Olga of Russia. H.M. the King of Greece. H.R.H. the Crown Princess of Roumania. H.M. the Queen of Roumania. MLR the Grand Duchess Serge or Russia. H.I.M. the Dowager Empress of Russia. H.R.H. the Grand Duchess of lies . H.S.I-1. the Hereditary Princess of Lei ninien 11.1. H. the Grand Duchess Xenia of r And the principal Royalty and Aristocracy throughout the World. Proprietors. ASHTON and PARSONS, Ltd., 17, Fatringdon Road, London, E.C. Bottles, ijik, 2/9, and 4/6. Post free. 1/3, 3/-and 4f9. Sold by all Chemists,Stores,&c. The 2/9 size contains nearly four times the size.

STOCKTON HEATH. -- STOCKTON HEATH AND THE CORPORATION TRAM WAY PROPOSALS. .At the meeting of the Stockton Heath Parish Council on Tuesday last week the Corporation Tra m way proposals were considered and on the proposition of Mr. Pemberton it was decided " that the Corporation be asked to supply plans on a larger scale, with the proposed width of the roads marked on them, and further that they supply any further information which may be desired by the Parish Council." It was agreed that a deputation wait upon the Clerk of the Cheshire County Council with a view of obtaining the views of that Council upon the matter. The following resolution was also passed :—" That this Council heartily support the Warrington Corporatio bringing their tram. ways into Stockton Heath upon equitable terms and conditions to the inhabitants of the district..'

~ , .... DON'T COUCH USE .. ... 41' [(EATING'S LOZENGES, ...' r; 3 ‘.4 FOR YOUR COUCH. r. ' OA ANT DOCTOR WILL TRLT, YOU, "there .:41, 0 or in no better Cough Medicine—One gives relief: if you suffer from cough try them , but once; they n tit cure, and they ir al !. • .4;.? Ph not injure your health; all Increasing sale of over 80 years is a certain feet of their value. Sold in 130. tins. ','''' '. '., , . .', : . '... ' ',. •' ~ ' '',/,'",.-,'1;:,,..;;., ':',. , ,

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND le TowLE,s P EaN NsYTREOEYLAL PILLS FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1tli& 29 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any. where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE lt Co., GO, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Ihnsare of Imitations, injurious ond wort Mess.

Is a wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HAR S. Sof- a le es tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow Wish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION* HPatIP3 T AWASDS. t • 0 Tins ad.. 6d., P. Zir>a 6 of Boot 11 in&C. Mannfvcory East Duiwicli, „

,F,' • e- ,-.:';.' ''i, :4-$A j] .fl!. ~ I 1 '5.,, 1:: L q: r 4 ~ if ' ;i. •.A ,4,,,,t,,,,,t,(.„-., t.,',^9,'.fr, —,-;'".. .4 ' ' '!'4,-,seyv,,e, , :I SPECIAL OFFER! t..f li 111.. SIZED BLAN [TS,. 7 t ~ gill 7 lbs. Weight. 0/11 2 a CARRIAGE PAID. •1 H. 'WORDY, Manufacturer, LEEDS. ' ;

MERRYWEATTHEa ON FIRE PROTECTION AND .WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, gio. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. NERRYVIEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

e 12.1' arve- CURES when all other Remedies tail. IT ACTS !LIKE MAGIC CELIEVINO ALL PAIN AN9;THROBINOIAM3 SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. it Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it, Boxea, Hi. of all Chemists. EETHAM & SON. Chemists. CHELTENHAM

HAVE you A BAD LEG With Wounds that dischaf ge or otherwise. Periatils surrounded with inflammation and sroollen,that when you press year finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering tiM death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, it cal-owed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. 'Yon may have attended various hospitals and Lad medical advice and been told your case is hopeless. or advised to submit to amputation: but no not, for p ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have fa:led. 3is no mason I should. Send all once a Postal Order for is. fd. to IL W. ALBERT, 73; Parringdon-stre et, London, and you will receive a 'box of Gra,sshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, tf ousemaid's Knee,, Ulcerated .1 °int s, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands. and; Bunions. ißegisteredeopiright.i - -

WATCH & CHAIN FOC ONE DAY'S WORK. ~. AIL Boys siAd Girls can get a NICKEL- PLATIAO WATCH, alzo a CHAIN and CH ARM, for selling l dozen packages of A 331.1.11 NE at Firepenee each. Semi your , full address including named f County. hy return mail, and we will forward the Bluine --‘,--- i•ost paid, and a large preminm list. No money required. BLUING Co. (Department FIJ. 241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London. ELM:.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. TIIER A PIOiN. This successful and highly popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals b 5 Ricord Rostan,Jobert. Velpeau, and others. surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tin..., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1.2. and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for: pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.O

cAsk your grocer for i r ! dr:- vs.,' ..1 .v. 'O. ri.f,"vT-- -.; .1' .',75, ''l4- .:., , Al .',:. , '::',„ ~;':;,. :5 ::::0.?:.,,,,.,,,,,..1.., ... 4.,' 5; 4,, :, t?! ',', 10 :—, ,r,:',y.,, 4,,, " ,Vi. -, 1 .5, '0 A. t i.. Z tV ~:•Sik, At.44',14...;44',. "...:,,.::;:e.i'o',Yfol. lb . " E p)11t11 1133 l'ir R' e tt " ri.......-0, ......, .....)__, .--.1 The RI re The (heapes? t.:11.524,, ~:•?, -,. ::::„..! ..t.'>'.l''''' $ and the beit. ; • c______ I : A CUP OR A GAI,LON , CAN DE MADE AS REQUIRED. v-flifit,j4 ~, 4 ;$ vtY,4.-1!,11..740t,:i,,,,,,74,-, !lion-

-530.1.4 -.03;50, GOUT X"' X Xi IA FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM SCIA 110 A, LUMBAGO. The excruciating Pain is quickly reliet ed. Sure, Sale effective. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. ancl2s 9d.

THE WANT OF THE DA'ii MAKES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW. . THE GREATEST C R I 'T C 11 L Ey s ffer ed BOON the L aeuvg anircvl toe:sys 41c:p 1,, finish to Starched . '....... ~ .... , Linen. Laces, etc. & w . ..5.,:, . , , does not stick to spider- si':** ...'.' ;...; •. ; web - like materials. A Roit.c jos? ) ,Oinrld d. tBd ailnwz: ~ , , l!it Aq 4 ..4 4. , . Royal Laundries. Should be used in house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, at and 6d. Prepared only T. CRITCHLEY, 4 Blackburn. _ speosposeresPessaspeseresesaarwee.e~.......43 lIREM I ER,, CYCLES 1 3 SPECIALITY—H EL:ICM. TUBE. i 1 Premier in name and premier in renutati 1 over sill. OyCIC9 I first were manufactured. Descriptive List Free: Easy Terms : I WORKS—COVENTRY. NlAOlPOReg.Ml~ol6o.oo4sOtaffVuOMOtardvxraAnwasortrtemalm•oa

59;lin ga..N aDans,peesei aala cc; ((pre es2Oiss. 3710 protl:t I)fer:t M C e wholesale Catalogue PRI.—ROTTERs, Publishers (Dept. T) Moorland-road, Leeds.

ktil: .y PHONOGRAPHS, Oraphophones,Giramophonea, \ Zonophones. Cash or instalments. Accessories and Machine Parts. Records exchanged. Write for full particulars and IiSte.—ALETROPOLITA NI TALKING MACHINE COMPANY,IO6, Tznner-street,London,S.E

VEILS Direct from Paris; Latest Novel- ties, 6d., 9d. and 1/- each. MADAME 'WILDER, 11 Broughton Street, Beeston, Notts.

1,.,.•:'.'.: .• 45 Y 0 tis,. PROVEN • , ,f 7 ,1-',:l.kyrAtka 4b--- -,.. -- ---, .. . ,!, 1: ei'L,y; N___,‘ 64 V1N1.nt5.....„, „_, k' •-i, 1 , •':'..' ..: C,',' 6140UND. • • C .4, , , . I •;',.i,,,,.: •N. 0r.7(...-0 e 11011IIS \ 1 , a 0 .4 , ,„?-,),,,:?,, ' ',MI ~ '• ' , '''..,' ',-,C,OUGASZ; ' • .-'L -' ~.,•,..i... ~, ', ,6 • .1 r :q-;''''.l.• :''' ; (493 ;IRS': ' ! li;1, /;,,,7;, .;/, . ,'. '''.'.:4s,j:/!;!t"'.11*.. +l'. •,,:d, ~.,, ,°-._ 0F..., CHEMISTS .1 ~, xO.-.-c,,V' 'T,;?.;:uclioi;TCßEATßßirmnaThEcotonizs 1 .. UNUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. 4 FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS, SICK HEADACHES. BILIOUS DERANGEMENTS. &C 1 AN AGREEABLE ApERIENT. KAYS TIC PILLS •••• -': -). CURE FACEACHE & NEURALGIA. VERY SERVICEABLE IN NERVE COMPLAINTS.' 1...,... "'"-- AVOID IM/TAT/ONS. - ~

BENSON'S , ENGAGEMENTAND-.GEM RINGS. THOUSANDS IN Brilliants, Emeralds, Pearls, Rubies, Sapphires, Opals, &c., of the Purest Quality, - At MAKER'S CASH PRICES. Size Cards Post Free. _------ , '• '1.,•,40 , tfc• it 4 Brilliant, 45/- Pearls 8; Sapphires, 25/. Brilliants, £3 .15s. Pearls cf.: Rubies, 23/- Brilliants, £l2 .10s, LARGEST STOCK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD. -- ..- te, 7::* ti ' '••-et,i A, , 46, 4 It4i> 0 -,:r kA4:i.4it;;;i 'XIJ.I Brilliants, £7. 10s. Rubies and Brilliants, £l5 Brilliants, £lO. Brilliants, :rou: 2.3. FINE GOLD CHAINS, Ladies' from 35/- Gents' from 60/- li tr;,.., - —, tatm ! ts , vgv , "IMP 'L v. i in ~- . , . IMP ..,.'1 L. FLA A,,, E" f'.o- .40::‘LITLE:% y Equals Silver, at Ono OuarleP the Cesf. ak, TEA SETS, CRUETS, ~, , 14-74;'' '34471. •„ , -'-',,,'.'4,, k WAITERS, SPOONS, \ FORKS, and TABLE k.,,,_-_- ',,..-i,; , ~ CUTLERY of the 7 ? --:.-7-•:- ,:.::=Afit, ..,,, , • k*V-107:.,,7{, j_be,,,, . i .i.`4:,';'...,.,,, f", :. BEST QUALITIES. t t.t,.›, , 1 , 4 ~,,,0,,,,,i For faliadc.e,taseil:, prices, BENSON'S BOOK OF WATCHES from Z 2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMI.:]NT. RINGS, BROOCHES, " IMPERIAL " AND SILVER PLATE, &c., &o. Post free. dP. NOTE rORDER FORM and PARTICULARS OF " THE TIMES" SYSTEM OF PURCHASE, Post Free. th'ifil. BENSON, Ltdip 62 & 64, Ludgate Hilly London,

WOFTTP2 A GLIMEA A BOX. "s. :44 4.• , . ‘ ''. ~,v; N • E 0 -'c'l'' . " . ': ' 9 • --, i. 4. • si'• .... , 4 ~. , , • .. „iv:" , s'e fOR ALL • BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Con3tipation3 Wind,

Prepared only by the Proprietor, TrromAs BEEcnam St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s, 9a. each, with full diiections. bold. everywhere.

9 • tA I I LS CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Manufactured only at 7S, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

IT VVILL:PAY YOU

-sxr. WRITE G 3 FA 414 ciF IT WILL NOW" "2= PAY YOU, HOLBORN LONDON 'E C

DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL .PILLS.

GREAT CASH SALE. PREVIOUS TO REMOVING) TO NEW PREMISES IN DEANSGATE 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS. GRATES. RANGES, MANTELS, CLOCKS. IRONMONGERY, HORTICULTURAL IMPLEMENTC, PLATE, CUTLERY, BRASS WORK, Ac., Ac. LEECH BROS, & CO., 23 IND 22, OLD MILLGATE. MANCHESTER. Telephcne 591.

A WISE MAN BUYS WHEN A GOOD CHANCE OFFERS. LEECH JESRO. Si; CO-, CASFI liiARGAIN SALE. 10 TO 25 PER CENT DISCOUNTS. GENERAL AND, FUE.NISHI.NG IRONMONGERY, GRATES. MANTELS, RANGES. GARDEN IMPLEMENTS, TENTS, TENNIS, CROQUET. &cc., Ac. HAMMOCKs. 20 en i 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. Telephone 891. (Removing to Deansgate shortly.)

PLEASANT PARAGRAPITS. VERY frequently circumstances alter kisses. THERE are times when we seem to have very little influence with ourselves. SHE "You are a conundrum." He: "But I hope you haven't given me up yet." TUE CRUELEST Yrr.—She : "My face is my fortune." He: "Well poverty is no disgrace." Sax: "You say you met your friend acci- dentally ?" He " Yes ; I fell in with him while skating." "DON'T you like to see a man strong enough to throw off trouble?" " Yes ; if he doesn't try to throw it off on me." A MAN'S IDEA OF IT.—He: "What an artistic home the Murglesons have?" He: " Yes; you can'tfind anything in it that you dare sit down on." A PRELIMINARY STAGE. —" What big words your sister uses, Harry I" " Yes ; she does when she's first introduced. She'll be all right after a while." Hits STATUS. —Little Elmer: "Papa, isn't a cynic a man who is tired of everybody?" Professor Broadhead: " Yes ; and of whom everybody is tired." HER INFERENCE. —Mr. Captain Braggington : "My husband was renowned on the tented field." Sally Gay: "Why, I didn't know he had ever travelled with a circus !" "Do you know a good tonic for nervous persons, Simpkins?" "No; what I want to find is a good tonic for people who have to live with them." "Why, George, you haven't smoked any of those cigars I gave you for a present !" Hubby: "No, dear, I haven't the heart to burn anything you gave me." "No, I shall never ask another to become my wife." "Oh, yes, you will. There are many nicer girls you might ask." "No; if you won't accept me, who would?" MRS. COBWIGGER : "Oh, Henry, you don't know .how bad I feel. Freddie stole two of the mince pies I made." Cobwigger : "Never mind, my dear; perhaps they won't kill him." THE IRISH LECTURER: "The superiority of the old architecture over the new is beyond question, for where will you find any modern buildings that have lasted as long as the ancient ones?" "JUST listen how they are pounding the floor with their feet," said the tragedian behind the curtain- " Yes," said the leading lady, " that is the stamp of public approval." "THAT elopement in high life was so romantic. They stole out—" " No, no, you mustn't say that; they belong to the best society. You should say They kleptomaniacked." MRS. MYLES : "I told Mrs. Styles I had heaped coals of fire on her head, and she looked worried." Mrs. Fyles : "What made her look worried do you suppose?" Mrs. Myles: "She didn't know whether they were on straight or not." MISTRESS: "Mary, have you got a young man in the kitchen?" Cook (under notice to leave): I have. An' I consider a young man in the kitchen is a jolly eight better than an old man in the drorin'-room. So there !" WALLACE: "There is nothing like matrimony to make a man appreciate the value of money." Ferry: "That so. A sovereign a man gives to his wife does look bigger to him than any other sovereign." ORATOR: "This country is now in the grasp of foreign financiers. But where is our deliverer? Is there a George Washington among us?" Coloured Party (rising) "Yes, sah ; hyah I be, salt." SMALL SOUTHERN Bo Y (politely) : "Please pass the 'lasses." Prim Northern Aunt : " You mean molasses, do you not?" Small Southera Boy: "How can I mean mo"lasses when I haven't had any?" 0 LIBERTY! the crimes that are done in thy name ! Particularly the Yankee crime of noe sounding the "r, ' which leave thy name " Libutty I" HER UNANSWERABLE ARGUMENT.--." That young man means well," said Mabel's father, "but he isn't intellectual. He doesn't think much." "Yes, he does," said Mabel, confidently. "He thinks a great deal of me." A QUESTION OF TlME.—Farmer (with wife and two children) : "How much fer tickets fer the young 'uns ?" Ticket Clerk: "Between five and twelve, half fare." Farmer: "Hang it ! Mandy, we'll hey tew wait till ter-morrer. It's half-past twelve now." THE PHRASE ACCEPTABLE.—" I know," pleaded the little bride, humbly, " that I make a good many grammatical errors." "They are nothing," said the young husband, "to those mother used to make." MAMMA to Edie, aged three and a half years, just home from his first morning at the kindergarten: Well, Edie, how did you like it? Edie: I didn't like it a bit. The teacher put me on a chair, and told me to sit there for the present, and I sat and sat, and she never gave me the present." Too LARGE.—Flossie : I don't care. I think Jack Townley is really mean." Annette: "Why, Flossie?" Flossie "He wrote to me from Florida, saying he had shot an alligator seven feet long, and said when he shot another he would have a pair of slippers made for me." "DOCTOR, I wish you wouid give me some'ehing for this cold in the head." " But, my dear sir, I don't wan't it. I wouldn't even take it as a gift." It was only the doctor's little joke, and he enjoyed it even if he did lose a patient because of it. He wasn't a man who paid his doctor bills very promptly, anyway. COMPOSER "I hope you like my new opera?" Critic: "Oh ! It's good enough in its way, and I dare say it will be performed after the works of Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven and Ileyerbeer are forgotten." Composer (delightedly) : " Really ?" Critic: "Yes ; but—not till then." A MANAGER, posing as an authority, went into a school one day with the intention of putting the fifth standard through their pacing in the geo• graphy of Europe. He began: "What is the capital of 'olland ? " " Capital H !" was the crushing rejoinder from the smart boy of the class. The manager did not pursue his geographical in- quiries further. "Iv is only right that I should tell you," she said, "that father has lost all." "Not all !" he exclaimed. "Ye,, all," she asserted. " No' "he said, firmly ; "not all. You are still left to him. I could not be so cruel as to add to his misfortunes. Tell him—tell him from me that my generosity impels me to leave him what little lies in my power." "WHAT appears to be the matter with your father?" inquired the doctor, as he hastily put his clothes on. " He's got the plumbago," replied the boy. "I think that's what maw says it is." " Pain in the small of the back, I presume," said the doctor. "No, sir ; he hain't got no small of the back. My paw weighs two hundred and eighty- four pounds. Miss PEERSEEKER : "Oh, baron, I would so much like to hear you tell again about how King Ludwig presented you with a decoration when you were a mere little shaver, and--" The Baron Barberosse. : " A leedle shaver ! I did not shave any one yen I was leedle. I did not learn my trade until "—recollecting himself—" dot is—l did not learn a trade at all.' NOT FOR HIS EARS.—" Sweet, do you love 1119 as well as you did this time yesterday?" tenderly murmured the young bridegroom, leaning towards her. "Rather better, I think, dear," softly answered the young bride. "Then I'm happier than I was yesterday," he rejoined; "and I didn't think it was possible." Whereupon the hard- featured old bachelor in the seat next to them changed his position vehemently. WIFE: "How in the world can you afford to buy those expensive eigrrs ?" Husband : "I don't buy them." "Dear me! You don't mean to say any friend of yours is rich enough to give you such cigars, do you !" "Wail, no ; not exactly. That Young man who has got so smitten with our daughter"—" Not more than she is with him." " Well, he's an agent or something for a big firm of cigar importers, and generally has his pockets full of their best samples. Well, after we go to bed and the lights are turned down, takes them out of his pockets and puts'em on the mantelpiece—to keep 'em from getting crushed, I suppose. Then when it comes to leaving, between , the desire to get out without making any noise at such a late hour and the pain of saying good. night to our daughter, he forgets all about them. I tell you, Mariah, our daughter has been a pretty heavy expense, but she's payin' for herself now."

CHRISTMAS PRESE2iTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS, GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. LTD., BASSETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. ARE NOW ROLDING THEIR ANNUAL SHOW OF SEASON'S NOVELTIES AND USEFUL FANCY GOODS SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. EMBRACES REAL SILVER GOODS ; lILECTRO PLATE OF THE BEST QUALITY. FITTED DRESaING BAGS AND CASES, TRAVELLING BAGS, PORTMANTEAUX &C. BRASS AND COPPER WARE. LEATHER WRITING CASES AND DESKS, AND POCKET BOOKS. SMOKERS' CABINETS, MEDICINE CABINETS &c., CHOICE CHINA AND BRIC-A-BRAC. TOYS, ROCKING HORSES, GAMES CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS, CHRISTMAS ANNUALS. PRIVATE AND AUTOGRAPH. k CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS, BY ALL THE BEST PUBLISHERS. LACE AND GAUZE FANS, UMBRELLAS AND WALKING STICKS. LAMP SHADES, CUSHIONS, COSEYS, EMBROIDERIES &c. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE SENT ON REQUEST. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD., BASSETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. 1

WILL the friends of the late MRS. RICHARO COOK kindly accept the THANKS OF THU FAMILY for their kind expressions of sympathy and regard.

TADES GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. " Since taking your pills I am a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. F ADE'S GOUT PILLS CLf RE RHEUMATISM. " Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Diford, 53, New Lloyd-street, Kirkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 58, Northumberland-street, Poplar, FADE'S Gour PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills Cured me In two days."—E J Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace. Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "I was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills,"—j.R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leede. FADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. " I recommend your pills,as there is nothing to beat tbein."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE FACE. " The day after taking only three pills I was aircoe.; well."—Phillo Brans, 32. Archer-street, B ty water, W. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your Dills and soon got relief."—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenbays, Manchester. E ADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two months, but before the pills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxfordsstreet, Coalville East, Leicestershire, EADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURE. " After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Sussex. EADE'S GOU PILLS, MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a abox., If that is an yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, Butcher, Stocksbridge, Deepcar. VADE'i GOUT and REIEUMATIC PILLS lit Are Sold by all Chemists, in bottles. Is. lid. and 21. 9d.. or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232. Goswell-road. London.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND _BOOKBINDING, IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES. PAMPHLETS. PROGRAMMES. POSTERS. STATEMENTS. JOHN WALKER &; Co. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. TOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING• MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER " MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. •

F OR r I RST-CLASS PIV ATE D:ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments uznraeonegsztry,ltnit m 3.7 to TEETH. AU consultations tree. TEETH. Bach patient Infworomr:dreqbelreelgand the cosi; TEETH. Gold sod other fillings at mo4ersts charge& TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendance. TEETH. P•inless Extraction iotnoas bus (i)tbedrto by tbs ela e. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,00Cigeileris weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON, • (DENTIST BY EXAM MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST: HELENS ...--......_...GE0RGE-STREE3 MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON --as, SANE.EY-STRE E WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. BRIDGE-STREET TUURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH._ APPLEMARKET-STREET:' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

FRIARS GREEN. Warrington Opt ssite Arpley Station, Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Esseuhigb's.; S. T. WARD AND CO, MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, itC“ Odakers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
